Chapter 1

"Damn, damn, damn," Beth muttered, leaning over the coffee shop front counter, pen in hand, attempting to find a way to make college possible. Sadly, the numbers didn't seem to want to co-operate. As it appeared, financially college just wasn't going to be happening for her this coming fall semester. There was no way around it; she was barely making enough to survive as it was. She was making so many sacrifices, too many as a matter of fact. Having to cut back on the hours she worked at the coffee shop in order to attend school, while paying the massive tuition wouldn't work. As it was the cost of living was a financial burden that was more than she could handle at the present time.

"Damn," she cursed again a little more loudly than she intended, as she rolled the offending list of expenses up in her fist, turned, and tossed the paper ball into the nearby garbage can. The paper ball hit the back of the can and fell in soundlessly.

"Impressive shot."

Beth sighed as she turned back towards the counter and gave Gabriel a faint smile. Any other day she would have loved seeing Gabriel - his visits were normally the highlight of her afternoon. However, today was different, not even the sight of her secret crush could brighten her day. Nope, not even the tall, lean, dark-haired hunk in the finely tailored suit with the piercing dark eyes, could take her mind off of her troubles.

"Afternoon Gabriel," she said solemnly.

Leaning an elbow on the beige marble counter separating them he smiled at her. His sweet, seductive smile helped melt the icy mood she'd been in, up until that point - slightly. "So, come on, tell me what's bothering you? Where's that beautiful smile you usually present me with?" He had a warm yet concerned look on his face.

"Oh I got it! Your boss is being a jerk?" he teased lightly.

A smile began to lift the corners of Beth's lips for the first time that day as she shook her head. "No."

He raised an inquisitive brow at her. "Oh I definitely got it now. Boyfriend troubles, right?"

Her smile widened. "Hardly." Grabbing a large paper cup from the dispenser she began to pour his coffee.

"The usual?" she asked, ignoring his question. She didn't want to be spilling her financial woes to customers - not even Gabriel. And as for her non-existent love life - she really didn't want to be spilling that to him.

Gabriel nodded. "Okay I'm done guessing," he gave a little chuckle. "Then tell me? What's wrong?"

Beth secured the plastic lid onto the cup and sighed, sliding the cup across the counter to him. Crossing her arms over her chest, she leaned her hip against the counter and caught his gaze. "Do you really want to know or are you just being polite?"

Damn, he looks good today. The top button of his off-white shirt was undone. His black satin tie hung loosely around his neck. He looked as though he could have just walked off the pages of 'GQ magazine.' He was, without a doubt, one of the hottest men she'd ever met. His easygoing demeanour and sinfully sexy smile complimented his good looks perfectly. Does he even know how hot he is? She found herself wondering, Of course he does... How could he not?

Gabriel chuckled. "I really want to know. Wouldn't have asked if I didn't."

Beth huffed. "Well, the problem is that I just can't catch a break."

"Can't catch a break?" Grabbing a bill from his trousers pocket he passed it to her as he accepted the coffee. "Why do you say that?"

Accepting the payment she rang in his total and proceeded to give him his change. When she offered it to him, as usual, he waved it off so she dropped it into her tip jar. The tip equalled roughly three times the cost of the coffee; he was easily the best tipper to walk through the doors of the coffee shop.

"Well, I'm halfway through college and there is no way I'm going to afford to be able to go back next year. I can barely pay my bills even with all the overtime I put in this place. Like, take this week for instance. I have a choice... do I pay my electricity or my telephone bill?"

Gabriel nodded appearing grim, but amusement gleamed in his eyes as she continued on. All of a sudden the dam broke and the need to purge her grievances was too overwhelming so she continued her rant, the words falling from her lips like verbal diarrhoea that she was helpless to stop. "So that means I'm stuck here. At the shitty dead end job for another year. Hell, maybe even the rest of my life! I'm twenty-three years old and facing a lifetime of being the donut girl. It wouldn't even be so bad if I had a boyfriend, or hell, got laid once in a while. But no. None of that either. The only men I seem to attract are criminals, married men or unemployed losers." Beth huffed and shook her head in defeat. "Just can't catch a break..."

Nodding, a smile spread across Gabriel's lips as he raised a brow at her. "Well as far as the telephone and electricity issues go I might be able to help you there."

Frowning, Beth caught his eyes. Her heart stopping for a moment and her face flushed. Oh-my-God. She groaned inwardly. Now he thinks I'm some sex starved charity case. She prayed for death at that moment. Though looking at him, his dark eyes burrowing into hers, she knew she'd have told him anything he wanted to know. Somehow she doubted many women could resist answering any questions or fulfilling any request he may send their way.

Feeling the heat rush up to her cheeks, Beth shook her head. "No. No, I wasn't implying or hinting. I-"

Gabriel's grin widened. "So you don't want a better job?'' He shrugged, "Or at least a better paying job. Not sure if I would say better."

"W-well. No, I do. I mean, I didn't mean to be looking for handouts. I just-"

"Can you cook?" Gabriel asked laughing outright as he reached into the inner pocket of his suit jacket and producing a business card which he passed to her.

The heat in her cheeks intensified and she nibbled lightly on her lower lip. "Macaroni and cheese." she joked. Could she cook? He had to be joking. She had to be the worst cook she knew. Nothing ever seemed to turn out right, no matter how much time or effort she took to prepare a meal. She overcooked everything. Some people were meant to be domestic; she wasn't one of those people.

Taking the card from him, she glanced down at it. "Gabriel Reynolds Enterprises."

"Yeah, that's me," he confirmed, with a disinterested shrug.

She looked up from the card to meet his eyes. She had no idea what Gabriel Reynolds Enterprises was, but he seemed to be awfully young to be running anything. He couldn't have been a day over thirty.

"You know what," reaching back into his inner pocket, he produced a silver pen, retrieved the card from her fingertips and quickly jotted down a phone number and address. "I have to go. I have a meeting in ten minutes, but give me a call tonight, we'll arrange a meeting and see what we can figure out for you."

Beth accepted the extended card once again, and decided to ask the question that was at the forefront of her mind. "Why would you do this for me?"

Snatching his coffee from the counter he grinned at her, and gave her a wink, sending her pulse racing. "Maybe I like the way you make my coffee."

Rolling her eyes at him, she couldn't help but grin; his smile was infectious. "I press a button on a machine and it pours it into a cup..."

"Call me tonight," he called over his shoulder ignoring her comment, as he rushed across the dining room and out the front door.

Beth watched as he strode across the parking lot, taking long, graceful strides. Working for Gabriel... Cooking? She tapped her lower lip with the edge of the business card as she watch him slide into his black Lamborghini, pull out of the parking slot and speed away. She made a mental note to do an online search for Gabriel Reynolds Enterprises when she arrived home. Maybe he owned a chain of restaurants? She had always assumed he was some sort of hotshot lawyer, or something of the sort. Whatever it was that he did for a living, considering the expensive car, finely tailored suit and large tips he always gave her for a single cup of coffee, Beth guessed that business was very good for Mr Reynolds.

****

"4591 Spruce Meadow Lane," Beth muttered, her blue eyes widening as she pulled her ancient Sunfire up to the tall - at least eight feet in height - wrought iron security fence and lowered her window to press the buzzer for admittance. It was easily one of the most magnificent homes she'd ever seen. It was a three story Victorian styled house that looked more like a hotel than someone's private home. It was something she'd expect to see on 'The Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous.'

Once she got over her awe of the house, she pressed the buzzer and waited for a response.

"Please state your name and business," an abrupt male voice called over the speaker.

"I um... I'm Beth. I'm here to see... Ummmm, Gabe... I mean... Mr Reynolds."

There was silence from the mysterious voice on the other end.

"About a job," she added groaning inwardly at herself. Why was she so nervous? He was just another customer. One she enjoyed flirting with on a daily basis, just like all the other good looking men who came into the coffee shop. Just because he owned a profitable Mergers and Acquisitions company - at least that's what she gathered from the online research - didn't change a thing. He was still the same Gabriel she'd been flirting with for months now. And if she hadn't read the signals wrong, he was more than happy to flirt back.

"Come on through," the voice through the metal box answered as a creaking noise sounded, and the gates began to slowly part.

Shifting the car into drive, Beth slowly made her way to the front of the house and parked behind Gabriel's Lamborghini. Taking a deep breath in, she attempted to calm her increasingly rattled nerves. There was rich and then there was this! She shut off the car while still eyeing the beautiful home. Looking down at her black knee length skirt and purple short sleeved blouse she immediately began feeling underdressed. Bending down she peered at herself in the driver's side mirror, flattening her shoulder length blonde hair and ensuring her make-up hadn't smudged. To her relief it hadn't.

She suddenly laughed at herself for being so self-conscious. This was a job interview, not a date. While surfing the web trying to find out more about Gabriel, she'd seen a number of photographs with him and his dates. They were all leggy, model types who reeked of high-society and presumably owned little dogs they carried in their purses named Fefe or something equally as ridiculous. He was out of her league. Perhaps she was fun to flirt with in the afternoons while grabbing a coffee, but that was the extent of it for him she was sure. Sure she'd had a crush on him for some time now. But big deal. It was a crush, it didn't have to complicate matters.

Taking a deep breath she tried to steady her nerves before straightening up; squaring her shoulders. She finally got out of her car and made her way up the front steps. She was just raising her fist to knock on the large oak door when it was opened by a man who appeared to be in his mid-forties, wearing a stern expression.

"Miss Wilmington," he gave her a nod and stepped aside ushering her in.

"Thank you," pasting a tight smile on her face to cover her nerves she nodded back at him and walked into the house. The inside was just as magnificent as the outside. The front door brought her into a main room, a large white marble fountain at its center, with two cupids' back to back arrowed poised and ready to shoot as the highlight of the masterpiece which reached up past the first floor and to the second.

On either side of her, was a staircase leading to the second floor, which overlooked the first. Wow. She knew there would be a look of marvel on her face, but at that point she didn't care. The inside of his home, at least the first room reminded her of an Arabian palace, with all the gold coloured trim and marble. She halfway expected belly dancers to appear and dance their way down the winding staircase. But, of course, they didn't

"This is a beautiful house," she managed to gasp. She looked over at the man who had opened the door and caught a glimpse of humour in his eyes, which faded quickly as he nodded, the stern expression reappearing.

"This way. Mr Reynolds is expecting you," with a firm hand at her back, he led her down a hallway, which was softly lit by elegant stained glass scones on the walls.

You could get lost in this place! As beautiful as it was, it seemed too big, if that were possible. More like a museum than an actual home.

"In here," the man who had yet to give her his name knocked lightly on the door.

"Come in," a voice that was unmistakably Gabriel's called out from behind the door.

Turning the knob, the man pushed it open and stepped aside for Beth to walk past him. Once she was in, he closed the door softly behind her.

Gabriel's office was unlike the rest of the house. It was small, quaint even. The walls were beige with burgundy trim and to her left was a fireplace, giving the room a soft, warm glow.

"Come on over and have a seat Beth."

His voice, which was soft and seductive, took her eyes from their exploration of the room to Gabriel who was leaning back against his desk. He had one ankle crossed causally over the other and his arms folded over his t-shirt clad chest.

Her breath hitched at the sight of him. Gone was the suit and tie which always hung loosely around his neck. Tonight, he wore a v-neck black t-shirt which stretched across his lean, nicely defined chest and instead of the dark trousers he wore faded denim. It occurred to her that this was the first time she'd ever seen him in anything other than a suit.

She ran a shaky hand through her silken locks. The coffee shop was her domain, she felt in control there. But here, in his private man cave, he was the master and she felt as though she was in his thrall. A warmth spread through her and she felt her cheeks grow warm just as a soft throbbing between her legs caught her attention. Oh, this was a bad idea.

His dark eyes met hers sending a shiver down her spine and causing the throbbing between her legs to intensify. A devious smile touched his lips, as if he knew where her mind had led her while he motioned to the chair in front of him. She exhaled loudly, just then realizing that she'd been holding her breath.

Doing as instructed she sat in the chair indicated, crossing on leg over the other and sitting up straight, shoulders squared. "Hi." That was the best she could come up with, no other words seemed to come to her at that moment.

His grin widened. "Hi."

So you have me here Mr Reynolds now what are you going to do with me? The way that her body was responding to his presence she knew, without a doubt what she'd like him to do with her. Stop it Beth, you're here for an interview. That's all, she scolded herself silently.

Uncrossing his arms, he lowered them and grasped the edge of the desk, as he continued to recline back on it. "So let's get down to it. We've established that you can't cook..."

"Well, I... Ummmm," she shrugged and gave him an apologetic smile. "I'm willing to learn."

Laughing, Gabriel nodded. "Fair enough. I'm willing to give you a little grace period to get up to speed. What I'm in need of is a live-in cook and housekeeper."

"Live here?" She blue eyes grew wide and her mouth dropped in disbelief. He couldn't be serious. In this house? With him?

Chapter 2

Cocking his head to the side Gabriel arched a brow at her, amused. "Well, that would be what the term live-in implies. You'd be paid well. Your pay will increase when your culinary skills improve. We can heckle about the pay later. In addition, you'll receive room and board. I'm assuming when you said the extent of your cooking skills stopped at..." he chuckled and cleared his throat, "mac and cheese you weren't understating."

Embarrassed, Beth shook her head. "Afraid not. It's really good though."

"No doubt."

Taking a deep breath in, she exhaled slowly. "With all due respect, I have a feeling you can well afford a real chef, one who knows how to cook and do what you need them to. Why me?"

"Fair question." He clucked his tongue off the roof of his mouth as he eyed her. "The thing is that when I say live-in, it means just that and to be honest I'm a fairly hard man to live with."

Beth grinned, she had a hard time believing that. "But this is a rather large house," she countered.

"Okay, let me rephrase then. I want someone who I think I'll enjoy having around," his gaze caught hers and once again she felt a familiar pleasurable chill rush down her spine and the throbbing between her legs that that had just begun to die down resumed in full force.

Enjoy how? Oh-my-God, don't be silly. He certainly doesn't have to hire someone for sex! Maybe he just wants a cook, housekeeper and someone to shoot the shit with from time to time, nothing more and nothing less. But the heat in his gaze told her otherwise. His gaze told her, he wanted her. She'd felt it in the coffee shop and she was feeling it now, more intensely than ever before because there was no counter to use as a buffer between them.

But what if she was mistaken? What if by taking this job, she'd be forced to endure seeing him bring home a parade of snotty model type women. She growled at herself. This was a job, nothing more or less. Who he brought home would be none of her concern.

"So what happened to your former cook-slash-housekeeper?"

"She has moved on."

"And what other duties would this include?"

His eyes continued to gaze onto hers. Damn, she hated, but at the same time loved how he was making her feel. Could she work for someone who made her feel this way? She didn't know.

"Well, the cooking is the primary thing. Breakfast would be required to be prepared and served at 7am sharp every morning. And you are expected to be here and have an acceptable dinner on the table when I come home during the week. On the weekend I expect three meals. In addition, laundry, shopping and cleaning throughout the day. Whatever requires doing - more or less. I do have people come in and take care of the floors, windows, pool twice a week, so virtually everything having to do with the household upkeep would be under your command. And like I say, I require you to be on call 24/7. No exceptions."

"Sounds like you're looking for a wife to me," she joked.

His soft smile faded and his expression went blank. Beth gasped her eyes wide in horror as soon at the words that came from her mouth. Why did she keep doing that? Filter. Beth. Filter, she scolded herself. "I'm so sorry. I never meant. I was jo-"

"Now if you were to fulfill the duties of my wife, then I assure you I'd be expecting more than simple cooking and cleaning." His voice took on a deep, husky sound that made her wish she was bold enough to volunteer for the "extras."

Running a nervous hand through her hair she couldn't bear to meet his heated gaze. Instead she focused on an abstract painting just over his left shoulder.

"So would you like to see the kitchen and the room that would be yours before we discuss money and you make a decision either way?"

She gulped down the lump forming in her throat and nodded. "Yes please."

****

She was a cheeky little thing. And he liked it, perhaps too much. He'd asked himself a number of times during the course of the day if offering her a job and having her live with him was such a good idea. While he'd led her to believe that the previous housekeeper had lived at the house, that hadn't actually been the case. Beth was the first employee that he'd opened his home to. It was partially because of her apparent financial issues, but mostly because there was something about her that had him captivated. And if he were to be brutally honest with himself, the house felt too big for him. He wanted the companionship of a woman without necessarily the relationship.

One of the highlights of each of his - frequently frustratingly - long days was the sweet smile she'd present him with when he arrived at the coffee shop and the causal flirting that would transpire between them while he was there. He liked that she remembered what he liked and things he'd said. She seemed like such a genuine person, unlike the women he'd dated in the past. Yes, she'd managed to get under his skin and so he wanted her near him, at least until he could sort out his feelings towards her.

While his intentions for the moment were strictly professional, the thought of having her in his bed, or for that matter, bent over his desk made his cock come alive. He shifted uncomfortably, trying to conceal his growing erection from her. She looked a little indecisive, and the last thing he wanted was for her to feel he wanted more than a strictly professional relationship. Whether that was the case or not.

"So what do you say? Let me show you around?" Standing, he extended his hand to her. She hesitated briefly, looked up, met his eyes with her sapphire blue ones and accepted his hand. His larger hand eclipsed her soft, delicate one as she rose to her feet.

He led her to the door and opened it, ushering her out and then exiting after her. The first stop would be the kitchen and then he's play it by ear from there.

"To address the cooking issue-"

"Are you sure you wouldn't be more suited to have a real chef?" she asked, looking up at him.

He laughed "No, I know what I want."

"I just want to be honest with you. Even with a lot of practice I doubt I'll be able to get even close to cooking as well as you'll want from me." She ran her hand through her hair once more, the golden strands, slipping by her fingers one-by-one. It was killing him not to reach over and stroke her soft, silky hair. Or better yet, wrap it around his fist as he pulled her lips up to meet his in a hard, demanding kiss that would leave them both breathless. Oh God, the things he'd like to do to her.

Her eyes dropped to his groin briefly and then she quickly glanced away flushing. Did he have the same affect on her as she did on him? If he pulled her into his arms and slid a hand up her inner thigh, under her skirt, and then between her legs would she be wet for him. He groaned inwardly as his cock hardened further. If he didn't get a handle on this attraction for her it would be a nightmare having her sleeping down the hall from him.

Fuck, this was a bad idea.

Bad or not, it was what he wanted. By the way she flushed and averted her gaze so frequently, especially after the marriage comment he assumed that indeed she did as well. Hoped she did. At the coffee shop he was just another asshole customer, one of hundreds; hell, thousands she served each week. He wanted to know if he was more than just another guy to her.

"Don't underestimate your abilities, Beth. I have faith in you." He had a warm smile on his face, as he gave her a gentle pat on her shoulder.

She laughed lightly as they approached the kitchen. "Well, don't say I didn't warn you well in advance."

"Warning noted."

As they walked into the massive, fully equipped kitchen Beth gasped beside him.

"This is your kitchen!"

Gabriel shrugged. It looked like any other kitchen to him. "Your kitchen, if you want the job." Remembering the large library of cookbooks in cabinet over the sink he brushed past her and retrieved roughly a dozen of them. Carrying them over to the sit-down breakfast bar he plunked them down. "And this will be your homework."

He watched as she inspected the books, apprehension in her expression as she picked one up and flipped through it. Taking the book she was fingering through from her, he placed it back on the counter and took her hand. "You can study later. Come on... Let me show you your room and the rest of the house." Fearing she would back out, thinking it was too much, he decided giving her the rest of the tour would perhaps persuade her to give it a shot.

****

The tour of the house went by as one big blur. Beth's mind was focused on the hundreds of complicated recipes. From the glance she'd taken she didn't even recognize some of the ingredients. How in the hell was she going to pull this off? That was some crazy assed "Chef Ramsey" shit he was expecting from her by the looks of it. What if she took the job and couldn't make it work and he let her go? She supposed she could go crawling back to the coffee house, begging for her old job.

The other thing that was keeping her mind from focusing was his general closeness. They had always had the counter at the coffee shop dividing them, but now he was next to her. Throughout the tour Gabriel would touch her shoulder lightly or place his palm at the small of her back, or take her hand to catch her attention; with each slight contact she was put more on edge as her desire for him rose. Should potential employers be holding potential employees hands? If even briefly. She didn't think so. But she liked it and God help her, she wanted so much more than that.

Between worrying about the cooking and his close proximity which was turning her body into a raging ball of hormones, she was a wreck. I can get used to being near him, she told herself, the attraction will wear off.

Their tour ended at the back of the house as he led her to the pool area, featuring a large kidney shaped outdoor pool; lights inside the pool illuminated the water as it shifted colours between blue, red, yellow and green. The area was secluded. Well trimmed hedges that she guessed were close to nine feet high encased the area from the odd chance of someone lurking about. But she was certain intruders would have a hard time getting onto the property to begin with because of the tall, iron fencing circling it.

The pool looked so tempting and the evening was so beautiful, that she'd have loved to strip down and dive in. With regret, she took one last look at the pool and turned her back to it, reclining back against the wrought iron railing and glancing over at him.

"So let's get down to it." Gabriel said as he leaned back against the porch railing, his back also to the tempting pool.

Taking a deep breath in, she released it slowly and nodded. "Okay." She shouldn't be nervous, she should be excited. This was an opportunity to get out of the shit job she was forced to go to each day, and to live here with him, in his palace hideaway. This was an amazing opportunity.

"What do you think would be a fair wage?" He looked down at her, his face not letting on anything he was thinking.

Shit! Wage? How much should she ask? She had no idea. She had assumed he would have a number in mind. "So this is a negotiation?" she asked teasingly.

A grin touched his lips briefly before he swallowed it down. His eyes, however, told of his amusement. "Yes, I suppose it is."

She narrowed her eyes at him. She was getting the impression he was just humouring her, but played along. She had to consider she was going to get free room and board. And boy what a room it was! She could fit her whole apartment in the bedroom he was planning on assigning her. Then she would have free utilities. Those two things alone cost her close to seventy percent of her pay each week.

But... this was a negotiation and wasn't the opening offer supposed to be close to twice what you'd really take? Shit, she didn't know. Looking back up at him, her blue eyes locked to his dark ones and without thinking she requested twice as much as she made at the coffee shop.

He whistled, his expression remaining blank. "Have you really thought that offer through?"

Shit! It was too much. Damn, damn, damn. Maybe this wasn't meant to be. She groaned inwardly at herself, as a worried expression crossed her face.

As if sensing her distress, he touched her arm. "I mean, have you really thought through what the job entails. You're on call 24/7. If I want you to get up at 3am to make me a pop tart, then I expect it to be done. If I have a hankering for something that you have to drive across town for at the most inconvenient time, I expect it to be done."

Her frown deepened. She hadn't thought about it in that sense. "In that case, double my last offer."

Turning to face her, he nodded. "Done. How early can you start?"

Holy fuck! Beth's jaw dropped as she turned so she was facing him straight on. Is he serious? Four times what she made at the coffee shop, including tips, plus free room and board! Looking up into his eyes there was no doubt he was indeed serious with his offer. "Oh-my-God. I was joking."

"I'm not. Money isn't an issue for me. I think this can be a good arrangement, and I'm willing to do what it takes to make this happen."

Her mind was whirling. There was so much to consider. She'd need to give notice to her landlord. To the coffee shop. What if it didn't work? What if Gabriel was actually some sort of eccentric nutcase? Surely offering someone the kind of money he was her to cook for him, especially when she admitted the best she could manage was mac and cheese was a little off-balanced.

But the money would be so good right now. She could work for him for the year and then study full-time for the next two years without having to worry about debt and juggling work and school. Whatever his reasoning for offering her what he was, she knew it was in her best interests to chalk it up to him being generous. There were times when you don't turn generosity away; this was one of those times.

With her mind made up she couldn't help but tease. She glanced up at him, an eyebrow arched, pretending to contemplate the offer. "Do I have to wear one of those little French maid uniforms?"

A heated, hungry look crossed his features as his eyes slowly made their way down the length of her body then back up to meet her eyes once more. "Now that is a very interesting idea. It's not mandatory, but I wouldn't be opposed to it." He shrugged. "I welcome the idea in fact."

Her face immediately flushed. Damn. But a part of her loved the way he was looking at her. The hungry part longed for him to pull her tight against him, and have his way with her on the cool deck.

"But..." He reached out and caught a lock of her hair between his fingers and then watched it fall, strand-by-strand from his fingertips. A shiver rocked her body and she had to fight to suppress a soft moan. "If you're not willing to wear the uniform I suppose you can wear whatever you like."

"Okay."

"Okay," he confirmed, smiling widely.

"You have yourself a cook slash maid slash, whatever else you need in the middle of the night girl, Mr Reynolds."

His grin widened as he extended his hand to her. "You have no idea how much I was hoping you'd say that Miss Wilmington."

Chapter 3

Beth flopped herself backwards onto the large king sized bed with a satisfied sigh. The soft mattress cushioned her, enticing her to close her eyes and drift off to sleep. It was a far cry from the hard futon she had been calling a bed for the past year. She was tired, but a wide smile appeared as she surveyed the massive bedroom that was now hers. She felt like a princess, though come tomorrow Cinderella may be more accurate a term.

The past few days had been a whirlwind of activity for Beth. Gabriel had insisted she start immediately, but she managed to negotiate two days with him. Reluctantly, he'd agreed. He was - without a doubt - the type of man who was accustomed to getting what he wanted, when he wanted it without any hesitation.

The day after their meeting and her agreeing to work for him, he'd hired a moving company and they began to clean out her apartment for her - not that there was much to move and he paid off her landlord. All that came with her to his mansion was her clothing and her personal belongings.

Her appliances, housewares and items of that nature were donated and he gave her check for an amount that was well over the retail value of her well used items. When she protested he informed her it was a salary bonus and a write-off for him financially so not to worry. While her pride told her to fight it, it almost felt like they were getting married rather than her going to work for him, the sensible part of her told her that it was for the best. If worse came to worst, the "bonus" he'd given her more than covered her expenses for close to six months if she were to move out. She had to think of this practically, and practicality speaking she needed to take the "bonus," in the off chance things didn't work out with Gabriel and she needed a safety net.

"Well, aren't you the sweet one Mr Reynolds," Beth muttered as she propped herself up on her elbows and glanced over at the cookbooks sitting on the large mahogany dresser that Gabriel must have had brought up to her. She "officially" started work in the morning; breakfast was to be on the table at 7am sharp. With a groan she reluctantly sat up and made her way over to the books.

Atop the stack of books was a note from Gabriel.

Beth,

I took the liberty of marking some of my favourite dishes. You might want to come accustomed to those first. I apologize for not being around these past couple of days to help you settle in, but I have been tied up. I do have a surprise for you. Be ready at 8pm. I look forward to tasting what you have to offer me.

Gabriel

P.S. I highly suggest you wear what is in the closet tonight.

"Look forward to tasting what you have to offer me?" Beth muttered, biting back a grin and halfway hoping there was a double meaning to that comment. A surprise for me? Excitement welled up within her as she made her way over to the large walk-in closet. Pulling open the double doors she gasped, her eyes immediately focusing on the black, strapless floor length gown, hooked on a steel rack in the center of the closet, along with a matching satin wrap. "You have got to be shitting me," she muttered as she walked into closet and tentatively touched the soft fabric. The tag inside was marked Versace.

She unhooked the dress and draped it over her arms as if it were made of tissue paper and strode over to the bed, laying it out on top of the taupe coloured comforter. The dress would have easily have cost her a months salary at the coffee shop, most likely much more. She had no idea when it came to prices of high-end clothing. As high-end as she ever got was "The Gap."

Upon closer examination she noticed a string of black gemstones lining the top of the bodice that glistened as the light from ceiling hit them. It suddenly occurred to her that it was beginning to get dark outside.

Looking down at her watch, she noticed it was nearly 7pm already! "Shit!" She immediately sprung into action, stripping off her jogging pants and t-shirt as she made her way to her private bathroom, directly off the bedroom. "Shit, shit, shit," the curses ran as if on a loop through her mind as she rushed to take a shower.

She ran the possibilities through her mind of what the big surprise could be. Seeing the gown she was expected to wear, she imagined it was some place formal and classy. She wasn't much for formal and classy. "Just wing it Wilmington," she coached herself as she grabbed the shampoo and began to lather up her hair.

****

He'd admit that perhaps what he had planned for Beth was a little inappropriate, okay a lot inappropriate, considering she was now technically his employee. But, he reasoned the inappropriateness away by calling it a celebration outing. Fuck, the whole situation was slightly inappropriate so what was a little night out to add to it.

Pulling the Lamborghini up to the house, promptly at 8pm, he was pleased to see that she was waiting patiently for him just outside the front door and looking more stunning than he'd ever seen her. She was a beautiful woman, he'd thought it from the first moment he laid eyes on her at the coffee shop, with her long golden hair, her sweet heart-shaped face and large blue eyes; she was girl next door, adorable. But now... She was like a goddess if he'd ever seen one and she quite literally took his breath away with her classic beauty.

Turning off the car's engine Gabriel jumped out and made his way over to Beth, making it to her side before she had a chance to take a single step. Taking her hand into his he brought it to his mouth, flipped it over and kissed he palm. "You look stunning tonight."

Her cheeks turned an alluring shade of pink as she caught his eyes "You don't look too shabby yourself boss," she teased, "Don't suppose you're going to tell me where you're taking me." She looked down at her dress and his eyes followed her gaze, his cock jumping in his black pants as his eyes took in the sight of the tops of her bare breasts.

Keeping hold of her hand he led her down the stairs to the car. "Now if I told you then it wouldn't be a surprise would it?" With that he gave her a wicked little grin. At the car he opened the door for her, and helped her in while at the same time adjusting his suit jacket to ensure it was covering his growing erection. This was going to be a harder night than he'd expected.

****

Beth eyed Gabriel as he assisted her into the car, trying to decide which Gabriel she liked more; the casual one with the tight t-shirts accenting his sexy chest and shoulders, with the low slung jeans or this one wearing the finely tailored suit with the authoritative demeanour. Both were so damned sexy it made her body yearn for him.

For the thousandth time since she decided to take the job, she wondered how she was going to manage to keep from falling for him. She already had a hardcore crush on him. She'd had one for some time now, hell most of the women at the coffee shop were crushing on him. She remembered all too clearly the look in those women's eyes when she'd told them she was quitting the coffee shop to work for and live at his home, it was a look of pure envy, mixed with a slight hint of hatred.

Boy, if they could see me now, she thought with a smug feeling of satisfaction as she watched him slide in the car behind the steering wheel. He glanced over at her and her heart skipped a beat. A warm smile graced his face as he started the car. The engine roared to life and he shifted it into gear, speeding out of the driveway.

"So do you buy all of your employees beautiful, overpriced dresses and take them to some surprise location whenever you hire them?" she teased.

He shot her wry grin and shook his head, "Nah, I'm starting something new with you."

"So I'm the guinea pig," she lifted a brow at him.

"Something like that. Besides, might I remind you that you are not only the chef, but there are other duties that come with the position..."

Beth laughed, "I know. I know. The non-wife - wife duties, minus the sex."

Gabriel's face blanched at the wisecrack, but he quickly regained his composure and glanced over at her, his eyes roaming the length of her body, before returning back to the road. "I never said sex was off of the table."

Was he serious? Despite the colour rushing to her cheeks she glanced over at him trying to read his expression, but it was blank. Damn him, surely he was joking, but... Her mouth opened to speak, to say something - anything, but she snapped it shut. Sex with Gabriel? She wouldn't lie; she had envisioned the scenario more than once over the months' since she first met him. She had envisioned in her mind's eye what his body would feel and look like under those finely tailored designer suits. Amazing to both the eyes and to the touch, she had no doubt about that. She'd even masturbated to thoughts of him. Truth be told, Gabriel was normally the star of all her fantasies.

Finally, after what felt like close to an hour of awkward silence but amounted closer to a fraction of a minute, he grinned at her. "I'm teasing you Beth."

She released the breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding until that moment with a loud huff. She wasn't sure what she was more of - relieved or disappointed. No, he's my boss now. I have to keep reminding myself of that. Off-limits! Period! Sadly, the reaction of her body to his close proximity seemed to disagree with her reasoning as she found herself squirming uncomfortably as wetness began to form between her legs from her desire for him.

"Sorry I-"

"Hmmm," he cocked a brow at her and grinned.

"How did you know my dress size?" She decided it best to change the subject, before she got herself more embarrassed than she already was.

It was his turn to flush. "I-um. Well, I had this planned and-"

"And you went snooping through my private things," she narrowed her eyes at him, pretending to be aghast at his actions.

"No. No-it wasn't snooping. You see I knew I was going to take you here and to keep it a surprise-"

"You went poking through my underwear drawer," she couldn't hold the stern look any longer, as a grin broke through ruining her facade.

"Nah," he gave her a wink, "I had Gerald do it."

Beth cringed. Gerald the older, stern looking butler was rummaging through her personal belongings? She prayed he didn't open the drawer with her vibrator in it. He did seem to have a hard time looking her in the eye all day today. Oh God! The whole idea was too mortifying to even consider.

"He didn't happen to mention anything else about what he found when going through my clothes looking for sizes did he?"

Gabriel frowned, "No. Why would he?"

Beth shook her head, attempting a reassuring smile. "No reason at all. Just wondering."

"Hmmm, sweet little Beth from the coffee shop, are you keeping secrets from me?" he flicked on the blinker and pulled the car into the parking lot of one of the hottest and most exclusive restaurants in town - The View. The dress made perfect sense now considering the ultra formal dress code the restaurant required. She'd always wondered what it was like there and if the food was truly worth the pricetag she'd heard was on it. She supposed she would find out soon enough.

Gabriel pulled the car up to the front door and turned it over to the valet while a second valet assisted Beth from the passenger's side. He immediately handed her off to Gabriel as he approached. Gabriel offered his arm to her, which she accepted, feeling like royalty, or some sort of superstar as they strolled - quite literally - down a red carpet into the very elegantly styled, modern restaurant. Oh, I could totally get used to this!

Chapter 4

"You know, Gabriel, this feels an awful lot like a date," Beth commented as he pushed her chair in for her. They were seated in a private room where one wall was actually a window overlooking Portland. Millions of lights sparkled in the darkness below them and if you looked far out you could see the water. It was nothing short of spectacular.

"Does it now?" he asked unbuttoning his suit jacket, shrugging it off and laying it across the back of his chair as he sat down across from her. "For the sake of argument. You don't start working for me until tomorrow morning, so technically, even if this were a date it wouldn't be a conflict to our working relationship."

A light knock came at the door.

"Come in," Gabriel called out.

Beth turned in her seat, expecting to see the waiter, but instead the head chef walked in closing the door behind him. "Gabriel, good to see you again."

"Pete." Gabriel stood and walked over to the other man. They shook hands and then did what Beth called a "man hug," one arm, with no lower body contact. The chef appeared to be about the same age as Gabriel; early thirties perhaps.

He waved his hand in the direction of Beth. "This is Beth; she's going to be your student for the next few weeks or so."

Student? Beth looked up at the handsome blonde-haired man, who was assumed to be a close friend to Gabriel.

"Ahhh Beth, it's going to be a pleasure teaching you everything I know," he gave her a wink that had her heart racing and colour rising to her cheeks as he extended his hand to her.

Beth took his hand, as she glanced over at Gabriel with a questioning frown.

"Peter is a world renowned chef and he is going to be teaching you the art of cooking. You know, something beyond... mac and cheese."

Beth's eye narrowed as she glared over at Gabriel. Oh God, could that have been more embarrassing.

Peter chuckled good-naturedly. "No need to be embarrassed Beth, a good many people should stay far away from the kitchen, but no worries, I will turn you into a master chef in no time."

Gabriel caught her gaze and grinned, unaffected by her penetrating stare. "So now, you won't be able to say you're not qualified for the job." Gabriel nodded towards Peter. "Pete here will ensure that you are."

While becoming a chef certainly wasn't her lifelong dream, to be tutored by the head chef of The View, was an opportunity that she couldn't refuse. Maybe he could whip her into becoming a great chef. Maybe this was the opportunity she needed? Anything was possible and she was determined to keep an open mind.

"I really appreciate you taking the time to teach me what you know Peter."

Peter smiled down at her and nodded. "My pleasure." Turning back to Gabriel, "I have your pre-order; a selection of your favourite dishes to sample."

"That would be great. Thanks."

"I'll be seeing you tomorrow Beth. And have a good evening, let me know if there are any problems. Your usual wine Gabe?"

Gabe? She hid her grin. Yes, they must be close if he's calling comfortable enough to call Gabriel, Gabe.

"That would be splendid Pete. Thanks."

With a final nod, Peter turned his head and left closing the door firmly behind him. Without the conversation, Beth's attention was shifted to the soft, sultry music that had been playing in the background.

She glanced over at Gabriel as he pushed back his chair and stood, extending his hand to her. "Dance with me until dinner arrives." It was more of an order than a request, his eyes saying he did not expect to be denied.

"Here? Now?"

He smiled softly and nodded, but his tone was firm, "now."

Taking his hand, she rose from her chair and he led her to the small vacant area in front of the window. He pulled her tight into him, wrapping his arms around her waist. She found herself melting against him. As she slipped her hands up his hard chest and secured them around his neck, a voice in the back of her mind warned her she was going to get hurt. It warned her that he was way out of her league and that she was just a distraction until he started dating some new super model or actress. She pressed that voice to the deep recesses of her mind, as she gazed deep into his intense, dark eyes.

After all of the nights she spent dreaming of him, why couldn't she allow herself to pretend this could be real? Just for the night while dressed in the most exquisite gown she'd ever owned, being held in the arms of the most charming and gorgeous man she'd ever laid eyes on. She wanted to pretend she was the princess and this life was really hers.

He held her tight, the soft sway of his hips against hers lighting the fire within her. She leaned in closer to him, and the smell of his cologne came to her, a sweet, yet spicy musk that begged her to come closer, pressing her hips against his.

Damn, damn, damn, she chastised herself. It was so hard keeping her distance when all she wanted to do was get closer. How could she possibly work and sleep just down the hall from him? She shuddered at the thought of seeing him bring another woman home, and God forbid hearing him fucking that woman.

"Hey, what's the matter?" She was jolted for her thoughts by his soft voice and his index finger hooked under her chin lifting her eyes back up to meet his.

Time seemed to freeze as they stood together, locked in each others embrace. She could see the hunger evident in his eyes that it sent a pleasurable chill through her. As she pressed up against the length of his body, she felt his erection against her stomach. He wanted her, and she'd never wanted anyone so badly than at that very moment. She opened her mouth to speak, but no words escaped her. He lowered his mouth to hers. His lips were about second from touching hers when the moment was suddenly shattered by a knock at the door.

"Fuck," he muttered softly, as he straightened back up, saying exactly that she was feeling. "We'll talk in a bit okay?" He loosened his grip on her and she immediately missed his warm, hard body against hers.

Beth nodded and gave him a reassuring smile.

"Come in," Gabriel called out, stepping away from her completely and leading her back to the table with his hand planted firming at the small of her back.

The door opened to reveal a number of servers holding platters of delicious looking and smelling foods.

Oh-my-God! I'm going to have to cook dishes like that! She was going to need more than Peter to cook like that; she was going to need a miracle.

****

"The food was amazing Gabriel. I have no idea how I could even compare to the food they serve there. Even with tutoring from Peter." Beth looked up hesitantly at him as he opened the front door of his home - correction, their home - and ushered her in before him.

Gabriel sighed in exasperation. "I've already told you Beth, if I wanted a gourmet chef I would have hired one. As we have discussed in the contract, you're duties include-"

"Wife without being the wife, maybe minus the sex. I got that," she teased.

Gabriel shook his head, but a smile touched his lips.

"But those dishes were intimidating."

Closing the door and locking it behind them, Gabriel turned to face her. He'd wanted to kiss her all evening. If the waiter hadn't had such fucking bad timing he would have. But would that have been the best of ideas? He raked his fingers through his short dark hair, feelings of indecision rushing through him as he considered it.

After a minute he shook his head. "You'll do fine. You were amazing at coffee shop." With a hand at the small of her back, he urged her towards the winding staircase.

Her sapphire blue eyes peered up at him and she flipped her golden hair over her shoulder as they ascended the stairs. "I served you coffee at the coffee shop. Hardly a testament to my cooking abilities."

He grinned. "I suppose not."

At the top of the staircase both paused and turned to face each other. Gabriel's room was to the left, while Beth's was to the right. The air between them thickened. She had been right; it felt like a date. But if it had been a real date, he'd be pulling her into his arms and ushering her to his bedroom, instead of standing before her as the air between them simmered.

She captured her lower lip between her teeth and his eyes were automatically drawn to her frosted pink painted lips. They were lush and inviting. His cock stirred in his pants and he groaned inwardly.

Not being able to control himself he reached out and touched her cheek with the back of his hand. Her skin felt like satin to the touch and he stepped closer, closing the gap between them. He needed to feel more of her and he was powerless to stop himself. Her breath became ragged as their eyes locked and he saw the fire burning in hers that reflected his body's reaction.

He had to have her, at least one kiss. One. Technically she didn't start work for him until tomorrow. Technically.

As if waiting for the inevitable kiss, she inhaled sharply as he slowly lowered his mouth to hers, giving her a chance to back away. His hand slipped from her cheek to the back of her head and he fisted her long satiny locks, tilting her face up a fraction more and then capturing her lips with his own.

Beth slipped her palms up his chest and to his shoulders. She moaned as his lips touched hers, her body melting against him. Her touch and her moan set off fireworks within him. His cock hardened almost instantaneously as he slipped a hand around her waist and pulled her tight to him, his erection pressing hard against her stomach.

Her lips parted and Gabriel took full advantage of the opportunity, slipping his tongue between her soft lips and exploring her mouth fully tasting the sweetness of the wine on her tongue. His tongue caressed hers, as his hand slid to her backside and he pulled her groin tighter against him.

Fuck he wanted her. Needed her. He didn't think he'd ever wanted a woman so much. What was it about this woman that set him aflame? He had no idea, but she was special. She was a classic beauty that didn't even know it. She was genuine and in the span of a few minutes a day for several months she'd managed to enchant him.

He groaned against her lips and the temptation to lift her up onto his hips and carry her to his bedroom so he could ravage her became too great to withstand. So he released her, stepping back so quickly he nearly stumbled in his haste.

"I'm sorry," he muttered.

He wasn't.

Disappointment flashed in her eyes and she gave him a shy smile. "Don't be."

They stood several feet from each other, both reeling from the kiss and the feelings that came with it. "I'll see you in the morning Beth. Thank you for a great evening."

A soft rose colour touched her cheeks. "Good night Gabriel." Without another word she turned and slowly made her way to her room as he watched.

He even loved the way she said his name, Gabriel, it seemed to roll off her tongue sounding seductive and enticing. What is that saying? If she turns she wants you? He pondered it as he watched her round bottom sway under the fine black material covering it. Damn, what he would love to do to that ass...

As she reached for the door handle of her bedroom she paused and looked over her shoulder at him. Their eyes locked again and he suddenly felt like a school boy with a crush. Get it together, you've dated super models, actresses and heiress' for fucks sakes! But none of them were like or compared to the sweet blonde from the coffee shop. Giving her a half wave he turned and marched off to his own room with the intention of taking care of the throbbing problem in his pants.

****

Beth groaned as her alarm clock began buzzing and attempted to cover her head with her pillow to block out the offending sounds. It was no use. This was her first day at her new job of being Gabriel's personal chef, housekeeper and whatever else that struck his fancy. Giving up on blocking out the alarm clock she pulled herself out of bed and turned it off.

Her head was throbbing. God, how much wine did I drink last night? Judging by the scale of her hangover - too much. Flashes of the previous night came to her. Gabriel had been so handsome and charming and her fear was becoming a reality, she was falling for him. And that kiss! Oh-My-God! If he hadn't stepped back from her and ended the kiss she would have been more than eager to spend the night serving her new boss in whatever way he wanted.

Trying to clear her head of the thoughts of him - he was her boss now, nothing more - she made her way to the shower stripping off her t-shirt and panties as she walked.

A half-hour later, at 6:30am, Beth was dressed in boxers and a fresh t-shirt and was in the kitchen preparing breakfast. Gabriel told her the night before he wanted something nice and simple so she was to prepare eggs over-easy, toast with strawberry jam and bacon. Easy enough right? She hoped it would be as easy as it sounded. She always had a tendency to overcook bacon. Okay, that was a lie, she burnt bacon. Always. She crossed her fingers that wouldn't be the case today.

As it turned out, this morning was no exception.

The sound of Gabriel clearing his throat sounded just as she was about to scoop the bacon from the skillet. Her breath hitched as she spun around and laid eyes on him dressed in a black suit, tie yet to be tied and hanging loose around his neck and the top two buttons of his light blue shirt undone. He was sex personified. The feel of his lips on hers came rushing back to her and the throbbing between her legs began.

"Morning," he greeted sauntering into the kitchen and seating himself onto a bar stool at the breakfast bar across from her. "Something smells... burnt."

Oh dear lord! In the seconds that it took to turn and smile at him the bacon had went from nearly cooked to burnt. She counted backwards from ten slowly trying to calm the frustration welling up within her as she flashed Gabriel a smile and tried to make light of her first failure in the kitchen. "Good thing I'm taking lessons from Peter right?"

"Yes, it's a good thing," he replied, his tone solemn. While his tone may have been solemn, she was relieved to see amusement dance in his eyes.

Her nerves began to calm. At the very least he wasn't angry. Which lead her to the question... Does this man ever get angry? She'd never met someone so easygoing in her life. It was as though he didn't have a single care in the world.

She salvaged his breakfast as best she could as she thought back to her daily encounters with him and couldn't think of a single instance where she'd seen him in a bad mood. With the breakfast plated she was thankful that at least she managed to not screw up the eggs. The toast, was yet another failure. Too dark. She growled to herself as she turned and with a great deal of embarrassment presented him with what he had described as an easy "no brainer" breakfast. "I'm sorry."

He laughed out loud as he looked at her pathetic attempt and then up at her. "Looks... great..."

With a loud huff, she planted a fist on her hip and cocked her head, "Don't lie."

Picking up a piece of charcoaled bacon he took a bite and it crumbed.

She cringed. What in the hell was she thinking taking this job. She blew at a strand of hair that had come loose from her ponytail and fallen over her left eye and grimaced.

Putting the bacon down, he looked up and met her gaze. "Alright, I... Your cooking skills need some work." he held a hand up when she started to protest. "But, I was aware of that and I take full responsibility for this. So don't worry, I expected a learning curve."

A learning curve? He had to be insane if he thought she was getting any better anytime soon.

''Listen, there was something I wanted to talk to you about." The kiss kept coming to the forefront of her mind and she felt she needed to at least apologize for her behaviour the previous night.

"Oh," he cocked a brow at her and gave her that patented Gabriel sex smile that sent her stomach fluttering.

"I'm sorry if I consumed a bit too much wine and then when we got back here, when I-..."

Gabriel placed his elbows on the counter, and steeped his fingers. He leaned over keeping his dark eyes glued to hers, his expression suddenly heated - intense. "Attempted to seduce me?" he offered.

Beth could feel the colour draining from her face as she began to recall the events of the previous evening. Did she really come on that strong? She didn't think so. Sure, she kissed him, or kissed him back, or... Oh God! She remembered the kiss vividly and if she concentrated on the encounter hard enough she could still taste to wine on his lips. The kiss had just happened, she was sure of it.

Upon seeing her distress his face broke out into a grin. "I'm teasing Beth." he reached across the counter and gave her hand a light squeeze. "I kissed you and you responded. It's not a big deal. Okay?"

Not a big deal? She wasn't sure if it was or not. She was slightly disappointed he said it like that. It stung that what would qualify as one amazing moment to her was "no big deal" to him. Well, she decided, at least I know where I stand.

Slowly she nodded. "That's what I was going to say." she shrugged to accent her point. "No big deal." Their gazes continued to hold and her body continued to sing with need for him. Damn it, to her it was a big deal!

Chapter 5

Peter had turned out to be an amazing teacher and an extremely likeable and patient man. Beth was already looking forward to the next lesson, however, being that today was Friday the next lesson wouldn't be until Monday morning. She was confident she'd be preparing gourmet dishes for Gabriel in no time with Peter's tutorage. She still had a few hours before Gabriel was due home so she decided to get some laundry done and was now standing in the middle of Gabriel's massive bedroom and heading for the large mahogany dresser against the back wall, by the door that led to his massive walk-in closet.

The dresser had three columns of four drawers. Sitting the white plastic laundry basket filled with clean, folded clothing in it on the top of the dresser she decided to start with the top left hand drawer and work her way though. It occurred to her for a second that perhaps he wouldn't want her going through his drawers, but it was what she had been hired to do. I'm his cook/maid/personal assistant and anything else he needs and right now he needs his clothing put away, she reasoned, besides, he had no problem sending Gerald rummaging though my stuff.

Opening the first drawer she was confronted with ties. The second made her gasp, her eyes widening in surprise, quickly followed by a grin spreading across her face. Gabriel Reynolds just got a lot more interesting.

She grabbed a thick pink vibrator from the drawer and flipped it on, it buzzed softly in her hand. Giggling softly, she turned it back off and tossed it back in. "Well, well Mr Reynolds you have been a very naughty boy," she said out loud with a chuckle as she then pulled a soft brown leather flogger from the drawer and ran her hand down the length of it.

"Indeed I can be."

Her grin immediately faded as she spun around, her hair fanning out around her head and colour draining from her cheeks. The flogger slipped from her fingers and fell to the floor at her feet. She quickly bent, not taking her eyes off of her new boss, retrieved it and then straightened back up. Before her stood Gabriel, his tie loosened leaning his shoulder against the door jab, one foot crossed casually over the other and regarding her with raw desire. He was pure sex in a tailored suit if she'd ever seen it.

"I'd ask you what you were doing in here, rummaging through my personal affects," he nodded towards the laundry basket as he pushed himself off of the wall and stalked towards her, his expression becoming more intense, so intense that her stomach fluttered and the throbbing between her legs ignited. "But I suppose I can see for myself."

"I... Well, I didn't... I mean," She closed her eyes briefly and tried to calm herself. When she opened them up he was standing before her, less than a foot dividing their bodies. She then realized that she was still holding the flogger, clutched tightly in her hand. She placed it back in the drawer filled with sex toys and shut the drawer. "I'm so sorry Gabriel."

He took another step forward, trapping her between his hard, muscled body and the dresser. His dark eyes flashed, and her breath hitched. What was he thinking? She prayed he wasn't angry, she was coming too really like the idea of working for him. She just needed to control herself around him. She just needed to remain professional and not get emotionally attached.

Gabriel bent down and his lips grazed her ear lobe. His body was yet to actually touch hers, though secretly she wished it would. She moaned involuntarily, as she grasped the dresser behind her for support, her legs failing her. But how could she remain professional when her body reacted to him in such a way?

"I'm sorry," she whispered again.

"Do you like to play Beth?" his voice flowed through her like silk.

Did she like to play? What in the hell did he mean by that? The toys. He wanted to know if she was into... Oh, fuck!

"Mr Reynolds?"

He pulled back slightly so he could look her in the eye. "You just seemed quite... Interested... I was curious to know if you liked to play. I normally wouldn't have brought it up, but since you seemed so... curious," a soft sexy smile tugged at the corners of his lips.

She licked her lower lip as her eyes dropped to his lips. She remembered the kiss from the night before and she wanted to feel his lips on hers again. She wanted to feel his body pressed against hers, feel his hands caressing her bare flesh.

"I've never actually used most of what is in that drawer," her cheeks burned at her confession as she dropped her gaze. He was so intense and her body reacted in turn. The apex between her legs continued to throb and she couldn't stop her hands from reaching up and placing her palms on his shirt clad chest, her fingertips tracing the line of muscle under the fabric.

Placing his index finger under her chin, her lifted her eyes to his and smiled down at her. "Would you like to try?"

Was he serious? She swallowed hard. He had a fairly good sense of humour but something told her he was dead serious about it. She wanted to, God she wanted to, but that could ruin everything. And she was still a little foggy on what exactly play to him entailed.

"You're a beautiful woman Beth. I won't lie. I want you. I've wanted you from the moment I laid eyes on you."

His mouth was so close to hers that their breaths intermingled and began to synchronize. As much as she wanted to listen to the voice of reason, his cologne, his hard body, his presence wouldn't allow for protest as her body demanded that she take what she needed from him. Fisting his shirt, she pulled his mouth down to hers.

Gabriel immediately reacted pressing hard against her body, his growing erection pressing against her stomach as she sucked his lower lip into her mouth playfully.

He groaned, slipping his hand to the back of her head and deepening the kiss. His tongue slipped past her parted lips demanding her tongue's submission. His body was hard and unyielding against hers as he moved against her, enticing her through their clothing.

Beth's fingers worked the buttons of his shirt, anxious to feel the hard muscles beneath. "God, I want you Gabriel," she moaned as his lips left hers and began working their way down her neck. The shivers of anticipation that rushed through her as his lips teased and taunted spurred her desire as she pressed up tighter against him.

Grabbing her by the waist, he lifted her up onto the dresser. "Raise your hands over your head," Gabriel ordered as he straightened, grabbed the hem on her shirt, and tugged it up and over her head, tossing it to the floor. "Beautiful," he whispered, more to himself than to her as his eyes glanced down at her breasts, contained within the black lace covering them.

"Lean back on your elbows."

She did as told enjoying the demanding part of Gabriel's personality as she stared wide-eyed at him, breath bated anxious to see what he had planned for her. The clasp holding the bra together was in the front, so with a flick of his index finger it came undone, and her breasts sprang free for him.

She shuddered as he ran his finger between her amble breasts. Closing her eyes and arching her back, she let her head fall backwards as a soft moan escaped her lips. She needed him to touch her, to touch every inch of her body. Needed it more than she'd ever needed it from anyone before. "Please," she gasped. The anticipation was near killing her.

"Mmmm. I like hearing you beg," he murmured as his hands palmed her breasts, rolling her large pink nipples into long tight nubs. She moaned softly, spreading her legs to relieve the building pressure between them.

Releasing her breasts, he grabbed her bottom, and pulled her groin tight against the ridge of his cock, while his mouth lowered to the first nipple. She moaned louder as his lips took in her tight nipple sucking hard, so hard she cried out from the pleasurable and the pain it caused.

"Oh God, Gabriel!" she gasped. His one hand moved from her bottom to slip under the waistband of her jogging pants to cup her mound.

Dropping the first nipple from his mouth, he pressed a string of soft kisses across her chest to her second nipple. Taking it into his mouth, he nipped at it lightly causing her to cry out again.

She needed more. Needed him - desperately. She began to move against him, her hips bucking against his groin and enticing his cock. Again, the thought that he was her boss popped into her mind. She managed to push it to the back of her consciousness, as his fingers spread the lips of her pussy and he plunged two fingers deep into her wet core.

"Fuck my hand baby," he growled as he let her nipple slip from his mouth to claim her lips once more.

Oh, God! She bucked hard against his hand, her needy pussy wanting more, wanting his thick shaft thrusting into her. Wave after wave of pleasure rushed through her as his fingers expertly stroked her inner wall.

She was coming closer, so close she could barely breathe. "Oh yes Gabriel so good," she cried out breathlessly, her hands fisting the edge of the dresser. Her body began to tense and just as she was about to explode, he quickly slipped his hands from her. Beth wanted to cry out in frustration, damn he was cruel!

He chuckled softly as his lips made their way down the front of her neck, to her chest. She expected him to stop there but he didn't. He trailed a string of kisses between her generous breasts and slowly moving lower, down her torso and to her stomach.

I need to stop this! But her protest never made it to her lips. Beth bit at her lower lip and looked down him watching as he worked his way down her body. The anticipation was excruciating.

Once his lips reached the waistband of her jogging pants he grasped the top her pants and glanced up, his hunger filled eyes catching hers, seeking her approval before continuing. Beth released an unsteady sigh. "Please," she whispered. The voice at the back of her mind pleaded for here to reconsider. It told her this was only going to get her hurt in the end, but she ignored it. Her body was in control now.

No further incentive was needed. Gabriel slowly slid her pants down, kissing his way lower as her skin was revealed to him. Beth watched him, her heart racing, chest heaving and pussy throbbing. As she watched him strip her pants from her, she found herself grateful she'd taken the time that morning to shave, so her mound was now smooth and bare for him.

With her pants off he tossed them to the floor with her t-shirt and spread her legs wide. Gabriel slipped his index finger along her slit, from her anus to her clit, gather her juices and driving her near insanity with need for him. Bringing his finger to his mouth he sucked it in.

"As good as I expected you'd be."

Oh-my-God! His eyes caught hers once more and her breath hitched in her throat as he fell to his knees, spread the lips of her pussy and licked the length of her. Beth moaned loudly, closing her eyes and tossing her head back.

He licked her length again, this time taking a moment to tease her clit with his tongue, flicking and circling the swollen nub, until she was writhing and bucking against his mouth.

"My God, Gabriel! I'm so close!"

Why couldn't he just put her out of her misery? Why tease so cruelly?

Again, he licked the length of her, but this time he returned to her opening. Just when she thought she couldn't take another moment of his sweet torment, he thrust his tongue deep into her, burying his face between her legs. She cried out and gripped the edge of the dressed tightly.

"Is this what you want Beth?" he asked and began to tongue fuck her.

"Oh yes, yes, yes." That and so much more! She wanted him naked, she wanted to feel his hot, beautiful body on hers, she wanted him everyway and everywhere. She would happily tried everything in the drawer if he promised the pleasure would never stop.

As his tongue was rapidly bringing her back to the point of orgasm, his fingers pinched and rolled her quivering clit between them, adding to the rush of sensations vibrating through her body. Her stomach was in knots, her arousal hitting the point of no return.

"Come for me Beth," he ordered as he replaced his tongue with his fingers and then sucked on her clit.

His voice, soft and seductive was all she needed. She screamed out his name as her body tensed, and her pussy tightened around his intruding fingers. Seconds later, her body erupted, and her juices rushed from her, coating his fingers and dripping down her ass.

"That's so good baby," Gabriel whispered, lapping up her juices and then moving back up her body to capture her lips with his own. His lips and tongue tasted of her and it was so arousing she could feel the fire between her legs immediately ignite once again and her need for him grew instead of wane.

When he finally pulled away from her, she was left breathless and needy for more.

He touched the side of her face with his hand and looked down at her affectionately as he straightened up. "I have a couple of things to do in my office. Could you start supper and have it ready for me in an hour?" He gave her another quick, chaste kiss. "I can't wait to see what Peter taught you today."

Turning he made his way to the bedroom door, leaving her light-headed and still yearning for his touch, naked and spread wide on his dresser.

He stopped at the doorway of the bedroom, turned back and flashed her a devilish grin, his eyes sweeping the length of her naked body. "And by the way... the socks and t-shirts are in the third column of drawers."

Beth groaned in frustration. What in the hell had she done? What had just transpired was the exact opposite of what she'd been trying to avoid. Did she want to play? Oh, good God! Was what just happened a teaser for what he wanted from her? Slipping from the dresser, her legs felt like jelly under her and she had to grasp the edge for support. Once she felt steady on her feet she ran a shaky hand through her hair as she gathered up her tossed aside clothing. Could the past few days have gotten any crazier or more confusing? She doubted it.

****

Finishing up with the work he'd left undone to come home early that day, Gabriel changed out of his suit and into a pair of jeans and t-shirt before heading back downstairs to check on the progress of dinner. Pete had given him a good report on her lesson for the day so he was anxious to see the results. According to Pete - based on their first lesson - her biggest problem was her confidence, but in contrast her eagerness to learn was her greatest strength.

As he approached the kitchen the mouth watering aroma of scallops drifted to him causing his stomach to grumble. He didn't enter immediately, instead he leaned his left shoulder against the archway, crossing his arms over his chest and watched her busying herself. His hunger for food was immediately replaced with a deeper, more feral hunger.

It had taken every ounce of strength he possessed to pull himself away from her earlier. He feared he'd seriously overstepped his boundaries with her, but she was so receptive and those soft, sweet moans had driven him near insanity. He swept his tongue across his lower lip and could still faintly taste her and his dick began to harden as a result.

Ahhh, fuck!

Gabriel loved watching her as she attended to the meal. Her forehead creased as she concentrated on what she was doing and she caught her lip between her teeth as she presumably tried to decide if the risotto was cooked properly. However, from where Gabriel was standing, it was the scallops that she needed to be more concerned about.

He rushed over to the stove and removed them from the heat, just as she turned to do so herself. She gasped, surprised to see him appear behind her.

"Baby, they were seconds from being burnt," he explained giving her a smile.

Her face flushed; an attractive rosy colour. "I'm sorry, I was just about to get to them. I was just..." She motioned to the risotto.

"I know." Grabbing a spoon from the drawer holding the utensils, he dipped it into the risotto and tasted. "That is excellent. Creamy. Cooked perfectly, I'm very impressed."

Beaming, Beth looked up at him her blue eyes shining with pride. "Really?"

"Definitely." He dipped the spoon in once more and brought it to her lips. "Try it."

She opened her mouth for him to feed her the risotto. She chewed and swallowed, her smile widening as she nodded her confirmation.

"See, what did I tell you. Even a woman who burns bacon and toast and whose speciality is," he cocked an amused brow at her, "mac and cheese can work wonders in the kitchen under the right tutorage."

"Thank you."

Grabbing a knife from the utensil drawer he sliced one of the scallops in half and popped it into his mouth. Spearing the other half with the fork in hand he offered it to her. She opened her mouth and accepted his offering.

"Also nicely cooked. The flavour is stunning."

"Need I remind you that if you hadn't been here to save the day you would have had burnt scallops," she reminded him, but her wide smile and the hint of pride in her eyes were in contrast to her words.

"Give yourself some credit," he said bumping her hip with his, subtly pushing her out of the way and plating up the food for them both, "you did a good job and I know that by the time Pete finishes with you Monday the fillet I expect from you that night will be equally as good - if not better."

She watched him intently as he expertly plated the food, garnishing it with such finesse that when he was finished it looked as though it would be something served straight from The View.

"You really know your way around a kitchen," Beth commented as he added the finishing touches and carried their plates over to the small kitchen table.

Gabriel grinned at her and gave her a wink, before opening up the wine cabinet to select a wine for the evening. "Let's just say cooking is a passion of mine. One I don't have the luxury to indulge in."

"So again, why me? Why not someone who doesn't need to be trained?" She asked slipping into one of the kitchen chairs.

Selecting a bottle of white wine he grabbed a corkscrew from the counter and made his way over to her and the table. "I could," he started, screwing in the corkscrew, "but I seriously doubt I'd enjoy their company nearly as much as I do yours." His eyes caught hers as he gave the cork a jerk, opening the bottle.

He guessed her mind went rushing back to their little encounter because she diverted her gaze and ran a nervous hand through her long locks. Fuck! And double fuck! He growled at himself as his jaw clenched. He didn't want her to be uncomfortable being around him and that was exactly what he'd done. We'll talk and get this straightened out after dinner, he told himself as he grabbed her wine glass and poured some out to her.

Chapter 6

As Beth made her way to the outdoor swimming pool where she was supposed to meet Gabriel, she still felt uneasy and the black bikini she was wearing was only a small part of the reason. A combination of embarrassment over her wanton behaviour with him earlier and the feelings that were beginning to form within her for him were clouding her judgement. Was she a fling? Was she an employee that things just got out of hand with? Did he usually participate in sexual activities with the women who worked for him?

Her face blanched. Oh-my-god! What if he hired me with the sole thought in mind of having me here for a quick fuck whenever he had the urge for it? The thought was like having a knife jabbed into her stomach.

I have to discuss this with him. I have to make sure.

Her mouth fell agape when she opened the back patio door and stepped out into the warm night air. A soft seductive melody played from hidden speakers and the pool area was lit by tiki torches along the parameter. Combined with a cloudless, starry night sky, it was beautiful in its simplicity. The shimmers of light as the full moon bounced off of the water only added to the romantic atmosphere. She groaned inwardly, could this get any more uncomfortable?

Slowly making her way, with towel in hand to the pool, she watched Gabriel swim laps, his strokes long and powerful. His body appeared to glide over the water. As she stepped down the final step she leaned a shoulder against the porch railing and watched him.

Sensing her arrival, Gabriel finished his final lap and then pulled himself out of the water, in one swift, powerful motion. The water glistened like small diamonds over his body as it ran down his muscular torso to disappear into his forest green swim trunks that rode dangerously low on his hips.

My God, he's gorgeous! She immediately felt a stirring between her legs. Did it really matter why he wanted her there? He wanted her, wasn't that enough? No! No, it's not, a voice in the back of her head screamed out to her, shaking her loose of the trance she'd been in while watching him.

He looked up and his dark eyes caught her. "Come on over the water is perfect tonight," he motioned for her to join him as he sat by the edge, his feet dangling into the pool.

With hesitation she made her way over to him aware that his eyes were examining every inch of her body as she walked. With this knowledge she squared he shoulders and tried to appear more confident than she really was. Placing her towel on the cool cement, she sat down beside him, letting her feet dangle into the water. He wasn't kidding it was just warm enough to take the cool edge off, but cool enough to be refreshing.

"That suit looks... amazing on you Beth," his tone of his voice was low and silky smooth to her ears.

The flutters in her stomach joined the growing ache between her legs. She groaned inwardly. Why did he have to be so damned sexy and charming and... Ugh!

"What's the matter?" Gabriel frowned as he looked over at her.

"I..." she looked over at him and sighed.

"Oh. This is about earlier?"

"Yeah." Taking a deep breath in Beth decided to simply get it out in the open and be done with it. "Why did you hire me?"

Gabriel's frown deepened and as he opened his mouth to speak she held a finger up to his lips. "Don't lie to me."

Taking her hand in his, he kissed the back of her hand lightly. "I like you Beth."

I would fucking hope so all things considered! A small jolt of anger welled up within her. Whoa, where did that come from? Part of Beth wanted to forget about being confrontational and let it go. He looked so genuinely concerned that it tugged at her. But the other part, the more dominant part needed to know the truth.

"But what am I exactly? I joked the other day that I was like a wife without the sex and well... I have a feeling that is where this is headed. The sex part."

His jaw clenched, but he held her gaze, nodding. "And..."

Beth groaned loudly. "Don't you see how wrong that is? This is a sexual harassment suit waiting to happen! Do you have relationships like this with all your cooks slash maids slash personal assistants?"

A grin touched his lips and amusement shone in his eyes as he cocked a brow up at her. "Are you planning to press sexual harassment charges Beth?"

Beth laughed at the silliness of it all. When thinking back to earlier that day, he hardly forced himself onto her. She had more than welcomed, hell she practically begged for it! "No, of course not." She narrowed her eyes at him, "You don't think that it was a little inappropriate? I've been on the job for less than twenty-four hours and you've already seen me naked and..." she could feel the heat rush up to her cheeks, and the desire within her rose as visions of him between her legs came rushing back to her.

"Perhaps it was a little... inappropriate. Does that have to mean it was wrong?"

"Well tell me this," she countered. "The last person you had working in my position. Did you have the same type of working arrangement as you do with me now?"

He chuckled, giving her hand a light squeeze. "Well, to be honest, the last person was a sixty-five year old woman named Gretchen, who quit because she and her husband were moving to Florida. She arrived at 6am and left at 5pm and I assure you I had no desire to touch her in any way inappropriately."

Beth rolled her eyes at him, but couldn't help but laugh a second time. "Please don't make me laugh, I'm being serious."

His attempt to keep a stern expression was nearly as humorous as his words. "And so am I. She was the sweetest woman, been with my family for decades, she practically raised me, but she just wasn't my type. Don't get me wrong knee high stockings can be extremely sexy..."

Pulling her hand from his she gave his shoulder a playful swat, still giggling. "Stop. I get it!"

"But why hire me," she stressed the 'me' part. He was being intentionally elusive, but there was no way she could let it go without a satisfactory answer.

He leaned back on his elbows on the towel he'd laid out previously, causing her to lean back as well, turning to her side facing him, bracing her head with her hand, to watch his expression as he talked. "I've had a slight," he cleared his throat, and even in the dim light of the torch fires, she could see his face redden slightly. It was apparent he wasn't very accustomed to explaining himself to anyone. "A slight crush, if you could call it that, for you for some time now."

Beth couldn't stop the soft giggle that escaped her lips. With all of the models and high-society bimbo's that she'd seen him with in pictures and in the gossip news she had a hard time visualizing Gabriel having a 'crush' on anyone. She would have thought the roles were normally reversed.

He raised a brow at her, amused. "You think I can't have a crush?"

She shook her head. "It's hard to visualize, that's all."

"I see. Well, I have."

"But you date these models and I saw a picture of you with some soap actress."

He grinned and chuckled. "Without the glamour and the make-up, they aren't near as beautiful as they think they are," he stressed the word they, "Besides, most are fake and superficial. Fame does that to people. Not all, but most. And you really can't blame them. When you have thousands - millions even - of people constantly telling you how wonderful, beautiful, talented you are, it's bound to sink it and have an effect."

"I see. So again, why me? Why offer me this job?"

"Do you know what one of the highlights of my day is?" he rolled over to his side so he was facing her directly, mimicking her position by bracing himself up on his elbow.

Beth shrugged.

"Going out of my way each day to stop by the coffee shop to get a cup of that horrid coffee you people serve. It's horrible. I imagine the only reason the shop stays in business is the good looking women it tends to employ."

Beth laughed her agreement with his assessment of the coffee. "So why hire me? Why not just ask me on a date?"

He clucked his tongue off the roof of his mouth. "Alright answer me this. How many times a week did you get hit on by customers?"

It was Beth's turn to blush. She saw where he was going with this and saw his point. "A few or so."

"I didn't like the idea of being another one of those asshole customers. And so when I showed up and realized you were in a situation that I could help with I figured it would be a good chance to get to know you."

"Inviting someone to live with you is a really fucked up way of getting to know them Gabriel," she chided.

"Is it," he agreed, his amusement slowly fading to be replaced with the heated, hungry look that she was becoming very familiar with and sent her pulse racing. He touched her hip, just above the string that tied at her hip, holding the bottom together and slowly trailed his fingertips over her hip, and along her waist.

She wanted to close her eyes and sigh. She wanted to fall into his arms and let him do whatever he pleased with her as long as it meant she could touch him, and feel more of his sweet caress. She needed to get the conversation back on track before he...

Oh good lord!

With his hand stopping just below the side of her breast, he lowered his mouth to hers, gently kissing her. His lips barely touching hers was enough of a tease that the fire within her for him flared up with a vengeance. "We should discuss this Gabriel," she protested, reaching over and flattening her palm against his wet, hard chest, her fingertips tracing the contours of muscle.

He moved over her, pressing her back against the towel, as he nipped at her neck. "Why wouldn't I want you here," he countered, his tongue lashing out and teasing her neck where he'd just gently bit.

"There are more qualified people..." She groaned inwardly as he began to kiss his way down her neck, slipping her arms up over his powerful shoulders.

To her dismay he stopped his teasing to gaze down at her, his eyes catching hers. "You're beautiful, and sweet, and funny, and your smile lightens up my mood no matter how bad it may be," he stated kissing her lightly after stating each attribute. "Why wouldn't I want you near me? I'd have been a fool to have let the opportunity pass me by."

Her ability to keep a clear head was rapidly dissolving as her body took over. "How could you possibly know these things from five minutes a day?" she gasped as his mouth came crashing down onto hers. His kiss was demanding and she happily surrendered to him, no longer concerned with the why's or how's. As their tongue danced, she held tight to him, pulling his hard body down to hers as she moaned against his lips.

His cock, thick and hard under his shorts pressed against her leg, enticing her and she wanted it. Beth slipped a hand from his neck and was about to snake it under the waistband of his shorts when he suddenly - and to her dismay - stopped kissing her and grabbed her wrist.

Her brow creased as she opened her lust filled eyes up to stare at him. What did she do wrong?

A wide, mischievous grin spread across his lips as he stood and extended his hand to her. "Come for a swim with me."

A swim? Damn he's infuriating. She scowled up at him as she took his hand and allowed herself to be pulled to her feet. Her pussy was an inferno of need and she was grateful that her bathing suit bottoms were black, because she could feel her juices soaking them. She chanced a glance down at giant bulge at the front of his trunks and licked her lower lip.

His soft chuckle had her looking back up into his eyes. "Come on. Humour me." He took a step backward pulling her reluctantly along with him.

"But..." she glanced down at the towels that they had just been laying on. "We were..."

Without warning he scooped her up into his arms, lifting her as though she weighted nothing more than a feather. She followed his gaze to the pool and then snapped her head back around to glare up at him, knowing exactly what he had planned. "Oh Mr Reynolds, you wouldn't dare!"

He wiggled his eyebrows at her and without another word tossed her in. She squealed as she found herself flying through the air and then plunging into the warm water feet first. They were at the deeper end of the pool at a depth of ten feet. As her feet hit the bottom she lunged upwards and broke back through the surface sputtering, wiping the water from her face and trying not to laugh. She wanted to be furious as she treaded water, but glancing up at him standing at the edge of the pool laughing at her distraught state, washed the anger away.

When he realized her eyes were on him, he plunged head first into the water, with the skill and grace of a professional diver. Seconds later, he resurfaced a foot away from her, his body once again glistening as the beads of water ran over his shoulders as he treaded water.

"What if I couldn't swim! I would have drown!" she growled, splashing water at him and feigning anger, though in truth she was more amused than anything else.

He laughed as he closed the distance between them. Wrapping an arm around her waist, Gabriel pulled her to him, while moving them toward shallower waters. "I would have saved you."

She moved with him in the water, using one hand to paddle, while slipping the other around his neck. "Would you now?" They made it to the five foot mark, which had the water coming up over her shoulders, while it came to mid-chest on him.

"I would," he confirmed backing her against the cool ceramic tile of the pool wall and then boxing her in, an arm on either side of her head. A deep feral sound came from him as he lowered his mouth to hers and reignited the fire within her.

"My God Gabriel, I can't believe how much I want you." she sighed against his lips as he ghosted his over hers. She wasn't sure what surprised her more the fact she wanted him more than she'd wanted anyone in her lifetime, or the fact that she felt so comfortable admitting it to him. Something about him made her feel liberated and at ease; like she could do or say anything around him and not worry about the consequences.

He chuckled softly his eyes gleaming with amusement and desire. "I'm all yours baby."

She hesitated a moment, staring into his dark eyes. Things were already complicated enough, did she really want to make them even more so? She touched his strong, square jaw. Everything about him was amazing and he wanted her! Without another thought on the matter she slipped her hand behind his head and pulled his mouth down to hers.

Gabriel groaned as his lips came crashing down onto hers with a hunger she'd never felt from anyone before. His body pressed tightly against hers, pinning her between the cool ceramic and his warm, hard body.

Grabbing her thighs, he hoisted her up onto his hips, and pressed her groin up against hers. The hard ridge of her cock, pressed against her pelvis and the only thing she could think about from that point on was how good it was going to feel with him slamming into her.

Gabriel's hand slipped around her as he tugged the ties loose on her bikini top. The top fell open and into the water, exposing her amble breasts to him. "You're breasts are stunning Beth," he said, his mouth working its way down her neck to capture the first nipple between his teeth.

"Oh God!" The feel of his tongue and teeth as they pinched and tormented her nipple sent short rushes of pleasure through her, increasing the fire between her legs. She arched her back, pushing her breasts towards him, aching for more. A soft tug to the strings of her bikini bottom had it joining the top, floating at the top of the water beside them.

"That's not fair!"

He lifted his head to meet her gaze, concerned mixed with his desire in his expression. "What's wrong?"

Cupping his head in her hands she lowered her mouth to kiss him quickly before working a trail of small kisses along his jaw to his earlobe. "Because you've had me naked twice today and I have yet to see that beautiful cock of yours."

"Ahhh fuck Beth!" With one hand supporting her weight on his hips he used the other to push down his swim trunks and moments later they joined her swimsuit floating next to them. His large, eager shaft pressed against her opening, taunting her on what was soon to come.

"That's better," she whispered, wiggling over him, taking the tip of his cock into her quivering core. She was rewarded by a low growl from him as his body tensed up, but he held himself back.

His expression grew serious for a moment. "Are you taking anything Beth?"

"Yes. But haven't had sex for over six months so it was becoming almost pointless."

Gabriel grinned. "Well, then, let's remedy that," he slid his hand into her hair, fisted the long blonde strands and gave her hair a tug, forcing her face to tilt up to him. His mouth came crashing down onto hers, just as he slammed his cock fully into her, stretching her awaiting pussy to its limits and slamming her hard against the tile.

She cried out against his mouth at the sudden invasion. He felt better than she could have imagined. Wrapping her legs tighter around his waist and her arms around his neck she held tight to him as he withdrew and rammed into her a second time. His groan mimicked hers with the second thrust. As he pulled his mouth from hers to catch her eyes, he withdrew and slammed into her a third time.

"Fuck Beth, you feel good," he rasped as he began to increase the pace of his thrusts.

Good didn't even begin to describe the feelings that went rushing through her. The feeling of him filling her was sending wave upon wave of pleasure through her body and quickly escalading her desire to the point of climax.

"Oh... God... So... Do... You," she managed to reply, each word spoken between thrusts and gritted teeth.

The water of the pool around them began to splash and spill over the side as he thrust in and out of her, the head of his dick stroking her g-spot with each inward thrust. Closing her eyes and arching her back, she began to move with him, her body working in perfect sync with his. Her breasts jiggled each time she bucked against him, and her whole body glistened as beads of water splashed and traveled down and around her body.

"I want you coming with me," Gabriel's voice rasped in her ear sending yet another shiver down her spine.

"Oh yes! I want to. I need to." She was getting close, so close. The heat of his breath and the flick of his tongue against the side of her neck was nearly her undoing. His cock throbbed inside of her, readying itself for release.

"I'm coming baby!"

Yes, oh yes yes yes! She leaned forward once more and clung to him as he thrust hard up into her one final time and a gush of his cum shot into her. The feel of his seed slamming against her inner walls took her over the edge with him, she screamed out as her body erupted. Her pussy tightening around his exploding dick and she joined him in the sweet release, her pussy milking his shaft for every last drop of him.

"Oh Gabriel," she whispered, kissing her way along his jaw to his mouth. She pressed her forehead to his. "That was amazing."

"Mmmm. It was." He reached over and brushed a strand of wet hair from her eyes and tucked it behind her ear, as he smiled at her, satisfaction and relief evident in his eyes and handsome features.

A bout of giggles hit her, just as he began to pull his depleted dick from her. She removed her legs from his waist and he slowly set her back down onto her feet. Her knees were weak, so she was grateful for the support of the pool wall at her back.

"I'm not too sure giggling is the reaction I was hoping for after what we just did," he chided.

She placed a kiss on his broad chest and glanced up at him. "I was thinking that it is pretty cliche that you're technically diddling the maid."

"Diddling the maid," he echoed in disbelief, his expression stern, but it was evident that he was holding back a smile. Bending down he slipped an arm under her thighs and pulled her into his arms, then started to wade his way to the pool stairs, not paying any mind to their discarded bathing suits. "I hope you have lots of energy left baby, cause I'm not even close to finished, diddling the maid tonight."

Beth's heart began to race with excitement as she considered what he may have in store for her when they got to wherever it was he was taking her.

Chapter 7

"Diddling the maid," Gabriel murmured to himself with an amused smile on his lips as he watched Beth sleep - snoring softly - beside him, her golden hair fanned out around her head. Not being able to hold himself back, he reached over and traced her delicate jaw with his index finger. She moaned softly and snuggled up to him. Kissing her temple, he wrapped his arms around her, holding her tight.

She'd wanted to sleep in her room, stating that she didn't want to confuse the relationship. As far as he was concerned they were long past confusing things and he wasn't entirely upset about it. Why couldn't they keep things professional? He'd admit that perhaps he'd gone about things the wrong way and this could be a potential time bomb waiting to happen, especially when she fully discovered what he was really into; sexually.

He glanced over at the drawer she'd opened earlier that evening. That was only a small glimpse into his life and his collection. She'd seemed interested in what was inside and not put off, so perhaps there was some hope that she'd be able to share his lifestyle. He'd take it slow and easy with her if need be, though he supposed since tomorrow was Saturday and he didn't work on the weekends, unless it was absolutely necessary, they could discuss his sexual lifestyle then.

He had a good feeling about her. He'd been in relationships before, but none had him captivated like the little vixen next to him, with her girl-next-door innocence and beauty. He'd felt it from the first day he'd laid eyes on her, when she had served him that very first cup of coffee. He was a man who was very comfortable with taking chances and he saw Beth as a fairly low risk gamble.

****

Not yet fully awake, Beth felt the area of the bed next to her to discover Gabriel missing. Her eyes fluttered open to find herself alone in his massive bedroom. Glancing up at the brass clock mounted on the opposite wall she began to panic. Oh-my-God, it's almost noon!

Flinging the blankets off of her naked body she leapt from the bed. She swore to herself that she wasn't going to let whatever it was that was going on between her and Gabriel affect her work for him. The last thing she wanted to do is take advantage of the situation or worse yet start feeling like she was being paid for sex rather than what she was hired to do. But here she was the day after fucking her boss, not up to fulfill her duties and prepare breakfast for him.

Rushing down the hall to her own bedroom she hopped into the shower and took the quickest shower of her life. After the shower she grabbed a pair of "Scooby-Doo" boxer shorts and chocolate brown form fitting t-shirt and rushed down the flight of stairs to the kitchen.

As she approached the kitchen a delicious aroma assaulted her nostrils and her stomach began to grumble. Oh God, that smells amazing! She froze in her place as she entered the kitchen and watched Gabriel as he masterfully prepared lunch, shirtless and barefoot, wearing only a pair of grey jogging pants that hung low on his hips. For at least the thousandth time since she'd met him she was taken away by how gorgeous he was.

His back was to her as he focused on the task at hand giving her a moment to watch him. Sensing her behind him he waved to the small two person table. "It's almost ready. I've a place set out for you already."

"You realize that is my job," she reminded him as she made her way across the kitchen to sit at the table, there was a seafood salad and warm biscuits already waiting for her there. "So what are you making," she asked straining her neck to see what he was doing. Her stomach grumbled as the delicious scents continued to drift over to her.

"Well as for it being your job. True. But I saw what you did with the bacon and toast yesterday so unless I want to eat scallops and risotto all weekend I think I'll handle the cooking."

"But, it's what you're paying me to do-"

He glanced over at her and smiled. "True again. But you have other duties besides the kitchen."

Her mind immediately went back to the previous night and the hours they spent enjoying the feel of each others body. How many orgasms did she have? She lost count. He had been insatiable and just the thought of the previous night had a blush forming on her cheeks.

''And we already discussed the duties didn't necessarily include what happened last night." he reminded her, as if reading her mind.

Her blush deepened and she found it suddenly hard to look him in the eye.

Gabriel decided to pretend not to notice her uneasiness. "And to answer your second question I prepared some seafood chowder. It's a little heavy for the time of day, but I had a hankering." Scooping out two portions of the chowder Gabriel made his way over to the table and set a steaming bowl of it in front of her and then sat down opposite of her with his serving.

"Smells. Amazing. My grandmother used to make the most delicious seafood chowder.'' Beth picked up her spoon and dipped it in. Bringing the steaming hot chowder to her mouth, she blew on it gently, aware that Gabriel's eyes were glued to her.

"I say shame on anyone living in New England who can't prepare a chowder."

Beth cringed as she lifted guilty eyes up at him.

"Present company excluded, of course." Gabriel chuckled, watching her for a reaction, but not touching his utensils. Apparently, he had no intention of eating until he had her opinion on the food.

Plopping the spoonful of chowder in her mouth, she felt like moaning from the amazing favours of the creamy soup and the perfectly cooked chunks of lobster and fish. "This is delicious." Gabriel's grin widened. "Almost as good as my Grams," she added with a wink. "So what's in it?" She scooped up another portion and popped it into her mouth.

Gabriel frowned. "Why don't you tell me. Let's test that little palate of yours."

Ahhh shit! she sighed. Okay, I can do this... "Lobster."

"That's an easy one. Go on."

"Clams."

He nodded.

Beth scooped up another helping and thrust it into her mouth savouring the creamy mixture. "Scallops."

"Two more then I want to know the seasonings in the broth."

Beth's eyes widened. Was he fucking serious? She felt like reminding him once more that she was not a chef and had never had skills in the kitchen. How was she supposed to know?

"It's very important to be able to distinguish tastes in food and be able to pick out the flavourings. It will greatly improve your skills when you are able to identify and break down a recipe simply by tasting a dish."

Beth nodded. Okay, she got that. Here was the problem. She spent most of her life living off of frozen quickie foods, most of which bore only a slight resemblance to what he'd consider real food. But they were cheap which was why she bought them. Just realizing this reminded her that he was way out of her league. But he likes you, the voice at the back of her mind responded to her self-doubt.

Deciding to at least give it a shot she scooped up another bite. "Haddock."

He nodded. "Very good."

As much as she'd have liked to give credit to her palate for that answer it was more of a logical guess than anything else.

"Alright, the final fish then we move onto the broth." He scooped up a spoonful and began to eat as he kept his eyes glued to her.

Damn, damn, damn. She had no clue, not even a guess. After a couple of minutes trying to decipher she shook her head, giving him a wry smile. "I don't know."

"Alright. What vegetables?"

"Potatoes."

"Alright, that was a given, but good."

He made her feel like she was in high school again, trying to ace an oral exam. She squirmed uncomfortably in her seat. "Onion." Another given answer.

He nodded.

She gave him an apologetic smile. "If there's any other vegetables in there I can't taste them."

He beamed at her with a reassuring nod. "Seasoning."

"Salt and pepper."

Gabriel rolled his eyes, as if to say she was stating the obvious, but nodded.

She had no idea from there. Didn't her Grams always put thyme in hers? She eyed Gabriel closely as though if she looked at him long enough the answer would appear on his forehead for her to see. She sighed, "Thyme?"

He laughed, "Your grandmother's recipe?"

She opened her mouth to protest, but instead she nodded guiltily. "Yeah."

"Well, finish up eating. Try some of the salad and biscuits," he ordered grabbing a biscuit himself, slicing it in half and buttering it up.

"Well, did I get it right?" She sincerely wanted to know. His enthusiasm for cooking and her sudden need to please him made it impossible for her not to want to know.

He clucked his tongue off of the roof of his mouth and then gave her a wink. "Can't tell ya. But I'll let you know when you're ready." He pointed to her near empty bowl. "Now finish up I have a big day planned for us."

She groaned inwardly, itching to toss one of the biscuits at him, but they looked to scrumptious to waste in a food fight. As she finished eating she couldn't help but wonder what he had in store for them.

****

"What I would like to know, is in what world, this constitutes work?" Beth raised a cynical brow at Gabriel as he took aim and once again missed capturing the neck of the glass bottle with the red ring.

Gabriel straightened up and smiled over a Beth, who was reclining against the counter of the ring toss booth, at the annual Portland fair watching him in amusement. "Well, considering you've been forced to stay here twenty minutes and counting while I fail repeatedly to do this, I would constitute that as work." Pulling out his wallet he dug out another bill and handed it to the middle-aged, toothless male carnie manning the game and was rewarded with another pail of rings.

Beth pointed to the bear hanging from the game station ceiling. "You realize you could have easily paid for one for well less than it has cost you so far to attempt to win."

Gabriel huffed. "Yeah, I know," he grumbled, tossing a ring and growling as with a faint ting sound it went flying off of the bottle top and onto the floor with the rest of his failures. But it was now a matter of principal more than anything. The large pink teddy bear hanging from the ceiling of the booth taunted him. He'd be damned if he was going to walk away without Beth having that bear. He ignored the fact that she seemed more interested in teasing him than the prize.

He tossed several more rings, each one making an annoying ting before adding to his pile of failures. This was getting ridiculous and he knew it.

Beth pushed off of the counter and wrapped her arms around him from behind, kissing the back of his neck. "I think we found the one and only thing that Mr Reynolds can't do," she whispered in his ear.

The feel of her lips on his neck, made him want to forget the fair, take her home and introduce her to more intense activities, but he pushed down the urge. He wanted to spend more time with her, in a carefree and fun environment, because admittedly he was having some confusion over what he wanted from her.

Beth was sweet, sexy and as he was finding out today an extremely fun woman to be around. She was the type of woman that he could seriously see himself being with, for the long run. The sex had been phenomenal the previous night and hopefully she would be open to a little more diversified play tonight.

But for the moment he needed only one thing... To win that damned bear...

Noticing her amused grin he stepped back from the counter and motioned towards the bucket which had a few rings remaining. "By all means, let's see what you have."

She looked at the bucket, up at him and then back to the bucket. Taking her bottom lip between her teeth she took a moment before nodding. "You promise this won't bruise your male ego if I land this?" she asked pulling a ring from the bucket.

Crossing his arms over his chest he shook his head. "Not in the least baby. Show me how it's done," He teased not really expecting to see her pull it off.

He watched in amusement as she lined up her toss, taking careful aim and with a flick of the wrist the ring went flying through the air and effortlessly landed around the neck of one of the bottles towards the middle.

Gabriel's mouth dropped open, but quickly turned into a grin as the carnie announced that they had a winner and pulled the large pink bear from the hook and handed it to Beth. She hugged it tight to her as she turned her back to the booth to smile up at Gabriel.

She looked so sweet and delighted with herself that he couldn't have felt envious if he wanted to. But that didn't mean he couldn't tease her a little bit. "Okay, so spill. How did you manage to win that?"

Her grin widened telling she wasn't entirely innocent. She shrugged. "Lucky I guess."

Slipping an arm around her waist he pulled her close to him and they began walking from the booth. "You're lying. You know something I don't know." The guilty giggle solidified the theory for him, now he had to know. "Spill it and I'll buy you a corn dog."

Laughing freely, she slipped her free arm around him, and gave him a partial hug. "Boy, do you ever know a way to a girls' heart Gabe."

Gabe? He normally cringed at the nickname that his pal Pete used, but the way she said it, it didn't sound so bad and having her arms wrapped around him as they walked didn't feel too bad either. Perhaps there was something to be said about having a normal relationship. He had yet to figure out what in the fuck this was; he pushed that problem to the back of his mind. Why was he forced to define something straight away anyhow?

"So what do you say? Fill me in." He steered her through the mainway to the concessions stands. The day was slowly giving way to the night, turning the fairgrounds into an array of colourful lights and blaring music.

"Well, since you're offering a corndog. My older brother worked as a carnie for a couple of years. He told me all the tricks to the games and whenever the fair was in town he'd take me after hours to play the games, showing me how to beat them."

"Okay, so how do you win the ring toss?"

"It's all in the wrist baby."

Gabriel frowned. "Be more specific."

She crinkled her nose up at him. "Nah. Once you tell me the secret behind the chowder then maybe I'll tell you the secret behind the ring toss."

Chapter 8

"Gabriel Reynolds eating a corndog, now that's a sight," Beth teased taking a bite into hers. It was delicious.

Gabriel laughed. "Well sometimes we just have to break down and rough it." He dipped the tip of his in a tiny bowl of ketchup. "I was once told that if you have to cover your food in condiments then it's not really food."

"Hey, I never said it was quality. Just that it was fucking good." Beth gave a little chuckle shifting her gaze back to her corndog.

"Okay, you win." He took another bite from the dog. "It is a pretty tasty change," he finally admitted with a little smirk on his face. He pointed to her half eaten dog as he pulled the remaining piece of his corn dog from the stick and popped it into his mouth. "Eat up. We have the double ferris wheel to ride in a moment."

Beth looked over at the two rotating wheels of the double ferris wheel and a shimmer of excitement rushed through her. She loved the rides. They'd been on everything at the park and were saving that for last. She was really surprised at how much fun Gabriel really was. And the looks of appreciation that he received from many of the women at the fair didn't go unnoticed by her as well. It made her blood boil to see other women looking at him.

He wasn't hers and he never claimed to be. By his own admission the kiss had been "no big deal." Did yesterday change anything? If it did he didn't let on. Again, she reminded herself not to get emotionally attached. He was her employer. An amazing fuck. And now a good friend. Until she knew otherwise, she needed to keep those things in mind.

Taking the last bite of her dog, she tossed the stick and ketchup in the overflowing garbage can and they made their way hand-in-hand across the fairgrounds towards the wheel.

"So how did you learn how to cook?"

"Well, I've always loved cooking and had no interest in business, though my parents insisted I get involved with the running of the company at an early age. However, instead of going to one of the Ivy League schools and taking business like my parents - my father especially - wanted, I went to culinary school."

Well, that would explain his ease around the kitchen. "So why are you running a company instead of your own restaurant?"

They got in line for the ferris wheel and patiently waited as people were slowly loaded into each car. When it came their turn Gabriel passed something other than tickets to the attendant who pocketed it. He then leaned in to whisper something to the teenage ride operator.

Beth seated her four foot tall teddy in the seat next to her as Gabriel slid in beside her. Once they were secured, the ride jerked upward with a squeal. If Beth hadn't grown up around old crankily rides she may have been concerned about the maintenance of this particular one.

As they began to move for the next set of people to hop on he answered her. "Well, I had almost completed the program when my parents died. Their private plane crashed, killing them and the pilot. So I didn't feel I had a choice. I couldn't bear the thought of some stranger running the company that my grandfather founded and my father loved. So I stepped in and had to settle for owning restaurants rather then being in them cooking."

"Well, do you even like running the company?"

He gave her a wry grin. "I'm good at it."

"That didn't really answer my question... Just because you're good at something doesn't mean you have to like it. I was pretty good at my job at the coffee shop and I hated every second of it."

"Good point. But I had an obligation to fulfill."

Beth nodded. She understood his reasoning, but it still felt so unfair for him to be doing something he hated.

"And don't get me wrong it's not all bad, I certainly can't complain from the financial perspective and I am the boss so that certainly has its benefits. It's just not what I'd hoped for myself." he shrugged. "Money isn't everything."

"But it helps," Beth countered.

Any further conversation was put on hold as the ride finally filled and it began to move at a steady, quick pace. The car they sat in, rocked back and forth, allowing for a birds eyes view of the entire park, thousands of coloured lights twinkled below them. "Isn't it beautiful?" Beth asked with a warm smile on her face.

"It is," Gabriel confirmed.

Beth glanced over at Gabriel, her eyes catching his and realized that it wasn't the park below that he was referring to. She ran a shaky hand through her hair. She was beginning to become familiar with the look he was giving her. His look was dark, heated and sexy, making her stomach do flip flops and her pussy ache.

"Gabriel..." The ferris wheel came to a full stop just as their car topped the ride. Their car rocked with the sudden stopping and Beth immediately focused her attention on their surroundings and the people in the other cars muttering their displeasure from the stop. They could see everything. The fairgrounds and well into the city of Portland. It was a breathtaking view. She glanced over at Gabriel who was grinning. "You paid him to stop the wheel didn't you?"

"Guilty."

She sat back in her seat and snuggled closer to Gabriel, "How long do we have?"

"Five minutes was as long as he would stall it."

"Hmmm. Well, I guess that rules out sex on a ferris wheel," she teased, turning partway in her seat so she could look up at him. His whole demeanour was relaxed and carefree. She liked it. At that moment she was able to forget that he was her boss and she was his employee, and that he was severely out of her league - a thought that kept creeping into her mind.

"Well, Miss Wilmington that is a very appealing idea. Perhaps I should have offered him more money." He cupped her chin in his hand and lowered his mouth to hers.

Beth smiled as his lips touched hers. As usual, the simple touch of his lips set her body aflame. With a sigh, she parted her lips to him needing to feel more as she slid her hand around his neck, urging him to take more. He obliged, his tongue sweeping past her parted lips to caress hers. She ached to reposition herself over him, straddling his lap, but the bar kept her seated and their contact restricted.

"My God, what you do to me Beth," he murmured, pulling his lips from hers slightly as he touched her cheek.

What she did to him? Then he must have had no idea her body's reaction to him. Beth couldn't speak. She could only stare up at him. She felt the same way. Why of all men did she have to find herself falling for Gabriel.

When she was growing up she had a tendency to bring home, as her mother would call them, the riff-raf of the community. Men who were destined to be incarcerated for some crime or who had a promising career as a grocery store clerk. Her mother would tell her that it was just as easy to love a rich man as it was a poor one. She never believed it, but here she was with the most amazing man she'd ever met and she was falling.

Before she had a chance to respond his lips claimed hers once more, harder and with more urgency than before. She fisted the front of his black t-shirt, as the throbbing between her legs increased. "I want you Gabe," she whispered against his lips.

He growled low and deep, slipping a hand to the back of her head and fisting her hair. She yelped, more in surprise than from the slight pain as he gave her hair a jerk, exposing her neck to him. His lips touched her neck, his tongue flicking at the sensitive flesh. She closed her eyes and moaned softly as pleasure rushed through her.

Oh-my-God, is this real? It felt like a dream. Like one beautiful, romantic dream, sitting atop a gigantic ferris wheel while such a beautiful, amazing man touched and kissed her so expertly. Gabriel's mouth made its way down her neck until he reached her collarbone and as if on cue when he reached that point the wheel squealed and jolted forward. Their time was up.

****

"I just have to take a moment and make a few phone calls. I won't be long." Gabriel released her hand and strode off towards the wing of the house that contained his office, leaving Beth sitting on the sofa in the living room the big screen 3D television in front of her and the big pink teddy bear sitting in the armchair to her left.

Beth began to flip through channels almost mechanically, but nothing was catching her attention. Her thoughts were completely of Gabriel and their day together. Maybe she'd been too hard on Gabriel. Maybe she did mean a little more to him than a convenient fuck. Sure, he was hardy in love with her, but he liked her - smitten even.

Just when she found herself a reality television show that caught her interest the doorbell rang. At first it didn't seem peculiar to her that someone would be at the door, but by the time she reached the front door it occurred to her that the person on the other side of the massive oak door knew the passcode to get past the front gate without being buzzed in.

Who in the hell can it be? She crinkled her nose as she flung the door open and came face to face with a tall, slender blonde-haired woman wearing a trench coat that fell to her knees. The woman looked oddly familiar, though she couldn't quite place her. She had a sinking feeling in her stomach however.

The woman glared at her with open hostility, her eyes travelling up and down Beth, making her feel extremely self-conscious about her ripped blue jeans and tank top. "So you're the new help, I assume." She brushed past Beth, without waiting for a proper invitation.

What the hell?

"Where's Gabriel?"

"Ummm... He's-"

"Never mind. I'll find him." She waved a dismissive hand at Beth and took off in the way of Gabriel's office.

Beth watched the woman not sure if she should stop her, or let her go. She seemed to know her way around and she did know the passcode. So who was she? A tinge of jealousy reared up within Beth as she watched the other woman saunter off. With her curiosity getting the best of her she made her way up upstairs to her bedroom.

Once inside her room, she closed the door behind her, sat at her desk and booted up her laptop. She did a quick search on the internet for Gabriel. In particular, Gabriel and his dates. Sure enough, within a few minutes of searching a picture of Gabriel with the blonde woman appeared on the screen.

Chyna Petrova. Model, turned actress. Damn, damn damn. She continued her search, discovering Chyna was Gabriel's most recent fling, but they reportedly split several weeks ago. Well, why is she here and why hasn't he changed the code? Forgot maybe? Gabriel didn't strike her as the kind of man to overlook such things as forgetting to change security codes, but on the other hand maybe he just didn't feel it was necessary.

She was tempted to go downstairs, peek her head into his office and offer them coffee or refreshments. Isn't that what a good chef-slash-maid would do? But what if they were in the middle of something she didn't want to know about? She raked a hand through her hair and sighed. No, she'd do nothing. She'd read a book for a while and go to bed. Simple as that, getting emotionally and physically involved with Gabriel had been a bad idea and this proved it.

****

"You're a fucking asshole Gabriel Reynolds!" Chyna snarled storming out of his front door.

Closing the door behind Chyna, Gabriel let out a loud sigh of relief. Fuckin' finally! He was seriously having doubts he'd ever get her out of the house without calling security. Chyna wasn't the type of girl to take rejection well so when he'd decided to end the relationship, partly to sexual incompatibility issues, but mostly because she was a self-centered snob, she'd been less then thrilled, but she had seemed to have accepted it.

Until tonight.

He couldn't have been more shocked to see her strolling into his office, stripping off her trench coat to reveal she was naked underneath. She told him that she'd offer him whatever it took. She'd be his sub if that meant they could try again. He knew she could never be a sub and that still didn't fix the biggest issue. He really didn't like her all that much.

Why Beth let her onto the property without consulting with him first was beyond him, but he intended to find out. Doing a brief sweep of the main rooms and turning up empty on the Beth front, Gabriel took the stairs two at a time as he made his way up to the second floor and headed straight to her room. The door was open and the light on. Gabriel was pleased to see she had stayed up, despite it being past midnight.

"Hey Beth... I'm sorry about that interruption," he began as he strode into her room. Gabriel skidded to a halt as he caught sight of Beth curled up in a ball, still wearing her jeans and snoring soundly with a book in her hand. A warmness washed over him as he stood in the entryway of her room watching her.

The greedy part of him was tempted to wake her, but he simply didn't have the heart to. Walking as quietly as possible across the room he bent and took the book from her fingertips - some sappy romance novel with a steroid pumping goon holding a sword on the front cover - dog-eared the page she was on and set on it the night table. Grabbing the top of her knit blanket he pulled it up over her, to her chin, and then leaned down and kissed her on the temple.

"Goodnight baby," he whispered as he straightened back up and turned off her reading lamp. As he exited the room he didn't take notice of her eyes opening and watching him leave.

Chapter 9

Beth heard Gabriel come into the kitchen, but pretended to be too preoccupied with preparing breakfast to have noticed. His footsteps sounded behind her, and her heartbeat accelerated with each step he took. By the time he made it to her she could feel her heart thudding so hard in her chest that she was sure he'd be able to hear it beating.

Stay strong, you decided last night to keep this strictly professional from here on in, the voice at the back of her mind reminded her. She knew she made herself the promise, but his cologne was now reaching her nose and it smelt so divine. All Gabriel. She gulped down the lump forming in her throat.

"Good morning. I'm sorry about last night. You were asleep when I went looking for you." Gabriel wrapped his arms around her waist and nuzzled the side of her neck.

She stiffened in his embrace, to keep herself from melting into his arms. It would be so easy to just roll with it and lose herself in him again. She'd like nothing more than that actually. "Morning Gabriel," she replied solemnly.

"I have a fun day planned for us after breakfast."

Gotta stay strong. "Is it business related?"

Gabriel stopped nuzzling her neck and took a step back from her. A part of her cried out in frustration as the sweet sensations that were beginning to get her wet and cause a fluttering in her stomach immediately stopped. "Beth, what's wrong?"

Taking a deep breath to gather the courage she needed to say what she needed to, she spun around to face him. Her resolve faltered as she noticed the concern in his eyes and expression. "I think us getting involved beyond an employer/employee basis is a bad idea and I feel its best if we-" she lowered her eyes to the floor between their feet.

He placed his index finger under her chin and tilted her eyes up to meet his once more. "Are you saying that because it's what you really want or are you just scared of what might happen between us?"

"Gabe..." Not wanting to discuss it any further or continue to have his dark eyes staring into hers she attempted to turn away, but he grabbed her upper arm and spun her back around to face him.

"Is it Chyna? Nothing happened last night between us. I seriously doubt she'll ever be back."

Why did he have to make it so difficult? His eyes coaxed her to tell him the truth and she found herself unable to keep from spilling what she felt to him. "I'm not like them," she murmured avoiding eye contact at all costs.

Gabriel's frowned deepened. "I'm not following you Beth."

"The women you date. I'm not anything like them. I'm your maid!''

He raked a hand through his short dark hair and shook his head. "We're been through this already. I want to be with you because you're not like them!" Smoke began to rise from the pan she had on the stove top behind her. "Fuck!" Leaning over her, his hard, lean body pressing hers against the countertop, he turned off the stove and removed the burnt food from the heat.

She waved at their burnt breakfast, in disgust with herself. "I can't even do the job properly." She fought back tears threatening to well up in her eyes.

"I don't give a shit about breakfast Beth, so don't change the subject. You want to discuss this, well then, let's discuss this," his voice had risen, not a lot, but considering he was always so calm and collected the slight shift in tone and volume was slightly unsettling.

Her own temper ignited as they glared at each other. Fine! He wants honesty, he'll get it! "I am not going to be a fling. And I'm not going to be used," she growled, planting her fists on her hips and daring him to say the wrong thing.

Gabriel closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. Taking a deep breath in, he held it for a few moments before releasing it in a loud huff. He shook his head as he opened his dark eyes back up, the anger rapidly leaving them. "When did I ever say you were? And why would you ever think..."

She chewed at her lower lip as she considered it. Sure, he hadn't actually said she was, but what else could she be? His girlfriend? She scoffed at the idea, it could never work.

"Damn woman. Why would you think I considered you that? Have I given you any reason to feel that way?" His jaw clenched and he was visibly fighting to remain in control.

Beth shook her head. A stray strand of hair fell over her eye and before she could brush it back, Gabriel reached up and did it for her.

"I need to share something with you," he stated taking her hand in his, "Come with me."

Beth was tempted to refuse, but her reserve was already faltering. Maybe I'm just overreacting? The least I could do is give him a chance to explain. "So what happened with Chyna last night?" she asked as he led her up the staircase. "And where are you taking me?"

"I restated to her that I had no interest in her romantically and that it would be appreciated if she no longer stopped by for anything other than business reasons."

"And how did she respond?" A rush of happiness flowed through Beth hearing him say that, but she quickly pushed the emotion down. She couldn't allow herself to be excited over this, because that would mean she wanted him. And she couldn't want him because she'd only get hurt in the process. She'd taken chances on men before and it turned out horribly bad.

They reached the second floor and he gave her hand a tug leading her towards his bedroom. "She called me a number of unsavoury names and left. Which reminds me. Please do not buzz anyone that you are unfamiliar with past the main gate without my permission."

"I didn't, I just opened the door when she knocked. She knew the code."

Gabriel stopped in mid-stride and frowned. "Shit, I must have forgotten to change the passcode once we broke up. I could have sworn I had changed it though." With a shrug, he gave her hand a squeeze and tug as they continued on their way.

"So what is it you need to show me Gabriel? And why is it in your bedroom?" she asked as she found herself facing his bedroom door.

"I need to show you a part of who I am. It's part of the problem I have with women. I don't share this part of me with many women, so just keep an open mind," he turned to face her, his eyes pleading, "please."

She gulped. She was beginning to fear what he had to show her. However, a smile and his light chuckle helped relieve some of the uncertainty.

"I don't think it's as bad as what you may be thinking by the look of your face."

Beth blushed as he ushered her into the bedroom. "Well. No. I just. I'm not sure what I think, but you don't make it sound like I'm going to be pleased."

He grinned down at her, his dark eyes blazing and sending a shiver through her. "You never know. You may find what I have to show you very pleasing." Walking over to what she had assumed was a second closet, he opened up the door and ushered her into the dark, windowless room. Following behind her, he flipped on the light switch and a faint glow illuminated the room from scones along the walls.

Beth's eyes widened as she surveyed the contents of the small room. Against the back wall was a large metal X with restraints attached to it, she knew the name for it, it was on the tip of her tongue, but it refused to come to her mind at that moment. Four chains dangled down from the ceiling with leather cuffs dangling from them. A spanking bench was to her right, a swing to her left and a couple of machines that she was unfamiliar with towards the back. It was the ultimate collection of BDSM equipment as far as she could tell.

She could feel his eyes on her as she entered the room, and just the feel of his eyes sent a shiver of anticipation through her and her breath hitched. She walked slowly through the room, examining everything. She fingered one of the leather cuffs suspended from the ceiling and wondered how many women he'd had suspended in them. The thought of another woman in here sparked another shot of jealousy. She swallowed and pushed it down.

"You haven't got a look of horror on your face so I will take that as a good sign."

She whipped her head around to look at him, her hair fanning out around her head. Her breath caught in her throat as her eyes caught his. He was leaning against the wall, arms crossed over his chest, and his dark eyes had turned predatory. Dangerous. The look in his eyes caused a stirring between her legs. There was no question in her mind what exactly he was. Gabriel Reynolds - the Dom. The thought excited her more than she would have imagined.

Beth had been fascinated with the world of BDSM for years, but never had the nerve to step out of her comfort zone and either seek out a partner or suggest to someone she was sexual with to experiment with it. His question of whether she liked to 'play' or not, when he'd found her looking through his toys made perfect sense now.

"How many women have you had in here?" she couldn't keep herself from asking. She knew it was none of her business, but at the same time he had said there were issues between him and previous relationships because of his sexual appetite and preferences. She assumed this would be the reason.

"Not many. Most of the women I date are very," he took a deep breath in and sighed loudly as if considering his words, "controlling. Even the illusion of giving up control for them is unthinkable." He rolled his eyes at the word unthinkable and Beth couldn't help but laugh. Yes, she could imagine. She'd done the research on the women he tended towards and had felt she had a pretty solid grasp on the type of people they were. Her grin faded as he pushed himself from the wall and stalked over to her. She gulped and took an instinctual step back.

"I see," she whispered as he finished closing the distance between them. His body, hard and enticing was mere inches from hers as he slipped a hand to the back of her head and fisted her hair and lowered his lips to hers. All thoughts of insecurity and indecision towards him and their arrangement washed away and she fell into his arms, slipping her arms around his neck and surrendering to his probing tongue. His tongue invaded her mouth, demanding her surrender.

His hand tightened into her hair and he gave it a tug, forcing her to lift her chin and expose her long ivory neck to him. "Do you want to play Beth?" His voice was so deep, and sexy. It was like liquid satin to her ears and she moaned her response. Yessss...! As her pussy ignited into a raging inferno and her panties grew increasingly wet with her arousal the only thing she could think about was allowing him to do anything he wanted to her. She wanted to give herself to him. Nothing would please and excite her more than pleasing the handsome man whose mouth was now making its way down her neck.

"Teach me Gabe," she managed to gasp, gripping tight to his shoulders. She pressed her body tighter to his, and felt the ridge of his arousal through their layers of clothing.

Once he reached her collarbone, he pulled away and took a step back from her and her body immediately longed to be back in his embrace. She was tempted to close the distance once more, but restrained herself. Instead, she stood in the center of the room, in her shorts and t-shirt waiting for him to tell her want he wanted. She may have been green when it came to this type of play, but she was hardly naive.

He rubbed his chin, which was showing just the faint hint of shadow. He looked so damned sexy, his gaze so piercing as his eyes leisurely examined every inch of her that it made her weak in the knees and sent her heart racing.

"Are you sure?" His eyes locked onto hers.

Beth nodded. "Yes." His expression darkened, like he was expecting more. "Yes... Master?"

A soft growl like noise came from him, and his eyes lit up with excitement and pleasure. "Smart girl. I like that."

A rush of pride raced through her. She could do this and she was going to love it. She fought the grin of delight that threatened to touch her lips. She doubted that would be welcome in this scenario.

"You know about safewords, I assume?"

She nodded, her stomach doing flip flops. She was nervous and excited and a hundred other emotions all at once. Her nervousness had more to do with not knowing what would happen exactly, and nothing to do with her trust in him. It was at that moment she realized just how much she did trust him.

****

Gabriel was so hard he thought he was going to explode. He didn't expect her to be so open and willing and certainly didn't expect to be doing this now. He could see a slight nervousness in her eyes, so he had to keep reminding himself to take things easy on her. When she called him Master, in her soft, sweet voice; it was like fucking music to his ears. Now he just had to figure out what he was going to do with her for the first session. First of many he hoped.

"Think of a safeword and tell me what it is after you've undressed for me."

She hesitated. "Anything, Master?"

There was that Master again. He clinched his jaw holding himself back. She was a fucking dream come true. Anything."

She nodded and began to undress for him. Undressing slowly, provoking him with her stunning blue eyes. She grabbed the hem of her tight t-shirt and pulled it up over her head. She wasn't wearing anything under the top. His eyes lowered to her nice perky breasts, her large pink nipples begged him to take them in his mouth. Again, he restrained himself.

Beth tugged at the tie on her shorts and let them drop to the floor, kicking them aside. Next came the white cotton panties. She subconsciously tried to cover herself with her hands, but Gabriel was having none of that.

"Cross your hands behind your back. I want to see you." His voice sounded firmer than he actually felt. He realized her was actually nervous with her, unsure if he could get through a session without fucking her prematurely.

"Okay."

"Okay what?" he asked with stern eyes.

She gulped, her eyes flashing with desire as she licked her lower lip. "Okay Master."

A surge of satisfaction rushed through him as he walked over to her. "On your knees."

"Yes, Sir." she dropped to her knees before him, her mouth inches away from his restrained dick. Doing as told, she crossed her arms behind her back and then peered up at him.

His cock jerked in reaction. She looked damned sexy kneeling before him. "And what's the safeword?"

"Chef," she replied a touch of amusement in her eyes.

Cheeky little thing. He fought the smile threatening to emerge on his lips. "Chef it is. When you want this to stop you say the safeword. Understand?" This was going to be fun. He had no idea how long he'd be able to last before giving in to his urges and fucking her tight pussy. He suspected not as long as he'd hope to.

"Yes Sir."

"Good. Stay there and don't move a muscle."

"Yes Sir."

Chapter 10

Both excited and anxious, Beth watched Gabriel as he strode over to a large mahogany dresser and began to rummage through a number of the drawers. His back was to her and she took a moment to admire the contours of lean muscle. He was wearing his usual jogging pants, riding low on his hips, covering his tight ass.

Turning back to face her he had an item in each hand. The first held what she knew to be nipple clamps and a black satin blindfold. What kind of nipple clamps, she had no clue. The other hand was holding a length of rope. Her excitement rose with each step he took towards her. By the time he was standing directly in front of her again, his cock covered by just his pants was inches from her mouth. Her juices began to drip down her inner thighs as she waited. She spread her legs wider to help relive the pressure between them.

Gabriel dropped the nipple clamps to the floor and circled around Beth. She wanted to swivel her head to follow him, but had a feeling that when he said "don't move," he meant it.

"Have you ever been tied up Beth?" Gabriel asked. His lips were close to her ear, just grazing her lower lobe. She closed her eyes and savoured the feel of his closeness.

"Handcuffed to the bedpost, Sir." she could feel the heat colouring her cheeks at the admission, though she had no idea why. She had never in her entire lifetime talked about sex or past lovers with anyone, not even her closest girlfriends. She'd always been slightly shy when it came to talking about sex, so to even tell him that much was embarrassing, yet at the same time liberating for her.

Beth felt his hands on her upper arms and then the rope being looped from one arm to the other. He tightened the rope until he heard her breath hitch and knotted it. It didn't hurt so much as it was simply uncomfortable, but with her arms so far back, her chest was pushed forward, and her breasts thrust foreword and up. She moaned as his arms snaked their way around her and his palms cupped her breasts.

"You've got beautiful breasts Beth." His lips were grazing her lower lobe again, and a shiver shimmied its way down her spine. Gabriel began to roll her nipples between his index finger and thumb, sending short jolts of pleasure through her and turning them into long, tight nubs.

Beth released the breath she'd been holding as he removed his hands from her and stood. Gabriel then walked back around to face her, crouched down and grabbed the nipple clamps from the floor. He placed the first one on and began to tighten it around her first nipple using the screw at the side of the clamp.

"Tell me if it begins to hurt."

She nodded, breath bated.

Gabriel stopped tightening the nipple clamp, which was becoming sinfully pleasurable and glared at her.

Shit! What did I do wrong?

Their eyes locked and it came to her. "Yes Sir."

Giving her a tight smile and a nod he set back to work. He tightened it until soft moans of pleasure escaped her lips. "Enough?"

The sensations rushing from her nipple had reached the point where they were bordering the line of pleasure and pain so she nodded. "Yes, Sir."

"Good girl." He attached the second one, adjusting until she confirmed it was also at that perfect pleasure/pain point. Once the clamps were on, he grabbed the blindfold and placed it over her eyes, the elastic band around her head securing it in place.

Now what? She found herself becoming a little anxious and the thought that she had similar feelings when she first lost her virginity at age fifteen came to mind. She felt out of control, her mind surrendering to her urges, but this time was slightly different. She could handle not touching him, but not seeing him either was a little distressing.

Without another word, Gabriel scooped her up into his arms and carried her across the room. "I want you to kneel when I put you down."

"Yes Sir."

She had no idea where she was being placed, but her knees slid into separate padded slots. Her heart rate increased. What was he going to do with her? She imagined the anxiety of the wait and not being able to see what was going on would be worse than anything he could do to her. Suddenly her legs began to spread, the slots her knees were in slowly separating.

"Tell me when it begins to be uncomfortable." Gabriel instructed.

"Yes Sir." Wider and wider her legs spread, and she found herself grateful that Gabriel was steadying her with a hand on her shoulder. "Please stop Sir," she said as she began to feel the strain in her inner thighs. There was a tug at the rope restraining her arms and finally she found herself supported as the rope was hooked onto something behind and above her.

"Hmmm. Very nice."

His retreating footsteps had her alarmed again. Where was he going? What was he going for? Was he going to leave her to wait for him? Was that part of the game? She didn't hear him leave, but did he close the door when they came in? She strained to hear, but all she was rewarded with was silence. She struggled against the restraints on her arms, but it got her nowhere and the rope rubbing into her flesh hurt. In her current positions, she was completely helpless and the nipple clamps continued to send pulses of pleasure and pain through her entire body.

She was about to call out to him when she heard one of the drawers of the dresser opening. A surge of relief shot through her. Oh, thank God! Less than a minute later she heard his bare feet moving back towards her.

"You were scared I left you?"

Beth couldn't make out by his tone whether he was amused or displeased.

"No Sir."

"Don't lie to me or you'll be punished Beth."

She didn't have a chance to respond before she heard a faint shushing noise and then felt the sting as he slapped her pussy with something. She cried out more from surprise than from it actually hurting.

"I-I'm"

She didn't get to finish her sentence as she was slapped a second time. A little harder. She was getting wetter by the second. Her pussy felt as though it was on fire.

"Will you lie to me again?"

She shook her head. "No Sir."

She expected another slap, and braced herself for it. She welcomed it even, but instead his hand cupped her mound, massaging the stinging flesh. The soft caress in contrast to the sting felt amazing.

He was leaning over her again, his breath against her neck. She needed desperately to touch him. She struggled against the restraints and was rewarded with a slap of his palm against her wet pussy. She cried out. His palm stung more than whatever it was that he'd used a moment ago.

"You're so amazingly wet Beth. You have no idea how much you turn me on," he whispered in her ear his voice husky and filled with desire. Another chill rushed down her spine and she attempted, with little success due to the position she was in, to buck against his hand.

She licked her lower lip. "I want you Gabriel."

Another slap. Oh-God it stung, but deliciously so.

Shit I used his name! She growled at herself as she was assaulted with another swat. "I'm sorry Sir." But she wasn't.

To her surprise with each slap she was coming closer to her orgasm. Several more slaps came, each one a little harder than the last and she moaned with each one. The sting was growing stronger, but also amplified the delicious feeling. When he'd stop and massage her reddened and swollen pussy lips she'd moan and whimper even louder.

She was rapidly reaching her point of climax as he massaged and stroked her sore pussy. Her moans turned louder and more frequent as he ran the hard thick handle of what she assumed now to be a flogger between her drenched folds. Her body was on edge, and she once more strained against the rope binding her arms.

Gabriel positioned the handle of the flogger at her entrance. Its girth was larger than his cock, larger than any cock she'd ever experienced to be exact and a shiver of anticipation rushed through her. She needed to be fucked - hard, fast, now! And she didn't care how or by who or what.

"Do you want it?" His mouth was on her neck, lips grazing her sensitive flesh.

"Yes Sir, please," she begged.

He thrust the handle of the flogger into her making her scream out at its sudden and forceful invasion stretched her to her limits. He pulled it out and thrust it into her a second time and then a third and fourth, each time bringing her closer and closer to her earth shattering climax. Finally with a loud moan she released and her juices coursed down the length of the flogger handle. Her body quivered from the aftermath of her sweet release. Never in her life had she experienced anything like this, the pain and pleasure mixing so beautifully together.

She was still trembling when he removed the handle from her wet pussy and slowly ran it up her stomach, between her breasts and to her mouth.

"Open your mouth and suck your juices from it," Gabriel ordered. She complied and opened her mouth wide. He gently inserted it. As she licked and sucked the handle which was wrapped in leather from what she could tell from the taste, she heard him inhale sharply.

A sense of power washed over her as she imagined how much he wanted to fuck her at that moment. Knowing he was also tormented with desire she ensured she made a special show of running her tongue up and down the length of the handle and even moaning softly as she sucked and licked it clean.

"Enough," his voice was ragged and strained.

Beth forced herself not to smile, since that would no doubt get her spanked again. Not that she would have had a big problem with that, but she want to please him.

Gabriel slid a hand to the back of her head, looped her long golden strands around his fist and tugged, forcing her face to tilt upwards. "You like to tease I see."

"Yes, Sir." Again, she did her best not to smile. She didn't just like teasing him, she loved it! Hearing the strain in his voice only made her want to see him lose control more than ever.

"Hmmmm. Maybe I won't give it to you right now." He lowered his mouth to hers, his lips lightly grazing hers. "Maybe I'll make you suck my cock and then come over these beautiful tits of yours." He gave the chain connecting the two clamps a tug and a jolt rushed through her. She cried out.

"Anything you want Sir. Please."

"Please what?"

"Please fuck me Sir." The fire within her had reignited and the only thing that was rushing through her mind was how much she needed him filling her.

"As you wish."

She expected to be released, but to her dismay he pulled back from her and she heard him walking around her. A table or bench of some sort way placed in front of her, at her waist. Whatever it was that was suspending her arms upwards began to lower until she found herself leaned over the thing in front of her, her legs spread wide and her pussy fully exposed. At that angle, she could feel the burn beginning in her arms, or maybe it had always been there. She'd been so preoccupied there was a possibility she'd just not noticed it until now.

She heard him walking away again and then the opening and closing of drawers. After what seemed like an eternity, she heard the footsteps moving back towards her and stop behind her.

"Your ass is perfect." Gabriel accented the point by giving her a slap on her exposed rear.

Beth yelped from the shock and the sting, but refrained from answering. There was a click sound and then his hands were on her rear, spreading her open to him. A cool liquid was being then squirted along her slit and he began to stroke her length, caressing her mound and pinching her clit between his fingertips. While the liquid was cool to begin with, his massaging turned it pleasantly warm and she found herself moaning as he stroked her.

"Has anyone ever fucked your ass Beth?"

Her body tensed. She gulped. "No Sir." She'd heard it hurt, as a result, on the couple of occasions in her life when the topic came up between her and a partner she'd always refused. But in this instance, with Gabriel, and being as turned on as she was, she had no reservations. She'd take his cock any way she could get it.

His hand froze on her for a moment and then resumed caressing her. "Alright. Then we won't do that tonight."

A part of her was disappointed. It had been a night of firsts for her so she was willing to add to that list. Taking a deep breath in and gathering the courage she nodded. "I want you to Sir."

His hand stopped its delicious caress once more and to her dismay he removed it. But then seconds later she felt the sting of his palm on her ass cheek. She yelped as the sting travelled to her pussy and it began to throb.

"I'll fuck your ass when I want to? Are we clear?"

Oh shit. Mistake number two.... Or three. She'd lost count. "I'm sorry Sir."

"I'd hurt you Beth," he said, his tone softer. "You need to know that I will never, ever hurt you."

An unexpected tear formed at the corner of her eye and she found herself grateful that the blindfold was covering it. She believed him when he said he'd never hurt her. She believed. And it felt so good she wanted to weep.

Her mind was pulled from her thoughts by Gabriel as he ran a finger along her slit and he traced the rim of her ass with his fingertip. She froze under his touch anxiously waiting on what he'd do next. He slipped a finger into her ass and she moaned loudly and attempted to buck against his finger wanting it in deeper.

"So fucking tight. It's going to feel so good fucking this ass."

It'll be so good with you fucking my ass Gabriel, she wanted to say, but held her tongue, knowing that comment would incur a spanking.

He removed his finger and added another dob of warming lube. Seconds later, there was a faint buzzing noise.

What the fuck? She struggled against the restraints. She wanted to look over her shoulder at him, but to her frustration all she saw was darkness. Fucking blindfold! "Oh-my-god!" she cried out as the buzzing instrument pressed against the tight rim of muscle of her anus and was slowly inserted. She tensed against the intruding object, causing a stinging burning sensation.

"Relax Beth," Gabriel soothed, placing a hand on her lower back and continuing to insert the butt plug into her.

She bit her lip, to keep from crying out a second time, took a deep breath and attempted to calm herself. As she relaxed, the plug became less intrusive and more of a turn-on. The ache between her legs and her need to have him fucking her became her new point of focus.

"Good girl," he leaned over her and ran a string of kissed down her back.

Beth moaned and wiggled under him. She wanted to beg him to take her and relieve her agony, but was learning that in this session that begging for something pretty much guaranteed she'd get the opposite.

Straightening back up behind her, Gabriel positioned his cock at her entrance, the massive head barely breaching the entrance to her core. Grabbing tight to her hips, he slammed into her. He grunted loudly as he buried himself to the hilt and remained there.

She'd never felt anything so amazing. Having the toy vibrating in her ass, while his cock slammed into her pussy was better than she could have ever imagined. So good that she was on the verge of another climax. He pulled out and slammed into her again. The sensations were so intense she could feel the tears welling up in her eyes.

"Oh God, Gabriel!" she screamed out as he slammed into her a third time.

The use of his name was rewarded with a hard slap on the ass as he slammed into her a third time, and she found herself spiralling over the cliff. She bucked and moaned as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her to explode between her legs. As her pussy clenched and milked his cock, he increased the speed of this thrusts slamming into her again and again, sending her over the edge repeatedly.

Orgasm after orgasm flowed through her and she was helpless to the pleasure. A pleasure so great it was almost physically painful. His thrusts became fast and furious, and she could tell he was approaching his own climax and she hoped it was soon because she didn't think she could handle much more. It was too good, too intense.

The safeword was on the tip of her tongue when he gripped tighter to her hips and slammed into her a final time. His balls slapping noisily against her swollen pussy as his cock erupted into her. Spurt after glorious spurt of his cum slammed into her inner walls and he groaned as he came.

After what felt like an endless minute, Gabriel slid his cock from her and slowly moved the torturous plug. She sighed a breath of relief.

"Close your eyes baby."

She did as told and Gabriel lifted the blindfold from her eyes. Slowly she opened them back up and it took a moment to adjust to the light. She looked up at him, standing in front of her gloriously naked and smiling that sexy, seductive smile of his.

"Give me a moment and I'll unhook you," he said reaching behind her and unhooking her arms from the hook above her and then undoing the rope holding her arms together.

With her arms free, she felt an ache in them from being suspended for so long. It stung and she tried not to grimace. He slid the slots her knees were placed in, back to their normal spots so she was no longer spread wide.

"Are you okay?" Gabriel cupped her chin in his hand and forced her eyes back up to his.

Beth nodded. "I'm good." she gave him a tight smile, but in reality her body felt like jelly, and arms were aching horribly.

"Alright. It might hurt when I take the nipple clamps off okay?"

No, it wasn't okay, but she nodded and closed her eyes waiting for the pain - the real pain - to begin. The first clamp was removed and just as quickly as the clamp was removed his mouth captured the nipple sucking and teasing it with his tongue. Her breath hissed out though her teeth as the pleasure rushed through her. Beth opened her eyes back up and looked down at him as she gripped his shoulders for support.

"Good?" he asked lifting his eyes to hers and letting her nipple fall from his lips.

"Uh-huh."

With a nod he released the other nipple and quickly replaced it with his mouth, caressing and stroking the throbbing nipple with his tongue until shivers of pleasure rushed through her. Once done with the second nipple he slipped her arm around his shoulders and hoisted her up into his arms carrying her through the room and into the bedroom.

With a loud sigh, Beth cuddled against his broad chest and a smile touched her lips. She felt fulfilled, relaxed and slightly tired despite it being early afternoon. "Where are you taking me?" she murmured against his chest.

Chapter 11

"Mmmm. You don't have to do that." Beth sighed as she closed her eyes, hugging her legs to her. The water came to her chest in the deep, claw style bathtub. Gabriel's skilled fingers were working out the kinks in her neck and shoulders that had formed from being bound for so long. Once they had finished with their play, Gabriel had taken her directly to the bathroom and ran them a nice soothing bubble bath and they were now submerged, Beth sitting between Gabriel's legs, her back to his chest.

"Yes, I do," he informed her softly, kissing the side of her neck. She moaned her satisfaction as his lips sent a soft shiver through her.

He spared no detail, soft music played in the background. Lavender scented candles were lit and the intoxicating floral scent of the bath oils he'd added to the water enhanced the romantic atmosphere. It was like something out of one of the romance novels she loved so much. Just minus the rose petals floating on top of the water. She'd never enjoyed a bath as much as she did at that moment. Of course his erection, pressing at her bottom and his skilled fingers caressing her sore flesh certainly added to the experience.

"You know we still didn't get to finish that conversation we started in the kitchen Beth."

Damn. The last thing she wanted right now was to bring that back up. "I don't want to." His soft chuckle behind her made her grin and she looked back over her shoulder at him.

"I think we should. And face forward please."

Her grin widened as she placed her chin back on her arms which were crossed over her knees. His hands felt so good, his fingers pressing and kneading at just the perfect spots. "Yes, Sir."

"Smart ass."

"I know."

"Don't change the subject."

She sighed and rolled her eyes. "I've said what I wanted to already."

To her dismay he stopped massaging her. "Sit back against me."

She complied, settling back against his bubble covered chest. Gabriel wrapped his arms around her waist and held her tight, kissing her temple tenderly. It felt like heaven in his arms. She felt cared for and protected in his embrace and would happily stay there for the rest of eternity, enjoying the moment as it was.

"Why would you ever think I would consider you a fling, or a bought and paid for fuck, Beth?"

There seemed to be genuine concern and upset in his tone that made her glance up and capture his eyes with her own. "I just... I've had some bad experiences with men in the past and I just don't want to make any more mistakes." She lowered her eyes from his. "Mistakes hurt too much."

His frown deepened. He brushed the back of his hand against her cheek and then traced her lower lip with his thumb. "Do you think I may be a mistake?"

Beth's heart stopped beating for a moment and it felt as though time was standing still as she lifted her eyes to meet his once more. She cared for him and there was no doubt in her mind that it wouldn't take long before her heart would fully and completely be his. Gabriel wasn't the kind of man you loved and easily forgot about. If she gave into her emotional desires for him she could be potentially setting herself for the devastation of her lifetime.

"Do you think I may be a mistake," he repeated a little firmer in his tone, his hurt over the thought was apparent.

She closed her eyes a moment and steadied her frazzled nerves. When she opened them back up she shook her head. "No. No you're not."

A smile tugged at the corners of his lips and he nodded, pulling her tighter to him. "There. So where do we go from here?" He bushed his lips against her temple again.

That was the million dollar question right there, as far as she was concerned. The room filled with silence once more and she shrugged, nibbling at her lower lip as she gazed back at him.

"Hmmm. Well, since you're not offering a suggestion how about this."

Interested in what he had to say and wanting to see his expression when he said it, she switched positions in the tub so she was facing him. Water splashed over the side of the tub to soak the floor. "You realize that I will be expecting you to clean that," he stated pushing forward slightly so she could wrap her legs around his waist.

"I would be happy to take care of it Mr Reynolds."

"That being said, you are in a wonderful position for me to begin massaging your legs." He gave her his wickedly sexy smile that sent her pulse racing and his hands immediately touched her left knee and slowly began to work their way up her thigh.

"Uh-huh."

"So, as I was saying. I think you should continue working for me as we agreed. You want the job and I still need the position filled."

"Okay." She couldn't disagree with his reasoning there. His hands were halfway between her knee and the apex between her legs. The familiar warmth between her legs ignited.

"But for all intents and purposes, I want this to be a relationship. I want to be with you Beth. And I hope that you believe that my intent is genuine."

Beth's heartbeat accelerated and a rush of joy flowed through her. Looking into his eyes, she didn't doubt him. She couldn't. She scrambled to her knees, straddling his lap and touched his cheek with her palm. "I believe it," she whispered.

Smiling, he nodded. "Good. So when I take you to functions and you meet my colleagues and have to deal with the press I want you doing that as my girlfriend."

She pressed her forehead to his, ghosting her lips over his. "So I'm not to be informing them that you're diddling the maid huh?" she teased.

A low growl rose up in the back of his throat and she giggled as he pulled her tight and then kissed her soundly. "You're such a handful," he scolded as he pulled his lips from hers and reclined against the back of the tub, pulling her down to him.

"There are a lot of functions. Lots of press. Society pages. The list is never ending of bullshit you may be exposed to." His eyes searched hers. "Are you okay with that?"

She gulped. She hated being the center of attention and she was the furthest thing he could get from being one of those prissy society types. But it came with who he was and she wanted him, so she knew it was something she'd have to learn to accept and deal with. "I want to be with you and if that means functions and posing for pictures then so be it."

His cock which was nestled between her legs jerked under her fuelling the passion within her. Needing his cock immediately and having full intention of having it, she wiggled onto his lap, teasing his hardened dick.

****

"Haven't you had enough for one day Miss Wilmington?" Gabriel asked, not that he was complaining. Not in the least. After that happened between them in the playroom, if his appetite for her hadn't been insatiable before, it was now. She had done so well. He was proud of her and excited to see just how eager and responsive she was to him as a sub. His mind was whirling with the things he wanted to do to her in the future. However, she'd been pretty sore when he carried her from the sex room and the last thing he wanted was to hurt her further.

Her eyes flashed wickedly. "Not even close," she whispered in his ear, before nipping at his lobe and trailing a string of kisses and tiny bites down his neck. His cock turned to granite and he was coming close to the end of his restraint.

"Then I'm all yours to do with as you please." Slipping a hand behind her head he guided her lips back to his.

As their tongues danced, Beth positioned his shaft at her entrance and then slowly - excruciatingly slow - she lowered herself onto it. The feel of her warm, moist core taking him in fully was as close to heaven as he thought he'd ever get. But then she began to move on him. She moved up and down his length, while rotating her hips in small circular motions and she redefined his definition of heaven.

Arching her back she let her head fall backward, her breasts jutting forward - taunting him. He wanted to grab her and pull her tight to him and pull one of those tight little nipples into his mouth, but he didn't. The view was too good to ruin. The sounds of pleasure coming from her, in a series of soft moans were almost enough on their own to make him explode.

"That's it baby, ride my cock," he urged.

Beth began to move faster, grinding down harder onto him her moans of pleasure getting louder as her breasts bounced with each rotation. Gabriel grasped unto her hips holding her tightly, helping to steady her as her pace became fast and rough. The water splashed over the sides as it whooshed back and forth around them.

"Oh God, you're so good!" she cried out as her breathing became ragged.

He groaned his agreement. It was too fucking good; if that were at all possible. She was coming soon and he was going to be right behind her. "Then come for me. Soak my cock."

He started to move his hips in time with her until they were moving in perfect sync, their bodies slamming into each other and bringing each other to the summit of their desires. "I'm going to come Beth."

"Oh, God yes! Please. I need to feel it," she begged, her eyes catching his.

Not being able to hold off a second longer, Gabriel groaned out his release, his fingers digging into the soft flesh of her hips. As his cock shot off a series of spurts of his cum, she screamed out his name, her body trembled over him. Her pussy gripped his cock, milking it for every last drop of his seed before exploding and surrounding his dick with her juices.

Panting hard, she collapsed onto him and he wrapped his arms around her waist holding her tightly onto him. After several minutes of basking in their respective orgasms, his dick still firmly sheathed inside of her wet core, Beth looked up at him with that soft, sweet smile of hers that made his heart skip a beat. She pulled her lower lip between her teeth as if considering whether or not she should say something.

Gabriel frowned. "What is it?"

Her cheeks glowed a soft rosy color. "I was wondering what else you had planned for me in your little secret room."

Gabriel's frown quickly turned to a grin. "Oh, Miss Wilmington, that's for me to know and you to find out... If you're good." He traced her lush lower lip with his index finger.

A devilish grin touched her lips that matched the wicked gleam in her eyes. "But Sir, what if I'm bad?" Beth opened her mouth and sucked his finger in.

Oh sweet fuck! As he pulled his finger from her mouth and replaced it with his lips he couldn't help thinking that he was going to be in for a wild ride with the sweet little blonde from the coffee shop. And he intended to enjoy each and every second of it.

The End

