CHAPTER ONE

I stretched, my long limbs uncurling beneath the silk sheets. The alarm buzzed on the locker and lazily I reached out and clicked it off. Another day of the usual errands. Turning over in the bed I stared wistfully at the empty space beside me. Why did Richard leave? It didn't make any sense. We were happy, or at least I thought we were.

A week had passed since Richard had left, taking all of his belongings with him. I remembered the tears I'd shed as I begged him to explain why. All he had given me in return were cold looks and a brief peck on the cheek before he walked out the door.

I hated to admit it but I was lonely without him. I missed his touch, the smell of his aftershave and the way he always sang out of tune when he was in the shower.

Sitting up I threw my legs over the edge of the bed and stood. Stretching my arms above my head, my breasts strained against the soft camisole that I wore. Padding into the bathroom I flicked on the shower, and then stopped to stare at my reflection in the mirror. I stripped slowly, my eyes picking out each little flaw and imperfection that I knew I had.

Richard had always joked that he loved having a little something extra to hold onto when we made love. There was always that extra little edge to his voice when he said it. The tone of his voice suggesting that what he said went beyond teasing. Naturally, it had always made me feel insecure. But it didn't seem to matter how much I hit the gym my body just wasn't cut out to be thin and waif like.

With a sigh I stepped into the shower and let the hot water cascade down across my naked skin. Why did I let thoughts like that bother me? It was stupid, I knew I shouldn't think so badly about my body. If I didn't love myself, then how could I expect anyone else to love me? Or at least that was the advice all of the magazines gave out. I was supposed to be a strong, confident, independent woman. And yet, the niggling doubts still filled my mind with the idea that I wasn't good enough and no one would ever love me in the way I so desperately craved.

Grabbing the shower gel I squirted some out into my hand and began to lather up my body violently. Each time my hands rubbed against my nipples it made them stiffen a little more. Too long had passed since I'd had sex, and now I was beginning to suffer for it. Indulging myself I let my hand dip between my legs, rubbing my clit in lazy circles. I moaned and pressed my free hand against my breast, pinching and playing until the nipple was painfully erect.

The phone rang. Its insistent shrill tone made me freeze. Just ignore it, it'll go to voice mail, the little voice in my mind urged. My hand began to slowly circle my clit once more as the answering machine kicked in. The sound of my apologetic greeting made the anger within me surface once more and I slipped my fingers into my body. Why was I always so apologetic about every goddamned thing?

The smooth caress of my boss' voice filtered out from the answering machine. I froze. The sound of his voice sent shivers of passion down my spine. Now there was a man who knew how to be in control. I had often thought what it would be like to surrender to a man who held all the power. A man who with just the tone of his voice could reduce me to a quivering mess.

Something clicked in my brain. What the hell was he saying? I launched myself out of the shower stall and into the hall. Standing there with water dripping onto the wooden floor from my naked body, I listened intently to the message.

"Look, Carrie, I just need you to get your ass over here as soon as possible. This whole deal has turned to shit and I need you here... We need to..." He sighed on the other end of the line. I could picture him sitting behind his desk his hand idly pushing his dark hair back from his face. The phone clicked dead.

He had probably pressed the wrong button. He seemed to be doing that an awful lot lately. Part of me wondered why, as I headed back into the bathroom and grabbed a towel. When I had first started working for Mr. Ashcroft, he had been more than capable of dealing with all of the fancy gadgets at his disposal. However, as more time passed, he seemed to more often be in need of my help in using them. It was odd and out of character.

I dragged the brush through my dark hair. If I was to get to work on time and not receive a telling off then I needed to hurry. Hastily I applied makeup. All thoughts of my earlier play-time in the shower were forgotten. I simply didn't have time to finish. That seemed to be happening more often, and part of me wondered if I really was too busy to finish, or if I was deliberately stopping myself.

Slipping on a simple black dress, I zipped it up the side. Underneath I wore a white blouse with sleeves that cut off at the elbow. I preferred clothes that covered my arms but didn't cling to them. I had always been self-conscious about my arms. I'd never fully understood why, but I knew to feel comfortable they had to remain covered.

Grabbing my coat and purse I ran out the door, barely remembering to lock it behind me.

The commute to the office was the usual nightmare. Men on the train stared at me like I was some type of strange creature that had arrived on earth. Friends on more than one occasion had tried to persuade me the staring was because I was so attractive. But of course I had always dismissed that notion as pure nonsense. Men did not find women who were plump attractive. Every magazine article, book, advertising, and movie, I had ever come into contact with reassured me of this fact.

Even when I had been with Richard, he had always seemed loathe to admit in public that we were together. The only place he ever held my hand in public was when we went to the cinema and sat in the dark.

Grabbing up my morning coffee, my heart sank. How could I have been so stupid? Wasting so much time with a man who didn't even really like me? I shook my head and picked up the second coffee I had prepared for Ashcroft.

Carrying the cups carefully I tried to keep the shake from my hands as I walked into his office. His chair faced the window and I could tell from the tone of his voice that he was not succeeding in pulling the deal back from the brink. Yesterday, the deal had been running smoothly. What could possibly have happened over night to send everything to hell?

In my mind I ran through all of the files I had sent out. Ashcroft's angry voice cut across my thoughts.

"What do you mean you didn't receive it? It was sent yesterday! My staff are perfectly competent, thank you!"

I watched as he slammed the phone back on its receiver. He swung around to face me and pushed his hand back through his hair. Sparkling blue eyes filled with anger raked down over my body. He softened a little as he noticed the coffee on the desk.

"What would I do without you, Carrie?" He sighed and pushed himself back in the chair. His normally clean-shaven jaw had a fine sprinkling of dark stubble. In my mind it made him even more handsome. It gave him a sort of wild look. I could imagine him clearing the desk with one swipe and laying me across the wood.

"Are you listening to me?" he asked. His eyes watched me with a look of curiosity. I blushed and dropped my gaze to the floor.

"I'm sorry, I was just a little distracted."

"Good thoughts, I hope." I looked up and my blush deepened. His eyes were filled with a teasing light. It was as though he knew exactly what I was thinking. Of course that was impossible. The more I fought not to think about his strong hands on my body the more those thoughts invaded my mind.

"I'm going to go and type up the rest of that report." I kept my gaze averted as I moved out of the room. Ashcroft chuckled behind me and it made me move faster.

Reaching my desk I sat down. What was wrong with me? Where had my professionalism gone? I needed to put my head down and just concentrate on my job.

A small icon in the corner of the screen flashed at me. A private chat message. Puzzlement made me furrow my brow. Who was sending me private messages? Clicking it open, the words within made me suck in a deep breath.

"I want you." The user name was simply the letter D.

Was it a joke? I looked around the office studying the faces of my co-workers. Everyone seemed to be intent on their own work. No one looked up or even glanced in my direction. What was going on?

A thought struck me then. I tried to dismiss it but it kept on nagging in my brain. Mr Ashcroft's first name was David... Could he possibly be the secretive D?

I tried to look into his office through lowered lashes. From what I could tell he was back on the phone but he was checking his computer screen every few seconds.

My fingers tapped away on the keys as though they had a life of their own. I didn't want to encourage this. What if it wasn't David? But I couldn't stop a small thrill of excitement racing through me as I pressed the send button.

"What? Who is this?"

A moment passed. I tried to keep watching Ashcroft's office to see if he typed anything onto his computer. He turned away from it to stare out the window just as another message flashed up on my screen.

My body responded, my sex became wet as I read through the words on the screen. I licked my lips nervously as a hot blush crept up my cheeks.

"I want to bend you over your desk. Lift that black dress of yours and push my thick cock into your juicy pussy. Would you like that?"

The question repeated over and over in my head. Would I like it? The damp patch that was forming in my underwear told me that yes, I would like it. However, I was a lady. I didn't even know who this strange person was. There was no way that I would reply to it.

Another message flashed up on the screen. "Carrie, come to my office. David."

So it was David. I stood and walked on unsteady legs towards the open office. David had swung his chair around and watched me as I made my way towards him. It made me even more nervous and I fidgeted with the edge of my sleeve.

Upon making it inside, David indicated for me to shut the door. I did so and took the seat opposite his desk. He watched me for a moment. His eyes burned right through me and I fought to keep my gaze level with his. In the end I failed and dropped my eyes to the edge of the desk instead.

"A very serious matter has come to my attention."

Panic flared in the pit of my stomach. What did he mean?

"Some of the files that were due to go out yesterday, never made it. Now I've searched back through the computer systems and I've discovered the error was from your computer, Carrie. You never sent the files and now the deal had gone to shit."

His words stunned me. How could I have forgotten to send out the files? As far as I was concerned I had sent them. I remembered clicking the files into the email and pressing send. It wasn't possible.

I shook my head. "Mr. Ashcroft, sir, I sent the files as requested. I remember sending them. The client has to have received them."

His smile sent shivers racing across my skin. "According to the client they never received anything. Now who am I supposed to believe, Carrie?"

Tears clouded my eyes and I struggled to hold them back. I wouldn't cry. It was a sign of weakness and I was sure I had sent the files.

Ashcroft lifted his hand to silence my protests. "I have a plan. I'm sure you will be more than willing to help me sort out this mess. Am I right?"

I nodded. How could this have happened? First he sent me messages saying how much he wanted to do terrible things to me. And now he was propositioning me all because of a mistake. First Richard and now this. My life was beginning to unravel at the seams.

"Carrie, are you listening? The client is flying in tonight and I want you to come to dinner with me and him. I'm sure we can find a way out of this mess." He stood as he spoke. I wanted to follow his progress around the desk but he walked behind my chair and disappeared from sight.

He bent down over my chair and I jumped. "The panties you are wearing right now. I want you to go to the bathroom, take them off, and bring them back to me."

Shock froze me to the chair. My head spun with confusion. I stood and walked slowly from the office. Things had changed so quickly. Walking to the ladies' room and straight into one of the cubicles, I swallowed hard. My panties were now soaked completely through. Knowing how wrong it was turned me on even more.

With shaking hands I slid the panties down my legs and stepped out of them. The little voice in my brain shouted at me to stop. That David would simply make a fool out of me like every other man. But I couldn't stop. Balling the small scrap of lace up in my fist, I stepped out of the cubicle. The sight of my pale face caught my eye as I passed the mirror.

Two spots of colour rode high on my cheeks but the rest of my face was stark white. Almost as though I had just seen a ghost. I shook my head and smoothed my hair down with my free hand. I wanted this. I had spent often enough thinking about Ashcroft and now that it was really happening I wouldn't let my doubts get me down.

Moving out of the bathroom I stalked back to his office. I was sure that as I weaved my way through the desks everyone could very easily catch the scent of my arousal. It invaded my own nostrils and I fought to keep myself in control.

David Ashcroft's office was the largest in the building. He was after all the boss, chairman, of the largest trading company in the city. The walls of glass surrounding his office intimidated me as I made my way up to them. He smiled at me as I entered his sanctuary.

While I was gone he had closed all of the blinds in his office. Once he closed the door we were completely hidden from prying eyes.

I walked in and sat down. I didn't close the door, I wasn't willing to make it that easy for him. If he wanted to make a move on me he would have to do it himself.

He stood and stretched. The muscles in his arms bulged against the expensive fabric of his crisp white shirt. My eyes travelled down the length of his body, drinking in every inch of his tall, muscular frame. Richard was a weasel by comparison.

David strode around the desk and shut the door. He swung around to face me and held out his hand. "I take it you have what I asked for?"

"Y-yes." I hated my voice for betraying the fear and excitement that coursed throughout my body. With trembling fingers I passed the small sodden heap to him. He opened them up and examined them closely before lifting them to his nose. His smile was all predator as he inhaled the scent of my sex.

My heart rate leapt as he clicked the lock shut on the office door. I tried to stand to move out of his reach but he was faster than me. He roughly grabbed my arm and dragged me in against his chest. When I opened my mouth to protest he shoved the scrap of lace into my mouth, effectively gagging me. I was stunned. My body went limp as my mind raced over everything that was happening.

He spun me around and bent me forwards over the desk. His hands slipped down my thighs and gripped the hem of my black dress. The feel of his hands on my body sent thrills of desire racing through me. He yanked his hands back up bringing the dress with him.

I squealed through the lace gag as the cool air circulating the office caressed my fevered skin. Ashcroft's hands stroked the round pale globes of my ass. He handled them roughly, pinching and stroking my ample flesh. My head dipped down towards the desk as he explored my ass with his hands.

When the first strike came down hard on my ass, I stiffened. My whole body grew tense and rigid as the sting radiated up through me. His hands returned to stroking and rubbing my ass cheeks. He smoothed his hands down over my skin to the backs of my thighs before dragging his nails back up over the curve of my ass to my lower back.

He spanked me again and I screamed, the sound muffled in the gag. The spank was followed by Ashcroft's hands rubbing and caressing my hot flesh. He repeated the process over and over until I had lost count of the amount of time he had spanked me.

My eyes rolled back in my head as Ashcroft probed a finger against my pussy. He easily slipped a thick finger into me. My wetness was running down my thighs as he slowly pushed his finger in and out of my body. I wanted him, there was no denying it. As he pressed against my ass, I could feel his erection pressing against my sore, hot, ass cheeks. It seemed I wasn't the only one who was aroused by the situation.

He fucked my pussy with his fingers for a few moments. I knew my body was on the verge of a giant orgasm. It crept towards me like outward ripples in a pond. My own denial in the shower that morning simply added to the tension that was gaining pace in my body. Making me shake and tremble. Ashcroft must have felt the muscles in my pussy beginning to tighten because he chose that moment to withdraw from my body. He pulled away from me, leaving my exposed lower half to cool in the chill of the air-conditioning.

Embarrassment burned my cheeks as I stood and pulled my dress back down over my body. It was just how I thought it would be. He had used me. Used me and then denied me. I turned to face him and was stunned to see him licking my pussy juice from his fingers. His blue eyes burned me with a sexual intensity I had not seen before. No man had ever looked at me like that.

He pulled the gag from my mouth and slipped my panties into his pocket. "I spanked you because you have been distracted lately. Distraction leads to mistakes. I cannot afford to have you making mistakes, Carrie." He lingered over my name. It instantly brought back the sensation of his fingers slipping in and out of my body. It made my knees tremble and for a moment I was certain they would buckle beneath me. How did he do that?

"I'll have someone messenger over the outfit I want you to wear tonight. I'll pick you up promptly at seven. I expect you to be ready..." His eyes raked over my body once more lingering on my breasts and pussy. He licked his lips slowly and stood up. He towered over me and I shivered softly.

Part of me wanted to rebel, to fight against what he was doing. But a much larger part of me wanted it. I wanted everything he could give me. Every touch of his hand on me sent shivers down my spine. If he could do this much to me in his office, then what would he do to me once he had me alone somewhere secluded?

"Am I making myself clear?" I nodded and swallowed hard. There was no way I could disobey this man. He held power over me and I wasn't sure why but I wanted to get to the bottom of it.

"You should go home then. I can't have you here making any more mistakes. I want you to be fully prepared for tonight."

I nodded once more and walked towards the door. Ashcroft grabbed me as I passed him and pulled my body back against his chest. He pushed my hair aside and carefully nibbled down the side of my neck. "Don't wear any perfume. I want to smell you. I want to know the moment you are aroused. I want nothing between us. Understand?"

"Yes..." I whispered the words. Ashcroft kissed my neck in response and then released me as abruptly as he had grabbed me. I stumbled slightly and flushed a rosy red. Ashcroft's chuckle followed me from the room as I fumbled with the lock and escaped out of there.

Reaching my desk I picked up my purse and tried to look important. Grabbing my coat I strode from the room my head held high. I needed to pretend that I was in control. If anyone knew what I had just done with the boss... they would never take me seriously again.

The lift pinged open and I practically ran through the lobby and out into the fresh air. My emotions were in turmoil as I began to make my way home. Someone familiar caught my eye in a coffee shop window opposite my work. Richard sat inside the window, his hand draped across the hand of a slim, pretty blonde. The woman was laughing and her long hair flowed around her shoulders.

A stab of hurt lanced through my stomach. Richard had been an asshole, but to see him laughing and flirting with another woman-a much slimmer, prettier woman-made me want to cry. The excitement I had felt as David had teased me in the office faded away. Why bother? I wasn't attractive enough to keep anyone. David might be flirting with me now, but give him a few days and he would soon see sense. A man as attractive as he was would never want a frump like me.

Tears stung my eyes as I ran down the sidewalk. Flagging a cab, I jumped into the backseat. Directions to my apartment were the only thing that stopped me from bursting into tears then and there.

Flinging the money into the front seat I jumped out of the car, the hem of my dress ripping up the back in my haste. Mortification ate at me as I struggled to keep my modesty intact in front of the driver. He leered at me as I fought to hold the skirt in place. David still had my panties. If I flashed the driver he would get a full and complete view of my ass.

Draping my coat around my lower half, I shuffled into the building and up the stairs to my apartment. Making it inside the door I collapsed in a heap on the floor and began to cry. My sobs were loud and pitiful. Tears ran down my face and dripped onto my blouse. If I hadn't seen Richard I might have felt a little differently.

He had only just left, so how could he have moved on so quickly? Did he really care so little for me that he would do that? Brushing my hand across my eyes it came away wet. How was I supposed to go to dinner with Ashcroft? He aroused me so much and I wanted him. But there was no way that he wanted me in the same way. Yes, I had felt his erection but every man would have an erection faced with a wet and willing woman bent over their desk.

Shame burned my face as I thought back on my behaviour. How could I have embarrassed myself so much? I should have controlled myself better. And then to give David my panties. What must he think of me?

I held my face in my hands. The sound of my intercom buzzing made me jump. Standing, I scrubbed the tears from my face and answered the insistent buzz.

"Package for a Miss C. Grant." The man's voice sounded fuzzy through the technology. I swallowed. It seemed Ashcroft wasn't kidding when he said he would have my clothes messengered over.

"Come in." My voice was brusque as I checked my face in the mirror. My skin was blotchy and flushed from my tears. I didn't have time to think about it though. A knock on the door told me that the messenger was outside.

Opening the door I signed for the package and took it inside. The man didn't give me a second glance. The moment he had my signature he was bounding down the stairs once more.

I carried the package into the bedroom and set it down. It was quite heavy, which surprised me. Opening the ribbons and lifting the lid from the black box I stared down in bewilderment at the contents. There was no way I would wear this. It wasn't in the least bit suitable.

A red lace corset sat on the top of the box. A smaller box contained a pair of black boots in my size. How did he know? Beneath it I discovered a long leather skirt in black. The skirt had the longest slit I had ever seen running up the length of it. It would leave nothing to the imagination I realised. A note lay at the bottom of the box. It was scrawled neatly in Ashcroft's handwriting and I recognised it immediately.

"No panties."

I blushed as I realised just what the skirt would reveal if I didn't wear any knickers. Shaking my head I undressed and headed into the shower. I would need all the hours between now and seven to prepare.

CHAPTER TWO

Ten to seven and I sat on the edge of my bed in a silk robe. I couldn't go through with it. I had tried to get the corset on but I couldn't reach the lacing on the back to tie it up. It was pointless, I wasn't cut out for this type of thing. Anyway, the corset had no sleeves and there was no way that I was going out with my arms exposed.

I hugged myself with one arm as I picked up the wine glass and gulped down the remnants of the alcohol. My first glass had turned into a second and now I was feeling a little unsteady.

The intercom buzzed and panic started to flutter around in my tummy. How could it be time already? It wasn't possible. I carried the glass with me out into the hall and pressed the intercom button.

"Let me in." Ashcroft's voice was sex personified. It whispered over my skin and caused my nipples to harden. My sex grew wet at the command in his voice and I was unable to disobey him.

Without a word I pressed the button and unlocked the door. A few moments passed and my nerves grew to an almost unbearable level. He pushed the door open and stepped into the room. His face was unreadable as he took in my state of undress. Something that I couldn't quite put my finger on seemed to rise from his skin.

"You're not ready..."

The question hung in the air between us. The alcohol burned in my blood and it made me bold.

"I'm not going." I lifted my chin defiantly and stared him straight in the eye.

"You're not coming or you couldn't do up the corset?" His lips quirked almost imperceptibly.

"I couldn't close it. But that's not the point... I'm not that type of woman."

He moved towards me and crushed me against the wall, his body holding me easily in place. He pushed one knee between my legs and pressed my hands above my head. The glass I was holding dropped to the floor and shattered. He held my wrists with one hand whilst the other loosened the robe.

Excitement curled in my stomach as his blue eyes drank in the sight of my half naked body. He dipped his head to my neck and bit me softly.

"You're not what sort of woman?"

My only response was a moan. His lips nibbled upwards to the edge of my earlobe. His tongue flicked against the sensitive little piece of skin before he moved back down the column of my neck once more. Reaching the tops of my bra-covered breasts he ran his tongue along the edge of the lace.

Releasing my arms he used his hands to rip the lace bra apart. My breasts spilled out into his hands and he squeezed and pinched the nipples to life. I moaned and wrapped my hands around his neck.

David's mouth dipped down to suckle and lap at each nipple in turn. I arched up towards him, allowing him better access to my sensitive body. I burned with desire for him. My core dripped with need and I wanted to feel him bury his cock inside me.

"Tell me, Carrie, tell me you don't want this. Tell me you're not that sort of woman." His words sent shivers of desire trembling across my body. I wanted this, I wanted him.

He released me and tugged me down the hall to my bedroom. He pulled the robe from my shoulders and left it discarded on the hall floor. My mind whirled as he pushed the items of clothing from the bed before throwing me down on top of the covers. He unbuckled his trousers and slid them off in one fluid motion. I watched as he pulled off his jacket and threw it onto the pile of clothes that covered the floor. His shirt quickly followed.

I attempted to cover my body with my hands. A growl dribbled out from between Ashcroft's lips as he towered over me. His cock stood tall and proud away from his body. I had never slept with a man who had such a large cock before. My sex became slick as I thought of what it would feel like to have that enter me.

Ashcroft climbed onto the bed and knelt over me. He gripped my hands and pinned them above my head.

"Most Doms need to tie down their submissives. But I don't need to tie you down, do I, Carrie?" He released my hands and I kept them where he had placed them.

"What did I say about panties?" he said and tutted as he pulled the lace briefs down over my hips and dumped them over the edge of the bed.

"Are you sure you're not that kind of woman, Carrie?" Each time he used my name, pleasure rolled through my body.

"I know what kind of woman you are. I know what you want and what you need." He lowered his body down over mine and drove his cock up into my body.

I cried out as its thickness penetrated me. He pinned me down, his hands holding mine in place as he began to move inside me. He punctuated each thrust with his words.

"You need this, Carrie. You want me to own you. I'm going to make you my bitch. My little submissive slut. You'll do everything I ask of you. You'll belong to me and no one else."

It hit me then. Ashcroft was fucking me but he wasn't wearing a condom. It had always been my biggest fantasy to have a man take me and just cum inside me. Pleasure tore through my body as his thrusts grew deeper and he worked his cock further inside me.

I lifted my legs and wrapped them around his waist, pulling him deeper into my body. He growled against my ear and bit down on my neck. With a cry, I came, my body erupting in the most intense orgasm of my life. It rippled through my core. My pussy clenched and tightened around Ashcroft's cock, milking him.

"I'm going to cum in you, Carrie. I'm going to flood your cunt with my seed. Mark you inside as mine."

He groaned and threw back his head, his body tensing as his cock spasmed and jerked. Warm, thick cum squirted into my pussy, soaking it. Ashcroft jerked and spurted, his thrusts ragged as he came. With one final pulse he filled me with his cream.

His breathing was heavy as he slid from my body and lay on the bed beside me. I stared up at the ceiling. I could feel his cum trickling down from my slit and soaking onto the covers beneath. I had never been taken like that before. My muscles ached and my neck was tender where Ashcroft had bitten me.

Leaning up on one elbow, he looked down at my naked body beside his. He trailed his hand across the span of my rounded tummy.

"You are that sort of woman. My sort of woman, Carrie. I'm going to introduce you to a world you never even knew existed. I need to know that no matter what I ask of you, you'll trust me and do it. Be mine. My submissive. You'll never want for anything ever again. I promise you."

Tears clouded my eyes as I nodded my consent. No man had ever wanted to claim me before. Now here was a gorgeous man, one who was way out of my league offering me a place in his bed.

"Good girl."

Ashcroft slipped from the bed and I sat up. "What... what am I supposed to call you?"

He turned to me with a smile. "In bed and when we're playing, you will call me Master. When it is just the two of us, you can call me David."

I nodded and smiled tentatively. "I'm sorry I ruined your dinner plans."

An evil grin spread across David's face. "Ruined them? Not at all. In fact, having you full of my cum at the club will be even better."

"Club?"

"Yes. Private, members only. It's where some of the richest men go to indulge their fantasies and check out each other's submissives. You will be the jewel in the crown."

David extended his hand towards me and helped me up from the bed. "I'll help you with your corset." He pulled me in against his hard body. "Trust me, Carrie." He whispered the words against my ear making my knees weak.

"I do." The words trembled out between my lips. I wasn't sure why but I did trust him. I was the one I didn't trust. I had let him seduce me so easily. What else was I capable of? The thought of that both thrilled and terrified me. What would I allow at the club? How far would I allow David to go?

CHAPTER THREE

David's fingers deftly pulled the ribbons tighter on the corset. I could feel the air in my lungs being pushed up and out of my chest. If he tightened it much more I wasn't going to be able to breathe at all.

"It's very tight." My voice had gone up a few octaves.

He tugged the ribbons again as though to show me he was in control.

"It's supposed to be tight. We wouldn't want you spilling out of it, now would we?" He pressed his lips against my ear as he spoke and my knees grew weak. What was it about this man that caused me to have such a visceral reaction?

One last tug on the ribbons and he was done. When he released them, my knees threatened to buckle beneath me. Why was I doing this? Was I really this desperate for affection that I was willing to let my boss take me to some strange club dressed like... I glanced in the mirror and all of my negative questioning fled my mind.

My breasts heaved against the red corset making my pale skin shimmer. My legs, encased in the leather boots, looked longer than I had ever seen them. There was something different about me that I couldn't quite put my finger on. David moved closer to me and pressed his hands against my naked hips pulling the lower half of my body closer to his. His breath whispered against my neck and I let my eyes flutter shut.

"You are beautiful, Carrie. Don't ever doubt it."

He moved away from me and pulled his tie off the edge of the chair and began to carefully re-knot it. His hands were so strong and they moved with such precision. I remembered the feel of them against my body and it brought a flush to my cheeks.

"Finish getting dressed." His voice had lost all of its warmth and it was back to the commanding, dominant tone I was used to.

With hands that shook I gathered up the leather skirt and tugged it up over my hips. The material clung to my skin, moulding against my ass. Every curve was visible and emphasised. I may as well have been naked. The slit exposed every inch of my thigh and each time I moved it opened, exposing me a little further.

"I won't let anything happen to you, Carrie. Trust me. You will be wearing far more clothes than some of the others there."

"Why are you taking me to this place?" I asked, finally finding my confidence. David looked confused for a moment. Clearly no one had ever questioned him in the past.

"If I am going to own you, if I am going to take you completely as my submissive, then I need to introduce you to my world. You need to know your place."

Uncertainty made my blood pump through my body faster. What if I didn't want to enter into his world? What if I just didn't fit in and I did something wrong? It wasn't just my pride at stake but my job and the strange attraction I felt towards David. If I messed up then my whole life was at risk.

As though he could read my mind he lifted his hand and reached out towards me. "Carrie, stop worrying. You will do just fine."

I moved to him and let him take my hand. His grip was firm and it made me feel safe. If I was going to do this with anyone, he really was the only one who could make me feel as secure as I did.

He pulled a cell phone from his pocket and dialled a number. "I'm ready for the car now." His voice was business-like as he spoke into the phone. He ended the call and pushed it back into his pocket.

"We should go."

I nodded and gathered up my keys and purse. Nerves swam in my stomach. After tonight how would I face him in the office? I followed him out of the apartment and locked the door. I stumbled once on the stairs and it was his strong arm around my waist that prevented me from tumbling down the steps.

All of my liquid courage from earlier had fled and I was left with a slight headache. I wasn't sure if I wanted to be doing this or not. My legs seemed to have the answer and they carried me forwards and into the large, black car that waited at the curb. When I was settled into the back seat David sat beside me, his hand idly skimming in underneath the leather skirt I wore. He traced patterns across my skin, simultaneously arousing me and making my nerves worse.

We travelled in silence. There was so much that I wanted to ask him but couldn't. My brain wouldn't allow my mouth to form the words and I was afraid that if I did open my mouth gibberish would come out.

I watched the scenery scroll by and tried to keep my nerves under control. Sitting in the back of the car in such close proximity to the man who had just recently been inside me made my tummy squirm. Just thinking about what he had done to me made my breath catch in my throat and I fought to regain control of my lungs.

"Relax, Carrie. You'll do fine." He squeezed my thigh reassuringly and my breathing very slowly returned to normal. I couldn't help but wonder if he knew what he did to me. Did he realise that simply from thinking about the pleasure he had brought me mere moments ago was enough to make me forget how to breathe?

The car slowed to a stop in front of a tall dark building. From the outside I couldn't see anything to indicate that there was anything inside. My curiosity got the better of me and I stepped out of the car quickly. It seemed whatever went on here was kept very quiet.

David followed me and whispered something to the driver. He returned his attention to me and placed his hand on the small of my back, guiding me towards the large dark doors.

A security pad sat on the wall and David swiftly entered a code. A small beep emitted from it and the door popped open. He never said a word to me as he ushered me inside and down the stairs that lay directly in front of the door. I looked up to my right and another staircase caught my eye. It wound upwards into the building but to what I did not know.

"Where does that staircase go?" I asked, pointing to the one off to the side.

"To the play rooms and some bedrooms. Some people like to share their submissives, others simply want an audience."

I swallowed hard. Sex with David was one thing, letting him share me with his friends was a different matter altogether.

"David, I'm not sure this is a good idea..."

My words were cut off as he grabbed my wrist and spun me against the wall. The brick was cold against my exposed flesh but it reminded me of what he had done to me earlier and I grew wet.

"When you're with me it is not your job to decide what is a good idea and what isn't. I decide what happens. I'm the one in control, Carrie. You won't come to any harm, I promise you that. But you must learn to trust me."

He wrapped his large hand around my throat and squeezed gently. I knew that if he wanted to he could keep tightening his grip until all the air left my lungs and I passed out. He let his other hand wander down to the slit in the leather skirt. Once there he slipped his hand beneath the material and traced his fingers against my wet pussy.

I was turned on. I couldn't deny it. The fact that he was far more powerful than me, that he controlled me, dominated me, made my knees weak and my cunt wet. In that moment I knew that whatever he asked of me I would do it.

My senses returned to me then. What was I doing? Had I lost all of my mind? As though he could sense my indecision, David released me. He strode away from me down the stairs without a backwards glance leaving me alone in the dark hall.

"I won't force you, Carrie. Either you want all that I offer or you don't. Your choice." His words bounced back up to me. I listened as a door opened and music poured out onto the staircase. Once it clicked shut, silence crawled back around me and I was left alone with my thoughts.

Did I want what he could offer me? What exactly was it that he was offering me, anyway? Doubt reared its ugly head and I did my best to crush it down inside. I took one step back up the stairs and paused. I had come this far, shouldn't I at least see what David was offering?

Squaring my shoulders, I started down the stairs. My heart thumped so loudly in my chest I was sure it would break through my ribcage and flop down the stairs in front of me. Reaching the heavy looking black doors I tried to calm my nerves. It was now or never. If I didn't go in now I would leave and never come back. Part of me wanted to turn and run back up the stairs. But when had I become so afraid? When had I become a coward? The thought spurred me on and I flung open the door.

The music washed over me and sucked me in. The heavy beat reminded me of the way David had felt as he thrust into me, with our heavy breathing, moans of ecstasy, and tangled limbs as he fucked me senseless. Music had always evoked such strong emotions within me. But this was much more than just a feeling. Arousal trickled down the inside of my legs as I scanned the crowd.

My body trembled as I searched for the one man who could make everything alright. If I could just find him then he would set me at ease. This was his scene, not mine.

Handsome men in expensive suits populated the room. I could almost smell the money. Women in various states of undress sat on or beside the men. David hadn't been lying when he had said I would be wearing the most clothes.

A man sat on a large chair nearest to me. A young woman was draped across his lap. She appeared to be naked, except for the silver chain that was loped over her waist and dipped down between the curve of her ass. The man was deep in conversation with another man but his fingers were idly playing and tugging at the silver chain. Every so often she would lift her head and cry out as the man slapped her arse hard enough to leave finger marks. He would then tug on the silver chain and the woman's expression would once again dissolve back into contented bliss.

My inexperienced mind was in turmoil as I took in the scene before me. With mounting desperation I scanned the room harder trying to catch sight of David. My eyes finally found him, only to discover that he was staring at me. He had watched me take in the club and the couples surrounding me. Knowing he had watched every emotion flit across my face made my stomach do summersaults. Why was this man always two steps ahead of me? Richard had never been like this. Safe and predicable Dick. I giggled a little as I thought of his shortened name.

The sight of a young, slender red head leaning in towards David and whispering in his ear caused my stomach to clench uncomfortably. She gestured towards the man who had stepped up to grip her elbow. For a moment I thought she was simply going to leave with the other man. And then something changed.

David turned from me. The look of disgust on his face as he pulled his gaze away from me was enough to make me feel sick. Something I had done, clearly upset him. Had he seen something on my face that had caused him to change his mind?

Tears burned the back of my eyes and throat as he wrapped his arm around the red-head's waist and towed her towards a dark corner in the back of the club. David had chosen and I repulsed him.

The feel of a man's large hand on the back of my neck made me jump.

"No collar and no escort? What's a tasty piece like you doing here all alone?" Normally the sound of the man's deep growling voice would have caused my knees to weaken. But not tonight. Tonight I felt as though someone had punched me in the gut. Tears threatened to course down my cheeks as I turned and fled.

Slamming into the heavy black door I tried to push it open. I needed to escape. Mortification ate at me as I dashed up the stairs. My ankle twisted beneath me as I slipped on the stairs and collapsed onto my knees. I had been so naive and stupid.

"Are you alright?" The strange man's voice crawled down my spine as I attempted to dash the tears from my face with the back of my hand.

"I'm fine. Just leave me alone," I snapped, anger bubbling to the surface. Yes I was angry at David, but I was furious with myself for behaving like a complete idiot. No doubt he was laughing at how ridiculous I looked with his little red haired beauty.

"Look, you're upset. Let me help you. I promise no funny business." I turned to look up at the handsome blond man. The small grin that quirked his lips gave him a boyish charm. He was the complete opposite of David in every way. He reached down and took my hand, helping me to my feet. When he touched my hand I felt nothing. Although he was handsome, tall, broad shouldered, with green eyes that twinkled with mischief, I felt nothing towards him. My head was filled with thoughts of David.

"Who were you here with?"

I sucked in a deep breath in an attempt to compose myself. I had made enough of a fool of myself tonight, there was no need to continue on in that vein. Lifting my chin I tossed my dark hair back over my shoulder.

"Who says I was here with anyone?"

The mysterious stranger smiled once more and shook his head. "I say so. Private members' club, Doms are the only ones allowed to hold a membership. And as lovely as you are, you are not a Dom. I can see it in the way you hold yourself, you're a sub. Therefore, you came here with someone." He leaned in against me as he spoke and the scent of his aftershave overwhelmed my senses. It was spicy and overly showy, I tried not to sneeze. He really was nothing like David. It was in that moment that I realised the feelings I was beginning to have for Ashcroft.

It was impossible. The world didn't work like that. Only Mills and Boons had people falling in love as quickly as they dropped their knickers. No, I wasn't in love with David but I certainly felt something towards him and it frightened me.

"Look, I'll get you a cab. You look as though you've had enough for the night." He wrapped his hand around my waist as he helped me hobble up the stairs. My mind was a million miles away as he helped me outside and flagged down a car. At this point all I wanted to do was go home and curl up in bed. I figured I was entitled to a little self-pity.

"He's an ass to let you go. If he upsets you this much he doesn't deserve you."

I smiled gratefully and sat into the cab. "Thanks. I'm sorry I took you away from the club. You've been very sweet."

He grinned at me again, flashing the boyish charm once more. "Ah the dreaded 'sweet' category. Here was I thinking I was being chivalrous but alas I'm little more than sweet." He threw some money into the front of the cab and closed the door.

"I didn't mean..."

He cut me off with a wave of his hand and stepped away from the car. I reeled off the address to the driver and the car pulled away. I turned to watch back at the club. Seconds before the car rounded the corner, David stepped out the door. I watched him speak to the blond stranger and then turn to watch the cab drive away.

With a sigh of relief I settled back against the seat. A lucky escape. The last thing I wanted to do after witnessing him in the club with the red head was talk to him about the situation.

No I would go home and spend the weekend licking my wounds and mentally preparing myself for Monday. A new job was on the cards. There was no way I could work for Ashcroft after this. My mother had always told me to never mix business and pleasure and she was right.

I swallowed back the tears as I rode home in the back of a taxi for the second time that day. Never again would I allow myself to lose control of myself around a man. Ashcroft with his dominance and strength had seduced me but I was wiser now. The next time I was tempted I would remember what happened the first time. Closing my eyes I settled back against the seat. Only one image haunted me. The way David had pressed his body against mine as he had pinned me beneath his strength. The press of his lips against my neck and the way his eyes burned into mine. With a sigh I opened my eyes and stared out of the window. It would take some time to shake the memory of David Ashcroft.

CHAPTER FOUR

Making it back to my apartment building, I wearily climbed the stairs to my own front door. Finding it unlocked sent shivers down my spine. Standing outside the door I fought with myself over the best course of action. I pulled the leather boots off and held one in front of me. The spiked heel was the perfect weapon for whatever intruder lay inside. Opening the door I crept into the hall.

My eyes wandered across the broken glass and spilled wine from earlier. A warm feeling spread through my belly as I remembered David's touch. With a shake of my head I cleared my mind of all thoughts of him. He wasn't here now. Someone else was. The sound of a bottle hitting the counter in the kitchen drew my attention.

As quietly as I could I made my way to the kitchen door and peeked through the gap. The man standing at the counter almost made me drop the stiletto I held. Banging the kitchen door open I watched him jump and it gave me a certain level of satisfaction.

Richard spun around to face me. I could tell from the moment I looked at him that he was drunk, or at least well on the way.

"What are you doing here?" I tried to make my voice sound as icy as possible. I wanted him to know that he wasn't welcome here. Clearly he had not returned his key like I had asked him to.

He focused his attention on me, his eyes travelling down over my attire. A sneer filled with lust lit his face and unconsciously I took a step back. Several times in the past Richard had tried to "rough up" our sex life. It was not something I had ever been interested in but I had gone along with it.

"Where were you?" There was a slight slur on his words. "I let myself in." His eyes lingered on my barely contained breasts before sliding down to the slit in my skirt. He licked his lips when he realised just how far up my thigh it revealed. "You never dressed like that when we were together. If you had... Well, I might have reconsidered my hasty decision."

"Grow up, Richard. I'm none of your business anymore. I don't want you here. Leave your key and get out." I was beyond angry. How dare he look at me like that. He had made his choice. The blonde in the coffee shop told me that.

I turned and stalked away down the hall. The kitchen door flopped open as Richard followed me. He grabbed my arm and turned me to face him once more. The smell of alcohol on his breath turned my stomach. What had I ever seen in him? He couldn't compare to David.

"Let me go." I shook free of his grip and faced off against him. He was thin, he certainly didn't hit the gym the way Ashcroft clearly did. However, I knew Richard was strong in a wiry kind of way.

"Come on, baby. For old times' sake. Looking at you all dressed up like that has me all hot and bothered." He grabbed my hand and pressed it against his crotch. The feel of his small erection made me sick.

"Why don't you just go back to your little blonde bombshell? I'm sure she would be more than happy to help you." I yanked my hand away as I spat the words into his face. For a second he seemed confused and then realisation dawned.

"Libby, wants to take it slow. She's a lady and I understand that. But a man has needs you know? You, Carrie, you were never a lady. I guess I never realised how much of a slut you really could be."

Without thinking I drew out and slapped him hard. The sound echoed in the hall. "Get out!" My hand shook as I pointed to the door.

"You want to play? Let's play then. I don't mind a bit of rough." Richard reached out towards me as though he hadn't heard my command for him to get out. I dodged out of his grasping grip and ran down the hall towards my bedroom. If I could just get into the room I could lock the door and call the cops. I skidded across the wooden floor and into the room. I slammed the door but Richard reached it before I could get the lock in place.

With one quick push he heaved the door open, knocking me backwards onto the floor. I hauled myself upright but the leather skirt slowed me down and tangled around my legs.

"I love when you run from me, Carrie." Richard wrapped his hand in my hair and dragged me kicking and struggling towards the bed. Pushing me onto the mattress he flipped me easily onto my stomach and pressed my face down into the rumpled sheets. The smell of sex and David's musky scent invaded my nostrils.

"No panties... I like it." Richard declared as he pushed the leather skirt up to reveal my naked ass.

"No!" I screamed and struggled as I heard the sound of him unbuckling his belt. And then he was gone. I was free. I dragged myself across the bed as the sound of cracking wood and a strangled cry of pain met my ears. Tears ran in rivulets down my cheeks as I turned to the scene of chaos.

Richard lay in a heap, pieces of broken dresser lay around him.

David stood over him. Anger rolled off him like waves of stormy water crashing onto the shore.

"Don't you ever touch her again. If you come near her, I will kill you. Do you understand?"

"Who the fuck are you?" Richard swore as he attempted to pull himself up from the wooden wreckage.

David pressed the toe of his highly polished black shoe into the middle of Richard's chest and pushed. Richard sprawled back onto the floor and winced.

"Seriously, this is none of your business. What I do with her doesn't concern you."

David laughed then and I shrunk back against the head board. I watched as he crouched down beside Richard.

"It concerns me when you try and harm what is mine. She doesn't want you. She has found someone who knows how to treat a beautiful woman. Now get the hell out of here."

Richard scrambled up off the floor and headed for the door. The look he threw at me over his shoulder made me grateful that David was in the room. I sat quiet and still until I heard the sound of the front door slamming.

"Carrie?"

The soft warm tone of his voice made tears spill down my face. I drew my knees up to my chin and sobbed. David wrapped his strong arms around me and cradled me against his chest.

"How did you get in?" I looked up into his blue eyes.

"The front door was open. I followed you from the club. I'm just sorry I didn't get here sooner. Why did you leave?"

Shock was beginning to numb my mind but at the mention of the club it brought back all my feelings of embarrassment from earlier.

"I saw you come into the club. I know you followed me down. But then you left before I had the opportunity to come over to you. Why? Did you get a better offer?"

Anger flared in my stomach and chased away my upset. "A better offer? The only one with a better offer was you! I saw her. Did you really expect me to hang around while you enjoyed yourself with her? I mean I know I don't compare to her but I thought you wanted me?" I climbed off the bed as I spoke. I didn't want his arms around me. They only clouded my judgement.

"Carrie, what are you talking about? What woman?" I watched as realisation finally fell across his face. "God no, Carrie, you have it completely wrong. She is not mine, nor do I want her. She belongs to one of my friends. I wanted to introduce you to her. Carrie, I have you. I don't want anyone else."

David crawled across the bed and stood in front of me. Relief washed through me. He didn't want her. He wanted me.

"I have so much to show you, to share with you." David brushed his hand across my cheek and I shivered. I knew what those hands could do. I pushed my face in against his hand and he took this as his invitation. He pulled my body against his and crushed me against his chest. He lowered his mouth to mine and kissed me softly. It was almost chaste. His lips massaged against mine until he slowly parted them. He nipped and licked at my lips, slowly drawing me in.

When he deepened the kiss I melted against him. His arms tightened around my body as he lifted me gently off the floor.

I broke from the kiss. "Not here... Not after..."

David smiled and swept me up into his arms. I squealed as he held me in his tight grip. I wasn't a waif, this had to be killing him.

"I can walk. I'm fine." I squeaked the words out as he carried me to the front door of my apartment.

"I'm aware you can walk. You do it beautifully in those high heels of yours. I've often watched you totter around the office. It gave me plenty to think about." Upon reaching the front door David stepped outside and swung me up and over his shoulder. I shrieked and clamped my hand across my mouth. The last thing I wanted to do was bring my neighbours out to their doors to watch my predicament.

"David, put me down!"

"Nope." I could hear the smile in his voice as he pulled the door shut after us and then started down the stairs. "I've always wanted to sweep you over my shoulder and drag you off to my cave. Although in my head you always struggled more." The hand that he had clamped across my legs slid slowly upwards until he was caressing my ass. I squirmed as he pinched my ass. As much as I was afraid of being over his shoulder I was also extremely turned on. Each step he took vibrated up through my body. The corset shifted across my torso slowly slipping down and exposing more of my breasts.

By the time we had reached the bottom step both breasts had escaped completely and were jiggling in my grip. David's pace increased as he left the apartment building and approached the black car that was pulled up at the curb. The driver opened the door as David slid me back down into his arms.

I did my best to cover my exposed breasts. I caught sight of the driver eyeing exposed flesh and colour quickly suffused my cheeks.

"David, I..." The words were quickly cut off as he bundled me into the back of the large car and crawled in after me.

"If I had thought you would escape from your corset I'd have carried you sooner." A wicked gleam lit up his eyes as he moved over me and pulled my hands away. He pushed my leather skirt up to my thighs before he gripped me tightly around the waist and pulled me onto his lap.

Arousal trickled down out of my slit as he settled me across his lap. Straddled across him I knew I would destroy his suit as my wetness coated my thighs. I moved with him as he tugged me forwards and took one swollen nipple into his mouth.

I closed my eyes and let my head fall back as he rolled the engorged nub between his teeth. His tongue flickered across the surface. Each time it rolled across the surface sparks of pleasure flared down through my body, making me wetter. David used his hands to press and squeeze my breasts. I wanted him in a way I had never wanted any other man before.

His hands snaked up over my shoulders and tangled in my long brown hair. Tugging my head down to his he crushed his lips against mine. The kiss stole my breath. His tongue invading my mouth reminded me of the passionate way he fucked me.

The car rolled to a stop and David moved me from his lap. He climbed out first and then helped me to the edge of the curb where he swept me once more into his arms.

"I can walk..."

"You've said that already. But you don't have any shoes on... What happened to them?"

Realising he was right I shrugged and kissed him hard. He staggered for a moment as I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him hard. When we pulled apart I wasn't the only one whose breathing was ragged.

"It's a long story that I'll tell you later..." I whispered the words against his lips as he held me tightly. David growled quietly and moved quickly to the door of his apartment building. I cringed as we entered the foyer and the doorman shot me a look of disbelief.

Crossing my arms over my chest I did my best to conceal what had escaped. David merely gave the man a tight lipped smile and headed straight for the lift. Even though we had already had sex I was still nervous. This felt different, somehow more intimate than before. My emotions swirled within me. I wanted David but something within me needed more. I didn't just want him to want me sexually but emotionally too. I shook my head in an attempt to push my thoughts out of my head as we exited the lift outside his apartment door.

I closed my eyes as he unlocked the door and brought me inside. When I opened my eyes once again and looked at my surroundings I gasped. His apartment appeared to be at least three times the size of mine. He dropped his keys on the black marble table that stood in the hall before slowly letting me slide down the front of his body until my feet touched the floor.

He took me by the hand and led me silently down the hall to the bedroom. When he opened the door and flicked on the light he didn't give me a chance to drink in my surroundings. Instead he swept me up in his arms and kissed me hard. I pressed my body tightly against his as he backed me slowly up against the king size bed.

I stumbled as my calves hit the edge of the bed. He pushed me down and crawled over me quickly.

"Don't you need to untie the corset?" I asked as he knelt over my body.

"No." The deep lust-filled tone that had crept into his voice made me tremble. Without getting off me he reached over to the bedside table and pulled out a large pair of scissors. The blades glinted in the light and nerves fluttered in my tummy. Pinned beneath him I couldn't escape and I began to panic.

He pressed the cool metal against my skin and I shivered in fear.

"Carrie, I won't hurt you. I promise. Do you trust me?"

I stared up into his deep blue eyes. He seemed so earnest and I knew he would not hurt me. He had given his word and part of me knew that he meant what he said.

I nodded but he quickly shook his head. "No, I need to hear you say it. I need to know that you trust me."

"I trust you..." My voice was barely above a whisper but I knew he heard me. The metal moved against my skin and I stifled a cry as the blades sliced through the fabric of my corset. He moved quickly, cutting the red lace into pieces until the top half of my body was completely naked.

He moved the scissors to the leather skirt I wore. With two quick snips the skirt gave way. Throwing the scissors away David smiled down at me and flipped back the skirt to expose me to his gaze. I couldn't stop the nervous giggle that erupted from my lips.

David pushed his fingers into me. It was then I realised how aroused I had become by him cutting the clothes off my body. I moaned and arched my back as he thrust his fingers deeper into me. My eyes fluttered open as David moved off the bed and pulled me with him.

"I..."

"Don't worry I won't leave you waiting. I have something much better planned." Leading me into the bathroom he walked me into the shower stall. It was large and easily could have fit several people.

David's hands slipped up across my waist as he turned me to face the wall. He pushed his hands up across my ribcage and gently brushed against the edge of my breasts. When he reached my arms he lifted them above my head and placed my hands on a metal bar. He moved quickly and secured my hands in place with two shining metal shackles. Tremors ran through my body as I realised I was trapped.

His hands left my body and he stepped away from me. The sound of him undressing hardened my nipples. When he stepped back in behind me he flicked on the shower and hot water cascaded down over my shoulders. I gasped as it splashed down across my exposed and erect nipples.

David's stiff cock pressed against my arse as he moved behind me. He gripped my hips and used his foot to kick my legs apart. I bent forward without even thinking about it and the shackles came with me. I pulled them down until they were taut and would go no further. My ass pressed back against David's cock. The feel of his hand slipping down between my legs made me moan.

The sensations of the water splashing down across my back and his fingers probing my feminine folds quickly built an orgasm within my body. I bucked and heaved against him as he fingered my clit. It was then he pushed his large thick cock up into my cunt.

I cried out and gripped the shackles tightly as he opened me up.

"Fuck, Carrie, you're so tight." He moaned as he slowly withdrew and then forced his cock back up inside me. With each thrust I whimpered and pushed back against him.

The orgasm built inside me as David's cock pushed against my G-spot each time he entered me. He used his hands to grip my hips tightly so he could pull me snugly against his flat stomach each time he entered me. His thrusts became more frenzied and my legs trembled as my body slowly tipped over the edge into the most earth shattering orgasm I had ever experienced.

My pussy clenched and spasmed sending warm liquid splashing down across David's cock. I screamed long and hard as my cunt continued to milk his cock.

"Carrie, I'm going to cum. I'm going to mark you as my bitch." He erupted then as I gasped for breath, his cock growing thicker and harder as he pushed it as deep inside me as he could. I could feel his hot seed as it pulsed and squirted into my belly. David was the only man to ever cum inside me and it was the most erotic feeling I had ever experienced.

He thrust his hips against me a few more times as his cock continued to spurt. The feeling of his warm seed inside me spread a grin across my face. Exhausted I let my body hang against the shackles that held me. David's cock slipped out of my body. He pulled me upright and spun me around to face him. The water splashed across my face as he crushed his mouth against mine in a deep kiss.

Giggling and coughing, I pushed him away and fought for air.

"You're insatiable, David. You can't possibly want more already?"

He grinned and released my wrists from their chains. "Well, not at this second, but give me a few minutes and I'm sure we could try round two. Although, I think you might need some time to recover. I have quite the plans for you and this," he said, pointing to the shackles, "was just the beginning. Tomorrow I want to present you with a business proposal, which I'm hoping you will agree to."

I swallowed hard as I stepped out of the shower and he wrapped a towel around my body. What did he mean by business proposal? I was his secretary so what could he possibly propose to me business wise? He led me back into the bedroom and cleared the bed of my tattered clothes.

"David, I have nothing to wear to bed?" I said, looking at the shredded clothes on the floor. The clothes I had arrived in were the only ones I had.

"In my bed, you don't wear clothes. I want access to your body at all times. I want to be able to see you. I want to know your body."

A blush crept across my cheeks as he tugged the towel away from me and played with my nipples as he spoke.

"Get some rest. I have some business to take care of, I'll come to bed later." He ushered me under the covers and I watched as he moved to the wardrobe and pulled on a robe. Without a backwards glance he switched the light off and left the room.

I lay in the king size bed on my own and stared up at the ceiling. Everything was moving so fast and my emotions were a tangled mess. My eyes grew heavy as fatigue washed over me. Maybe I could have just a quick sleep and let tomorrow take care of itself. I could leave before he even got up in the morning. That's what I would do. I'd wait until he came to bed and then I would leave quietly in the night. I'm sure he wouldn't mind if I borrowed some of his clothes.

Sleep swept over me and I let it. Now that I had a plan I felt much more relaxed and in control. I would deal with tomorrow when it came. Until then I would sleep and dream of the touch of David's hands against my body.

CHAPTER FIVE

Opening my eyes, I blinked hard, the watery morning sun surprising me as I stared at my strange surroundings. Where the hell was I? Memories flooded back to me slowly, of the night before. The club and the beautiful red-head. Richard and what he had done. And of course David. The way he had saved me. He had told Richard that he thought I was beautiful, that I belonged to him...

Carefully I turned in the bed but there was no sign of David. In fact it looked as though he had never come back to bed. A pang of sadness washed over me. Although this would make it easier to just get up and leave. Part of me it seemed had hoped that he would be asleep beside me.

Was I really so stupid and naive? It was sex, nothing more and nothing less. The simple fact that he had mentioned some type of business proposal last night proved that. Pushing back the covers I climbed out of the large bed. The remains of my clothes from the night before lay shredded on the floor.

As quietly as I could I opened his closet and rifled through it for something I could wear in order to return to my own apartment. The only thing that seemed in the least bit suitable was a large heavy raincoat. I dragged it from the hanger and wrapped it around my plump frame. I knew by looking at his shirts and trouser suits that none of them would fit me. I was curvy and my feminine figure was not something that would be easily restrained by such clothes.

Closing the buttons as quickly as my shaking fingers would allow I fastened the belt around my middle. At least no one would know I was naked underneath. If I got a cab I could be back at my own apartment in no time. It hit me then. I had no shoes. The shoes I had worn the night before were still in my own apartment.

Glancing down at David's shoes I quickly dismissed them. No, this was something I would have to do in my feet.

Making my way to the bedroom door I opened it and peeked outside. The room beyond appeared empty. It was my only chance. Without hesitation I dashed across the wide expanse of the lush room.

"What is it with you and always trying to sneak away?" The sound of his commanding voice halted me in my tracks. Fear trembled down my spine. Would he be mad that I had stolen his coat?

"Carrie, what are you wearing?" His voice had dropped several octaves as I turned to face him. Something simmered beneath the surface of his blue eyes. He was still wearing the robe from the night before and his hair was tousled. Clearly he had slept somewhere but it wasn't with me.

"I-I borrowed your coat. I told you last night I have no clothes here..."

"So you thought you'd what? Slip away without me noticing? Did you not enjoy last night?" The tone of his voice changed. It sounded to my inexperienced ears as though insecurity had slipped into his voice. But that was impossible. David Ashcroft had nothing to be insecure about when it came to me. Here was a man who could have any woman he desired.

"Last night was..." I stuttered, unsure of what words could adequately describe what had happened. What we had shared had changed me. He made me feel special, desired, and beautiful. No other man had ever come remotely close to making me feel that. But it was wrong. He was my boss. What would happen once he grew bored of me? How could I possibly work with him when I felt...

The word almost popped into my head but I squashed it down. I didn't love him. That was impossible. Lust perhaps. In fact lust was entirely plausible. The man was a walking advertisement for sex and debauchery. Knowing the pleasure he could give me, in his presence he made me want to strip off the coat and beg him to take me.

You could do that, chalk it up to one final fling with him before you walk away, the little voice of temptation urged me. Of course I could do it. But if I was honest with myself I didn't have the guts. Deliberately stripping in front of a man like David, in front of any man, was beyond my capabilities. What if he rejected me? The intelligent part of my brain knew this was improbable. He had already seen me naked. He had been the one to cut my clothes off me. He had told me he wanted me naked. He wanted access to my body.

But the stupid insecure side of my head won as it always did. He would see how desperate I was, he would find me repulsive.

"Carrie, what happens to you? I watch you disappear off into your head. Your face fills with doubt. Is it something I've done?"

There it was again, that note of insecurity. Was I imagining it?

"Did you enjoy last night?" His voice was stronger now. The commanding tone had returned and I was compelled to answer.

"Yes..." A blush spread across my cheeks.

He took a step closer to me. His masculine scent invaded my head. I wanted to reach out and pull him against my body. As though he read my mind he reached out to me, his hand closing around the end of the belt on his coat that I wore.

"I've never seen this coat look so appealing before..." His voice was husky.

My mouth had gone dry and all my words had fled. I had no defence against this man and I had a feeling the more time I spent in his arms the harder it would be when he pushed me away.

His fingers worked quickly, undoing the belt and opening the buttons. As each one popped open I felt his eyes hungrily devouring every inch of my naked skin.

"Why did you try and leave? Why sneak away?" His voice was threaded with authority. My body shook softly as he pushed the coat open and revealed my exposed flesh.

"I don't know..."

"Not good enough." He pinched my nipple hard. The sensitive bud sprang to life. A small sound escaped my lips, a combination of pleasure and pain.

"Now tell me. Why did you try and leave? What are you trying to escape?"

"I-I..." Words failed me. How could I tell him? He wouldn't understand.

He pressed his body against mine, manoeuvring me backwards until my ass hit the kitchen counter. He lifted his hands and carefully cupped my face. His head dipped low. His tongue trailed a path of fire from my neck down to my chest.

He whispered against my skin, "Why were you running from me? What are you afraid of?"

My eyes were closed and my head thrown back. The feel of his lips and hands on my body was too much. I couldn't fight him and the words tumbled out of me before I could even think to stop them.

"I'm afraid of getting hurt."

The words hung between us. David froze, his breath the only indication that he was still there, that he was alive. He pulled away from me. The look in his blue eyes made me cringe.

"You're afraid of me? Afraid I'll hurt you?"

"Yes." I met his gaze with a searching one of my own.

"Carrie, I thought you were enjoying what we had? What we shared?"

His words stung. Although I knew that for him this was little more than sex; I was rapidly starting to realise for me it was a little more.

"I do. I mean I am... But..."

"But what?"

He moved away from me and pushed his hand back through his hair. He puffed out his cheeks and exhaled heavily.

"I've never done this sort of thing before. It's always been more than just sex."

"So you're telling me that what you and Richard had was more than just sex? It might have been more than that for you but for him it was definitely all about what he could get from you."

I slowly began to close up the coat I was wearing. My stupid brain had once more gotten in the way. I could have had David. He made me feel special and beautiful and I could have had it for as long as I wanted. But no, I had to over think everything. I swallowed back my tears and pushed the hurt deep down inside myself. I wasn't going to let him see how much it hurt.

"Where are you going?" He growled at me. The words trickled from between his lips. I could feel the anger rolling from his body in waves. "Carrie, I want you. I've already told you that. Why is that so hard for you to believe? I WANT YOU."

He spoke the words loudly placing emphasis on each letter as though I was a child who couldn't understand what he was saying. He moved back towards me and wrapped me in his arms. His hands slid inside the coat slowly, pressing in against my skin and dragging me in tight against his body.

When he kissed me, a frisson of desire passed between us. It surprised me and I moaned softly, my mouth opening to him. He nibbled along my lips before tangling his tongue with mine. I melted against him, my body limp in his arms.

I broke the kiss. My arms pushed against his chest. The little voice of reason screamed at me. What was I doing? Was I crazy?

David looked at me with a surprised expression. "Carrie?"

"I have to go. I'm sorry, I need time to think. After everything that's happened with Richard and now you. I just need some time to get my head straight."

David sighed and released me from his grip. I could see the disappointment in his eyes, as though I had just failed some sort of test. But I couldn't help it. I did need time to think. I needed to get as far away from David as I possibly could and sort things out in my head.

"Fine. But I won't wait very long for you. If you don't come back by tomorrow morning then that is it. My offer is off the table."

"Offer?" Was this the business proposal he had spoken of?

"When you return-if you return-then I have a proposition for you. But not until you return. I need you to be sure, Carrie. I don't want someone who will flake out on me at the last moment or when they're a little unsure about something. I need someone who wants to be here. Who wants what I can give them. I thought that was you. But we'll see." He turned his back on me and moved away.

I had failed some sort of test and now here I was caught up in another one. How did I get myself into these predicaments?

Once more I closed my coat and headed for the door. His voice made me pause.

"I'll have my car bring you home." His voice was cold and he never looked at me as he spoke. It was as though he was mentally withdrawing from me already. I turned and opened the door but he was there first, his hand closing over mine. He wrapped his arms around my body and lifted me from the floor.

"I haven't forgotten that you have no shoes." He carried me from his apartment and down to the elevator.

"David."

He shot me a cold look before I could get the rest of my sentence out. I sealed my lips together and he held me in silence as the lift travelled down. Upon reaching the ground floor I expected to be shamed as people coming in and out of the apartment building saw me in my dishevelled state. But when the doors opened I was relieved to discover we were in the underground car park.

David carried me to the car. The engine was already idling and the driver didn't seem fazed by David carrying me out of the building only hours before he had carried me in. The driver held the door and David slid me in across the seat.

I looked up into his eyes but he was completely shut down. I couldn't see any flicker of emotion as he fixed the coat around my thighs. I was his secretary once again. No more and no less.

He closed the door and watched as the driver got in behind the wheel.

"I'm going to-"

"I know, ma'am." The driver cut me off before I could share my address. Colour mounted my cheeks as I sat back against the cold leather. No doubt he thought I was some type of one night stand that David had picked up.

Well, isn't that what you are? the little voice in my mind piped up. I couldn't deny it. It was right. I was little more than a one night stand but it was my fault it had gone this way. If I had just kept my mouth shut. If I had crushed my doubts and fears down inside me then this wouldn't be happening. I could have enjoyed what he was willing to offer me and been happy. For once in my life I could have had what I wanted and been happy. But my stupid insecurities had to get in the way.

I stared out the window as the city passed by. I needed to decide what I wanted. And if I wanted any hope of having anything with David then I needed to do it before tomorrow morning.

CHAPTER SIX

The car pulled up to the curb and the driver hurried around to my door. Gingerly I put my bare feet on the ground. It was cold but at least it looked kind of clean.

"Thank you," I said, my voice barely more than a whisper.

"Just doing my job." The driver's voice was cold and aloof. No doubt he saw plenty of women come and go from David's apartment.

I hurried inside and up the stairs. Once I reached my own apartment and discovered it to be safely locked just as it had been left, I was relieved. Entering the apartment I scanned each room. It seemed Richard had not returned.

I peeled the coat off and immediately climbed into the shower. The warm water ran down over my skin washing David's scent from my body. My thighs were sticky and I scrubbed at them with soap. David had been the first man to ever cum inside me. He had said he was marking me. Marking me as his. Luckily I didn't have to worry about any unplanned side effects. The little pill I took every evening saw to that.

But still it had to mean something. Or was it something he told every woman he took to bed? Tears ran down my face and mingled with the water. Even the shower reminded me of him. The way he had held me. Cuffed my hands before pushing into me.

And then when it was over. The way he had spun me around and kissed me. My lips tingled at the thought of his kiss. Everything about him screamed that he was wrong for me and yet there was a part of me that felt differently. If I ignored my better judgement and went to him. If I let him own me, was I really making such a huge mistake? I had never once had these sorts of thoughts or feelings where Richard was concerned, or any other guy for that matter. What made David Ashcroft so damned special?

Climbing out of the shower, my apartment buzzer made me jump. The shrill sound grated against my building headache. Who the hell was here at this time of the morning?

Grabbing my robe I pulled it tight around my body and ran to the door. I pressed the answer button. "Who is it?" My voice was breathless. I used the towel I was holding to dry off the wettest areas of my hair before it dripped all over the floor.

"I'm not sure if you remember me from last night. I didn't get to give you my name. I'm Robert. Robert Hatcher. I helped you leave the club and find a cab?"

My heart sped up. How the hell had he found me? And what was he doing here?

"Yeah..." I wasn't sure what to say. What did you say to some guy you had a fleeting conversation with who turned up on your doorstep?

"Look, I don't mean to be weird or anything. It's just you seemed really upset last night and I just wanted to make sure you were alright."

He sounded kind and very genuine and when I thought about the smile he had, it softened my initial reaction.

"Give me five minutes. Um, I need to finish getting dressed." The moment the words left my mouth I cursed my stupidity. He didn't need to know I was naked or even semi-naked. In fact the less he knew about my nakedness the better. I had enough men to worry about without adding another.

"Oh," was all he replied, but that one word held enough lust to create a tight band around my chest.

I moved away from the buzzer and ran for my room. Clothes flew as I scrambled to find something suitable. Obviously I wasn't going to let him in. I would simply pretend I was on my way out. Then there would be none of the usual awkwardness that usually accompanied these types of meetings.

There was something about his name though that struck a chord with me. I recognised the name Hatcher but I wasn't sure from where. Dragging on a pair of jeans and a blouse, I attempted to arrange my hair into some sort of respectable style. It was impossible and it refused to cooperate in any way.

With a sigh I left it and grabbed my jacket and purse. I locked the door carefully behind me. The last thing I wanted was a repeat of the night before. Although if Richard hadn't returned my key then locking the door wasn't going to stop him from getting in. Mentally I planned and decided that calling a locksmith was probably the safer idea.

I hurried down the stairs and paused on the final step. Just a few hours ago I was leaving my apartment with David. It was strange how in such a short span of time things could change. I shook myself mentally. If I had made up my mind that he was bad for me then why was I still thinking of him? Why were all of my thoughts consumed by him?

I could make out what I presumed was Robert's silhouette outside the doors. He was tall and broad shouldered. If I remembered correctly then he was everything that a woman could possibly want in a man.

I pushed open the door and stepped out into the sunshine. The look he gave me would have made another woman weak at the knees but not me. He was far too happy and had a shiny new feel to him. He reminded me of what I had always thought a playboy might be like. Handsome, far too much money, and very sleek. I couldn't imagine Robert having any trouble charming a woman into his bed.

"Carrie?" he asked, his boyish grin lighting up his face. It was then I noticed it. Although his smile was disarming and no doubt used to put people at ease, the smile didn't reach his eyes. Oh they sparkled and lit up in the same way that his smile lit up his face but there was no happiness in his eyes. They were cold and for the first time since I had met him I was intrigued about this man. If he was so carefree and had time to chase down women he had met for just a few moments, why were his eyes so cold?

"That's me. As you can see I'm fine after last night."

"David, went after you. He seemed very concerned about you. Are you two an item?"

The bluntness of his question took me by surprise. For a moment I wasn't sure how I should answer. We weren't really an item but I knew a large part of me wanted to change that.

"It's complicated," I answered with a sigh and Robert gave me a very knowing smile. Although I wasn't in the least bit sexually attracted to this man-at least not in the way I was attracted to David-there was something about him that made me want to get to know him.

"How do you and David know each other?"

Robert smiled. "We don't know each other that well. I'd consider us to be more acquaintances that anything else. Ships passing in the night, if you will."

"Oh." I chewed my lip thoughtfully before continuing. "Well, as you can see I'm perfectly fine. Nothing to worry about. It was lovely of you to be so concerned." I moved away and headed down the street.

"Fancy a coffee? I know a lovely little place not far from here. Perhaps there we can get to know each other a little better?" He gave me his best boyish smile again. It didn't touch his eyes and I could feel some sort of tension radiating from him. There was something very odd about this man. And I was determined to get to the bottom of it.

I smiled back at him in an attempt to make him think I was succumbing to his charms. I wasn't very good at it. I never had been very good at concealing my real thoughts and feelings.

"Alright. I guess I could do with it. I missed my usual morning coffee."

Robert raised an eyebrow at my statement and smiled. "Ah, too busy, were you?"

Colour pooled in my cheeks and I turned away from him. How could he possibly think this was endearing?

"So I recognise your name from somewhere. Hatcher? It rings a bell but I'm not sure how I know it..." I once again started to walk down the street and he matched my pace easily.

"Hatcher Industries. It's a company my father owns. One day I'll take it over from him. That is if he ever decides to retire."

Hatcher Industries was one of the accounts our firm took care of. If I remembered correctly it was the very one that had accused David of messing up the file transfer. The one that David had punished me for. I blushed as I remembered the feel of his strong hands on my ass. I had never been spanked before. But with David doing it, it had felt absolutely right. I would have given anything at that moment to have David drive up and bend me over the bonnet of his car. Even with everyone on the street watching I would have let him do whatever he wanted to me. It was a strange feeling to know that I would give every part of myself to that man. I would let him do things to me that I had only ever dreamt about late at night.

He was a man who could possess me completely and I could become lost in him.

"Penny for your thoughts?" Robert's voice made me jump and brought me back to reality with a bump. How long had I zoned out for? This was exactly the reason why David had punished me in the first place. The realisation made me giggle.

Robert opened the door of the coffee shop we had stopped outside of. I noticed then that his hands were smaller than David's. It made me long for his strong touch. The way he placed his hand on my lower back and guided me into a room. When he had done it, it had made me feel safe.

"Carrie, it's like you're on another planet. Have I done something wrong?" I looked at Robert's concerned face. He was being so nice and here I was acting like some sort of space cadet weirdo.

I shook my head and smiled. "I'm fine, really. I just need to get some coffee inside me."

Robert grinned and let me step inside. "Then I think you're going to like this place."

I took a seat whilst he went to the counter and ordered our drinks. When he returned we made idle chit chat that seemed to go on forever. I could sense he wanted to ask me something else entirely but hadn't yet gotten up the courage to do it. Having that feeling made me feel a little nervous.

Finally he got up the courage and when he cleared his throat I knew he was finally going to get to the heart of the matter.

"So you work for David?"

"Yeah, I've been his secretary for nearly a year now. Why?"

"No real reason I just find it strange that you work for him and you would indulge him in some of his darker fantasies." Robert lifted the coffee cup to his mouth and took a sip. I was intrigued. What did he mean darker fantasies? Yes, the club had been an odd experience. But David hadn't done anything yet that I could really attribute to a dark side.

"What do you mean? I haven't indulged him in any dark fantasies or..." I cut myself off before I could continue. It really was none of Robert's business what we got up to in the bedroom and I certainly wasn't going to share any intimate details.

"Oh, well my mistake then. It's just when I saw you at the club last night and I found out you were with him I just assumed."

"Assumed what?" My voice had taken on a hostile tone. I couldn't help it. Every fibre of my being told me I should like Robert but I didn't. There was something off about him that let me know he was a bad idea.

"Carrie, really it's nothing. You said it yourself he hasn't tried his idea of fun with you. Clearly you are something different for him. It's just, I like you and I wouldn't want to see you get hurt."

I opened my mouth and then closed it. He liked me? How could he? He didn't know me and I didn't know him. Was this how it worked for everyone else? Guys told them how they felt. It was something my friends had spoken about but it had never happened to me.

"Look, Carrie, I can see that you care about Ashcroft. But I'm going to tell you this as a warning. He's a user. He likes to seduce women just to prove that he can. He has taken subs from other Doms in the club. He doesn't have many friends there. Quite a few members would like to see him disappear. But I wouldn't want anything to happen to you. I don't want him to use you up and spit you out like the others. You're worth more than that." Robert reached out and tucked some of my stray brown hairs that had escaped my hair tie back behind my ear. His touch left me cold.

"I have to go." I stood, my hasty movement shaking the table and spilling the coffee. It spilled across the surface and straight down onto Robert's lap. He jumped back but it was too late.

Part of me wanted to giggle as I watched the dark stain spread across his grey trousers. The sensible, responsible part of me forced me to apologise.

"I'm so sorry. Really, Robert, I am. I have to go." I ran from the coffee shop and down the street. This had clearly been a mistake. I should have pretended I wasn't in. Or just told him to leave.

The sound of a man's footsteps following me down the street made me speed up. It was an irrational reaction but being chased had that effect on me. Especially after the night before with Richard.

"Carrie, wait."

I stopped outside my apartment and reached for my handbag, thinking if I could get inside the door before he reached me I would be safe. Panic brought bile up my throat as I realised I didn't have my bag.

"Carrie, you forgot your bag." Robert sauntered the last few metres to my side and handed it to me. Shame prevented me from looking him in the eye. I had behaved despicably and here he was still being nice and gracious.

"Look, I know this is weird for you. And I'm sorry about what I said about David. But do you think I could come up and get cleaned up?"

I glanced down at his ruined trousers and nodded. It was the least I could do. I fumbled through my bag and fished out my keys. I remained silent as I let him in and we climbed the stairs. It was an absurd situation. Only a few days before I had been contemplating my future. No man in my life and no sign of ever having one. Now here I was with David and Robert. I didn't count Richard. He was a Dick in more ways than one.

But David was unlike any man I had ever been with. He was different. Something in him spoke to me. It hit me then. What was I doing? I was mad. Walking away from him had been the worst mistake I could have made. I wanted him and if he wanted me then what was I worried about?

I opened the front door of my apartment and stepped inside. The broken glass on the floor caught my eye and it brought memories of the night before flooding back. He knew exactly what to do to my body to get me to respond to him. He pushed all of my buttons. What I needed to do now was learn to push his right back.

"The bathroom is just back there." I indicated to a door down the hall and left Robert to find his own way. Heading into the kitchen I pulled open the fridge and took out a bottle of chilled water. I had made up my mind as soon as Robert was cleaned up and he left I was going back to David.

I had been foolish to leave him. He made me feel things like no other had in the past. I owed it to myself to find out just what he could offer me. After all what was the worst that could possibly happen?

"Carrie, can you come here for a minute?" The sound of Robert's voice from down the hall drew my attention. There was no way he could get the coffee stain out of his trousers but he could at least dry it. Heading to the bathroom I knocked on the door.

"It's okay, you can come in. I just want to ask you something."

Without thinking I pushed opened the door. I stumbled back into the hall in shock as I caught sight of Robert. He had stripped off all of his clothes. His wet trousers lay across the towel rack and I could see that he had made no attempt to dry them.

The fact that he was naked was bad enough but it was his erection that had me shielding my eyes.

"What the hell are you doing?" I asked, my voice high and breathy-but it wasn't excitement I was feeling.

"I know you want this, Carrie. I've sensed the connection between us from when we met last night. But I have just one thing. You called me sweet. And, well, I am anything but sweet." He moved out of the bathroom and cornered me in the hall. His hands wrapped into my hair and he kissed me hard.

For a moment I was shocked and couldn't move. Surely this wasn't happening. The moment I felt his erection press against my stomach I knew it was. I pushed him away and wiped my hand across my mouth.

"How dare you!" My voice was shaky as I tried to scrub the taste of him off my lips.

Robert smiled and shrugged his shoulders. "Carrie, it's just a matter of time. Why fight it?" He made to move towards me again but the buzzer sounded.

His smile grew even bigger and a curl of suspicion grew in my stomach. The buzzer sounded again and Robert started to laugh.

"Carrie, you should see your face."

I didn't want to answer the buzzer. The way Robert was looking from me to it told me everything I needed to know. For some reason he knew exactly who was downstairs.

"It's rude not to answer the door." His grin curved up into a sly smile. If I didn't answer then I knew he would find a way to get inside. David was very determined when he wanted to be.

I slid my hand across the buzzer and answered.

"Carrie, it's David. Look I don't like how we left things this morning. Can I come up? I just want to... to see you. When I got your message... Well let's just say I've behaved stupidly. It's just I've never met a woman like you before who intrigued me so much..."

I opened my mouth to answer him, but it was as though Robert had been waiting for his opportunity.

"Carrie, come back to bed." He spoke the words over my shoulder and directly into the speaker. There was no mistaking the sound of his voice and what the tone implied.

"You have a guest." David's voice had turned icy and a shiver ran down my spine.

"David, wait, I can explain." But the only sound on the intercom that I could hear was static. He was gone.

Cursing, I turned back to Robert who had retrieved his clothes from the bathroom and was tugging them on. He smiled at me. Anger blurred my vision and my body shook.

"Why? Why would you do that?" Tears spilled down my cheeks, hot and heavy.

"Nothing personal, sweetheart. This is something between me and David. Call it an old score."

"But why? I don't understand. What did I have to do with it?"

"You were perfect. Played right into my hands. If I'm honest, I'm not sure what David sees in you. Usually he prefers the skinnier types. But you do have a certain charm, I suppose." He buttoned his shirt as he spoke.

"But..." My words were choked off with tears, which I scrubbed angrily from my face.

"God, you are gullible. David cares about you. You are different. He has never behaved this way with a woman before. He has never chased a woman before. So I knew you were his weakness."

"Weakness for what? Why would you do this to him? To me? It doesn't make any sense."

"I told you. It's payback. Some say it's a bitch." He gave me his boyish smile and my hands itched to slap it right off his face.

"Anytime you fancy some no-strings fun, give me a call." He dropped his card on my table and opened the front door. "It's been a blast. Hope you have a good evening." He left and his laughter echoed in the hall. I ran after him and slammed the door.

He had ruined it. David now thought I was playing away with another man when really the only man I was interested in was him. I needed to salvage it. If Robert was right and David did care about me then I stood a chance of fixing it and setting it straight.

I needed to go to him. I had to show him that he was the only one for me. If that meant agreeing to his proposition, no matter what it was, then so be it. My future happiness depended on me fixing this issue.

CHAPTER SEVEN

The ride over in the taxi was excruciating. Although I had just been to his apartment the night before, being driven there by someone who knew the way and giving directions to someone who didn't were two very different experiences.

When the car finally pulled up in front of an apartment building that looked somewhat familiar I jumped out. I flung some cash into the front seat before looking up at the building before me. All I could do now was hope that he was in. If he wasn't then I would just have to sit and wait for him. However long it took. I would wait for him.

I pushed open the doors of the lobby and scanned the area. The door man looked familiar and I let out a sigh of relief. Being in the right place was the first step. Making my way over to the desk I tried to calm my nerves. If David refused to see me I wasn't sure what I could do.

"I'm here to see, Mr Ashcroft, David Ashcroft."

The doorman gave me a disapproving look before picking up the phone.

"Who may I say is here?" he asked as he placed his hand over the receiver.

"Miss Grant." I squared my shoulders and pushed my hair back off my face. I didn't need to let the doorman see that his disapproving looks were getting to me. After everything that had happened I already felt bad enough. Part of me wondered if he remembered me from the night before. Perhaps that was part of the reason for his objections to me.

The doorman replaced the receiver and gave me a hard look. "Take the elevator to the second floor." He turned away from me and I didn't thank him. As far as I was concerned he was judging me unfairly. He didn't even know me.

Getting into the elevator I tried to take several deep breaths. My mind was in chaos and my stomach was full of butterflies. Would I be able to go through with this? Would I truly be able to submit to David? How hard would it be?

I had heard plenty of horror stories about women abused by men under the pretence that it was mutual pleasure. David wasn't like that. Or was he? Nervousness made me chew my fingernails. And when the elevator came to a halt and pinged open, I jumped.

Closing my eyes I sucked in a deep breath. I needed to do this. I needed to know if we had a future. I stepped out into the hall and looked up and down its length before I spotted David's door. It was the only black door in the hall. I hadn't paid too much attention to it the night before. I had been far too engrossed in what David was doing to my senses and my body.

Standing outside the door I rang the bell. Several seconds dragged by and I was sure David wasn't going to answer the door. When he did, my heart sank.

He gave me a cold hard stare. He looked at me as though I were a stranger and it hurt to see him do it. I knew that from his perspective it was justified. But if he knew me, the way he claimed to know me, then he would know that I wasn't the type to randomly pick up men.

We stood staring at each other and several moments passed by. Finally I gathered enough courage to speak to him.

"Can I come in?" My voice came out more as a squeak than a normal human voice.

He merely stepped away from the door and moved further into the apartment. I followed him inside and shut the door.

"Look, about earlier..." I started but he cut me off.

"It is none of my business. I was a little disappointed to see that you had lied to me but it is not something that I can't get over."

"Lied to you?" I asked. Confusion clouded my mind.

"I asked you last night had you received a better offer. And you denied it. I see now that you had. Tell me, Carrie, what could he give you that I didn't?" David's voice remained cold and clinical. It was almost as though he were discussing the pros and cons of an account at the firm.

"David, you don't understand-I didn't receive a better offer."

"Carrie, I'm really not interested in what you get up to in your free time. I understand now why you could not agree to my proposition and why you were so confused."

"Stop it!" I yelled. I lifted my hands and ran them through my hair. He was being deliberately obstinate. If he would only stop for a moment then I could explain everything.

He watched me, his dark eyes filled with hurt and accusation. It surprised me to see such emotion there. In a moment it was gone and once again his eyes were unreadable.

"I didn't get a better offer. I wasn't lying. What happened earlier was a huge misunderstanding. One I hope you can shed some light on. I take it you know Robert Hatcher?"

David had the good grace to look surprised. "What has Robert got to do with any of this?" Understanding slid across David's face. "It was Robert. You slept with Robert Hatcher." His voice stabbed the words at me and I covered my face with my hand.

"No. I didn't sleep with anyone. Why are you so determined to believe that I did? David, I'm here because I've made my choice. I want to agree to your proposition. Whatever it entails, I want it, all of it. I want what you can give me."

He looked sceptical as he paced around the room like a caged animal. "I heard him there, Carrie. I heard what he said."

I moved towards him and put my arm on his shoulder. He froze for a second and looked down at where I held him. When he turned towards me the look in his eyes surprised me. There was an intensity deep within him that threatened to burn me if I got too close.

"I'm bad for you, Carrie. Look at what I've put you through already. Are you sure this is what you want?"

I swallowed back my fear and let my feelings for the man before me bury it deep within me. "Tell me what I have to do." I whispered the words.

"Give me one week. You will be mine for one whole week starting from now. If after that time you decide that this is not for you, if it is too much, then so be it, I will release you and you can go on to live your own life. But for this one week, Carrie, you will be mine completely. Everything I say you will do. Do you think you can do that?"

I nodded and then remembered what he had told me before. He needed to hear me say the words. "Yes. I can do that."

"For one week I will be your master. You will not touch another man unless I agree to it first."

"Yes, Master..." The words tripped off my tongue. It sounded so easy.

David growled and swept me up into his arms. His kiss was bruising and when he bit my lip I moaned. When he drew away from me my knees were weak and my head swam with lust. I had not realised until he kissed me just how much I craved his touch.

"When you are around me unless I tell you otherwise you will wear the clothes I pick out for you. Or you will remain naked. Is that clear?"

Very slowly he tugged my t-shirt off and unclipped my bra. My jeans quickly followed until I was down to my underwear. He turned me around and pushed my upper body down across the marble. The cold surface bit into my skin and my nipples hardened.

A stinging blow had me jerking upwards. Heat spread out from the place he had spanked me. His hand smoothed across my skin, caressing the sore area.

"When I tell you something you will answer 'Yes, Master'."

My breathing was coming in shaky gulps and it didn't even occur to me to answer. When his hand came down on the exposed flesh of my arse again I jerked up and let out a moan.

"Yes, Master." The words came out in one long shaking breath.

I spread my legs apart just a little. My knickers were wet and I longed to feel David press his fingers against my most sensitive area.

His laugh made me blush and I tried to pull my legs back together but another stinging blow halted me.

"I like it when you behave wantonly. It lets me know how much you enjoy what we share." He turned me back around to face him once more. His kisses were soft and gentle and within moments I was wrapping my arms around his neck. I wanted him. No, I needed him. He pulled out of my grip. The look in his eyes was all dark, all predator. I knew then I should have been afraid but I wasn't.

David tugged his tie off and quickly wrapped it around my wrists. The silk bit into my skin as he pulled it tight but it was tempered with pleasure as he nibbled down along the side of my neck.

Effortlessly he lifted me onto the kitchen counter and pushed me down onto the hard marble surface. He pulled my hands up above my head and wrapped the end of his tie around the taps.

He stepped away from me and looked down at my body. Part of me wanted to cringe away from his penetrating gaze. I was so flawed. Why he wanted me in the first place was beyond me.

He walked away and I strained against the tie to watch where he was going. He disappeared into a room beside his bedroom and when he returned he was carrying something.

Carefully he laid the items out on the counter beside my naked body. I struggled as he lifted the blindfold and pushed it down over my eyes.

"Remember, Carrie. One week. You agreed to this."

His words made me go still. Desperately I wanted to see what else he was doing. The sound of buzzing made me jump. Butterflies turned to moths in my stomach as the buzzing grew close to my ears. When it touched against my nipples I jumped and moaned. The vibrations cascaded down through my body, sending ripples of desire down to my pussy. It was as though my nipples and my pussy were connected.

When the vibrations moved down over my abdomen I was a little disappointed until I realised where it was heading. David's deft fingers pushed the panties I was wearing to one side as he pushed the little vibrating toy in against my clit. He secured it there by pushing my panties back over it. It buzzed and tingled against my clit. I couldn't stop the moans of pleasure that spilled from my lips.

All he was doing was making me want him more. My pussy longed to feel him push into me. I wanted him inside my body. I thrashed and heaved in an attempt to dislodge the little vibrating toy that was pushing me closer and closer to an orgasm.

"David... I... David..." I couldn't form coherent sentences anymore.

His whispered voice against my ear drove me closer to a tipping point. "Just give in, Carrie. Let go. Give me your orgasm."

Something cold and metallic clamped down over my nipples and I cried out. The combination of the pain and pleasure was too much for me. I came, my orgasm ripping through my body like a tornado. It left me in a quivering mess.

Then I was falling. I screamed as my body slipped off the counter and down towards the ground. David's hands caught me and pushed me against the counter. Lifting me by the ass he held my body up and I wrapped my legs around his waist. The little toy continued to buzz against my clit as he pushed my knickers aside and thrust into me. The feel of his large cock inside me so soon after an orgasm had me crying out.

He had freed my hands from the taps but they were still bound as he thrust up into me repeatedly. The blindfold made the experience far more intense. Each move of his body against mine sent frisson's of electricity coursing through my body.

He held me tightly in his arms as he pumped his cock into me. The toy buzzed continuously and the combined sensation of his shaft stroking in and out of my body sent me spiralling into another screaming, limb weakening orgasm.

David's hoarse voice whispered against my ear, "I'm going to cum, Carrie. I'm going to cum in you and you will be mine. Marked inside. When other men see you they will know you belong to me."

He cried out and gripped my body tightly in his arms, crushing the air from my lungs. I could feel his thick warm cum filling my pussy and it made me feel complete. When he was inside me it was as though all the pieces of the puzzle had finally fallen into place. When he filled me it felt as though I had come home.

Spent, he let me slide to my feet and the buzzing toy dropped to the floor. But my body refused to hold me upright. He caught me as my legs buckled beneath me. He swept me up into his arms and carried me. Moving but not knowing where I was going was an unusual experience. I pushed the blindfold up and blinked in the light. He carried me into his bedroom and set me on the bed.

I trembled after such intense orgasms. David's hand brushed against my cheek and his fingers came away wet. It was then I realised I had been crying. I blushed and tried to wipe the tears from my cheeks.

"Shush, don't." His hands stopped mine. "It's nice." He smiled for the first time and my heart somersaulted.

"Do you think you'll be able to manage a week?" he asked, his voice teasing.

"If it's like that, then piece of cake." I grinned up at him.

"Carrie, so innocent. That was just a little taste. I have far more ambitious plans for you." He climbed onto the bed beside me and dragged me back into his arms.

"Get some sleep. Tomorrow we're taking a little trip. You're mine for a week and I have a lot of ground to cover and I know just the place to do it."

"Where are we going?" My nervousness had returned.

"You don't need to worry about it. Just rest and leave everything else up to me. After this you'll discover that business and pleasure mix very well together. Plus I have a little score to settle and I know just what to do."

"A score?" My thoughts immediately went to Robert and what he had done. What did David have in mind? I hoped it wasn't something that would end with me in tears.

"Of course a score. I settle all of my debts, Carrie. And this one needs to be paid in full and closed for good. Do you think you can handle it?" He stared down at me. The look in his eyes had lost all their teasing and had returned to being intense.

I gulped and let out a breath I hadn't realised I was holding. "Yes, I can handle it."

"Good, then get some sleep. If you stay up much longer I'm not sure how long I'll be able to keep my hands off you." He lay back against the pillows and tucked me in against his body.

I tried to close my eyes. To sleep. But my mind was racing. What did he mean settle a score? What Robert had done was wrong but it was over with. I didn't understand the macho need to constantly enter into arguments. It was beyond me.

My body was exhausted and finally I drifted off into an uneasy sleep. It was the only thing I had control over. Tomorrow would come and then I would find out what David had in mind. I just hoped that I would be able to handle it. Whatever it was.

CHAPTER EIGHT

The sound of a zipper opening made me stir. Bleary eyed I struggled to sit up in the bed. I vaguely recalled the night before and what had occurred between David and me. The way he had made me feel... The juncture to my thighs grew wet at the memory.

I pushed my hand down into the soft mattress and realised that it was no longer tied to the other. When he had released me, I had no idea. I could only assume it was at some point during the night. Glancing around the room I caught sight of David standing near his closet. A large suitcase lay at his feet.

The moment I moved the covers he turned towards me, a smile curving his lips. Without thinking I tugged the bed sheet up and covered my breasts. David's warm smile immediately disappeared.

"What have I told you?" he asked. His voice was low and filled with the promise of what he would do to me if I answered wrong.

"That you want to see me?"

"See you how?" His voice had dropped by another couple of octaves. The sound sent shivers running down my spine.

"Naked..." My voice came out as barely a whisper.

He moved slowly towards the bottom of the bed. His entire body hummed with energy and I fought the urge to scurry further up the bed. The way David made me feel inside was an enigma. How could I possibly feel safe and nervous all at the same time? It didn't make any sense. Butterflies started up in my stomach and I swallowed several times in quick succession. My throat felt dry, but the rest of my body quivered with anticipation. I knew how it would feel if he touched me. Even if it was to punish me I knew how good it would feel.

He paused at the end of the bed and gripped the sheets in one hand. Carefully he pulled them. He did it painfully slowly. Almost as though he was testing me, daring me to show some resistance and hold onto them. But I didn't. I couldn't. I wanted to give this man what he wanted. And if that was to see me naked then so be it, I would let him have it.

The satin sheet slid sensuously down over my skin. It brushed across my breasts, hardening my nipples and causing me to lick my lips. I wanted it to be David's fingers brushing across my nipples, not the sheet. He moved the sheet a little faster, tugging it lower over my abdomen revealing an area of my body that I was particularly self-conscious about.

Every fibre of my being screamed at me to stop him. To not let him see my flawed form. I didn't want him looking at my rounded tummy. I didn't feel it was worthy of his gaze. But almost as though he sensed my reluctance and fear he paused. His eyes travelled over my body. They started by holding my gaze and travelling down. His eyes lingered on my round, full breasts with their pink nipples fully erect and begging to be caressed.

But it was when his eyes moved down to my tummy that I really began to feel uncomfortable. My hands itched to grab the sheet and pull it back over myself. I could handle him looking at my breasts but my stomach was a sensitive area. Thoughts flooded my mind sending me into panic mode. What if he didn't like what he saw? What if he found me repulsive? Would he ever want to touch me again? Would he ever want to make love to me? The thoughts ran in circles in my head.

"What are you thinking?" he asked, his hands still holding the sheet but not moving any further than he already had.

I shook my head as tears threatened to choke my voice. I didn't want to draw attention to my flaws. I already knew that he had seen them, but maybe if I spoke about them he would really find them disgusting... Find me disgusting.

"Carrie. Tell me what you are thinking." His voice had taken on an edge of authority. His eyes had darkened and I knew that if I disobeyed him, if I insisted on locking him out of my head, that he would punish me. He would get the words out of me somehow. I had always been a locked box, closed up tight. But David had the key and that frightened me more than any threats he might have.

I sighed one long shaking breath as a lone tear trailed down my cheek. I opened my mouth and closed it again.

"Carrie." That one word, the way his voice caressed it, told me everything I needed to know. I had to tell him. It was better if I did it on my terms.

"I'm afraid you'll find me repulsive. That you will look at me and see all of my flaws. I'm afraid of you realising that I'm not good enough for you. That I'm not your type..." I trailed off.

Tears streaked silently down my cheeks. David's face was a mixture of horror and surprise. He released the sheet and moved around the bed towards me. I turned my face away and scrubbed at my cheeks with the palm of my hands. I was weak, the last thing I wanted was for him to see me as such a mess. And yet lately all I seemed to do was cry.

"Carrie," His voice was gentle as he tilted my face back to him. "How could you think such things? If I did not find you attractive I would not have shared with you what I have. I would not crave your body nor would I want to spend my time touching your skin. If I found you repulsive I wouldn't have proposed that you give yourself to me wholly and completely for one week. It wouldn't make sense."

"But I'm afraid that you'll change your mind... That you'll wake up one day and realise what a terrible mistake you have made and that really I'm not attractive at all."

"I don't want to hear you talking like that. I have seen you naked. I knew even before you were naked that I wanted you. Your body puts thoughts in my head... Such wicked thoughts. For you to suggest otherwise is an insult to me. I know what I want, I know my own mind, and what I want is you." He growled out the last words and pushed me back on the bed, his body hovering over me, pinning me beneath him.

He lowered his head to my breast, his eyes never leaving mine. Taking one nipple into his mouth he rolled his tongue around it. When his teeth nibbled the sensitive bud I lost my breath. My back automatically arched up to him, pushing my breast further into his mouth. Releasing the nipple he moved lower, his mouth trailing fiery little kisses down across my abdomen.

He found one of my flaws, a small stretch mark that I spent my time trying to conceal. I had spent years buying special oils and creams in the hopes that I could completely get rid of the ugly little marks but nothing worked. Until now. David's lips moved across the white mark. The sensation was odd, a mixture of embarrassment and pleasure. He used his tongue to run up and down the length of it, tasting my skin and raising little goose bumps across the rest of my body.

His free hand found the wet centre of my body. I was primed and ready for him. The merest hint of his touch on my body was enough to turn me on but this was different, this was something entirely new.

His fingers danced across my clit, rubbing and swirling around the nerve hub. I moaned and called out, my words incoherent. My fingers found David's hair and I ran them through it, tightening my grip on his scalp as he pushed me closer to the edge of ecstasy. He was going to make me cum.

His mouth continued to nibble and lick across my abdomen, finding each flaw and caressing it. His fingers danced across my pussy. He slid one inside me, opening me up and making me moan louder. My breath was frantic and all my earlier thoughts and fears had dissipated with his ministrations.

Reaching the bottom of my stomach he bit down as his fingers gave one final spiralling touch. I opened my mouth and screamed, my body reduced to one heaving mass of nerve endings. The orgasm washed over me in waves, crashing into me and leaving me breathless.

With one final shuddering breath I grew still. My eyes were still closed and I could still feel David's fingers buried inside me. He didn't move, holding his position until I slowly opened my eyes and let the room once more come back into focus.

"Do I need to keep proving to you how much I want you and find you attractive?" His voice was low, little more than a murmur against my stomach.

I shook my head before finally finding my voice. "No. I believe you."

I bucked and closed my eyes as he withdrew his fingers from me and sat up. The feeling had been intense and my body was super sensitive, even the brush of the sheet against my arm felt like someone trying to electrocute me.

Opening my eyes I looked up into David's face. He smiled at me, just a small hint of a smile but it was enough to send my heart soaring. "I love the way you react to me. With such abandon. You're not like other women. Most hold back, they worry about how they look or they only do what they think I will like. But you... You're so different. You hand yourself to me on a silver platter. Your trust is the most amazing part of it... I..."

I had never witnessed David at a loss for words before. He was David Ashcroft for goodness' sake. He was the type of man who was unfazed by everything. Even in the most brutal of business meetings and negotiations I had never seen him lose his footing, until now.

I sat up slowly, letting my body revel in the afterglow of my orgasm. I wasn't sure how he did it but the way he made me feel was something I wished I could bottle. Tentatively I reached out to him, my hand brushing against the side of his face. He held perfectly still and it reminded me of a frightened animal. It was as though no one had really touched him before. Not sexually, not in a business-like manner, not because they thought it was what he wanted. But just because he could be touched.

David released his breath in one long whoosh, the cool air blowing across my skin and making me shiver. That was it. The look on his face was gone and he pulled away from my touch. I watched the shutters come down once more and all of the vulnerability vanished. It was gone, as though it had never been there. Except I knew. I had seen the look in his eyes and it had made my heart ache.

I wanted another glimpse of that man again. I wanted to see him open up to me to show me the real David Ashcroft-the one he kept hidden from the rest of the world. I would do whatever it took to get that back. I would make him open up to me. I had to. The more my heart became entangled in this situation, whatever it was, the more I needed to know where it was going. I had to know that he felt something for me. It didn't have to be love. But it was important that he felt something.

"What's the suitcase for?" I asked, stretching slowly in the bed.

"A trip." David's voice was once more all business. My curiosity, however, now was piqued. I wanted to know what he had planned for me. I had agreed to one week and my mind was desperate to know what that entailed. Perhaps I should have been a little more insistent when he had spoken about the deal. Perhaps I should have pushed it a little more and asked exactly what he had planned instead of accepting blindly.

"Won't you tell me?"

David smiled, a small movement of his lips that briefly lit up his face and opened him up to me once more. But it was gone in an instant, replaced by the blank unreadable expression I had come to know him for.

"You'll find out soon enough. At least allow me to have some surprises. You should shower, since your clothes will be here soon."

I looked at him and I couldn't keep the surprise off my face. "Clothes? You got my clothes from my apartment?" Part of me wanted to feel violated but after everything that had gone on between us I just couldn't manage it.

"No. I've sent out for clothes. I've had some of my favourite designers send over whatever they have."

Shock made my body numb. Designers? Sent out for? Expensive custom made clothes? There had to be some mistake. There was no way that any designer clothes would ever fit my curvy frame. It just wasn't possible.

I recalled the humiliation of the last time I had attempted to buy some designer clothes. Nothing had fit. I wasn't a size zero. I wasn't even close to being a size zero nor would I ever be. Panic thrilled through my body. I would be humiliated all over again and this time it would be in front of David.

CHAPTER NINE

The doorbell finally rang and I jumped. It felt as though I had been waiting forever. After showering David had bundled me into a large fluffy robe and left me sitting in the living room. That was if I could call it a living room. It was one of the largest and most opulent rooms I had ever sat in. The couches were a combination of cream and black leather. The walls were tastefully done in cream except for one signature wall which was also black. Swirls of silver were laced throughout the wallpaper giving it a rich tone.

There was nothing overly ambitious in the room. I just had the impression that everything was picked out by a designer specifically to complement everything else. I could see nothing of the real David in the room. In fact everything smacked of the cold hard exterior that he liked to portray. It was a facade, nothing more and nothing less.

David answered the door while I stood in the middle of the cream rug on the floor. Part of me had wondered if I should have answered the door myself but if I was honest it would have felt a little weird answering the door to someone else's house.

A young woman bounded in the door. Her blonde hair was cut short and curls framed her pixie-like features. Behind traipsed several other young women all carrying clothes bags. I swallowed the lump back in my throat as I watched David greet her.

Her small dainty hand lingered on his arm as he turned to me.

"Rachel, this is Carrie. The woman I was telling you about. I trust you will be able to help her pick out some suitable outfits."

Rachel smiled up at David but the moment she turned her gaze back to me it changed. The smile remained but it had hardened onto her face like a mask. I knew she did not like me.

"Of course we can sort something out." She moved over to me and took my arm in hers. Her fingers dug into my skin as she manoeuvred me towards the bedroom.

"David, I'll let you get back to organising your business and I'll tend to her. Don't you worry about it-I'll make sure she has an outfit for everything that you asked for."

David smiled at me in encouragement. I couldn't blame him, he was being so kind and generous, so how was he to know that the woman leading me into the room wanted my guts for garters.

Once the door was closed behind us she dropped her facade entirely. "So you're the new one? My, but he does have some strange tastes sometimes."

"What is that supposed to mean?" My voice had gone icy. I was tired of being treated like I was a lesser human. I didn't deserve it. If David didn't want me then he could tell me, the last thing I needed was someone else telling me I wasn't worthy.

She smiled at me but it didn't reach her eyes, it was more a baring of teeth and it reminded me of Robert and the way he had smiled. "Shall we get down to business? We don't want to waste any more of David's time."

I nodded and let her get to work. She pulled out outfit after outfit and I was shocked to discover how many of them fit. There was nothing that she had brought with her that was too small. In fact it was as though everything was tailor made for me and fitted the curves of my body perfectly.

When we had finally settled on several outfits she held her hand out to me. "Nice working with you, Miss?"

"Grant," I replied keeping my voice as aloof as possible.

"Well Miss Grant, enjoy it while it lasts." She smiled once more before turning on her heel and flouncing from the room. The rest of her minions didn't even look at me as they followed her out. I sat on the edge of the bed. The skirt I wore was expensive linen and I knew it would crease but I just didn't care. Being with David was complicated enough without everything else on top of it all.

Why was there so much hassle? And what business was it of anyone else if David wanted to date me? Part of me wondered if Rachel was an ex of David's or perhaps she had hoped to sink her claws into him herself but failed. There were any number of reasons as to why she was so bitter to me. But it wasn't my job to understand.

Standing, I brushed my hands down the front of the skirt smoothing the creases that had already begun to form. I examined myself in the mirror and I had to admit I liked what I saw.

The blouse moulded to my curves, emphasising the swell of my breasts instead of hiding it like most of my clothes did. The skirt was tight across my hips and ass before kicking out just above the knee. One thing I couldn't fault Rachel on was the choosing of clothes. She knew exactly what I needed to bring out the best in my fuller figure.

Turning, I caught sight of David standing in the door. He wore grey trousers and an open-necked white shirt. Letting my eyes rake over him quickened my heart rate. He truly was the most handsome man I had ever laid eyes on.

"You look good." He lingered over the word 'good' and it sent shivers racing through my body. "The car is waiting for us down stairs, if you are ready to go?"

I nodded, my voice and throat completely dried up. Wherever he was taking me I would have no contact with anyone that I knew. He had taken my mobile phone and put it away, claiming that I would not need it for the week that I would be with him. Taking this trip with him required that I trust him entirely. I had never done that in my life. I had always relied on myself and trusting others was something I had considered to be a luxury that I could not afford. But that was changing. If I was to trust anyone, David seemed like as good a place as any to start.

I walked towards him and slipped my hand into his. "Let's go."

His strong fingers brushed against my cheek for a moment and I could see the pleasure in his eyes. It was hard to know what David Ashcroft wanted. But at that precise moment in time, I knew he wanted me.

The drive was longer than I anticipated. David spent large chunks of his time either on the phone arranging business or teasing me. Several times his finger had wandered beneath the soft fabric of my skirt but it was far too tight for him to reach any higher than my thighs. For that I was grateful, the prudish part of me not particularly wanting to come to orgasm in front of anyone but David. I knew how easy it would have been for him to bring me to that peak of pleasure.

Travelling through the countryside intrigued me. I had no idea where we were heading but I had a feeling I would like it. When the car pulled onto an airfield my lungs refused to work. We were leaving the country and heading who knew where.

I shot David a questioning look but he gave me his secretive smile in return. I was not going to get any information from him. Getting into the private jet had my head spinning. I was used to flying but only on commercial flights, and in economy class at that. This was in an entirely new league. The plane was more like a lounge than a normal plane. There was space to move around and lots of comfortable seating with ample room.

The feel of David's hand on the small of my back as he guided me to my seat made me happy. There was something about just that small gesture that had me grinning from ear to ear. His strong hands slipped the belt across my lap, his fingers lingering longer than was necessary as he secured the strap and pinned me in place.

He took the seat next to mine and belted himself in. It was difficult being in such close proximity to this man and yet not be able to touch him. I longed to taste him. The scent of his musky aftershave teased me and I closed my eyes. I sank into my imagination as the plane took off. David's hand traced small circles around on my knee as we ascended.

I imagined slipping my seat belt off and dropping to my knees in front of him. I would unzip his trousers, releasing his cock. My mouth would water as I eyed him up. I would tease him with my fingers much in the same way that he teased me. Finally, when he begged for it, I would take him into my mouth, my tongue swirling around the tip before swallowing him down into my mouth...

"Carrie..."

The commanding tone of David's voice jolted me awake. I sat up and ran my hands back through my dark hair.

"You've been sleeping." His voice held a teasing, light quality that I had not yet known him to use. It was as though he was a different man. It seemed wherever we were headed, David was looking forward to it. It relaxed him.

Realising this made me even more curious as to our destination. Where could we possibly be going that David would change so much for? Would there be others there? Or was there someone in particular that David was looking forward to seeing? A small stab of jealousy hit me. What if it was another woman? Would she be prettier than me, better at sex and much more capable of giving David everything he needed?

Sucking in a deep breath I released it quickly. David had chosen me. I needed to accept that and let my worries go. Why else would he be taking me away if I meant nothing to him at all?

"Where are we?" My voice seemed to be choked with sleep. I had really fallen asleep even with such a sexy man sitting beside me. It had always been the case with planes. I wasn't sure why but the minute the plane started cruising, I fell asleep.

"About to land." His smile had me curious and I strained to see out the windows. All I could see was blue skies and the closer we got to the ground the more of the view came into sight. There was the blue ocean and white sands, green trees and not much else that I could tell from the plane. It was like no place I had ever been to. It reminded me of all the fancy holiday programmes that came on television, particularly in the winter time-put there to entice the audience into blowing huge amounts of money on something so lavish.

"Welcome to Dom Island." David gave me a wicked look. One that promised sex and other dark things.

"Dom Island?" I sounded incredulous. "I've never heard of such a place."

David started to laugh. The sound made me want to join in and I couldn't help releasing a few giggles. It truly was a ridiculous name for an island.

"It's not the real name of the island. But for those who frequent it, that is what we have christened it. And for very good reason, which you will soon see."

His eyes filled with the predatory hunger that I had grown accustomed to. It tightened things low in my body and I was hopeful that very soon he would fulfil the promise that filled his eyes.

CHAPTER TEN

Exiting the plane was far more exciting than boarding. For obvious reasons, really. The surroundings were stunning. However, the heat the moment I stepped out into the air was uncomfortable. My hair stuck to the back of my neck and I could feel trickles of sweat running down my back under my blouse.

David on the other hand seemed entirely unfazed by the extreme temperature change. The sunglasses he wore added to his air of mystery by concealing his eyes from me. It made him even harder than usual to read. He guided me across the asphalt of the runway to a black car that sat idling. The second I slipped inside I let out a sigh of relief. I was immediately basked in the cool air of the air conditioning. It coated my balmy skin, cooling the heat that had practically suffocated me.

David moved in alongside me and shut the door. The car moved away from the runway smoothly and barely made a sound. Reaching the road it picked up speed and I tried to drink in as much of the scenery as I could.

"What do you think?" David asked. The insecurity seemed to have returned to his voice. I turned to him with a smile, one that lit up my whole face.

"Apart from the heat, this place is magical. In fact I'm sure I could handle the heat just so I could remain at a place like this."

David started to laugh at my enthusiasm. He leaned in closer to me and gripped my chin with his thumb and forefinger. I stared up into his dark lust-filled eyes and sighed.

He brought his lips closer to mine and left just the ghost of a kiss on my mouth. I wanted to wrap my arms around his neck but it was far too difficult. The angle in the car was all wrong and I couldn't quite turn enough to get what I wanted.

David drew away from me with a chuckle. The type that only men seem to be capable of making. The sort of sound that a man who is very sure of himself makes. But I didn't care. The feminist within me wanted to be insulted but even she couldn't quite find the conviction to truly mean it. David was entitled to it. I had given myself to him and there was no turning back from that. Becoming indignant now would only be hypocritical. Besides, part of me liked it. I liked him knowing that he could be sure of me. It was, in an odd way, comforting to me.

The car pulled to a stop outside a large white building. There were windows dotted all over it and lavish balconies accompanied most. I could only assume it was a hotel judging by the size of it. A young man ran down the front steps and immediately began unpacking the bags from the car.

David helped me back out into the intense heat. I sucked in a deep breath and felt stifled. My head swam in dizzying circles and my stomach lurched. Before I knew what was happening, the world had turned black.

Opening my eyes I felt a strong pair of arms cradling me. The intense over powering heat was gone, replaced with cool air and lots of oxygen. I gazed up into David's concerned face. He held me tightly as though afraid to let me go. As though if he did, I might break into a thousand fragile pieces.

"What happened?" I asked. My throat felt dry and my head throbbed.

"You passed out. Have you ever done that before?" His voice was filled with worry.

"No... Not that I know of... I was fine in the car." I struggled to sit up and David helped me. He kept his arm locked around my shoulders as he helped me to take a seat. Just beyond him I could see several other people hovering nearby. As though awaiting instructions.

"What have you drank today?"

I paused, my mind trailing back over the day's events. I remembered drinking my coffee but after that there was nothing. Sheepishly I looked up at David through my eyelashes.

"Coffee..."

"And?" he prompted, but I shook my head.

"Oh for god's sake, Carrie. You need to drink more..."

I cut him off by lifting my hands to my head. "Don't tell me off, I feel stupid enough for passing out."

He softened a little and squeezed my shoulders. "I'm sorry, it's just you frightened me. But you need to drink more."

I nodded my head. "I could do with some water, actually. My throat feels as though I haven't drank anything in years. It's so dry."

He turned away from me and barked orders at the small group standing behind us. "Water, iced."

His look when he returned to staring at me was filled with concern and something else that lurked just beneath the surface.

"What is it?" I asked him, my curiosity finally getting the better of me. I wanted to understand him. He was so hot and cold. One minute all concern and the next brusque and business-like. The water arrived and I gulped down several mouthfuls.

"Nothing. It's not important," he answered me as I drank.

I opened my mouth to insist on a complete answer when something caught my eye that made the words dry up on my tongue. A man walked in through the doors of the hotel. The woman draped across his arm was one of the most stunning women I had ever set eyes on.

Her blonde hair fell down her back in a perfect shimmering curtain. Her skin was the perfect combination of sun kissed bronze. It complemented her hair and eye colour perfectly. She was tall and graceful, her curves hinting at a body that was not all hard muscle and perfect toning. The one thing that repeated over and over in my mind as I watched her was, perfection. She was the epitome of it.

I looked down at my own frumpy body and let out a longing sigh. If only... However, that wasn't the most interesting part. Although she was incredibly stunning, what had drawn my attention in the first place was the man.

"Robert. Lovely to see you here." David's voice was filled with false warmth as he stood and approached the other man.

I watched with interest as Robert's eyes opened just a little too wide as David surprised him. But that was the only sign he let slip through his cold exterior.

"David... You're here..." Robert smiled and extended his hand. They shook and I could see the tension running through David's shoulders. It made me wonder if I was the only one who could read him in that way.

The blonde turned a hundred-watt smile on David, her entire face lighting up with joy at the sight of him. Something tightened in the pit of my stomach in a very uncomfortable way. She had the look of a woman in love, or at the very least infatuated, with David. Although David had said he wanted me, how could I compete in the face of such complete beauty?

David released Robert's hand and took her hand. He bent his head low over her hand and kissed it. A spike of pure jealousy ripped through me. It seemed petty and stupid to have that feeling. David didn't owe me anything. If he wanted a woman like that he could have her and what could I do about it? I would never look like that. I would never attain that level of perfection.

"Angelica, you look delightful, as always." He stood up and attempted to release her hand. It was then I saw it. Her fingers tightened on his ever so slightly and the look in her eyes turned to one of pure panic. It was gone in an instant but it niggled at me. I had seen it. I hadn't imagined it. But what it meant exactly, I had no idea.

David turned towards me. "Robert, I know you've met Carrie before."

I stood and moved to him. My legs were still a little unsteady and my throat remained dry. But that was now more a side effect of seeing Robert and meeting Angelica.

Robert attempted to take my hand in his but I quickly withdrew it from reach. I didn't want him to touch me. It was the last thing I wanted. I turned to Angelica as David introduced me.

"And this is Angelica Sloane." I held my hand out to her but she narrowed her eyes at me before returning her attention back to David.

"So you have a new sub?" she asked. Her voice was breathy, giving her an extra feminine edge. It reminded me of the way all the actresses of old used to speak in the black and white movies-the types that usually fainted at the drop of a hat.

David smiled at her. It was the type of look an adult might give a small child. It was an indulgent look.

"Yes. Carrie has very graciously given herself to me. And for that I am forever grateful. She is a rare treasure. I see you are back with Robert. When did that happen?" David switched his attention between the two people standing before us.

"I won Angelica back last week. I have promised her a trip to Dom Island for a very long time and I thought now was the perfect opportunity to cement our relationship. I didn't expect you here. I would have thought you would be too busy trying to sort out the mess with the file mix ups. A clerical error I'm sure but my father is none too pleased about it."

David smiled and it was the look a shark might give its prey. "I have spoken to your father. Everything is sorted. In fact he seemed to believe you might know something..."

Robert looked stunned. He opened his mouth and then closed it again. His composure was entirely shattered. Part of me felt sorry for him. But the rest of me felt happy. Seeing him brought down a peg or two was fun. And knowing that he had something to do with the file confusion made me feel relieved. At least I knew it wasn't a mistake I had made. I was sure before but now I could completely relax.

"We should do dinner. Discuss the pertinent issues then." David put out his hand once more to Robert. He was completely at ease. It was the most relaxed I had ever seen him.

"Yes, dinner. We can air out everything then."

"I'll be there, David." Angelica once more gave David a hundred-watt smile. She reached out and let her hand slide down his arm. At that moment I was beyond glad that David was wearing a shirt and her perfectly dainty hand only touched cloth instead of skin.

"You should leave your..." She seemed to search for the right word, her blue eyes focusing on me and leaving a shiver of revulsion running down my spine.

"Carrie," David prompted.

"I would have been more inclined towards 'thing' myself," Angelica answered. "You don't need her."

I opened my mouth but David simply wrapped his arm around my waist and steered me away from Robert and Angelica. I simmered with anger. It bubbled just beneath the surface of my skin threatening to erupt and boil over at any second.

"How dare you let her talk to me like that?" I erupted the second we entered the lift. I jerked away from David and ran trembling fingers back through my dark hair.

"She was beyond rude, Carrie. But she is Robert's submissive. It's not my place to discipline other men's submissives. He will deal with her."

"But you could have said something!" I exploded.

David caught my hand in his and pulled me tight in against his body. "There are some things you need to understand, Carrie. You are mine. You have given yourself to me. Angelica has done the same with Robert. I can punish you. But not her. What would be the point in me saying something to her? It would only have served to get Robert's hackles up. I have to finish some business with him. Then I can afford to properly insult him as much as I wish. Until then it is best to let him sort out the manners of what is his."

I looked up into David's face. "So that is all I am to you. A piece of property. Just another thing that belongs to the great and wonderful David Ashcroft."

"No, Carrie, that is not true at all."

"Then explain it to me."

He sighed and released me from his grip. I stumbled away from him. The doors whooshed open and David strode out of the lift and into a large reception room. It seemed the lifts opened directly into what I could only describe as huge apartments. My own apartment back home would have fitted very snuggly into one corner of the entire floor space. I followed David out and stood in the middle of the room.

"Explain it to me. If I am not little more than your property for this week, then why is business and keeping Robert Hatcher sweet so important?"

"Because he is trying to steal my business out from underneath me. If I don't finish this now, on my terms, that will be it. The firm will be taken over."

I fell silent. All my thoughts suddenly came to a grinding halt. This was important. It was bigger than me, bigger than what I had with David and I was behaving like a child.

"Carrie, I would never treat you like a piece of my property... You're important to me... I can't explain it."

I moved towards him and pressed my fingertips against his lips. "It's alright. I'm sorry."

He started to laugh and wrapped me in the circle of his arms. "Aren't I meant to be the Dom here?" He bent his head down towards mine and kissed me softly at first. It rapidly descended into something much more raw. I moaned as he clamped his teeth down on my lip, his hands fumbling with my clothes as he undressed me.

It wasn't long before we were both naked. Bodies pressed skin to skin. I ached for him. I wanted to feel him press against me harder. I craved the touch of his fingers on my body. Remembering my dream from the plane, I dropped to my knees in front of him. His cock was semi-hard. Gripping him with my hand, I swirled my tongue around the head.

He tasted musky and faint traces of his spicy shower gel tingled on my tongue. I rolled my eyes up to look at him. He seemed surprised at my actions but it was quickly replaced with the look of lust as I devoured the head of his cock into my mouth. He wrapped his hands into my hair and tightened his grip as I sank my mouth down over the length of him. As his shaft stiffened it became harder and harder to swallow him completely down my throat. He was far too big and so I started to use my hand.

Sealing my lips around the base of him, I sucked until my cheeks were concave. Slowly I moved my head up letting his cock slip from my mouth until just the tip remained. Using my hand I jerked him softly before swallowing him back down my throat again. It was then David took control.

His grip tightened further in my hair until it verged on pain. He pressed his cock into my mouth holding my head in place. I knew he wouldn't allow me to suffocate, I trusted him to let me come up for air. He began to move his cock in and out of my mouth. Essentially fucking me. I looked up the length of his body. Tears had begun to form in my eyes as he moved a little faster.

The intensity of the look in his eyes made my sex slick. He watched me as though any moment he would pounce and devour me whole. He looked at me as though I was the most beautiful creature he had ever seen in the world. He groaned and I tasted the first drops of his salty pre-cum. He was close.

I watched as the muscles in his abdomen tightened and he moved faster. His balls tightened and his cock grew stiffer, and longer. Feeling him take my mouth, knowing that he was in complete control, was a heady experience.

I sucked harder using my tongue to swirl around the shaft and the head. David moaned again, his hands gripping my hair so tight it hurt as he forced his shaft down my throat. He jerked against me as the first strand of cum filled my mouth. The salty taste trickled across my tongue as he continued to cry out. I swallowed as quickly as I could, taking his salty seed down my throat and into my belly. But I couldn't get it all. Some dribbled from the sides of my mouth and down my chin before dripping onto my naked breasts.

With a contented sigh he withdrew from my mouth. His fingers were still tangled in my hair. He used his grip to tilt my head up to look at him. "The things you do to me, Carrie. The way you make me feel." He released a shaky breath before helping me to my feet. He brushed his thumb across my chin rubbing the sticky mess from my face.

I caught his hand with mine and slowly sucked his thumb into my mouth. I wanted all of him. After what I had just done it felt important that I get all of him. I wanted to show him exactly what he meant to me. That for me, I didn't just belong to him for a week. I belonged to him now forever.

"We need to get some food into you. And something to drink." His eyes had taken on a lust-filled look once more and I wondered how far I could push him before he would have to act on his desires.

"We'll get some room service and I'll make some quick business calls." He kissed me softly on the lips, surprising me. Richard had never wanted to be anywhere near me after I had given him a blow job.

It seemed the more I got to know David the more I realised just how different he was.

He moved away from me and over to the phone. I watched him move around, he was so comfortable being entirely naked. It was then I noticed that I too was naked and had been since David had begun his little seduction. It surprised me that I was behaving like someone who was comfortable in their own body. Yes, I had plenty of insecurities but the more time I spent with David the more accepting I was becoming of myself.

I made my way to one of the doors off the main reception area in search of a bathroom. By sheer dumb luck I found myself in the large master bedroom. The room was enormous and part of me wondered just how big the hotel was. Or indeed how many rooms it had.

I wandered leisurely through it. The overly large four-poster bed caught my eye and I wondered how David would even find me in a bed that large. It certainly meant there would be no fighting for the quilt during the night. That thought made me giggle as I explored through another door and found what I was looking for.

The bathroom was done in cream marble. The Jacuzzi bath sat in the middle of the floor and I had an image of David and I soaking away in it. I had never shared a bath tub with anyone else before. I had always wanted to but had never been brave enough to attempt it before.

The shower stood in the corner of the room behind a set of clear glass doors. I could see several large rings that adorned the walls and I wondered what they were for. It hit me then. I was on Dom Island, after all. It would make sense that the hotel would cater to its clientele. The rings were probably so a Dom could chain his sub up. I felt very pleased with myself for working that one out. I had never been involved in a Dom/sub relationship before but I was getting the hang of it pretty quickly. Or so I thought. What surprised me the most was that it didn't seem to resemble any of the popular theories people seemed to have outside of the lifestyle.

David wasn't crazy and neither was I for that matter. I had my insecurities but I considered that to be normal for a woman who carried extra weight.

I stepped into the shower and fiddled with the dials. The water suddenly cascaded down on top of me stealing my breath and leaving me blind as it ran into my eyes. I stumbled and practically fell but a pair of very strong and sturdy arms caught me.

"You need to be more careful. You haven't eaten anything since you fainted earlier."

Gasping, I wiped at my eyes with my hands. "It was the water, it surprised me..."

David began to laugh as he manoeuvred me back into the shower stall and under the fall of water.

"That's the first time I've ever heard anyone say the water in the shower surprised them." He gripped me tightly in his arms as he kissed me, once more stealing my breath.

"You don't play fair, do you?" I asked when I finally broke free and regained what little composure I had left.

"All's fair in love and war," David answered before slipping his hand down over my breast. I closed my eyes and let the sensation of his wandering hands wash over me like the water. The world began to spin in slow circles and I threw out my hand to steady myself. Opening my eyes I grabbed onto David, who then stopped what he was doing.

"You're not alright. You need to eat and rest." He wrapped his arms around me and held me steady as I waited for the world to slow down.

I wanted to protest, to make him continue what he was doing, but he was right. There was something wrong. Perhaps after food I would be back to my old self. He lifted me from the shower and set me on the edge of the bath. He grabbed a fluffy robe and wrapped it around my body, helping me to slide my arms into it.

He then walked me from the bathroom. I rubbed my head as the beginnings of a headache started to build behind my eyes. Typical. What was wrong with my body? Did it not want to experience extreme pleasure at the hands of a master?

A knock on the door made me jump.

"It's just the room service. I ordered it while you went exploring. It's open." he called out as he seated me at the table in front of the huge glass doors that led onto the balcony and overlooked the sea.

The view was stunning, the sea a perfect shade of blue. It sparkled and glinted everywhere the sun's rays hit it. They seemed to bounce across the surface and reflect back up into the perfect blue sky. The beach, what I could see of it, had perfectly white sand. It truly was paradise. A haven away from the rest of the world.

The bell boy entered the room with a large silver trolley. Dishes covered with silver caps were lifted onto the table. The smell of the food made my mouth water and it was then my stomach grumbled. It was one of the most unladylike sounds I could have made and colour suffused my cheeks.

David shot me a look that I couldn't read but then I didn't need to. "I told you, you need to look after yourself and eat. Passing out from dehydration and lack of food is pointless. I want to enjoy you, not spend my time trying to scrape you up off the floor."

The bellhop glanced at my body wrapped up in the fluffy bathrobe. I could see it in his eyes. He couldn't hide his feelings, not the way David could. To me his look said, 'You're too fat to pass out from lack of food.'

He caught me watching him and immediately looked away. When the last tray hit the table David handed the young man a rolled up note. I had always thought that only happened in the movies. But if you were super rich it probably made sense to tip everyone.

"What are you waiting for? Dig in." David lifted the lid from the first tray, revealing the most mouth-watering platter of chopped-up fresh fruit.

I plucked a strawberry from the top and popped it in my mouth. The moment it hit my tongue my mouth immediately filled with water. The fruit was perfect, ripe and juicy, its sweetness coating my tongue.

I lifted some of the other lids to find fresh croissants and other types of freshly baked bread. Under another was crispy bacon, eggs cooked in every style. There was a type of Mediterranean pasta dish filled with tomatoes that exploded with flavour in my mouth with each bite. The food, like the place, was exquisite.

I took a long gulp of the iced water that David had poured out for me along with the cup of black coffee. Slowly the headache was subsiding and for that I was grateful. At least it meant I didn't have to go in search of pain killers.

David sat in the chair opposite me. He barely touched the food, which made me feel a little guilty but each time I slowed in my eating he shot me a stern look. It was as though he knew I was trying to be dainty about my eating and not appear as famished as I truly was.

Another knock on the door had me looking from David to the closed white door. He smiled and lifted his hand as though to calm me. "Are you going to be this jumpy every time someone knocks on the door?"

I let the tension seep out of my shoulders and sat back in the chair. "No, I guess it's a little silly." He grinned at me and popped a piece of croissant into his mouth before standing and heading for the door.

I chewed the piece of bacon I had picked up carefully as I listened to David answer the door. His voice grew quieter as though trying to stop me from picking up on what he was saying. Eventually I heard him blowing out a large breath of air and he stepped back into the room.

Another man followed him. He was tall with dark hair that was greying around the temples in a sort of Richard Gere-esque style. He was extremely handsome and he carried himself with an air of importance. But that wasn't what really drew my attention. What caught my eye as he moved into the centre of the room was the large gun I could see in a shoulder holster under his suit jacket.

Menace seemed to roll off this man in waves and I shrank back against the chair in an attempt to go unnoticed. His eyes raked over the room, taking in every aspect of it before they came to rest on me.

His eyes were the colour of cold steel and I shivered involuntarily. This was the type of man that you didn't mess with. If he asked me anything I would immediately be compelled to answer truthfully. Fear did wonders for getting the truth out of people.

"And you are?" His voice was deep but not gruff as I had expected it to be. Instead it was smooth and flowed over the words easily. It was the type of accent that could have come from anywhere and nowhere in particular. The perfect serial killer voice, I thought, shocking even myself.

"Carrie... I'm Carrie, David's secretary." I stumbled over my words in an attempt to get them out fast enough. David had disappeared from the room into one of the many rooms off the main area. I was completely alone with this stranger.

"Secretary." He echoed my word and managed to sound entirely unconvinced by it. "You seem to be a little comfortable to be a secretary... If you were my secretary I wouldn't allow you..."

David re-entered the room cutting off the man. "Carrie, take no notice of Aaron. He likes to pretend he's a bully when really he's a complete softie." David emphasised his point by walking up behind the man and ruffling his dark hair.

Aaron ducked out of David's touch and spun around in an attempt to catch David's hand. He missed him by mere centimetres, David dodging out of the taller man's grasping attempts.

I watched them, bemused as they continued to tussle for a few minutes more before stopping. They were both breathing a little heavier but their smiles were wide and very genuine. The smile on Aaron's face transformed him completely. Suddenly he wasn't so intimidating.

"Carrie, this is my brother, Aaron. Older brother and certainly neither wiser nor more handsome." David grinned and once again I caught a glimpse of the man beneath the facade he enjoyed putting in place.

I stood and pulled the robe more tightly around my body before extending my hand towards him. He grinned and gripped my hand firmly. His hand was large enough to wrap around my much smaller one twice if he so wished it.

"Sorry about earlier. I can't help teasing. It's just my way of having a little fun. This one here is always so serious," he said, jerking his thumb back towards David.

I couldn't help but smile at that description, it was perfectly accurate. It seemed Aaron knew his brother very well.

"It's fine. I'm just a little overwhelmed by everything here..."

Aaron smiled sympathetically at me. "Is this one treating you properly? I know what he is like sometimes. All business and he forgets about life's real pleasures."

David moved up beside his brother and punched him playfully in the arm. "I'm here, aren't I?"

"Yeah, but honestly would you be here if Robert wasn't?" Aaron's voice had lost its teasing tone and I watched the exchange between the brothers with interest.

"I'd have come to bring Carrie here. She needs to see this sort of place. The club was a bit of a bust..."

"Oh?" Aaron returned his teasing gaze to me and I felt my cheeks heating up.

"Not that it's any of your business, Aaron," David warned. "I want Carrie to relax and enjoy herself. She deserves it." David smiled at me then. It was one that lifted my heart and sped up my pulse. I couldn't help myself and I smiled back. I was sure I looked like an idiot standing there in a fluffy bathrobe grinning from ear to ear.

Aaron's gaze seemed to move between us and something crossed his face that I couldn't put my finger on. But whatever it was he began to nod sagely as though he understood exactly what was happening. It was as though he understood what I didn't and I longed to ask him to explain to me what was going on.

"Well, if Carrie doesn't mind, I'd like to borrow you for a little while."

I smiled at him and nodded. "Not at all. I think I'm going to have a lie down anyway."

David's smile slipped and was replaced with concern. "Are you ill? Do you need anything? I can get a doctor."

I burst out laughing and David's expression looked both surprised and hurt. But I couldn't help it.

"I'm fine, really. I just need to chill out and relax like you said. I think it's after everything I'm a bit knackered."

He nodded but continued to look concerned. Aaron touched his arm, dragging his attention from me and back to him. "We need to discuss the deal. We need to ensure that we have Robert exactly where we need him. I don't want any mistakes. He has been a thorn in our sides for far too long."

"Our sides? Don't you mean my side? I'm the one constantly dealing with him. It was my business he threatened."

"Yes and all the more reason to ensure that his father is entirely on our side before proceeding."

I stood and watched the two men bickering for a few minutes more before turning and making my way to the bedroom. I found a remote on the bedside locker and used it to close the curtains. When the room was swamped in complete darkness I crawled onto the bed and lay on my back.

My mind insisted on playing back over everything that had happened. Being with David was the best thing that had ever happened to me. Of that I was certain. Part of me worried about what would happen once the week was up. What if he didn't want to continue on with the relationship? What if for him a week of fun was all he wanted? How would I handle the rejection when it was all over?

I closed my eyes against the thoughts. I didn't want to think of it. I wanted to simply enjoy what I had and be in the here and now. Dwelling on might bes and what ifs was a pointless exercise.

Slowly I drifted off to sleep, my head filled only with thoughts of David and dangers I couldn't see or prepare for.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Opening my eyes, the room was bathed in darkness. It took me a few minutes to adjust to my surroundings and remember where I was. A strange room, strange bed, and strange darkness surrounded me. When it finally came flooding back to me I relaxed and flopped back against the soft pillows

I had no idea what time it was or even how long I had slept. Sitting up I strained to hear any sounds from the room beyond but I couldn't pick up anything. I climbed across the bed to the edge. My legs dangled over the edge and it made me laugh when I noticed that my feet didn't even touch the floor. The bed was like something from a fairy tale. But I was no princess.

I dropped to the thick, plush carpeting and padded softly to the door. Peeking out into the room beyond, I noticed that it was bathed in moonlight. Through the windows the soft inky light filtered into the room. I had obviously slept much longer than I had planned. I searched through the other rooms but David was nowhere to be found.

Hurrying back into the room I found a light summer dress that I could pull on easily. It fitted around my breasts and nipped in at my waist before dropping to the floor in a fall of fabric. It was the perfect type of outfit for my shape and I really couldn't fault Rachel on her choices. She clearly knew what she was doing.

Finding a pair of sandals in the suitcase I tugged them on before getting ready to leave. I had no idea where I was going or even where David was. But I was sure I could find him. Someone had to know where he had gotten to.

Exiting the suite and getting into the lift I pressed the button for the lobby. The doors closed silently and the lift lurched gently into life. When the doors opened in the lobby I glanced around. A man stood at the reception desk, his uniform letting me know that he was an employee.

A handful of men milled around in the lobby and several young and very beautiful women lounged on the sofas. The sight of one woman wearing what appeared to me to be a collar caught my attention. Her brown hair was pulled up into a ponytail and the dress she wore only drew attention to her breasts and perfectly rounded ass. But that wasn't what I found interesting. The silver collar glinted in the light. It was fitted snuggly around her long and slender neck. Embedded around it I could make out what looked to me like diamonds.

I shook my head. There was no way a woman was wandering about the lobby of a hotel wearing a collar studded with diamonds. And certainly not diamonds of that size. Perhaps there was a convention of some sort taking place in the hotel. I appeased my questioning mind with that thought. The woman caught sight of me watching her and she stood.

I was frozen as she swayed towards me, her body undulating, which made me instantly think of what she would be like in bed. I flushed as the image of her naked crept into my mind. What was happening to me? It wasn't like me to act in this way. Was it the heat? Or was David having an effect on me, a far greater effect than I had originally thought?

"Who do you belong to?" Her voice held the slightest hint of an accent that I couldn't place.

"Who, who do I belong to?" I repeated her phrase in a stuttering voice. She looked at me, her expression quickly turning to one of irritation.

"Are you stupid? You obviously belong to someone, who is it?"

"I don't belong to anyone." Indignation rose in my throat until it hit me. For one week I belonged to David. Obviously this was the lingo used and I was clearly making a complete fool of myself.

She tutted and muttered something under her breath before once more talking to me. "You are new? Who did you come here with?"

I nodded as I finally understood what she meant. "David Ashcroft."

An emotion flitted across her face that intrigued me. It appeared David's reputation preceded him. Everyone seemed to know who he was. And they all seemed to know far more than I did.

"You are a very lucky girl. There are many here who would do anything to belong to him. You should be careful. When I say anything I do not say it lightly."

I could hear the implied threat in her voice but I could also sense that she intended to warn me more than do me any harm.

"You must be very special. He has never brought anyone here with him before." She eyed me up, her gaze taking in every aspect of my body, face and attire. It made me a little uncomfortable to be constantly under such scrutiny. But I was slowly becoming accustomed to it.

However, her admission that he had never brought anyone here surprised me. David had dated many beautiful women. I had certainly seen no end of supermodel-esque beauties traipsing into his office late in the evening. Oddly though, now that I thought about it, I had never once seen David leaving with any of them.

My brain wanted to continue mulling over what I had just discovered but the woman before me continued to talk.

"I can see why he would choose you." She smiled at me and it softened her face.

She caught me eyeing her collar and her smile widened. "It is a collar but I do not wear it because I must. I wear it because I like it. Some enjoy wearing rings, others enjoy beautiful collars." She fondled the diamond studded metal as she spoke and I could see the fondness that filled her eyes.

I turned to follow the line of her sight and spotted a man heading in our direction. Everything about this woman screamed sheer sex appeal. But for some reason all of that faded away as the other man approached. She was still beautiful and sexy but the feeling of love and adoration that rolled off her skin was like a perfume. It coated everyone nearby in its heady scent and I found myself smiling along with her.

When the man reached us he took her hand in his and pressed his lips softly to her palm. The look of adoration and love that I had seen in her eyes was mirrored in his. It was beautiful to see two people look at each in that way. I suddenly felt very uncomfortable. I was intruding on a very private moment and it was the last thing that I wanted to do.

"Who's your new friend?" His voice held the same accent that she had.

"We haven't formally introduced ourselves yet." She beamed up at him before turning back to me. "My name is Isabella, Isabella Cline. And this is Marcus Cline."

I held out my hand and Marcus took it in his. For a moment I wasn't sure if he was going to shake it or kiss it. But he quickly made up his mind and decided to shake.

"I'm Carrie Grant."

Marcus looked confused for a moment. "I don't think I know any Grants. Do you, my love?" He relinquished his grip on me and wrapped one protective arm around Isabella.

She smiled. "No, Carrie here is with David Ashcroft. She is his."

Marcus turned large, surprise-filled brown eyes back to me. "David, 'eh? Now that is something you don't hear about every day."

"It was lovely meeting you both but I am already late to meet David." I wanted to just find him and have him wrap his strong arms around me. I was tired of answering questions and having people look at me as though I was some unusual creature that had wandered in out of the sea.

Isabella looked shocked and ushered me away. "Go, please go. I would not have you late. I know how important punctuality is. Please do not keep your Dom waiting on our account. If you would like I can send my apologies and have Marcus explain that it was my fault."

She seemed genuinely upset and I regretted opening my mouth and announcing I was late.

"No, it's fine. David will understand." Isabella looked at me, confusion written all over her face. Clearly Marcus was not very understanding when it came to being late.

"If you think so..." She trailed off and Marcus squeezed her shoulders.

I smiled before making a hasty retreat. Escaping through the front doors of the hotel I breathed in the night air. It was heavy with the scent of tropical flowers and I could taste a hint of the warmth that I had experienced earlier, on the back of my tongue.

I followed the path down to the beach and stood on the white sand. It quickly filled my sandals so I decided to take them off and carry them. It just seemed like the best idea. I was quickly mesmerised by the constant wash of the waves on the shore. It drew me and it wasn't until I felt the water lap up around my feet that I realised how close I was to the edge.

Strong arms wrapped around my waist making me jump. He pressed his lips to my ear and whispered, "I was looking for you." David's voice instantly made me happy. My body tingled as he tightened his grip on my waist and tugged me back against the hard contours of his body.

"I was hoping to surprise you in bed, but when I got there you were gone..."

I nestled my body back against his. "And how were you planning to surprise me?" I asked, my voice barely above a whisper.

He spun me around in his arms. "I wanted to surprise you with this." He leaned down and kissed me, hard. His embrace was almost bruising but I loved it and wanted more.

I whimpered against his mouth as he bit down on my lips. His hands wandering my body, squeezing and fondling every piece of flesh he could get his hands on. The water continued to lap around our feet as David's kiss deepened. His tongue probed mine, like life imitating art, showing me what he would soon be doing with another part of his body.

His hands pulled the skirt of my dress up around my waist, freeing my legs seconds before he lifted me into his arms. I wrapped my legs around his waist as he carried me further up the beach and away from any possibility of prying eyes.

I could feel the stiffness of his erection pressing into me through the fabric of his trousers. I wanted to feel him enter me. Although it hadn't been long since he was last inside me, I missed him-missed the feeling of completion as his body joined with mine.

Reaching the sand dunes he lowered me slowly to the ground, his mouth still on mine, his hands still searching just as eagerly as I was. I fumbled with the front of his trousers finally releasing him. He groaned a quick need-filled sound as he discovered that I wasn't wearing any panties.

He discarded his trousers and sat on the ground before lowering me on top of him. I could feel the tip of him just pressing against my entrance and it made me impatient. This time felt different, we were both anxious and excited. Neither of us in control we were led more by our need to feel pleasure in the other's body.

I arched my back as his shaft pushed up into my body. He dragged the bodice of my dress down until it was bunched around my waist and he had access to my breasts. From this angle he gripped one tightly in his hands and lowered his lips to the sensitive nipple. I cried out as I moved my hips, rocking back and forth on his hard cock.

He buried his face in my neck and bit down on the soft skin. His hands moving to my hips, he lifted me higher before slamming me back down on his cock. The rhythm changed as David took charge. It became intense, almost animalistic. I clawed at the skin on his back leaving little red lines. Marking him the way he would mark my body as his. My body tightened, pushing me ever closer to the edge of ecstasy. I wasn't going to be able to hold on for much longer. I couldn't help but wonder if by orgasming, would it cause David to lose control too?

David leaned into me, his voice a strained whisper, "When I cum in you, I want you to cum too. I want to feel your body tighten around mine as I fill you."

I moaned as he rolled his hips beneath me, his fingers digging into the cheeks of my ass. I went with him, my mind narrowing down to just that one point of pleasure-the feel of him as he moved in and out of me, the way he moved deeper inside me with each undulation of his hips. The only sound, our gasping desperate breaths and the slick wet sounds our bodies made as they tumbled over the edge into the earth-shattering pleasure.

My body became one giant nerve ending, screaming with pleasure. I tightened around David's cock as he erupted within me. Heavy warmth filled my womb as with a kiss we swallowed each other's cries of release.

Breathless and a little shocked at such an intense reaction, I finally found my voice but I didn't want to open my mouth and destroy the moment we were having. David squeezed his arms around me and dragged my head down to meet his. We sat like that, not speaking, just staring into each other's eyes as we regained a sense of decorum once more.

David was the first to break the silence. His smile lit up his face, opening him up and revealing the man I knew that hid beneath his facade. Seeing him so happy and relaxed made my heart skip a beat. Was it possible to have him like this always? Was he developing some of the same feelings that I seemed to have? I shivered.

"Are you cold? Perhaps we should return inside?"

I nodded and kissed him quickly on the lips. It was a fast, fleeting gesture, I hadn't even thought about it until I was actually doing it. David's expression changed to one of surprise and I couldn't help but giggle.

"Has no one ever kissed you before?" I asked, half teasing.

"No."

His answer shocked me a little. It certainly wasn't what I was expecting him to say. To me it sounded impossible. David was one of the most desirable men I had ever met. To hear that no woman had ever kissed him, that he had always been the one forced to initiate, did more than surprise me.

"But why?"

David shrugged and lifted me off his lap. His shoulders had tensed and I could see his lips pressed into a thin grim line. I had blown it. It was a conversation he didn't want to have and I had pushed it.

Anger built in my chest. I could read it all over his face. For the first time he had left his guard down and I could actually get a glimpse into who he was. I could see the hurt, the betrayal. It was a set of emotions I was all too familiar with myself. But there was no way I could push it any further. He needed to talk to me when he was ready, not when I wanted to hear him talk.

David was a fine balance and the last thing I wanted to do was tip him off kilter. I could be patient. I would wait.

I reached out to him and took his hand in mine. He looked up at me once more, his face open and vulnerable. "Let's go to bed," I said. I watched the relief cross his expression and he helped me to my feet. He helped me fix my clothes before dressing and we headed back to the hotel. I had plenty of time to figure out David, and in the immortal words of Scarlett O' Hara, tomorrow was another day. I suppressed a giggle and followed David to our bed.

CHAPTER TWELVE

I awoke the following morning to a note on the pillow. David had business to sort and he had arranged the dreaded business dinner with Robert for that evening.

I had the entire day to prepare. I spent the day fretting about the upcoming dinner. What would Robert do? What if he had an ace in the hole against David? Could he possibly win and take the business? If he did, it would devastate David.

I hoped and prayed that Aaron and David had come up with a proper strategy to ensure they came out on top.

The other aspect of the dinner I worried about was what Angelica would do. I had watched the way she looked at David, as though he was a life buoy and she was drowning. I had a feeling that if given half an opportunity that she would attempt to get rid of me in order to get closer to him. It wasn't something I was willing to tolerate. If she was with Robert then that was her problem.

It niggled at me that Isabella had warned me that many here would do anything to get their claws into David. It was the 'anything' that made me feel nervous. Would Angelica stoop to anything? If she was desperate enough, what was she capable of?

By the time David returned I was dressed and ready for the dinner. The dress I wore was similar to the one from the night before but this was black and far more elegant. I was standing in the middle of the room when he entered. He paused, his eyes raking my body up and down before he let out a low whistle.

I blushed as he strode over to me and I caught sight of the twinkle in his eyes. "You look amazing." He gathered me against him and pressed his face into my hair.

Playfully I slapped him on the arms and struggled in his grip. "You'll ruin my hair and I spent ages getting it just right." I grinned up at him.

Within seconds the twinkle in his eyes had disappeared to be replaced by a hungry, predatory look. I could feel the sexual tension in the way he tightened his grip around my body. One of his hands slid up my back. The second his hand touched my bare skin I shivered and closed my eyes. His hand paused at the base of my neck and he closed his hand around it. Holding me tight he pulled my head back until I was forced to look up into his eyes.

"Don't ever deny me, Carrie. I can't help the way I feel about you. Sometimes it's too much. There is a part of me that wants to consume you, to possess you. But I can feel that same need in you. I know you want what I want..."

I opened my mouth but the sound of the door buzzer startled us both. The moment was gone. He continued to hold me. Neither of us moved. It was as though if we stayed perfectly still, then whoever was at the door would simply go away. They didn't.

The buzzer sounded again. "It's Aaron. He said he was going to meet us beforehand. He wants us to go in as a united front and knock Robert's confidence." He released me from his grip and tucked an errant lock of hair back behind my ear.

"But I'm certain that the one thing that will knock Robert's confidence is you. I don't believe any man will be capable to function in your presence."

I smiled shyly at him. The buzzer rang again and David let out a frustrated sigh. "That man has no patience." He grinned at me and made his way to the door. The second he opened it, Aaron burst in.

"This is going to be a piece of cake." Happiness and relief seemed to pour out of every fibre of his being. He spotted me standing in the centre of the room and his smile grew even wider. "Carrie, you seem to get even more gorgeous every time I see you."

"Flattery will get you nowhere, Aaron," I teased him. It seemed to be the best way to treat his easy teasing style.

He lifted his hand and placed it across his heart. "You wound me."

David moved past his brother and stalked over to me. Possessively he wrapped his arm around my waist and drew me with him across the room to the door.

"It's time we went down to dinner. I know what my brother is like. Given half an opportunity he will attempt to charm you right out of my arms."

I was a little stunned. This was the first time I had properly witnessed David's jealousy. The last time I had glimpsed a possibility of it was when Robert had tricked him into believing we had slept together.

Suddenly the tension in the room was raised by several notches. Aaron's face had gotten darker and I could feel the anger vibrating through David's grip. I touched his hand that lay around my waist and he jumped. When he looked at me it was as though he had been asleep and was only just waking up. He seemed to be looking at me as though for the first time.

"We should go." Aaron turned on his heel and made his way for the door.

With another touch on David's hand, I made to follow his brother but David held me back. He tilted my face up towards his and brushed his lips against mine. There was something in the kiss that let me know I was very close to finding out some of David's secrets. That he was indeed deep and that he had a darkness within him that I had yet to properly see.

"Now we go." He whispered the words against my lips before taking my hand and heading for the door.

Once in the lift the atmosphere seemed to relax. Aaron remained silent for the trip down to the lobby and I fidgeted nervously. If I could have avoided going to this dinner then I would gladly have done so.

The doors opened in the lobby and I caught sight of Angelica and Robert standing by the sofa at the far wall. From what I could make out they seemed to be arguing. Angelica was waving her hands about and her face was contorted in rage. Robert was as cold as I had ever known him to be. He jabbed one finger in Angelica's direction as we exited the lift.

Angelica's face changed the moment she saw David. It instantly softened and she lit up like a Christmas tree. I watched as Robert dropped his neutral facade into place. He seemed to know by Angelica's reaction that we had arrived. He spun around, a smile wreathing his face.

"David, Aaron. So lovely to see you. Carrie..." His voice turned husky as he addressed me, his eyes taking in each curve of my body beneath the black satin of my dress.

Angelica's reaction to me was far less warm. Her gaze left David for a second, flitting over to me. The look of adoration fled her face and was replaced with a grimace. Looking at her, if I wasn't mistaken, then it actually pained her to see me. I wasn't the only one who noticed this look. David squeezed my hand in his and I broke eye contact with Angelica to look up at him.

As though to prove a point he lifted my hand and pressed his warm lips to the back of it. The gesture sent warmth flooding down into my belly and turned my legs to jelly. There was a promise in David's eyes. A promise of what would come when this meeting was over and done with. He had started something tonight and who knew where it was going to end.

"Walk me in to dinner, David?" Angelica's soft breathy voice floated through my haze of lust and broke the connection between David and me. He turned startled eyes to Angelica. But the look quickly turned to one of disdain.

"Angelica, I am here with Carrie." He pulled me in front of him and wrapped his body around mine as though to emphasise his point.

Angelica visibly bristled at David's brush off and she opened her mouth to voice her complaint. Icy hate filled her eyes as she stared at me. She was obviously a very unbalanced person, I thought to myself. How could she hate me with such fervour when she didn't even know me?

"Angelica, Darling..." Robert's voice cut through the standoff and he stepped up and took her elbow. Pain flashed across her face and I glanced down at where he held her. His fingers had turned completely white and I could only imagine how painful it must be to have him dig his fingers into her small arm.

"I will walk you in to dinner. You are here with me, after all."

She opened her mouth but he silenced her with a look.

"We will deal with these indiscretions later." He pulled her arm over his in a very gentlemanly manner but I could see the pinched look around her eyes and I knew he was hurting her. I wanted to reach out to her, to tell him to get off and leave her alone, but she must have seen the look that entered my eyes. She shot me a dirty look and the look of pain disappeared from her face. It was replaced with one of haughtiness and she went willingly with Robert.

I leaned up to David and whispered my words against his ear, "Why does she stay with him if he hurts her?"

David shrugged his shoulders and looked sad. "I do not know. Robert is a very persuasive man. No one knows the true goings on in another's relationship."

We followed the other couple to the dining room and took our seats at the large, round table.

David sat on one side, his hand tracing lazy circles on my legs through the satin of my dress. Aaron sat on the other side and Angelica and Robert sat almost entirely opposite us.

The men talked business and I only half listened. Several times it seemed that Robert might have the upper hand but David and Aaron quickly squashed him at every opportunity.

Half way through the main course Angelica leaned over to Robert and whispered something in his ear. He nodded and she stood.

"I'm afraid, gentlemen, I must retire for the evening I have the beginnings of a headache." She ignored Aaron and me, her gaze instantly going to David as she spoke. As she left I released a sigh of relief.

On one hand I pitied her and on the other I didn't like her at all. She made it very hard for me to feel compassion for her. I couldn't help but feel a little confused by her. Was I even meant to feel compassion for her? There was no way she could have any female friends and, if she did, then they had to be as cold as she was.

The hairs stood up on the back of my neck and I climbed out of my own thoughts. I glanced around the room but I could find no reason to feel so uneasy. It wasn't until I happened to look over at Robert that I realised the reason for my unease.

His eyes bored holes into me and I could feel the same icy hatred rolling off him as I had felt earlier with Angelica. David squeezed my leg and in that moment I was glad that he was here with me.

I turned to David as he lifted his wine glass to his lips. "I think I should allow you to continue your negotiations in peace." I quirked my eyebrow and slowly ran my tongue across my lips.

David spluttered and choked on his wine but he knew exactly what I meant. I had a plan and it involved the large Jacuzzi bath. David's eyes filled with heat as he drank in the swell of my breasts. He knew what I had to offer him. He certainly wasn't a stranger to my body. I stood and smiled at Aaron and Robert before turning and walking away.

Without looking back I knew David watched the swing of my hips and ass as I exited the restaurant and made my way back to the lift. Room service would send me up the champagne and I would run the bath. David wouldn't stay away for long. Not when I knew that he had already beaten Robert and there was no hope of him ever getting his grubby hands on the business. Not only that but I had intrigued David.

No one had ever initiated anything sexually with him before and I would be the first. Self-conscious me, would attempt to seduce someone as handsome and dominant as David. The thought gave me butterflies in my tummy.

Standing in the lift I entered the code David had given me for our room and I waited for the doors to open. Stepping into the darkened apartment a small sound caught my attention. I paused and listened closely. Another noise hit my ears and I made my way cautiously to the bedroom door. I pushed the door open and started to let my eyes adjust to the gloom beyond.

"David?" The voice came out of the darkness.

I flicked on the lights as anger coursed through my veins. Angelica lay across the top of the sheets. Her green dress from earlier was discarded on the floor and she was naked. She had scattered rose petals across the bed and she was idly playing with some of them.

She held one of the satin petals in her hands and she drew it across her erect nipples. Her eyes were closed. I cleared my throat and crossed my arms across my chest.

Angelica's eyes flew open and she stared at me as though I was the intruder and not her.

"What are you doing here?" Her voice was filled with accusation.

"What? Are you serious? Angelica, you're in my bed. I'm with David, not you."

She sat up and her expression turned murderous. "He feels sorry for you. He doesn't want you, not when he can have me."

"Get out!" I pointed to the door with a trembling hand.

She stood and stalked towards me. Even without heels she was far taller than I was and I couldn't help but take a step back from her. She was clearly crazy, crazy people were capable of anything.

"Can't handle the truth, Carrie?" Her voice had dropped and she spat the words in my face. "He doesn't want you. He never has. He told me to meet him here. He wants me in his bed and not you." She jabbed her finger into my chest sending a tiny flare of pain through me.

I stood my ground. I wasn't going to let her ruin what I shared with David. She wasn't worth it and I wasn't going to let her inside my head.

"I make him feel things that you can only dream of," she said. "Men don't just want me for my body, you know. I let him do dark things to me and he enjoys it. You can't make him happy, Carrie. You are far too vanilla and plain. You couldn't take the types of dark fantasies that David has. I can." She turned and showed me a long white scar that ran down the length of her back. It marred the perfect golden tan she had and my mouth dropped open in surprise.

"David marked me. He marked me as his own. I see no brand on you, Carrie. He doesn't want you the way he wants me."

I shook my head. There was no way that David had done this. She was with Robert. He was far more capable of this sort of behaviour than David was... Wasn't he?

The door opened and David entered with Aaron, both men laughing and slapping each other on the back. That all stopped when they spotted Angelica standing naked in the bedroom and me in the door. I turned to move towards David but a hand wrapped itself tightly in my hair, jerking my head back painfully.

"You can't have him."

I could hear screaming and someone knocked me to the floor and climbed on top of me. Blows rained down on me as I huddled in a ball trying to protect myself. The weight disappeared off me, then two strong arms wrapped around me, lifting me up from the floor.

Aaron held the struggling Angelica in his arms. She continued to struggle and fight, spitting venomous words of hatred in my direction. I watched in astonishment as two burly security men entered the room and hauled Angelica away.

David spun me around to face him, his hand brushing the frightened tears from my cheeks. My head was still ringing and a few moments had passed before I realised he was talking to me.

"Are you hurt? Carrie, are you alright? I'm so sorry." He hugged me tightly, practically crushing the air from my lungs.

"She was waiting for you. She said you had told her to wait here, that you would meet her here..."

David looked down at me, his eyes filled with sorrow. "And you believe that? You believe I would do that... to you?"

I shook my head and buried my face against his chest. But his fingers fitted under my chin and he lifted my face to look at him. "Tell me you mean that. Tell me you don't believe her crazy lies."

"I don't believe her." I spoke the words but something else niggled at me. The scar on her back and the way she spoke of David's dark side. She hadn't been the only one to mention it before. It couldn't be a coincidence... Could it?

I sucked in a long shaking breath before untangling myself from David's arms. "I'm going to take a walk and clear my head." I smiled at him.

"Uh, Carrie, after everything I don't know if that is such a good idea." David's voice was filled with worry.

I stood on tiptoe and pressed my lips to his in one fleeting kiss. "I won't be long. I promise. I just need some air and to get my head around how crazy Angelica was."

David nodded slowly. "Fine, but be careful. I have one last business call to make and then I am free for the rest of the week. I will be all yours and you won't be able to get rid of me." He grinned wolfishly at me and it sent heat racing through my body. I couldn't help but hope we could have a repeat of the night before's fun on the beach.

I turned and headed for the door. I gave him one last look over my shoulder and left him to tidy up the final stray pieces of business with Aaron.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Walking along the beach I let my thoughts go. I didn't need to worry about David. He had shown me no side of his darkness, yet, anyway. There was no point in dwelling on something that a woman crazed with jealousy had concocted.

I carried my shoes as I let the cool water lap at my feet. Turning, I caught sight of the dunes that David had taken me to the night before. Unable to resist, I walked up to them in search of our place.

"Bitch." The drunken slurring of his voice made the hairs stand up on the back of my neck and my stomach lurched. I turned to see Robert standing at the entrance to the sand dunes. He swayed a little as he watched me with unfocused eyes.

"It's all his fault. He's taken everything... Angelica used to love me once... Until he came along. He gets them all... Lacey, Angelica, you... Why should he get everyone? And now the business too... Did he tell you? My father has cut me off."

As he spoke I could see him beginning to straighten. Whatever he had drunk was slowly wearing off and for that I was grateful. At least it meant he wasn't a threat if he had his faculties about him.

"I'm sorry, Robert. I'm sorry about Angelica and your father..." The name Lacey rolled over and over in my head but I couldn't place it. I had never heard of a woman called Lacey in David's life.

"Sorry? What are you sorry for? It's him I want to be sorry." Something changed in Robert's eyes and I could see the coldness that had concerned me before creeping back into his gaze.

"Let's see how he feels to lose something he loves."

"David!" I screamed his name as Robert pounced towards me. I ran as fast as the long dress would allow, my feet sinking in the white sand as I attempted to escape.

"Come here!" His voice sent fear racing through my veins.

My feet tangled in the hem of the satin dress, sending me sprawling to the sand. I struggled to get up, to crawl and escape somehow, but Robert fell upon me. Gripping my shoulders he turned me over and slapped my face, momentarily stunning me. Stars filled my vision and I screamed again.

Robert crawled over me and wrapped his hands around my throat, his grip tight and unrelenting, growing tighter. I struggled to breathe. My hands clawed at him, ripping and tearing at clothes and flesh-anything I could lay my fingernails on.

He lifted my head and slammed it down as his grip tightened further. I couldn't scream, couldn't breathe and pain exploded behind my eyes as my head hit something sharp and solid. I grew more tired, unable to fight. Darkness ate at my vision. Creeping in around me. I could swear I heard David's voice calling my name but it sounded very far away.

Darkness claimed me. My body went limp. The last thought in my mind was of David. I imagined him gathering me into his arms, calling out my name. Begging me not to leave him. Tears seeped out of my eyes. I wanted to touch his face. Brush the fear and pain from him. But I couldn't. I couldn't fight the darkness and I let go. It swallowed me whole. My one regret was I hadn't told David that I loved him. I did love him. It had taken me too long to figure it out and now it was too late. I drifted. At least in the dark it didn't hurt anymore.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

The sound of beeping slowly roused me. My eyes felt heavy, as though they were weighed down with lead. The second I opened my eyes I instantly regretted it. Everything about the room was far too bright. The white walls and bed sheets seemed to create a glare that made the pounding in my head so much more pronounced.

Someone groaned. It wasn't until I felt a hand grip mine tightly that I realised it was me making the small, groaning, whimpering noises. I sounded pathetic, like a wounded animal.

I opened my eyes again and this time I tried to keep them open. I wanted to be awake... It was the reason I had fought so hard to survive in the first place. I wanted to be awake for the person gripping my hand so tightly I was sure it would be covered in bruises.

"David..." The word came out on a half choked, hoarse sob.

His face came into view above me. The concern and anguish that filled his eyes hurt my heart. I didn't want to see him so upset. He shouldn't have been so worried... Part of me wondered why he would be so worried... It didn't make any sense...

He ran his free hand down against the side of my face, cupping my cheek. It was such a tender gesture that I couldn't stop the tears from trickling from my eyes. I opened my mouth again but my throat ached and the words refused to form properly. I was so confused...

I tried to sit up and the world spun in sickening circles. Bright white lights exploded behind my eyes making me wince and forcing me to give up my attempt to sit up straight.

"Don't move, I'll get a nurse." He moved to release his grip on my hand. Panic flooded through me. I wasn't sure why but the last thing I wanted was for David to leave my side.

With a strangled sob of fear I grabbed at his arm and jacket, my fingers digging into his hard forearm leaving me feeling reassured. He was real. He wasn't just one of my dreams. I'd had plenty of them. Terrifying dark dreams filled with terror and pain. David had been my anchor but he had always disappeared just when I needed him most. He couldn't save me if he was a dream. But here in the white room he was very real.

"It's alright, Carrie, I'm just going to get a nurse to look at you. You've been out for three days. They were worried about your head trauma."

"Don't leave me, please..." The words finally left my tongue. The feel of the scalding tears running down my face made me feel alive. Everything did. Pain was both a blessing and a curse.

The door opened up and David turned relieved eyes to whoever had entered. "Aaron, she's awake. Can you get the nurse?"

"Of course." Aaron's tired voice met my ears. I tried again to sit up. The pain this time was a little less and I managed to push my body into an upright position. David spent his time moving the pillows around trying to find an optimum position for them. Even though I was weak I could tell he was nervous about something... But what it was, I didn't know.

"What happened?" I asked when he had finally finished fixing the pillows behind me. My voice sounded coarse, as though I had spent days singing and shouting at the top of my lungs.

"You were attacked..." David's voice trailed off as he caught sight of my confused expression.

Attacked. It didn't sound familiar. I knew something had happened. David's mention of the word nurse and the injury he had spoken of let me know I was in hospital. But why? I had no idea. All I was certain of was that I didn't want to be left on my own. And I certainly didn't want David to leave my side.

"You don't remember?" he asked, his expression once again filled with concern. I wanted to brush the look from his face and tell him that everything would be alright. But I didn't know how. If I couldn't remember being attacked then how could I reassure him that everything would be fine?

The door banged open and I jumped, making my head ache even more. Sudden movements were no good.

"You shouldn't be sitting up, Miss Grant." The nurse's business-like tone made me smile. She turned on David. "How long has she been awake?"

"Just a few minutes. She has just woken up. She doesn't remember anything."

The nurse turned back to me. "Where do you have pain?"

"My head and my throat and neck." I tried to lift my hand but my body felt tired as though I had run a marathon.

"That's to be expected. I'll get you some more pain relief and then I need you to get some rest." She checked the machine beside the bed before once more leaving.

"You gave us all quite a scare, Carrie." Aaron's voice broke through my thoughts and I turned to look at him.

"I didn't mean to..."

He grinned and sat in the chair near the bed. "This one hasn't slept since it happened. I've been trying to tell him that he needs to rest but he wouldn't listen."

I glanced over at David as Aaron spoke. For the first time I noticed that it wasn't just concern that was etched into his features. He looked exhausted. Where normally his clothes were immaculate, the ones he wore were crumpled and ruined. They looked as though he had slept in them and, judging from the tiredness on his face, he probably had.

"Where have you been sleeping?" I asked him.

"It doesn't matter..."

Aaron's voice cut across David's dismissal. "He's been sleeping here. On the sofa under the window. Refused to leave your side."

David shot Aaron a dirty look, shutting him up. The other man shrugged and closed his eyes, settling back against the chair he sat in.

"Take no notice of Aaron. I just did what I had to do... This is my fault..."

"David, I'm a little hazy on what actually happened, but what I am sure of is that none of this was your fault. You didn't do this to me."

"I may as well have..."

I tried to shake my head but the movement caused me to whimper and close my eyes until the pain subsided. The nurse hurried back into the room, pushing a small trolley in front of her. On it I could see several vials and small sealed packages. Seeing the look of pain on my face she began immediately ripping open little packages and pulled a small vial from the collection. I watched through a fog of pain as she prepped the needle and injected the clear fluid into the saline drip that was suspended above me.

"You need to rest."

"I don't really, I'm fine..." The moment the clear fluid passed down the line and into my arm I felt its effects. It washed over me, chasing the pain away in front of it like the crashing wave on the shore. Something tugged at my memory. Something about the beach and the water.

Without thinking I reached up and took David's hand. He jumped and looked at me startled. He was used to initiating the contact. The fact that I had taken his hand in mine spoke volumes. It was like a reassurance, he knew I didn't blame him. I never could. This wasn't his fault...

The nurse watched me for a few minutes more. She checked the machines beside the bed before turning back to me. "Does that feel better?" she asked.

"Yeah..." My voice was groggy and drugged. "I don't want to sleep, though... I want to be awake..." Panic threatened to grip me and I held onto David's hand a little more tightly.

He pressed his hand to my forehead and smoothed my hair back. "Sssh, I'll still be here when you wake..."

I smiled weakly and nodded before closing my eyes and letting myself drift away on the haze of drugs. The sound of David's voice tugged at me, I tried to stay awake to hear what he had to say but it was coming from very far away.

"They haven't picked him up yet."

"They will, David. Relax. He won't be back. What he did to Carrie was the last ditch attempt of a very desperate man."

"But I'd feel so much better if they had him in custody... Not knowing where he is, Aaron... What if..."

"He won't. Stop thinking like that. She's safe. Just be glad you got there in time..."

"Aaron, if he had succeeded, I don't think I could ever forgive myself... It's made me wonder if Carrie wouldn't be better off without me in her life. If I had left her alone none of this would have happened. Life would be normal..."

I stirred then, David's words penetrating the haze that filled my head with cotton wool. I wanted him to know that I was glad he hadn't left me alone. That without him in my life, I would be a shell.

"We shouldn't be discussing this in here. We should take it out into the hall..."

I tried to open my mouth to call David back. I didn't want to be left on my own. The sound of the door closing let me know I was, though. With a sigh I let the medication take me. Rest was the only way to get back on my feet. I needed to be better so I could show David just how much he meant to me. There was no way I was letting him go now that I had found him.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The first few days after I woke up seemed to blur one into the other. Once the pain started to lessen and my mind wasn't fogged up by the pain medication as much, I started to feel far better. The only thing I found myself unhappy about was the fact that I couldn't remember what happened that night on the beach.

David did his best to try and fill in the blanks for me. But without my own memory of that night it was simply him telling me a story. By the third day I was itching to leave. The doctor seemed pleased by my progress but was still a little anxious about my loss of memory caused by the head trauma. The one thing I was extremely grateful for was that the headaches had slowly begun to grow further and further apart.

The feel of a warm hand brushing gently across my cheek had me stirring. It seemed a little early for David to be here. Ever since I had found out about him sleeping on the couch I had insisted he return to the hotel and get some proper sleep. What had finally convinced him was my telling him that he was disturbing my rest.

I rolled onto my back and opened my eyes with a smile. The face that stared down at me wasn't David's, but it was very familiar. The curve of his lips and the boyish charm. The way his smile lit up his entire face but failed to reach his eyes. My stomach lurched as I stared up at him.

Cold, clammy terror wound its way down my spine and crawled up the back of my throat. I remembered the feel of his hands on my neck. The way he had tried to squeeze the life from me, choke me... The look of pure hatred that had filled his eyes. But more than that, the look of happiness as he had tried to kill me. The look of someone who enjoyed inflicting pain and who had just discovered their new favourite hobby. It was that look that had haunted my dreams. It was the look in those eyes that had me waking most nights in a cold sweat. And now here he was, standing over me.

I opened my mouth but Robert was quick to clamp his hand down on my face. He pinned me easily beneath him. I struggled, terror making me stronger than normal. But I was still weakened and he was determined.

"When I heard you were in the hospital I was so disappointed. I failed. You see, Carrie, I seem to be failing at everything lately. David has me beat at every turn. Or so I thought."

He paused long enough to trace his fingers down across my cheek. A tear slipped silently from my eye and he caught it on the tip of his finger, holding it there as he pinned me to the bed. Realising that one of my hands was still free I inched my hand closer and closer to the little red button that lay on the covers beside me. If I could just reach it and press it without him noticing someone would have to come to my room. I would be safe.

I flinched and shut my eyes as he clenched his fist tightly, crushing the tear in his large grip. I was certain that he was going to finish what he had started. My own memories were still hazy but the more time I spent in his company the clearer they were becoming.

"If I had killed you when I had originally planned, Carrie, David would have felt guilty. It would have hurt him, there is no doubt about that. But now. If I bide my time, take my time and make my plans and kill you when I'm good and ready, it will hurt David a great deal more. He wants to protect you. I don't really understand it myself, I've never had the overwhelming urge to protect others..."

He stared off into the distance as though looking at something only he could see. "If I take you from him now-kill you when he is at his most vigilante, when every fibre of his being is striving to protect you-that's what will do the most damage to him. David is a proud, arrogant man, one could say. This would finish him."

My fingers closed around the small button and I began frantically pressing it. Faintly I could hear the buzzer sounding in the nurses' station. Robert pressed his face in close to mine once more, nuzzling at my ear and grazing his teeth down along the line of my jaw.

"We could have some fun before I... Well, you know... It doesn't have to be all pain and suffering. I must admit to being quite intrigued as to what it is that David sees in you. You're not my type, but there is something about you..." He pressed his lips against my ear and I cringed away from his hot breath. "I'd be very interested in exploring what it is about you that David finds intriguing..."

The door opened and I caught sight of a small nurse bustling into the room. She pushed the usual medication trolley ahead of her. Her gaze was focused on the chart that lay across the top of the cart and she didn't see Robert immediately. But he saw her. I felt him stiffen, all of his relaxed bravado instantly disappearing, and the tension practically dripped off him.

"Now, Miss Grant, what appears to be the matter?"

I struggled in Robert's grip as the nurse turned her attention from the chart to me in the bed. Surprise and shock froze her to the spot. "What's going on!" she exclaimed.

Robert pressed his clammy lips to my forehead and kissed me, before springing away from the bed. The nurse turned to run, to escape and no doubt raise the alarm, but Robert knew he needed time to escape. Grabbing the small, dainty woman he slammed her head-first into the wall. Her body crumpled in a heap to the floor as he dashed from the room, leaving me struggling to get out of the bed and help the fallen nurse.

He hadn't even given her a chance to scream in surprise and the fact that she was lying on the floor so still sent panic trembling through me. He had tried to kill me once before. But what if my summoning help had caused him to kill someone completely innocent? Someone who had nothing to do with the situation. How would I ever reconcile that within myself?

Dropping to my knees I pressed my fingers against the woman's neck and was relieved to feel a pulse. I crawled to the door, the adrenaline still coursing through my body. Pulling it open, I tried to stand but instead slid out into the hall and collapsed back onto my knees.

"Help!" I found my voice just as I began to sob. The hall quickly became a hive of activity, with nurses, doctors, and orderlies quickly rushing to my aide, but I directed them to my room and the fallen woman. My sobs were threatening to overwhelm my voice, and my body had started to shake uncontrollably.

"Get, David... Please, get, David..." I wasn't sure if they understood my pleas for the only man who had ever made me feel safe in my life. I was picked up and carried to a separate room. The doctor examined me and asked questions in an attempt to figure out what had happened. But in my head the only thing I could think about was how I wanted David to come and hold me in his arms. I was certain that if he did, I would be safe.

Part of me knew how stupid it was to think that way. David hadn't protected me from Robert either time he had chosen to attack me. But it didn't stop me from being sure that if I could just feel David's arms around me, that nothing could ever touch me.

"Where is she?" The sound of his voice roused me from whatever shocked trance I was slipping into. He burst through the security men who had spent their time trying to question me, and swept me up into his arms.

I couldn't stop the tears, they rolled from my eyes, hot and heavy. The scent of David's cologne enveloped me in its warm, heady aroma and washed away the acrid smell of Robert that seemed determined to linger on my skin.

David wound his fingers into my dark hair and gently tilted my head back. His eyes were filled with pain and anguish and it hurt me to see him in such a state.

"I'm alright." I whispered the words but I knew he heard me. I could see the slight flinching of his eyes and I could imagine what he was thinking in his head. He was blaming himself. It was as clear to me as though he had announced it to the entire room.

"What happened?" David pressed his lips against mine in a soft, almost chaste kiss. It was filled with unformed words and unspoken emotion but for the first time I was with David, I understood his feelings for me. Words were not necessary for the feelings he held for me. I knew at some point he would tell me but it would be when he was ready and not a moment sooner. A thought popped into my head then. Perhaps he didn't even fully understand what he felt for me. It was possible. After everything that had happened, it wasn't impossible to think that David had not yet had time to fully figure out what he was feeling.

"I woke up and he was just there. I don't know how he got in. I presume he just walked in... But... At first I thought it might have been you. I knew it was too early but I never for a second thought it could ever be him. He gave me a fright..."

"I should have been there. I should never have left you alone... I just thought with the time that had passed and the fact that he had never attempted to come near you sooner... Well, I thought maybe he had fled the country... I should have known better..."

David spun away from me and slammed his fist down on the counter in the corner of the room. The security men moved towards him as though afraid he might do more, but I waved them back as I hopped down from the examination bed I was sitting on. The last thing David needed right now was to deal with any more trouble.

I moved to him and wrapped my arms tightly around his waist, moving into his embrace and pressing my head against his chest. "David, this is not your fault. I told you to leave. I need you strong, not tired and grumpy. One of us injured is enough. And anyway, if he didn't come today he would simply have found another time to do it. Perhaps when I was back at my own apartment, alone, and unable to call anyone for help..."

David's arms tightened around me as I spoke. The thought hadn't even occurred to me before now. I was incredibly lucky. What if he had targeted me when I was alone in my apartment? There would have been no one to interrupt if he had done that. He could have done anything he wanted... The thought sent a shiver chasing down my spine.

"Are you cold?" David picked me up from the floor as though I weighed nothing. All thoughts of Robert disappeared from my mind as David pressed me close against his body. I knew what his body could do to me-the way he could make me feel with just the touch of his hands. I longed to trace my fingers across his bare chest, to watch the excitement light up his eyes as I followed my fingers with my tongue.

"Carrie?" I snapped my gaze back to David. He still looked concerned but I could tell that he knew exactly what I was thinking about. It was as though he could read my mind. With him near me, my thoughts were never my own. I didn't mind, it was comforting to think that the man who held me in his arms knew me well enough to know exactly what I was thinking.

He carried me back to the bed and set me on the edge. I looked down at my bare feet and it slowly began to sink in that I was still in my hospital gown. No slippers, no robe. It was at that moment that I was grateful that the gown wasn't the usual open-backed affair.

"You're all flushed. What were you thinking about?" He tilted my face up to his. Gently he stroked his fingers down along my jaw line until they ran down the side of my neck to the wide neckline of the hospital gown.

"You know what I was thinking. I was thinking about you and what you can do to me... The things you make me feel with your hands and your body..." I trailed off as the heat built within my core.

David's laugh startled me. "Carrie, you're not even out of the hospital and you were just attacked and that is what you were thinking? If I had known all those months that I watched you tottering around my office just how insatiable you truly are I would have built up the courage to take you a lot sooner..."

I blushed and ducked my head, letting my dark hair fall across my face like a curtain. He had watched me for a while. He had liked me for some time and he had needed courage to approach me. I found it a little hard to believe. David Ashcroft was a man who got what he wanted. He didn't pussy-foot around situations and he certainly didn't need to build up courage to take what he wanted. It was part of the reason he was so successful in business.

"I don't believe you..." The words were out of my mouth before I could stop them. I wasn't sure if it was the shock or if I was simply getting braver around David that made me say it. He instantly stopped laughing. His grip on my chin tightened as he lifted my face up to look at his.

His expression was all business and I knew he wanted answers. He didn't even need to open his mouth to ask me what I meant. I could simply tell from the look in his eyes, the set of his jaw and the way his fingers brushed ever-tightening circles on my chin.

"I mean, you're David Ashcroft. Business man extraordinaire. You don't need to build up courage for anything, let alone asking someone like me out..."

For a moment David's expression was one of utter confusion, until finally he seemed to understand what I was saying. "You think I didn't struggle with the idea of asking you out?"

I tried to duck my chin down again but this time David was having none of it. He held my face tight and forced me to meet his gaze.

"Yes, that is exactly what I think. The only thing that might have been a struggle would be asking someone who looks like me out... I'm not exactly your typical type... I don't exactly fit the supermodel mould you seemed drawn to..."

"So you think that because I dated slim women in the past that you can automatically put me in a little box? That you know how I think or how I feel or how much courage I need to build up in order to ask out the most beautiful woman I have ever laid eyes on in my life?"

My mouth dropped open and the air caught in my lungs... There had to be a mistake... There was no way he could possibly think of me in that way... It just wasn't possible. Men didn't see me like that. I wasn't beautiful and I certainly wasn't the most beautiful woman they could lay their eyes on... I remembered back over the parade of beauties I had been witness to. Each one of them would leave me far behind in the beauty stakes and yet not one of them seemed to last much longer than one date...

In fact, if memory served me correctly, many of the dates had been business functions of some type or other. And there were often occasions where David had rung the women up to cancel before the date ever happened. He had been a very gracious gentleman, sending them apology flowers and little gifts but he was the one-date-wonder... Or at least that is how I had known him... That was until he asked me to go to the bathroom and remove my panties, starting our own little affair.

"You can't mean that... I'm not..."

"Not what, Carrie? Not beautiful? Don't give me that bullshit. You know how I see you. You know I find you irresistible. It is for that very reason that you are even alive. I couldn't stay away from you that evening. I had business to finish up, calls to make. But seeing you in that dress and knowing what lay beneath it was enough to have me call off all of my business plans for that evening and follow you down to the beach. If I hadn't... Or if I had just gone down with you in the first place... Goddammit, Carrie, but you frustrate me sometimes."

He turned away from me and moved to the door.

"David, I..."

"Just don't say another word. I'm not sure how I'm supposed to show you what I think of you and how beautiful I really believe you are but I'm going to have to figure out a way..."

He stalked out of the room and pulled one of the security guards with him. "I need to talk to your manager. What happened here today is unacceptable... I want Miss Grant moved immediately..."

His voice faded away as he moved down the hall. I wrapped my arms around my body and shivered. It was all far too much to believe. Robert and David and everything that had happened. Part of me wished that what had occurred with Robert had been a dream but I knew better. I also knew that the moment I tried to close my eyes and sleep that his face would haunt me.

The things he had said to me. The way he had threatened me... I hadn't told David but I knew I was going to have to. But after everything that had just happened between us and the way he was blaming himself for what had happened in the first place, I was unsure how I could tell him. What if he blamed himself even more? And worse, how far would he go to protect me? The last thing I wanted was David getting himself into trouble with the law because of me or getting hurt because of something Robert did.

I chewed my lip nervously as I waited for someone to come and tell me I could go back to my room. If David was moving me out of the hospital then where was he taking me to? I could only assume it wasn't back to the island hotel. Perhaps he was taking me back to the city and my own apartment. A sigh of relief escaped me as I imagined curling up on my own sofa with a large glass of wine. If I needed anything right now it was my own familiar surroundings. I was worried about Robert and what he planned to do but a naive part of me hoped he'd had enough. Today in the hospital and the close call he had encountered might have been enough to frighten him off. I hoped it was true. But it was a very small hope.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

"The car will be here shortly." David's tone was curt and cold.

Swallowing, I pushed the last of my clothes back into the bag he had brought to me earlier in the week. I hadn't needed much in the way of clothes. Spending time in a hospital was good for the dry cleaning bills. Standing straighter I studied David's back. He stood rigid and on guard, his back facing me as he watched the people moving up and down the hall. It was as though he was preparing for Robert to come back at any moment.

Robert's threats drifted back to me then. He had promised to get me when David was at his most protective. That the guilt of knowing no matter what he did that he couldn't save me would crush him. I swallowed back the fear and cleared my throat. All it was, was threats. Robert wasn't here now, he couldn't hurt me. I wouldn't let him.

"We need to talk," David said. The words came out so low I barely caught them. The only reason I heard him was because I was so attuned to his every movement and breath. I knew every beat of his heart and each breath he took. We were connected. He was a part of me now.

I sat on the edge of the bed and prepared to have him talk at me. He was so angry from earlier that it made sense that he would talk at me. Anger made him even more dominant than usual. He turned and caught sight of me watching him intently.

"Not here. We can talk privately in the car..." He moved to me and my heart lifted thinking he was going to reach out, to touch me in some small way, but he didn't. Instead he grabbed my bag from the bed and lifted it into his grip. "Are you ready?"

He didn't wait for an answer and instead turned and moved swiftly to the door. I followed him at a much slower pace. Stepping out through the door it was then I caught sight of the large burly man dressed head to toe in black. If he had intended to blend in then he was failing miserably. I stifled a giggle with my hand as I followed David down the hall and into the elevator.

We remained completely silent as we exited the elevator and moved to the desk where I would sign the last of my release forms. Most of the paperwork had already been taken care of, all except for this final slip of paper.

The doctors had been reluctant to just sign me out of their care. Private insurance provided the best possible care but it also meant that the doctors sometimes became over cautious. They had fretted that this morning's ordeal would cause symptoms that might appear later. Shock had a nasty habit of creeping up on unsuspecting victims. But I was ready for it. I knew part of me was still in shock after what had happened. And I had no doubt that the dreams would be truly horrific. The more my memory was jogged into place the more the fear of what was to come tried to paralyse me.

I took the pen the nurse offered me and leaned down over the papers on the desk. My hand began to shake making it impossible to scrawl my signature across the box. I clamped my free hand across my wrist and tried to hold it steady but it was no use. The more I tried to steady my hand the worse the shake became. It spread then, up through my arms and down my torso into my legs.

I gripped the counter as the nurse looked at me with concern. David's hand slipped over mine. His chest pressed reassuringly against my back and he steadied my entire body with his embrace.

"I have you, Carrie. It's alright." He brushed my hair aside and whispered the words directly into my ear. I instantly started to relax, my entire body melting in against him. Without thinking, I dashed my signature across the bottom of the page and David manoeuvred me away from the desk. He kept his tight grip on me as he walked me to the door and out into the sunshine.

The feel of its warmth on my skin served to steady me further and inch by inch the fear and adrenaline relinquished its hold on my body leaving me feeling bone-achingly tired. Making it to the car, I sank into its soft seats with a sigh of relief. I wanted to sleep wrapped in David's arms. I needed sleep. Although I had spent three whole days unconscious, I was still exhausted. And now that the adrenaline and the high after Robert's newest attempt were fading rapidly I was even more exhausted.

David slid into the seat beside me and pulled the seatbelt around my body and clicked it into place before he did the same for himself. He sat as close to me as was possible without actually pulling me into his lap, and slid his arm around my shoulders.

"I know what he said to you..."

David's words hung between us like a small, angry black cloud. It snapped me out of my exhaustion and a headache began to spread behind my eyes. I could feel the tension singing through David's body. The way his hand rested across my shoulders-it wasn't calm or relaxed. The press of his thigh against mine pushed his anxieties through the denim of my jeans.

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"How could I? I knew how you would react. And we both know it's just idle threats..."

The car moved away from the curb and the look David shot me was filled with anger.

"He has tried to kill you twice. He broke into the hospital and attacked you in the hospital and gravely injured a nurse. He promised to get you. That he will kill you, when I am doing my utmost to protect you. That it won't matter what I do, he will kill you anyway. And you think that is an idle threat?" David let out a frustrated sigh.

"I think it's idle because the police will catch him long before then. I can't allow the fear of what might happen rule my life..."

"You don't understand, do you? Carrie. He is dangerous. You should have told me what he said. You should have at least trusted me enough to tell me..."

It was my turn to let out a frustrated sigh. I shrugged out of his grip and pushed my hand back through my hair. "You really think I don't understand? David, honestly? I'm the one wearing his bruises around my neck. It's my head he tried to bash in on the rock. It was my life he tried to take. Mine. Not yours. Not anyone else's. Mine. I understand well enough but I'm not prepared to become his victim. I'll have plenty of that when I close my eyes at night." Tears threatened to spill down my cheeks but I held them at bay by pinching my leg. The pain helped me focus. Helped keep me calm and stopped me from wanting to scream.

David ran his hand across my thigh before he gently took my hand in his. The gesture was almost enough to undo my progress with my emotions but I held them in check.

"I just can't bear to think of anything happening to you. The more I know, the better chance I have of protecting you. That is all. You mean everything to me, Carrie. The sooner you understand that, the better."

The car ran over a bump jolting my hand out of David's and the car turned down and in to a gravel drive. I didn't pay too much attention to where we were headed. Instead all of my attention was focused on the man before me. The intensity in his eyes made me swallow with nervousness. I had witnessed David's intensity before but nothing like this. He meant every word he said. I could feel it.

The car rolled to a halt and it was then I turned my attention to where we were. The house that stood in the large sweeping driveway was huge. The stonework was a work of art in itself and I could tell the house was worth a small fortune. It was the type of house I could imagine gothic heroines running from when the bumping in the closet turned out to be much more than a mouse.

David noticed my shocked expression and a smile spread across his lips. "Welcome to my home. Well, my childhood home. It's my parents' house but they prefer to spend their time abroad. Mother likes the warmth and father will give her anything she wants."

I turned terrified eyes to David and gulped. "Your parents aren't here, are they? Not now?"

David's smile grew even wider. "No. As I said, they prefer being abroad. They never come back here. It has some bad memories so they leave it to me and Aaron to use when we see fit."

I let out a shaking breath and turned to look up at the house once more. It was stunning. The windows sparkled each time the sunlight hit them and the huge oak door was already ajar as though we were expected. That wasn't what truly caught my eye though. It was the sight of a tower attached to one end of the house. It mesmerised me and I imagined what it would be like to climb the stairs to the top, to stand and look out upon the countryside surrounding the house. It was like something from a fairy tale.

I jumped when the car door opened and the bodyguard dressed head to toe in black held it. David's laugh made me want to slap him, but it was nice to hear him so relaxed. Since the situation with Robert had developed, David hadn't been himself. He was always tense and on guard as though expecting someone to jump out at him at any second and steal me away. It was hard to watch him behave that way. Part of me wondered how I was behaving. Perhaps it was the fear in me that was causing such a reaction in David. Could we truly be such mirrors of each other?

"Wait until you see the inside. You'll love it." David sounded so excited as though he had truly found the most exciting thing ever and he wanted to share it with me.

I climbed out of the car and gripped his arm tightly to steady myself. The blood rushed to my head and I felt slightly faint. Even though I was recovered it still didn't stop me from having funny moments. The feeling passed in an instant and David held me tightly as though ensuring that I wouldn't disappear.

"Are you alright? Perhaps this is too much?"

I grinned at him then and gestured to the house. "Are you kidding me? I get taken to beautiful, gothic mansions all the time. This is just one in a long line of gothic mansions..."

His lips crushed mine and stole my breath. His steady grip was the only thing that kept me on my feet as he deepened the kiss. I moaned softly against him as his hands pressed into my back and he nibbled slowly along my lips.

He drew back slowly and broke the kiss. I kept my eyes closed for a few seconds savouring the taste of him on my lips. When I opened them I couldn't help but smile. David's eyes were filled with happiness and something else. I knew the look. I had fallen prey to it several times. It was the look of lust. The look that David used on me that told me all of the things he wanted to do to me then and there-the way he would take my body and use it for his pleasure, sending me to new unexplored heights. I could feel things tighten low in my body and it made me want to take his hand and find a secluded corner. To me it felt like an age since he had done to me everything his eyes promised.

As though he could read my thoughts, he let out a low chuckle. "Later, my love, I promise. For now let's go inside."

We made our way into what appeared to be the hallway, except calling it a hall would have been an insult. The space itself was as big as my apartment. I stared around me at the wall hangings, drinking in the rich atmosphere and the smell of wood polish.

David's hand pressed against my lower back and I jumped, a small squeal escaping my lips. He took my hand and led me into one of the many rooms that were adjacent to the hall. The sitting room was beautiful and opulent. The crystal chandelier glittered each time one of the sunbeams hit it.

I let my eyes roam around the room until they came to rest on a man sprawled across the chintz sofa. He stirred as David and I entered the room and I realised it was Aaron.

"So this is where you hide out when you're not torturing your brother," I teased gently, a small smile creeping across my lips as Aaron grinned at me.

"They let you out of the hospital? I thought you were in there for another few days at least. David seemed to think you would be?" He turned an inquisitive look to his brother but I piped up before David could open his mouth.

"There was an incident, so I left early."

Aaron's expression immediately grew serious. "Incident?"

"Robert, paid her a visit this morning. Threatened her. Said he was glad he didn't succeed the first time because now it means that he can cause even more pain. Plans to do her in when I'm on edge trying to protect her... I won't let that happen, Aaron, I can't..."

Aaron shook his head and let out a sigh as he sat upright on the couch. My shoulders were stiff from holding all of my anxieties inside and I attempted to release them all. I breathed out, a loud sigh escaping me. David wrapped his hand in mine as he led me towards the sofa opposite Aaron. He sat and pulled me down beside him. His thigh pressed tightly against my leg, practically burning a hole in my jeans with the heat that was coming off his body.

"I don't understand, how did he even get into the hospital? How did he know where to go?" Aaron asked, running his hand across his face.

"It's been all over the news," David answered.

I spun around to face him, all the blood draining from my face. "What do you mean all over the news?"

David looked sheepish and dropped his gaze to his hands.

"What do you mean all over the news, David? And why haven't I heard of this before now?" Anger was causing my blood pressure to rise. I could feel it beginning to boil in my veins and I held onto it. Anger was something I could control. Something I could use in the situation that was spiralling rapidly out of my control.

"Well, you were almost killed, Carrie. Something like that would be all over the news..." I could tell from the way David refused to meet my gaze that he was holding something back. Something I would have a major problem with.

"Tell me the truth." I tugged my hand out of his and narrowed my eyes. I wasn't going to be fobbed off. And I certainly wasn't in the mood for coy word games.

"Fine. I'm the owner of a large company. I spend a lot of time in the limelight attending functions. I have a different girl on my arm for every event...until now, so when I met you the press took note. They know how much time we've spent together and as much as I've tried to shelter you from that aspect of my life things get out... I thought I had it under control until Robert tried to kill you. Now your picture as my girlfriend-the one who a business rival attempted to murder-has been splashed all across the papers and the news. Whether you wanted it or not, Carrie, you're famous..."

I stood and walked to the opposite side of the room. Sucking in some deep breaths, I attempted to let the news sink in. I was all over the papers. David thought I was his girlfriend... The phrase hit me like a punch to the gut. Part of me wondered had he only used that word because the press had? Or did he think it too?

I ran my mind back over his revelations. I was glad I had spoken to my parents. Even if it was fleetingly. Knowing what the press was like, I had images of them being hounded for news on my whereabouts and my state.

If the word was out there, how easy would it be for Robert to find me in future? Could he simply track my whereabouts by following the news? I turned back to David and Aaron, my heart pounding in my chest. I was still angry but I wasn't angry at David. This wasn't his fault-none of it was. I had been naive getting into the relationship with him and thinking nothing would touch me.

"How come I haven't seen any of the press?" I asked. "Aren't they supposed to be following us around trying to take pictures?"

"They don't know you've left the hospital. But it's all a matter of time... Carrie, I'm so sorry..."

I lifted my hand to stop his apology. "Don't. You don't need to keep apologising for things that are not your fault. All I want to do now is start getting back into things. Relax and ensure Robert is caught..." A small smile slid across my lips as I shifted my thoughts to far more pleasant imaginings. Thoughts that I hoped would be very shortly put into action.

"I think I should lie down for a while. After everything... you know?" I wasn't particularly tired. The more I stared at David, and felt his closeness, the more I wanted to feel his lips on mine.

He stood and took my hand in his. Aaron watched silently for a few minutes as though attempting to assess the situation. A grin curved his lips that made me blush. David seemed completely oblivious and it made me want to giggle. He was so knowledgeable when it came to sex and yet here I was preparing to throw myself at him and he didn't see it coming.

I followed him back out the door and into the large hall. From there he took me up the stairs. I couldn't help but be astounded by the number of art works that lined the walls. The carpet felt thick and lush and I longed to pull my shoes off and dig my toes into its thick pile.

Reaching the top of the stairs, David directed me to what I assumed would be my room. What lay beyond the door was far more than I had bargained for. The entire space reminded me of a complete apartment. Walking through the door, I entered what appeared to be a large sitting room. An archway separated it from the bedroom. Peeking through, I could see a huge four-poster bed dominating the floor space.

David stood in the middle of the room and watched as I explored. When I turned to him with a look of wonderment his smile grew larger.

"Do you like it?" he asked me.

"Like it? It's amazing... It's just perfect in every single way... I can't explain how perfect it is..."

He moved in behind me and wrapped his arms around my body, slowly turning me to face him. "You don't need to explain. I can see it in your face..."

He dipped his face towards mine and kissed me softly. But I didn't want soft. Now more than ever I needed the hard dominating David that I knew existed. I needed to feel alive. To give myself over to him and have him tear the orgasms kicking and screaming from my body.

I wrapped my arms around his neck and tugged him closer. Soft moans of need whispering past my lips as I deepened the kiss. David held me against him as though if he pressed too hard I might break. But I wanted more. I had to have him, all of him.

I bit down on his lip, drawing a shocked gasp from him. He pulled away from me and stared down into my lust-filled eyes. I felt like writhing against him, that if I pressed my body up tightly against his that he would have no choice but to give me what I craved.

David's hands moved to my shoulders and he held me at arm's length. Each time I tried to move into him he pushed me back just a little, just enough to stop me from touching him the way I wanted to.

"Carrie, what's gotten into you?" he asked. His eyes were filled with the intensity I had come to know David for, but that didn't mean he would give me what I wanted.

"I need to feel you on me. I want you, David. Take me, please. I want to feel alive. Make my body sing..."

I could see the hesitation in his eyes a second before he uttered the words. "But you're just out of the hospital. You're not fit... What if something happens?"

I blew out a frustrated sigh and stalked away from him into the bedroom. What was the point of having a room like this and spending time with a man that made me feel the way he did if he wasn't willing to take me? To me it felt like a waste.

"Why is it always on your terms that we do something? Why can't I ask for something and you would do it?" I stared out the window as I spoke.

He tangled his hand into my hair and pulled tightly. The sharp pain tingled along my scalp making me release all of the pent up emotion I had been holding in one long breath. I hadn't heard him come up behind me.

"It's on my terms because I am Master. You are mine, Carrie, you do what I tell you or you get punished. It's simple as that, really." He tightened his fingers in my hair and I gasped. I half expected him to immediately release me and ask me was I alright but he didn't.

Using the grip in my hair he tilted my head to the side and nibbled up along the length of my neck. The feel of his lips brushing against my skin and the way his teeth grazed me made my knees weak.

They slowly buckled beneath me but David was there first. He scooped me up and dropped me onto the bed. I turned and looked up into his eyes and they were filled with the intensity I had witnessed earlier. It both frightened and thrilled me and I wanted him to take me with the passion burning in his eyes. I had a feeling if he did he would push me to the edge of my capabilities and then tip me over the other side.

He stripped. His shirt was quickly discarded on the floor and his trousers followed. When he stood before me, his naked body silhouetted in the window as the afternoon sunshine poured in around him, he made my heart falter. He was beautiful, almost godlike and he made me feel ashamed of my own body. I knew I shouldn't have been. That he spent all of his time trying to reassure me that my body to him was like perfection. But from where I sat at that particular moment looking up at him, I didn't feel like perfection. In fact I didn't feel right at all. The gravity of the situation began to close in around me and I gasped for air.

I wasn't sure how he managed it, but it truly felt as though he knew exactly what I was feeling in that moment. He moved over me, I scrambled back in an attempt to put some distance between us but David's hand clamped down on my thigh, pinning me in place.

He slid his hand up along my jean-clad legs and it was enough to push my damaging thoughts back. His hands reached the button on the jeans and slowly and deliberately he opened them. I was mesmerised by the look in his eyes. It was pure, unadulterated want and power. He wanted me, all of me. I could see reflected in his eyes exactly what he would do to me. Whatever we were about to share in this bed would tether me completely to him. There would be no escape. David would possess all of me. I could feel it within me, in the way my blood sang in my veins each time his hand touched my flesh. He would own me and I would welcome it. I wanted him to have me.

He gripped the top of the jeans and violently tugged them down my legs. It put me completely beneath him as he dropped them onto the floor and moved on to the shirt I was wearing. He popped each button painstakingly slowly, until finally I was exposed to him. Once again he pulled the shirt violently from my body, staking his claim on my flesh.

I writhed beneath him, unable to help myself. My body ached for his touch. It felt like an age had passed since he had last taken me. And now I knew it was coming, I couldn't help but let a small whimper escape me. I lay before him in my panties and a bra and I was torn. On one hand I longed for him to take them off, to expose me completely to his gaze, and on the other hand I was afraid. I knew he had seen me naked before but that didn't stop me from feeling anxious. What if this time was different? What if he didn't like what he saw? What if I disappointed him?

David pressed his fingers against my panties, probing until he could feel the folds of my sex. I knew I was wet, I had felt it trickling from me and soaking into my knickers. And now David knew it too.

A wicked smile crossed his lips as he felt my body's response to him. He knew only too well the effect he had on me. Using his fingers he pressed harder in against the folds of my sex, pushing his fingers against my clit until I moaned and threw my head back on the bed covers.

"I feel how much you want me, Carrie. And I don't just mean how wet you are." He slipped his fingers beneath the thin panties and thrust his fingers up into me. I let out a long sigh as he began to slide his fingers in and out of my body. The pleasure spiralled inside me but it wasn't enough.

David lowered his body over mine and clamped his teeth down on my breast. Even though the bra covered me he found my nipple easily and nibbled at it until it rose into a tight bud of pure pleasure. I gasped, the sound resonating in the quiet room. His fingers thrummed a soft beat inside me as his teeth grazed and nibbled at the flesh of my breasts.

I didn't notice when he removed my bra and slid the panties down my legs and let them drop to the floor in the pile of discarded clothes. I cried out when his teeth bit into the soft ripe flesh of my exposed breast. He spread my legs in that instant of pure pain and pleasure and thrust himself up inside me.

I screamed. The feeling was intense. It was as though my body had kept itself together waiting for that one perfect moment when David would join with me. And when he did, my body broke apart. My mind left my body, carried away on the pleasure of having the man I loved move within me.

I had never admitted it before to myself. It had always seemed impossible but it was true. I loved him. Every inch of him inside and out. And I would do anything to protect him. It hit me as David thrust into my body over and over. I pushed my hands into his hair and tilted his face down to look into mine. His eyes were filled with the fire of his possession of me. What he saw in my eyes spurred him on and he took me harder and faster, his body rocking against mine.

I never closed my eyes, instead choosing to stare into his, to lose myself in his gaze. The pleasure continued to build inside me, pushing up into my chest until I was sure it would spill out of my mouth. The tears ran down my cheeks. The sensation of David's body in mine and the pleasure he gave me, coupled with the realisation that I loved him, was enough to tip me over the edge.

I cried out, my voice echoing inside the room and mingling with David's shout of release. I dug my nails into his back leaving him covered in long, ragged scratches as he spilled his pleasure inside me. Filling me with the warmth of his seed. The pleasure bucked and heaved inside my body, like a live creature attempting to escape from inside of it. I floated on the pleasure, the aftermath of its glow coating my and David's body in a fine sheen of sweat.

He lay beside me in the afternoon sunshine. His hand was across my body, making small circles on my tummy. We lay in that state for what felt like an eternity, neither moving or wanting to say anything. We were sated. As the sky began to darken, David's breathing deepened. I smiled as his hand slipped from my body and he rolled onto his stomach. I loved watching him sleep. It was the one thing that made him appear completely relaxed and at ease. His face was smooth, all of his worry and fear given up in the face of complete relaxation.

Gently I traced my fingers across his brow. His hair had fallen down across his face and I used my hand to push it back. I wanted to watch him sleep. To see him when he was at his most vulnerable. It made him appear younger than he was, and far more innocent than I knew him to be. Part of me wondered if David had ever been innocent. He didn't strike me as the innocent type, since he enjoyed being wicked far too much. But if indulging in sins of the flesh was all I had to worry about with David, I considered it to be just fine.

There were others out there far worse but as far as I was concerned in that moment as I stared down into his sleeping countenance, there were none better than him. I trailed my hand down along his back and he stirred, his hand wrapping around my body unconsciously and pulling me close in against him. He pressed his body to mine and I closed my eyes, lost in the feel of him. Sleeping in the circle of David's arms each night was something I could very easily get used to. Closing my eyes, I let myself drift away in his embrace.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Opening my eyes I squinted as the sunlight pouring in through the window. We had forgotten to close the curtains. Confused, I sat up and rubbed my hand across my eyes. When I had drifted off to sleep the sky had grown dark. Night time had settled in and now it was bright. I couldn't possibly have slept for so long without stirring? Could I? I turned in the bed but David was nowhere to be found. Part of me felt a little hurt that he hadn't woken me, or even hung around in the bed with me. It seemed to be his modus operandi to always get out of the bed before me.

Crawling to the edge of the bed I let my legs hang down over the side. I hadn't asked David where the bathroom was or even where I could go to get freshened up. But judging by the size of the room there had to be a bathroom lurking around here somewhere that I could commandeer for a shower. I stepped down onto the lush carpet and dug my toes into it. This was the type of luxury that I could see myself getting used to.

Don't get too comfortable. What happens when he drops you for someone else? He's done it to others, what makes you special? I frowned as the nagging little voice tried to spoil my enjoyment. During my time with David so far I had managed to just about keep my insecurities at bay. The last thing I needed was for them to raise their ugly heads and ruin what I shared with him.

Padding over to a chaise lounge that stood against the far wall of the room, I picked up the satin robe that was laid out for me. Part of me couldn't help but wonder when David'd had the time to set it up. But it had his mark all over it. I pulled it on, the material whispering against my skin with a sigh. Cinching it in around my waist I walked to the window and stared out at the view. It was truly breathtaking.

It was then I noticed it. The room I was in was positioned perfectly to afford me a view of the tower I had spotted the day before. I stared at it hard. The walls were crumbling and some of the masonry had come away leaving the inside brick exposed to the elements. What wasn't damaged and crumbling was covered in a thick layer of red and green climbing plants. The colours were brilliantly beautiful in the light and I could almost imagine that it was a tower from some fairy tale. One where the princess was rescued by her handsome prince and they lived happily ever after...

Dragging my eyes away I promised that I would investigate the tower. It seemed odd that it was in such a state of disrepair. Especially considering the rest of the house was in such perfect condition. Moving from the window, I made my way to a door at the opposite side of the room. Pulling it open I discovered it was filled with the clothes that David had bought for me before we left to go to Dom Island. Scanning the outfits, I pulled one that I thought would be the most suitable, considering I was planning on investigating the outside of the house.

With a sigh I surveyed the rest of the room and finally spied a door I had not yet checked behind. Hurrying to it I was relieved to find a large and luxurious bathroom, kitted out with everything I could possibly need for personal grooming. Removing the robe I stepped into the shower and let the hot water cascade down over my skin. Part of me wondered where David was. The other part of me longed for him to sneak in and join me but I knew he wouldn't. He had business to attend to and I didn't doubt that I would find him when he was good and ready.

I crept down the main stairs. The house was so silent, as though there was no one else here. It was a little creepy and I fought the urge to shiver. My stomach growled and I contemplated going in search of something to eat. But something held me back. There was something I wanted to do far more urgently. I wanted to get a better look at the tower. I wanted to explore and discover its secrets. The fact that it was in such ruins intrigued me and I wanted to understand.

Sneaking to the front door I opened it slowly. It creaked loudly but no one came to investigate. It made me wonder if there was anyone in the house or if I had been deserted.

Standing on the stone steps in front of the house I let the sunshine pour over me. It felt amazing to let it soak into my skin. If I could have lain out on the steps and soaked up the warmth from its light I would have. But I had something to do first. Opening my eyes I made my way down the steps to the gravel drive and followed it around the front of the house.

I had to step off the path and make my way through the grass. I stumbled across a rock and it was only then I realised that what I was walking across was an old path that had become completely over-grown. It only added to the mystery of the tower. If it were my house I would have kept it in mint condition in the same way the rest of the house was.

I came to a halt in front of the tall structure and stared up at its crumbling walls covered in green and red flowering plants. It was even better looking at it up close. I made my way up to the wall and pressed my hand against the cold stone.

If walls could talk... The thought popped into my head unbidden but it was true. Who knew what this house and tower had witnessed during the years it had stood here? I wanted to ask David why it was left to fall into ruin, but part of me knew that to ask him would open an old wound. I loved him, the last thing I wanted to do was hurt him by dredging up memories.

I moved along the wall and found the wooden door overgrown by ivy and weeds. I twisted the handle but the latch wouldn't budge. It was locked. I wasn't surprised. I tested the door itself and it creaked but popped open, the wood around the lock splintering and breaking up as the door opened inwards.

A small thrill ran through me as I pushed the door open wider and stepped inside. It was dark and dank. The floor was stone and weeds pushed their way up through the cracks. I looked up and caught sight of several wooden floors above my head. The hole in the centre of them sent a shiver running down my spine. I couldn't see any broken pieces scattered on the floor around me. Which meant whatever had happened here had been cleaned up before the tower was locked up.

The stairs up through the tower lay off to one side. Stepping over the broken stone floor I picked my way over to the steps and tested their strength. They made horrible groaning sounds but they seemed strong enough to stand on. I took my first tentative step up and then another and another. I edged my way to the banister on the stairs and peeked over. The ground seemed like a long way away but in my head I knew that wasn't really true. It was my imagination playing tricks on me. The sound of splintering wood had me looking up in shock as a chunk of timber broke free of one of the beams and hurtled towards me.

His arms wrapped around me and dragged me out of the way before the wood crushed me. He pulled me to the wall of the tower and pressed me up against it, his body sheltering mine from any other pieces of debris that might come loose and fall.

Fear filled me as I stared up into his angry eyes.

"Who let you in here?" David's voice was hoarse with emotion.

"David, I'm sorry... I..."

"Who let you in here?" He barked the words at me and I cringed away from him. I tried to duck out from beneath his grip that held me in place but he moved closer to my body, pinning me to the cold stone wall. Slowly it began to suck the heat from my body and I shivered.

"I let myself in here... The door, it just sort of opened... The wood was rotting and I was so curious... I think it's so beautiful..."

"So you thought you'd just go snooping around? Sticking your nose in where it doesn't belong and get yourself killed in the process? Is that what you wanted?"

"David I..." I shut my mouth. He was angry and there was nothing I could say to change that.

He let out a sigh and his shoulders sagged. All of the anger seemed to leave him at once and when he returned his gaze to mine his eyes were filled with sadness.

"You could have been hurt, or even killed. I know how dangerous this place is. There is a reason the door was locked..."

I cupped his face with my hands. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to give you a fright or make you worry..."

"It's not your fault. It's this place. Mom has had it locked up ever since the accident. It was never in a good state to begin with but they had plans for it. They were having it renovated and it was going to be the jewel in the crown, so to speak..."

He gazed off into the distance as though witnessing a time and a place only he could see. When he shook his head I could see that his eyes had filled with unshed tears. And it left me feeling even more wretched than before. I hadn't asked him about the tower because I didn't want to hurt him. Why did I think breaking in here, almost getting killed, and causing him to remember something from his past would be a better idea?

"You don't have to tell me if you don't want to... I'll understand..."

The words hung in the air between us for a few seconds, suspended in time.

"I want to."

Three simple words and yet they made my heart soar to hear them. He wanted to share with me. It made me feel privileged to know that he trusted me enough to tell me about his past.

"I had a sister. Melissa. She was younger than Aaron and me... Far more stubborn and-as far as she was concerned-anything we could do, well, Mel did it better..."

He paused and closed his eyes as he sucked in a deep breath. When he opened them again he seemed stronger.

"They were renovating this place, had all the usual types of scaffolding up and Aaron and I were daring each other to climb it. We were young, I was ten and Aaron was twelve. Mel saw what we were doing and decided she could do it so much better."

He glanced up at the top of the tower before continuing. "She climbed the bars on the outside all the way to the top but lost her grip. She fell in through the window up there." He pointed upwards to a broken window on the top floor.

"At first Aaron and me, we laughed and made our way in here, you know, to rib her about what she had done. We heard her crying on the top level so we got worried and ran up to her but it was too late. As we reached the top the entire floor gave way and she fell through. Turns out the builders hadn't realised that all the floors were completely rotted through. Each time she hit another floor we thought that was it but she just kept falling... She screamed until she hit the last floor..."

I wrapped my arms around his waist. The pain I could hear in his voice, in the way he spoke and the memory he was remembering, was all too vivid. He spoke of it as though it had happened just yesterday.

"It's the silence that really bothers me... The silence after she fell... It was like the world moved in slow motion and that everything lost all of its sound... That haunts me the worst... That and seeing her. She looked like she was sleeping except there was so much blood all around her..."

He cut off then, his voice completely choked by emotion. I hugged him close, burying my face against his chest. Trying to comfort him. But how did you comfort someone who had bottled something up for so long? Who had never truly let go...

"It was my fault... I was the one who dared Aaron. If we had just stayed away..."

"David, it wasn't your fault. You need to realise that. Your sister sounds a lot like you. She would have done it anyway probably just to prove to you all that she could..."

David sucked in another shaky breath and pushed me slowly back so he could look into my face. Whatever he saw there must have satisfied him because he dipped his face to mine and kissed me softly.

"I'm taking you back to the city with me today. I have something special planned for you, something I want to ask you. But first I need to go into the office for a little while. One or two things I need to tie up there."

My mind raced at his words. What could he possibly have meant? What did 'something special' mean? I longed to beg him to tell me but I bit my tongue. I knew if I begged he would enjoy holding it over me. He wrapped his arm around my shoulder and laughed softly.

"Carrie, your face is a picture. It's one of the things I love about you..."

I froze. It was the first time he had uttered the word love to me. I placed my hand on his chest and gazed up at him. His eyes were filled with wary apprehension. As though he was afraid of what I might say.

"I love you too..." I whispered the words. David's face instantly relaxed. His eyes lit up and a smile broke across his face that caused me to smile with him.

"I had it all planned out, you know... The way I was going to tell you that I loved you and then it just slipped out. I was afraid you would think it was too soon for that type of talk."

I smiled and shook my head. "Not too soon and the way you said it was just right. I've been trying to hold it inside... I had the same fear as you. I was sure you'd think I was some type of crazy chick who fell in love with anyone who showed an interest in her..."

David laughed and walked me out of the cold tower and into the warm sunshine. "That is not something I could ever accuse you of. Every day I spend with you and the more I get to know you the more I realise that you don't believe a word I tell you. When I say you're beautiful I can see the doubt in your eyes... I would hope that one day I could banish that from you. Teach you to see yourself the way I see you..."

"Aaron told me you were out here and I didn't believe him!" The grating tone of a frantic woman drew my attention from David. She strode across the grass towards us, her heels sinking into the grass with each step. "What are you doing out here? You know that no one comes out here!" She came to a halt in front of us and put her hands on her hips. Her dark hair was immaculately styled and her skirt and blouse let me know she had money. An attempt had been made to conceal the lines that creased her face around her mouth and up near her eyes but it couldn't hide them all.

"Mother..." David's voice was completely flat and toneless. It was as though simply being in this woman's presence sucked all of the life from him. "This is, Carrie." He gestured to me but she dismissed it with a wave of her hand.

"I don't care. No one comes out here. Why are you hanging around this place? You know I want it destroyed and it's far too dangerous..."

"Carrie, this is my mother, Gertrude, or Gertie to her friends." David continued on as though his mother hadn't brushed his initial introduction aside.

She turned narrowed blue eyes in my direction. "It's Mrs Ashcroft to you." She didn't extend her hand in greeting but instead returned her attention to her son. I could feel the hostility that rolled off her in waves.

"Clarissa Lonsdale informed me that you were splashed all over the tabloids with some new piece of trash and a murder plot. I didn't believe her at first but then I saw it for myself. So I rushed home only to find out that you had brought it here. And now I find you out here disobeying a direct order."

David's hand trembled in mine and I squeezed it softly in an attempt to reassure him but it did no good. He was furious. The anger bubbled up under the surface searching for an exit.

"How dare you speak of Carrie in that manner? I always thought you were at least civil and now I see that I was wrong on that count. What was it you were always telling me? That you wanted me to be happy?"

"Of course I want you to be happy, David. Just not with such a frumpy piece of trash. What about Erica?"

"Who is Erica?" I couldn't stop myself from interjecting. I had heard enough to last me a lifetime. David's mother didn't know me and yet she saw fit to pass judgement on me. I didn't have to take it and I wouldn't.

She turned her cold, blue eyes to me. Her lips twisted in a cruel smile as she answered. "Erica, is David's soon-to-be fiancee. Tell her, David."

I sucked in an angry breath and waited for David to answer. "That's it. I don't have to stand for this. Erica and I are never going to happen. The sooner you understand that the better. I'm with Carrie." With that he jerked me forward as he began to stride across the lawn.

I looked back over my shoulder as David pulled me after him, only to watch his mother's shocked face follow our progress. We made it down onto the gravel and David continued walking as far as the garage. His mother had started to follow us. David released my hand as he entered the garage and a few moments later I heard the sound of an engine purring to life. As the large electric door opened wide, his mother reached the place where I stood.

She never uttered a word to me, choosing to wait until her son pulled out of the garage in a sleek, black Mercedes. The passenger door popped open as it pulled level with me and I slid into the heated leather seats. His mother leaned in over me, treating me as though I didn't even exist, her strong floral perfume making my nose itch and the back of my throat burn.

"David, don't be like this. You know I only do what I do for the best."

"Was it best to blame me for Mel's death for all those years? You couldn't blame Aaron because he was the eldest son and father wouldn't have liked it. But I was an easy target, wasn't I? Was that for the best too?"

She jerked back out of the car as though David had slapped her and he gunned the engine. I barely had the opportunity to slam the door as we sped away down the drive, wheels spinning and gravel flying.

We travelled in silence for a full half an hour. I wasn't sure what I was supposed to say, or even if I was supposed to say anything. What was the etiquette when your boyfriend's mother thought you were frumpy trash?

David let out a sigh and reached across the space between us. He squeezed my thigh and shot me a quick sheepish smile. "I'm sorry you had to hear that. She's not normally that acidic. Something has obviously driven her over the edge."

I couldn't resist asking him, "Who's Erica?"

David puffed out his cheeks and shot me another sheepish grin. "She's the daughter of our next door neighbours..."

I looked at him, confused. "You have neighbours? I didn't see any houses nearby..."

"Estate. They own the estate beside my parents and when we were younger we dated for about three months but broke it off. Ever since then my mother has decided we will one day marry. She has a real issue with the fact that I haven't gotten back together with her."

"Oh..." My thoughts were in turmoil. If his mother seemed to think there was something between them then perhaps there was? I shook my head and tried to clear the negative thoughts that threatened to overwhelm me. It happened every single time. For some reason I didn't think I was good enough for David. It was something I was going to have to get over, and fast.

The movement of the car lulled me into a relaxed state and it wasn't long before I felt my eyes grow heavy. All I seemed to do lately was sleep and now was no different. I steeled back against the warm leather and drifted off into a fitful sleep, filled with images of a beautiful woman who was trying to steal David from me.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

"Carrie." The sound of David's voice and his hand on my shoulder as he shook me gently awake roused me from my sleep. It was dark and I squinted to figure out where we were. It quickly dawned on me that we were in the underground parking lot of his apartment. I sat up straighter and moved my neck from side to side.

Although I had slept for what felt like hours, I was still tired. He smiled down at me and clicked the buckle on my seatbelt.

"You look adorable when you sleep you know," he said as he climbed out of the car and walked around to open my door.

Smiling sleepily I climbed out and stretched. I closed my eyes as another yawn overcame me. I squealed as David's arms wrapped tightly around me and he pulled me into an embrace. His lips were soft and enticing on mine. I melted against him, my body instantly understanding its place against his. I returned the kiss, my need for him flaring up within me as it threatened to consume us both.

He laughed as he pulled away. "Plenty of time for that later. After my little surprise..."

My stomach knotted in excitement. Whatever his surprise was I couldn't wait to find out more. The words tripped from my tongue before I could stop them even though I had promised myself earlier that I wouldn't ask what he meant.

"Please, give me a hint?" I begged, looking up at him through lowered lashes.

David's chuckle was all male as he let his hands wander down my back to the curve of my ass. Gripping me tightly he pulled me up hard against his body. I whimpered as I felt him press against my stomach. I knew what lay beneath his clothes and the pleasures he could bring. I wanted to feel it, even if it meant him taking me now against the bonnet of his car.

He nibbled along my earlobe weakening my knees. "Did you know, Carrie, that patience is a virtue? I said 'later' and I'm the Master." He let me go suddenly but steadied me with his hand. My knees didn't want to support me and I had to place my hand on the car to hold myself upright. The alarm sounded, its squeal making me jump and David laugh. He held me tightly as he clicked the alarm off and wrapped his arm around my shoulder before walking me up to the lift. The door whooshed open and I was startled to come face to face with a tall man dressed completely in black. It dawned on me immediately that he was security.

"The apartment is clear." He addressed David who merely nodded in response.

David turned to me and kissed me softly. "I have to go finish up some business but I promise I will be back as fast as I can. Mike here will stay with you just in case. But I really won't be that long. You'll barely miss me and I hope you'll enjoy the surprise later."

I couldn't help but feel a little disappointed. I wanted David to stay with me. Although the guard standing at my back was obviously well trained. For some reason when I was with David I felt much safer.

"Do you have to? Couldn't it wait?" I tried to keep the petulant whiney tone from my voice but I was sure some of it crept in.

"I'm afraid not, my sweet. This needs to be done." He handed me a small cell phone. "If you need anything mine is the only number programmed in. Call me and I will come." He smiled at me before kissing me softly once more. "I do love you, Carrie. I've never loved anyone the way I love you."

My heart skipped a beat as he spoke and I leaned up on tiptoe to whisper against his ear. "I love you too. Hurry back to me."

He grinned and jogged across the parking lot to the car and climbed back into it. He squealed out of the parking garage and I watched him go. Turning to Mike, I smiled at him.

"Is there a car or will I get a cab?"

He looked startled before he answered. "Mr Ashcroft gave me the impression you were going up to his apartment?"

I shook my head. "No, there are one or two things I need to pick up from my own apartment."

He looked sceptical for a moment or two. "Fine, I'll get a cab and go myself. I won't be long and David won't even know I was gone."

"No, it's fine, we have a car." He pulled a radio from his pocket and spoke into it. He then gestured for me to join him in the elevator. "It'll pick us up outside the front door."

I beamed at him. "Thank you." The doors slid shut behind me as I stepped inside the elevator. It moved upwards and stopped on the ground floor. I followed Mike out into the foyer and then out through the double doors onto the street. The car stood idling at the curb and I climbed into the back and Mike followed.

The car moved away and wound down through the streets. Realising it was the driver who had taken me home before, I smiled and sat back. David would be furious if he found out I had gone to my own apartment but I wanted to pick up my mail and check my messages. My parents were going to be worried so I wanted to figure out what they were planning on saying before I called them again. I also needed some clothes.

David had said he had something special planned and I knew for a fact that I had no clothes at his apartment. Everything was still at his mother's house. And as good as he was, I couldn't imagine that he'd had the time to move them back to the city.

The car pulled up at the curb, jolting me out of my thoughts. I hopped out of the car without even thinking and skipped up the steps to the front door. Mike started to follow me.

"I'll only be a couple of minutes, you wait here." He hesitated and that was all the time I needed to slip inside the door and climb the stairs quickly. Fishing the spare key from its hiding place in the door frame, I popped the door open and entered the apartment.

I had only been gone a few days but already it had developed an empty feel. Making my way to the answering machine I pressed the play button. It beeped a few times before starting to play the messages stored. A sound in the hall had me moving back to the front door.

"Mike, I told you I would only be a few minutes." I spoke with an air of frustration. Being followed around was not something I would ever get used to.

I opened the door and froze.

"Hello, sweetness. Miss me?" Robert's words sent ice skittering down my spine. Images flashed into my mind of his hands around my throat as he tried to choke the life out of me. The way his hand had clamped across my mouth to keep me silent as I had lain helpless in the hospital bed. And what he had promised to do.

I turned with a strangled scream of panic and tried to escape in the apartment but there was nowhere to run-I was trapped. I thought of David's face. The sincerity in his voice as he had told me he loved me.

Pain blossomed across the back of my neck. I turned to see Robert lift the butt of the gun once more and screamed as he brought it down on the side of my cheek. Pain exploded in my head as I collapsed and the last thing I heard was his manic laughter as the darkness swallowed me up.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

My head ached and I tried not to vomit with the pain as slowly I opened my eyes. The light seemed far too bright and part of me hoped I was back in the hospital the way I had been when I had woken the first time.

"Wakey-wakey. It's almost show time. I was afraid you were going to sleep straight through and that would be no fun, now would it?" The sound of Robert's voice instantly made me realise I wasn't safe. Far from it.

I moaned and tried to sit up but my hands were frozen behind my back. I struggled for a few minutes until I realised that they were tied in place. I struggled some more but it only caused the pain in my head to worsen.

Robert's shoes came into view and he crouched beside me. "Dear me, we can't have you on your side like that. You'll miss the look on David's face when he stumbles in and finds me ready to blow your head off."

He tangled his hands into my hair and tugged me upright. I screamed around the gag in my mouth and my stomach roiled painfully. I was sure I was going to be sick. Once upright he grabbed my arm and tugged me to my feet. I went with him but the world spun in dizzying circles and I almost fell. He held me in place and shoved me back against the wall, his body pinning me in place.

His hair was a mess and the look in his eyes was entirely crazed. He had flipped over the edge completely since I had seen him last. He traced the barrel of the gun down along the side of my cheek as he stared into my eyes.

"I thought about trying to figure out what it is about you that David likes so much whilst you were unconscious but I figured you'd be more responsive awake."

Fear trembled inside me and I longed to scream to release some of the terror that was building up within me.

"Sssh, David is coming-we don't want to spoil the surprise by alerting him now, do we?"

I listened and could hear the sound of footsteps coming up the stairs. The door stood ajar and I began to struggle in Robert's grip. I didn't want David to walk in on this type of scene. If I could just get away from Robert maybe things would be different.

"Carrie? Couldn't you wait until tonight?" David's voice was filled with joy as he moved into the open doorway.

It was my one and only opportunity. Robert was watching the door with glee and I took my chance. I raised my knee and drove it up into his crotch. With a cry he doubled over and I pushed my weight against him, knocking him to the floor. Scrambling, I ran for the door but Robert was on his feet faster than I had anticipated.

"You bitch!"

"Carrie, look out!" I heard David's cry of fear as the gun cracked off.

Searing pain slammed into me and the force of it drove me to my knees before David. I collapsed and watched his face fill with murderous hatred as he caught sight of Robert. Pain tingled down along my arm and the sound of a scuffle had me trying to get back up. I turned in time to see Robert and David fall to the floor. The gun went off for a second time and I screamed.

Neither man moved for what felt like eternity. The sound of Robert moaning had my heart in my mouth. David couldn't be dead. Hurt was bad enough but I couldn't bear the thought of him dead and all because of my stupidity.

When he moved I let out a long, sobbing breath. Robert moved with him and I watched David push himself to his knees. He flung the gun across the room and Robert struggled to move after it. It was then I noticed the blood blossoming on Robert's trouser leg.

With one quick punch David sent Robert sprawling back to the ground and from there he didn't try to get up again.

David pulled his phone from his pocket as he scrambled to my side. There was a cut across his forehead and blood trickled down his cheek.

"Carrie, oh God, Carrie, are you alright?" He quickly untied my arms and I winced as he examined the wound up near my shoulder. It seemed the bullet had only grazed me and it was little more than a shallow cut that stung like crazy.

He pulled the gag from my mouth and kissed me hard and frenzied. "When I saw you go down in front of me... I thought..." He dragged me into his arms and hugged me to his chest.

"I didn't want him to win..." I muttered... "I wanted to live for you... For us..." He kissed me again as the sound of sirens filled the air. After the gun shots I could only imagine that my neighbours had also called the police.

"How did you know to come here?" I asked.

"You sent me a message from the phone I gave you telling me to meet you here... I came as soon as I had sorted my business..."

I winced as David helped me to my feet and my head spun. The feeling of wanting to vomit had passed and for that I was grateful. Officers burst into the apartment and were quickly directed to Robert who still lay unconscious on the floor. David and the ambulance crew insisted that I get checked out and reluctantly I agreed.

CHAPTER TWENTY

Sitting on the steps of the ambulance I waited for David to join me. He stood a few feet from me filling in the officers on what had happened. They had discovered Mike in the alley unconscious. It seemed Robert had taken no chances with anything.

David moved back over to my side and sat down next to me.

"I'm sorry the surprise for tonight is ruined," I told him. "I shouldn't have gone, I was so stupid. But I just wanted to go back to my own home and sort out my own business. I thought I could do it whilst you were sorting yours."

David took my hand in his. "It's fine, I understand. And the surprise isn't ruined. Well, not entirely..."

I stared at him as he kissed the palm of my hand softly. "Carrie, I know you said you wanted to go home but, well, I was kind of hoping you would agree to make a home with me... I'll understand if you don't want to move into my apartment. We can find someplace together, and really make it our own..."

My mouth dropped open in surprise. He wanted me to move in... He actually wanted to live with me... I had thought back to the night before and lying in bed with him. It had been pure bliss. The thought of always having that made me positively giddy.

"The other thing I wanted to give you is this..." He pulled a small box from his pocket and my heart dropped. It was far too soon for a ring. We hadn't spent enough time together and although I loved him I knew I would panic about his feelings for me. I needed more time.

Seeing the look on my face he started to laugh. "It's not an engagement ring if that is what you're worrying about."

I let out a sigh of relief that quickly caught in my throat as he opened the box and the platinum band with the most delicate rope design I had ever witnessed glittered up at me.

"It's an eternity ring. I'm not saying that the engagement ring won't come but I think after everything that has happened we both need some time to settle down together. But I want you to know that I'm giving my heart to you, Carrie, and it's for eternity. So I would be honoured if you'd wear this ring as a token of that gesture?"

Tears welled up in my eyes and spilled over and down my cheeks. Words failed me as I stared down at the stunning ring. The closer I looked the more I noticed the flecks of diamond that adorned each strand of the unbroken platinum rope.

"David, this is more than I ever expected..." My heart pounded in my throat as he removed the ring from the box and slid it up onto my finger. It fit perfectly, the diamonds catching the light and glittering on my finger.

"I love you..." They were the only words I could utter. I knew they were useless and didn't convey the depth of what I felt but it would have to do. I threw my arms around David's neck and kissed him hard in an attempt to put every ounce of my feeling and emotion across to him.

He pulled away from me and grinned. As far as I was concerned in that moment it was the most beautiful thing I could ever have witnessed. I turned to the paramedic with a huge grin plastered across my own face.

"Am I free to go now?"

He nodded and took the blood pressure cuff from my arm. Turning back to David my smile widened. "Take me home, Mr Ashcroft. Take me to our home, David." I reached up and touched his cheek softly. "My David, for eternity." He smiled back at me before sweeping me up into his arms and carrying me to the car. I squealed with joy and wrapped my arms tightly around his neck.

To promise a heart for eternity seemed like a long time but for me it wasn't half long enough.

