Chapter 1

The Present - Genevieve "Oh, you have got to be kidding me!" Genevieve's emerald green eyes flashed with anger before narrowing as she watched the sexy as sin NYPD officer Dane Porter stroll into her boutique. "What are you doing here?"

A smirk spread across Dane's lips at her question. "You called to report a break-in. I was the lucky one to be assigned to answer the call and take your information."

Genevieve didn't return his smile.

"Maybe I changed my mind." Flashes of her brief tryst with Dane in Las Vegas a couple of weeks prior sprang into her mind. He was a gorgeous man, she'd give him that, with blonde hair that was just a smidge too long to be considered short and rich blue eyes. It upset her that just seeing him standing before her, dressed in his officer's uniform made her remember - and long for - his touch.

Crossing his arms over his thick, muscular chest, he cocked a brow up at her, still amused.

"You changed your mind? So, there wasn't a break-in and you're wasting taxpayers' money by making false calls to 911? That's an offense, you realize; I could cuff you and take you in right now."

"Oh, I bet you'd like that, wouldn't you?"

I hate that you've seen me naked! And that I wanted you touching me then... Touching me now... She growled at herself and once again attempted to free herself of her unwelcomed thoughts.

Ignoring her, he reached into the inner pocket of his jacket, produced a pen and pad of paper, then stepped further into the boutique until he was standing before her and began looking around.

"What did they take?"

"Fine!" She gave him a little shove as she rushed past him and motioned for him to follow her to the broken glass cases which, up until that morning, held dozens of pre-loved authentic designer handbags. "This way."

She knew she shouldn't act like such a child with him. She was a twenty-five-year-old business owner. She should be acting mature, not behaving like a teenager with a broken heart.

But, dammit, she was upset with him and even more upset with herself. She wanted to just forget.

Oh please, he didn't force you into anything. You enjoyed every second of it, a voice at the back of her mind chimed in. Instead of making her see reason, the voice only infuriated her further - because it was right.

"Striking an officer in addition to false 911 calls. You could be in big trouble, Ginny."

"My name's Genevieve."

"You didn't mind me calling you Ginny in Vegas."

She spun around and shot another glare at him. "Very funny. There was a break-in." She motioned to the shattered glass of the empty cases. "They took all the handbags. The Birkins, Gucci, Louis Vuitton... They took it all. And they broke the glass of the counter and took all the jewelry and small leather goods. I bet they took well over two hundred thousand in goods."

She felt hot tears threatening to emerge and forced them back. She started with nothing and now much of her most expensive merchandise - three years of gathering and dealing - gone.

Sure she was insured, she could rebuild, even if all of her bestselling merchandise was gone, but it would take time. People looking to sell Birkin bags for below their value for resale didn't come along every day, even in New York.

The amusement faded from his expression as he began to write. "Do you have a list of what was stolen?"

"Yeah, let me check the computer." She made her way into the back office, assuming he'd follow her and not wanting to look him in the eye. If she looked him in the eye she might break down and then look to him for support. She might fall into his arms and the anger she was feeling would dissolve. If the anger was gone then she'd have to admit what they did was what she wanted, regardless of whether she'd admit it to herself or not.

As she sat down at her desk she booted up the computer. She heard his footsteps entering the small office, but didn't bother to look up.

"So they took stuff in the store, but not the computer?"

"My office was locked. They probably had enough without bothering to break down the office door."

"I see. That's possible. You don't have an alarm?"

"Of course I do." Her tone was sharper than intended, but she didn't care. Shrugging, she refused to look up at him. "Guess it didn't work."

"Uh-huh."

She lifted her gaze to lock with his, angered at his dismissive tone. "What? You think I'd just fake a break-in?"

Dane's jaw clenched as he thrust a hand through his hair, all humour lost from his eyes.

"Look Ginn- Genevieve, I understand we left things on a very bad note in Vegas, but I'm a cop and I have a job to do. I'm sorry if you were upset with what happened, but I'm trying to be friendly and help you here. Can you please work with me on this?"

Closing her eyes, Genevieve took a moment to steady her nerves, feeling slightly guilty at her reaction upon seeing him again. "I'm sorry. I'm frazzled and seeing you right now, just..."

The tension drained from him. "It's fine. I'll go check out the security system and see if I can figure out why the break-in didn't set it off, while you make me a list of stolen items."

She couldn't help but admire his broad shoulders and back as he turned and exited her office.

A mix of emotions raced through her seeing him again. Of the millions of people living in New York and the hundreds of cops what were the chances of her ever seeing Dane Porter again?

The remainder of the afternoon went by quickly. After Dane left she spent the afternoon and into the early evening cleaning up, dealing with the insurance company and calling all of her clients, hoping that they would have items they were willing to sell. She still had a store full of gowns and clothing from all the top designers, but the bestselling items were handbags, wallets and smaller items; the items that were stolen. Apparently, the thieves knew what was easiest to peddle as well. It sickened her that her precious Birkin bags might be sold on a street corner alongside dozens of cheap knockoffs.

Exhausted physically, mentally and emotionally she closed and locked her office door and made her way toward the front of the store. Halfway to the store entrance she heard the bell ring, signalling a customer. Apparently they hadn't seen the closed sign and she'd forgotten to lock the door.

Dammit!

"I'm sorry we're -" Her eyes focused on the person entering the shop and she could have sworn her heart stopped for a fraction of a second.

You have got to be shitting me, as if this day couldn't have gotten any worse!

Squaring her shoulders she glared at the person whose body was framed in the store entrance.

"What are you doing here?"

Three Weeks Ago - Genevieve "I'm sorry Genevieve, but I just can't go through with it," Alex Cane stated, looking more uncomfortable than Genevieve had ever seen him - though she supposed breaking up with her on their wedding day, while she stood before him in her wedding dress would make anyone uncomfortable. Even her slick, rising-star defense attorney fiance wasn't immune to the shame of the heinous way he was breaking up with her.

"Is there someone else?"

He shook his head, but she saw it in his eyes. There was.

"We've been together since high school, Ginny. Since we were seventeen."

"Exactly, eight years, Alex!" She wasn't sure what she felt more upset by, humiliation or anger. The emotions switched up every few seconds, but currently, it was anger winning out, causing her body to vibrate with the emotions.

He stepped forward and grasped her upper arms in his hands, but she stepped away from him, batting his hands away. She didn't want him near her, or touching her. Never again.

"It's better this happen now than getting a divorce in a year's time."

"So you chose our wedding day to decide this!"

"I wanted to make sure."

She shook her head. "You selfish asshole. How dare you!"

He sighed, taking a step back from her. "I'm sorry. I can... I'll go down and tell the guests the wedding is off."

Genevieve's emerald green eyes widened in alarm. Oh my God, the guests!

Everyone is downstairs. Waiting.

"Don't do me any favours!" she spat, venom in her tone. "Allow me." The anger within her increased as she pushed past him with so much force he stumbled backward a step, and out the door. She raced down the hallway and down the stairs heading toward the chapel, Alex in hot pursuit.

"Ginny, hold on. Wait!"

At the bottom of the staircase he caught up with her, grasping her arm and stopping her from proceeding into the chapel. "Let go of me Alex, or I swear to God!" Her hands fisted at her sides. She wanted to hit something... she wanted to hit him! But she didn't. She didn't want this day turning into more of a fiasco than it already was.

Seeing the rage in her eyes, Alex released her, allowing her to continue to the chapel. "I can do this," he protested from behind her. He was following, but at a safe distance.

She ignored him. She'd tell everyone herself. Knowing Alex, the weasel that he was, he'd somehow make it sound like breaking off the wedding was her idea. She refused to take any blame for this.

"Everybody," she called out to the half-full church. Not everyone had arrived yet, but there were close to two hundred of the three hundred guests invited already seated and mingling.

Every head turned toward her, their eyes questioning.

"Everyone. I have an announcement to make." She made her way to the altar and turned to face the crowd. The priest for the ceremony looked up from his notes, his brow furrowed, but said nothing. Their friends and family, all waiting, all shocked to see her in her wedding dress standing in front of them before the ceremony.

Alex lingered at the back, keeping his eyes averted. Coward.

"Everyone. Alex has informed me that after eight years together, he no longer wants to be with me." Gasps and murmurs erupted within the church. "Apparently he wants to explore other possibilities and has just recently made this decision.

And I guess our wedding day felt like the right time to inform me." The crowd's stares shifted from her to Alex, and back to her.

She was humiliated, but at the same time, she wanted him to feel part of this humiliation and by the redness in his face as he sulked at the back of the church, she was certain he got a small part of what he deserved.

Alex's mother leapt from her seat and she hurried over to her son; his father followed behind. A look of shame and disappointment was evident in both their expressions.

She looked to her own parents and her older brother. She could see her parents were still trying to digest the information, but her brother Brian had already processed it and by the look of fury in his dark eyes as he stood and began to make his way down the aisle toward Alex, she knew what he intended to do. He and Alex had been friends up until that moment, but Genevieve was his baby sister and he was nothing if not protective.

A part of her wanted to see Alex hurting, like she hurt, but not like this. Her wedding had already become a circus; she didn't want it to turn into a brawl in addition. Kicking off her shoes she raced barefoot down the aisle in pursuit of Brian, but she wasn't quick enough. Brian grabbed her former fiance by the front of the shirt, pushed him against the wall and slammed his fist into the other man's jaw.

Brian's hand pulled back a second time and his fist again made contact. Alex slumped against the wall, his knees buckling under him. Brian was about to hit him a third time when Genevieve grabbed his arm, stopping him.

"Don't Brian. Please."

Brian looked over his shoulder and caught her gaze, indecision filling his eyes.

"He's not worth it. Just take me home. Please." Genevieve held her breath, waiting.

Brian looked back at Alex, hesitated, and after what felt like an endless second released him. "Fine."

They both looked down at Alex, his nose and lip bleeding, cowering on the floor. His mother had begun fussing over him, but when she looked up and her eyes locked with Genevieve's there was only sympathy. Alex had such a wonderful family, they'd welcomed her into the fold and treated her as if she were their own. She was going to miss them and she was sure they would feel the same.

She and Alex had been and should be perfect together; this made no sense. But it was.

"He's not worth it anyhow," Brian growled, placing an arm around her waist and ushering her away "No, Brian, he's not."

Once they were out of ear and eyeshot of the onlookers, Brian stopped and pulled a handkerchief from his suit jacket pocket and passed it to her. "For what it's worth, you make a stunning bride, little sis."

Accepting the handkerchief, she took a deep breath in, and slowly released it, fighting back tears. No he's not worth it, she told herself . He doesn't deserve my tears. However, despite her efforts to keep back the tears, they had a mind of their own as they began to flow down her cheeks, smearing her perfectly applied make-

up along their trails. All she wanted to do was go home, get out of the blasted dress and try to forget Alex Cane ever existed.

Chapter 2

Two Weeks Ago - Genevieve Genevieve looked around as she entered the honeymoon suite. She was in Las Vegas a week after she was stood up on her wedding day. As it turned out, the hotel was prepaid and the price was non-refundable. They'd gotten an awesome deal with the non-refundable pre-purchase of the suite; it hadn't even crossed her mind there would be a reason to cancel when she booked it. The honeymoon had been scheduled a week after the wedding to take advantage of the awesome deal Alex had snagged them. So the choice was either go to Vegas and make use of the room or waste the fifteen thousand it cost to spend the week there. So she hopped the plane - alone - and now here she was.

"Thank you," she gave the bellhop a ten dollar bill as he placed her two suitcases inside the door of the room.

"Thank you ma'am." He gave her a friendly, sexy smile and pocketed the bill.

"Would there be anything else I can assist you with?"

Genevieve look a moment to look the handsome Latino man over. He was very good-looking and oozed charisma. He was one of those men who you spent a wild night of passion with and went home completely satisfied never to see or talk to again.

A part of her wished she was the kind of girl that did things like that. In truth, she didn't know what kind of girl she was without Alex in her life. Alex had been her first love and partner. Her only love and partner when it came right down to it.

Would he be better in bed then Alex? Her sex life with Alex was okay, not mind-blowing like what she read in erotica and romance novels, but she doubted sex was that explosive in real life anyhow. But as she continued to look at the bellhop she found herself interested in finding out.

"Ma'am?"

She gave her head a shake at her foolish ideas and gave him a tight smile.

"That's all. Thank you."

"If you need anything, you know where to find me."

She watched him leave and then went about inspecting the room. Champagne was sitting on the table in the kitchen, chilling on ice. As she wandered into the bedroom, she found rose petals scattered over the bedspread and a bouquet of roses and box of chocolates sitting next to it. She picked up the flowers, brought them up to her nose and inhaled deeply, taking in the sweet scent.

Her mind drifted back to the bellhop. Would it be so bad for her to indulge in a night with someone? God knows, it had been suggested to her by numerous friends before she left. But no. She wanted a connection with someone, needed a connection. Could sex even be satisfying without that loving bond established beforehand?

She huffed, disgusted at herself. Yeah, 'cause that worked out so well with Alex.

Maybe her friends had it right. No strings attached - just sex - taking pleasure in the strength and heat of a beautiful man you barely knew.

If only I were that type of girl...

Placing the flowers back next to the bed she went over to her suitcases and began rummaging through her clothing until she came to a beautiful, cream coloured Gucci dress. Stripping off her jeans and t-shirt she proceeded to change, slipping into the dress and spending the next half an hour primping until everything from her accessories to her make-up was perfect.

Once done she walked over to the mirror and examined herself. Her straight, black hair fell to the small of her back. It had a glossy shine that most women envied. She was about twenty-five pounds overweight, but it was in all the right places, giving her soft feminine curves. Her emerald green eyes were accented with rich black cat-eye make-up. She looked good, sexy. But instead of making her feel good, it only made her feel more confused. If Alex didn't want her because of the way she looked then what was it? What about her made him not want to be with her? She shook her head, grimacing; she hadn't a clue.

With a sigh, she gathered her golden Chanel double-flap handbag, stuffed her wallet and casino vouchers in it and exited the room. The casino gave her five hundred in casino money as part of the honeymoon package, so she figured she might as well use it while she decided on her next course of action.

~*~*~*~*~*~

~ Dane ~

Between poker hands, Dane Porter watched the raven-haired woman as she played the slot machines across from him. He'd been winning until she showed up, however, now he was losing virtually every hand. Disgusted with himself for allowing the vixen to distract him, he decided to give the cards a rest - for now.

His dick was taking over his mind and there wasn't much he could do about it -

except find a way to satisfy the urge she was provoking within him. And what better way than introducing himself?

Walking over to her, he leaned over her shoulder. "Anyone sitting here?" he motioned toward the seat next to her.

She paused with her hand on the lever, about to pull down and spin the wheels.

She looked from the vacant chair to him. Releasing the lever she spun her swivel chair around to face him, nibbling on her lower lip as her eyes did a more thorough inspection of him.

Not quite expecting her to be so brazen, Dane found himself slightly uncomfortable. "...But if it's taken..."

A smile formed on her lips, amusement in her stunning green eyes. "Is that what constitutes a pick-up line around here?"

He clucked his tongue off of the roof of his mouth and shrugged. "Not sure, I'm vacationing here from New York." He extended his hand to her. "Dane Porter."

Her face brightened at the mention of New York. "That so? I'm also from New York. What are the chances?"

He winked as he sat down next to her. "I think it's destiny."

She rolled her eyes at him. "Okay, that was just cheesy. I expect more from a New Yorker, you're disappointing me."

"Oh, come on! Give a guy a break here. I'm trying to get to know you." He shot another smile her way. Usually women swooned when he turned on the charm. It was evident she was going to be a little harder, but there was nothing he liked more than a little challenge.

Her expression softened. "I apologize." She extended her hand to him. "I'm Genevieve Fennel."

"Genevieve? What a beautiful name."

"You can call me Ginny."

"Staying here at the hotel?" He popped his member card into the machine, slipped in a fifty-dollar bill and waited for the credits displayed on the reader.

"I am. You?"

"I am. A suite on the top floor." He pulled the lever and the wheels began to spin. "So what brings you to Vegas?"

She shrugged. "I'm on my honeymoon."

He froze for a moment. Well, shit. His smile fell. He was really hoping she'd be available. He cleared his throat and pulled the lever again. "Well, congratulations."

"No need. It's a solo honeymoon."

His brow furrowed, confused. Solo honeymoon? He turned his attention back to her. "I don't follow." His eyes lowered to her left hand where a wedding ring should be, but her finger was barren of said ring and he noticed a faint white mark where a ring used to be.

"I was stood up at the altar and the reservations were non-refundable. Being that you're also staying in the suites you can imagine the amount of money that would go to waste if I didn't come." She shrugged, her smile turning rueful. "So here I am."

Dane was struck speechless for a moment. What do you say to a newly jilted bride-to-be? "I'm sorry to hear that." Yup, that was the best he could come up with.

She laughed softly. "Don't be. You had nothing to do with it. It was for the best."

"Were you with him long?"

"Eight years. High school sweethearts."

"Oh, ouch." He turned back to the slot machine, focusing on that a moment as he tried to decide on the best course of action. Stay and try to score, or let her go. It was a tough one.

He watched her out of the corner of his eye as they played, listing the pros and cons in his head. Pro, she was fucking hot. Stunning. And the ache in his groin was becoming a nuisance. Con, she's fresh out of a relationship. She could be vulnerable and maybe a little too needy for a one-nighter at this point. She was young, he guessed early twenties. If she was with her former fiance for eight years she may have only ever been with one man so she was virtually a virgin.

Dane clucked his tongue off the roof of his mouth. Was her being inexperienced a con? Nope, nope it wasn't. He switched that over to the pros list.

"What, is there something in my teeth or something?"

"Huh?" He was so engrossed in his mental list-making that he'd stopped playing completely and discovered he was staring at her.

"You're staring. I won't lie. It's kinda creepy." Despite her words, there was a twinkle in her eyes and a smile on her perfectly painted lips.

He could feel himself flushing. He wasn't one to get embarrassed easily, but being caught ogling her did it. Maybe because she didn't appear like the average girl he would go for. Looking at her, he could tell she had class. Everything from her poise, to her clothing and how perfectly made up she was screamed it. Nope, she wasn't the typical club hooch he had a tendency to gravitate to.

"Your ex must have been an idiot." He didn't mean to say the words, but seeing her smile widen and her cheeks turn an alluring shade of pink made him glad he did.

"Wanna hear something crazy?"

"Sure, I love crazy."

"He's a lawyer and it was with one of his co-workers. Cliche, huh?"

"Very. And the fact he's a lawyer just confirms my opinion that he's a douche."

"Not a fan of lawyers, huh?" She'd lost all interest in the machine in front of her and her complete attention was on him - just how he liked it.

"I'm a cop; it's in our nature to hate lawyers."

"He was a defense lawyer."

Dane groaned loudly, making a show out of his mock displeasure, pleased to see her giggling at his antics. "Those are the worst kinds. He did ya a solid."

The dark-haired beauty laughed. "You think?"

"I know."

~*~*~*~*~

~ Genevieve ~

"Splatterzone!" the ticket taker who was dressed up like some sort of zombie-

demon cried out, waving their tickets in the air.

Genevieve frowned as she looked down at her cream-coloured dress and Chanel handbag. Splatterzone didn't sound very good to her. "What's the Splatterzone?"

she asked.

"You're going to get fucked up," the zombie-demon man explained. "Here's your t-shirt. And go over there and smile or scream or whatever for the camera for your before pictures."

What the fuck? She looked up nervously at Dane, who merely grinned as they stood in front of a wall featuring the cast of The Evil Dead Musical.

"Don't forget to look scared!" a demon behind the camera instructed.

She didn't have to try to act scared, she was scared - terrified. Her Chanel purse retailed for close to five thousand dollars. Dane wrapped his arm around her shoulders and pulled her tight, leaning into her as the camera flashed.

"Come with me and I'd suggest putting your t-shirts on otherwise your clothes is goin' ta get fucked up," a female zombie-demon said.

"Yeah, the first zombie mentioned that," she muttered, pulling the t-shirt over her head. Luckily it fell to her mid-thigh, covering her purse as well as most of her dress. Thank God for small miracles.

How did I get myself roped into this? She looked to her left, caught Dane's eyes and smiled. My hormones, that's how. Guess this is what happens when you have a fiance who has more sex than you.

After an hour of small talk while losing their money at the slot machines, Dane announced he had a brilliant idea for a fun evening out. Now here they were, at The Evil Dead Musical being seated in the first row center by a female zombie-

demon, preparing to be "fucked up."

"Just so you know, please turn off and put away all cell phones," the zombie-

demon usher stated, motioning to their seats.

"Or they'll get fucked up?" Genevieve offered, giving her a half-grin.

The zombie-demon grinned, or at least grinned as well as the prosthetic

covering her face would allow. "That's right. We consider those glowing screens targets."

"For what?" Her grin faded.

Not answering, the zombie-demon turned and skipped off.

"What are they going to do to us, Dane?" Genevieve crossed one leg over the other and squirmed in her chair, attempting to get comfortable and finding she was squirming closer to Dane, until her body was pressed against his.

"Don't worry, it's not scary. It's all in good fun." Dane slid his arm around the back of the chair, allowing her to get even closer. She took the invitation, drawn in by the warmth of his body and the spicy smell of his cologne that carried citrus undertones. It smelled good - really good. The urge to bury her face in the crook of his neck and shoulder and bask in the smell was nearly undeniable.

"Scary I can handle."

"Oh, you mean the Splatterzone thing."

She nodded.

He chuckled. "It's just fruit juice. It won't stain or anything. At least I don't think it will." He looked down at her legs, noticing the beige hem of her dress. "Oh shit. I never thought about your dress. So sorry. I'm pretty sure it'll come out."

Her eyes widened, making him laugh a little harder.

"I'm very sure it'll come out. If it doesn't I'll owe you a dress." His hand around her arm grasped her shoulder and gently squeezed it, attempting to reassure her.

He was charming, she'd give him that. Charming and oh-my-God sexy. She didn't bother to hide her examination of him. She had no doubt he was a NY cop.

The black button-down shirt hugged his lean, muscular torso. Someone didn't get a body like his without being a physical person.

Alex was naturally lean, but not all that muscular; he always said he was too busy to work out. And she figured that with the few extra pounds on her, who was she to criticize? He was still a good-looking man, but he didn't ooze sexuality like the man sitting next to her did. And he certainly couldn't cause a stirring between her legs with a simple look, like Dane seemed to be able to. It was at that moment that she came to a conclusion: Sex with Alex had been mediocre. Sex with Dane would be mind-blowing - an experience unlike anything she'd ever experienced before. Her body's reaction just being near him confirmed it.

"Welcome everybody!" Her ponderings were interrupted by the sound of a fourth zombie-demon as he raced down the aisle to the left of her and leapt onto the stage. "There's a few rules we have to go through before we start the show."

She glanced up at Dane, shared a smile with him and then refocused her attention back to the stage.

"So, if you have a cell phone put it away or -" He pointed toward Genevieve, who gave him a deer in the headlights look until she realized there were several hundred people awaiting her reply.

"You'll get fucked up?"

"Exactly! You'll get fucked up!" The zombie-demon jumped up and down a couple of times and then refocused his attention to the crowd. "No photography. If you pull out a camera it'll -" Again, he pointed to her to provide the information.

"It'll get fucked up," she provided with a little more zest than the first time. The energy of the zombie-demon was contagious, riling up the crowd.

"And if you get up during the performance you'll -"

He didn't even have to point to her this time for her to provide the information.

"You'll get fucked up!" Laughing, Genevieve thrust her fist in the air, accenting her point.

Hearing Dane laughing, she looked up at him and caught his gaze. Their eyes locked a moment and she felt an electricity flowing between them.

"You'll get fucked up!" he confirmed. "Now, time for the show!" He leapt from the stage as the lights began to lower.

Chapter 3

~ Genevieve ~

"Oh my God, that was insane!" Genevieve looked down at herself and gave her head a shake in disbelief as they exited the theatre and stepped onto the sidewalk of the strip. The t-shirt she was wearing was saturated with cherry fruit juice, and the smell was almost overwhelming. She attempted to run a hand through her hair, but her once silky locks were now wet and sticky.

"So you liked it?" He took her hand and they began to stroll down the strip, heading in the direction of their hotel.

Genevieve looked up at Dane, his blonde hair in various shades of red and pink and pink streaks running down his face. A bout of laughter overtook her.

"What?" He grinned.

She bit down on her lower lip to stop the laughter. "You look ridiculous."

He winced, feigning hurt by her insult. "That stings a little. And here I was thinking you looked absolutely adorable."

She began walking backward, pulling him along with her. "I seriously doubt that. And to clarify, your look is a ridiculous cute."

He narrowed his eyes at her as he began to walk forward, being her eyes to keep her from bumping into someone. "I didn't think there was such a thing. Cute and ridiculous just don't go together."

"Why can't they go together?"

"Because they can't. Either you're cute or you're ridiculous."

A smirk emerged on her lips as she eyed him. "So you want me to drop cute then?"

A low growl emerged from him as he stopped walking forward and pulled her into his arms. His arms were thick and powerful as they wrapped around her, drawing her in. The night had grown cool and the feel of his hard warm body against hers felt amazing. She slipped her arms around his neck and pressed her body flush against him, attempting to get closer to his warmth.

The cologne that had teased her nose while in the casino playing the slots was now overpowered by the cherry smell. And he was... sticky. Another bout of laughter erupted from her. She suspected this was supposed to be a romantic first kiss moment, but she couldn't help her reaction. His neck, his shoulders, every exposed inch of him was sticky.

"Not the reaction I usually get from women when I'm trying to make a move on them."

She bit down on her lip attempting to halt the giggling. "I'm sorry." Leaning into him she flicked her tongue along the side of his neck, tasting the cherry. His body stiffened against her. "You're really tasty, though." She went in for another teasing nip, running her lips along the side of his neck.

He inhaled sharply and a low growl-like moan escaped him, as his hands pulled her so tight it left her winded. His tight grip loosened, but not before she felt a bulge beginning to form against her belly.

When she pulled back from him the heat in his eyes as she met his gaze caused a yearning between her legs. It both scared and excited her. One man, she'd only been with one in her life; could she possibly give in to her desires to this virtual stranger?

Another thought occurred to her. What if the reason there weren't fireworks between her and Alex was because she wasn't very good in bed? What if the reason he broke it off was because he realized that and wanted to be with someone else who could satisfy him?

~*~*~*~*~

~ Dane ~

Dane watched Genevieve's mood switch from playful and teasing to indecisive as she slipped from his arms. It threw him off, making him wonder what he did to change her mood. He liked her, she was more than just beautiful; she had a spark about her that drew him in - or had until that moment.

"What's the matter?"

Maybe I'm just coming on too strong. As much as he wanted to take her back to his room tonight, he could tell she wasn't the type. She was too refined. He'd planned on treating it as a challenge, but now, now he just wanted to get to know her. Even if that meant jacking himself off tonight instead of what had originally come to his mind.

Her cheeks took on an alluring glow as she lowered her eyes to peer down at the sidewalk between their feet. "Nothing. I'm fine."

"You don't look fine." Hooking his finger under her chin, he lifted her heart-

shaped face up so her eyes met his again. "Come on, talk to me."

She opened her mouth as if she were going to answer and then snapped it shut again, giving her head a shake. "It's nothing." She reached up and it looked like she was going to place a kiss on his lips, but seemed to think twice at the last second and her lips landed on his cheek. "I'm having a good time. Just something came to mind."

Giving him a smile, she tugged his hand, urging him forward.

Don't push her Dane. Don't do it, a voice in the back of his mind warned. He ignored it. "Does this have something to do with your ex? You're not over him or something?"

She laughed, but the laugh sounded hollow. "No. No, I'm over him. I'm not mourning the loss of the relationship if that's what you're getting at."

"Then, tell me. What's going on?" The night had been going so damned well.

She'd been laughing, despite being covered in juice, and having a great time. He could feel the energy between them, they were like two poles being drawn together. And he wouldn't lie, he was desperate to have her naked and under him, moaning his name as she came for him.

She stopped walking and tugged at his hand so he'd also stop.

"Ginny?" He spun to face her, his brow furrowed. "I would like to know. Are you okay?" Their eyes locked and the anxiety slowly faded from her eyes to be replaced by a look of determination.

"Perfect." She stepped up to him and into his arms. He hesitated a moment, taken aback by her sudden brazen move, but quickly gathered her into his arms.

She rubbed up against him, the movement enticing his shaft, causing it to swell.

"Good. I -" His words were cut off as her lips brushed across his. He could taste the cherry juice on her lips and had to agree, it tasted pretty good - sweet. She sighed against his lips as the kiss deepened.

His hand slid up her back to her cheek and then to her hair. The initial plan was to run his fingers through her hair, but the stickiness of the juice wasn't allowing for it. Instead he ended up pulling, yanking on the strands as he attempted to dislodge his fingers. She yelped against his lips, but didn't pull away.

Smooth Dane, smooth. He was beginning to feel like a bumbling teenager, for dozens of pedestrians walking past them to see. Getting the feeling they were being watched, Dane reluctantly ended the kiss and pulled away from her. Looking to his right he came eye to eye with a homeless man, who was eating a slice of pizza and eyeing them with an intense interest.

"Can ya spare a buck brotha'?"

Great, cockblocked by a homeless guy and fruit juice. Nice. He had an intense dislike for homeless people. It seemed a good chunk of his time when out on patrol on the streets of New York consisted of dealing with calls involving homeless people causing disturbances. That time could have been used to solve real crimes.

It made him extremely bitter.

Genevieve's eyes lowered to her purse.

"Don't condone it." Not giving her a chance to give the man a penny he took her hand and pulled her along behind him. There was a slight hesitation, but she followed along. He imagined she was thinking he was some heartless asshole right now, but he didn't care.

"But -"

"See those entertainers?" He motioned to a couple dressed as Mickey and Minnie Mouse posing with a little girl for a picture, with a tip jar sitting in front of them. "If you want to give someone money, give it to them."

"But what about the other guy?"

"You mean the perv that I bet was hard watching us kiss?"

"He wasn't the only one that was hard." A saucy smirk touched her lips.

Dammit, he wanted to kiss those lips again.

"That was a cheeky comment." Chuckling, he looked down at her and cocked a brow. She met his gaze, refusing to look away, despite her cheeks reddening. Was she trying to prove something to him - or to herself? Maybe both.

She pulled her lower lip between her teeth, but the wicked gleam remained in her eyes. His gaze lowered to her lips and the urge to stop, pull her down an alley and kiss her again without prying eyes was almost too strong to deny. Had it not been for the fact their hotel was less than five minutes away he may have.

He quickened his pace. The hotel was becoming a beacon. He was still unsure of where things were going tonight, but he wanted to be away from the prying eyes of homeless people, other tourists and costumed Mickeys so he could find out. Not that he was shy about putting on a show, he'd put on a number of them over the years, but suspected she hadn't.

The ache in his jeans insisted he take it all the way tonight, but his conscience told him not to push her. She claimed she was over her ex, but he couldn't be so sure. To him rebound sex or taking advantage of someone who was emotionally vulnerable was about a step above forcing himself on her.

"Wanna slow down there Marathon Man?"

It was his turn to feel the heat creeping up his neck and to his face upon realizing that in his haste to get her to the hotel he was practically dragging her down the sidewalk. Beside him she was panting softly, increasing his guilt.

"These heels aren't made for power walking." She kicked her left foot up to give him a better view of the black shoe with a steel spiked heel.

How in the hell do women walk in those? He certainly saw the appeal. Her legs looked incredible in them; the muscle in the back of her calf took on a sexy heart shape - although he suspected her legs would look good regardless of whether she was wearing them or not.

"I'm sorry, you..." He noticed her body tremble in a shiver and breathed a sigh of relief at finding an excuse that didn't make him appear like an overzealous adolescent. "... look like you're about to catch your death from the cold."

The look she gave him said she seriously doubted that was the real reason for his haste.

Dane groaned inwardly. Yep, get out the hand lotion ladies and gentlemen, Dane Porter will be cumming alone tonight.

Chapter 4

~ Genevieve ~

It felt like her heart was about to explode through her chest, it was beating so quickly. The elevator was whizzing up the shaft and was seconds away from arriving on the 25th floor, where their rooms were located. She was still unsure of what to do when they arrived at their rooms.

She wanted him. There was no doubt in her mind over that, but she was still a little paranoid that maybe it was her fault the sex with Alex was mediocre. And what happened after the deed was done? Did she say thanks, get dressed and leave? Or did he expect her to stay the entire night, their limbs entwined in the embrace of lovers? She just didn't know.

Who am I kidding, I'm not a one-night stand girl. Shit. It took me over a year just to give myself to Alex; fucking some man after only knowing him a few hours just isn't my thing.

Who would it hurt, really, a voice in the back of her mind questioned. One night of passion with a gorgeous, sexy man making you feel things you've never felt before. Maybe you'll discover it was never you. You won't know until you take the plunge.

But what if it was? She doubted her already currently fragile ego could handle that realization.

The elevator dinged and the doors slid open revealing an empty corridor. Sliding an arm over her shoulders, Dane urged her out of the elevator and into the hallway. She trembled at his touch, but unlike out on the sidewalk her trembling came out of anticipation.

"Shit. You're still cold?" His arm around her shoulder tightened as he pulled her closer to his warmth. "Going to have to get you out of those clothes. We should have grabbed a cab. I'm sorry, Ginny."

Slipping her arm around his waist, she cuddled tight to him. The muscles of his back felt amazing under the fabric of his shirt. She imagined his body was magnificent under the layers of clothing and craved to find out.

"This is much better." She looked up and caught his gaze. "But perhaps getting out of these clothes and having a long warm shower would be a good idea."

She watched as his jaw clenched and heat flared up in his eyes. Her grip on his shirt tightened and she rubbed herself against his side, allowing her body to take over her actions.

Don't think, just feel, she coached herself.

They stopped walking and Dane looked over her shoulder to the door they stopped in front of, room 25-205. "This is me."

She jerked her head toward the other end of the hallway. "I'm down there."

Dane placed his palm to her cheek and ran his thumb across her lower lip. "It's late."

"It is." Not able or wanting to resist her urges any longer she took his thumb into her mouth.

She nipped lightly before slowly sucking it in.

Dane's eyes closed and he groaned softly as he spun her around and pressed her back against his door. "We could go to your suite... if you want." His voice was low and gravelly. He sounded like he was straining to hold back and God, she wanted to be the one to break him - but not in her room. Not with the champagne and roses and rose petals meant for her and another man. She didn't want any feelings toward Alex - good or bad - interfering with the pleasure she was determined to feel tonight at the hands of such a beautiful man.

Dane slid his thumb from her mouth and quickly replaced it with his lips. They came crashing down on hers as he pressed his body against hers, securing her against the wall. The bulge in his pants expanded rapidly as he pressed against her.

Moaning against his lips as his tongue sought out hers, her arousal went from simmering to explosive in seconds. The ache between her legs intensified, needing the relief that only his rock hard arousal rubbing against her could provide.

He groaned as he pulled away from her and looked down the hallway with urgency. "Which one is yours?"

"Why go to mine when your room is right behind me?" She brushed her lips along the side of his neck, and was rewarded by another low grumble from him. The last thing she wanted was to have to explain why she didn't want to go to her room.

He hesitated and then nodded. Reaching into his inner pocket, he pulled out his card key and inserted it into the reader. The door beeped and they were in. Genevieve tossed her purse onto the floor, while she kicked off her heels, not caring where any of it landed.

"We need a shower." Dane pulled the Evil Dead t-shirt up and over his head, tossing it to the floor, along with the button-down shirt underneath, a couple of buttons breaking off in his haste.

Lifting her hands above her head she waited for him to remove her t-shirt and took the opportunity to admire the hard lines of his chest and abdominals. He was indeed beautiful, like he'd stepped out of the pages of a magazine. He grabbed the hem of her shirt and tugged it up and off, tossing it to the floor with his.

"Oh no... Shit, I'm sorry, Ginny."

She lowered her arms and followed his eyes to her chest. The cream-coloured dress was stained with red and pink blotches.

"No big deal." Grabbing him by his front belt loop she began pulling him into the main room.

"Where's the shower?" She glanced around the main room, not really interested in the spectacular decor. There would be time to explore the room later.

He hesitated. "Are you sure?"

She redirected her attention back to him. "About? The dress will be fine." She doubted it, but wasn't about to ruin the mood over a stained dress, regardless of the price or designer.

"Tonight. Normally I'd be all for this, but I'm -"

"Don't be." She stepped up to him and placed her palms flat on his chest. The muscles flexed as her fingers traced the sharp contours. "If you didn't notice already, I'm kinda into the idea."

She lifted her eyes from his chest to meet his heated stare.

He began to walk her backward and to the left. "I just don't want to take advantage.

Considering... " Leaning down, he nipped at the side of her neck. Letting her head fall to the side, Genevieve sighed, her nails digging into his shoulders.

"Don't be."

He lifted his head and in one swift motion, he bent, slipped a hand under her legs and shoulders and hoisted her into his arms, holding her tight to his naked chest.

She giggled, wrapping her arms around his neck as he carried her across the room and into the bathroom, which was decorated in black, white and shades of grey. The black shower stall was large enough to comfortably fit a half-dozen people, with an array of gadgets inside the stall.

It felt good to be secure in his arms being carried as if she weighed nothing more than a feather. It made her feel secure and protected. She was surprised at how good that feeling felt. It was a feeling she never really experienced with Alex.

Dane slowly placed her back onto her feet. Holding her close to his chest, he reached into the shower and turned it on, adjusting the temperature until he was satisfied. Straightening up and taking a step away from her, Dane's eyes took their time to scan the length of her body.

"I think we should be getting you out of this dress." A sexy smile emerged on his lips as he stepped to her again, reached behind her and slowly unzipped the back of her dress, keeping his eyes locked to hers.

Another bout of nervousness hit her, mixing with her desire, making her tremble. Her nervousness increased as the fabric at her back parted and the bodice of her dress loosened and then fell away from her breasts.

He stepped a little closer, his lips grazing the side of her neck as he finished undoing the zip on her dress. She moaned, closing her eyes and letting her head fall back. Slipping the straps of the dress from her shoulders, the garment fell down her body to puddle at her feet.

"You're beautiful Genevieve. Truly stunning." His lips made their way along her jaw to her mouth. The sound of sincerity in his voice shocked her and she opened her eyes to see raw desire in his.

With shaking hands she reached for his belt buckle, pulling it loose while praying he wouldn't see how anxious she was. Neither spoke as she undid his pants, hooked her thumbs into the waistband of both his pants and briefs and gave them a tug. The garments slid down his powerful thighs to the floor, exposing his thick length to her.

She licked at her lower lip as she looked down. He was large. Much larger than she'd become accustomed to and slightly intimidating. She felt like a damned virgin again.

Dane hooked his finger under her chin and lifted her face so her eyes met his. He lowered his mouth to hers while undoing her bra, letting it fall down to the floor and ridding her of her panties, leaving her completely exposed to him.

He pulled her tight to him, his rock hard shaft pressing against her bare stomach. Opening the shower stall door, he backed her up until the warm water beat down onto her back. As the water began to beat down upon their heads and bodies, it turned pink, taking with it the sticky juice and filling the stall with its fruity smell.

Dane reached over her shoulder and squirted a dollop of shampoo into his palm and then spun her around so her back was to his chest, with his cock prodding at her bottom. It was distracting and Genevieve couldn't stop her body from rubbing back against him, tempting his rod. His sharp intake of breath from her rubbing against him made her smile; at least she wasn't the only one fighting to keep control.

"I'm not going to be able to get this juice out of your hair if you keep teasing, baby." His hands began to massage the shampoo into her hair.

"Sorry."

She wasn't.

It felt incredible; he seemed to know just the right amount of pressure to soothe her nervousness and increase her arousal. She never imagined having a man shampoo her hair could be so arousing, but then again the feel of his cock pressing against her bottom was adding greatly to her need for him.

"I don't think you are." His lips were once more teasing her neck.

Closing her eyes she laid her head against his chest and savoured the waves of pleasure he was sending through her. She heard a soft squirting sound and then came the feel of a washcloth on her stomach. Lifting her hands over her head, she locked her hands behind his neck, stretching up and back against him, granting him unrestricted access to explore her body with the sudsy cloth.

~*~*~*~*~

~ Dane ~

Taking things slow was becoming excruciatingly hard. All he needed to do was bend her forward and her beautiful pink pussy would be exposed for him to take. It was taking every ounce of strength within him to keep from doing just that. If Genevieve were some random woman he'd picked up at a bar that's exactly how this scenario would go down. Either that or he'd have her on her knees worshipping his member with her mouth.

But he sensed her vulnerability and inexperience. And a part of him wanted to savour this first experience with her. He usually never planned for a second time, but he knew there would be with her. Hoped anyhow.

Dane slid the washcloth up her body until he reached her collarbone and then began to work his way down. His caress of her breasts through the cloth rewarded him with a soft whimper. Her nipples hardened to tight peaks as the coarse cloth caressed first one then the other.

"Oh, God. Ummm." Genevieve lowered one hand from his neck and reached behind her grasping his cock. Just the feel of her small, soft hand caressing him was putting him on edge.

He moved the cloth lower, slowly over her stomach scrubbing in tight, soft circles. Her body moved and bucked against his hand and washcloth. Her soft moans became louder the closer he got to the apex between her legs. He paused as his hand and cloth reached her mound.

"Please!" Her voice was a soft, seductive whisper and all the urging he needed. He dropped the cloth to the shower floor and cupped her mound. Her hand tightened on his shaft and she began to stroke him harder, faster, milking his cock with expert ease that he didn't think she had in her.

"Oh fuck, Ginny. You're driving me wild." He parted her sweet, soft folds and swept two fingers along her slit, pausing at her clit and swirling his index finger around it until she was moaning so loudly he was sure the people in the adjacent suite could hear her. The idea only turned him on more.

Her hand moved faster on him, as he dipped two fingers into her needy core. She was so damned tight, it made him wonder if she even had sex with her fiance. The muscles in her pussy clenched around his intruding fingers. Oh how good it would feel around his dick.

Genevieve's hand was like heaven wrapped around him. If she kept it up he'd be putty in her hands, embarrassing himself and disappointing her. Certainly not what he had envisioned for the night with her.

He brushed his lips along the side of her swanlike neck until he reached her ear. "Turn around."

~*~*~*~*~

~ Genevieve ~

"Turn around," his deep voice flowed over her like honey and her body quivered.

When he removed his fingers from her, she whimpered her protest. She was coming close and she knew by the way his cock had swollen and throbbed in her hand that he was as well.

Why was he stopping it?

"Oh Dane. Why?" She turned in his arms and just as the question came from her lips, she was hoisted onto his hips, carried to the corner of the stall and seated on the narrow ledge.

He slipped a hand into her locks and grasped the back of her head as his lips came crashing down onto hers. His lips and tongue demanded her submission and she happily gave in to him, enjoying the taste of beer on his lips.

"I need to taste you," Dane groaned, removing his lips from hers and beginning to trail a string of kisses down the side of her neck and along her collarbone.

Her nails dug into his shoulders as his head dipped down and his mouth captured her left nipple, while his hand palmed her other breast. His tongue swirled her nipple and then nipped gently, sending a jolt of pleasure through her to intensify the throbbing between her legs.

"Oh fuck, I need you! Please!"

She grasped his dick and began pumping him, hoping to entice him to relieve the growing hunger within her. He groaned, releasing her nipple and looking up to meet her gaze. His blue eyes had a feral hunger within them, so intense she nearly came just from the look.

"You're incredible Ginny. Damn, so incredible!" He dropped to his knees between her legs.

Realizing what he intended to do, she attempted to close her legs. When he looked up at her with questions in his eyes she couldn't meet his gaze. He rose to his feet and grasped her chin in his hand, forcing her to look at him.

"What's wrong?"

God, this is embarrassing! How can I tell him? She took in a deep breath and slowly released it.

"I've. I mean. I never..."

"You've never what?"

"Never had anyone do that before."

His mouth slowly began to drop, his eyes taking on a look of disbelief. "Never?"

She shook her head. "Alex didn't like -"

A low growl erupted from the back of his throat as he cut her off with his kiss on hers. "The man was a fucking idiot. It's time to show you what you've been missing."

Genevieve gripped his shoulder as he crouched back down and forced her legs wide, exposing her fully to him. His lips began at her knee and slowly made their way along her inner thigh toward the apex between her legs. The wait for his lips to reach their destination was true agony.

"Oh dammit Dane. Please, please please!"

His hand cupped her mound and gently massaged her. She squirmed against his hand. His fingers, his tongue, his cock; she didn't care which he used, but she needed to be filled by him any way he was willing to give it to her.

"Your begging sounds so good, baby." He lifted his eyes to meet hers and a tremor rocked through her body at the intensity of his stare.

"Please." The ache between her legs was making her desperate, she'd do anything to find the relief her body needed.

"Tell me what you want. Say it."

"I want you to..." She swallowed down the lump forming in her throat; why couldn't she say it? Maybe because she'd never been asked to. Because Alex fucked her the way he wanted to without much regard to what she liked and wanted.

"Tell me. I'll give you anything you want."

"I want your mouth on me. I want you fucking me with your tongue."

A grin spread across his lips, satisfaction in his eyes. "Good girl." He spread her pussy lips and ran his tongue along the length of her slit.

"Oh my God!" Her fingernails dug into the tight muscles of his shoulder blades as he ran his tongue along the length of her a second time. Oh, it felt so good. Who'd have thought his tongue could feel so amazing?

She wanted to let her head fall back and enjoy the sensations, but watching him was too arousing. It was no wonder men loved seeing women between their legs, it was so fucking erotic

that it was almost making her cum just watching and his tongue hadn't even entered her yet.

He ran his tongue along her a third time, flicking her swollen nub with the tip until she cried out and bucked against his mouth.

"Please, please, please. I need it. I need it so bad," she cried out.

"Yes ma'am." He probed at her entrance with the tip of his tongue, barely breaching her.

"Damn, you taste amazing," he murmured before thrusting his tongue fully into her.

She cried out, bucking wildly against his mouth, thankful his rock hard body was keeping her secure on the ledge. Her left hand left his shoulder to bury itself in his hair, pressing his mouth tighter to her.

"Close, so close." Her entire body was trembling, as it prepared for release. Closing her eyes she allowed her head to fall back against the cool wet tile behind her and savour the sensations his skilled tongue was provoking within her.

He added the torment of his thumb, stroking her clit to the delicious torture of his tongue and it became her undoing. She cried out loudly as her body trembled, her pussy tightened around his intruding tongue and then released with a gush of her juices. But he wasn't done with her. He continued his torment, making her body erupt over him twice more, before allowing her the luxury of coming down from her high.

She was panting hard, her chest heaving as Dane rose to his feet to stand before her. Opening her eyes she stared up at him and her breath caught in her throat at the intensity of his stare. He wasn't done with her, not by a long shot.

Chapter 5

~ Genevieve ~

Genevieve awoke with a huge smile on her face for a couple of reasons. First, she now realized the sex hadn't been mediocre with Alex, it had been horrible. And second, it had nothing to do with her inexperience and everything with his lack of creativity and passion in bed. They simply hadn't been right for each other and she realized he'd done her a huge favour leaving her before the wedding. To quote Dane, he'd done her a solid.

"Dane," she murmured his name as she reached beside her in bed, but came up empty.

Rubbing her eyes she sat up and looked around the room, coming up empty. She glanced at the alarm clock beside her - it read 2:30pm.

Damn. She would have been shocked to see how late in the afternoon it was had they not spent well into the night taking and receiving pleasure from each other.

She was tempted to go back to sleep, but the sound of movement in the next room made her change her mind. Wasn't one of men's favourite things a spontaneous blow job? Her smile widened. Considering what he'd made her feel the previous night - over and over, and in several rooms of the suite - she figured it was the least she could do.

Sliding from the bed, she raised her hands high above her head and stretched. The pull of her muscles felt divine, helping to wake her from her sleepy state. She made her way across the bedroom when it occurred to her she may have morning breath. Turning back, she scurried across the room and into the room's private bathroom to give her teeth a quick brush and freshen up.

Once she was satisfied she was refreshed and presentable, she padded her way across the bedroom and to the closed door. She was tempted to toss on his t-shirt over her naked body, but dismissed the idea. She didn't feel the shy awkwardness she was scared of feeling being in front of him naked the previous night. She felt confident and secure with herself again and it felt damned good. Maybe there was something with these one-night stands?

Opening the door, she wandered into the main room to come up empty. She found him in the kitchen. He was leaned over the counter, his back to her, his laptop open and reading something on the small glowing screen. He was wearing grey jogging pants that hung low on his hips, but his torso was bare. The muscles in his back flexed as he shifted position. He was beautiful. How she got so lucky to catch the eye of a man like him she didn't know, but she sure as hell wasn't going to question it.

"Afternoon." She crossed the room as he turned in the direction of her voice.

A peculiar expression crossed his handsome features as he spotted her. "Afternoon."

Reaching him, she pressed her palm to his cheek and raised herself onto her tiptoes, claiming his lips with hers. He was hesitant to respond, but her lips were insistent, her tongue tracing his lower lips, taunting him, urging him to respond.

She pressed her body flush against him, her naked breasts crushing against his vast expanse of his chest. The contact seemed to be what he needed to spur into action. His hands wrapped around her waist and pulled her groin tight to his. She moaned against his lips as his cock rapidly expanded against her stomach.

Hooking her thumbs into the waistband of his bottoms, she gave them a quick tug and pulled them down over his hips and let them drop to the floor. His kiss felt different this afternoon, more hesitant and reserved. She pulled her lips from his to look up into his eyes - they burned with the fire she remembered from the previous evening. The heated look he was giving her caused a stirring between her legs and a yearning to have him fill her again.

"As soon as I woke up all I could think about was sucking your beautiful cock." She couldn't believe the words that were coming from her mouth, but he'd brought out something wild within her last night that she didn't want to give up, not yet anyhow.

"Ummm. Listen, I -" She covered his lips with hers once more, cutting him off. This time he kissed her back, the hesitation in his kiss gone as their tongues dueled.

"Don't talk. It's my turn to make you feel good." She kept her eyes locked to his blue depths as she slid to her knees before him.

"But -"

She took his erection in her hand and he groaned his pleasure at her touch as she began to stroke him.

"Listen. I just -"

Ignoring him, she lowered her lips to the tip of his shaft and circled around the circumference. He gripped the edge of the countertop, hissing the word "fuck" through gritted teeth. Smiling, she cupped his balls in her hand and ran the tip of her tongue along the left side of him and then back up the right. By the time she reached the tip again, a small pebble of pre-cum had formed there. Her tongue lashed at the pre-cum before she took the head into her mouth.

Gently massaging his balls, she began to moving up and down on him, her tongue swirling around him as she moved. He was a little too large to be able to take into her mouth fully so she used her free hand to move in union with her mouth, covering him completely.

He began to lightly buck against her mouth, as he groaned again. "But... ah shit, that feels good."

She smiled and moaned softly, sending vibrations through him as she doubled her efforts on him - increasing her speed and firming her grip on the base of his shaft. He in turn began bucking against her mouth hard - faster, keeping tempo with her, until they were working in harmony, bringing him rapidly to his point of no return.

"Oh fuck. I'm going -" he couldn't get the words out. His cock thickened to its fullest potential as his balls tightened in her hand. She moaned again, eager to taste him fully.

Her wait wasn't long. He groaned loudly as his cock throbbed and he shot a stream of his seed into her awaiting lips. She eagerly lapped up his salty cum, licking the tip and ensuring she didn't miss a single drop of him.

His body slumped against the counter as she released him from her lips and slowly stood, wiping her lips with her thumb and licking the drop off.

He opened his eyes and their gazes locked, but something didn't seem right.

"Dane -" her brow furrowed when her eyes took notice of a two-inch scar along the left side of his jaw. "My God!" she fingered the scar, tracing the length of it. "I never noticed that last night."

"That's because I don't have a scar," an all-too-familiar voice stated from behind her.

~*~*~*~*~

~ Dane ~

Dane wasn't sure what to think or feel when he walked into the kitchen to see Genevieve on her knees sucking off his twin brother. He could have stopped it, but he found himself frozen in his tracks as he watched, his dick getting hard at the vision. She looked so damned beautiful knelt before Graham, worshiping his cock, and he had to admit the sight was fucking hot. It was like watching a porno replay of the previous evening.

He and his brother had never shared a woman before, and had a strict rule about never dating exes of each other, but in this situation here in Las Vegas, those rules and lines seemed blurred.

They'd only ever dated the same girl once and it turned out bad for all involved, driving a wedge between the brothers that had taken some time to close. He continued to watch, aching to reach his hand into his pants and begin jacking off, but he refrained.

Graham groaned loudly as he shot his load into Genevieve's awaiting lips. Again, Dane was surprised he didn't feel jealousy. Again, the only feeling was arousal.

She licked him clean and then stood. "Dane - " Her fingers lined his scar, one of the only visible differences between the twins. Graham had been at the wrong place at the wrong time and gotten scarred for life for his misfortune.

"My God! I never noticed that last night."

"That's because I don't have a scar," Dane stated, entering the room to stand directly behind her.

Genevieve spun around, her dark hair whipping around and covering her face until she raked her fingers through it, brushing it out of her eyes. Her green eyes went wide as they locked with his.

"Holy shit! Dane?" She looked back over her shoulder at Graham then back at him, confusion so intense on her face that he had to bite back the laugh that was threatening to escape.

He raised his eyebrows at her and nodded.

"Oh my God!" Her face turned redder than he'd ever seen it with a mixture of anger and embarrassment. She spun back around to face his brother. "Who the fuck are you?"

Graham cringed. "Graham. His brother. Well, twin brother to be exact."

A tense silence overtook the room for the span of several beats.

"You asshole!" Her hand reached out and with a loud smacking sound made contact with the side of his face. "How could you not tell me! How dare you!"

The look of stunned surprise on his brother's face was too much. Laughter escaped Dane, rocking his body.

"And you!" She spun around to face him, her eyes flaming with the fury within her. "Were you just standing there watching? Is this some type of game you two play to get your rocks off?"

The anger began to fade as tears began to rim her eyes.

Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit. The sight of potential tears quickly sobered his mood. "Baby no.

That's not it at all. I had no idea. I just went downstairs to get us some tickets for a show tonight, I had no idea you'd wake up while I was gone and out of the room and -" he motioned toward Graham.

She went to brush past him and escape the room, but he grabbed her around the waist and pulled her into him. She was resistant at first, but quickly gave in to him, wrapped her arms around his waist and buried her face against his shoulder.

"I'm so embarrassed," she murmured against his chest.

"I'm sorry. This is a big misunderstanding. I should have told you my brother was staying in the room. I didn't think." As he said the words he couldn't help but keep playing the scene of her with his brother. A part of him wanted to see more, perhaps break through the boundaries he and his brother set regarding women - just once.

Graham pulled up his bottoms and stepped up behind Genevieve. "I'm sorry too. I really am.

I tried to stop you..."

Dane looked up from Genevieve to capture his brother's eyes. Would Graham be into sharing her? A one-time thing, just for the night. He looked down at Genevieve and an even bigger question came to mind. Would she be interested? He'd never had a threesome before, but it was on his bucket list. Maybe this was the opportunity. Mind you, his intention was him with two chicks, but this could work too. She'd been so wild and responsive with him last night, hell she'd pretty much worn him out and that was a task for any woman; he was aching to see how she'd respond when she had two men devouring her.

~ Graham ~

He felt like royal shit for what he'd done. She had a right to hate him, he could have stopped her, he could have pushed her away and explained he wasn't who she thought he was well before her lips wrapped around him.

He'd been weak.

The stunning dark-haired woman had taken him by surprise. She was easily one of the most striking women he'd ever set eyes on. Her breasts were perfectly round globes, just large enough to fill his hands, with large, dark nipples. Her curves were beautiful; she wasn't pencil thin and he loved that about her. And oh my God, her mound was impeccably shaven. She was sheer perfection.

And then she'd been on her knees, telling him to shut up and let her make him feel good.

What man in his right man would force her to stop after that? And once her hands and lips were on him, all restraint was gone. He'd lost all desire to do anything but indulge in the sensations she was invoking within him.

I'm such a fucking shit.

He watched as she embraced his brother and he had no words to describe how sorry he was so he said nothing more. He looked up at met his brother's gaze and there was a look in Dane's eyes, one that said he had something in mind.

Graham's eyes went back to the woman and then up to Dane's. Dane's eyes dropped and he began to whisper something in the woman's ear. Graham couldn't hear what was being said; she attempted to pull away from him, but then settled in his arms and her body relaxed. After a moment, she took a hesitant look over her shoulder at him.

"This is Genevieve."

A forced smile touched her lips and she nodded toward him. "Hi." Her voice was shaky; it was painfully apparent she was a nervous wreck. His heart went out to her.

What in the hell is Dane up to?

"I'm so sorry, Genevieve. I'm an ass, you just took me by surprise. But that doesn't excuse what I did. Errr. Well, didn't do. I'm sorry." He stepped toward her and was about to touch her shoulder, thought twice and lowered his hand. Her green eyes took every inch of his body in.

It was his turn to feel nervous and he could feel the heat creeping up his neck and to his face.

He looked up questioningly at his brother, who grinned and shrugged. That didn't help him.

At his brother's urging, Genevieve turned in his arms so she was facing him full on, allowing his eyes to feast on every inch of her body. His brother wrapped his arms around her waist and nuzzled the side of her neck. She closed her eyes and sighed softly.

"It'll be okay. Only what you want to do," Dane whispered to her just loud enough for Graham to hear.

If things were awkward before, they were twice as awkward now. Graham cleared his throat and made an attempt to brush past them, to escape to his room, but a dainty hand shot out, grasping his forearm, keeping him from leaving.

He looked down at her hand, his eyes beginning at her perfectly manicured fingernails and travelling up until his eyes met hers. She chewed at her lower lip, forcing his eyes to look longingly at her lush lips.

"You d-don't have to g-go, Graham." Despite her stumbling over her words, when he looked up to meet her stare her eyes were filled with desire. It suddenly became clear what the odd look in his brother's eyes meant and it left him floored.

He eyed Genevieve once more. By the way her body trembled ever so slightly he could tell this was a completely foreign thing for her, so she wasn't a "working girl," or experienced in what was being suggested - although he wouldn't put it past Dane. There'd been a few women over the years that Graham had serious concerns about, Dane denied it, but even now Graham wasn't 100% convinced.

Chapter 6

~ Genevieve ~

Genevieve's hand trembled as she reached out for Graham. What Dane had suggested to her was insane, it wasn't what "good girls" did, but on the other hand, look what being a good girl got her. She'd wasted eight years on a man. She hadn't even realized until the previous night that the sex had been bad.

So what had being a good girl gotten her? Sweet shit all aside from humiliation and heartbreak - that's what.

A part of her screamed that what he'd suggested was so wrong on so many levels and she was still angry and embarrassed about what she'd done with his brother. But on the other hand, being near two powerful, gorgeous men was intoxicating. Both were looking at her as if they were hunters and she was the prey they planned on consuming. And God help her, she wanted to be devoured, she wanted to be thrown into a state of pleasure so intense that she forgot everything except how incredible her body felt.

Was that so wrong? She was in Vegas. No one would know and once it was over she'd go on her way. No regrets. No looking back. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. If there was any time in her life to be wild and give in to her primal urges, this was that moment.

"Mistakes happen." She left the comfort and security of Dane's arms to close the distance between her and Graham. She reached up and traced his scar with her index finger, wondering how he came about getting it. His body, which had been as stiff as a board, began to slowly relax. His arms slipped around her waist, resting on her lower back, but he didn't take the liberty of pulling her tight.

"It's okay. I want this." She pressed herself tight against him and ghosted her lips across his.

He groaned low and deep in the back of his throat as he let go of his restraint and pulled tight, until his growing erection was jabbing into her naked stomach, through the flannel of his bottoms.

As his tongue slipped past her lips, his mouth tasting fresh like spearmint, she felt another spike of hesitancy. How would this work? How could she satisfy both men? Would she be able to?

Fuck it! Grabbing the waistband she tugged down his pants for the second time. His cock sprang free and teased her as it pressed against her, thick and ready for action. She was about to pull away from Graham, to lead him into the bedroom when she heard the sound of clothing and a zipper being undone. Moments later, the erection of the other brother who stepped up behind her pressed against her bottom.

Dane brushed her dark locks to the side and brushed his lips along the side of her neck, as his hard erection pressed tighter to her bottom. She gasped, pulling her lips from Graham's, closing her eyes and letting her head fall back against Dane's shoulder.

She felt so small and so delicate between the two rock hard bodies and their probing cocks. If they entered her together she feared they'd split her in two, but she didn't give a damn. She'd die a happy woman.

"Graham will take you into the bedroom," Dane whispered into her ear, while tugging at her lobe with his teeth.

"Yes! Please!" The wetness between her legs increased; she was ready for them. She needed them so desperately it hurt. She opened her eyes and found Graham staring down at her with heat so intense and feral it sent a shiver down her spine.

"Are you sure?" There was a tremor in his voice, like it was taking everything in him to hold himself back.

"Oh God yes!"

"Hold tight." Grabbing her upper thighs he hoisted her up onto his hips. She squealed and wrapped her legs around him, tightening her arms tight around his neck. As he turned and began to walk from the kitchen his shaft slipped between her moist folds. With each step his member stroked her, rubbing against her sensitive clit and making her mew softly with each stroke.

She wiggled against him, nipping at his shoulder and flicking at the side of his neck with the tip of her tongue. He groaned and tightened his grasp on her as she continued to tease. Lifting her head she looked over his shoulder to see Dane following behind them, beautifully naked.

How did she get so lucky to have two men as sexy as the Porter brothers wanting to share her - even if for a single night? They reached the bedroom and they toppled onto the bed, Graham over her, bracing his weight up with a hand on either side of her head.

He slid a hand down her body to cup her mound, his eyes locked with hers, watching her expression as he slipped two fingers along her slit.

"Oh fuck, so wet," he growled. "Beautiful."

She groaned as he thrust two fingers deep into her and began to stroke her inner core. She bucked against his hand and turned her head to the side to see Dane standing on the side of the bed watching, his hand slowly jerking his cock. Reaching out, Genevieve brushed Dane's hand out of the way and began stroking him - milking his cock for a drop of cum.

"Oh fuck, I want to taste you, sweetie."

Genevieve redirected her attention to Graham as he slowly slipped down the length of her body. He paused at her breasts, palming one, pinching her nipple, while his mouth secured her second nipple. The jolts of pleasure sliced through her and mixed with the throbbing between her legs, which increased with every stroke of his fingers.

Dane getting onto the bed switched her attention to him. "Suck me, baby." He tapped her lips with his cock, prompting her to open wide for him. She turned her head to get a better angle and took him into her mouth. As she began working on Dane's cock, her attention was brought back to Graham, who had progressed down the length of her body and was now kneeling at the end of the bed and kissing the top of her mound.

His warm breath teased her wet and exposed core. She let Dane's cock slip from her lips to take a moment and appreciate the view of Graham between her legs. Graham spread her pussy lips wide and ran his tongue along the length of her from her anus to her clit. She cried out and bucked against his mouth.

"Oh God please!" Her eyes locked with Graham's for a moment before he dipped his head and sucked her clit into his mouth. She cried out, her free hand fisting the blanket under her. The situation was too much and had taken her to the brink; she was so close to coming her entire body was coiled tight and ready to explode.

Just as she turned her head and took Dane back into her mouth, Graham released her clit and thrust his tongue deep within her. She would have cried out as her orgasm rushed through her body, but Dane's dick had muffled the sound. The vibrations of her moan flowed through Dane's cock and he groaned with her.

"I need to be in her, Dane!" she heard Graham growl. The urgency in his tone caught both her and Dane's attention. Dane pulled his swollen dick free, bent down and claimed her lips with his. His tongue wasted no time, slipping past her lips and into her mouth, seeking out hers. As their tongues danced, the fire once more ignited between her legs and along with it the desire to be filled.

My God, I'm such a whore. I have to be to enjoy this so much! But fuck, I don't give a shit!

As they kissed, she heard Graham getting up and the sound of a drawer opening. Dane ended the kiss, taking a moment to suck her lower lip between his teeth before fully releasing her.

She watched Dane walk away and Graham return, a foil packet in his hand. Passing her the packet, he laid down beside her on the bed and pulled her onto him, so she was straddling his waist, his cock peeping up between her legs. A pebble of pre-cum seeped from the tip, teasing her. Swiping her thumb along the tip of his shaft, her gaze locked with his heated stare; she brought her thumb to her mouth and sucked it in.

He groaned loudly as his fingers dug into her hips, attempting to control his desire. "Oh fuck.

Put it on me, before I explode over that stunning ivory skin of yours."

She looked down at his dick and saw in her mind's eye a stream of his cum shooting up and coating her stomach and breasts. She was tempted to make him cum just like that, but did as he requested, opening the packet with her teeth and rolling the condom over him.

"Now, take me in baby."

She noticed Dane had returned to the bed, also with a packet in one hand and a bottle of lubricant in the other. He positioned himself behind her, wrapped his arms around her waist and kissed her shoulder. "Don't worry. Take him and then wait for me."

"I... I've never..." She wanted to tell him she'd never had anyone enter her ass and was scared it would hurt. But it was embarrassing; she felt as inexperienced as a virgin at that moment.

He grabbed her chin in his hand and tilted her face so he could kiss her. His lips grazed hers lightly. "It's okay. I won't hurt you. Relax and it'll be okay."

She nodded.

"If you want to stop, say so. We won't make you do anything, baby."

"Okay."

Graham's cock flinched between her legs, reminding her of the stunning man under her, ready and waiting to give her pleasure. She leaned over Graham, her breasts swinging just over his lips. He took the opportunity to capture one nipple between his teeth, nipping hard enough to make her cry out as a jolt of pleasure rushed through her.

She positioned herself over him, closed her eyes and slowly speared herself with his length.

She moaned a little louder with each inch that filled her, spreading her to capacity to accommodate his girth. Releasing her nipple from his lips, he groaned in unison with her.

Once he was fully sheathed within her heated core she opened her eyes and laid herself fully onto him. Not moving on his dick and simply savouring the feel of him filling her, she placed a kiss on his chest, she kissed her way up his neck and to his lips.

She was so engrossed in Graham and the feel of their tongues frolicking that for the briefest of moments she forgot that Dane was in the room, until she felt his hands on her bottom, spreading her cheeks and applying lube to her back entrance. Her body tensed over Graham and she pulled her lips from his.

"It's okay sweetie." Caressing her cheek with the back of his hand, Graham gave her a soft smile and kissed her tenderly. "He won't hurt you. If he does I'll kick his ass."

Graham gave her a wink, making her laugh, but her laughter was cut short by the foreign feel of Dane's index finger pressing against the tight muscle of her ass and slowly entering her. She groaned softly and found her arousal spiking, surprised to find herself bucking back against his finger, wanting and needing it deeper.

Dane added a second finger, scissoring her ass, stretching her opening as he pumped his fingers in and out. He was relentless, pumping in and out of her ass as she moved with him.

Graham began to moan under her as she moved on him, his deep feral groans adding to her excitement. Just when she thought she was going to come Dane removed his fingers, leaving her on the edge of an orgasm.

"God Dane... Wh -" Her question was cut off by the feel of something much larger being pressed at her back entrance. Genevieve started to move away, but Dane's grip on her hips kept her secure.

"It's okay," Graham whispered to her. "I'm here. Focus on me and relax."

She nodded and kept her gaze glued to him as his brother began to press into her. While his fingers were uncomfortable, yet feeling amazing, his cock hurt.

"It's too big," she whimpered, burying her face between the nook of Graham's shoulder and neck.

Grabbing her chin, Graham forced her lips down to his kissing her passionately, distracting her from the burning and slight pain in her backside.

"Almost there baby," Dane's voice soothed from behind her, massaging the back of her neck as he pushed harder, finally breaking through and beginning to bury his length within her. The pain started turning to pleasure and by the time he was halfway in, she was bucking wildly against him.

"God dammit, I'm balls deep baby," Dane hissed through clenched teeth from behind her.

She ripped her mouth from Graham's and groaned loudly. "Oh fuck me Dane. Hard. Please!"

The feel of both men filling her was overwhelming, the pressure and pleasure so intense it brought tears to her eyes. She'd never felt so overwhelmingly full and she needed to come. She needed it now, or she felt she would explode.

"Are you sure?" Came the question from behind her.

"Yesyesyes!" she cried out in response, digging her nails into Graham's shoulders.

He pulled out and she held her breath as he slammed into her and with his thrust her world exploded. Genevieve screamed out as an orgasm so intense rocked through her body, and let her forehead drop to Graham's shoulder. Instead of feeling the need to relax and bask in the orgasm, her body demanded more! Her pussy clenched around Graham and she began to move wildly on him, milking his cock, needing him to feel the pleasure his brother had given to her.

"Oh fuck, sweetie, I'm not going to last long like this," Graham grunted under her.

Less than a minute later, the three of them found a rhythm together - giving, receiving and experiencing pleasure. She never thought she could have experienced something as intense as the feel of two powerful men, claiming and sharing her body - but here she was. And it was so good - too good, if that could be possible.

"Holy fuck, your beautiful ass feels good, baby," Dane growled.

"Oh my," she gasped, breathless.

She found her body revving up, racing toward the finish line of another orgasm. As she came close to coming again she felt Dane's cock thicken and harden in her ass and with a low grunt of satisfaction he slammed into her ass, releasing his seed.

His body trembling within her ass set her off a second time. She bit lightly into Graham's shoulder as her body was overcome with a second orgasm. Her orgasm sent Graham toppling over the edge as well.

"Oh my God sweetie," he gasped. Grabbing onto her hips he pulled her tight to his cock as he released.

She barely felt Dane pulling out as she collapsed into Graham's arms completely spent. She indulged in the feel of his depleted shaft remaining in her as she took a moment to catch her breath. As she pulled up and looked down at Graham and saw the look of hunger in his eyes still remained, she came to the realization that she may have bitten off more than she could chew with the Porter brothers.

~*~*~*~*~

~ Genevieve ~

Genevieve groaned softly as she slowly woke. Her entire body ached, but in a good way. It took her a moment to remember where she was and what she'd experienced the night before. The blackout drapes covered the sunlight from shining in, only allowing a sliver of sunlight into the room, just enough to see the two men in bed with her, one on either side of her.

Dane was sprawled, spread-eagle on his back, a proud hard-on reaching for the ceiling while she was wrapped in Graham's arms, his hard, warm body spooning hers, his arm wrapped around her waist. It felt good to be in his arms, and she wished she could remain there all day, but she knew she couldn't.

As she continued to wake up, the gravity of what she'd done occurred to her. She was wedged between two men she barely knew, her body coated in the evidence of their afternoon and night together. This wasn't going to end well for her. No man would share a girl with his brother, spending the day fucking every hole she had and then seriously consider being with her after that. She was disposable. A day of entertainment. A night of turning a girl who was virtually a virgin into their Vegas whore. While all these thoughts rushing through her head, it really wasn't the two men sleeping on either side of her that she was angry with - it was herself.

With regret and a heavy heart she slowly wiggled out of Graham's grasp. Attempting to wiggle from Graham was a task in itself; each time she was almost free he'd reach for her in his sleep and pull her tight again. Once free, she carefully squirmed from the king-sized bed. Tears formed in her eyes as she looked down at the two men. If she had been strong maybe this could have ended differently. But she'd been weak and let her body control her sense of reason.

She needed to get out of there. She needed out of Vegas as soon as possible; the first flight out. Quickly as she could without making too much noise she got dressed and wrote a note saying a quick goodbye. On impulse she gave them both a kiss on the cheek before she exited the suite.

They'd had their fun time in Vegas, tag teaming some chick they picked up in a casino so neither of them would come after her. She wanted to feel good about never seeing them again, because never seeing them again would mean she'd never have to think about what kind of whore she could allow herself to be... Then why did the thought of never seeing them again make her feel so fucking bad?

Chapter 7

The Present - Graham Graham knew there was a big chance he wouldn't be welcome at her boutique. If she'd been cold with his brother then he didn't even want to imagine how cold she'd be to him - but he needed to see her. He needed to explain and seek her forgiveness at the very least, and have dinner with her if the best-case scenario were to come about. His brother, Dane, had been able to dismiss what had happened in Vegas as just another "thing" that happened, but Graham was unable and unwilling to do that.

He needed to know that she was all right. The way she fled Vegas without a word to either of them, leaving just a brief, impersonal note, made him think she wasn't close to being okay with what happened. A part of him wasn't sure he was either. But the past was the past and he hoped they could move on from it.

Despite the sign on the door stating the shop was closed, he tried the door and was rewarded with the knob turning and the door swinging open. A soft chime sounded as he stepped past the threshold, announcing his arrival.

He spotted her immediately as she made her way from the back of the store and his cock jerked alive. Visions of her sandwiched between him and his brother came to mind, followed by thoughts of her on her knees taking him into her mouth. And the sounds of her screams as she came...

Sweet Jesus I have to stop thinking about it. He shook his head of the images; getting rock hard with no way to relieve the pressure, aside from his own hand, wouldn't do him a bit of good.

Squaring her shoulders she glared at him, her green eyes flaring up with anger. "What are you doing here, Graham? Your brother was already here to take my statement."

How did she know? As soon as the thought came to mind the two-inch scar along the left side of his jaw reminded him of the difference between him and his brother. It was a part of him now so he usually forgot it was there, unless someone brought it up.

"I'm not here for the break-in. I'm sorry to hear about that by the way." His eyes scanned the store, without proceeding further into it. He immediately noticed the smashed-in showcase and then the broken cabinets at the back of the store - the showcases all empty.

"Yeah. Well. It happens, I guess."

"Are you okay? Are you insured?"

"Yeah. It happened sometime overnight, I wasn't here. And yeah, I'm insured, not that it's going to do me any good in trying to get new stock." She moved closer to him until he was only a few feet away. He could faintly detect the scent of roses - so sweet. It fit her. The scent reminded of him having her bundled into his arms...

"If there's anything -"

"You could tell me what you're doing here to start with," she interrupted.

"I was in the neighbourhood and thought you might be hungry."

She planted her hands on her hips and glared at him. "Bullshit. Why are you here?"

"All right. I wanted to feed you. Apologize. Maybe start over." He hesitated but stepped up to her, placing his hands on her upper arms. "I just want to get to know you, Genevieve. No strings attached, no expectations. Just trying to make up for whatever made you feel bad. Is that so horrible?"

~*~*~*~*~

~ Genevieve ~

"Will you tell me why you took off after what happened? You just left, no word at all. You just left a vague note. We were worried," Graham inquired before taking a hearty swig from his glass of beer. "If you don't want to tell me that's fine, but I'd like to understand."

Two sides of her were battling. She wanted to start over and forget what happened in Vegas, but on the other hand she was embarrassed. What kind of girl fucks two guys at once, guys she barely knows, twin brothers at that!

"I just... it was too much."

"I don't understand." The concern in his eyes was so genuine it was hard to hold onto her resolve.

She sighed. "Did Dane tell you why I was in Vegas?"

He shook his head. "We never really spoke about you after you took off." Seeing her face fall, he reached across the table and took her hand in his, relieved she didn't pull her hands away.

"We'd never done anything like that before, Ginny. It was something that happened. Neither one of us wanted to discuss it after the fact. Especially after you rejected us both."

Guilt began to fill her. "I didn't reject you two. I was confused." Maybe she'd overreacted. It was such a volatile time for her. "I wasn't thinking straight. It felt so good being with you..." A light appeared in his eyes, the corners of his lips beginning to form into a smile. "... and Dane."

The light in his eyes died as did the partial smile.

"I see..."

She groaned, lowering her head onto her hand. "You see. It's too complicated."

"It doesn't have to be."

"And that doesn't get us past the fact you allowed me to think you were Dane."

He chuckled, giving his head a shake. "That wasn't entirely my fault."

"You don't think you could have given me a little heads up?"

It was Graham's turn to sigh. "I know I should have, but... shit. I was struggling to get over my wife and..."

"Wife!" Genevieve withdrew her hand from his, sat back in her chair and eyed him with suspicion. "You're married?"

"It's not like that. I was married. Yes." He thrust a hand through his hair in frustration. "We got married, I caught her cheating and ended it. We'd only been married a few months. It was a blow, it was part of the reason Dane and I were in Vegas, he was trying to pull me from my mood." He shrugged. "That and we came into a small inheritance."

"That's horrible!"

Graham shrugged. "It is what it is. I'm just trying to move forward and leave her in the past."

"I was in a similar situation."

"Running away from a cheating husband?" He cocked a brow up at her, a smile forming on his lips.

"Fiance. He left me at the altar, broke up with me a half-hour before the ceremony while I was in my wedding dress. He was hooking up with a co-worker."

He grimaced. "Ouch." His smile quickly returned. "However, I think I'd prefer to be left at the altar than walk in on my wife doing the FedEx guy on my new kitchen table."

"Oh my! You're kidding, right?" She couldn't have helped the grin forming on her lips if she'd tried. It was such a cliche. Just as much a cliche as her ex-fiance with a co-worker.

"Afraid not. He was even wearing the shorts with the mid-calf black socks." He cringed.

"Just humping away."

She cringed, attempting to force the image from her mind.

~*~*~*~*~

~ Graham ~

While he was making a joke out of his discovery of his wife and the delivery guy, it still stung his ego; he just didn't want Ginny to know that. He supposed with time he'd be able to genuinely joke about the scenario, he just wasn't there quite yet.

"So what happened then?" She leaned forward in her chair, her green eyes wide, eager to hear the remainder of the story.

"They heard me walk into the dining room. So he pulls out and turns to look at me. I was in full uniform so his eyes didn't take long to discover my pistol attached to my hip."

"Oh my God, did you pull your gun on him!" Placing both elbows on the table, she leaned in even closer, her eyes going wide.

Graham laughed. "God no! I wanted to, though." Surprisingly, talking about what happened with her didn't seem to hurt quite as much, although the look of childlike wonder in her eyes as she waited for the rest of his story made him want to tell it. "But I think an angry husband with a pistol and a badge would intimidate most men."

"Not to mention you're big."

"Huh?"

Her face flushed and she lowered her eyes. "I mean. Not like that..."

"You're not making this better." He knew what she meant, but seeing her squirm was amusing him. It felt good to laugh again.

"You know what I mean..." She batted at his hand, but continued to refuse to meet his gaze.

"No, I don't think I do."

"Where in the hell is our food anyhow?" She looked behind her in the direction of the kitchen. "Awful slow."

He grabbed her hand, giving it a squeeze and regaining her attention. "Don't change the subject. Explain yourself."

The pink hue in her cheeks deepened, but she lifted her gaze to meet his, a smile touching her lips. "Stop. You know what I mean."

He cocked his head to the side, waiting for her to continue, having too much fun at her expense to allow her off the hook.

"You're of formidable stature in all ways. Is that good enough for you?"

Graham leaned back in his chair, but kept her hand in his. "That'll do. And I'm pleased you think so."

She growled, her eyes narrowing at him. "You're so..."

"Handsome, witty, charming."

"I was thinking incorrigible."

"So you were the chicken parm," the petite waitress assigned to their table said as she placed her plate in front of Genevieve. The aroma drifted to him; it looked and smelled incredible.

Graham's stomach grumbled as his eyes took in the sight of his chicken and ribs.

The waitress turned to face him, her smile widening and her eyes drinking in the sight of him; her flirting while taking their order hadn't been missed. If he'd been alone he'd have been flattered, but with Ginny sitting across from him it only made him uneasy. He feared he was walking the line with her right now and desperately wanted to get in her good graces and perhaps see her again. He didn't want anything to jeopardize that.

~*~*~*~*~

~ Genevieve ~

"I think the waitress liked you." Genevieve's grin was wide as she looked up at Graham, while they walked down the sidewalk back to her boutique and their vehicles.

"What?" Graham let out a dismissive huff. "If she did, I didn't notice."

"Bullshit! How could you not?" She leaned into him, pressing her breasts against his arm as she reached across him. "Here's your ribs, Sir. I really hope you enjoy them, Sir." She attempted to mimic the voice of the waitress, but failed miserably.

Graham slipped a hand around her waist and kept her tight to his side as they continued to walk. "I never noticed. My attention was completely focused on you."

"Oh, now I know you're a bullshitter." Mischief danced within her eyes when her gaze lifted to meet his. Instead of pulling away, she kept herself close to him. Over the course of the dinner, she'd begun to realize there could be much more between them than that one-night stand.

Staying away seemed an exercise in futility.

"All right. Maybe I noticed."

Her eyes narrowed at him, but her smile didn't fade.

"But her boobs were right in my face." He placed the palm of his hand a foot from his face.

"Right there. How could anyone with a dick not notice that? At least give me kudos for admitting it."

"So are you and your brother always like this? Joking and whatnot."

She thought she noticed his smile fall, but she blinked and the grin was back. "Not really. If you're into funny guys then I'm much funnier than my brother."

"I'm not into funny guys."

"Oh, in that case, I'm not funny at all. Barely crack a smile normally, this whole date was a facade."

They reached her car and stopped walking. She was having a good time with him and sad to see it had come to an end so soon. "So this was a date?" She attempted to keep her expression blank, but it was hard; it seemed she'd been wearing a goofy smile on her face from the moment they'd sat down at the restaurant.

Graham paused, his eyes searching hers seeking the correct answer. "Well, if it was a date then it should be ending with a kiss."

The humor within her faded as their eyes locked. They'd spent the past couple of hours joking and laughing, keeping the atmosphere light and fun. Would they have the chemistry they had in Vegas? There was only one way to find out.

"I think this could be considered a date." She stepped into him, closing the distance, but keeping far enough away that he'd have to make the final move.

His blue eyes grew dark as he slipped his arms around her waist and pulled her against him.

"I'm glad you decided to let me feed you."

Genevieve's hands slid up his chest and fingers locked around the back of his neck. "Thank you for coming to see me. I know that may not have been easy. Especially after how we left things."

They stood staring into each other's eyes while pedestrians strolled past them, none of them paying much mind to the potential lovers. With each second she waited for him to close the distance and meet her lips with his, her anxiety increased.

When he finally bent and his lips touched hers, she breathed a sigh of relief. But instead of being the deep, passionate kiss that she was expecting his lips merely teased hers. He teased just long enough to ignite the fire between her legs, before he ended the kiss and straightened, leaving her longing for more.

Her body screamed out in frustration, remembering vividly and longing to feel him more intimately. Closing her eyes she forced the thoughts of his beautiful, naked body from her mind.

He has it right. Take it slow. No mistakes. If we do start seeing each other we don't want to blow this by getting too physical too quick.

"So if I were to stop by the boutique in a day or so and ask you for another dinner?"

She swiped her tongue along her lower lip, forcing his eyes to follow the travels of her tongue. "I'd be disappointed if you didn't."

"Good." He stepped back and opened her car door for her. "Have a good night, Ginny."

Chapter 8

~ Genevieve ~

Genevieve couldn't concentrate. The entire day went by in a blur and now that she was sitting home alone, she couldn't keep her mind from thinking about her "date" with Graham the previous day. Admittedly, she was disappointed he hadn't shown up at the boutique today. Each time the door chimed, signalling a customer, her mood would perk up and she look up at the door with teenaged excitement. But it was never him.

Dressed in a pair of jogging pants and sweatshirt, she flicked on the television and began surfing the channels, hoping for a show interesting enough to keep her mind occupied. She'd just found a semi-interesting reality television show when there was a knock at her door.

She frowned. How the person at the other side of the door got past the security lock front door was beyond her; must have been a neighbour knocking. The only time they came to her door was to bitch about something. She didn't want to deal with a bitching neighbour, but considering her television was on and easily heard into the hallway she could hardly pretend not to be home.

On tiptoes she peered out through the peephole and her heart skipped a beat. Graham. a smile spread across her lips. Taking a deep breath in she attempted to calm her excitement as she opened the door to greet him.

"Hey Gra - " She stopped herself when she noticed the man opposite her didn't have the scar on his jaw. "Wow, Dane. Ummm..." Her eyes lowered to his hands. One carried a four-pack of beer and in the other was a brown takeout bag.

"Hey. Can I come in?" Not waiting for a reply he walked around her and into her tiny one-

bedroom apartment on Manhattan's West Side. Walking over to her sofa, he placed the food and beer onto the coffee table and made himself at home on her sofa. "I hope you're hungry."

"Ahhh. Yeah. I guess." She closed the door and spun around to face him, not sure what to do or say to him, so she voiced the one question that was nagging on her mind. "What are you doing here? Did you guys find out who broke into my store?" She knew that wasn't why he was there, but hoped the store was the reason.

He grimaced and ran a hand through his blonde hair. "No, I'm sorry. I'm doing all I can, but there's no leads."

"Oh." She hesitantly made her way across the room and sat next to him on the sofa. "Then can I ask why you're here?" Her nose crinkled at him. "And how did you find out where I lived?"

His face flushed as he pulled Chinese food from the paper bag. "I hope you like Chinese."

"Yeah. Yeah. It's fine." She wasn't concerned about the food.

"I sort of grabbed your home address from your police report."

"Is that legal?"

He shrugged and turned to face her. "I'm here because after I left your store the other day I did some thinking and I feel I owe you an apology. My cold behavior around you yesterday was uncalled for. And we should have a discussion about what happened last month." As he waited for her reply he twisted off the cap of a beer and passed it to her.

After her discussion with Graham the previous day she felt better about what happened. She really didn't have a desire to rehash it, which made her wonder if Graham told Dane about his going to see her and their having dinner. She suspected he didn't. But why?

She took a long drink from her beer. She hated beer but didn't want to hurt his feelings and she had the feeling she was going to need to have a few in her to deal with the conversation Dane was going to insist on having.

Would it be rude if I cut him off, told him I didn't want to talk about it and bid him a good night? she mused. As much as she wanted to do just that, a part of her was glad he'd shown up.

At least his company would keep her mind from thinking about his brother. Well, sort of.

He twisted off the cap of the beer he had in his hand and took a long drink, drinking down close to half the bottle before placing it back onto the coffee table.

His eyes locked onto hers and she saw the sincerity in his blue depths. When she gave it some consideration she was as much to blame for the night as he was. She'd responded to his advances, she welcomed them. And the next day when he'd suggested something she'd never even considered before, she was reluctant at first, but by the time her body was sandwiched between the striking, muscular bodies of the two brothers she didn't care anymore - she welcomed the feelings. And she doubted she'd ever feel such intense pleasure again that the two of them gave her.

She could see him trying to decide the words to use to begin his apology and she found herself softening to him. "Just let me speak first, okay?"

His brow furrowed at her request, but he nodded.

"I have just as much to apologize for as you do. I shouldn't have taken off like I did. I had a lot of fun with you at the musical and after..." She felt butterflies begin to flutter in her stomach as memories of him pleasuring her in the shower skirted through her mind. As she looked at him she found she was becoming uncomfortably wet. This was bad.

"After?"

"I realized that what I had with Alex, especially the sexual aspect, was well below par. A part of me was concerned that there was something wrong with me." She felt her face flush as she considered admitting her insecurities, but Dane's expression was one of concern with not an ounce of judgment in his eyes. "You made me realize it wasn't."

Dane chuckled as he caressed her cheek with the back of his hand. "You were amazing." He dropped his hand and lowered his gaze. "But I shouldn't have shared you, or even suggested it, and I'm sorry. It was a stupid and impulsive idea."

"No. No." She placed a hand on his leg, just about his knee. "I enjoyed it. I've never felt..."

She couldn't finish her sentence. It was her turn to flush and lower her gaze. She snatched her hand away from his leg and she felt her face beginning to grow warm. Discussing Vegas wasn't going to do either of them any good.

He placed a paper plate in front of her and opened a little box. "Sweet and sour chicken?" He began to empty half of the carton without waiting for her response. "You left Vegas because of me and I regretted that I wasn't able to spend more time with you. I fucked it up, but after seeing you again, I want to make it right."

She focused her attention on the plate of food he'd dished out to her, scooped up some rice and popped it into her mouth. Anything to avoid having to comment on his last statement. She watched him eat out of the corner of her eyes as she began to devour the food in front of her, surprised she was as hungry as she was.

"Wow, big Chinese fan I see."

Genevieve smiled, looking at her plate, which was almost empty compared to his; he hadn't even gotten halfway through. "It was a long day."

"How are you doing on getting new inventory?" He speared a chicken ball and plopped it into his mouth.

"Bad. I had the largest collection of pre-owned Birkin bags in the city. And it's hard to get them used for a good price since they resale for so much and in such high demand."

"So how much would one of those Birkin purses cost?"

She shrugged. "Depends on the condition, but usually people who buy Birkin keep them pristine. A used one can range from ten grand to thirty or forty - sometimes more."

Dane's eyes went wide as he began to choke on his rice.

She was used to Dane's exact reaction from people. Tourists visited her boutique often and would leave outraged at her prices. "Depending the type of leather. The cheaper ones would be in the ten to fifteen range, but crocodile, ostrich, the exotic leathers come into the serious money."

He cleared his throat and took a long swig from his beer. Dane reached across her and grabbed the bag she had sitting on her end table. Straightening back up, he placed the bag on his lap and inspected it.

The faint musk smell of his cologne came drifting to her nose. Oh dear God, it smells so good! It was amazing to her how a scent could lure someone to someone else so easily. It would be so much easier to deny her body's reaction to him if he didn't smell so damned good!

"So this one here. What is this?"

"It's a Chanel quilted caviar leather double-flap bag," she answered and the response she got from him was a blank stare. She didn't expect anything different. Men never knew the difference. One of the only men she knew who knew the difference was Alex, but he had come from a well-to-do family who lived for luxury brand goods. Alex was the one who gave her the idea to open the shop and his mother and his mother's richie-rich friends had helped to stock it -

initially that is.

"And how much would one of these cost new?" He opened the first and then second flap, peering inside at the contents of her purse. One of the items on the top was a tampon, in its bright pink wrapper.

Mortified, Genevieve snatched the handbag from his grasp. "Geez, nosy much?" She placed it back onto the end table. "And almost five thousand."

His mouth dropped and he leaned over her again, to get another look at the bag. "Five grand.

For that?"

This was getting embarrassing.

She shrugged. "It's what it costs. I don't pay that when I buy them, however. I pay about half that - sometimes less, depending on the condition."

"Why?" Dane finished his plate and placed it onto the coffee table.

She frowned.

"I mean, why do people pay so much? I could buy a car for five grand. Not the best car, but an okay one."

"Because they can."

He puffed out a loud huff of air, falling back into the sofa and draping an arm along the back of the sofa. "It's hard to comprehend."

Done with her plate, she folded her legs under her and cuddled closer to him, not really meaning to, but his body seemed to be a magnet to her. She seemed unable to stop herself from wanting to be close. The space between his arm and torso begged her to settle into him and she didn't want to resist.

What about Graham? a voice at the back of her mind chimed in.

Nothing with Graham was for sure. One dinner and a partial kiss didn't make a relationship.

He hadn't even called her. He'd simply left it up in the air. She was doing nothing wrong getting to know Dane, nothing at all.

~*~*~*~*~

~ Dane ~

Genevieve had been on his mind since she snuck out of their room in Vegas. He'd brushed it off to his brother as no big deal; another chick to add to his list of conquests. But he was a lying son-of-a-bitch and he knew it. He pretended the threesome was cool - an experience to scratch off his bucket list. But it hadn't been for him. After the fact, after he woke up and grasped the full ramifications of what had happened, it made him feel a feeling he'd never felt before -

jealousy.

He didn't want to share her. He wanted her to himself, but she hadn't given him the opportunity to voice his feelings. She'd left without a word.

Dane's first call after leaving her shop was to call Graham to let him know he'd found her and that she seemed... okay. Graham had seemed a little perturbed about Vegas, scared they'd upset her, so Dane knew it would set his mind at ease to know she was doing fine and only harboured a slight resentment toward them. His brother seemed okay with that and never voiced any desire to pursue her further so as far as Dane was concerned she was free for the wooing.

"No, no, no. Are you serious?" Dane shook his head in disgust.

"Why not?" Genevieve snatched the remote from his hands, flipping to a dating reality TV

show.

"Because it's staged. And cheesy."

She groaned, rolling her eyes at him as she settled on the channel she'd been searching for.

"It's romantic. And sweet."

"I can't do it. Anything but that show. Anything. I think Cops is on." He reached for the remote, but she pulled back, hiding the remote behind her back. Her bright green eyes challenged him as a wicked grin emerged on her lips.

"Sorry. You want this remote, then you're going to have to take it from me. I'm not giving up that show without a fight."

He chuckled and allowed his eyes to scan her. Unlike in Vegas and at her boutique where she was dressed to kill, tonight she was wearing a plain pair of jogging pants and sweatshirt and her hair was up in a high ponytail. She looked nice - approachable. She had a girl-next-door sweetness about her tonight that touched him.

Sensing his scrutiny, she inched away, but her eyes remained glued to him - continuing to challenge.

"We're seriously going to play it like this?"

Genevieve nodded, her smile widening. As their eyes locked her body tensed as if she were about to leap from the sofa at any second.

Dane lunged at her. She squealed and attempted to squirm from the sofa, but didn't stand a chance. She fell backward onto the sofa, her arms behind her back with his weight toppling over her.

"Give it!" He reached behind her back, searching for the remote but coming up empty.

"Not a chance!" Giggling, she squirmed and bucked under him, until her legs spread with him settled between them.

Dane groaned inwardly; her squirming under him wasn't achieving her objective of getting free, but it was giving him a serious hard-on. He attempted to lift off of her, but her wiggling kept knocking him off balance and instead he kept rubbing against her. It was excruciating, and at the same time so fucking hot it was driving him insane.

"Might as well give up, Ginny," he grunted through clenched teeth, pulling up and staring down at her. He wanted to be a gentleman. Had to be to make up for Vegas, but she was making it so damned hard.

Her face grew serious and body went still under him and he thought he'd won. He was both disappointed and relieved.

"So, we're done. I win." Relaxing, but remaining between her legs, he stuck his hand under her nose and wiggled his fingers. "Give it."

The defiant look flared back up in her eyes and she shook her head. "Take it."

Instead of digging behind her hoping to strike remote gold, he sat up on her, straddling her waist and keeping her secure to the sofa.

"Hey! What are you doing?" Her eyes narrowed and she scowled at him.

He wiggled his fingers at her. "One last chance Ginny."

Her green eyes grew wide, her lush lips parting. She bucked up against him, trying to toss him off. "Don't you dare Dane!"

"A dare?" He wiggled his eyebrows at her and pounced.

She squealed and giggled, squirming and bucking against him with every ounce of power she had. "No no no. Stop. Oh my God. Dane!" Her hands grabbed the front of his shirt and attempted to push him off to no success.

Changing tactics, she pulled him down. Thrown off balance, he landed flat on her, causing a soft "oomph" sound to come from her. Terrified he'd hurt her, he struggled to get up, but she clutched to him and they both went toppling over and onto the floor, Genevieve landing on top of him.

It was his turn to groan a low "oomph" sound. "This isn't fun anymore."

"Oh my God, are you okay?" She braced a hand on either side of his head and stared down at him.

Dane couldn't keep his eyes from her lips, lush and plump. And her perfume... It was driving him mad, begging him to draw her tight into his arms. He wanted to kiss her so badly it hurt, and he didn't think he'd ever wanted to kiss someone so badly in his life.

It's the perfect opportunity. Just reach up, pull her down to you and kiss her, he coached himself. The tension between them thickened until it became hard for him to breathe. Just as he made the decision to go for it his mobile phone started to blare in his pocket. And just like that, the moment was gone and Ginny was scrambling to get off of him and seat herself back onto the sofa.

Fuck! He sat up on the floor and pulled his phone from his pocket. Looking down at the display, Graham flashed in bright red letters. Sending the call straight to voicemail, he turned off the ringer and thrust the phone back into his pocket.

As he looked up at her, Genevieve held the remote out to him. The moment was over.

Chapter 8

~ Genevieve ~

This is incredible! Grinning from ear to ear, Genevieve looked down at the array of handbags, wallets and small leather goods sitting in front of her on the front counter. She even scored a Chanel watch! She'd spent two days calling every customer in her Rolodex to find people willing to part with their treasures and it panned out. It wasn't near the amount of stock she'd had stolen, but it was a start to rebuilding.

Grabbing the pink Versace trench coat, she pulled it on. It was snug. Disappointed, she walked over to a full-length mirror and examined the coat on herself. The seams at the shoulders strained.

Shit! So close... Twenty pounds and I might be able to pull it off.

"Going out?" The deep voice was becoming all too familiar; the question was which brother did it belong to?

She spun around to see Graham removing his hat as he came strolling into the boutique, wearing his NYPD uniform and carrying a wicker basket. Definitely sexy, with a sliver of sweet thrown in. But mostly hot - the belt with his pistol and handcuffs strapped to it gave him a dangerous feeling.

"Hey you."

"The jacket looks beautiful on you."

She frowned as she turned back to the mirror. "Thanks. It's too small, though. Versace doesn't make normal people-sized clothes."

Graham laughed as he came to stand behind her. His frame was twice the size of hers, making her feel tiny, despite the fact the jacket was a little snug.

"Normal people-sized clothes?"

"Yeah. If you're any more than a hundred and twenty-five pounds you can forget clothing from most of the designers I sell here, unless you're rich enough to be able to afford to commission a piece. You can sometimes get lucky with Gucci." She shrugged. "I settle for the bags, shoes and accessories."

He frowned as he met her gaze in the mirror. "That's crazy."

"Designers feel their clothing doesn't hang well on curvy women. In some cases that's true."

She turned and grabbed a gold jumpsuit from the rack. "I don't think they realize how horrible this looks on rake-thin women. Something like this should be made for women with soft curves, but..." she shrugged. "Who am I to tell the big designers what looks good?"

"I can't imagine anything looking bad on you."

She smiled at him in the mirror, a rosy hue colouring her cheeks. "Thank you. But you'd be surprised." Stepping away from the mirror, she struggled out of the jacket and draped it over her arm. "So what brings you to my little nook in the city?"

He lifted the basket to her eyes. "I told you I'd be back to feed you again. And here I am." He looked around the boutique, which was currently void of any customers. "Do you think you could tear yourself away to spend lunch with me?"

"Ass. It has been busy." Laughing, she gave his shoulder a shove as she walked past him and motioned for him to follow her over to her front counter.

"So that's a...."

"A yes. Of course, I'll have lunch with you."

~*~*~*~*~

~ Graham ~

Graham watched as she stretched out on her side, propping her head up with one hand while she took a bite out of her ham and cheese sandwich. The way the rays of sunlight shone off of her dark hair was mesmerizing to him. He couldn't get enough of looking at her. It had been hard staying away the past couple of days, but he didn't want to come off as too strong or pushy.

"So what's it with you and your brother and feeding women?" She set down the sandwich to take a long drink of water. "I recall him mentioning back in Vegas that he loved cooking for dates."

"We're from a large, hungry Italian family."

Her brow furrowed. "Italian?"

Laughing, he nodded. "My father is half Italian and half Irish. My brother and I took on the Irish traits, physically, but our mother is full Italian and we grew up in Staten Island. I think you'd fit in beautifully with my family. They're pretty great. A little overbearing for the most part, but great."

"Call me ignorant if you want, but shouldn't you have the deep, Staten Island/Italian accent?"

He cleared his throat and decided to allow his accent free rein. "We do, but we've learned to get rid of the accent if we try. It sneaks in once in a while, but for the most part we can keep it from coming out."

Genevieve's eyes lit up and a wide smile emerged on her lips. "That is sexy! Why would you want to hide it?"

He cocked his head to the side and eyed her. "You think so?"

"Uh-huh."

"You've got an odd sense of sexy, woman."

Her eyes sparkled as she considered. "I don't think so. I don't think there's a woman in this park who wouldn't want to go home with you." She rolled over to her back and her gaze surveyed the park around them. "In fact, I bet they're hating on me right now."

Graham laughed. "Not so sure about that. Dane's the woman's man. We're identical twins, but he's always been the one to get all the women. He's a cocky bastard, but it works for him.

I've never been able to harness his magic."

"Maybe you have your own magic."

He cocked a brow at her, waiting for her to continue. He had to admit he was extremely flattered. He usually wasn't on the receiving end of compliments, or at least he hadn't been for some time, and it felt good. Being married and being cheated on with the FedEx guy had been a humbling and ego-bruising experience.

Being around Genevieve made him feel good - carefree - unlike any woman he'd met before her. He was glad he wasn't going to have to compete with Dane over her, but if it came to that he was willing to go head to head. Luckily it wouldn't come to that; in Vegas Dane had been quite clear she was "just another girl" and when he'd informed Graham that he'd found her, he made no indication he had any interest in pursuing her. But if it came to a battle for her affections, then game on!

~*~*~*~*~

~ Genevieve ~

Genevieve hadn't ever come across a man so handsome, yet so humble in her life. It was endearing. Dane seemed to be the wild and challenging twin while Graham was the sweet, funny and secure one. After her experience with Alex, sweet and secure was an extremely good feeling - although Alex seemed to be sweet and secure as well and she knew how that turned out. She saw Dane's faults, he seemed to wear them on his sleeve - revelled in them even, which made her wonder if Graham really was as perfect as he seemed to be.

Now you're just being paranoid Genevieve, the voice at the back of her mind chastised.

"What's the matter?" Graham asked as he reached across the picnic basket and brushed a lock of hair from her face, breaking her from her thoughts. His touch was light, tender, sweeping across her temple and causing a soft sigh to come from her parted lips.

"Nothing. Just thinking about how different you and your brother seem to be. Not that I know either of you very well," she shrugged, "from what I've experienced so far."

She watched his reaction, wondering if he knew Dane had shown up at her house the previous evening. Maybe this was some kind of game the brothers were playing; a challenge to see who could win her over? Dane possibly, but she just couldn't see Graham doing something like that. Then again... Alex had her fooled and Graham had let her go down on him thinking he was his brother.

"Just because we're identical physically doesn't mean our personalities also are. Growing up, Dane was always the outgoing one. He'd drag me into his insane schemes and I'd go along to make sure he didn't kill himself or get arrested doing something stupid. We had different friends, had different likes. Even our taste in women is different."

Genevieve's interest piqued, curious on what Graham's opinion on what Dane's normal would be like. And she couldn't help but wonder about his ex-wife. "How are your tastes different with women?"

He took a bite from his sandwich and considered. "I love my brother and I usually try to refrain from saying negative things about him..."

"But..."

"But, he has a tendency toward the hot, wild ones. He's never too concerned about what's upstairs as long as they look good on his arm. Some of the ones he's brought home over the years were plain bat-fuck-crazy, but hot."

She cringed. She wasn't sure if she was flattered or hurt by Graham's statement. But she knew the score the night Dane had picked her up at the casino. She'd known - more or less - that the night would end up with them in bed.

"Why does he go for those types?"

"He's the type who indulges in immediate gratification?" He shrugged, quite visibly bemused himself. "Just his personality. He'll eventually see there needs to be more to a woman than her looks. He's just not interested in being there quite yet. Maybe he figures if he finds a woman who challenges him mentally he'd feel compelled to give up his carefree lifestyle for her and settle down."

Genevieve chewed at her lower lip, considering. Could she be the one Dane wanted to settle down with? Or was she just another amusement to him; a challenge until he moved on to the next hot thing that caught his fancy?

"And what about you?"

He took a deep breath in and slowly released it. "I won't lie. I prefer a physically attractive woman, but then again, that's a pretty subjective thing. Let's use you for example."

She cocked her head to the side and eyed him. "I'd rather you didn't." She was only halfway joking.

He ignored her. "If I could put together a wishlist of physical attributes for the perfect woman you'd be the result of that list."

She was shocked at his compliment and she could tell it wasn't being said simply to flatter her, but he genuinely felt that way, which contributed to her speechlessness. It had to be one of the most incredible compliments she'd ever received. She knew she was somewhat attractive, but to be the model of someone's fantasy woman was a little surprising.

"I guess that's part of the reason I wasn't quick to respond to... when you..." He thrust a hand into his hair and sighed. "In Vegas."

Her face grew warm and she raised her hand, motioning for him to stop, for both of their sakes. "I think I get it now."

The look of relief in his expression was almost comical. "Yeah. So above the physical, I really want someone who's put together. Someone who knows what she wants and isn't afraid to go after it. I'm not looking for club bunnies or short-term flings - I never have. I like being part of a couple and one failed marriage isn't going to change that."

"So your wife?" she prompted.

"Would've been better off staying with my brother. I think she wanted the wedding, but not the commitment marriage entailed. I jumped thinking she was the right one, and I made a mistake. But I've learned from my mistakes and won't make that mistake again."

"What do you mean, stayed with your brother?"

He clucked his tongue off of the roof of his mouth. "She was with Dane first. He didn't want to be married and was very clear to her about it. She moved on with me a while later. But turns out she also wasn't ready for that commitment, just thought she was. It was a mistake and Dane and I had issues for a while because of it. But that's over now and we've since reconciled."

"But you just said you two don't share the same tastes in women?"

"She's the type of woman who is whatever a man wants her to be - at first." He looked down at his watch. "Can we not talk about Emma right now? Lunch is almost over. She puts a bad taste in my mouth." He grimaced.

"Thank you, by the way."

His eyebrows raised. "For what?"

She took a bite from her sandwich and swallowed, giving herself a moment to decide if she was going to finish the thought she had started. "For lunch. I wasn't sure if I'd be seeing you again. But I was hoping I would." She lifted her gaze to meet his.

"I told you, you would. I don't ever go back on my word. I was just hoping you'd be open to seeing me again." Again, there was a sincere look in his eyes. It touched her. There were no games with him. No second guessing. She liked it... a lot.

"I am."

He frowned, his eyes focusing intently on her lips. A tremor rocked through her and the desire to pull him into her and taste his lips was almost unbearable.

"You have a little something..."

Her frown matched his. What? Where? Embarrassed, she swiped at her mouth with the back of her hand. Why do I have to be such a damned sloppy eater? Can't even eat a sandwich without making a fool out of myself?

He reached over to her, touched her cheek and brushed the side of her lip with his thumb. a faint smile touched his lips. She closed her eyes and pressed her cheek into his hand. So nice.

"Is it gone?" She opened her eyes to see his blue eyes had flared up with an intensity that made her breath catch in her throat.

"Almost." He leaned into her, moving so slowly that the seconds it took for his lips to meet hers felt like an eternity.

She smiled as his lips touched hers and his aftershave teased her nose. He smelt so damned good; if he wrapped her into his arms, allowing her to take in the spicy smell, she'd happily remain there an eternity. While their kiss beside her car had been but a brief taste of what may be to come, this one wasn't. He tugged gently at her lower lip with his teeth and lashed at her lips with the tip of his tongue. She grabbed the front of his uniform and pulled him closer, parting her lips, inviting him in.

He groaned low in his throat, kissing her with more passion. His energy and need flowed through her, igniting the yearning between her legs. The way his tongue danced with hers was unparalleled in skill and finesse and so natural.

When he pulled away from her, leaving her slightly lightheaded and yearning for more intimate contact, she had to force herself from pulling him back in. A part of her was thankful they were in a park and he had to go back to work. If they'd been somewhere secluded, she doubted she'd have had the strength to let him go.

She slowly opened her eyes to see him staring at her, a sexy grin on his face. She reached out to him, once more fingering the scar, wondering the story behind it. A story for next time perhaps?

"I gotta go back to work." The reluctance in his voice echoed what she was feeling inside.

But with a sigh he rose to his feet and extended his hand to her.

She accepted his hand, allowing herself to be pulled to her feet. "So, Officer Porter, I don't suppose you could play hookey for the afternoon?" She knew he couldn't but figured there was no harm in asking.

Graham laughed. "Nah, Dane would rat me out in a heartbeat."

Shit. Dane. She needed to get this situation between the brothers sorted out and find out his intentions; it appeared Graham was making his interest perfectly clear to her. She may have been a one-time-only threesome girl, but she sure as hell wasn't going to be the girl to come between the two men.

Chapter 9

Two Weeks After The Break-in - Genevieve "You could have just told me the news over the phone, Dane. Why make me come to Staten Island to give me the big reveal?" Genevieve shrugged off her black peacoat and passed it to Dane.

"Because if I did then I wouldn't be able to make you my homemade spaghetti and meatballs." Accepting the coat, he leaned over her shoulder and grabbed a hanger from the coat closet.

"You mean, homemade spaghetti sauce?"

He put the coat on the hanger. "It would be easier to hang up your coat you'd..." he motioned for her to step back.

A grin spread across her lips. "It would be. But I'm not going to." She could have moved away as he reached around her, but didn't. Having his muscular chest brush against her and getting the opportunity to bask in the aroma of his cologne made it too tempting to stay where she was.

He returned her grin, a brow cocked. "I can make you."

"You can try," she countered, placing her hands on her hips, a part of her really wanting him to do just that. His looked turned heated as his eyes locked to hers. Why she was provoking him she didn't know. After her picnic date, she'd been on a couple more dates with Graham and thought she'd made her decision. But God help her, it was harder than she imagined to keep from tempting Dane. He was so much fun to tease.

"Is that another challenge?"

"Maybe." Don't start something that you can't finish Genevieve, the voice at the back of her mind warned. She'd been on several dates with Graham already and each one made her more convinced he was the one.

Slipping an arm around her waist, he pulled her tight to his chest and lifted her out of the way while hanging the coat up in the closet. He didn't release her straight away; he kept her locked in his arms for the span of several beats, until her heart began beating rapidly in anticipation. It looked like he was going to kiss her, but just when she thought he was going to make a move, he released her and stepped back.

She knew she shouldn't be disappointed, that she should be relieved, but she wasn't.

He cleared his throat. "Now back to the dinner. I mean, it's from scratch, even the noodles.

All by my own hands." Taking her hand, he led her through the townhouse to the back where the kitchen was located.

"Wow, I'm impressed. Did you learn from your mother?" Well before they entered the kitchen the delicious aroma of herbs and spices drifted to her nose, causing her stomach to grumble softly.

He paused, giving her a funny look, and then smiled. "Yeah. My mother is an amazing cook.

Really old school Italian. She hates packaged anything; if it can be broken down and made by hand that's how it's done in the house I grew up in." He shrugged. "I usually don't have time, but on special occasions I make the time."

She took her position sitting on a wooden bar stool behind the kitchen island and watched as he checked on the sauce that was sauteing on the stove. She was impressed watching him as he worked away in the kitchen. And he looked incredible with his faded blue jeans riding low on his hips and a black t-shirt clinging to his torso and chest, showing an outline of the muscles underneath. She remembered running her fingers along those fine contours and longed to do it again.

Wrong brother, wrong brother! the voice of reason screamed out in her head.

We still haven't made any commitments to each other, she reasoned back, but still a sliver of guilt crept into her consciousness. She growled at herself; she wasn't the one to call Dane, he called her! And it wasn't like she'd kissed him. They were friends. Just friends. Nothing wrong with that. It was okay to have a little crush over a friend as long as she didn't do anything about it.

"Something on your mind?"

"Huh?" She looked up, met his gaze and then shook her head. "No, nothing. So what was the surprise?"

"Taste this first." He scooped up some of the sauce and passed her the wooden spoon.

Taking the spoon, she sampled the sauce and moaned. "This is delicious. I mean... really...delicious."

A self-satisfied smile spread across his lips. "Good. Glad you like it."

"I don't like it. I love it. Seriously." Taking the spoon back, he placed it on the counter and wiggled his finger at her. "Hold on a second. I'll get your surprise before we eat. Stay put."

"Yes, Sir!"

He disappeared from the kitchen and returned several minutes later with a wide grin on his lips and holding something behind his back. "Now, for the record I'm going to expect something in return for what I'm about to give you."

Tilting her head to the side, her eyes narrowed at him. "Like what?"

"I'm not at liberty to say right now, but just let it be known that sometime in the future, I'm not too sure when, I'll be calling in my reward."

"Oooookay."

"Agreed?"

She quickly nodded, squirming on her stool, anxious to see what he had for her. She felt like a child at Christmastime. "What is it?"

He pulled the item from behind his back and her mouth dropped as she slipped from the stool.

"Oh my God!" Tears welled up in her eyes and her body trembled as she took a few hesitant steps toward him. In his hands was her most valuable and prized of items that was stolen from her boutique: a red crocodile skin Birkin that she'd been selling for fifty thousand.

With a little squeal of excitement she rushed to him, throwing herself into his arms, nearly toppling his large frame backward from her excitement. She placed a series of kisses across his jaw and as she was about to pull away he pulled her closer and claimed her lips with his.

Her body froze at first, but then quickly responded remembering his body and a low moan rumbled in the back of her throat. Parting her lips, she invited him in. She loved the taste of the spices from the sauce on his lips and tongue. But more than that she loved the feel of his body against hers as she pressed tight against him.

The sound of the bag slipping from Dane's fingers brought her back to the reality of the situation and she pulled away from him, feeling breathless and confused. She'd been flirting with Dane, teasing, but she didn't intend for things to go beyond harmless flirting - or did she?

She'd decided it was to be Graham. Didn't she?

"So sorry. I -" He bent and picked the bag from the floor and passed it to her. "I hope I didn't damage it."

She accepted the bag and clutched it to her chest. "No. It's perfect." She couldn't believe she'd gotten it back. Under the ruse of pretending to examine the bag for any damage she took a moment to gather her emotions. "How did you get it?"

His smile returned. "It was a fluke to be honest. We were investigating a store for another crime and we came across the bags in the back, getting ready to be shipped overseas. I remembered your stolen bags and matched them up with your stolen list. You'll have to come to the station and claim them all and fill out the paperwork, but you should have them back within a week or two."

"How were you able to get this one out of the station?"

He gave her a lopsided grin. "Called in a favour. I know how much these bags mean to you and I wanted you to have it. And I remembered you said the most valuable ones were the weird leather and..." he motioned to the bag. "That one looks weird so I assumed it would mean a lot to you."

Her brow furrowed. "You listened to me chattering on about the types of bags last week?"

His face flushed and he avoided her gaze. "Of course." Brushing past her, he went back to the stove and pulled the pot of boiling pasta from the burner. "It's ready."

Still clutching the Birkin, she spun around and watched him. He wasn't supposed to be the sweet brother. He was supposed to be the one who fucked women, got bored and went on his way to the next conquest. He wasn't supposed to really care. Could it all be a ruse, a game to gain her affections so she'd sleep with him again and he could move on? She didn't think so and it confused the hell out of her.

~*~*~*~*~

~ Graham ~

Ahhh. Shit, should have called. Hope he made enough for the both of us. The sweet aroma of spaghetti sauce and garlic bread drifted to his nose as Graham stepped through the front door of Dane's house still in full uniform. The day had been one big disaster. It seemed like every call he got today was one stupid thing after another. Dane was an amazing cook, better even than their mother, even though he'd never admit it to Dane and certainly not to their mother, so Dane's spaghetti would definitely hit the spot.

He'd been tempted to go see Genevieve, nothing could lift his mood like her, but she wasn't answering her mobile and he wasn't the type to just pop into someone's place - other than his brother's place. As he shrugged off his jacket and placed it onto the closet he noticed a woman's black coat and hesitated as he considered leaving.

But curiosity over the identity of this mystery woman and the grumbling in his stomach were too much. I'll pop in, grab some food, meet Dane's chick of the week and be on my way. He heard a woman's laughter coming from the kitchen as he made his way into the house. It sounded familiar. His curiosity piqued, he increased his pace until he got to the threshold of the kitchen and his eyes were immediately drawn to the kitchen table. His brother was at one end of the table and Genevieve at the other.

He cleared his throat and both sets of eyes shot over to him.

His brother was the first to acknowledge him. "Hey man. Come on in. There's some supper left if you want some. Didn't realize you were coming or I'd have made more." He nodded toward Genevieve. "You remember Ginny."

"Hi, Graham."

"Genevieve."

He looked from one face to the other, attempting to appear nonchalant. "Am I interrupting anything?"

What the fuck is going on? His thoughts never made it to his mouth. His eyes locked with Genevieve's and he could have sworn he saw guilt flashing in her eyes. Guilt over what -

exactly? Forcing down the surge of jealousy that was rearing its head he made his way over to the cupboard and grabbed a plate from the overhead cabinet.

He heard a chair scratching the floor and heavy footsteps behind him as he scooped some spaghetti from the pot and then covered it with sauce. His brother came to stand at his side and leaned into him.

"What the fuck, man? What's with the attitude toward Ginny?" Dane kept his voice low, so Ginny wouldn't be able to hear.

Graham looked over his shoulder to eye Genevieve. She was focused on her plate, but just picking at her food. She apparently hadn't told Dane they'd gone out a few times. But on the other hand it wasn't like they'd had "the talk" and made things exclusive. They'd kissed a few times, but nothing heavier than that. And he hadn't told Dane either.

He redirected his attention to Dane. If she was seeing Dane behind his back then Dane certainly wouldn't be taking things slow like they were. If they were fucking he was done with her, no questions asked. But if she wasn't...

"What's she doing here?" Graham also kept his voice lowered.

Dane sliced a piece of garlic bread off of the loaf and plopped it onto Graham's plate. "We found her merchandise. By accident really, but it worked out for her. I thought it would be nice to tell her in person."

"So you're not like..." he attempted to sound dismissive and hoped Dane couldn't see through his facade. It was hard to hide anything he was thinking from his brother. It was a twin thing he supposed.

Dane sighed, turning his back to the counter and looking over at Genevieve. "No. I'd like to, but no." He clucked his tongue off of the roof of his mouth. "I'm not getting the right vibe from her yet. And I don't want to scare her off."

"Why do you think that is?"

"Dunno man, but I'll figure it out." He slapped Graham on the back and pushed off the countertop. "Grab a chair and take a load off. The Vegas thing is forgotten, it's all cool."

Graham battled with himself. Should he pull his brother aside and end this now? If he told Dane to back off chances are he would. But on the other hand if Dane was the one she wanted to be with then he didn't want to be the consolation prize. He was once, with Emma, and he wasn't about to be that again. He'd rather win her affections fair and square.

~*~*~*~*~

~ Genevieve ~

This was one of the most uncomfortable situations she'd ever been in. Worse even than the afternoon in Vegas when she realized she had gone down on the wrong brother.

It's your guilt chickie, if you really felt you weren't doing something wrong you wouldn't feel this way, her conscience nagged.

"So Genevieve, how've you been?" She could feel both sets of eyes burning into her and had no choice but to lift her eyes from her food to look up at Graham, who had seated himself next to her.

She forced a smile. "I'm better. Your brother found my inventory. It's a relief." She wanted to pull him aside and explain to him nothing was going on, but was scared doing that would make it look as though there was.

"I bet." He scooped up a helping of spaghetti, twirled it around his fork and shoved it into his mouth.

"How was your day?" That was the best she could come up with.

"Full of surprises." He smiled and redirected his attention back to his food. He speared another forkful of spaghetti and then looked over at her again. "Surprises just keep on coming really."

Fuck! I blew it. Shit, shit, shit. She was disgusted with herself. Her indecisive attitude came back to bite her in the ass. But when she looked from one brother to the other, examining them both, evaluating her emotions toward each, she knew who it had to be - that is, if she even had a choice anymore. She just needed him alone.

One thing she did know was that she needed to get out of there. Regroup. Give it some more thought.

She looked down at her watch and feigned shock. "Oh shit." She did her best to display an anxious expression, but she was a horrible actress. "I didn't realize the time. I gotta go."

Graham cocked a brow at her, seemingly amused. "Why? What's going on?" He motioned to his brother and back to him. "Anything we could help you with?"

"So soon?" Dane piped in, bewildered by her abrupt announcement.

"Ummm. Ahhh. Yeah." She got up so quickly from her chair that it nearly went toppling backward, had it not been for Graham's quick reflexes, grabbing it before it hit the floor. "Gotta meet a client. They were only available tonight. Ummm. Yeah."

She grabbed her precious Birkin bag and the Chanel bag she had brought with her. She directed her attention to the bewildered Dane and motioned toward the Birkin. "Thank you by the way. You have no idea how much this means to me." Without another look to Graham she scurried across the kitchen, her precious bags clutched to her chest.

"Here, I'll see you out." He started to stand.

She spun around at the threshold of the kitchen and put her hand up, stopping Dane from leaving the table. "No. No. It's okay. You guys finish your supper. I can see myself out."

She turned to leave, stopped and spun back around to face them again. Both men were staring at her, a mixture of amusement and puzzlement in their expressions. She pointed to Dane.

"Thank you for supper. It was incredible."

"My pleasure." He gave her a smile that told her there was more to his statement than simply accepting a compliment. She bit down on her lower lip, not even sure how to respond - so she didn't. Spinning around, she rushed from the kitchen and was out of the house within a minute.

Chapter 10

~ Graham ~

Graham spent the time at his brother's house mulling over Genevieve's reaction, barely listening to Dane's chatter about the day's big bust - the one that resulted in him getting Genevieve's merchandise back.

He was seeing her a little more clearly now. When things got tough or uncomfortable she fled. It happened in Vegas and happened again at his brother's place. Dane still didn't know he'd been seeing her, but had confessed to Graham that he'd gone to see her the previous week.

According to him, nothing had gone on between them aside from a brief kiss and Graham believed him. His brother had no reason to lie.

However, he suspected she did have some type of feelings toward his brother. He just needed to find out from her just what those feelings were. Had it not been midnight he would have broken his no pop-in rule and gone to see her, but that could wait until tomorrow. Perhaps it was for the best, it would give them both time to think. It would be apparent to her as it now was to him that if she were to be with either of them, the relationship would have to be out in the open.

Full disclosure. Especially considering the past the three of them shared - regardless of how brief.

He turned the corner and as he drove down his street, he noticed a car already parked in his driveway. As he drew closer, it became clear it was Genevieve's car. He wasn't expecting to see her tonight, but he also hadn't bought her lame excuse to leave either.

Had she been sitting in his driveway all night waiting for him to return home?

Slowing, he pulled into his driveway, parking next to her. She waited until he was out of his car and rounding his vehicle before getting out of hers.

"Hey," she said as she approached, avoiding his gaze.

"What are you doing here Ginny?"

She walked up to him and stopped. She didn't make an attempt to give him a hug or any kind of greeting - that worried him. She lifted her gaze from the area between their feet to meet his and he saw anxiety in her eyes.

He sighed, his mood softening. Thrusting his hand into his hair, he motioned toward the house. "Come on in, Ginny, and we can talk."

A tight smile formed on her lips. "All right."

He led her up the front steps and quickly unlocked the door. Stepping back, he allowed her to enter before him.

"This is a beautiful house."

"I like the older feel to it."

"How old is it?"

"I believe it was built in 1915. And of course remodeled over the years and upgraded. But it has many of the original features." The first room was the living room with cathedral ceilings and a glass chandelier in the center of the ceiling. The chandelier was easily one of the most striking features of the room, in his opinion.

"It's beautiful." Her eyes scanned the room as she did a 360-degree circle in the center. "It's got so much character."

Graham shrugged off his jacket, hung it on the coat rack and then helped her out of hers, placing it beside his. "So come on and sit down and let's have a talk."

She perched herself on the edge of the sofa and looked down at her hands, which were clasped in her lap. "I have to tell you something."

"All right." Pulling his gun from its holster, he undid his belt and placed it onto the maple coffee table in front of them and then sat down next to her. "What's on your mind?"

"I've been seeing Dane."

He leaned forward and placed his elbows on his knees, looking at her out of the corner of his eye. "All right. And?"

She chewed at her lower lip, refusing to look over at him. He could see the distress in her expression. It made him want to hold her, stroke her hair and tell her it would be okay. But he didn't know. He wouldn't know until she finished what she'd come to see him to say.

"I've seen him a couple times since he showed up at the store and tonight he kissed me." She frowned. "Or I kissed him. I'm not sure who or why. It just happened."

"You're attracted to him." Graham gritted his teeth. Of course she was attracted to Dane, he was the one who had picked her up in the first place. He was his identical twin for fuck sakes. Of course she would be.

She turned to face him, her eyes pleading with him. "He's so much like you. And so different at the same time. And after what happened with the three of us, it gets... confusing."

He turned as well so they were eye to eye. "I understand this is a hard situation. It's hard for me too. Do you think I like knowing my brother had you first? And that at any moment he could close his eyes and remember how you feel naked against him? But, I'm dealing with it because I want to be with you."

A hint of a smile tugged at the corner of her lips.

"If you want to be with me Ginny, then you need to talk to Dane and let him know there can't be anything between you two. You can't be on the fence, you need to make a decision. Had it been anyone else we wouldn't be having this conversation, but considering the circumstances I'm willing to be flexible - until now."

~ Genevieve ~

Oh, thank God! She wanted to throw herself into his arms, but held herself back. She'd driven around Staten Island for a couple of hours after leaving Dane's house, trying to get her thoughts together before ultimately parking in his yard and waiting for him to come home. She was grateful she'd been to his house a few days ago and remembered the address.

"So you're not angry?"

A hint of a smile touched his lips. "Oh yeah. Furious, but I've begun to care for you and I'm not willing to let you go unless you decide I'm not the one you want. But you need to decide right here, right now. I won't share you with my brother." He took her hands in his and it felt so good, it felt supportive and reassuring. A smirk touched his lips. "You can't have us both."

"I want you, Graham. Only you. I'm sorry, I... I don't -"

He slipped a hand to the back of her head and urged her forward. She trembled at his touch, leaning in and swiping her lips across his. "I'm sorry," she murmured against his lips.

"It's okay. I'm just glad this is settled," he whispered back. "Just stop talking for a minute and kiss me already."

Smiling, she allowed him to fully capture her lips, kissing her with such intensity her entire body ignited with desire. A burden had been lifted. Her decision was made and she could now finally give herself fully to the man she wanted. The man, she now realized, she was supposed to be with from the start.

She closed her eyes and allowed the waves of need and desire to rush through her as she repositioned herself so she was straddling his lap. Graham's hands slid around her waist and up under her shirt, his fingers digging into the flesh of her lower back. Her lips left his and she began to run a string of butterfly kisses along his jaw and to his neck, as her hands began to explore the hard lines of his chest beneath his uniform shirt.

Frustrated and needing to feel his warm flesh without the restriction of clothing, she pulled back, her eyes locking with his, and began to unbutton his shirt. To her surprise she found her hands shaking slightly, her fingers fumbling with the buttons. It was partially nerves, part anticipation and his growing erection beneath her was - distracting.

She sighed loudly as she finally finished with the final button and pushed the shirt off of his broad shoulders. Grabbing the bottom of his white t-shirt she tugged it up. Releasing her, he lifted his arms and allowed her to pull the garment up and off.

Sitting back onto his lap her eyes scanned every inch of exposed body, beginning at his shoulders and slowly moving downward. Her eyes landed upon two more scars, on his left side, just below his ribs. She traced the scars as he watched her intently.

"What happened?" She lifted her gaze to his jaw and traced the scar there with her index finger. "What are these from?"

He smiled. "A rookie mistake."

She frowned. "I think I'm going to need more information."

"I was attempting to arrest someone, a heroin addict, the first week I was on the force. I didn't pat him down well enough. He still had a knife and when I let my guard down he pulled out the knife and lunged at me. Got my jaw first and then took a couple jabs at my side. Luckily he didn't hit anything critical with the blade, but it certainly knocked me down a notch. I'd graduated top of the class at the academy so I guess I figured I was hot shit - invincible. Dane and I went to the academy together and I was a big braggart about graduating ahead of him. a few days in the hospital and banished to traffic duty for several months made me learn my lesson."

"That's horrible." It occurred to her just how dangerous his job could get. If the guy had gotten Graham in a different area, severed an artery, she wouldn't be sitting there straddling his lap planning on exploring every inch of his body.

"It's all in a day's work. And I've gotten more cautious. Lesson learned." Seeing the worry in her expression he pulled her to him and brushed his lips across her temple. "You don't have to worry. Okay?"

Wrapping her arms around his neck, she held tight to him, burying her face into the side of his neck. "All right." Her thoughts about his job were pushed to the back of her mind as the feel and smell of him reminded her of why she was currently straddling him and that she desperately wanted to see him without the remainder of his clothing.

Vegas had been such a surreal experience that she hadn't really had the chance to savour being with him. But tonight would be different.

She pulled back and kissed him, her hands moving to the waistband of his pants and she wiggled on his lap, riling up his thickening shaft. He groaned against her lips as she nipped at his lower lip, but his hands circled her wrists, stopping her from undoing his pants.

Confused, she pulled back. "What's wrong?"

He released her wrists, brought his left hand up to her face and tapped the face of his Swiss Army watch. "It's past midnight and I volunteered to take on an extra shift tomorrow morning.

Gotta be to work for 5am."

She frowned. "Oh, I'm sorry. I'll go. I didn't realize." Lowering her eyes from his, she attempted to wiggle from his lap, but he grabbed her waist and kept her secure on him.

"Hey, hey, hey. Where do you think you're going? I'm not letting you run away from me again."

"But... you gotta..." She looked toward the staircase that she assumed led to the bedrooms.

"So I was going to let you get some sleep. I never considered the time. I'm sorry."

"Hell no. You're not going anywhere tonight."

"But... but, you said you have to go to bed."

He grinned and stood, keeping her tight in his arms. Laughing, Genevieve wrapped her legs around his waist and held tight to him.

She raised a brow at him, continuing to grin. "So we're having a slumber party?"

"Hmmm. Yeah. Something like that." He carried her through the living room and up the stairs, shutting off the lights as he ascended.

"You know I can walk up the stairs on my own, right?"

"I know." He lowered his mouth to her neck and bit lightly, sending a spike of desire through her. "Maybe I prefer it this way."

Chapter 11

~ Graham ~

"It's kinda big," Genevieve called out from the bathroom next to the bedroom where she was changing into one of his t-shirts.

In just his boxer briefs Graham flopped himself onto the bed above the covers and laced his fingers behind his head, his eyes glued to the entrance of the bedroom, waiting for her to appear.

"You can always come to bed naked. I've seen you naked before, you realize that, right?" He was actually glad she'd asked for a shirt to change into; he suspected if she were naked next to him there wouldn't be much sleeping tonight. As it was he was sporting a semi-erection just thinking about her lying next to him.

"It'll do." She appeared in the doorway.

His erection went from semi-hard to full mast at the sight of her barefoot and wearing his grey NYPD t-shirt. She looked both adorable and sexy. It did indeed hang off of her and fell to mid-thigh.

She paused at the doorway, her face turning slightly pink. It amused him that the same woman who'd spent a night sandwiched between him and his brother would get a bout of shyness standing in his doorway with a t-shirt on.

"You can come in you know," he teased. He pulled open the blankets beside him and patted the vacant space. "Come on. I won't bite."

She smiled, her blush deepening. "I know, it's silly." She slowly began to make her way into the room. Crawling onto the bed, she sat back on her knees and caught his gaze. "Yeah, but it almost feels like our first time." She crinkled her nose up. "You know what I mean? It's silly I know."

Her eyes lowered down the length of his body and paused at his groin, where his dick was pressing against the material containing it. When her eyes wandered back up his body to meet his stare, the lust in her eyes made him groan inwardly. This was going to be hard. Real hard. Maybe he should have let her go home tonight, but he wanted her with him, even if it was just in his bed for the night with no sex involved.

She chewed at her lower lip as she peered down at him, the heat in her eyes increasing.

If I touch her I'm done for.

But he didn't have much of a choice as she straddled his waist and lowered herself onto him.

Her scent - sweet roses - filled his nostrils.

"You're making this really hard to keep to the no sex-o for tonight."

She moaned softly as her lips grazed the side of his neck. "Are you really sure?"

Placing his hands on the backs of her thighs, he slowly moved them upward, pushing the hem of the t-shirt up until his hands cupped her lace-covered bottom.

He swallowed and closed his eyes, trying to push down his desire.

"I want this to be special, Ginny. I'm trying to be gentlemanly here. But you're making it so hard."

She moved over him, rubbing her pelvis against his erection. A low growl like groan came from him and he pulled her tight against him, his hands squeezing her ass cheeks.

"I'm sorry," she murmured, lowering her head and placing a string of kisses across his chest.

"I don't think you are." His hands slipped under the lace and moved toward the apex between her legs. She moaned softly and pressed into his hands, tempting him with her moist heat.

Her soft moans and sighs were almost as enticing as the feel of her wetness as his fingers reached her pussy lips. She lifted her head and ghosted her lips across his. As their lips teased, he thrust a finger deep within her and she cried out against his lips. Her hips immediately began to grind on him as she began to fuck his fingers, which now were stroking her inner wall.

Holding herself up with one hand, she slipped her other hand between them, yanked down his boxer briefs, exposed his shaft and grasped him. As he stroked her inner core, she stroked him, stroking him harder and faster, keeping pace with his fingers within her.

His arousal was quickly coming to its breaking point. It was killing him not to rip her clothing from her body and take her hard and fast, filling her exquisite body with his seed.

"Fuck, Ginny," he groaned when her lips moved back to his neck, nipping and lashing the sensitive skin with her tongue. "I'm not going to last much longer if we keep this up."

She murmured something incoherent, and she bucked harder against his fingers, her pussy beginning to tighten and tremble around his probing digits. Her breathing became more rapid, and her soft moans became louder as she reached her climax. He knew he wasn't going to be long behind her; the tightening in his balls was becoming painful as he prepared for release.

"Oh God! Oh yes! So good. Oh my God!" she groaned into his ear, the warmth of her breath running through him. Her bucking over him became wild, while the stroking of him became more intense. She was going to bring him hard and fast.

He fought to hold on, but her cry out accompanied with the quivering of her around his fingers and the release of her fluids coating his hand and wrist was his undoing. His groan accompanied her whimpers of pleasure as the tension within his cock came to a head. He exploded, the evidence of his ejaculation gushing from him and coating both their stomachs.

She moaned a final time, her pussy reaching orgasm a final time. Spent, she collapsed onto him, releasing his depleted rod and pressing her face against his chest. He slid his hands up her back, under her shirt and held her tight to him as his heart rate slowly returned to normal.

"Mmmm. Now we can go to sleep," she murmured, a smile of satisfaction on her lips, slipping from him and cuddling to his side, her leg draped across his.

Chuckling, he kissed the top of her head and held her tight. "Yes, ma'am."

Her smile widened as she closed her eyes. She was asleep within minutes.

~*~*~*~*~*~

~ Genevieve ~

The entire morning Genevieve had been wearing a big, goofy grin on her face as she worked.

Even her customers picked up on it, inquiring about why she was in such a great mood. She felt like a teenager again, giddy and excited about the boy she liked in her class. It felt good.

Refreshing.

She'd woken up that morning to an empty bed, but Graham had left a note on the bedside table telling her to be dressed and waiting for him at 7pm for a surprise. It had been a long, long time since she'd been surprised with anything from a man. Even when Alex proposed to her, it wasn't a surprise, it was a conversation at his house and then he took her to the jewelry store for a ring; it was hardly romantic in any way. With each date with Graham she came to realize something; she'd dodged a bullet when Alex broke up with her.

Grabbing a stepladder, she made her way over to the left wall with a half-dozen scarves.

Climbing the ladder, she stretched to reach the top peg.

"God damn," she growled through clenched teeth, missing the peg on her first few tries.

Going to have to lower that peg. It was something she told herself every time she added inventory to it, but she never, ever got around to it. The door chimed, but she didn't pay any mind to the customer as she struggled to hook the scarves.

"I'll be right with you," she called out, not deterring from the task at hand. She heard footsteps coming up behind her so she made a small jump, attempting to hook them once and for all so she could attend to her customer.

A smile of triumph emerged on her lips as the hangers hooked onto the hook, but her smile quickly faded and a scream emerged from her lips as she lost her footing and she went toppling off of the stepladder. She closed her eyes, expecting to feel the hard impact of her body hitting the floor, but instead found herself being caught, with a strong arm under her legs and one under her back, and being pulled tight to her rescuer's chest.

A recognizable scent drifted to her nose even before her rescuer opened his mouth. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pressed tighter to him.

"Graham?" She opened her eyes and caught the gaze of Dane.

"Wrong brother, baby." Despite her error, he grinned, keeping her in his arms and tight to him.

"Oh, Dane." She ranked a hand through her hair, brushing a stray lock of hair that had slid over her eyes out of her face. "What are you doing here?"

He slowly released her and set her back onto her feet. "I'm here to take you to lunch."

She searched her brain, wondering if she'd agreed to have lunch with him the previous night; she couldn't recall such a conversation.

"I was in the area and thought you might want to grab a sandwich at the deli down the street,"

he further explained.

"I see." She took a couple of steps back from him and sighed. While originally she was supposed to tell Dane, Graham had decided that he would speak to Dane about the new status of their relationship, but looking up into Dane's eyes she realized that hadn't happened yet.

"Have you seen Graham today?"

He shook his head. "Nah. He's busy at a crime scene."

Her green eyes widened. "What kind of crime scene?"

"Double murder suicide. In Brooklyn, I think." He blew out a puff of air. "I'm sure he'll call when he's done. There's always lots of press and nosy people who'll hang around a crime scene in hopes of getting a glimpse of the corpse and get the juicy details of the crime. People can be such morbid nosy fuckers."

She cringed. "I can't imagine wanting to see something like that."

"Yeah, well. It's part of the job." He clapped his hands, his eyes scanning the store. "So what's the verdict? Will you do one of New York's finest the honor of having lunch with him?"

God, this is hard. She sighed. She supposed lunch wouldn't hurt and she could tell him about her and Graham at the same time. She'd felt it should be her to tell him anyhow - she was the one to create the mess by seeing both brothers, she felt it was her job to make it right - but Graham had insisted on taking care of it.

Graham isn't here and Dane is so might as well get it over with, she mused.

~ Dane ~

"How is it?" Dane asked, as she took a big mouthful of her ham and cheese deli sub.

She nodded, giving him a thumbs up while chewing. She swallowed. "Wonderful."

They ate in silence. It was uncomfortable.

Something about Genevieve's demeanour wasn't sitting right with him. She was tense; she hadn't been tense around him since they'd had the talk at her place. It made him wonder if it had been seeing Graham last night that had her worked up. The moment Graham stepped foot into his house her mood had changed and suddenly she had an appointment. He hadn't believed it for a second.

"So what's going on, Ginny?" Might as well stop beating around the bush and get down to it.

"We need to talk." She kept her eyes downcast, staring at her hands, fingers laced together in front of her.

He laughed. "You breaking up with me before we even become a couple?" he teased.

She lifted her green eyes and he saw he'd hit a nerve with her.

"I've been spending time with Graham."

His jaw clenched, but he fought to keep a smile on his lips. "And what does that mean exactly?" Her eyes lowered again, but he refused to let her look away. Leaning across the small two-person table, he hooked his index finger under her chin, forcing her eyes to meet his.

"What are you saying? You're with my brother?" He attempted to keep himself calm. He was the one who had made the stupid decision to share her in the first place.

But, that was before I got to really know her. She was supposed to be a one-night stand. I didn't realize I'd want her like this.

"Yes," her answer came out as barely more than a whisper. "I'm sorry."

"Motherfucker." He hadn't meant to say it out loud, but seeing her jerk away from him and sit back in her seat made him realize he'd voiced his displeasure.

He groaned inwardly. It wasn't her fault.

"I'm sorry, Ginny. It's complicated. I'm not upset with you. Disappointed, very disappointed.

But not upset."

His mind went racing back to Emma. She'd been his and she'd also chosen Graham in the end. And Graham had let it happen. He'd taken Emma and now Genevieve. Anger boiled up within him. After all the bullshit they'd been through to get back to a good place with each other after Emma, to be brothers again, he'd pulled this shit... again! His brother needed to learn to find his own fucking women!

"I gotta go," he announced, bundling up the remainder of his sandwich and stuffing it into the paper bag it came in.

She followed suit, gathering up her garbage and standing with him, depositing her garbage in the can by the door.

His mood softened as he looked down at her unsure expression. He doubted she knew much about Emma and his rocky past with his brother. She didn't deserve to be pulled into his family feud.

"I'm serious, Ginny, I'm fine. We're fine." He hesitated, but gently pulled her into his embrace. He knew he should just be happy for his brother and Ginny. He hadn't staked a claim on her, or told Graham he was interested. Maybe being happy for them would be the brotherly thing to do, but maybe he wasn't that great of a brother, because he wasn't happy. All he felt towards Graham at that moment was anger. She was the first woman he'd seriously considered settling down with. He genuinely felt she could have been it for him. Maybe when they'd gotten to know each other better he'd have discovered she wasn't, but dammit, because of Graham he'd never know.

"I'm sorry," she muttered, holding tight to him. "I do care for you..."

"Please don't, Ginny." He didn't want to hear anymore. He did, however, have a lot to discuss with his brother.

~*~*~*~*~*~

~ Graham ~

Graham sighed as he removed his bulletproof vest and hung it up in his locker at the precinct.

It had been one bugger of a day and he was glad it was finally over and he could get to more pleasant things - like his date with Genevieve.

He began mentally running through a checklist of things to do before he picked her up; florist, box office...

"You motherfucker!"

Graham frowned, turning toward his brother's voice. He didn't have a chance to reply as Dane's fist connected with his jaw, sending him back against his locker. He rubbed his jaw, glaring at his brother, aware that several other officers in the locker room around him had stopped what they were doing to watch and see if the conflict worsened.

"I'll give you that one Dane, but you won't get another."

Dane smirked. "Have you considered getting your own women for a change?"

"You spoke with Ginny."

"Yeah. You fucking knew I was into her."

Graham huffed. "You're into all women, she's just the piece of ass for the week to you."

"She was still mine." His anger flared up in his eyes and Graham braced himself for things to become physical. Dane was a fists first, talk later type of guy.

"She deserves someone who will give her a real relationship. I didn't steal a fucking thing. I didn't steal Emma and I sure as hell didn't steal Genevieve. She made the choice. They both did, because you can't fucking commit to anyone. You're more interested in how many women's pussies you can shove your dick into than realizing you already have the perfect woman."

Dane stepped up to him, less than a foot separating the two men. Graham was vaguely aware of the other officers preparing to pull them apart.

"That's none of your business. It doesn't change the fact they were mine and you stole them like some slimy piece of shit."

Despite his attempt to keep his cool, Graham's anger boiled up. He was so tired of Dane passing the buck. He'd swallowed his pride and taken responsibility for Emma even though he'd never believed he was in the wrong with her, just to reconcile with Dane. Dane had been done with her, she went to him and he gave her what she thought she wanted. In the end he was the one that lost out, not Dane.

"I didn't steal a fucking thing from you. I did you a fucking favour with Emma, otherwise it would be you with a divorce after finding her fucking the delivery man." He was losing his grasp on the last bit of restraint he had. He could hear the murmurs around them of the other officers, but ignored them. They needed to have it out once and for all.

"Serves you right. I didn't give Emma up and you knew I was into Ginny. I didn't give up a thing."

"You gave her up when you decided to share her," Graham growled through clenched teeth.

A low feral growl emerged from Dane as he lunged, a fist pulled back and intent on colliding against Graham's jaw. Graham moved just in time; Dane's fist slammed into the metal locker beside his head, leaving an imprint. Hunkering down, Graham lunged at his brother, colliding with his midsection and the two went toppling backward, over the bench situated between the strings of lockers. As they fell, Graham took a shot and slammed his fist into Dane's abdomen and was rewarded with a low-winded grunt.

But his victory was short-lived as Dane managed to buck and flip Graham onto his back, slamming his fist into his face a second time. His ears began to ring, but he shook his head, clearing his mind and blocking with his forearm another blow headed toward his face.

Dane's fist pulled back again, but before he could make the punch he was pulled off and away from Graham by a couple of officers. Anger, resentment and adrenaline raced through Graham as he leapt to his feet and charged Dane, slamming a fist into his stomach and then a second to his jaw. His third punch was interrupted by several officers pulling him away from his opponent.

"This isn't over, brother," Dane snarled, wiping his bleeding jaw with the back of his hand.

A metallic taste filled his mouth and Graham became aware of a throbbing pain in his mouth.

He swept his tongue along his lower gum line and discovered a tooth had been dislodged and a hole was present in the lower left side, halfway between the front tooth and the molars.

"You punched out my tooth, asshole!"

Dane grinned, satisfaction flashing in his eyes. "Good."

Chapter 12

~ Dane ~

"I don't know what the fuck is going on between you two and I don't give a rat's ass, quite frankly." Their captain looked from Dane to Graham and back again. "I've been told you started it."

Dane jerked his head in the direction of Graham. "That asshole started it. I was just finishing it."

The older gentleman sighed and sat back in his leather chair on the opposite side of his desk and gave his head a shake. "I can't have you two fighting in the locker rooms, or anywhere else in my precinct for that matter. You can pound the living shit out of each other when you're off duty, but when you're in my house I expect you two to behave like officers of the law, not a couple of testosterone-filled teenagers."

Dane rubbed his jaw and then smirked. He may have a sore jaw, but Graham was short a tooth; bastard deserved it.

"What the fuck are you smiling at Dane? Are you hoping for a suspension without pay?

Because I can happily do that for you."

"No Sir."

"It has come to my attention as well that it was over some chick," his captain stated, his expression remaining bleak.

Dane glared at Graham. "My brother doesn't know how to get his own women, he needs to go after my sloppy seconds."

"Funny, for someone who feels that way, you seem to get pissed off enough about it,"

Graham growled.

"Because it isn't cool, man. You don't go after your brother's women."

"Ginny was never really yours, Dane."

"I found her first. I only did you a courtesy by letting you fuck her."

"Didn't realize that finders keepers also applied to women you're not even committed to.

Grow up Dane!"

"Emma was mine!"

"We're not talking about Emma, asshole. And you two had broken up because you didn't want to marry her."

"Good thing I have a brother like you to swoop in and give her what she wants for me." He laughed. "Well, until the FedEx guy came around anyhow."

"Enough!" Their captain's scream, his voice echoing off the walls, gained the attention of several of the officers outside of his closed office.

Both men froze, their anger at each other forgotten as they redirected their attention back to their captain, who was once again leaned over his desk glaring at them.

"I've had enough of both of you. This is how it's going to go. You two are going to drop this ridiculous sibling rivalry you seem to have going on between you. You're grown men for fuck sakes not teenagers. If you don't drop it then you both will be on unpaid suspension. If after the suspension you two still can't find a common ground then you'll both be out of a job. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes, Sir." Both refusing to look at the other one, they nodded in unison.

"Good. Now ask yourselves: Is some chick worth your career and your relationship with each other?"

Dane sighed, raking a hand through his hair and chancing a glance over at Graham. Was she really worth it? Maybe Graham was right. Emma left him because she wanted to be married and he wouldn't commit to her. She'd waited for him to come around, but he'd made it clear he wasn't interested in marriage and kids and all that went along with it. He'd even refused to allow her to move in with him, because he didn't want her smothering him.

Graham on the other hand embraced life as a couple. And ultimately Graham's marriage ended because Emma wasn't over Dane, she'd used Graham as a substitute. It was that realization that allowed him to forgive Graham in the first place, even though technically Graham hadn't been in the wrong to begin with.

But what if Graham was right about Genevieve? What if he pushed and she decided to choose him over Graham after all? Or Graham decided to end it to make him happy? Would he be able to give her the future she wanted? If he was honest with himself, he saw there was a good chance he wouldn't be despite entertaining the possibility she was the one. Genevieve had been through enough with her old fiance, she didn't need his games and commitment issues fucking her over a second time.

He looked over at Graham and sighed, "I'm sorry Graham. I overreacted."

"Ya think?" Graham turned his head to stare at his brother. "I lost a tooth because of you."

Dane chuckled. "With that ugly mug, won't make a difference."

"We're twins, idiot."

"So are we fine here? Or does a suspension sound good for the both of you?" their captain asked, visibly finished with the whole ordeal.

"Yeah. We're fine."

"Yeah," Graham seconded his reassurance.

"Good. Get out of my sight, I have real work to do."

"How about we go get a beer and talk this through," Dane suggested as they exited the office, closing the door behind them.

Graham looked hesitant but nodded. "Yeah. It's best we clear the air. I don't want a rehash of what happened with Emma. I really don't."

~*~*~*~*~

~ Genevieve ~

It was 8pm and not a sight or word from Graham. She'd called twice and sent a few text messages. Nothing. With a sigh she moved away from the window that overlooked the street and flopped down on the sofa. Her brief and awkward conversation with Dane had been on her mind. One section of their conversation in particular came to mind - the fact Graham was manning a murder crime scene. What if something happened? What if he got hurt?

Panic began to seep into her. What if he wasn't answering because he was in the hospital - or worse? Ten minutes passed and her anxiety increased until the point she had her phone in her hands and preparing to phone the precinct.

After looking up the number she quickly input the numbers and then sat with her finger hovering over the key, not sure if she should dial or not. Just as she made the final decision to press the button, the buzzer for her apartment rang.

Oh, thank God!

Leaping from the sofa, she rushed across the room and pressed the intercom. "Hello."

"Ginny. It's me. Buzz me up."

Genevieve frowned. It sounded like him, but he didn't quite sound right. Without question she pressed the buzzer opening the security lock on the front door. As she waited she stood in front of the full-length mirror and examined her reflection. Her make-up was still perfectly applied and her black knee-length pencil dress accented her figure perfectly. He'd love it.

A wide smile emerged on her lips when the knock came at her door - loud and insistent.

"Ginny!" Graham yelled from the other side of the door, followed by more loud knocking.

"I'm here!"

What in the hell? She rushed to the door and without bothering to look through the peephole flung it open, scared he'd disturb her overly anal neighbours with the noise.

"What are you -" her mouth dropped open at the sight of him. He looked seriously fucked up.

One hand held a bouquet of mangled flowers, presumably picked from the flower beds outside, and the other a half-drunk bottle of beer.

"Hey, Ginny." He took a step over the threshold and thrust the flowers at her. He faintly smelled of beer and was still wearing his uniform pants and white undershirt.

She gingerly accepted the flowers, noticing that some had been yanked out of the ground and still contained the roots. She was so confused she couldn't be angry. There was no doubt whatever he had originally planned for the evening had gone straight out the door.

"What's going on, Graham?"

He walked past her and into the apartment, clucking his tongue off of the roof of his mouth.

"Dane and I had a talk." Surprisingly he wasn't slurring his words although they sounded heavy and his walking was a little off kilter.

She didn't have to ask what about. Closing the door, she took his hand and pulled him over to the sofa. Sitting down, she patted the vacant spot next to her. As he sat she noticed a minor blackening of his eye and a cut on his upper lip, which was slightly swollen.

"Oh my God, what happened to you?"

"Dane." He took another drink of his beer, finishing up the contents of the bottle.

Her eyes widened. "Were you guys in a fight?"

"Bingo." He smiled wide and she noticed a missing tooth several teeth in from the front. She was sure he'd had all his teeth the previous evening.

"And your tooth?" Her heart sank. She didn't want them fighting over her and certainly didn't want them coming to blows with each other.

This is my fault. All my fault.

He grinned as wide as possible. "Arrr. I'm a pirate now."

Her hand flew to her mouth, not sure if she should laugh at his antics or cry because she was the cause of it. A giggle escaped her while tears formed in her eyes.

"Don't worry." He graced her with a wink. "I got a few good whacks in myself."

"When did this happen?"

"After my shift. He found me in the locker room. No big deal." He waved a dismissive hand at her. "We fight all the time."

"With your fists?" She looked down at the flowers in her hand and placed them on the coffee table, wiping the soil from her hands on a napkin.

He did say he was going to surprise me, she mused, I'm thoroughly surprised.

"Nah, it's been a while for that... we were about due really."

"Are you drunk?"

"Wha'? No. No. No. Just had a few beers. That's all. We worked it out over beer."

She gave him a dubious look, but didn't challenge him on the drunk issue.

"Oh shit! Wait!" He stood up quickly and collapsed back onto the sofa.

"Oh God, are you okay Graham? Do you need some water? Aspirin?"

"We have a date tonight. I was supposed to give you the date of a lifetime." He leaned forward, placing his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands. "I just need a minute and we can go."

She shook her head. "Nope. The only place we're going is to the bedroom to get you undressed and in bed." She imagined that between him only having two and a half hours sleep the previous night, the long day at work at some grotesque crime scene, the blows to the head he'd received and the alcohol, the best thing for him at the moment was sleep.

"I'm fine." He lifted his head, attempted a smile and stood. "Let's go."

She laughed and took his hand. "Only place you're going is bed." She gave his hand a tug, leading him to the bedroom.

"I'm fine Ginny, really."

She ignored him, flicking on the light as she led him into the bedroom. "You have the next couple of days off right?"

"Yeah."

"Well then we can spend the day together tomorrow. You're going to bed."

"I don't want to impose." As he protested she busied herself stripping his clothes from his body. "I really don't need you fussing."

She looked up at him, determination flashing in her eyes. "Yeah. You do. So stop arguing and finish getting undressed. I'll get you some aspirin. I want you completely naked by the time I get back. I'll wash your clothes while you sleep." She didn't wait for a response, but heard a dry "Yes, Ma'am" as she exited the room, making her grin.

Making a side trip to the living room she picked up her makeshift bouquet of flowers and made her way into the kitchen. After shaking the soil from the roots of the flowers she found a vase, filled it with water and placed them inside, arranging them so they looked as good as a bunch of random flowers could.

"May not be roses, but it's the thought," she murmured to herself with a smile on her lips, grabbing a bottle of water from the fridge and then grabbing the bottle of aspirin.

"Okay, I've got umm-" She skidded to a halt just inside the doorway of the bedroom.

Graham was completely naked, sprawled out spread-eagle on top of the comforter sound asleep.

Chapter 13

~ Genevieve ~

The smell and sound of bacon sizzling woke Genevieve. She stretched and groaned softly.

"You awake?"

Her eyes sprung open to see Graham wide awake and smiling, standing in the doorway of the bedroom in just the boxers she'd washed the previous night. She returned his smile, sitting up in bed.

"I am. Something smells amazing."

"Tastes amazing too. Stay put." His eyes drank every inch of her in. "And no need to rush in getting dressed on my account." He gave her a wink before turning and disappearing from the doorway.

Doing as told she remained in bed and waited for his return. When he did return, there was a silver platter in his hands. On the platter was a plate of breakfast, glass of orange juice and a vase with red roses in it.

"Awww, you didn't have to do that."

"Yeah, I did." He placed the platter on the night side table next to the bed and sat down next to her.

Grabbing the vase of roses she brought them to her nose and inhaled their fragrance. "When did you go get the roses?"

"As soon as I woke up and saw the bouquet I gave you last night I ran to the store." He cringed. "I'm sorry. You have no idea how sorry I am about last night."

"How are you feeling?" The bacon smelled too good and she was helpless to resist it any longer. Putting the roses back on the tray she grabbed the plate he prepared for her and popped a piece of bacon into her mouth. He looked better. The swelling in his lip was gone and the darkness around his eye had lightened - slightly.

"Much better. Between the lack of sleep and beer."

She leaned over and kissed him softly. "I understand."

"But the good news is that I've finally got things settled with Dane." He grimaced. "At least I think I did; things started getting hazy as the evening progressed."

"Can I ask what the deal is with your ex?" She'd been wanting to ask since he'd mentioned he'd been married, but didn't want to pry. After the outburst from Dane, she felt it was something she needed to know and couldn't hold her curiosity any longer.

Graham sighed and stretched out on the bed beside her, on his back with his fingers laced behind his head. "Well, she'd been with Dane for a couple of years and she wanted to get married. Dane, however, cared for her, maybe even loved her, but he didn't want to settle down.

He likes the fast life with no one telling him what to do or tying him down."

"I see."

"So she had enough and he was sick of her nagging for something more serious so they broke up. She presented him with an ultimatum and for lack of a better way of explaining it, he told her to not let the door hit her in the ass on her way out. Not too long afterward she started calling me and dropping by. Eventually things got serious between us and to make a long story short I gave her what she wanted. But I wasn't really what she wanted."

"I don't get it."

"I think she always wanted Dane. She married me because I was a Dane substitute. I didn't see that at the time, but realize that now." He shot her a rueful grin.

"Has Dane ever considered taking her back after you two split?"

Graham laughed. "Hell no. Dane holds grudges, he saw her going to me as a betrayal even though they were broken up at the time and had been for some time. Dane and I always had an agreement to never date someone the other has been with. I broke that rule to be with Emma and Dane and I had a severe falling out over it. He even refused to attend the wedding. I think he still had a thing for her, but he just wouldn't admit it."

"Then why be with her if it meant you'd have issues with your brother?"

"I was stupid. I love being part of a couple and I did have a connection with her, or thought I did." He shrugged. "Truth is I want to be married and have babies and grow old with someone. I just picked the wrong girl to do that with. And in truth, I knew Dane would eventually accept it."

Genevieve let out a loud huff of air and nodded. "So how are your feelings toward Emma now?" The last thing she wanted was a rebound guy. She doubted her healing heart could handle being left for someone else so soon after Alex.

"I have no feelings, good or bad really. Embarrassment would be about it since we split because she was fucking the FedEx guy. Which, let me tell ya, Dane won't let me forget. Either way, she's part of the past and that's about it."

She caught his eyes and nodded. She knew everything she needed to know and she had no intention of wasting any more of their day discussing Emma or Alex. Graham was right, now that Dane was on the same page as them there was nowhere to look but forward.

"In that case, on to more enjoyable topics. So what did you have planned for last night anyhow?"

He leaned forward and kissed her forehead. "Can't say or I'd be giving away what we're doing today. You're not opening the store today are you?"

She shook her head, turning her attention back to the breakfast in front of her and popping another piece of bacon in her mouth. "Nope, I don't open on Sundays until December through New Years. I work from open to close almost every day so I like having at least one day off."

"Do you have any employees?"

She shrugged. "One. Brittany, but I haven't needed her since the break-in and she's a university student so her studies come first. I brought her in for the afternoon a couple of days ago."

"Could she have..."

"No. She doesn't even have a key." She gave him a lopsided grin. "I guess I have some trust issues when it comes to the store. Dane already checked into her despite my telling him it was a waste of time and she was clean."

Finishing the rest of her breakfast, she removed the tray from her lap and placed it on top of the night stand. She repositioned herself, stretching out beside him and cuddling to his side.

Nipping at the side of his neck, she was rewarded with a low groan coming from him.

Encouraged, she slipped her hand onto his stomach, tracing the lines of muscle. Her fingers moved lower, until they reached the waistband of his boxers.

"No. No no no." Graham's hand shot out, grasping her wrist lightly and moving her hand back up to his chest, despite his rapidly growing erection. "This hasn't changed a thing. We have a day of fun and excitement planned. You're not distracting me with sex."

She groaned, rolling over to her back and rolling her eyes. "Fine. Woo me then."

Laughing, he sat up and slid from the bed. "Get ready and dress comfortably. It's going to be a packed day."

"But if we wear ourselves out with activities today then how are we going to have energy for tonight?"

"Trust me, I'll have plenty of energy for tonight." He winked and exited the room. "Now get your ass moving!" he shouted from the other room.

A day of fun and excitement, huh? She smiled. She couldn't wait.

~*~*~*~*~

~ Graham ~

This wasn't what he'd planned for the previous night, but looking at the look of excitement in her eyes and smile on her lips, he was actually glad those plans got derailed. He wasn't sure if Coney Island was something she'd be into, but from what he could tell, he couldn't have picked a better date.

"Oh damn. He's not going to put that in his nose!" Her nose crunched up and she buried her face against Graham's chest, periodically looking at the carnie who was about to shove a moving drill up his left nostril. The carnie turned the drill on and she let out a little, barely audible "eek"

sound, but turned her head so she could watch.

Instead of watching the carnie, Graham's eyes were on her. With each inch the carnie pushed the drill into his nostril the wider her eyes got. By the time the drill was fully entrenched in his nose and he began to move it in and out her mouth had dropped open into a big O to match her wide eyes.

The carnie pulled the drill from his nose to a round of cheers and whistles.

"Thank you everyone. Have a great visit." His announcement of being done was greeted by groans of disappointment, but people quickly left the room in search of their next thrill.

Genevieve pulled away from him and gave his hand a tug. "Aren't we leaving?"

"Nope."

"Holy shit, about time you came around here, asshole." The carnie leapt down from the stage and made his way over to Graham and Genevieve.

Genevieve's body froze, her brow furrowing as she watched the carnie approach them. She leaned into him, whispering., "You know him?"

"He's my cousin."

"I'm Kirk." He extended his hand to Genevieve. "Since you don't know who I am I guess my suspicion that I'm the black sheep of the family is justified."

"Genevieve." She hesitated then grasped his hand, giving him a smile as their hands shook.

"You're cousins?"

Kirk released her hand and stepped into him, giving Graham a brief hug before stepping back. Grabbing a black band from his pocket Kirk pulled his shoulder-length scraggly black hair into a ponytail. With his hair tied back, his tattoos - a combination of flames and chains circling his neck went on full display.

Graham nodded. "Yup. We have a diverse group of people in our family, you'll see." He waited for her response, watching her expression.

"I bet." She smiled.

Kirk hooked his thumb in Graham's direction. "He show you any tricks?"

Oh fuck me, Graham groaned inwardly.

She tilted her head to the side, looking up at him questioningly. "Tricks?"

"Yeah, tricks. We came here to learn the trade together. He pussied out after the fire eating and refused to swallow the swords. Decided to sell out and become a cop instead."

"I didn't sell out."

Kirk ignored him, jerking his thumbs in his own direction. "When I do things I go all the way." He gave Genevieve a suggestive smile and wink. "Keep that in mind when you get bored of him."

Her cheeks turned a rosy colour as she turned her attention back to him. "So, you fire eat?"

Graham nodded, becoming slightly embarrassed himself. "Yup."

"And you were planning on becoming a carnie?"

"Yup." When it looked like she was going to burst out laughing he put a finger to her lips.

"But keep in mind, I was eighteen and it seemed like a good idea at the time."

"Stay there. I'll be right back."

Before Graham could respond Kirk rushed out back and a couple of minutes later he reappeared with a bottle of oil, two performance torches and lighter. Kirk's expression was determined as he set his eyes on Graham.

"Fuck no, man. I'm not..." He hadn't practiced in a couple of years and he didn't want to embarrass himself - or worse - in front of Ginny. He was beginning to regret bringing her to Coney Island after all.

Kirk thrust the items at him. "Don't be a pussy, women dig a man who can do a trick or two."

Genevieve released his hand and went to stand beside his cousin, crossing her arms over her chest and hitting him with a challenging smirk. "Yeah. Come on, show me what ya got."

Well, fuck. He looked from his cousin to Genevieve and back again. "It's been a couple years since I've done this. I'm not even very good at it."

Kirk elbowed Genevieve and nodded. "Yeah. That's why he dropped out of carnie school, couldn't handle it."

"Fine, I'll eat the fire, I'm not doing a blowout."

His cousin turned to face Genevieve full on. "I'd do a blowout for you. That's just all I'm saying."

Fuck, I'm looking bad by the family kook. "Fine." He looked directly at Genevieve, waiting for her to turn her attention from Kirk back to him. When she did he shook the closed bottle at her. "Do you really want to see me potentially singe off my eyebrows showing you a blowout?"

Excitement flashing her eyes, she eagerly nodded her head. "Oh yea, yes yes please. Would love it."

With a sigh of resignation he gave in. Opening the bottle of oil he dipped the two torches in, dosing the wicks, and then set it on a nearby table. Placing both torches in one hand he quickly lit them and tossed the lighter onto the table next to the oil.

"You seriously want to see this?" he asked Ginny, already knowing the answer.

She nodded, smiling wider than he'd ever seen.

"Fine." Bending back so his open mouth was aligned with the ceiling he brought the first torch to his mouth and quickly snuffed it out, closing his lips around it. He quickly removed the extinguished torch and then did the same thing with the second.

Ginny squealed and clapped as he straightened and took a small bow for her benefit.

"Are you going to show me the other thing?"

"Yes." Grinning he grabbed the lighter and relit one torch. He looked at the oil; it had been a while but he still remembered how bloody awful the stuff tasted.

"Over here hun, we don't want to be in the line of fire," he heard Kirk say as he moved her over to Graham's left.

Taking a swig and keeping the oil in his mouth, he took a deep breath, stared at the torch for a minute and blew the oil onto the flame. A whoosh sound echoed through the room and a massive ball of fire flared out starting from the torch and extending out and up eight feet in the air.

"Holy shit. That's awesome! Oh my God!"

He smiled hearing Ginny's excitement as he extinguished the torch and spit out the remainder of oil from his mouth, before wiping his lips with the back of his hand.

As soon as he placed the torches on the table, Ginny threw herself into his arms, pulling him into an enthusiastic hug. "That was so cool!" She reached up and kissed his lips, but quickly pulled away, making a face of disgust and swiping at her lips with the back of her hand. "Oh that's so gross."

"Are you happy now?" He smiled down at her, pleased he could make her happy with such a small thing.

"Absolutely."

"Good, now let's let Kirk get back to work, or what he considers work anyhow." He caught Kirk's gaze and smiled, making a mental note to make an effort to hang with Kirk more frequently. They'd been close as teenagers and into their early twenties, but the years caused a separation as years sometimes do with families.

"Hey man, I get paid and laid for this. Living the dream," Kirk interjected. He motioned to the room. "This could have all been yours."

Graham looked down at Genevieve and nodded. "I think I have everything I need right now."

Chapter 14

~ Genevieve ~

The day had been a whirlwind of activities and by the time they got to his house she had just enough energy left in her to walk over to his beige suede sofa and collapse onto it as she waited for Graham to get them a couple of wine coolers from the fridge.

"Don't tell me I've worn you out."

Genevieve smiled as she looked up and saw Graham crossing the room with two coolers in his hands. "Exhausted me, yes. I'm glad I listened to you and wore jeans and a t-shirt."

"So you enjoyed yourself?" He placed the coolers on the glass coffee table and sat down next to her, pulling her against him, her back to his front.

"It was so much fun. I work all the time, at least it has been that way since I opened the store, and whenever I did go out it was to stuffy dinner functions." She didn't have to tell him they were Alex's stuffy events, she knew it was a given.

He wrapped his arms around her and gave her a soft squeeze. "Yeah, well. I don't think you're going to have to worry about stuffy formal events with me."

She relaxed into his arms, letting her head fall back against his shoulder and sighed - amen to that. "I can't believe you can do that whole fire-eating thing. It was really cool. Although I really can't see you being a carnie."

Graham chuckled. "Yeah, neither can I to be honest."

"Then why did you want to do the training?"

"I was younger, thought fire eating was cool. Kirk got the crazy idea of taking the classes and it wasn't hard for him to convince me to go along and give it a try."

"So why didn't you continue?" She turned in his arms as he repositioned himself so he was lying flat on his back, so she was stretched out over his body, staring down at him.

Graham laughed a little harder. "Meh, the fire eating is fun, even though I don't do it anymore. I actually got a kick out of it and it really makes you the life of the party, but shoving swords down my throat and drilling my nose. Nah, it wasn't my thing, I really hadn't thought it through."

Genevieve stroked the side of his face; despite shaving that morning a shadow was beginning to form on his jaw. "Today was one of the best days I've ever had. Thank you."

He smiled. "You're welcome. Although I think the day I met you would have been mine."

She cocked her brow at him, a saucy grin spreading across her lips. "You mean the day you let me blow you without telling me I had the wrong person?"

He cleared his throat, a flash of guilt passing through his eyes. "What I mean is the fact I met you. Not necessarily the circumstances..."

She loved seeing him squirm and couldn't resist teasing him further. "So you didn't enjoy my lips on you?"

He groaned, shifting under her, an erection beginning to form in his jeans.

Sitting up on him, straddling his lap, she undid his belt and pants. "So, do you think maybe I should try again?" she shrugged, pulling her lower lip between her teeth. "I mean, I don't want you to get the impression that I'm horrible at it. I would like to have a second chance."

He took a deep breath in and slowly released it. "I, ummmm. Yeah. I'm good with giving you another shot."

Grinning, Genevieve hooked her thumbs into the belt loops of his jeans and tugged them down. Grabbing the waistband of his boxer briefs, she gave them a yank down, exposing his erection to her. The yearning between her legs ignited at the sight of his beautiful cock, proud and ready to pleasure her in any way she wanted it to.

She wiggled her way down the length of his body until her mouth was hovering over his member. Grasping his dick she lazily began stroking him, lifting her gaze from his member to meet his eyes. Hunger flared up in his blue eyes, causing another stir between her legs.

Ducking her head, she lashed out her tongue and flicked at one of his balls. His body tensed and he inhaled sharply, his fingers slipping into her hair and grasping the back of her head. Her tongue lashed out at the second ball and was rewarded with another groan. Smiling, she softly sucked one ball into her mouth, teasing it with her tongue. His entire body vibrated and his fingers fisted into her hair, as she released the first ball to suck in the second.

"Very good. Oh, very good," he growled.

She released his ball and grinned, looking back up at him. "So better than in Vegas?" She didn't wait for a reply, which ended up being a groaning sound, but ran the tip of her tongue along the side of his shaft and then circled the head before sucking it onto her mouth and toying with the slit.

"So incredible, Ginny."

Grasping the base of his shaft in her hand she began to stroke the base while her mouth moved up and down on him, her tongue circling and teasing with each up and down motion. It didn't take long before he was bucking up into her mouth, the head of his cock slamming against the back of her throat with each thrust.

She moaned around his cock and he groaned with her, the vibrations of her moans taking him to another level of desire. She could feel his cock thickening as his balls tightened in her mouth.

He was going to cum and she welcome it, quickening her pace, and tightening her grasp on the base of his dick.

Unlike in Vegas he didn't verbally warn her before a forceful stream of his cum came rushing into her mouth as she swallowed him down. Once the last spurt of his seed left his shaft, she licked him clean before releasing him and looked up to meet his gaze.

His blue eyes turned incredibly dark, sending a shiver through her. Pushing her back, he got off the sofa and stood. Grabbing her hand he pulled her up with him. Without warning his mouth came crashing down on hers and her mind went blank as the feelings of pleasure came rushing through her.

As they became slaves to their desires for each other their clothing was removed in a blur as he urged her toward the bedroom. But they didn't make it. Her panties were the last article of clothing to be removed between them, just as they reached the entrance to the kitchen.

"Change in plans," he announced, looking into the kitchen and smiling.

"Huh?" She glanced into the room wondering what he had in mind. She didn't have much time to ponder; grabbing her thighs, he hoisted her up onto his hips and walked with her into the kitchen and set her onto the countertop next to the fridge.

"Don't move."

Genevieve trembled. It was cooler in the kitchen than the rest of the house and her nipples immediately tightened in response to the chill. She watched him open the fridge, fumble inside and when he emerged he was holding strawberries and whipped cream in one hand and a bottle of wine in the other.

"We're having a snack?" she asked, giving him a timid smile, as she placed her hands on the counter behind her and leaned back.

Smiling, Graham gave her a wink and set the berries and whipped cream on the countertop beside her then took a second to open the bottle of white wine. "Oh yeah." Placing the opened bottle of wine on the counter, he grabbed the whipped cream can and shook it before popping off the top. Pointing the nozzle toward her left nipple, he sprayed a small dollop onto it, covering the peak. She inhaled sharply, the cool whip teasing her hard nipple. He added another dollop onto her other nipple and then stepped back, inspecting his handiwork.

"You had better be cleaning that up mister."

"I indeed to." He leaned down and his tongue lashed out swiping the cream from her nipple, then took it into his mouth a second time nipping lightly and sending a jolt of pleasure through her. Kissing his way across her chest he repeated the process with the second nipple.

Coating her nipples a second time, he removed a strawberry from the box and swiped the end of the berry in the cream and held it to her mouth. She hesitated a moment before taking a bite from the sweet, succulent fruit.

He dipped a second berry into the cream on her second nipple, ate the berry and then covered his lips with hers. His lips and tongue were sweet and delicious as their kiss deepened, their tongues dancing.

She was so engrossed in the pleasure of his lips and tongue that she didn't notice him picking up the can until she felt the cool cream covering her mound. She broke the kiss with a squeal.

She tried to close her legs, but his body in front of her refused to allow it.

"Oh my God, it's cold," she protested, laughing.

"Mmmm. Then let me warm you." Pulling her to the edge of the counter, he crouched and licked the length of her, gathering up the whipped cream as he went.

The cool quickly turned to warmth as his tongue removed the cream from her mound. She groaned, closing her eyes and allowing her head to fall back, moaning softly. As soon as the coolness was removed and she sighed, she was jolted back to alertness by a cold liquid being poured over her mound.

She inhaled sharply and looked down to see him part her soft folds and lick up the length of her slit, lapping up the wine that coated her mound. The heat of his tongue in combination with the coolness was thrilling, making her pussy clench in need. She wiggled against his mouth and tongue, willing him to thrust his tongue into her needy core. But he denied her.

Once her mound was clean of the wine and cream, Graham straightened; the intensity in his gaze sent a chill of anticipation through her. She glanced down between them and another surge of need rushed through her seeing his shaft, full and ready to take her.

Slipping a hand behind her head, his lips met hers as he lined himself up with her entrance.

With one hard, fast thrust he embedded himself deep into her. Her entire body vibrated and her fingers clawed at the granite underneath her as he began to move within her and with each thrust the head of his shaft stroked her inner wall.

She whimpered and moaned against his lips and exploring tongue. Each inward thrust pushed her closer to the edge. Pulling her lips from his she began kissing and nipping her way down the side of his neck, enjoying the sound of his low, feral groans with each thrust.

"So good. I've been dreaming of this," she gasped., Wrapping her legs around his waist she began moving with him as she gripped his shoulders, her fingernails digging into the muscular flesh and leaving deep crescent shapes. Their movements became more frantic as they both came barrelling toward their respective orgasms.

"Me too baby." His shaft moved in and out of her with such grace and determination, glistening with her juices with each outward thrust.

The coil of desire within her tightened, causing her belly to ache from anticipation as she reached the brink. She nipped at the side of his neck again and groaned. She was almost there -

so close. Clutching to him as tight as she could her pussy erupted around his dick, a wave of relief washing over her, making her cry out.

"Oh Jesus Ginny." His pace became frantic slamming into her, not giving her a moment to bask in her orgasm and sending her rapidly on the way to another.

"Harder. Oh God harder!" she screamed. She could feel him preparing to unleash inside of her and she desperately wanted to come with him. She leaned back again and caught his gaze as she moved with him, meeting his speed and intensity, watching as his cock hammered into her.

Slipping her fingers to her mound she began working her clit and found herself at the edge in seconds, preparing, waiting for him. Just when she thought she couldn't take another moment and would have to come once more without him, he slammed into her so hard that it moved her back on the counter an inch and with a low growl-like groan he released.

The feel of his cum filling her sent her over the edge once more and her cries joined his groans as their fluids combined and mixed within her around his rapidly depleting cock.

"Oh sweet damn baby." His body relaxed as he lowered his lips to hers, kissing her tenderly.

As their tongues duelled and her heart rate slowly went back to normal all that she could think was that she was easily the luckiest woman alive to be given such an incredible man.

Chapter 15

Genevieve turned the corner and onto Graham's street with a wide smile on her face as she imagined Graham's expression when he came home after working the overnight shift to see her in his bed, giftwrapped and waiting for him. She'd been up most of the night she'd been so excited about the day. Today was their one-month anniversary and they had plans for the evening so there was no way he'd be expecting her there. She'd even decided to keep the store closed for the day so she could devote it to pampering him. It seemed like he was always the one going above and beyond to make her happy, she wanted to return the favour. The fact that it was a surprise made it even more exciting.

As his house drew closer she was slightly disappointed to see his car was in the driveway; she'd really been hoping to make it to his place before he did. She knew where his "hidden" key was and suspected he wouldn't be upset in the least with her showing up and letting herself in.

Ahhh well, it's still a surprise, she supposed and her smile returned, but quickly faded to see there was a car parked on the other side of his. She knew some of his friends - the ones who mattered and could possibly arrive at such an early hour anyhow - and didn't recall them having a small blue Fiat. Maybe it was a neighbour who needed the parking spot?

Deciding to park on the side of the road, she slowed and parked in front of his house. Getting out of the car, she popped the trunk and gathered the bags of food and Frederick's of Hollywood bag. She knew he was going to go insane when he saw her wearing what was in the bag. Closing the trunk, she made her way up his driveway and placed the bags on the doorstep. She turned and was going to retrieve the key he kept hidden under a big rock behind the garbage bin when the sound of the front door opening had her freezing in the spot.

Well, shit. I guess this means Plan B of sneaking in and waking him up with a blow job and a hot lunch on the table when he wakes in the afternoon is out of the question now. Talk about bad timing!

"Can I help you?"

Genevieve's entire world stopped at the sound of a female voice behind her coming from the house. Don't jump to any conclusions, she coached herself as she slowly turned to come face to face with a tall leggy blonde woman, barefoot and only wearing a black satin negligee that was so short if the woman bent the neighbours would be given a show. The other woman was insanely beautiful.

"Can I help you?" the blonde asked again, planting a hand on her hip, her blue eyes narrowing as she scanned Genevieve.

"Who are you?"

The blonde pasted a smile on her lips and stepped out onto the porch, extending her hand to Genevieve. "I'm Emma. Graham's wife."

Again, the world seemed to stop moving as she looked down at the other woman's perfectly French manicured hand waiting for her to accept the handshake.

"His wife?" This had to be some mistake. It had to be. "Graham isn't married."

The other woman's smile turned to a smirk as she dropped her hand. "Sorry to disappoint.

Not sure what he told you, but I'm very much a part of his life."

"Then why haven't I seen you before?" She and Graham spent virtually every free minute together, there was no way he was cheating - he couldn't. When would he have the time?

But you also thought he working last night, that's why you stayed home. What if all those double shifts he was putting in were all a cover-up so he could keep both relationships going? a voice in the back of her mind warned.

Her mouth went dry and her stomach did a flip flop. She feared she was going to be sick. It felt like the past was coming back to relive itself.

The blonde shrugged. "I've been around. We had a little spat before he went to Vegas, but I promise you, we've resolved our issues." The blonde grabbed the Frederick's bag and passed it to her along with the grocery bag. "I don't know who you are, but you're not welcome here any longer. I assume you were a distraction until we got things worked out. They're worked out now."

The blonde woman spun around and started to make her way back into the house. Dropping the bags to the ground, Genevieve followed behind the woman, stopping her from closing the door.

"I want to speak to him."

The smirk returned to Emma's lips. "Honey. He's sleeping, we had an exhausting night. Do yourself a favour and don't embarrass yourself more. Take your skank ass home." Without another word the other woman slammed the door in Genevieve's astonished face.

This can't be happening, not again. She felt the tears welling up in her eyes. Not again, Graham was supposed to be different. But how else could she explain Emma nearly naked answering the door? Graham's car was in the yard so he was home. Gathering the bags of groceries and the Frederick's bag from the ground, with a hollow heart, Genevieve made her way back to her car.

When she reached the car, she considered turning back and demanding to go in and speak to him face to face, refusing to leave until that happened. Hear it from his mouth. But what good would it do, really? All that would be accomplished would be her embarrassing herself further.

"Fuck him," she growled to herself, "fuck him and fuck Alex and fuck every man in this motherfucking world." Her friends were right, no-attachment sex and you don't get disappointed.

There's no point in giving a man your heart, all they did was tear it in two and throw it back at you. Fuck them all!

~*~*~*~*~

~ Dane ~

"I'm coming, I'm coming," Dane shouted, rubbing his eyes as he made his way downstairs and to the front door. "I swear to God, if it's someone peddling some bullshit magazine or preaching the Goddamned gospel there'll be hell to pay."

The previous night had been hell, the streets seemed to be crazy. Every insane and unstable person seemed to be out and the calls never stopped. It had been a long time since he'd been so exhausted. He glanced at the clock mounted on the wall next to the door. 6am. He'd gotten less than an hour's sleep.

"This is bullshit," he grumbled, unlocking the door and pulling it open.

His hazy state immediately cleared at the sight of Genevieve on his doorstep. She was fighting back tears and the feelings he'd had for her before she chose his brother came rushing back to him and it tore at him to see her hurting. He'd spend the past couple of weeks telling himself she was just another girl to him, but he knew he was lying to himself.

Quickly he stepped aside and motioned for her to enter.

"Oh Dane!" She threw herself into his arms, burying her face against his neck. "I didn't know where to go, or who to talk to."

He held her tight to him, stroking her dark hair and basking in the sweet smell of her shampoo. She felt so good in his arms, regardless of the reason she was there. He wasn't sure what it had been about her that had gotten under his skin, but she had and despite making up with his brother, he still couldn't bring himself to go see his brother when he knew she'd be there. He knew now why he kept himself at a distance, he didn't want to allow himself to be in a position to be hurt.

"What's going on?"

"It's G-Graham..." The floodgates opened up and sobs overtook her, her petite body trembling with each sob. "Why does it keep happening? Why? First Alex and him?" She pulled back to look him in the eye, her green eyes red and brimming with a new set of tears. "What's wrong with me?"

Dane frowned. What in the hell did Graham do to her? He was scared to ask and bring about another round of tears and sobs.

"Not a thing, you're incredible, Ginny." He pulled her back into his arms and kissed her temple. "Come on and sit for a minute. Do you want some water, coffee?"

"No... I don't know. I just..." She sniffed and raked her hand through her hair.

Closing the door, he led her into the living room and sat down on the sofa, pulling her down with him. She sniffed as she sat and cuddled into him, wrapping her arms around his waist and burying her face into his bare chest.

"Do you want to talk about it? What happened?"

She shook her head and clung tighter to him. He was dying of curiosity, he had no idea what Graham could have possibly done. He let her go so she wouldn't be hurt, because he thought she had a better chance with Graham. Graham was the faithful one who wanted a commitment. It made no sense.

Could he have been wrong? Should he have fought harder to win her affections? Graham hadn't said a word about them breaking up or her being upset with him, although they still weren't on the best of terms with each other.

"Can you just hold me for now?" She looked up, pain etched in her face. "Just for a bit."

He touched the side of her face, swiping at the tear that was making its way down her cheek with his thumb. "Of course. Take all the time you need." Grabbing a throw pillow he arranged it and laid back, pulling her down with him so she was stretched out next to him, snuggling the top of her head under his chin.

Why in the hell did I let Graham have her? She felt so good and right in his arms. He didn't say a word to her, just waited. Her sniffs slowed and stopped, replaced by soft snores. With a sigh and too tired to remain awake any longer and seeing no point in it, Dane closed his eyes and decided to go back to the sleep she'd interrupted. There'd be time to get to the bottom of things when she woke.

~*~*~*~*~

~ Graham ~

"Thanks a lot, man." Graham gave his partner Officer Mooney a nod as he exited the car and stepped onto the sidewalk in front of his house. They'd attended a football game before their shift so it made more sense just to carpool rather than take separate cars to the game and then to work since their shifts were at the same time. They didn't carpool often, but in cases like this it made sense.

He was across the lawn and about to step onto the porch when he caught sight of Emma's Fiat in his driveway.

"What the fuck..." he frowned as he walked toward the car and discovered it empty.

Turning back to the house his eyes landed on the large rock he hid his spare key under and noticed it was overturned. Emma was there, in his house waiting for him.

You have got to be kidding me, he groaned inwardly. After all this time why in the hell is she here? If anything he'd have expected to see her showing up at Dane's house, but certainly not his.

The last thing he wanted to do was deal with Emma today. His plan was to go straight to sleep and get up mid-afternoon to get ready for his date with Genevieve. Since it was their one-

month anniversary he wanted to make it extra special. While most men never thought of such things, he knew it would be important to her and he could barely wait to see the big smile that would spread across her lips when she discovered what he had planned.

He sighed, as he made his way back to the house and with great reluctance unlocked the front door and stepped inside. Pausing just inside the door he stood and listened for any indication of where she might be; the house remained silent.

"Emma?" he called out, but silence answered him. Perplexed he performed a thorough search of the bottom floor and came up empty. Glancing up the staircase to the second floor he cringed and began the stairs as if he were a man walking the mile of death row.

Oh fuck me, he groaned inwardly as he walked to his bedroom and noticed the door was closed. He never closed his bedroom door. What in the hell is she doing in there? As he asked himself the question, he suspected he knew.

Opening the door he stepped inside and as feared there she was, stretched out on his bed, a wicked smile on her lips and dressed in a little teddy that barely covered her.

"What are you doing here Emma?" He crossed his arms over his chest and eyed her, waiting for an explanation. "You're no longer welcome here, I thought we had an understanding on that."

She cringed, but not one to be deterred she struggled to her knees and made her way to the end of the bed. "I've been doing a lot of thinking and I think the divorce was a mistake."

Leaning against the door jamb, Graham shook his head. "There wasn't any mistake, Emma.

We should never have gotten married in the first place - that was the mistake. But now we're divorced and that's how it should be."

"Come on. Think about it. We were good together. I'm saying I'm sorry, you're the one I should be with."

Graham laughed as things became clear. "You and the FedEx guy broke up, you went to Dane and he wouldn't give you the time of day so now you're back. I see now."

Her lips turned into a pout and she shook her head. "No. No, it's not like that."

"So you and the FedEx guy are still together?"

"No."

"So if I were to call Dane and ask if you came sniffing around he'd tell me no?"

She lowered her eyes and began twirling a lock of golden hair around her index finger. "Dane and I spoke, yes."

"And he told you..." A part of him was getting a bit of satisfaction out of this encounter.

She'd never apologized or shown remorse for what she'd done. With Emma everything was everyone else's fault but her own, and she was so beautiful and was able to charm people so well that people usually bought what she was selling. But not this time. Graham knew her and her games way too well now.

"It's not important."

"That's what I thought." He sighed, thrusting a hand into his blonde hair. "And why in the hell are you even in my house?"

Her head jerked back up and her eyes narrowed at him. "You were ignoring my calls."

"That's the beauty of divorce, once those papers are signed, I'm no longer required to speak to you."

"Besides, Graham, you leave the key outside for anyone to use, for a cop I'd have thought you wouldn't do something so foolish."

"Yes, I should have moved it once your ass was out of here." He pointed to the hallway.

"Now you have to leave."

"Why the rush?" A smirk touched her lips and he immediately knew she was up to something, or had done something. Any amount of amusement he was feeling at seeing her squirm was fading fast. He wanted and needed her out, immediately.

"Most importantly, because I don't want you around anymore. But also, I had a long day and I need some sleep, so you need to leave. NOW!"

"Is it because of that girl you're seeing?"

Graham fought back the surge of anger that was beginning to simmer within, as his jaw clenched. "What do you know about her?"

Emma shrugged as she slid from the bed and walked toward him, swaying her hips seductively. "She dropped by. I sent her home."

"Sent her home?"

"She's not right for you. I can tell."

"Where did she go?"

"Why should I care?" She reached out to touch him, but he grabbed her wrist.

"Don't touch me Emma. I'm going to find her and you're going to get out of my house."

"This was our house." She yanked her wrist from his grasp and scowled at him.

"WAS our house, but not anymore. When I get home I want you out, otherwise I'll have you escorted out and charged. Are we clear?"

Anger flared up in her blue eyes as she glared at him.

"I asked, are we clear?"

"Asshole! Now I remember why I fucked around on you." She grabbed her handbag and a duffle bag from beside the bed, then stormed past him, nudging him in the stomach with her elbow as she went past. Out in the hallway she spun around and caught his gaze. "And by the way, the FedEx guy wasn't the only guy I fucked in our bed!"

What in the name of God did I do to deserve this bullshit? Graham groaned inwardly, not bothering to answer back and encourage more of an argument with her.

She waited for his response, and when one didn't come she huffed and stormed down the staircase. He didn't follow, but waited until he heard the front door open and close before he released the breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding.

He looked over to the bed; it beckoned to him, but he had more pressing issues. He didn't even want to imagine how torn up Genevieve would be feeling right now. He'd worked so hard at making her feel as special as she deserved to be feeling and it would be shot to hell because of his bitch ex-wife.

Not bothering to take the time to change out of his uniform, he waited until he heard Emma's car start and tear out of the driveway before heading downstairs and grabbing his car keys.

Chapter 16

~ Graham ~

Where is she? After going to her apartment and coming up empty he visited her boutique, curious to see if perhaps she'd gone to work early to clear her head. He found a note on the door apologizing to customers that the boutique was closed for the day.

Almost home, he pulled off to the side of the street, grabbed his mobile phone and rang her number for the fifth time. As per the previous calls, it went straight to voicemail. He wasn't sure if she had her ringer off or was flat out avoiding his calls.

Frustrated, he tossed the phone onto the passenger seat of the car, then shifted it into gear. He was almost home when he decided to make a stop. It was almost noon so surely Dane would be up by now; if he wasn't then he'd hang out and wait for him to get up. Maybe if Dane called her she'd answer the phone; he hoped anyhow.

Fifteen minutes later, he was coming up onto Dane's house and immediately spotted Genevieve's car in the driveway. Anger and hurt rumbled within him.

Of all places for her to go and of all people for her to run to, she went to his brother? He attempted to keep a clear head as he pulled into the driveway and shut off the car.

Why shouldn't she go to Dane, she thought he was messing with Emma, he reasoned with himself as he made his way up the driveway toward the front door. At least he'd found her and he could get things straightened out. Just because she was with Dane didn't mean a thing, it meant she wanted to talk about him and who better than with his twin brother? The more he mulled it around in his mind the more it made sense and his anger faded.

Not bothering to knock, he flipped to Dane's key on his key ring unlocked the door, opened it and let himself in. The house was completely silent - too silent for a couple of people chatting, unless they went out. As he walked further into the house, he heard soft snores coming from the living room.

Upon entering the living room his entire body froze as he laid eyes upon Dane, clad only in a pair of boxers, lying on the sofa with Genevieve curled up next to him. They looked like a couple of lovers. It tore at him. Did her encounter with Emma simply drive her to the man she really wanted to be with? Just like with Emma, was he ultimately the consolation prize?

A part of him wanted to wake them and demand an explanation and explain the situation.

Dane would back him up and verify he was working, since he had worked the same shift. But another part, a stronger part, was done. He was done with competition and fighting with his brother over a woman. He cared for Genevieve deeply and thought they had a great future ahead of them, but he knew he needed a woman who was one hundred percent positive it was him she wanted in her life.

He refused to be a consolation prize again. Refused. Quietly, he made his way back out of the house, got into his car and drove home.

~*~*~*~*~

Genevieve awoke to a thumping sound. Groggily, she opened her eyes and smiled to see Graham under her, still sleeping. Closing her eyes she rubbed the sleep from them, glad that it had all just been a dream. With her eyes cleared, she opened them back up and her body froze; it wasn't Graham's body she was draped over, but Dane's.

Oh shit. The realization sent a dagger into her heart, and sadness flooded through her again.

She pushed herself into a sitting position and pushed back the tears. Tears wouldn't do her any good. The faster I forget him the faster I can move on.

Her movement woke Dane and he stirred next to her. Slowly he opened his eyes and smiled up at her. "Hey you. How are you feeling? Ready to talk?"

"Yes... No..." She sighed. "I don't know."

He sat up and stretched, before standing and offering his hand to her. "Come on. I'll make us..." Dane glanced over to the clock on the wall. "Lunch. And you can tell me what my ass of a brother did to ya." A wide smile spread across his lips and he jerked his head toward the kitchen.

"Come on." Accepting his hand, she allowed herself to be pulled from the sofa and followed him into the kitchen.

"So, ready to talk about it?" he asked, opening the fridge and surveying the contents as she leaned against the kitchen counter, arms crossed over her chest.

"Oh, well. I guess." She uncurled her arms and raked her fingers through her satiny locks.

"Today's our one-month anniversary of making it official."

"Uh-huh."

"So I went to his house planning on surprising him when he got home after work."

"Right." With an armful of ingredients for sandwiches, he deposited them onto the countertop and gave her a hip bump, moving her a couple of inches and out of his way. "So, was he a cranky ass when he got home? He can get like that sometimes when it's been an insane night. You'll get used to it, it's nothing personal, but the job can mess with your head sometimes."

Genevieve laughed. She couldn't imagine Graham being cranky with her, but then again, she couldn't imagine him going back to Emma, but...

"So spill it. What's going on?"

"It's Emma."

His body tensed up and his brow furrowed as he turned to face her straight on. "Emma? What does she have to do with anything?"

"She was there when I got there."

Lunch forgotten, his frown deepened. "I don't understand. She was there? What did she want?"

"Graham apparently. And it seems he wants her because she was in a little teddy-like thing when she answered the door."

Confusion was etched in his expression and shone in his eyes. "What did Graham tell you?"

"I didn't speak to him, she wouldn't let me. She told me they'd had an exhausting night and he was sleeping. He was supposed to be at work, but apparently he'd lied so he could be with her."

"Graham did work last night. He was still at the precinct filling out paperwork when I left this morning."

A spike of hope raced through her until she remembered it was his brother she was talking to.

"You don't have to cover for him."

He huffed and turned back to making the sandwiches. "Trust me, the last thing I'd do is cover for the guy who stole you." Despite his words a grin touched his lips.

Genevieve laughed. "He didn't steal me."

"Either way, you're with him and not me so I consider that stealing."

"But his car was there when I got there."

He turned back to her. She could see him thinking. "You know, I think he went in with his partner; they went to a game before work. They do that once in a while."

"Why didn't you go?"

Dane shrugged. "Just didn't."

"So how did she get in?"

He turned back to her, passing her a ham and cheese sandwich. "How were you planning on getting in?"

"The key under the rock behind the garbage bin." She took a bite from the sandwich, not even realizing how hungry she was until that moment.

He reached out and tapped her on the nose. "Bingo." She giggled and jerked away from him, swatting at his hand.

"Shit. I never thought of that."

"Yup. That's my guess."

"But they're divorced."

"I'm guessing she's pissed because I turned her down the other day and she's trying to" - he made air quotes - " - get back at me." With a huff, he grabbed his sandwich and took a hearty bite from it then spun around and leaned back against the counter, continuing to eat.

It all began to click into place and she groaned inwardly. "I'm such an idiot." She immediately felt an intense guilt. How could she ever think he'd go back to Emma?

"Nah, he's the idiot for not changing the hiding spot of that key."

"Then I think I'm going to have to go and see him."

"Yeah, if Emma was there, I'm sure he could use seeing you right now. She has a tendency of riling him up pretty bad and considering the insane night we had last night with calls I imagine he was already in a foul mood."

"I'm going to go check my phone and see if he called." Leaving the remainder of her sandwich on the countertop she made her way into the living room, grabbed her handbag from next to the sofa, opened it and grabbed her phone.

"Did he call?" Dane asked, following her into the living room as he stuffed the remainder of his sandwich into his mouth.

"Five times. And there's voicemail."

"Well, there ya go."

Smiling, she went over to him and wrapped her arms around his waist and gave him a hug; he responded by pulling her tight and placing his chin on the top of her head. It wasn't the hug of would-be lovers, but of friends - sweet and comforting, but nothing more. "Thank you Dane."

She pulled away and her smile widened. "For understanding." She was about to pull out of his arms when he caught her, holding her to him.

"Graham's a good man, Ginny. Much better than I am. He deserves a woman like you and you should be with him 'cause you'll never meet a man who will treat you better than him."

Genevieve's eyes began to water and she swiped at them with the backs of her hands. She knew that. She'd let her own insecurities and fears cloud the truth. "You deserve someone too, Dane. You really do."

He chuckled and released her, giving her a quick smack on the bottom, making her giggle and yelp in surprise. "Well get going, no doubt he's giving himself an aneurysm worrying about you and in a mad search of the city."

"Okay." She gave him another smile and half-wave before turning from him and leaving, not looking back.

~*~*~*~*~

~ Graham ~

Graham upped the speed on the treadmill and broke into a run. Whatever tiredness he'd felt upon getting home was long gone. Now he was filled with an adrenaline rush, his mind working overtime. After spending close to an hour attempting to sleep he'd decided to try and work it off in his small basement home gym. Maybe if he pushed himself to the limits of his exhaustion he'd be able to fall into a blissful sleep.

He'd been running for close to fifteen minutes, his heart thumping rapidly in his chest and sweat covering virtually every inch of his body when the doorbell rang through the house. He ignored it. The last thing he wanted was to talk to someone - anyone.

But the person outside seemed to be intent on speaking with him. After a minute of hearing the doorbell ring, he sighed in resignation.

Maybe it's Genevieve, or Dane, maybe it's both of them, a voice in the back of his mind chimed in. He didn't know what he thought of that option. Maybe there was a reasonable explanation for them being cuddled and asleep on Dane's sofa. She had thought he was back with Emma. Maybe she ran to Dane for comfort...

But Dane could have told her he hadn't been home and indeed been working. Anger surged up within him as he took the stairs two at a time to answer the blasted door and the insistent person on the other side of it.

Not bothering to look out to see who it was on his doorstep, he pulled the door open and came face to face with Genevieve. He didn't know what to say so he said nothing and simply stared at her waiting for her to speak.

She fidgeted in front of him a moment before speaking. "Can I come in?"

With a nod, Graham stepped aside and motioned for her to enter.

"Can we talk?"

"You didn't return my phone calls." He closed the door behind her, waiting on bated breath to see if she'd tell him the truth and admit to being with Dane, or if she'd lie to him. If she lied, he was done. He had a marriage full of lies and games, he wouldn't tolerate them again.

"I was sleeping and when I woke up I saw the calls and came straight here."

"I see." His heart sank; she wasn't going to tell him about Dane.

"Can we sit down?" She started walking toward the living room as she asked the question, not expecting him to say no.

"Sure." He followed her and took a seat next to her, leaving a foot worth of distance between them. "So talk. What's going on?"

She looked at him, confusion in her features. He clenched his jaw, took a deep breath in, slowly released it and forced himself to relax. He slid a little closer to her, taking her hand in his.

"I apologize. I'm exhausted."

Genevieve seemed to relax at his explanation. "I came by this morning wanting to surprise you when you got off and Emma was here."

"I'm sorry, Ginny. I had no idea until I came home and she was in the bedroom."

Her eyes narrowed and anger flashed in them at the thought of Emma.

He gave her hand a squeeze, attempting to calm her. "Nothing happened, Ginny. I kicked her out and re-hid the key."

She laughed softly. "The key was how I was planning on getting in."

"Regardless of what she told you, I wasn't here. I worked all night and my partner dropped me home this morning. I had no idea she'd be here. No clue at all."

She stopped laughing and lowered her gaze to their interlaced fingers. "I thought you were back with her. She was so convincing and everything. I thought it was happening to me again. I didn't even consider it was you, I automatically assumed it was true."

He gave her hand another squeeze. "It wasn't. I have no interest in being with her."

"I left and was so hurt and confused. It was like, 'here we go again,' It was almost like all the feelings of being left at the altar came to the surface again. The pain and humiliation and feelings that I'm not good enough for someone, because why would men keep choosing other women over me?" She lifted her eyes to catch his gaze, sorrow in her emerald green depths. "You know?"

He knew, he knew all too well. "After the divorce I felt many of those feelings, Ginny. I felt like I failed somehow. But it's not your fault. The only fault you have is trusting and loving the wrong person."

She nodded. "So I didn't know where to go or who to talk to and I found myself at Dane's house."

His body stiffened at the mention of his brother, despite hoping she'd admit she'd seen him.

"And..."

"I'm not sure why I went there, I guess I was hoping he'd reassure me that it wasn't true."

"Did he?" The image of her being embraced by his brother, their limbs entwined, came back to his mind, sending a surge of jealousy through him.

"Well, I got there and I started crying and I'm sure babbling like an idiot, I don't really remember. And I fell to sleep on the sofa with him and when I woke up, we talked and he made me see the truth."

"How did he do that?" He could see she was telling the truth. She had no interest in Dane.

The issues he was having were his problem, not hers. If it was Dane she wanted she'd be there, but she wasn't, she was there with him. Where she wanted to be.

"He told me you worked all night last night. But more than that he made me realize how perfect we are for each other. And how I need to trust you, because that's what you deserve."

Chapter 17

~ Genevieve ~

Genevieve waited on bated breath, waiting for him to say something - anything. She didn't expect for this to go down like it was. He was much more standoffish, as if he were angry with her. But she hadn't done anything wrong. Well, not really.

The memory of being cuddled tight to Dane and the mysterious thump that had woken her came to mind and it all became clear. He'd gone to Dane's house hoping to figure out where she was and discovered her sleeping on the sofa with Dane.

"You went to Dane's house this morning looking for me, didn't you?"

He took a deep breath in and slowly released it. "I did."

"And you saw us sleeping together."

"Yes."

"It wasn't what you think. I was up all last night planning an incredible day for us and after seeing Emma all these emotions came to the surface. By the time I got to Dane's I was just...

spent... Next thing I know I'm waking up to you slamming the door as you left - at least I assume that was you."

"I'm not sure what I think it was, or how I feel about it." Despite his words she could see his features softening.

"I made a mistake of going to Dane, but he's the only one I know who knows you and..."

She chewed at her lower lip, not sure what to say to make it right. "But, I can't not be friends with Dane. He's your brother, he's going to be around so we have to move on. I know now what happened in Vegas doesn't matter anymore. He may look like you, but he's not you."

His stony expression broke and he smiled at her, sending a wave of warmth through her.

"Come here."

With a sigh, she slipped into his arms, pressing herself against him. But as soon as her arms closed around his neck the fact he'd been working all night and she'd interrupted him in the middle of an intense workout came rushing to her.

She cringed as she pulled away from him.

"What?" Despite his question, she could tell he knew what her issue was.

"I think you need a shower."

He laughed as he stood. "What you smell, baby, is 100 percent man."

She grinned at him in response. "It's nasty. Like you've run a marathon."

He grabbed her hand and pulled her to her feet and back into his arms. She squealed and pushed at his chest, but was seriously overpowered. "Yes, I did just finish a pretty intense workout."

Giving in, she laughed. "Shower and I'll give you anything you want."

He cocked a brow up at her and grinned. "Anything?"

"Anything. Today my intention was to make this the perfect day for you, just like you do every day for me. Emma may have ruined the morning, so I'll have to make up for it this afternoon."

He released her and his grin widened. "Then by all means, who am I to get in the way of your plans?"

~*~*~*~

~ Genevieve ~

"Oh my God, this is incredible!" Genevieve rushed to the small two-person table, which was set with two place settings but the food had yet to arrive, all set up on the rooftop of one of the highest buildings in Manhattan. The table was surrounded by electric floor lamps, which looked like little lanterns suspended four feet in the air from iron holders that gave off a soft golden glow, although they really didn't need the extra light. The night sky was clear, the stars challenging the full moon to be the most beautiful element in the sky.

She slowly spun around, her face tilted upward admiring the sky and attempting to pick out the individual constellations. She was able to pick out a number of them, but her curiosity over the rest of the rooftop overrode her desire to peer up into the sky.

"How did you manage this?" she asked as she rushed over to the edge of the building. There was a three-foot concrete barrier that surrounded the perimeter of the rooftop, with another foot of iron railing atop the concrete.

"The owner of the building had some issues with break-ins and I managed to catch them in the act. He allowed me access to the rooftop and the kitchen as a thank you."

Laughing, she leaned her forearms against the cool iron railing and leaned forward, attempting to peer down the dozens of stories to the ground. Graham's arms wrapped around her from behind and his lips brushed across her ear. He felt so good, the warmth of his body beckoning her to relax back into him. He felt so right.

"Look straight ahead."

She lifted her gaze and looked straight out and gasped, waving her finger out into the darkness. "It's the Statue of Liberty! Wow, you can see straight out into the water." As she further inspected the area, she noticed dozens of tiny lights out into the water, presumably boats.

He chuckled softly and kissed her temple. "That's why I pointed it out."

"This has to be one of the best views in Manhattan. I'm speechless." She felt so special at that moment, special and cherished.

"You're saying a lot for being speechless."

She groaned, rolling her eyes and nudging him in the ribs with her elbow. "Smart ass. You know what I mean." She turned in his arms, smiling. "Thank you."

"Do you want me to send up dinner?"

"Okay."

Stepping back from her, he pulled his mobile phone out of the inner pocket of his black leather jacket and he dialled. "One minute," he mouthed to her.

Nodding she turned away from him to look back out onto the Manhattan skyline. She'd been in a few buildings that had taken her up to the twentieth floor or so, but she was always behind a window. There was nothing like feeling the breeze tickle her skin as she took in the view.

"They'll be up in a few minutes."

She spun around. "It's already cooked?"

He nodded. "And was just waiting for me to call." He extended his hand to her. "Come on. I have something I want to give to you."

"Something to give to me?" She accepted his hand and allowed herself to be led over to the table. He pulled out her chair and once she was seated he reached into the inner pocket of his jacket and pulled out a long narrow jewelry case.

"Now, it's nothing special. But I wanted to get you a little something."

Her eyes widened as she stared at the box and accepted it with trembling hands. Alex rarely bought her anything. And certainly never surprised her with presents. It made this extra special.

She gingerly opened the case and her grin became so wide it almost hurt her face as she looked down on a sweet gold necklace with two entwined hearts.

"I'm not sure if your taste..."

"I love it!" She lifted her hair and waited for him to remove the necklace and carefully place it around her neck. Once on she fingered the delicate gold chain. "Thank you." Grabbing the lapels of his jacket she pulled him down and in for a kiss.

Just when the kiss began to get heated, the sound of a door opening interrupted them. She pulled back from him, but wasn't quite ready to leave the warm circle of his arms. A waiter appeared with a large silver platter hoisted on his shoulder.

"Good evening."

"Evening." She sat down as she watched the waiter set up the table. The delicious smell of salmon drifted to her nose. It looked and smelled amazing. She could barely wait to dig in. The only thing she'd had to eat all day was the partial ham and cheese sandwich Dane had given her earlier in the day.

~*~*~*~

~ Graham ~

Graham could feel her eyes on him as he looked down at his salmon and speared the last piece. She'd been looking at him when she thought he wouldn't notice for close to ten minutes. It appeared she had something to say, but was mulling over the best way to say it.

He couldn't wait any longer. Lifting his gaze, he kept his stare on her until she was forced to lift her eyes to meet his. "What's on your mind?"

She caught her glossed lower lip between her teeth and a rosy blush touched her cheeks.

"Nothing."

He cocked a brow up at her and smiled. "Oh, come on. It can't be that bad." He hoped now that they'd spent the day talking - among other things, and getting things straight between them.

There shouldn't be any insecurities on either side.

She lifted her eyes again, to meet his. "It's not bad. It's good."

He chuckled softly and leaned forward, bracing his elbows on the table edge. "Then I think you have to tell me, I can always use some good."

"It's just..." She looked around and out toward the Statue of Liberty and shrugged. "This is so perfect. I've never had anyone do anything like this for me before. How can you be such a perfect man?"

He laughed. "Years of doing everything wrong with everyone else."

The rosy hue of her cheeks deepened. "I'm glad you got it right for me."

"Besides, I would hardly say perfect. I did marry a woman who really didn't want to be married to me, what idiot does that?"

She tentatively raised her hand. "Does being in your wedding dress a half-hour before your wedding compare?"

He laughed again. "That's close."

"Uh-huh. It wasn't until I met you that I realized just how many things were wrong."

"He was your first boyfriend, give yourself a little slack."

She sat back in her chair and tapped her lower lip with her index finger. "Yeah, that's right. If I hold off, the next one might be even better." A saucy grin spread across her lips and a mischievous gleam emerged in her eyes.

Placing his fork on his plate he pushed his chair back from the table and sat back, crossing his arms over his chest and eyeing her, attempting to paste a serious look on his face. "Is that so?"

"Perhaps. They do say three times a charm."

"May I interject that you did go on a date with Dane in Vegas."

"But that was a date, nothing serious." She leaned forward, waiting for a response. He could see the delight she was getting from the banter.

He waved his hands out and shrugged. "Guess that means I might as well be going so you can move on to number three." It was getting harder to force the smile from his face. He made a show of getting out of his chair. She was out of hers like a bolt of lightning and urging him back down.

Sitting, he grabbed her by the waist and lifted her onto his lap so she was straddling him. As she moved to reposition herself, her short black skirt inched up until it was bunched up around her waist.

"I was just teasing." She slipped her arms over his shoulders, lacing her fingers behind his neck.

He allowed himself to grin. "I know." Sliding his hand up and around her neck he gave the tie holding the top up a tug and the fabric slid down her body, exposing her bare breasts. The cool air caused a shiver to race through her body and her nipples immediately tightened into hardened peaks.

"What if someone comes?" She leaned into him and rubbed her pelvis against his groin, and was rewarded by a low groan as his dick began to thicken under her.

"No one is allowed up here. The waiter will come once I call him. We're perfectly alone."

She leaned into him, kissing the side of his neck and placing a string of kisses up his neck until she reached his lips. "I've never done it on the roof of a skyscraper before."

He chuckled, slipping his hand to the back of her head and urging her lips closer. "Then I think we need to fix that."

She smiled as their lips touched. The taste of wine was still fresh and sweet on his lips.

Nipping at his lip, she tugged and then sighed as he kissed her with more force and passion. His tongue slipped past her parted lips in search of hers as her hands slid down his chest to his belt buckle, undoing it. As her fingers began to work on his pants, his lips pulled away from hers and he began kissing his way down her neck and across her collarbone.

"This is going to be awkward."

"What's the fun if it's always easy?"

Smiling, she pulled his pants open. His lips captured her first nipple, nipping and tugging at the rock hard tip and sending jolts of pleasure through her, while his free hand palmed her other breast, pinching the tip just hard enough to send more delicious waves of pleasure through her.

Genevieve yanked his pants down as best she could, releasing his shaft. Grasping his cock in her hand, she closed her eyes and arched her back, her long dark hair cascading down her back and blowing freely in the breeze, and began stroking him.

He inhaled sharply, releasing her nipple and kissing his way to the other one. His tongue swirled around her second nipple, swirling closer and closer until he sucked it into his mouth.

The arousal within her increased from a low simmer to an inferno, dampening the thin strip of material of her thong.

Graham's hands slid down her back and to her ass, squeezing both cheeks gently, before moving inward until they reached her pussy lips. One of his fingers hooked into the thin strip of lace and gave it a yank; a ripping sounded as the material split apart, leaving her fully exposed to him.

"Oh fuck. Nice and wet already."

She opened her eyes and looked at him, smiling. "Always for you."

Not waiting for his reply she covered his lips with hers. She didn't want to wait, wasn't interested in sweet lovemaking, they had time for that later tonight. Lifting up, she released his cock and Graham lined himself up to her. When she felt the head of his cock poking at her entrance she sank down onto him, slowly, her pussy stretching and inviting his cock with every inch. They moaned in unison as their bodies united until he was fully planted within her welcoming core.

She pulled back slightly from him, watching his eyes and expression as she began to move on him. There was a mixture of hunger and caring in his dark blue eyes - it both aroused and pulled at her. He was hers, body and mind.

His hands moved to her ass again and began to move under her, urging her to move on him.

Holding onto his shoulders she began to gyrate on his lap. She began swivelling her hips in a circular motion, as she moved up and down, savouring the feel of the head of his dick as it stroked her inner wall.

She started to close her eyes, so she could focus on the pleasure that was radiating throughout every inch of her body, but Graham stopped her.

"No baby, I want you focused on me."

She lowered her forehead to his as she forced her emerald green eyes to remain open to stare deep into his. She became lost in his eyes and his body. The only sounds around them were their mutual moans and the distant sounds of traffic that was so dim it felt like it was a world away.

Eventually even the traffic dimmed and it was just them.

The waves of pleasure began to come more rapidly, each one more intense. Her movements became frenzied, her fingernails digging into his shoulders as she held on. He didn't seem to notice. Each movement he pulled her down harder and tighter to him.

"Almost there?" She was. So close. She was fighting to keep from coming, wanting them to come together.

"Almost baby." His voice was deep, feral. His body was tensing under her as he prepared.

The tension was almost too much as she increased her efforts on him. Her pussy milked his cock, begging it for his seed. And it was not to be disappointed. His eyes became so dark with need it caused her to tremble over him, on the brink.

With a low groan, he thrust up in her, meeting her downward thrust and unleashed, his seed spilling into her. She cried out, allowing her body to let go, coming with him. Exhausted and panting hard she collapsed onto him, clinging tight to his shoulders.

He groaned once more, another shot of cum filling her already full pussy. She remained on him, enjoying the heat of his body against her bare chest.

"Is there anything else?" The sound of the waiter's voice was like tossing a bucket of ice water on her. She yelped and pressed herself tight to Graham.

"I thought you said we were perfectly alone," she hissed in his ear, not able to bring herself to look the waiter in the face.

"We were supposed to be."

"Oh shit, I'm so sorry." The waiter stepped backward, spun around and dashed out the steel door.

Silence took over the rooftop to be broken by Graham's soft laughter. She sat back on him, her eyes wide. "What's so funny? He saw us," she motioned to their still united bodies, "together."

"I don't think he saw much, honey."

"I'm still embarrassed." She could feel her cheeks burning, but his laughter was contagious.

"It's not funny," she said, swatting at his shoulder, but found herself laughing with him.

"It kinda is."

Still laughing she playfully growled at him and attempted to remove herself from him, but he refused to allow her to go anywhere, grabbing her ass and keeping her fully planted onto him.

She crinkled her nose up at him. "What are you doing? We should get ourselves all proper like before he comes back." She attempted to get up again, but once again his hands on her backside kept her rooted onto him. Her wiggling had teased his cock, making him harden within her.

"I promise he won't be, besides, I'm not near done with you Genevieve Fennel."

She laughed, but despite her laughter she was also beginning to feel the need as his cock taunted her. "Do you ever have enough?"

"Never enough of you honey. Never enough of you." He didn't wait for a reply, his lips claimed hers with such passion she knew his words to be true. She realized then that he wasn't just the safe brother; he was passionate, caring, funny... he was so much to her. More than any other man could be. She was falling unlike she'd ever fallen before and she looked forward to what the future would bring them.

The End

