CHAPTER ONE

"This is the last of it."

Calder's voice draws my eyes up from the bookshelf I'm attempting to assemble. He's standing in the doorway, holding a cardboard box with the word "Miscellaneous" scrawled across it in Sharpie.

I grin. "Then it's official?"

He meets my smile with one of his own. "It's official."

I leap up and run over to him. He barely has time to drop the box on the counter before I jump into his arms. My arms go around his neck, my legs around his waist. He stumbles back a step, laughing as he holds me up.

"We live together," I whisper. "We really and truly live together."

And before he has the chance to respond, I'm kissing him. It seems only right; after nearly six months of dating, Calder Cunningham and I have finally decided to take things to the next level. A week ago we signed the lease on an apartment together, and tonight, for the first time, we will be calling the same place home.

"Mm," he says against my lips. "What do you say we christen this place?"

He doesn't wait for my answer. He carries me across the room toward the one corner of the apartment that isn't covered in boxes or disassembled furniture. I kiss his cheeks, his jaw, his neck as we move, not even bothered that I'm sweaty and smelly from a long day spent hauling everything we own up three flights of stairs. It doesn't matter where we are or how disgusting I feel-one touch from Calder and I'm lost.

He lowers me to the floor. I dig my fingers into his hair as he presses me down against the carpet.

"Aren't you tired?" I tease.

"Exhausted," he says between playful nips at my neck.

"Or hungry?"

He bites me a little harder. "Starving."

I laugh and tighten my legs around his waist. Oh, yes-I can feel exactly how starved he is.

"You know," I murmur against his ear. "I bought a housewarming gift for you..."

"Did you now?"

He captures my mouth with his own, sucking my bottom lip between his teeth. I shiver and dig my nails into his back, abandoning myself for the moment to the taste of him, the smell of him, the feel of him. How is it possible to want him this much even now? Wasn't this fluttery, head-over-heels sensation supposed to fade months ago?

I pull away from him, panting.

"Your present's in one of the suitcases," I breathe. "I was going to wear it for you tonight."

"Mm," he says, his eyes darkening in pleasure. "Sounds promising."

"It's completely sheer."

"Very, very promising."

I draw in a breath as his lips find my ear. "You know, you're going to have to get off of me if you want to see it."

"Get off? When I already have you right where I want you?" He grinds against me, drawing a gasp from my lungs. "The way I see it, this place has four rooms-"

"Five if you count the bathroom."

"-and I plan on having you in every one of them before the night is over." He moves against me again, then leans down to whisper directly in my ear. "Bathroom last. I have a feeling we're both going to need a nice long shower."

I shiver. My hands are already clawing at his shirt. Screw the lingerie. There will be plenty of nights to dress up for him.

Calder chuckles and helps me pull the T-shirt over his head. His chest is slick with perspiration, but I don't care. It only enhances his natural scent, and I bury my face in the place where his neck meets his shoulder, placing kisses along the muscles there.

"I have a present for you, too," he says.

"You mean the one between your legs?"

He grins. "That too. But I meant something else." His hands are sliding down my body, over my breasts and toward my waist. "I've been trying to figure out how to give it to you."

I pause in my explorations of his neck. "Is it that complicated?"

"You have no idea."

I bite my lip. Now I'm extra intrigued.

"It can't be that difficult," I say lightly. "Just bring it here and hand it to me."

"Oh, I plan on it." His eyes gleam, and the corner of his mouth quirks up. "But not yet. Right now, I have something else in mind."

I laugh, but the sound twists into a moan as he grinds his pelvis against me yet another time.

"Tease," I say. "Do you have a gift for me or not?"

"I do." He slides one of his hands between us. "But you're going to have to earn it first."

His fingers work the button of my tattered jeans. I loosen the grip of my legs slightly to give him easier access. My knee hits one of the cardboard boxes beside us, but neither of us stops. I press my fingers against his back and groan as his hand finds its way down inside my pants. His finger brushes against my clit, and my leg jerks. My knee slams into the cardboard box once again, toppling it over, but I don't care. I'm not sure Calder notices at all.

"Welcome home," he whispers as he slides his finger between my legs.

Home. We're both home. After all the ups and downs we've encountered, I can hardly believe we're here. There were times I thought that despite our undeniable passion for each other, we'd never be able to get past our differences. But here we are. Home.

Calder watches the emotions play across my face. His lust-darkened eyes soften slightly.

"What are you thinking?" he asks.

I close my eyes. "That I'm so lucky to have you."

To think that I once hated this man-that I blamed him for so many things without knowing the true depth of the struggles he faced. We've learned, with time, to find strength in each other, to trust each other and work through the rough times together. Not that there aren't still bumps now and again. I'm still waiting for my dad to come fully around; he's had a harder time forgiving Calder for what he did to the Frazer Center for the Arts-and for what he believes Calder did to me. I still catch Dad eyeing him sidelong from time to time, for all that Calder treats me like the most precious thing in all the world.

He traces the line of my nose. I can feel his gaze on me even through my closed eyes.

"I think you have it wrong," he murmurs. "I'm lucky to have you."

I don't have to see his face to know what he's feeling. I was the only one there to see him fall apart after his father's death. His own sister-the only flesh-and-blood relative he still has on this earth-took off to the other side of the world after the funeral. I watched him struggle with his grief and the loss of the only world he'd ever known. I watched him crumble beneath the weight of it, and I watched him climb out again, all the stronger.

Family quibbles notwithstanding, I wouldn't change a thing about our relationship. I've never felt this way about anyone in my entire life. Calder's seen parts of my soul that I've never shown anyone else, and I know the same is true for him.

I open my eyes, looking up into a face so full of adoration and vulnerability that it makes me want to cry.

"I love you," I say, reaching up to touch him on the cheek.

He leans down and presses his forehead against mine.

"I love you, too," he says. He continues to stroke me between the legs, but he's taking his time now-as if he'd rather savor the task than rush on to the main event. His nose brushes against mine, and his warm breath washes across my cheek. I could stay like this forever, tangled up with him. The way things are going, I doubt we'll get around to setting up our bed tonight, and it doesn't even matter. Wherever he is will be the sweetest bed I'll ever know.

I kiss him again, and he meets my mouth with equal feeling. His hand stills as our lips mingle, and for a moment there's nothing but shared breath and dancing tongues and the delicious taste of him. Our bodies know each other so well at this point that I swear our hearts beat in time without even trying.

After a few moments, though, things turn heated again. I feel Calder's muscles start to flex once more beneath my hands, and his limbs go rigid with restraint. I shift slightly, rubbing myself against the hand still between my legs, and he smiles against my mouth and resumes his explorations. One flick of his finger, then another-he knows exactly which touch makes me squirm and which one makes me moan, which one brings me to the edge and which one draws out my pleasure.

I know him, too. And before this is over I'm going to drive him as wild as he's driving me.

I arch my back, pressing against his hand, and he flicks his fingers, drawing a whimper from my throat. I tug at the waistband of his pants, determined to put him at an equal disadvantage, but I only manage to move it an inch before the buzzing starts.

I jump, startled by the sudden vibrations oscillating dangerously close to my exposed flesh. Calder's cell phone is ringing, and it's in his pocket, wedged between our bodies.

And he takes all too much pleasure in my reaction to the interruption.

"This is an opportune little surprise," he says wickedly, shifting his hips so that his phone is right against me. I gasp as the next set of vibrations pulses right against my bare skin, and my core clenches in response to this new source of stimulation.

"Be... careful..." I manage. "It might... accidentally... pick up..."

His grin deepens as he thrusts his hips again. "It's a risk I'm willing to take."

The next time the cell vibrates, I moan and grip him harder. I'm not sure how much more of this I can take. I was already worked up, but this makeshift sex toy is drawing me to the edge very quickly. My entire body quivers with the phone, and my clit is so sensitive now that there are tears forming in my eyes.

When the call finally goes to voicemail, I nearly sob in relief.

"Bastard," I rasp. "That was unnecessarily cruel."

He chuckles. "If you think that was cruel, then I have a few surprises for you later."

I tug his face back down before he has the chance to taunt me further. Every nerve in my body is super-charged. I need him in me. Now.

This time he doesn't resist my efforts, but I only manage to get his pants to his hips before his phone goes off again.

"Dammit!" The source of the vibrations is lower now, but the pulse is still close enough to the delicate area between my legs to make my muscles quiver and contract. I whimper and writhe beneath Calder. Every pulse is a jolt straight to my core, so intense that the sensations ripple up my belly and down my legs as well.

"Do you really want to escape?" he asks, his voice thick and low in my ear. "Or do you want me to let you come?"

"I... I want..." I can't even form coherent thoughts anymore. The phone buzzes again, and my nails press deeper into his flesh. "Please... please..."

"Please what? Maybe I should make you wait. I think I'd prefer to feel you come around my cock."

"Please... ah, fuck!"

The phone vibrates again, and I almost climax... but Calder shifts away at the last minute, denying me my pleasure.

"Fuck you," I say. "Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you..." One tear manages to spill down over my cheek, but I can't do anything but shake my head and mutter.

"What do you want?" Calder prompts. "Do you want me to give you release right now? Or would you like me to fuck it out of you?"

I try to respond, but I'm not sure I'm forming real words. He must take pity on me, though, because the next time the phone buzzes he grinds against me. And I completely lose it. Like screaming-and-crying-and-tearing-into-him lose it. I throw my head back against the carpet and let the orgasm overtake me, and I clutch him so hard that I'm sure I draw blood.

I'm not sure how long I lie there afterward, just struggling to see straight again.

"How's that for a welcome?" Calder says, more than a little amused.

I try to look pissed, but I imagine that the best I'm managing is somewhere between "deliciously satisfied" and "still incredibly aroused."

"If you think I'm going to let you get away with that," I say when I can speak once more, "then you don't know me very well."

He laughs, but he doesn't resist when I push him off me and onto his back. He knocks over a garbage bag full of sheets, but that only makes him laugh harder.

"So you think this is funny?" I tease, straddling him. "Just wait until I'm done with you."

I lean down to attack his mouth, but the minute our tongues meet, his phone goes off again.

"Who the hell..." he says, tearing his mouth away from mine. He slides his hand between us and pulls the buzzing electronic from his pocket. His brow creases slightly when he reads the name, and I sit back.

"What is it?" I ask.

He's frowning. "Unknown number. But they've called me three times."

That's weird. "Could it be a client?"

"Perhaps. But I usually keep those numbers on my contacts list." His frown deepens. "Unless I forgot one. Or maybe Hafford passed my number along to someone."

Calder has been working for a consulting firm right here in town, and he's been doing so well that they promoted him last month. His workload is pretty intense, but he's happy-as happy and fulfilled as I've ever seen him. He told me once that he had a knack for numbers, but it turns out that he has no shortage of love for them, too.

Still, he's not the sort of guy to spend his free time glued to his phone, especially when we're, erm, in the middle of things. But he looks concerned.

"Do you want to call your office?" I say. It took a little wrangling for him to get today off, and I don't want him to get in any trouble. "Maybe something important came up."

I can see the war waging in his eyes, the responsibility fighting the desire. But I kiss him gently on the cheek.

"Go on." I climb off of him. "We can continue this in a few minutes."

He nods, resigned, though I can tell he's as disappointed as I am.

"When I get back," he says, leaning toward me and brushing his thumb across my bottom lip, "I expect that revenge you promised."

I grin. "I'm not going anywhere."

Calder stands and helps me to my feet, then retreats into the second bedroom to make the call. Curious as I am, I resist the urge to follow and eavesdrop. I trust him to tell me if anything serious is going on. It's probably just an anxious client.

Besides, this little interruption has given me the perfect opportunity to whip out that new lingerie. We've spent nearly every night together for the past few months, but we're no longer bouncing between his place and my place. I want the first night in our place to be extra special.

It takes me several minutes to find the right suitcase among the piles of stuff all over the floor-especially considering how weak my legs still feel beneath me-but I finally spot the purple battered bag behind the door to the kitchen. It's right next to the carefully packaged Ludlam painting that Calder and I have passed between us over the course of our relationship. Back at the beginning, after seeing how much I loved the piece, Calder tried to give it to me, but I claimed that I could never accept such a valuable gift from him. I don't have any excuses anymore. It doesn't matter who "keeps" the painting. It belongs to both of us now.

But I don't have time to stand here and reminisce. I flash the crate a final smile and slip behind the kitchen door. I'm halfway undressed already, so it only takes me a minute to tug the rest of my clothes off and pull the lacy, slinky babydoll over my head.

I'm adjusting the straps when I hear Calder return.

"Just a minute!" I say. "I want it to be a surprise."

Calder laughs. "I leave you alone for two minutes and you're already up to trouble."

"You'll enjoy it. I promise." I untwist the second strap and then run my hands down the length of the garment, ensuring that the sheer fabric lies flush against my body. It clings to me from my barely concealed breasts to the soft curve of my upper thighs. This lingerie certainly doesn't leave much to the imagination.

"You ready?" I say finally. I peek out at him, then slowly ease my body from behind the door.

Calder's eyes widen the moment I step into view, but as they sweep down my body-quickly the first time, then with a lingering appreciation the second-they darken and the lids droop into barely concealed lust.

"What do you think?" I ask, shifting my weight so that the lingerie presses against the round shape of my hip.

He responds with a sound very much like a growl.

"Definitely worth the wait," he says. Then in three strides he's across the room, grabbing me, crushing his mouth against mine.

I wrap myself around him, inviting him in. His lips blaze across my cheeks, my jaw, my neck.

"You... look... breathtaking..." he murmurs against my throat.

I tilt my head and flick my tongue across his ear. "They're not making you go in to work, are they?"

"No. No one at the office has any idea who might have called me." He pauses to suck at the hollow right above my collarbone. "It was probably just a sales call."

I inhale sharply as Calder's hand creeps from my lower back across my ass. Before I'm even aware we've moved, he's backed me against the wall, his body hovering over mine.

"Even if they had called me in," he says, his voice low and rough, "there's no way I could have torn myself away from you. Not after seeing you in this." He grabs the bottom edge of the lingerie between two fingers and slides it up over my hip. "There's only one thing I plan on doing tonight, and that's fucking you senseless."

He presses his knee between my legs, forcing me to part them, and I willingly submit. My hands fly to the front of his pants, and in three seconds they're undone and I have his hard length in my hand.

Calder groans as I rub him, but neither of us has the patience for any more foreplay. I guide him between my legs, then throw my arms around his neck as he lifts then lowers me slowly onto his cock. I curl my fingers in his hair as he fills me. His breath is ragged against my ear, his hands blazing hot against my thighs.

When he begins to move, it's not with careful, measured strokes. We're past the point of restraint. Instead, he drives into me again and again until the world is spinning around me. My head slams into the wall with every thrust and the lingerie bunches and chafes around my waist, but I don't care. There's only Calder wrapped around me and the pleasure building between my legs. The rest doesn't matter.

The muscles are tightening inside of me, and I twist my grip on Calder's hair. He moans, but if I'm causing him any pain he doesn't complain. If anything, my desperate clutching only seems to spur him on, and he moves against me with greater force. I gasp and cling to him, until finally my body can't take any more and the pleasure explodes through me. I throw my head back against the wall as I hurtle over the edge, and my orgasm seems to bring Calder very quickly to his own. He grunts and thrusts into me once, twice, three more times-and then I feel a rush of warmth as he fills me.

Afterward, we lean against the wall for some time before either of us manages to speak.

"I think," Calder murmurs, "we might have to apologize to all of our new neighbors."

"What?" It takes my sex-addled brain a minute to grasp his meaning. "Oh. Oh."

My cheeks go hot, and I should be embarrassed, but all I can do is giggle. Calder joins in, wheezing and laughing right along with me, and I can only imagine that our neighbors on the other side of the wall must now think us insane as well as sex crazed.

When we calm down, Calder pushes my hair back from my face and looks down into my eyes.

"I love you," he says softly.

"I love you, too." I lean up and kiss him on the lips. My body feels languid and heavy and satisfied, and after a long day of moving and our recent exertions, I just want to sink into him and go to sleep.

"I take it you liked your present, then," I say, sliding the lingerie back down over my hips. Not that it covers anything.

"I think you already have your answer to that," he says, amusement playing about his eyes. "But yes, I liked it very, very much."

"Didn't you say you had something for me, too?"

The corner of his mouth curls up. "I did, didn't I?"

"Well?" I poke him playfully on the chest. "Are you going to give it to me?"

"Hm." He takes my hand and lifts it to his face as if inspecting the fingers one by one. "That's a good question."

"Don't tease me."

His smile broadens. "Tease you? Where's the fun in that?" He flips my hand and presses a kiss against my palm, but he offers nothing else.

"I see what you're doing," I say. We've played this little game often enough. "You want me to beg for it."

"Not precisely." He plants another kiss at the base of my wrist. "I was rather thinking you might play for it."

"Play?" I find that I'm smiling in spite of myself. Why am I not surprised by this turn of events?

"Nothing complicated," he says. "And I'll play fair, I promise."

"Since when was trusting your promises a good idea?"

He grins and kisses my hand again. This time, though, he slips his tongue between two of my fingers, sending a shiver all the way up my arm.

"What if I lose?" I say.

He gives another flick of his tongue before looking up at me again. "You'll just have to make sure you don't."

"What if I don't want to play?"

That gets a raised eyebrow from him. He straightens and drops my fingers, then cups my face between both of his hands.

"Oh, you want to play. You can deny it all you want, sweet one, but I know you. And you never turn down a challenge." His eyes gleam devilishly. "Our little games excite and arouse you as much as they do me."

I'm about to argue that the response of my body has less to do with his proposal than it does with the fact that we're still mostly naked and pressed up against each other-but even I know that that's a lie. I don't have to say anything. He reads the truth on my face.

"Trust me," he says in a honey-sweet tone that turns my insides to mush. "This will be a game that you'll never forget."

CHAPTER TWO

He starts by ordering us dinner. He decides to get Chinese food from a little place down the street, and by the time it arrives, my entire body is trembling in anticipation.

I still remember the first time he and I ate Chinese food together. We were both naked, and I was blindfolded. Calder tried to help me eat-but as I remember it, we ended up getting distracted and never even finished the meal. It has to be intentional, him ordering Chinese food again, and I can't wait to see what he has planned for me this time around. He's asked that I continue to wear my new lingerie, and I've happily consented. My imagination runs wild as he lays out the various cartons on the kitchen counter.

"There you go," he says, tossing me a pair of wooden chopsticks. "Eat up."

I blink at him. "Just... eat?" Surely there's more to it than that.

But he nods. "We've had a long day. We need some energy."

I eye him suspiciously across the feast of fried rice and General Tso's chicken. He's ruffling through a box marked "Kitchen" on the counter, and after a moment he produces a bottle of wine wrapped in several layers of dishcloths.

"Merlot?" he asks. He pulls a pair of plastic cups from the box.

I nod, still not completely trusting his motives. The chopsticks are in my hand, but I don't touch any of the food in front of me.

A moment later he's filled the cups and set one in front of me.

"Aren't you hungry?" he asks. He grabs his own chopsticks and starts examining his dinner choices.

"You just want me to eat? No catch?"

His lip curls. "Do you suspect I'm trying to trick you?"

"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't." I grab the cup of wine and pull it toward me to inspect the contents. "Given our history."

He laughs. "I was hungry. Starving. You helped me work up quite an appetite." He reaches over and plays with the shoulder strap of my lingerie, sliding his finger beneath the band of lace. "And I thought we should sit down and discuss the rules before we begin."

"Rules?"

"They're generally a good idea, yes." He withdraws his hand and picks up his own cup of wine. "Would you like to hear them?"

I sip at my merlot. "I'm listening."

He leans back, satisfied. "In this game, you have to guess what my surprise is."

That doesn't sound too complicated. "How many guesses do I get?"

"As many as you like. But I warn you-you'll pay for the wrong ones."

Ah, I see where this is going.

"And what sort of payment will you be demanding?" I ask, crossing my arms.

"If I told you, it would ruin the fun." He regards me with amusement over the rim of his cup. "But I'll tell you this: I will enjoy it very much."

"So I'll just be blindly guessing? Do I get any hints? Or is this just some elaborate plan to get me to agree to be at your mercy?"

"I'll grant you a few hints," he says. "But you'll have to earn them."

"How?"

"Make me a challenge. If you win, you can ask me for a hint. If I win, you have to do something for me."

I roll my eyes. "This whole thing sounds a little skewed in your favor."

"Are you trying to tell me you don't want to play?"

Damn him. He knows I won't be able to resist playing no matter what the terms are. I can protest all I want, but he'll call my bluff every time.

"Fine," I say. "But I have a rule of my own."

"Yes?" He's enjoying this too much.

"No twisting words or rules to get your way," I say. "None of your usual tricks. It's cheating, and I consider it an automatic forfeit. You break-or even bend-the rules, and you lose. I win. I get the present and you aren't allowed to argue."

His eyes widen in mock offense. "Me? Cheat? I'm hurt you'd think me capable of such a thing."

"Oh, please." I grab a carton of steamed veggies and stab at them with my chopsticks. "You're just pissed that I won't let you pull any of your normal stunts."

He grins. "Fine. No stunts. Does this mean you'll play?"

Did he ever doubt it? I hold out my hand, and he grasps it in his own. We shake in agreement and then turn back to the food.

"So," I say between bites of broccoli. "How do we begin?"

"That's up to you. Would you like to take a guess or go for a hint?"

I consider my options. As much as I'd love to make a correct guess on the first try-just to wipe that smug look off of his face-I hardly know where to begin. What do guys get their girlfriends when they move in together? Housewares? A gift card to a home improvement store? Fancy champagne? But maybe it's something a little less ordinary: something for our new shared bedroom, perhaps?

The problem is that there are a hundred things it could be, and it's too risky to take a blind guess.

"I want a hint," I say.

"And how do you plan on earning one?"

This is where things get tricky. I need to suggest something where I'll have the upper hand. I look down at the food in front of us. At the "Kitchen" box. At the lingerie that still clings to my body.

"I propose a staring contest," I say.

This seems to amuse him greatly. "A staring contest?"

"You heard me." I prop my elbow on the counter and lean toward him. "Basic rules. Whoever blinks or looks away first loses."

He smiles. "All right, then. Tell me when."

I straighten and meet his gaze. No point in dragging this out. He looks so arrogant, so sure of himself, and I'd love nothing better than to shatter that confidence.

"Go." The word is hardly more than a whisper, but I know he hears it. His pupils dilate and the corners of his eyes crinkle, but he holds my gaze.

For a long moment, he and I stare into each other's eyes. I can tell from his expression that he thinks he has the upper hand here. I've only ever been average at best at staring contests, but this time I have an advantage and I'm not afraid to use it.

Without breaking his gaze, I reach up and slide one of the lacy straps off of my shoulder. His irises jerk slightly, and I know he's spotted the movement at the very bottom of his field of vision, but he manages to maintain eye contact.

I remove the other strap next. From there, it's a simple manner to pull my arms out of the lacy bands and to pull the lingerie down off of my chest.

The amusement deepens in Calder's eyes. "I know what you're doing."

"Do you?" The lingerie is around my waist now, and I reach up and slide my hand across my breast. My fingers move across the delicate skin of my areola, brushing against a nipple that's already prickling in the cool air.

"I think," he says, "that for all your accusations of cheating, you have no qualms about doing it yourself."

"How am I cheating?" I say innocently. I close my thumb and forefinger around my nipple and give a little squeeze. I suck in a breath at the little jolt of pleasure, and Calder's eyes twitch again in response, but he still doesn't look down.

"You know exactly how you're cheating," he says. "You don't need me to tell you."

"I'm not cheating. I'm merely giving my breasts some fresh air." I give my nipple another twist. "And a nice little massage."

"You're trying to distract me."

"And how does it feel to know that I'm touching myself, right here under your nose, and you can't even look?"

His eyes gleam. "I think two can play at this game, Lily."

I sense movement out of the bottom edge of my eye, and I know that he's not about to go down without a fight. I can't tell exactly what he's doing-unbuttoning his shirt, maybe?-but he won't catch me so easily. Time to crank things up a notch.

"It's so warm in here," I say. "I think I'll be more comfortable if I'm completely naked." Carefully, so that I don't accidentally break eye contact, I slide the lingerie down over my hips. I have no idea how much Calder can see without looking away, but I can tell he's enjoying the show. His pupils are so large that his eyes look nearly black.

"Do you want me to get naked too?" he asks.

"I want you to imagine what you're missing," I say, giving my breast a final caress before moving my hand down my body. If he won't look, then I'll just have to describe it for him. "I'm sliding my hand down my stomach. Do you want to know where it's going next?"

"Dare I ask?"

I lean toward him and drop my voice to a husky whisper. "I'm going to touch myself. I'm going to slide my fingers between my legs and stroke myself until-"

Calder moves quickly. Before I even have the chance to claim victory, he has me in his arms and is pressing me back against the counter.

"Fine," he growls. "You win."

He kisses me fiercely, then I laugh and wrap my arms around him as he buries his face in my hair. His hand sneaks down between my legs to the same place my own hand was only moments ago.

"Do I get my hint now?" I ask.

"In a minute."

I laugh again. "At this rate we're never going to get anything done."

"That's the point." He moves his hand, and I consent to let his fingers continue their caresses.

After a moment, though, just when I'm growing breathless and weak in the knees, he lifts his head and says, "Ask me a question."

"A question?"

"A 'yes or no' question about the present. I promise I'll answer it truthfully. It's a fair opportunity for a hint, I think."

I consider this while I reach down and pull up the lingerie. On the one hand, he's allowing me to lead the discussion-which, if I'm smart, should give me a nice advantage-but alternately, it provides a greater opportunity for failure, too. If I ask the right question I might be able to make a solid guess immediately, but if I ask the wrong one, I'll be left without any useful information at all. Should I ask about the gift's size? Purpose? Shape? Restricting it to 'yes or no' questions makes it a little more difficult.

I decide to take a chance.

"Is my gift currently in this apartment?" I ask.

His brow creases. "I must admit, that's not the sort of question I was expecting."

"No?" I say, flashing him a smile. I think it's a brilliant question, if I do say so myself.

Calder is studying me carefully. His shirt is still unbuttoned, and I reach over and run a finger down his chest.

"Aren't you going to answer?" I say. "Remember-no tricks."

He catches my hand. "I'm afraid that you're trying to trick me. But to answer your question-yes. Yes, it's in this apartment. I should think that was obvious."

"Perhaps, but now I'm sure." His confirmation has proved several things: first, that his present is a physical object-not a "favor" or some other intangible thing. Secondly, it's a physical object that's small enough to fit within these walls-so no shiny new BMW with a giant bow. Not that that's the sort of thing I'd want anyway. Calder knows me better than that.

And if the gift's in this apartment, then it's not in plain sight. At least, I think I would have noticed a giant wrapped box in the middle of the floor. That means it's stuffed away somewhere else. In a suitcase, perhaps, or hidden among our other things.

I turn and stride back into the living room. Calder follows.

"What are you doing?" he says.

"Just having a quick look around."

"Sounds like cheating."

"Oh, please. You never specified that I couldn't do a little investigating." I flick open the top of the nearest cardboard box. He wouldn't risk damaging the present by packing it poorly, so wherever he's hidden it, it's probably on top of his other things. I find nothing but books in the first box, so I move on to another.

"You think you're very clever," he muses.

"You're just angry because your game isn't working out the way you expected."

The second box has a bunch of odds and ends, but nothing resembling a gift. On to the third. But before I can get it open, Calder has me by the waist.

"Hey," I say, batting at him. "What are you-"

Before I can finish, the world flips around me. Suddenly I'm over Calder's shoulder, his strong arm around my waist to hold me in place.

"Put me down!" I say.

"I don't think so."

"Seriously? Is this your reaction to everything? To just pick me up whenever I'm not doing what you'd like?" This isn't the first time Calder's hurled me over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes, and I'm not going to stand for it.

But he doesn't respond. Instead, he weaves his way across the room toward the master bedroom.

"What about your game?" I ask. "What about your rules?" He doesn't seem inclined to answer me, though, so I reach down and give him a nice smack on the ass.

"Ah," he says. "Is that how you want to play this?"

He pauses at the doorway to the bedroom to reach up and push the lingerie up past the curve of my bottom, leaving me completely bare. Then, without warning, he brings his hand down sharply against one naked cheek.

I let out a sound that can only be described as a squeak. "What are you doing?"

"You spank me, I spank you."

"Are we children now?"

He chuckles. "I, for one, am feeling very adult." He slaps my ass again, making me flinch, but instead of removing his hand for another smack, he slides his fingers along my cheek and between my legs. "Very, very adult."

"So we're back to sex, are we?" I say, wriggling.

"You seem ready for it." His fingers move along my wetness.

"We're in the middle of a game! You're not allowed to do anything to me unless I make a wrong guess!"

Calder's moving again, carrying me into the bedroom. We left the mattress in the middle of the floor, and this is where Calder drops me.

"All right, then," he says, hovering over me. "Make a guess."

I cross my arms. "I was attempting to make a logical guess, but you interrupted my very important research."

He leans down so his face is just above mine. "Did it ever occur to you that I don't want you to make a logical guess?"

"Oh, I have no doubt that you'd prefer me to make a dozen wrong guesses and have me at your beck and call all night. But what sort of game would it be if I just let you win?"

He shakes his head, but I can tell he's enjoying this.

"Very well," he says. "What would you like to do, then? Should we play for another hint?"

"If you think I'll just-"

I'm interrupted by the buzzing of his cell phone. He lets out a sigh and sits back on his heels.

"I'm sorry," he says, reaching into his pocket. I prop myself up on my elbows as he glances down at the screen.

"Work?"

He frowns and gives a single shake of his head. "It's that same unknown number."

"Should you answer it?"

His thumb hovers over the button for a moment, but then he smirks and tosses his phone aside.

"There's something else I'd much rather be doing," he says, leaning over me again.

I smile. "That sounds like a good plan to me, too."

I reach up and grab him by the shoulders, pulling him on top of me. His mouth comes down on mine, and our legs tangle as we kiss.

"I've thought of the next challenge," I whisper against his lips.

"Mm? What's that?"

"First person to laugh loses."

He pulls back slightly. "What sort of challenge is that?"

"This kind." My hands are beneath his open shirt, and I skim my fingers over the muscles of his back before slipping them beneath his arms.

He flinches at the first gentle touch against his armpit. Months of dating have taught me exactly where he's ticklish.

Unfortunately, that means he's had plenty of time to learn my spots, too.

He attacks me before I have a chance to brace myself, his fingers fluttering beneath my arms and across my belly and at the small of my back as I try helplessly to roll away from his advances. I squeal at the onslaught, then quickly bite down on my bottom lip. I will not be the first one to laugh.

The best defense in this situation is a counterattack, and I continue my assault on the sensitive skin of his armpits. He tries to jerk away from my touch, but as much as he struggles, he still has me at a disadvantage. I should have waited until we were standing before I issued the challenge, but instead I'm stuck on my back beneath him. If I'm going to gain the upper hand, I need to get out from under him.

I lunge for the edge of the mattress. My fingers brush the carpet, but Calder is fast. He grabs me and continues to tickle every bit of skin he can reach.

"Let me-ahhh-let me go!" I cry. I twist in his arms, but his fingers are everywhere.

I can't help it. As much as I try to fight it, as hard as I bite down on my lip-it's no use. I laugh. I laugh until there are tears streaming out of the corners of my eyes. Until my stomach aches and my throat hurts and I'm completely out of breath.

Calder is laughing too. He's enjoying his victory. My cheeks go hot at the arrogant look on his face, but I have to admit that he put up a good fight.

"Looks like we're one-and-one," he says, grinning down at me.

"Rub it in, why don't you?"

He sits back and pulls me up into his arms. I'm still shaky and breathless, and the hungry way he's looking at me does little to calm my racing heart. I've lost, and now I have to face the consequences.

I do my best to look perturbed. "What are your demands, O victor?"

His answering chuckle sends butterflies to flight in my stomach. How, after all these months, does he still have such power over my nerves?

But it's not my body's response that truly amazes me-it's my mind's. Months ago, when I first met Calder, I tried to resist the reactions of my flesh, but these days I'd happily surrender myself to them again and again. That's the exhilarating thing-the knowledge that no matter what he desires, no matter what he asks me to do, I won't even hesitate. Sure, I'll put on a show of indignity and outrage, but that only fuels both of our appetites; this back-and-forth is a way of feeding the flames that already burn brightly within us.

And by the current look on Calder's face, I know that I'm about to dive headfirst into a blazing inferno.

CHAPTER THREE

Calder's thumb dances across my cheek. He leans in, his breath stirring my hair, but for a long moment he doesn't speak.

As the silence stretches between us, I pull back slightly so I can look him in the eyes. His dark irises hold a world of emotion, and though the desire is still there, there's something deeper too. Something infinitely more meaningful.

"The prize I ask," he says, "is that you be completely honest with me."

I frown as confusion and hurt battle within me. "You... you think I'm not honest with you?"

He shakes his head quickly-vehemently-but it's not enough to quiet the emotions that have suddenly flickered to life in my gut.

"That's not what I meant," he says. "I'm going to ask you a question, and I'd like for you to answer it as honestly as possible."

Our conversation's sudden shift in tone makes me nervous, but I nod. I want to know what's going on in his head.

Calder reaches over and takes a lock of my hair in his hand. He twirls it slowly between his fingers as if studying the way the strands move against each other. When he speaks, his tone is thoughtful.

"Is there anything you would change between us?"

It's not a question I was expecting. I lean back, trying to understand through my shock why he'd ask something like that.

"What do you mean?" I hear myself say. Inside my head, the questions are swirling: Is he unhappy? Is he suddenly questioning our decision to move in together? We've only been dating about half a year; maybe he's second-guessing our decision to move so quickly.

Calder looks up at my face again, but I don't get any answers from his expression.

"I just want to know that you're happy," he says finally.

"What kind of question is that? Of course I'm happy." I continue to search his face but get nothing. "And I'm not exactly the kind of person who keeps quiet if someone's doing something that pisses me off."

He gives a little smile. "I know that, but I'm aiming for something a little higher than 'doesn't piss you off'."

"I love you. You know that." I manage to keep my voice steady, but the worry is still alive and well in my chest. Why is he suddenly acting so strange? A minute ago we were happily rolling around on the mattress together. How can he doubt how I feel about him?

Calder finally seems to understand how he sounds, though, because he sits up and yanks his fingers through his hair.

"This is coming out wrong," he says. He leans forward and cups my face. "I love you, Lily. More than anything. But saying those words isn't enough. I want to show you that I love you. Every single day. Moving into this place-deciding to live together-this gives me that chance." His thumb brushes along my jawline. "We've seen a lot of each other, yes, but sharing the same home is a different thing entirely. You learn things about people when you live with them. Good things, of course-wonderful things-but bad things, too. We might discover that some of our day-to-day habits annoy each other. We might argue over whose turn it is to do the dishes or take out the garbage. We'll probably have more than a few disputes about money or schedules or a hundred other things that come up when a couple decides to take this step."

I'm still confused.

"I know that," I say gently. "But that's all part of growing together, isn't it? I don't expect either of us to be perfect. Sure, we'll have disagreements, but living together won't automatically turn us into a couple that bickers all the time. Is that what you're worried about?" My stomach is in knots. Why is he only telling me about these doubts now?

But again he shakes his head.

"I'm not worried about bickering," he says, a hint of amusement reaching his eyes. "If arguments were enough to tear us apart, we were doomed from the start. And if any of our disagreements ever get out of hand, I can think of more than a few ways we might negotiate." He lets a finger drift up my inner thigh, toward the place where I'm still wet from our recent activities.

I shiver at the advance. "Then what are you talking about?"

"You deserve... everything," he says. "I know that there's no such thing as a perfect relationship, but I'll be damned if I don't try. Lily, you've made me happier than I ever thought I could be, and I plan to do everything in my power to show you what you mean to me. That means listening-and growing. That means making an effort to have discussions where we can share our concerns."

I try to read the truth in his eyes. "Do you have concerns?"

"That's precisely what I'm trying to ask you. If you could change anything between us, then what would it be?"

"I don't think like that." I place my hand over his on my cheek. "Calder, I don't need perfection. Not even close. God, can you imagine how boring we'd be if everything was hunky-dory all the time?"

That draws a smile out of him. "Hunky-dory?"

I roll my eyes. "You know what I mean. We could have a crazy, fucked-up disaster of a relationship and someone would still have to beat me over the head with a sledgehammer to drag me away from you." I wince a little as the words leave my lips. "Or, you know, something that sounds a little less obsessive."

He actually laughs out loud this time, and I relax a little.

"What are you so worried about?" I venture a final time. "I agreed to live with you, didn't I? I'm pretty much one hundred percent behind this thing you and I have going on."

He wraps his arms around me and draws me up into his lap. His chin rests on the top of my head.

"You mean the world to me," he says. His thumb draws circles on my back.

For a moment, I just let him hold me. I'm still not sure I understand what's going on in his head, why he's suddenly acting so strange. If he's having second thoughts, why won't he just say it? But, no-it sounds a lot more like he thinks I am having second thoughts. I've told him again and again what he means to me, shown him with touches and looks. I've shared secrets with him-and kept his own. How can he doubt my feelings now?

And I'm being honest when I say I wouldn't change anything between us. Those bumps we've experienced over the course of our relationship helped shaped us into the couple we are today. Every fight, every misunderstanding, every moment I wanted to punch him in the face-those are our moments, and I wouldn't trade them for anything.

"Your dad still doesn't like me much," Calder says, his hands tightening around me. "Not that I blame him, after everything I did to the Center. After everything I dragged you through."

"He knows you're a good man," I say quickly. "He's just overprotective."

"He's important to you. And that makes him important to me." He pulls back so he can look me in the face. "I want you to know that I never want to come between you and your father."

Is that what he's so worried about? "Dad likes you. He may have a funny way of showing it sometimes, but give him time. He'll come to love you as much as I do."

Calder gives a small smile and brushes the hair off of my forehead.

"That's my hope," he says.

"If Dad had a real problem with you," I assure him, "then he'd let me know. And believe me, he wouldn't let you set foot in the Center. He's just worried about me. He's never seen me so... so crazy over a guy before. He's afraid I'm going to get hurt again. But I know better. And with time, he'll see it too. He'll warm up to you, I promise."

Some of the tension leaves Calder's brow. He nods, smiling, but the expression doesn't quite reach his eyes.

Family is something of a sore subject for Calder. His relationship with his own father was very complicated, and the man's death hit him very hard. As for his sister... don't even get me started. Seeing Calder look so uncertain, so vulnerable... it scares me. I've always known my dad's opinion was important to him, but I never realized it was bothering him so much. He's normally so self-assured that I'm not sure how to chase away his fears.

Except, perhaps, with my body. When words fail, our bodies will always find a way to communicate.

"I'd like to take a guess," I say.

His nose wrinkles in confusion. "A guess?"

"We're in the middle of a game, remember? I'd like to make a guess."

He nods, but I know he's still puzzled by the sudden shift in conversation.

"Go ahead." His tone suggests he's willing to humor me, even if he's not convinced this is the best course of action. That makes my next move all the more important; I'm determined to assuage all of his fears.

"I think you got me..." I glance around the room, my mind scrambling for an idea, but the perfect answer hits me all on its own.

"Pickles," I finish boldly.

Calder is speechless. But I'm not done.

"Dill pickles, I think," I say. "A whole jar of fat, juicy, disgusting..."

Calder's caught on now, and the wicked spark I know and love returns to his eyes.

"That's the wrong answer, sweet one," he says. Little by little, the shadows are leaving his face. It gives me the confidence to press on.

"Is it?" I say.

He shakes his head at my oh-so-obvious ploy. "Do you remember what I said would happen if you guessed wrong?"

"I remember you saying you would enjoy it."

He chuckles. "Someone's extra cheeky tonight, isn't she?"

"I have no idea what you're talking about." I pull out of his arms. If he wants "cheeky," that's what I'll give him. I roll over onto my hands and knees with my ass-hanging gloriously out of the bottom of the lingerie-in full view.

"Silly little Lily," Calder murmurs. "You give yourself over to the devil so easily..." His hands slide over the curved flesh of my bottom. His fingers curl, the nails digging into the soft skin, and I whimper at the rush of pleasure and pain.

"I think," he says, "you've forgotten that you've lost this round. We're supposed to be playing this by my rules."

I wiggle my hips in reply, and he tightens his grip.

"What will it be?" he says. "Should I bind you? Blindfold you? Gag you? That little tongue of yours does seem to cause you trouble..."

He releases his grip on my ass and grabs me by the waist. Before I have a chance to give him my answer, he flips me over onto my back.

"Come to think of it, there are other things I'd much rather do with your tongue," he says.

His mouth comes down on mine hard and fast, and our tongues meet each other in desperate hunger. He lowers his body onto mine, and I spread my legs and let his groin press against me. He's rock hard beneath his jeans, and I wriggle a hand between our bodies to try and touch him.

"I can think... of one more thing... I can do with my tongue," I rasp between the incessant attacks of his lips. I give him a squeeze for good measure.

Calder groans in response, and he tears himself away from me to sit back on his heels.

"Is that what you want?" He unzips his pants, setting himself free for the second time tonight.

"You know what I want," I purr. I sit up and crawl toward him.

But I've hardly parted my lips before he reaches out and grabs me by the hair, pulling my head back from his hard length.

"My, but we're eager tonight," he says. "Tell me, Lily. Tell me what you want."

"I want you."

"So we're playing coy now?"

"I want to suck your cock," I say obediently.

That seems to satisfy him. His eyes flash, and he releases my hair and stands up. I move forward and take his shaft in my hand, then lower my head to pleasure him.

It doesn't take long before I'm convinced he's forgotten all about his worries. He tangles his hands in my hair, digging his fingers into my scalp and guiding my movements as I show him exactly what I can do with my tongue.

"Lily..." he gasps.

I know just how to tease him with my mouth, just how to draw him slowly and deliciously to the brink. For every secret he's learned about my body since we started dating, I've learned something about him, too. Every ragged breath, every moan, every desperate twist of his fingers is testament to the intimate truths I've discovered about him. And I'm nowhere close to finished learning yet.

I slowly draw the length of him out of my mouth. Leaving my lips pressed against the tip, I look up at him with wide eyes. His own eyes are glazed with lust, but they gleam with relish at my earnest expression.

"I've thought of my next challenge," I say, letting my mouth brush against him as I speak.

He grips my scalp. "Your what?"

"For the next hint." I flick my tongue across his swollen head.

He draws in a shallow breath. "Now?"

I smile at the restraint in his voice. His entire body is rigid, as if he's just barely managing to hold himself back from driving his hard length into my mouth.

"Ten seconds," I say. "If you can hold out that long, you win. Otherwise you owe me another hint."

He considers this proposition, but not for long. He knows that every moment he spends thinking is one less moment my lips are around him.

"Fine," he says. "Ten seconds."

I grab his phone from the floor next to him and quickly set the alarm before dropping it again. My mouth is on him again before the cell even hits the mattress beside me.

Ten.

He was close before, but I know he'll be doing everything in his power to hold back now. There's tension in every muscle in his body, but I know exactly what he likes.

Nine.

I tighten my grip around the base of him and stroke him from the bottom as my mouth moves downward from the tip.

Eight.

He groans and drops his hands to my shoulders.

Seven.

He can't keep himself from bucking his hips once, twice.

Six.

I swirl my tongue around the swollen head of his arousal.

Five.

He's tugging on my hair again. His moans are becoming more guttural.

Four.

I hum while my mouth's around him, making him squirm.

Three.

His groans turn into curses.

He explodes a full two seconds before the alarm goes off, and despite all of his swearing, he seems to enjoy losing this particular contest. He sinks back down to his knees and wraps me in his arms.

"Fuck, that was good," he murmurs against my hair.

We collapse together on the mattress. At this rate, we're going to be passed out from exhaustion long before we finish the game. Between our exertions and the move, my muscles ache with fatigue. I don't even want to think about the unpacking we should be doing right now-and all the work that awaits us tomorrow.

I let my hand glide across his hard stomach. His chest is still heaving up and down, and I revel in the fact that, even now, I can do this to him. I can make him so wild that he loses all self-control. I can bring him such pleasure that it overrides even his naturally competitive nature. I only hope that I've managed to put his mind at ease once more-that, for now, he's utterly convinced of my desire for him,

"So," I say, flipping over so that I'm partially on top of him. "How about that hint?"

He gives a breathless chuckle. "Can't a man recover first?"

"You're very demanding for someone who just lost a challenge." I grin and tilt my head, letting my hair fall across his chest. The strands are a tangled mess right now, but Calder doesn't seem to mind. He runs his fingers through the waves.

He gives a playful, over-exaggerated sigh. "Fine. What's your question?"

This time I'm ready. I don't expect to be able to pull off a trick like last time-even if I still contend that I was merely being clever, not cheating-so I need to start narrowing down the details one by one.

"Is it something for our apartment?"

"I'm sorry, love, but I'm afraid it's not."

"Really?" Well, that does shrink the guessing pool, doesn't it? But if it's not for our apartment-well, it could be for anything else.

"Unhappy with that answer?" His eyes crinkle.

"Just... confused." I sit up. "You're making this very, very difficult, you know."

"Me?" He doesn't bother to hold back his laughter. "You agreed to this little game, my dear. And you seem to be enjoying it so far."

I shake my head, unable to hide my own amusement. I am enjoying this. But I'd also hoped I'd be a little closer to the answer by now. All I know is that it's in the apartment but not for the apartment. I can only assume that that means it's explicitly for me-unless, of course, it's something for the bedroom. That sort of gift would be for him, too.

Then again, it's probably something really, really obscure. That way Calder can ensure that I'll make plenty of wrong guesses.

I shake my head. "What if I never guess it?"

The corner of his mouth twists up. "Then I suppose you'll be stuck here as my sex slave forever. Unless, of course, I take pity on you and decide to hand it over anyway."

I give him a playful smack on the shoulder. "I don't need your pity."

"Not yet, anyway."

My glare doesn't even faze him.

Nor does the knocking. In fact, we're several minutes into our little standoff before I realize the pounding isn't coming from my own thumping heart.

"Is that our door?" I say.

Who could be knocking on our door? Especially at this hour? I haven't had a chance to give everyone our new address yet. I suppose the delivery guy could be paying us a return visit-maybe he forgot one of our dishes and we didn't notice?-but it seems a little late for that. Maybe the walls were even thinner than we thought and one of the neighbors has come to complain. Calder's already climbing to his feet, and he pulls me up beside him. We return to the living room together.

The pounding is growing louder, more insistent.

"Stay back," Calder tells me. I can tell by his expression that he, too, is unnerved by this late-night visitor. I'm about to suggest that we ignore the knocking and hope whoever it is goes away when our unexpected guest stops pounding and starts yelling through the door.

"Come on, Calder! I know you're in there!"

I freeze. Why is a woman screaming through our door? Why is she looking for Calder?

I glance over at him, and it appears that he's just as shocked as I am. He's frozen, stunned.

"Who is it?" I hiss. If she doesn't hear us, there's still a chance she'll give up and go away. I steal a glance at the door, and I'm relieved to see that both the deadbolt and the chain are in place.

"Dammit!" shouts the woman. "Let me in, Calder!"

Calder is staring straight at the door, and his hands have curled into fists. He doesn't appear to have heard my initial question, so I try again.

"Who is she?" I ask, a little louder this time. "What does she want?" Is this some angry ex-girlfriend come to bring her wrath down upon his new apartment? But that doesn't make any sense-we've both had long talks about our past relationships, and I can't think of anyone from his past who'd show up out of the blue like this.

It takes Calder a minute to turn his head toward me. When he does, he looks positively stricken. I swear he's a shade paler than usual.

"It's Louisa," he says, his confusion clear in his voice.

Louisa? I'm certain I know that name, but it takes a moment for everything to click in my head.

No, she's not an ex-girlfriend, but rather something much, much more complicated.

Calder seems aware of that complication, too. He's already turning back toward the door, his brow wrinkling in some mash-up of emotions I can't even begin to name.

When he does speak, it's as if he's saying the words to himself, confirming that yes, she is at his-our-door.

"My sister."

CHAPTER FOUR

What the hell?

I'm not even sure what to think right now. This is the girl who left Calder alone to deal with the aftermath of their father's death. While he was mucking through the financial mess they inherited and fighting off swarms of paparazzi, she was happily at work over in Thailand. Family is supposed to stick together during the rough times-and Louisa abandoned him. She's the only other remaining Cunningham, and yet she took off to the other side of the world when he needed her most. And now she thinks she can just show up at our new apartment and scream at him to let her in?

No. This is supposed to be a special night for me and Calder, and I'm not about to let her ruin it.

I storm across the floor to the door and fling open the lock. Louisa stops her incessant knocking at the jingle of the chain, and her shouting turns to laughter even before I've opened the door.

"Geez, Calder, what took you so-" Her voice cuts off and her eyes widen when she finds me, not her brother, staring back at her.

"Can I help you?" I say. I don't even attempt to sound friendly.

"I'm..." She glances past me, but I've only opened the door partway and I'm not sure if she can see Calder. "I'm looking for my brother. Calder Cunningham?"

I'm about to tell her off, but suddenly Calder's beside me, pulling the door out of my death grip.

"Louisa," he says, his voice completely flat.

I glance between the siblings. Their blood relation is obvious; while Calder's significantly taller than Louisa, they both have the same dark eyes and hair. Louisa's is tied back in a ponytail, but several curls have come loose to dangle around her heart-shaped face. Her tight black pants and turtleneck make her already petite figure look even tinier.

For a moment, the two of them stare each other down. Calder's never talked much about his sister, and I've never pressed the subject. I'm not sure what their relationship was like before their father's death, but it certainly isn't very good now.

Louisa breaks eye contact first. She glances back over her shoulder, outside of the apartment.

"Look," she says, "I know that this is a little weird, but can I come in for a bit?"

Calder doesn't even blink. "What did you do?"

"Nothing that bad." She shrugs. "At least, nothing I think you'd actually disapprove of, given the circumstances." She throws another glance over her shoulder. "Come on, Cal, I'll explain everything."

Cal?

For a moment I think he's going to shut the door in her face, but Calder heaves a sigh and steps aside, letting his sister into our home. He shoots me an apologetic look over her curly head, but before I can return a What the hell are you thinking? glare, Louisa is bounding over to me.

"You must be Lily," she says.

I take her outstretched hand, even though I'd rather shove her right back out the door. "I didn't realize you knew about me."

"I have my sources." She smiles, then steps back again to inspect me from head to toe. It's not until her eyes nearly bug out of her head that I realize I'm still wearing my very short, very sheer lingerie.

I quickly cross my arms across my body, but it's too late.

"Oh God," she says. "Did I interrupt something?" She looks back and forth between the two of us, but Calder's no more dressed than I am. He lost his shirt somewhere during our last little activity, and his pants are zipped but not buttoned.

I'm not sure which of the three of us is the brightest shade of fuchsia. But it's Louisa who suddenly-unapologetically-bursts into laughter.

"Geez, Cal! You should have told me," she wheezes out. "I never... I never..." She dissolves into giggles again.

"I wasn't aware you'd be showing up on my doorstep," Calder says, fastening his fly. "I wasn't aware you were even in town."

She wipes a tear from the corner of her eye. "I called you half a dozen times. You never picked up. And your voice mailbox is full, by the way."

Half a dozen... Of all the explanations for those Unknown calls Calder's been getting all evening, this is the last thing I expected.

Calder is rubbing his forehead. "What happened to your old number?"

"That's a long story."

"Everything is, isn't it?" He yanks a hand through his hair. "Care to tell me what you're doing here? Aren't you supposed to be in Thailand right now?"

I've managed to edge my way over to one of the suitcases, and I quickly lean down-careful to keep my ass from hanging out, of course-and flick it open. To my dismay, it's mostly socks and underwear, but I manage to find a tank top and some sleep shorts among the contents, and I tug them on over my current lacy number.

Meanwhile, Louisa's gone from jovial to subdued, though there's still a flash of rebellion in her eyes as she looks up at her older brother.

"My program in Chiang Mai got cut short. It's... complicated."

"Is it?" Calder's voice is even, but I know better. "And how exactly did you end up here?"

Louisa sighs and leans back against the wall. "I wasn't planning on just showing up like this. But I was desperate. And I may have done something a little stupid."

"Spit it out, Louisa."

"Nothing that bad." She tugs at one of her curls. "I just paid our old place a little visit."

Calder's head jerks up. "You went out to the estate?"

My stomach clenches. Calder had to sell the Cunningham property after his father's death, and the loss of the family's estate hit him hard-especially after he learned that the new owner meant to turn the elaborate mansion and grounds into an attraction for the general public. I was with him the last time he set foot on the property, the night he had to come to grips with the fact that his childhood home-the symbol of the life he'd lived up until that point-would become a tourist destination.

We've spoken of it since, and though he seems to have accepted the estate's fate, he doesn't seem inclined to dwell on it. After all, he has a new home now; we have a new home. I find myself subconsciously reaching for him, wanting to grip his hand, but he's too far away.

But if Louisa has any idea what emotional shit her brother's been through over that place, she doesn't show it.

"Have you seen what they're doing to it?" she says. "It's ridiculous! They tore down all these trees in front of the gate to build this gargantuan parking lot. And over where the orchards used to be? They're putting in a golf course. A friggin' golf course!"

"What they've chosen to do with the estate is no longer our concern," Calder says. "But what does this have to do with you appearing on my doorstep?"

Louisa rubs the back of her neck. "I may have snuck in and spray-painted a few obscene words on the green."

Okay-so for a minute I'm actually a little impressed.

"A couple of rent-a-cops caught me in the act," Louisa continues. "I managed to outrun them, but I think they got my tags as I drove off. I thought of pulling over and spending the night at some roadside motel, but I had a feeling they might send the real police after me. They've got a full security team over there-they're not going to take something like this lightly."

"Maybe you should have thought about that before you broke onto the property and committed vandalism." Calder's tone is unforgiving.

"Come on," Louisa says. "Admit it. You're a little bit proud of me."

"Actually, I'm a little bit pissed that you decided to bring this problem to my home. Should I expect a visit from the police at three in the morning?"

"Don't be so dramatic. It might be nothing. I just need a place to sleep for the night. I'll figure out the rest in the morning."

Calder holds out his arms. "And do you see a place to sleep around here?"

He's so angry that I can see the blood pulsing at his temple, but his voice remains as calm as the sea before a storm. However this ends, it's not going to be pretty. I step forward and gently touch his arm. His muscles stiffen beneath my touch, then relax slightly.

"Would you like something to drink, Louisa?" I say as politely as I can.

Calder's sister doesn't look nearly as worked up as he does. In fact, she looks rather amused by this entire situation.

"Call me Lou," she says cheerfully. "And I'd love a drink."

I lead her into the kitchen, shooting Calder a look of sympathy over my shoulder as I go. Maybe when he's had a moment to take a deep breath, he'll figure out the best course of action from here. In the meantime, it's going to take everything in my power to keep from strangling Louisa-Lou-myself.

Our Chinese food is still on the counter, and I offer her an egg roll as I sift through the boxes for a glass. She munches away and nods when I wave at the bottle of red wine we left unfinished.

"So," she says, leaning toward me across the counter as if we're old friends. "You two are living together. Must be pretty serious then, huh?"

I nod. "I guess so."

She smiles. The left side of her mouth curls up a little more than the right-just like Calder's. Up close, it's remarkable how alike they are, and in spite of myself, I find my heart softening a little.

But she still showed up uninvited in the middle of my special night with Calder-upsetting him, no less-so she isn't off the hook just yet.

Lou, however, seems oblivious to my annoyance.

"How long have you two been dating?" she asks.

I don't really want to get into this right now. I want to get her fed and back out the door so Calder and I can get back down to our little game.

But I smile and say, "A little over six months."

"Wow." She seems genuinely pleased by this knowledge. "He must really like you."

I'm not really sure how to respond to that, so I shrug and say, "I hope so."

"If not, he's gotten himself into quite the predicament, hasn't he? It's never really a good idea to move in with someone. Unless you're married, I suppose-but even a lot of those end in divorce, don't they? It's a messy situation all around. Living together just makes everything that much more complicated when you break up." She takes another bite of egg roll. "Six months isn't a very long time, is it?"

I can only gape at her. Is she serious?

But Lou's not done yet.

"Not that I know. I mean, I know my brother, but he's never lived with a girl. Ever. And I don't know you at all." She cocks her head. "The main question here is whether or not you're good enough for him."

"Excuse me?"

"I've only got one brother. I need to look out for him." She shoves the final bite of egg roll into her mouth. "God, this is delicious. I'd almost forgotten how amazingly awful American Chinese food is."

She can chirp about the food all she wants, but I'm not about to let her question my relationship with Calder.

"Listen," I say. "I know you're his sister, but if you think you have the right to waltz in here and start making judgments about-"

The kitchen door flies open, and I clamp my lips together. But if Calder notices the mood in here, he doesn't acknowledge it. He still looks a little tense, but he's thrown on a shirt and seems to have calmed down significantly.

"I've pulled out some blankets for you," he says to his sister. "You can sleep in the guest bedroom."

Lou grins and leaps toward him, throwing her arms around his neck. "I knew you'd help me out." She gives him a kiss on the cheek.

It's the first physical contact between them since she showed up at our door-heck, probably the first physical contact they've had since their father's funeral, maybe even earlier. Calder looks taken aback by his sister's sudden display of affection; his shoulders are stiff and his back rigid. After a moment, though, his brow relaxes slightly. One of his arms moves slowly around her back, and he awkwardly returns her hug.

I suddenly feel like I'm intruding. There's a lot the two of them need to sort out, and they need to do it without me. There's a year or more of estrangement between them, and my presence in this little scene only complicates things.

I grab a carton of fried rice from the counter and slip past them out into the living room. The apartment suddenly feels very stuffy, so I head to the tiny balcony off of the master bedroom. There's no furniture out here yet, but I sit on the concrete and slide my legs between the wooden slats of the rail. The breeze feels nice against my cheeks, and even right now, when it's too dark to see any of the surrounding foliage, the air still smells sweet and green. If I close my eyes and breathe deeply, I can catch the first wisps of the bright, crisp scent of summer. It's the scent of new things-of growth and life and joy. It's the scent of hope.

After a moment, I open my eyes and pick at the fried rice. My belly aches with hunger after all the exercise Calder and I have had this evening, but I don't have much of an appetite. I force myself to take a few unenthusiastic bites before setting the carton aside and throwing my head back to look up at the stars.

There's a lot of light pollution here, but I can still make out a handful of the brighter constellations. For a moment, I think back to the night Calder and I slept on the lawn at the Cunningham estate. It was the last time either of us visited the place, the night all of Calder's grief and anger and frustration poured out of him and he trashed the mansion he once called home. We weren't supposed to be there-in fact, it was probably the very incident that prompted the property's new owner to hire the same security team that caught Lou in her own act of vandalism-but I'm not about to point that out to Calder. He's moved on from the person he was that night-though I know some of his wounds are still healing-and he's only trying to look out for her.

But dammit if I still don't want to punch her in the face. Just a little.

How could she suggest that we wouldn't last? That I might not be good enough for her brother? As if I were the one who ran off to the other side of the world when things got tough. Instead, I was the one who stood by Calder's side through the wild seas of his grief. I was the one who comforted him and supported him and assured him that he wasn't alone in his anguish. Where was she? She, out of everyone else in the world, might have truly understood what he was going through. They could have-should have-supported each other.

I wish I'd thought to bring the bottle of wine out here. A drink would be nice right now.

The hem of my lingerie has come untucked from my shorts, and I tug sadly at a bit of lace. There goes our little game.

But it's not just the disruption of our first night in our new home that bothers me. Calder was acting so strangely earlier-bringing up doubts and fears I didn't know he harbored. I thought I had the whole night to show him the truth, the whole night to prove-through words and touches and endearments-that I believe in what he and I have. Lou's appearance is more than a pesky little interruption. What if she tells Calder what she told me-that she thinks we're moving too fast? I don't want to start this new phase of our relationship with any uncertainties between us.

I'm not sure how long I sit there, gazing up at the sky and losing myself in my worries. I don't even hear the glass door sliding open behind me, and it's not until Calder places a warm hand on my shoulder that I realize I'm no longer alone.

He sits down just behind me, his chest against my back and his legs through the openings in the rail on either side of mine. His arms loop around my waist and he pulls me back against him, and for a long moment neither of us speaks.

"She's in the guest bedroom," he says. "I'm sorry you have to deal with this. She's so-well, she's been through a lot."

I want to remind him that he's been through a lot as well, that he doesn't have to make excuses for her, but I know it's not my place. She's his sister, whether I like it or not, and family trumps girlfriend. Why, the more I think about it, the more I realize how many similarities there are between this situation and the one with Calder and my dad. It doesn't matter how gentlemanly Calder behaves, or how many times he volunteers at the Center-my dad still has a tendency to blow hot and cold at him. But Calder's never complained. He's never questioned my dad's behavior, nor spoken a negative word against him at all. He respects that familial bond and my love for my dad too much.

If I can't offer him the same respect in return, then maybe I don't deserve him.

"You did the right thing," I tell him, though the words sound false on my tongue. "Do you think she's really in trouble?"

"Louisa's a handful," he says. "She's always been. But she has a gift for getting herself out of any scrapes she finds herself in."

It's difficult, after meeting her, to reconcile the real Lou with the one I've always imagined. Since Calder never really talked about her, I always pictured her as the girl they portrayed in the media: overly sweet and dedicated to her philanthropy. So dedicated that she chose to help people on the other side of the world over helping her brother. But I need to stop thinking like that. For better or for worse, she's still Calder's sister.

I want to ask him if she said anything about our relationship, if she gave voice to the doubts he's been feeling, but I don't want to sound insecure. I need to trust him.

"Is she... back for good?" I ask.

Calder sighs. "I don't know. We have a lot to catch up on." He strokes my inner arm with his thumb. "She's just... she can be reckless. But she's my sister, you know? She's the only family I have."

The only family. I'm not sure why his words hit me so hard, but my stomach twists.

"I feel like this is a second chance for Louisa and me," he says. "We've... we've drifted, these past few years. But we need each other now, more than ever."

I try not to think about what her continued presence in our lives might mean. She's no longer supported by her family's money-is Calder going to have to help support her until she finds a job on this side of the world? Calder seems to suggest this isn't completely abnormal behavior for her-does that mean this will become a regular thing, her causing trouble and showing up in the middle of the night?

Almost as soon as I think such thoughts, the shame hits. Who am I to brush off part of Calder's life because of a little inconvenience? I love Calder, and that means all of him. Crazy sister included. I might find this situation far from ideal, but it's not about me. It's about Calder, too. About us. I will push my selfish fears aside and accept the bad with the good.

I tilt my head back and nestle it under his chin. I can feel his heartbeat against my back. My hands find his in the darkness. He feels so steady, so solid, that I find my worries flitting away.

And then, in spite of everything, I laugh.

I laugh at the ridiculousness of it all. For someone who claims to love games-the playful back-and-forth, the rush of suspense, the unpredictability-I don't take surprises very well, do I?

My sudden outburst seems to shock Calder for a minute, and then he's laughing, too. It's one of the most beautiful sounds I've ever heard.

"You know," he murmurs in my ear, "Louisa's gone to bed. Our game doesn't have to be over yet."

"I hope not," I whisper in return. I wiggle my butt against his crotch. His body is already starting to respond, and hope flutters in my chest. Who says tonight can't still be something special?

"I've thought of another challenge," I say.

"Mm?" he responds, nuzzling my neck.

"Make me come in three minutes or less."

He chuckles and slides his hand between my legs.

"With pleasure."

CHAPTER FIVE

An hour later, I'm no closer to identifying my gift. I am, however, as exhausted and physically satisfied as I could ever hope to be.

"Are you sure you're human?" I ask Calder breathlessly. We've moved back inside and are now splayed across the mattress. "I didn't know it was possible for a mere mortal to have that much stamina."

He chuckles and twists my nipple slowly between his thumb and forefinger. "You should know better than that by now."

I do. I've never doubted that he is a bona fide master of sex.

I let my hand drift across his chest and lazily run my finger through his thin scattering of chest hair. He lets out a contented sigh and pulls me close. The weirdness from earlier seems to be gone-but I detect a little tension in his forehead and around his eyes. It's not every day that an estranged family member shows up on the doorstep, and for all his determination to mend things between himself and his sister, this will be hard on him.

But I hope, for my part, that I've set some of his worries about us to rest. That by holding him close and twisting my body around his and breathing his name into the dark I've managed to convince him that this, right here, is perfect just as it is. Warts and all. If there is any stress in his life, I don't want to be the cause of it.

And continuing our game is one way I can chase the last of those troubles away, at least for tonight.

"Don't you think it's time to take pity on me and just let me have my present?" I ask, running my hand down across his abs.

"Hm, that's a good question." He caresses my lower back. "I don't think so."

"No?"

"No. I enjoy watching you squirm too much."

I grasp his nipple and give it a twist. He jerks, laughing.

"Go on then," he says. "Name another challenge. I suggest you pick one you might actually win this time."

I push myself up on my elbow. "You just think you're so smooth, don't you?"

His mouth quirks. "A little smooth."

"Cocky bastard." I give his nipple another twist before sitting all the way up. "I, for one, think it's time for a shower. What do you say?"

His smile broadens into a devilish grin. "I think that's a very nice idea."

"Good." I climb to my feet. "Then I have my next challenge. The first one to find some shampoo in that minefield out there is the winner."

His eyes flash. "You just want another chance to scrounge around for your present."

"Maybe." I reach down and pull on my shorts. "Bonus points to whoever finds the towels." I grab my tank top from the floor. "And you're already behind."

He scrambles for his own clothes as I skip back into the living room. Quickly-but quietly, so I don't wake Lou-I began sifting through the boxes and bags, looking for anything that might resemble a gift. If I stumble across the shampoo, then all the better.

I'm on my third box by the time Calder joins me. I brace myself, expecting him to grab me from behind, but he heads for the boxes on the other side of the room.

Scratch that-he beelines for them. Either he knows exactly where the shampoo is, or he's trying to keep me from finding the gift.

I abandon the box of knick-knacks I'm currently searching and make my way across the room to where he's pawing through a large gray suitcase. It's one of his, and though it appears to contain mostly clothes, I dive right into the other side.

"Cheater," he whispers, nudging me with his elbow.

I stick my tongue out at him and keep searching. I don't see anything that might be a present, but I do spot a plastic bag with a bunch of toiletries inside.

Unfortunately, so does Calder. We both lunge for the bag at the same time, fingers scrabbling for the shampoo bottle.

"I saw it first," I say, trying to pry it out of his hand.

"Liar." He tugs on the other end of the bottle and nudges me in the side again.

With my free hand, I reach under his arm and try to tickle him, but it's a difficult angle and he twists easily away.

"Nice try." He gives the bottle a particularly hard tug, almost ripping it out of my hand, but I manage to hold on.

He's right next to me, his shoulder pressed against mine. I try to push him away with my elbow, but he's too strong. He doesn't even wobble.

Which means I only have one tool left at my disposal.

I lean closer to him, turning my head so that my mouth is right by his neck. I open my lips, extend my tongue, and slip it inside of his ear.

Calder jumps about a foot. A strangled sound of surprise escapes from his throat, and his fingers slip on the shampoo bottle. A quick jerk of my hand and the prize is mine.

"Well, look at that," I say, waving the shampoo bottle back and forth. "I won."

He growls and grabs me. I let out a squeal as he picks me up, and I can only hope that Lou's a very sound sleeper.

"Do you know what happens to cheaters?" Calder's voice is a rumble in my ear. "They get punished for their indiscretions."

The promise in his words sends a shiver down my spine. He carries me into the bathroom, setting me down only so that he can flick on the shower.

"Dirty little cheaters need a thorough washing," he says, tugging my tank top over my head. My shorts go next. I lost the lingerie somewhere during our last little game, so now I'm completely naked. Not that that's anything new for me.

"I think, since we live together now, we should institute a no-clothes policy while we're at home," I say. "It would make things exponentially easier for us."

"Naughty little tease," he says, pulling me hard against his hips. "You realize if we had it your way, we'd never get anything else done?"

"And what's the problem with that?" I start undressing him.

"We'd probably starve to death."

"That's why they invented delivery."

"And we'd never get any sleep. We'd be exhausted all the time."

"We can sleep when we're dead."

"I'd probably forget to go to work."

"I have plenty of work for you here."

"Money?"

"We could film ourselves and sell the videos over the internet."

"Mm," he says, sliding his hands over my ass. "You seem to have all of this planned."

"I'm very, very thorough in my planning."

"I see. I'm liking this more and more." One of his hands moves lower, his fingers slipping between my thighs from behind. "We might have to make an exception for company, though. We might scare them off if we appear at the door completely naked."

His comment is, intentionally or not, a call back to reality-a reminder that Lou, currently holed up in our guest bedroom, didn't seem the least bit put off by our state of undress when she barged in. I fight down the flicker of resentment in my chest. I have no right to be bitter or annoyed by her presence here. If my dad showed up at the door needing help, I'd have welcomed him in without question-and Calder would have as well.

But I don't want to think about Lou right now-not with this stunning specimen of a man currently undressing in front of me. Why modeling agents aren't perpetually knocking down our door with contracts, I'll never know. I can see him on the magazine cover now: his gorgeous body stretched out on some white sand beach, every hard muscle exposed to the camera lens... well, except that muscle, of course, which is for me and me alone. They'll have to cover it tastefully with a towel or something.

"Oh!" I say, suddenly remembering. "We forgot towels."

"Who needs towels?" Calder, fully nude once more, pulls me up against him. "I can dry you off. Not that I mind you wet..."

It's a very tempting offer, but I haven't completely lost all rational thought just yet.

"Why don't you go ahead and hop in the shower," I say. "I'll be right back." I pull his head down and give him a kiss that makes it very clear what I plan to do with him when I return, and then I head back to the living room.

I'm pretty sure I stuffed my towels in a garbage bag when I was packing; it's just a matter of finding the right one. I spot a couple of bags on the other side of the room, so I head there first. They're right next to the guestroom door, so I'm extra careful to be quiet as I sift through the crinkling plastic.

It takes three bags to find the towels, but I'm finally rewarded by the brush of terrycloth beneath my fingers. The towels are wedged deep beneath a down comforter, and I silently curse my poor packing skills as I dump everything on the floor. I'm just grabbing the towels when I hear it.

At first, I think it's just a television-from our neighbors above us, perhaps-but then I realize it's coming from the guest bedroom, and I recognize Lou's voice.

Crap. I didn't realize she was awake. Here I am, butt-ass naked outside her door. With my luck she'll decide she needs to use the bathroom or grab a glass of water or something.

She seems to be on the phone. I don't mean to eavesdrop, but it's impossible not to catch a few words.

"As soon as possible," she says. She pauses-listening to the person on the other end of the line, I assume-before adding, "It doesn't matter. Just put anything on there. No... something that sounds like a real name. But not too strange. Something generic." Another pause. "Fine. That's fine. Just hurry."

In spite of myself, I'm drawn closer to the door. I know I shouldn't be listening, but something about this doesn't sound right.

Lou is sounding more and more exasperated. "It doesn't matter. As long as it looks real." Pause. "I'm not trying to trick the CIA. Just get past the hiring manager." Pause. "Light brown is fine. I'll get it chemically straightened if I have to."

Okay, something is definitely not right here. I don't know what Lou is planning, but it doesn't sound good. Or particularly legal.

When she speaks again, her voice is lower. I want to take another step closer to the door, but the warning bells are going off in my head. Do I really want to get in the middle of this? The more I know, the more complicated it gets.

But this is Calder's sister. Whatever trouble Lou has gotten herself into will be Calder's problem as well. I have to know what's going on.

I'm within inches of the door now. I can hear the hum of Lou's voice, but I can't make out any of the words. I lean forward and press my ear right against the door.

"I'll pay you double if you can get it done this week," she says. Another pause. "Geez! No! I don't want to get arrested for identity theft."

I jerk away from the door, my stomach falling. What could she possibly be planning? She mentioned a hiring manager, so perhaps she's talking about a job... but what did she mean when she asked for "something that sounds like a real name"? It sounds as if she's trying to acquire some sort of fake identification. But to what purpose? And her family's been all over the tabloids-wouldn't people recognize her anyway?

There are too many questions, and I know I'm not going to get all of the answers from one side of a phone conversation. Through a door, no less.

I clutch the towels to my chest and return to the bathroom. It's none of my business anyway. I promised myself that I'd give Lou the benefit of the doubt, and what do I do? I eavesdrop on her private phone conversation. I overhear a few sentences out of context and twist them in my head. For all I know, she could be talking about something completely innocent.

In the middle of the night. After an evening spent committing vandalism and running from security. Sure, that sounds legit.

I can't really blame her for breaking onto the Cunningham estate. After all, it wasn't so very long ago that I committed the same crime and ran away from what I assumed at the time was a security guard. It was only my good fortune that the "guard" was Calder and that his attraction to me trumped his desire to see me arrested. I could have just as easily been in Lou's shoes-hiding out and hoping that no one got any damning photos or identifying information.

I admire her spirit for defending, in her own way, the Cunningham estate. I have to remind myself that it wasn't just Calder's childhood home-it was hers, too. Calder spent hours showing me around, telling me stories about his life. He pointed out the places he and his sister used to play, described the games they used to invent. He always looked so happy, talking about those things, and I can only imagine Lou looks upon those memories with equal fondness. I saw what the loss of that home did to Calder; who am I to judge how Lou handles the same tragedy?

Still, I can't shake the feeling that something's wrong. Call it women's intuition. Call it gut instinct. I only know I won't sit easy until I know what she's plotting. Not for her sake, but for Calder's. He wants to make this relationship with his sister work, but it's not fair to him if she's getting into trouble behind his back.

Calder's already under the water when I enter the bathroom.

"I was just about to launch a rescue mission," he says.

"They were hiding," I say. I turn toward the counter, making a show of propping up the towels so I have a moment to gather my thoughts.

But Calder knows me too well.

"What's going on?" he asks. "Is everything okay?"

I should tell him. If his sister is up to no good, then the sooner he knows, the better. He can stop this madness before it escalates. On the other hand, telling him means doing the one thing I promised myself I wouldn't do: getting in the middle of this thing between Calder and his sister. And over what? A few sentence fragments that I didn't quite understand? It might be nothing. I don't want to contribute to any further ill-will between the siblings over a few flimsy suspicions.

"Everything's fine," I tell him. If Lou insists on getting herself into trouble, then we'll deal with it as it comes. In the meantime, her phone conversations and personal affairs are none of my business. I have a beautiful naked man waiting for me.

I practically leap into the shower beside him.

"Where were we?" I ask, clasping my hands behind his neck and kissing him. The warm water pouring over my head feels amazing after such a long, exhausting day, but it's nowhere near as good as his butter-soft lips.

He indulges my kiss for a long, delicious moment before pulling away.

"Something's bothering you," he says. "Don't try to deny it. You're a terrible liar."

That's one of the downsides to reaching this particular stage of coupledom: you know each other so well that it's impossible to hide anything, even if you're hiding something for all the right reasons.

"I'm just... up in my head," I tell him. I need time to figure out how to handle this.

Calder searches my eyes. This is another part of the relationship journey: learning when to trust the other partner.

Finally he nods and draws me close again.

"I'm here. If you need me," he says. "We're a team now."

I want to explain that I'm worried about him, not myself, but I know that won't help anything. For now, I'll stay out of Lou's business, but I swear, if she hurts him, I'll wring her neck with my bare hands.

"I know," I tell him earnestly before shifting into a lighter tone. "But if we're a team, then how do you explain the fact that you just lost a challenge and I won?"

It's a weak segue as far as they go, but it seems to satisfy Calder for now. He gives me a final questioning look, but seeing that I'm not about to spill any secrets, he grins and gives me a playful smack on the ass. Just like that, the lightness is back between us, and the playfulness returns to his eyes. I'm all too eager to forget what I heard and return to our game, and I laugh and wiggle my butt against his hand.

"I get a hint," I remind him. I haven't forgotten that part, and I mean to win my prize once and for all.

"Ask away."

My fingers drift up his spine. "Is the gift something for us? I mean, I know it's technically for me, but will you enjoy it as well?"

He chuckles. "In a sense, yes."

"Like lingerie?" Maybe it was that simple all along.

His eyes flash with smug humor. "Is that a guess?"

Oh. Not lingerie then.

"No. Just trying to wheedle an extra hint out of you."

"I don't know. That sounded very much like a guess." He squeezes my ass. "And remember the penalty for wrong guesses."

I look down at his hardening arousal, which seems more than ready to exact that punishment. In spite of my competitiveness, I'm more than willing to face the consequences of my loss.

"What would you like me to do?" I ask, running my hand down his solid length. I can think of all manner of scandalous things we could do here in the shower.

But Calder reaches down and grabs the shampoo. "I want you to wash my hair."

I frown. "Is that all?"

He presses the bottle into my hand. "Wash my hair. You're not allowed to touch me anywhere else."

It's a strange request, but I obey. Not that I don't eye him suspiciously as I squirt some shampoo on my hand. I know better than to believe he doesn't have something else planned.

I rub the shampoo between my hands, working up a lather before I smooth it into his hair. He keeps his eyes on me the entire time, and the familiar prickle of awareness creeps up the back of my neck.

"Stop staring at me like that," I tease. "You're making me nervous."

"I like that I make you nervous."

I laugh and try to give him a little punch on the shoulder, but he catches me by the wrist.

"Touch only my hair," he reminds me. He's not laughing anymore, but he's not angry, either. Instead, he looks at me with an intensity that turns my insides to complete mush. He looks at me as though he's never seen anything so beautiful in his entire life. As if he's afraid that any moment I might slip away from him, and that he must memorize every line of my face before I disappear.

I obey him. As much as I chafe at losing, I really don't mind this. There's something very intimate, very sensual about helping him wash. I could spend hours slipping my hands through his hair, hours toying with and twisting the strands, just reveling in how silky they feel between my fingers. His scalp is warm beneath the water, but it's nothing to the warmth burning my cheeks.

And I never look away from his gaze. His eyes are dark, half closed, but there's a brightness that warms me from the inside out.

I keep expecting him to try something naughty-to tease my nipples, or to slide a hand between my legs-but he doesn't take advantage of the fact that I can't return his touch. Instead, his hands linger on my waist, warm and solid and steady.

This isn't about sex. Not this time.

Neither of us speaks. I finish washing his hair, and then he picks up the shampoo and squeezes some into his own hand. I close my eyes as his hands weave through my wet hair. His fingers move in slow circles, round and round like the best kind of massage. Between his gentle touch and the warm lick of the water, I could fall asleep right here.

"Look at me," he says softly.

It's not an order, but an entreaty. I open my eyes and hold his gaze as he washes my hair. This is nothing like our earlier staring match. I don't find myself fighting the urge to laugh or blink or look away. I want to lose myself in those dark eyes of his, drown in his soul. I can't imagine my life without Calder. Once, I thought my time with him was like a dream-a wild, passionate fantasy from which I'd eventually wake up. Now, the opposite feels true: everything I knew before Calder feels like a dream, and this, only this, is authentic and real. I swear, sometimes I believe that all of my senses have been heightened-all of my emotions magnified-since I met him. It's silly, and it's irrational, but no reality I've ever known can match the intensity of the one I experience when Calder is by my side.

And if I ever dream again, I know it could never live up to this.

CHAPTER SIX

We never finish our game. After our shower, we tumble right back into the bedroom, and though Calder seems eager for the next challenge, I don't miss the fatigue in his eyes. We spent the whole day hauling our things up three flights of stairs and the better part of the night hungrily devouring each other. Any normal person would have collapsed long ago. And that's not even considering the emotional strain of the day.

I suggest we take a break and lie down for a little while. Calder seems reluctant at first, but as soon as the protest leaves his lips, his mouth widens in a yawn.

"You know," I say, "if you're tired, we can end the game and you can just give me the present."

His lips curl into a secretive smile. "It's too important for that. But you're right. We should rest for a while."

"Just a little while," I say.

"Just a little while," he agrees.

We throw some sheets down on the mattress and curl up next to each other. We don't speak. It's enough to lie here in each other's arms, to entangle ourselves and let our heartbeats slowly fall into time.

"This is perfect," he whispers, so quietly that I think I've imagined it. When I tilt my face toward his, he's already asleep.

I shift slightly so that I can look at him in the dark. He's slumbering soundly, his chest rising and falling with the slow, steady rhythm of deep sleep. I'm exhausted too, but in spite of my body's complaints, I can't seem to drift off. In fact, the longer I lie here, the more awake I feel. My thoughts keep drifting back to Lou and what I heard through the door.

I know I shouldn't jump to conclusions. It's long been a fault of mine-making assumptions and acting on them before taking the time to investigate or at least consider all options. It was this very recklessness that led to my original poor opinion of Calder; I let my prejudice color my perception of events, and the misunderstandings that followed caused a lot of heartache for both of us. I won't make that mistake again.

But for the life of me, I can't imagine any interpretation of Lou's words that isn't completely sketchy. I don't want to get involved, but at the same time it feels like betraying Calder to know that something is wrong and willfully hide it from him.

No, I tell myself. You promised yourself you'd stay out of this. Give Lou the benefit of the doubt.

No matter how many times I tell myself that, though, it does little to settle my mind. And sleep continues to evade me. Finally, desperate, I remember the bottle of red wine in the kitchen. If I chug the rest of that, it should knock me out in no time.

Slowly, I slide out of Calder's arms and rise from the mattress. I pull on my tank top and sleep shorts before heading out to the kitchen.

The wine is, thankfully, just where we left it. I grab it and drink straight from the bottle. It settles heavily in my stomach, but I know that it won't be long before my eyelids start to droop. Wine has either one of two effects on me: either it revs my libido into overdrive or knocks me out cold. Since over the course of this evening Calder's managed to satisfy my body in every physical capacity, the second result seems inevitable.

I stand there in the kitchen for a few minutes, sipping at the wine and looking around. I'm already considering how we might organize things in here: the glasses in that cabinet, the plates in the other. The silverware in the drawer by the dishwasher, the spices in the nook in the corner. It's not solely my decision, of course. Calder and I will have to make these choices together, and I can't help but smile at the image of us arguing over where to put the pots and pans. It's just so... normal. So amazingly domestic. Knowing us, of course, it will probably turn into a bet or a game-and I wouldn't have it any other way.

I'm thinking up the perfect challenge when I hear a door open, and for a minute I think Calder's woken and come to find me. But when I step out into the living room, I instead find myself face-to-face with Lou.

She looks like she's as startled as I am to meet like this in the middle of the night. I'm glad I had the foresight to put on some clothes, but that doesn't mean I'm exactly pleased to see her.

Lou, I notice, has her backpack with her and is fully dressed. She's even wearing her shoes. This isn't a late-night trip to the kitchen for water, then. She's leaving.

"What-where are you going?" I ask. I still have the bottle of wine in my hand, and I hold it against my stomach as if it might somehow calm the sudden churning in my gut. I don't like this. I don't like this at all.

But Lou just smiles and shrugs. "I thought I'd get out of your hair."

She steps around me, continuing toward the door, and I call after her before I can stop myself.

"What are you planning?"

She freezes, then looks back at me. For a moment, I sense something in her eyes-guilt? Distrust?-but in the limited light coming from the open kitchen door, I can't quite decipher it. But then she smiles again and shakes her head.

"What are you talking about?" She says it so lightly, so sweetly, that if I didn't know any better I'd believe in her innocence utterly.

I step closer to her. There's still time to let it go, to pretend I never heard her phone conversation.

But then I think of Calder, sleeping peacefully in the other room, and of all the heartbreak she's put him through already. I won't let her cause him any more trouble. Not if I can help it.

"Calder's your brother," I say lamely. I'm not sure how to broach the topic directly; the last thing I want is to sound like I'm lecturing her.

But apparently I don't have to say anything more than that.

"Are you insinuating that I don't know that?" she says. There's still an airiness to her voice, but she's no longer smiling. "I know you think you're trying to help, but this really isn't any of your business."

"I love him. If I think someone's hurting him, then I make it my business."

Lou actually rolls her eyes at me. "Just because you've been banging him for six months doesn't mean you know anything about how things work between him and me."

My fingers tighten on the wine bottle. "But you think lying to him is going to help?"

"Look," she says. "I can't really explain what's going on right now. You're just going to have to trust me."

But that's the problem-I don't trust her. I don't know anything about her-except that she left Calder alone for a year and then decided to show up on a whim with a trail of trouble behind her.

"Are you coming back?" I ask her.

She shakes her head. "It's easier this way."

I can't believe she's trying to sneak out without saying a word to him. He thought this was going to be a second chance for the two of them, and now she wants to slip away into the night without any sort of warning?

"Won't you at least tell him goodbye?" I say when she turns back toward the door.

She doesn't even look back at me. "Goodbyes have never been our thing."

"Bullshit."

That seems to get her attention. But instead of getting pissed or insulted at my language, she actually looks... impressed?

"It was good to meet you, Lily." Before I can stop her, she's at the door. "Take care of him."

And then she's gone-out the door before I even realize the conversation is over.

No. It's not going to end like this.

I run after her, and it's not until my feet hit the cold concrete outside that I remember I don't have any shoes. It doesn't matter. I chase after her down the stairwell.

"Lou! Wait!"

She pauses at the edge of the parking lot.

"I need to go," she says.

"So you're just going to walk out of his life? Again? Without any explanations?"

She crosses her arms. "Is that what you think? That I'm abandoning him?"

"You've done it before."

She only looks stunned for a moment before the anger flashes in her eyes.

"Ah, I see," she says. "I get it now. You blame me for all of this." She gestures back at the apartment. "You think I'm responsible for the way things are with me and Calder."

"You're the one who took off to the other side of the world. You're the one who left him to deal with your father's death all alone."

I regret the words immediately. Lou looks like she's going to punch me.

"He was my father, too," she says. "Did you forget that part? People deal with shit in different ways." She turns to go, then thinks better of it and swings back to face me again. "And for your information, Calder sent me away after the funeral. He didn't want me here. Ask him."

I blink at her.

"Guess you didn't know him as well as you thought, huh?" she says.

She turns and storms across the parking lot, leaving me staring stunned after her.

He didn't want me here. Does she really mean that? Does she really think that?

A car door slams. I race across the parking lot, but she cranks the engine before I'm even halfway to her car.

"Lou!" I yell. "Lou! You can't leave like this!"

She ignores me. Her tires squeal as she tears out of the parking lot, and I'm left standing barefoot and panting in a cloud of exhaust.

"Dammit," I say, curling my hands into fists. "Dammit!" She's gone, and I could've stopped her. I should have tackled her to the ground and dragged her back up to the apartment by her curly ponytail.

But it's too late now.

I cross my arms over my chest. It's a balmy night, but I still feel cold. I shouldn't have said those things to her. I promised myself I wouldn't get involved. Now I've made everything worse. Lou is gone-without a word to Calder-and probably hates me for good measure. I've pushed the only family Calder has left even further away. If there was ever any hope for the two of them... well, I've just made things a whole lot more complicated.

Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck.

Her last words to me echo in my brain: He didn't want me here. Ask him.

It's with heavy feet that I trudge back up the stairs. I know I'm not responsible for whatever Lou is up to, but I also know that as long as I'm dating Calder, my relationship with her affects him too. It's not like she's going to be showing up for holiday dinners at our place after our last conversation.

Guess you didn't know him as well as you thought, huh?

She's wrong, of course. I know him plenty well. But that doesn't mean her words don't tear into me like shards of ice.

I'm going to have to tell Calder. I have to confess that I couldn't keep my fat nose out of his family's business and that I've probably driven his sister even further away. My stomach sinks more and more with every step, and by the time I reach the door I feel like I'm going to be sick.

And when I try to twist the knob, it only gets worse.

The door's locked.

When I ran after Lou, I didn't think to grab a key. I didn't even consider the possibility that the door would lock automatically behind me.

Well, fuck.

I have two options: master the art of lock-picking in the next hour or so, or knock on the door until Calder answers. And as I don't have any bobby pins on hand-just the bottle of wine, still clutched by the neck in my left hand-my options are looking a little limited.

And so, for the second time tonight, our door gets a solid pounding.

It takes several minutes for Calder to answer. When he does, he looks groggy and thoroughly confused. I've always thought he's at his sexiest in the moments just after he's woken up-his hair deliciously rumpled, his eyes half lidded, his boxers slightly askew-but I'm too worried to appreciate it right now.

Calder glances to either side of me. "What's going on? How did you get out here?"

I might as well just spit it out. "Lou's gone."

"What?"

"She's gone. I don't know where."

Calder's suddenly wide awake. "What happened? How did you end up out here?" He pulls me into the apartment and shuts the door again behind me. "What did she say?"

"I-I don't..." Grow a backbone, Lily. No point in tiptoeing around it. "I couldn't sleep, so I went into the kitchen for a little wine. I caught Lou sneaking out, but she wouldn't tell me where she was going." I watch Calder's face as I speak. He tries to hide it, but I catch the shock, the confusion, the hurt.

"Calder, I..." I reach for him, but he jerks away. His emotions aren't directed at me, I know, but that doesn't make it any less painful. I must betray something in my face, though, because his eyes soften and he touches me gently on the arm.

"So you... ran after her?" he prompts.

I still feel sick about the whole thing-still wonder if I'm better leaving well enough alone-but if there's ever a time to tell him about what I heard, it's now. "I overheard her earlier, talking on the phone. Something about a fake ID and fooling a hiring manager... I don't know. It might be nothing, but it sounded shady. Not that I'm accusing her of-I mean, I don't think-I don't know..." I realize I'm rambling, so I stop.

Calder's brows are drawn together. I know that look. I hate that look.

"I'm sorry," I say quickly. "I shouldn't have eavesdropped. I shouldn't have interfered at all. It's not my place. I wasn't trying to get in the middle of everything. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."

His eyes are dark, his mouth drawn into a straight line. But he's shaking his head.

"Why are you apologizing?" he asks. "This isn't your fault." He draws me close to him, but his body is still rigid. As much as he's trying to hide it, he's upset by what I've just said. And even though I know it's not my actions that elicited this reaction, it pains me to be the messenger.

"I'm sorry," I say again, because I don't know what else to say.

"Don't." He pulls back and jerks a hand through his hair. "It's not you. It's her. It's all her. I can't believe I... that I thought..."

His eyes blaze, but beneath the anger I can still sense his pain. Lou is supposed to be his family, and yet she waltzes in and out of his life as it suits her, coming to him when she needs something and running away again just as quickly. He wanted to fix this thing between them, and she wouldn't even give it a chance.

I want to tell him to forget her. But I can't. You can't just ask someone to turn his back on the only flesh-and-blood relative he has in the world. Even when that relative is horrible.

"She's your sister," I whisper. "She loves you."

And honestly, I believe it. For all of her jabs at me, she seemed to show some genuine affection for Calder-even if whatever mischief she has planned ultimately took precedence over mending the rift between them.

For a long moment, he doesn't say anything. I have no other consolations, no comforts to offer-at least, nothing that wouldn't sound hollow and flimsy right now. No matter how wild or reckless Lou might be, she's still Calder's family. I want them to work things out-but I have no idea how to fix this.

Something's niggling at my mind, though. I'm not sure I should say anything at all, but I want to hear the whole truth. From him.

"What happened after your father's death?" I say. "I mean-she said you didn't want her here. That you sent her away. That doesn't make any sense."

He stiffens slightly, and I know the answer to my question even before he opens his mouth.

"I didn't take our father's death well," he says softly. "But you know that part already. Louisa took it hard, too, but in a different way. We fought-a lot-and it just made it harder. On both of us."

One of his hands presses against the small of my back while the other tangles itself in my hair. I lean into him.

"She'd been working over in Thailand when he died," he continues, his voice flat and even. "And she'd been enjoying the work. She always had a very strange relationship with the world in which we grew up. She wasn't interested in the trappings or the money. If anything, she felt guilty for it." He releases a heavy sigh. "That's why she gravitated toward those volunteer organizations. I wasn't trying to push her away. I thought... I thought it would be easier for her, to go back to the place where she was happiest. Where she felt fulfilled. She didn't care about the money or where it went. I thought I could deal with that part of things on my own. She told me she would stay, but I wouldn't hear of it. I practically forced her on the plane."

I tighten my arms around his waist. I hate hearing him like this, his voice full of regret and guilt and grief. He loves his sister, but love doesn't magically make all complications disappear. Half the time, it makes them worse.

"She'll be back," I say, but the words ring hollow. "And if she isn't..."

"If she isn't, then I'm no worse than I am right now."

"If she isn't, then I'm here for you. No matter what happens. We might not be related by blood, but I'll be your family."

He seems a bit shaken by my words, almost as if he's afraid to believe them.

"I want nothing more," he says softly. He's got that look again-the one so full of emotion that it makes me feel like I'm melting.

His fingers trace my face, moving along the lines of my jaw and lips and cheeks and brow. There's no easy way to erase the pain in his heart-and maybe there will always be a hole where his father and sister are-but I refuse to let him believe that the hole is all there is. If I have to spend every day for the rest of my life trying to convince him, I'll do it. I want him to be happy, in spite of his family. I want him to know unconditional love and support and trust.

And as we hold each other, I see the hope in his eyes. It's only a flicker at first, a faint light behind the shadows that cloud his gaze, but it grows brighter the longer he looks at me, the longer his fingers caress my skin.

"We should finish our game," he murmurs after a moment.

"Now?" Our little challenge is the last thing on my mind. It suddenly seems so silly, so frivolous next to everything else we've been dealing with tonight.

But Calder is adamant. "I think now is the perfect time."

I shake my head, still confused. "I don't even remember whose turn it is."

"How about this," he says softly. "I'll give you two minutes to search the apartment. You find the gift, it's yours."

"And if I don't?"

He gives a wicked smile but says nothing.

I'm about to question him further, but he shakes his head and says, "The seconds are ticking away. I'd get started if I were you."

There's no point throwing away this opportunity-though I'm loath to leave his arms. If he wants to keep playing, then I won't deny him.

I turn back toward the room, surveying the dozens of boxes that need investigating.

"A minute and thirty seconds," Calder says.

I move.

If our apartment was a mess before, it's nothing compared to the disaster area I now leave in my wake. I throw open every cardboard box in the room and sift through the contents. I stick my arm down inside every overstuffed garbage bag of linens or sweaters. I unzip every suitcase and check all of the compartments.

Calder, meanwhile, stands in the doorway to the kitchen and watches me with amusement.

It isn't long before every packing container in the living room has been searched. I don't find anything even remotely resembling a present, so I decide to move on. I start to move toward the guest bedroom, but Calder stops me.

"It's in this room."

I glance around. I've searched everywhere-every box, every bag, every packing container we crammed in this place.

"Is this a trick?" I ask. I look back over at him. He's still standing by the door, but his own gaze is fixed quite obviously on the chair to his left. There are a couple of throw pillows stacked on the seat, and one of his coats is draped across the top. There's nothing that could hold any sort of gift.

Unless...

I stride over to the chair and grab the coat. My hand grasps for the pockets. The first one is empty, but when I reach in the second, my fingers meet a small wrapped box.

I pull it out. It's small and square and fits perfectly atop my palm. It's wrapped in shiny silver paper.

"You found it." Calder's voice is strange. "Aren't you going to open it?"

This is it. Suddenly all that weirdness I noticed in him tonight makes sense. He was anxious. Nervous. About the thing that rests in this tiny little box.

My heart beats so loudly that I feel like the entire room is pulsing. Calder is right next to me, and I swear I can hear his heartbeat, too.

Inside I find another box-but this one isn't wrapped. It's small with a satiny finish and a clamshell hinge. My hand shakes as I pull it out.

"Calder, I-" My voice sounds so tiny, so timid. I can't breathe. My fingers go numb.

But Calder takes the box from me. He lowers himself to one knee, the box resting on his upturned palm.

"Lily," he says. "You've made me happier than I ever thought I could be. You gave me strength when I thought the world was crumbling around me. You made me laugh when I thought there was only grief and pain. You showed me that I could be a better man. And I try to be a better man, every single day, for you."

My knees are trembling. No, scratch that-my entire body is quivering, as if I'm not physically strong enough for this moment.

"You've lit a fire in me, Lily," he continues. "I've never felt anything like this in my entire life, and I know I'll never feel anything like it ever again. You've shown me all the joy and all the passion and all the love that my life can hold, and I want you by my side every day until the very end of it."

He opens the box, revealing the most beautiful diamond ring I've ever seen-and if the sparkle is in any way exaggerated by the tears in my eyes, well, that doesn't matter.

"Lily Frazer," he says, "will you marry me?"

I can hardly draw enough air to breathe, let alone speak, but my lips manage to form the word.

"Yes," I say. "Yes. Yes!"

I throw myself at him, nearly knocking the box right off his hand, but he manages to catch both me and the ring. I lift the ring from the box, and he takes it from me and slides it onto my finger.

I'm afraid to believe this is happening. Afraid that any second now I'll open my eyes and find myself curled up on the mattress in the other room. But Calder is too warm, too solid to be anything but one hundred percent real. I throw my arm around his neck and kiss him.

"I know loving me isn't always easy," he says when I pull away to take a breath. His hands slip into the hair on either side of my head, holding my face in front of his. "I know that I come with a lot of baggage. But I promise, I want nothing more than your love. And your happiness."

"I think you have that backward," I say. "I'm the one who causes problems most of the time. I'm the one who always leaps to conclusions and acts without thinking and generally makes a muck of things. I'm impulsive and brash and stubborn and-"

"And I wouldn't have it any other way." He captures my mouth with his own-once, twice, three times-before releasing me again.

"I love you," I tell him. "Even now, I don't think you realize how much."

"If it's half as much as I love you, then I consider myself the luckiest man in the world."

I close my eyes, letting his words wash over me. Maybe my dad and Lou think we're moving too fast, but that doesn't matter. I could never want or love anyone as much as I love the man in front of me.

That's not to say it will be easy. We still have our respective relatives to deal with-and there will always be aches and fears and shadows of the past-but now we're making a real commitment to face them together.

"I want to be your family," he says softly. "And I want you to be mine."

There are years of pain behind his words, but the love, the hope, is just as strong. I feel it too-like a blossom unfurling in my chest. I can't erase all of his shadows, but I can be his sun and pull him up into the light.

"Don't cry," he says. "This is supposed to be a happy event." He kisses me on either eyelid, then down across my cheeks, following the trails the tears leave.

"I am happy," I whisper, my voice thick with emotion. "I've never been happier in all my life."

I suddenly can't get close enough to him, can't possibly show him how much he means to me with just my lips and hands. It only takes a moment to take off my clothes, a moment more to remove his boxers. We move as one even before we're joined. Our bodies know this dance, and yet for all its familiarity, I feel every touch, every burst of sensation and pleasure, as if I'm discovering his body for the first time.

Afterward, we lie wrapped around each other. The pale gray light of dawn peeks in around the window on the far wall.

"A year ago," I say drowsily, "if someone had suggested that I'd one day agree to marry you, I'd have told them they were insane. Just think-if I'd never broken onto your estate, none of this would have happened."

He chuckles. "That was a fine feat, I must admit. I look back upon that first night with great fondness."

"You must have thought I was insane, climbing through your gate and making you wrestle me down in the mud."

"Quite the contrary," he says. "How could I not admire such audacity?"

"Audacity? More like stubbornness. And stupidity."

"If you are stupid, sweet Lily, then I'm the eager, willing fool who loves you." He presses his lips against my hair. "From the beginning you challenged me, and you've continued to challenge me every day since. You make me crazy, and you make me feel alive. It hasn't always been easy, and there were many times I thought I'd lose you, but it was worth the struggle. Winning you was worth it."

"Winning me?" I tease.

"Yes," he says, leaning down to whisper in my ear. "And this is the sweetest victory I could ever ask for."

