CHAPTER ONE

I'm elbows-deep in invoices when a shadow falls across my desk.

"Just a minute, Dad," I say without looking up. My pen scratches across the paper, slashing through the numbers I spent all morning typing up. "Leda Collins called and changed high above our heads.yher head count again. Now she needs twelve round tables and ten extra chairs. I told her there'd be a rush charge on the additional linens, but she said she was fine with that."

I push a loose strand of hair behind my ear. I've been staring at this latest batch of invoices for so long that my eyes are starting to cross.

"Have you heard from the Robinsons?" I continue, turning to my computer. "They were supposed to call and confirm for the twenty-eighth. And we should probably figure out when we're doing the summer gallery show next year. I already have a bride who wants to use us for her reception in-"

A hand grasps me firmly by the chin and tilts my face up. Suddenly I'm staring into a pair of dark, intoxicating eyes, and my breath hitches in my throat.

"What's this?" says a deep, familiar voice. "Have you forgotten about something?"

Even now, weeks after I broke onto his family's estate, the sight of Calder Cunningham still makes my stomach flip-flop. He's looking extra sexy right now, the broad line of his shoulders accentuated by his navy suit, his hair curling deliciously around his ears, the corner of his perfect lips curled up in amusement. But if he's here, that can only mean one thing.

"Shit!" I say, pulling out of his grip. I scrabble around on the desk, looking for my cell, but I already know what the time will say. When I do find the phone, buried beneath a file of class registration forms, the screen reads 6:53PM.

Shit. Shit shit shit.

"I swear, the last time I glanced at the time it was three o'clock." I dart around the desk, looking frantically for my bag. If I hurry, if I leave my hair up and go light on the makeup-

Calder catches me as I try to sweep past him and draws me toward him. The motion pulls me off balance, and I fall against his chest, my hands clutching at the smooth lapels of his jacket and my nose brushing the crook of his neck. I freeze, and he loops his arms around my waist and holds me there. He smells faintly of soap and, beneath that, his own intoxicating scent. I take a deep breath, breathing him in. It's been too long since I've seen him, too long since he's held me like this in his arms.

Okay, it's only been three weeks. Three weeks since Calder chased me through the hedge maze on his former estate. Three weeks since I've had him in front of me, close enough to touch. Three weeks since his fingers skimmed across my bare skin, as they're dancing over my neck right now. Those three weeks might as well have been a ">I roll my eyes. But of course, screw-up that I am, I lose track of time on the day of our first real date.

"I'm so sorry," I say. "I swear, I-"

He silences me with his lips. His mouth is gentle at first, hesitant, like he's uncertain how I'll respond after our time apart. Like he's forgotten how natural, how right our bodies feel against each other. But the minute his lips touch mine, my entire body comes alive. Goose bumps ripple across my flesh, chasing the waves of heat that rush just beneath the surface of my skin. I let out a small moan, and whatever doubts Calder had seem to disappear.

He yanks me against his body, crushing me to his hard chest. His mouth moves hungrily, desperately, against my own, and mine meets his with equal passion. I revel in the taste of him, eager to drink it all in.

Damn, I missed this.

He's backing me up against my desk now, and I don't protest when he pushes me down on top of it. Something falls to the floor beside us. My files? The invoices? Honestly, I don't care. One of Calder's hands moves around the small of my back while the other winds in my hair, his fingers twisting and pulling at the strands. He leans over me, nudging my thighs apart so he can press nearer. There's a clatter as something else tumbles off the desk. Something big this time-probably that dinosaur of a three-hole punch we've had since this place opened.

There's no way Dad didn't hear that.

I push Calder off of me and sit up, grabbing him by the tie even as my dad's voice floats in from the next room. "Lily? Are you all right?"

"I'm fine! It's nothing!" I tug Calder around the desk and shove him down onto the floor. He's too surprised to resist or argue, and I pray that he catches the warning in my glare. I'm just bending to pick up the three-hole punch when Dad appears in the doorway.

"Is everything okay, honey?"

"Yeah," I say, waving the beast of a gadget at him. "Just knocked a couple of things off my desk."

Out of the corner of my eye, I see Calder raise his eyebrows in surprise. I give him a small kick, hoping he gets the hint.

Dad is looking curiously at me, and I realize suddenly how disheveled I must appear. My hands skim over my shirt, my skirt. And-oh, God-my hair...

"It's been a rough day," I say, trying to brush it off, hoping against hope that my face isn't as red as it feels. Crap, are my lips swollen?

But my dad either doesn't notice or chooses not to see.

"That Collins woman again?" he says. "She's been a real trip."

I nod. "Called and changed her numbers again. I-"

Calder is touching me. His fingers are sliding up my leg-softly, slowly, sending shivers all the way up my thigh. I clear my throat and try to shift away from him, but his hand follows.

"I-I redid the invoices," I manage, indicating the papers that are still on the floor. Calder's hand has slipped beneath the hem of my skirt now, and it's slowly inching its way upward. His breath is warm against my ankle. When I try to gently nudge his face away, he nips at my skin and flicks his tongue sensually along the back of my leg. I try not to squirm.

"How many do they have coming?" Dad asks.

It's hard to remember the number with Calder's mouth teasing my ankle and his fingers caressing my thigh. "Two hundred and twelve, I think?"

Dad whistles. "A big one."

"We need it." I lean forward and grip the desk, trying to keep my face blank. Calder's ever-climbing hand is now tickling my strategically-closed thighs, trying to force me to part them. In spite of the situation, my body reacts instinctively to the touch. Heat pools in my lower belly, a contrast to the panicked lump in my throat. I'm having trouble breathing normally, and my face and neck feel warmer with every passing second. I swear, if my dad finds out about us like this, Calder's going to get it. And by "it" I don't mean the prize he's currently seeking between my legs.

I shift again, and this time I feel my heel connect with Calder's cheek. He sucks in a breath, and I cough to cover up the sound.

Dad's frowning. Great, he must have heard.

But no-he's shaking his head. "Didn't you have dinner plans with a friend?"

"Yes. Yes I do." I smile. "I was just about to change."

Dad's smiling again. "Good. You've been working too much these past few weeks."

"I could say the same of you."

It's true, but if I'm being honest, Dad looks the best he has in months. When the Frazer Center for the Arts was on the brink of closing, he was a mess. I've never seen him look so old, so tired, so haggard. But now he might be a decade younger. He's smiling more-laughing, even-and, as cheesy as it sounds, the sparkle is back in his eyes. We're not completely out of danger yet, but we're moving steadily in the right direction, and that positive energy has been enough to make Dad excited about this place again.

"Well, I'll leave you to it," he says. "You have fun tonight, honey."

"Will do."

No sooner has he turned away than Calder grabs my hand and yanks me down beside him-or, more accurately, on top of him. I squirm as he wraps his arms around me, holding me hostage.

"That was an interesting welcome," he murmurs against my hair. "First you forget about our date-"

"I didn't forget," I insist. "I just got caught up in-"

"And then you hide me from your father like we're in high school or something." His arms tighten around my waist. "Are you embarrassed by me?"

"No! Of course not! I just haven't told Dad about you yet. He's not-I mean, I don't think he hates you or anything, but he..." I try to wriggle out of his grasp, but instead he flips me over so that I'm beneath him. His face looms over mine, but I don't get a chance to read his expression before he dips his head and nuzzles my neck.Z6Npa

"You mean he won't exactly be happy to know you're dating the guy who almost brought this place down around your ears," he murmurs before attacking my throat with his mouth.

I nod, too distracted by the thing he's doing with his tongue to answer immediately. When I agreed to let Calder pick me up at work, I'd planned to meet him outside.

"Plus," I manage after a minute, "he's going to wonder how it came about, and I never exactly told him the truth about that weekend." Ah, yes-those three days I spent trapped in the Cunningham mansion playing cat-and-mouse with Calder, letting him tease me and taunt me and give me the most intense sex I've ever had in my life. Even now I shiver at the memory.

But it's not exactly something you tell your dad. Especially when the sex god in question is the person responsible for the near-ruin of his nonprofit arts center. And that's exactly what makes our current position on the floor of my office especially compromising.

But Calder has noticed my body's reaction, and he's not about to let this opportunity slip out of his fingers.

"What, you don't want your father to know what dirty, dirty things you've done?" he whispers against my throat. He grabs my skirt and begins tugging the fabric up toward my hips.

"Calder!" I rasp, batting at his hands. "Not here."

He ignores me. His fingers slide up the backs of my bare thighs, moving to the lacy edge of my panties.

"Calder..." This time it doesn't sound like much of a warning. God, when did I lose complete control over my body?

His hand slips beneath the thin fabric of my underwear and skims across my bare ass. I writhe against him, but my attempts to get away only backfire, judging by the bulge I feel in his pants. He starts to pull my panties down my legs. If I don't do anything quickly, he's going to have me right here on the floor of my office.

Not that my body seems to mind the idea. I'm trembling, aching for that touch I've missed these past weeks. When he slips his fingers between my legs, I just about lose it.

"What about dinner?" I ask him frantically.

"Screw dinner."

"I still have to change."

"Go naked."

"If you think I'm going to have sex with you while my dad's in the next room..."

"That just makes it more... stimulating, doesn't it?" His finger brushes against my clit, and I suck in a breath.

Part of me wants to just give in, to surrender myself to the pent up sexual energy that's consumed me since the last time we saw each other. But fortunately, the rational part of my mind hasn't completely jumped ship just yet.

"Martin's expecting us," I remind him.

At the mention of his family's former chef, Calder sighs. His explorations of my body cease, and his grip loosens on my waist.

"Martin was always quite the cockblock," he growls. But he moves his fingers across my sensitive nub a final time, and amusement flashes in his eyes when I let out a soft whimper.

"Tonight," he promises, "you'll be begging me for it. And I'm going to fuck you until you can't even remember your own name, let alone annoying little things like dinner plans."

His words send a thrill through my core, but I can't let him see how much they affect me or we'll never get out of here. I wiggle once more beneath him, and he sighs and rolls off of me. I give him a playful hit as I sit up. If we're going to be on time for our reservation, I don't have much time to change and freshen up my makeup.

"Just stay down there for a minute," I say, glancing around once more for my bag. "I'm going to run to the bathroom and change."

He pushes himself up on his elbows, grinning. "Or you could just close the door and change in here. I promise I'll behave."

"I don't believe that for a minute. Besides, you're not supposed to see me naked before the first date."

His eyes darken. "I think we're already past that barrier."

"You know what I mean."

He chuckles, but his eyes continue to burn into mine. "It won't stop me from trying to get your clothes off."

If we didn't have a reservation-and if my dad weren't right next door-I would just give into his teasing. But we aren't locked away in his mansion, shut off from the rest of the world. We're in the Frazer Center, and we have a very important reservation.

"Martin will be disappointed if we're late," I remind him again.

"Fine. I'll behave. But you better hurry, or I'll ravish you anyway. And I don't care who in this place knows it."

I find my bag behind the door and grab it, not bothering to respond. I don't want to give him any encouragement. Even the feeling of his gaze on me makes prickles dance across my skin, and I know it wouldn't take much to break my resistance completely.

God, it's just too easy for him, isn't it?

I race down the hallway and lock myself in the bathroom. It takes me only about a minute to slip out of my button-down and pencil skirt and pull on the black dress I brought along. It's sleek and sexy, but not too revealing-perfect for a first date.

It feels so strange, preparing for an actual date with Calder. I mean, my primary acquaintance with this man stems from those passionate, erotic days I spent with him on his former estate. That whole weekend still feels like a very strange but vivid sexual dream-I mean, we played hide and go seek, for God's sake-and I can't quite reconcile that experience with my normal everyday life.

I put on my heels next, and then I pull my hair out of its ponytail while I scrabble for my cosmetics bag. I'm suddenly nervous, and an anxious lump settles in my belly as I shake my waves of hair out around my shoulders. What will Calder think of me, now that the erotic fairy tale is over? When I'm not a desperate prisoner, and he no longer has the world at his feet? When we're just two ordinary people eating dinner?

I force myself to take a deep breath as I give myself a final once-over in the mirror.

Everything's going to be fine, I tell myself. I'm going to have an amazing time tonight.

I grab my things from the floor and hurry back to my office.

Calder is no longer hiding behind the desk.

"What are you doing?" I say, looking nervously down the hall. "What if my dad walked by?"

He's standing at my wall, looking at my pictures. At the end of every instructional cycle, we take photos of each of the art classes. I've taught more than a few classes during my time here, and I keep every picture.

"I didn't realize you worked with the kids," Calder says, still staring at the images.

"I do a little bit of everything around here. At a place as small as this, you learn to wear more than a few hats."

He nods, frowning a little. I wonder what he's thinking-whether he's remembering his own part in the Frazer Center's troubles. But not his part-his father's part. It's not Calder's fault that he inherited financial troubles.

I walk over and place my hand gently on his arm. The touch seems to bring him back to the present, and the clouds disappear from his expression. He turns to me, and he opens his mouth to speak, but then his eyes widen slightly. His gaze drifts down my body.

"You," he says, grabbing my hand and bringing it to his lips, "are absolutely breathtaking."

I'm blushing again. I try to tug my hand away, but he holds it tight. He flicks his tongue across the tips of my fingers, and heat rushes between my legs.

"I thought of your punishment," he says.

"Punishment?"

"For forgetting our date." He holds out his hand. "Your panties, please." in the first place" aid="lp

I raise my eyebrow. "Seriously?"

"I think it's a suitable request, considering the emotional distress you put me through."

"Yeah, you seem very distressed," I tease. But I don't object when he reaches out and pulls up the ends of my dress.

"Go on, then," he says.

I cast a quick glance back at the door before grabbing my panties and pushing them down. Calder gives my bareness an appreciative glance before dropping my dress, and I reach down and grab the garment that has pooled aroun="margin:0.00d my ankles.

At least I had the foresight to wear a sexy pair. They're black and lacy, and Calder seems all too pleased when I hand them over.

"Don't worry," he says, his voice low and husky. "I'll take good care of them for you."

"And what am I supposed to do? What if I get cold?"

He looks as if he's about to devour me whole. "Then I'll just have to take care of that for you, won't I?"

He slips the panties into his pocket, and I press my thighs together. I'm already experiencing the effect he desired, but I can't let things get out of hand.

"Dinner," I remind him.

"Of course."

I lead him to the door, taking care to glance around for Dad before slipping out into the hallway. I feel extra scandalous without any underwear, but I can't let that distract me. We need to get out of here unnoticed.

We're almost to the front door-almost free-when I hear a small gasp to my left. Morgan, one of our new teachers, stands at the door to her classroom, gaping at us.

Well, gaping at Calder, more accurately. He has that effect sometimes.

Morgan blinks, then squints. I imagine she's trying to figure out how and why she recognizes the gorgeous man standing in our lobby. She wasn't here last year to meet Calder the one time he visited the Center with his father, but she's probably seen his face on the tabloids more than a couple of times.

But as much as I'd love to indulge her curiosity, Dad's sure to spot us if we linger here too long.

"We're late for dinner," I tell her. "But I'll talk to you in the morning?"

Morgan's eyes flick to me, and she nods. The promise of an explanation tomorrow seems to satisfy her for the moment. I make another dash for the door with Calder in tow, but I pause at the threshold, glancing back.

"Do me a favor and keep this from my dad?"

Her eyes widen in surprise, but she breaks into a smile.

"I get it," she says, winking. "Your secret's safe. You two have fun." Her voice rises suggestively on the last word, and I feel myself blushing once more as Calder and I escape outside.

"Can she keep a secret?" Calder asks, slipping a hand onto my lower back and guiding me across the parking lot. "Or should I expect a murder attempt by your father in the middle of the night?"

"He won't murder you."

"Ah, good."

"He's more of the torturing type."

He grins in response, but I detect a hint of worry behind his amusement.

"I'll tell him about us soon," I promise. "I just need to figure out how to raise the topic." But that's not the only thing I have to figure out. Even if I can come up with a reasonable explanation for my current association with Calder, what exactly do I call this thing between us? I know that we're attracted to each other, and I believe there's a deeper emotional connection here. But how deep? We're not even technically "exclusive"-right?

Look at me. We're not even to the car and I'm already over-analyzing things.

Thus begins the Madness of Lily Frazer.

Still, I put on a smile. I'm on a date with Calder Cunningham. I need to stop worrying and enjoy myself.

He stops in front of a silver sedan.

"Your chariot, my lady." He eyes the car sidelong. "This is where I wish I'd found a way to keep the Lamborghini."

I laugh. "You've seen the death trap that I drive. This looks like pure luxury." I should tell him that it doesn't matter what he drives-that he could carry me to the restaurant on the handlebars of a bicycle, for all I care-but that sentiment sounds way too sappy. So I bite my lip and let him guide me into the passenger's seat.

I cross my hands in my lap as he walks around to the driver's side. My nerves have returned in full force. Back on his estate, I felt wild and wicked and seductive. In that strange, secluded mansion, I discovered a passionate, confidently-sexual side of myself that I never even knew existed. Now? I feel like a freaking high schooler on her first grown-up date-uncertain and awkward and terrified.

Please, don't let me vomit in his car...

He flashes me another one of his killer smiles as he slides into his seat. It sets off an entire circus of butterflies in my stomach. He puts his keys into the ignition, but he doesn't start the car. Instead, he leans over and takes me by the chin, pulling my lips to his.

I lean into his kiss, sinking into the sensations sweeping through me. This I can handle. This fire, this physical passion. I open my mouth beneath his, let his breath mingle with mine. His hand skims over my breasts, teasing my nipples to hard points beneath the thin fabric. I want to forget dinner. Forget the awkward formality of a real "date." I want to slip out of this dress and let him fuck me right here in this car. I shouldn't have stopped him before. I should have let him take me, because I know that as soon as we're joined I'll forget all these silly worries and remember that this, right now, is perfect.

But Martin is expecting us.

This time Calder is the one who pulls away first, but I can tell by the lazy curl of his lips and the dark gleam in his eyes that he wants to give into the same urges I do.

"Sorry, I couldn't resist," he says. "I promise I'll be a perfect gentleman at the restaurant."

I nod and sit back against my seat.

It's just a date, I tell myself. I'm just nervous. I bet if I told him, he'd think it was cute.

But somewhere, deep down, I know this isn't just a date, at least not for me. And that's the part that's terrifying.

CHAPTER TWO

I've only been to a few nice restaurants in my life. And by a "few" I mean, quite literally, two or three. Fine dining isn't exactly a priority when you're living off of the salary I am, but I've treated myself once or twice, when the occasion has called for it.

But Ventine's makes all those other restaurants look like those cheap family chains-you know, the ones that offer "Two For" Tuesdays and $6 pitchers of margaritas on Ladies' Night. Ventine's is swanky with a capital "S." White linens, silver fixtures, soft golden light designed to arouse all sorts of appetites. The walls are covered in dark, glossy wood paneling, and there's a long, marble bar backed by a mirror with silver filigree along the edges.

It's the grand opening, so the crowd is chic and lively and well-dressed. I feel a little out of place among these people, even though I'm sure none of them will spare me a second glance. My dress might have come from a department store, but it's as sleek and classic as anything from a designer boutique. Still, I feel like I'm walking into a scene from someone else's life. Someone who goes to fancy parties and ribbon cuttings and drinks champagne with their dinner every Wednesday just because.

Okay, I'm exaggerating. And I'd be lying if I said I wasn't thrilled to be here. I glance up at Calder. He's used to events like this, places like this, people like this. I wonder, suddenly, how it feels for him to walk in here after this life was stolen away from him. But he smiles down at me, looking completely confident and comfortable. And when he catches the eye of the maitre d', the man comes rushing over as if Calder owns the place.

"Good evening, Mr. Cunningham, Ms. Frazer," the maitre d' chirps, nodding to each of us in turn. "Please, let me take you to your table."

Calder keeps his hand on my waist, holding me">I pull away from him. 'm comforted by the heat of his fingers through my dress, a whisper of touch in the noise of this room. I might not belong with these people, but I belong with him.

"Martin promised me the best table in the house," he tells me. "I told him I'd settle for nothing less."

I grin. "I guess it pays to know the chef."

The maitre d' leads us to a table near the back of the restaurant. It's out of the main hustle and bustle of the floor, offering us a fair amount of privacy, but it still has a good view of the rest of the room. There's a bouquet of amethyst calla lilies lying across one of the places.

"I almost went for roses," Calder says, leaning down and speaking in my ear as he hands them to me. "But I thought these were more suitable."

"They're beautiful." I bury my nose among the petals.

Maybe I was wrong. Maybe the fairy tale isn't over yet.

Calder pulls out my chair for me, and his fingers graze my bare arm as he helps me sit. He takes the lilies from me and places them in a crystal vase already waiting on our little table. He prepared for this, thought out every little detail. It stirs something in my belly.

I feel Calder's eyes on me as he takes his own seat, but I'm too overwhelmed to meet his gaze. This is too perfect. I'm not used to this.

Instead, I look out across the restaurant. This place truly is lovely. And if I can trust the sea of aromas greeting me, the food will be absolutely heavenly. Not that I'd expect any less. I tasted Martin's food at the Cunningham mansion, back when the chef was still in Calder's employ. He worked with the family for years-Calder's entire life, essentially-but keeping a personal chef is a luxury Calder can no longer afford.

Not that it seems to matter. When I glance back up at Calder, he looks every bit the self-assured billionaire he always was. He's watching me with those dark eyes, a small, satisfied smile playing at his lips.

"I hope you trust me," he says.

"Since when was that a good idea?"

He leans forward and closes his hand around mine. "I've already arranged the menu for tonight. On Martin's recommendations, of course."

I raise an eyebrow. "Making decisions for me already?"

"I wouldn't dream of it," he says. "Believe me, I know better. But I want you to feel taken care of tonight."

The idea pleases me more than I want to admit. God, what is he doing to me? By the end of the night I'm going to be a pathetic, simpering mess.

Fortunately, I'm saved from having to respond-and certainly making a fool of myself-by the arrival of the executive chef himself.

"Martin!" I exclaim. My acquaintance with the man was brief, but I always liked him, and I'm thrilled that he found this opportunity.

"Ms. Frazer," he says, reaching out and clasping my hand. "A pleasure, as always."

Calder's standing, and he reaches out and claps Martin on the shoulder.

"Congratulations, old man," he says. "Thank you for the table."

Martin's grin widens. "Actually, I should be thanking you, Mr. Cunningham. I'm sorry I can't linger and chat, but I wanted to come by and say hello before the main rush. And assure you, of course, that I'll do everything in my power to make sure you have the perfect evening."

"I have every confidence it will be," Calder says.

"I hope you two brought your appetites," Martin says. "Everything's on the house tonight, of course."

Martin retreats back to the kitchen, but no sooner has he gone than a waiter arrives with a bottle of champagne-some crazy-ass expensive champagne by the look of it.

"A gift from the chef," he says.

I look over at Calder. ZL" aid=""I guess this means he approves of me?"

The waiter pops the cork, and I watch him pour the golden liquid into a pair of glass flutes.

Calder, however, is watching me.

"The very first night Martin met you," Calder says, "he told me he expected to be seeing a lot more of you."

"You're just teasing me."

"Not at all. Sometimes I think Martin knows what I need better than I do."

Again, he seems to know just how to throw me off balance. Flustered, I quickly grab my glass of champagne.

"Look at that," he says. "Five minutes in and I've already got you speechless."

In spite of myself, I feel my flush deepen. "Try not to get a big head."

He reaches over and slides his hand along my arm. "I like that I make you nervous."

Nervous? My stomach is doing freaking somersaults. If I don't change the subject, I'm going to end up a puddle of mush on the floor.

"What did Martin mean when he said he should be thanking you?" I ask.

Calder leans back in his seat. "It was nothing. I have a few connections in the restaurant industry, so I put him in contact with the owners of this place. It was the least I could do, all things considered."

"He seemed excited."

"He's thrilled. I talked to him earlier this week, when he was making a few last-minute tweaks to the menu. You should have heard him. Like some bright-eyed, bushy-tailed upstart fresh out of culinary school." Calder looks down at the table. "He worked in restaurants before, you know. The last place had two Michelin stars. My father must have paid him handsomely to convince him to leave that and come work for us." His smile fades, he shifts in his seat.

I frown. "You don't believe your father forced him to work for you?"

"Not forced, certainly. But hearing Martin talk about how excited he is to run a full kitchen again-it makes me wonder. If he hadn't come to us, he might have had an entire restaurant empire by now. He would have had plenty of accolades, of course. Cookbooks, probably. Maybe even his own TV program."

I raise an eyebrow. "Do you really see Martin as some celebrity chef running around and screaming at people on a reality show?"

That earns me a small smile. "Of course not. I just wonder if he regrets it all, sometimes."

"I don't believe for a minute that Martin regrets anything." I reach over and take his hand. "He could have walked away at any time and had a dozen job offers, but he didn't. He stayed because he loved working for you guys. You might not be related by blood, but you can't tell me that man isn't part of your family." These last few months, he's been the only family Calder has had. Calder's own sister, Louisa, skipped away back to Southeast Asia as soon as their father's funeral was over. I know she's heavily involved in some philanthropic projects over there, but it still infuriates me that she'd run off to the other side of the world instead of helping her brother sort through the mess they inherited.

His thumb skims across the back of my hand. I look for some hopeful reaction to my words-a hint of a smile at the corner of his mouth, maybe, or a glimmer of understanding in his eyes, but I get nothing.

"Calder," I say, giving his hand a squeeze.

He looks up at me then, and the look on his face nearly breaks my heart. We haven't talked in depth about all of the changes he's dealt with these past few months. His father's death, his financial ruin, the loss of his childhood home-any or all of those things would have broken a weaker man. We walked through the house together, he and I, a few weeks ago. I held his hand and listened to his stories, helped him say goodbye. But it's one thing to lend a hand or an ear, and quite another to know what to say to a person who's just lost everything, whose entire life has been upended before your eyes. I can't even begin to understand what he's feeling, and anything I might say sounds so trite in my head.

My only solace is that the press hasn't picked up on it yet. There was a flurry of interest in Wentworth Cunningham's death, but it died down pretty quickly. The Cunninghams' people must have worked overtime to keep the rest of it out of the news, but now that he can no longer employ any PR geniuses to hide his family's dirty laundry, I know it's only a matter of time. The tabloids will eat this up.

And I can't do anything. Except offer that hand, orZL" aid=" ear-or, all else failing, a suitable distraction.

I slide my fingers out of his and slip my hand beneath the table, finding his knee. His eyes widen as my touch moves up his leg, but then there it is: the curl of his lip, the flash of light in his eyes. It's like he comes back to life again.

His hand grabs mine, stopping my advance.

"Be careful," he says, his voice low and warm. "If you get me worked up, I might have to whisk you out of here before we even get to taste the appetizers."

"Sounds like a challenge."

"Don't tempt me." His own fingers slide over to my leg, slipping over the thin fabric of my dress. "Or I'll have you squirming right here in the middle of the restaurant."

His hand is dangerously close to fulfilling that promise. Just the promise of his words is arousing me, and I shift slightly as the blood starts to rush between my legs. I have no doubt Calder would t text-indent:ake great joy in getting me off right here. There's something delightfully dirty about it, touching each other in this crowded, bustling room.

"Well?" he says, probing further. "Would you like to play a little game? See how quietly you can come?"

Oh, God. It wouldn't take much, not at this point.

I might have let him do it, too, but the waiter suddenly appears with a tray full of appetizers. I jerk my hand back from Calder's leg, but he continues to caress my inner thigh, even as the waiter arranges the dishes on the table in front of us.

I'm getting wetter by the second. He has me at a disadvantage, considering he has my panties. I have to bite down on my lip to keep from moaning when he begins to rub his finger along the length of my folds.

"All right, all right," I say as soon as the waiter leaves. "I forfeit. I lose."

"If we were anywhere but Martin's restaurant, you'd be in deep, deep trouble."

I don't doubt it. Calder removes his hand from between my legs, and as I watch he brings his wet finger up to his lips.

Holy crap.

My whole body's on fire. I want to look away, but I can't tear my eyes from the sight of him tasting me on his finger. His own gaze remains locked on me, and I'm afraid those piercing dark eyes will send me over the edge. By the time he's licked himself clean, I'm barely breathing.

Good thing there's plenty to distract me on the table. Martin wasn't joking when he hinted that we had a big meal ahead of us. For our first course, the waiter has brought us an array of dishes: steamed mussels, salmon and asparagus bouchees, stuffed figs, prosciutto-wrapped prawns. My mouth waters just looking at it all.

Calder is raising his glass of champagne.

"A toast," he says. "To tonight."

I lift my own glass. "To Martin, on his new adventure here at Ventine's. And for providing us with this fine bubbly."

"And to us." Calder's eyes smolder over the rim of his flute. "May this be the first date of many."

I feel my cheeks go hot again as we clink our glasses. His gaze lingers on me, even as I take a drink. The champagne is bright and crisp and sweet on my tongue, but I don't enjoy it as much as I might because I'm suddenly again overwhelmed by the intensity of this all. Of the stirring in my chest, of the heat running up and down my spine.

The feeling only increases as we continue our meal. The courses keep coming, and in between bites I find myself falling further and further under Calder's spell. The couple of phone conversations we've had over the past few weeks have been pleasant-more than pleasant-but they're nothing compared to having him next to me. Even when we're only speaking of silly things-of the food in front of us, maybe, or the recent unseasonable rains-it means something, to be sitting here next to him. To watch his lips form the words, to watch his eyes widen or brighten or darken in response to what I say, to have him close enough to touch, whenever I want.

Now that I've calmed down, it seems possible. This-he and I, doing this "relationship" thing-seems possible.

By the time the entrees arrive, we've moved on to more serious topics. Over a plate of roasted duck with a spicy apricot glaze, I update Calder on the madness going on at the Center now that we've started renting out our gallery space. I keep it light-I'd rather not go into my horror stories about some of the clients I've had to deal with to inspect the damage. L" aid=", and I don't admit that we're still struggling financially-but even though Calder smiles encouragingly, I can see the sadness, the guilt behind his eyes.

"I'm sorry," I say when I realize what I'm doing. "I didn't mean to-I'm not trying to dominate the conversation."

"You're not."

"I've been going on for the last ten minutes, at least."

"I don't mind. I could listen to you talk about the Center all day. Your whole face lights up."

It's a convincing lie. On a different day, under different circumstances, I might not have even noticed his remorse, but I'm beginning to learn how to read him. He wants me to think that he's okay, but how can he listen to me talk about the Center without remembering his family's struggles? I remember his expression when he studied the class photos back in my office, and I don't want to say anything that might take him back to that dark place.

"What about you?" I ask him quickly. "What have you been up to since the last time we spoke?"

"Nothing terribly interesting, I'm afraid. Still dealing with some lingering financial matters." He takes a sip of his drink. "Tim-that's my family's financial advisor-says I have a knack for numbers. Though I suspect he's only delighted that I actually take his advice, unlike my father. I still can't quite believe he let things get as bad as they did."

His face is growing dark again.

"I'm sorry," I say. "I shouldn't have brought it up."

"Don't apologize." He looks down at his plate. "Honestly, if you take away the... family element, I actually find myself enjoying the work. It's very diverting. Productive."

He glances back over at me. "But it's not exactly good conversation for a date, is it?"

I don't want to discourage him from talking about it. Honestly, I've been worried about him, and I'm glad to hear that he finds some satisfaction in the work, that he feels like he's doing something constructive. to inspect the damage. L" aid="

But he's already moved on, launching into praises of the duck.

The call comes halfway through the entrees, right after we've started a second bottle of wine. Calder looks sheepish as he tugs the buzzing phone from his pocket.

"I'm sorry. I thought I turned this off." But as his thumb moves to the power button, his eyes flick down at the screen and he frowns.

"What is it?" I ask.

"Forgive me, Lily," he says. "Do you mind if I..."

"Go ahead."

He gives a nod and answers the call. Normally I knock off a few points if a guy pulls out his cell on a date, but Calder's been dealing with a lot recently, so I'm willing to give him the benefit of the doubt. Still, I'm only expecting him to exchange a few quick words with his lawyer or something, so it's a bit of a shock when he stands up.

"I'll be right back," he tells me.

I watch his retreating form as he weaves through the dining room, back toward the restaurant entrance, then I take up my fork and grab another piece of duck. I pick around the various plates of food, trying a little bit of everything as I wait. But as the minutes tick by and Calder still doesn't return, I start to get a little antsy.

He probably just doesn't want to discuss delicate financial matters in a room full of people, I tell myself. Even in this secluded corner, there's no telling who might hear something. He's doing his best to protect what's left of his family name. I refuse to fault him for wanting a little privacy.

But it's impossible to keep my gaze from drifting back to the door again and again. I try to distract myself with the food, tearing my way through the rest of the duck even though I'm more than full at this point. I'm already digging into the venison steak by the time I finally spot him moving back across the restaurant toward me.

He looks tense, scattered. His brows are drawn together, and he jerks his hand through his hair as he strides back toward me. When he sees me watching him, though, his hand drops and he puts on a smile.">He shrugs. "I'm sorry about that," he says when he rejoins me at the table. He tips my head up, kisses me sweetly on the lips. "I'll make it up to you, I promise."

"You better," I joke.

His smile widens, but it still doesn't reach his eyes.

"Is everything all right?" I ask.

"Of course." He says it too quickly, too lightly. "It was just Tim. He had a few questions for me."

He's being purposefully vague, and though I don't want to pry, I also don't want him to have to deal with this on his own.

"Do you want to talk about it?"

"It's nothing, I promise." He grabs my hand and brings it to his lips, kisses the fingers one by one. "Certainly not important enough to spoil our date."

I want to believe him, but as the night progresses,an style=" font-size:1.0rem" aid="R0">'s clear he's preoccupied. Or maybe "preoccupied" isn't the right word-it's as though he's trying too hard to pretend that nothing's wrong. He's still sweet, complimentary-but there's a formality to it that wasn't there before. The anxious awkwardness I feared earlier returns in full force. Something's shifted between us, and I don't know how to fix it.

But I'll be damned if I don't try.

"You have to taste this," I say, offering him a bite of the rich marquise cake from among our spread of desserts.

Calder plays along, opening his mouth for my fork. His eyes never leave my face, but his intent gaze makes it all the easier to sense the distraction lingering beneath.

"Are you sure everything's okay?" I ask after I've set down my fork again.

"Of course," he says. "I've just had a lot on my mind recently. But I don't want to think about any of that right now. I'm here, with you, and that is what I want to focus on." He raises my hand to his mouth once more, only this time he plants a kiss on my palm. The he">He shrugs. I offer him a smile, but his answer doesn't completely satisfy me. Something happened during that call, whether he wants to admit it or not. But I don't want to spend the rest of our date arguing over what may or may not be my business. Calder and I aren't used to leaning on each other for emotional support just yet. In the meantime, our time together is an escape-a few moments stolen away from the ups and downs of everyday life. I can still be that for him, if nothing else.

By the time dinner is over and he's driving me back to my car, I feel much better. I was putting too much pressure on us too soon. I had an amazing time tonight, and I'm looking forward to showing Calder exactly how amazing.

He insists on following me back to my apartment and "walking me to my door." The entire drive there I imagine exactly what I'm going to do to him-how I'm going to touch and taste and tease him. How I'm going to get him back for leaving me without my underwear all night.

When we get to my apartment building, he follows me up the steps toward my door, and the butterflies return to my stomach. Why the hell am I so nervous? Calder is nervous, too-or am I just reading too much into the way he curls and uncurls his fingers around his keys? Have years of dealing with that uncomfortable post-date will-he-or-won't-he dance at the door conditioned me to expect the worst?

"So," I say, trying to make light of my nerves. "Should I be worried that you're going to sleep with me and never call again?"

He takes the joke well, at least. He chuckles as his fingers close around the keys once more, and his free hand moves to my waist.

We've reached the door now, and he turns so that he's facing me. He looks as if he wants to say something, but the words never come. Instead, he just stands there, staring down at me, and I can almost feel the distance stretching between us.

Time to nip that in the bud.

I grab him by the front of the shirt and yank him down to me, capturing his mouth with my own. He gets over the initial shock surprisingly fast. Before I can even catch a breath, he's moved-forcing me back against the door, trapping me beneath his body. His lips force mine apart, his hands run up and down my hips, my waist, my breasts...

Any awkwardness I feel disappears with his touch. With the heat of him, the taste of him, the smell of him. This is how we connect, how we communicate-through our bodies. I know everything he can't say, and he glass of champagne.

I reach up and go for the buttons on his shirt, pulling them apart one by one. Calder growls and reaches around behind me, his hands sliding down to cup my ass. He begins to tug the fabric of my dress up toward my hips, and I hear myself moan in anticipation of his touch against my bare flesh.

He pauses.

I've reached the last button on his shirt, but in my excitement my fingers are fumbling.

"Wait," he says, his hands closing around mine.

"It's a quiet building," I assure him. "Everyone else is probably in bed already." Still, I reach for my purse, for my keys. It will probably be more comfortable in my bed anyway.

But Calder shakes his head. "That's not what I mean."

My keys are already out of my purse, but I don't turn around to face the door. "I don't understand."

He lets out a long, shaky breath-in that way people do before they tell you something they know you won't want to hear. Something clenches in my stomach.

"What is it?" I prompt.

"Lily," he says slowly. "I was thinking, back in the car... Maybe we should slow things down for a bit."

There it is. Like a punch to my gut. I suddenly feel like I can't breathe, but I don't want him to see how much of a shock his words are to me.

"What do you mean by 'slow things down'?" I ask, impressing myself with how calm, how emotionless my voice sounds.

He's studying my face closely, I can feel it, but I don't dare look him in the eye.

"Maybe..." he says. "Maybe we should just try dating for a little while. No sex."

No... sex. It takes my brain a moment to process what he's suggesting. "Why?" to inspect the damage. L" aid="

"I just don't want us to get in over our heads," he says.

I finally summon the nerve to look up at him, and when I do, he's raking his hand through his hair. He's having trouble looking at me.

"Is that okay?" he says. "I think it might be good for us. Think of it as a game."

Good for us? I'm not sure how to interpret that, but I'm afraid to ask.

"All right," I agree, because I'm not sure what else to say. "Just dating, no sex."

He smiles, but it's a small smile, as if he's still uncertain at my response-or is he uncertain about his own suggestion? I've dated enough to know that one partner wanting "slow things down" is never a good thing.

But I won't argue with him here. I won't let him see how much his words have hurt me.

"In that case," I say, "I guess this is goodnight."

He nods. I can't read the expression in his eyes-is that regret?-but I'm not sure I want to know the truth. I turn and unlock the door with shaking hands. His eyes bore into my back, but he doesn't try to stop me.

"Goodnight, Lily," he says as I retreat inside the apartment.

I stand by the door long after I've closed it, hoping, in my pathetic little heart, that he'll change his mind. That he'll come back and knock on my door and tell me it was all some sick joke.

But he doesn't.

CHAPTER THREE

"What's wrong with you this week?" Morgan asks. "You seem distracted." long-distance" aid=" certainly

She's brought me the supply list for her upcoming classes, and I've spent the last five minutes trying to find the master list on the computer. I can't remember the damned file name.

"I'm fine," I assure her, but Morgan's too astute for that. She plunks down in the chair across from me and props her elbow on my desk.

"Trouble with Mr. Hunky McBillionaire?"

As promised, I talked to her the morning after my date with Calder. Once she realized who he was, she wanted to know everything. And I mean everything. I haven't told her the full story, of course-a girl needs to keep her secrets, especially when they involve sex games and mysterious mansions. I didn't tell her about the way our date ended, either. I'm still trying to process it myself.

I mean, he spent all evening teasing me with his wicked promises, touching me and whispering about the things he would do to me later. He took my panties, for freak's sake. What the hell happened? What could his financial advisor possibly say to him during that call that would change everything so drastically?

"Everything's fine with us," I assure Morgan.

"Mm-hm." She clearly doesn't believe me.

Honestly, I don't want to get into it with her. I've been trying to keep myself from thinking about it, since I know that over-analyzing these things only makes them seem worse. He only asked to slow things down. He's probably just trying to be a gentleman. Maybe he's right-maybe this will be good for us.

Whatever the reason, I refuse to dwell on it. I've poured myself into my work these past three days, trying to concentrate on something productive, but if Morgan's noticed that something's wrong then I must not be doing a very good job of hiding my mood.

I finally find the file containing the supply master list, but I can still feel Morgan studying me as I plug in the new numbers.

"He hasn't called you, has he?" she says.

I've been trying not to think about that, either. I mean, no matter what all those dating rules say, it doesn't matter whether he waits one day or three to call after a date. Couples have lives outside of each other. through the wrought iron. somethingpa

And we're not even officially a couple yet, so none of this matters anyway.

God, I'm a mess.

Morgan leans across the desk and grabs my arm.

"Please, Lily," she begs. "You went out with Calder-freaking-Cunningham. You're the only one of us allowed to have scandalous dating adventures. Let me live vicariously through you." Morgan's getting married in the spring. In fact, she moved out here this past summer to be with her fiance, who works at one of the large banks downtown. She hasn't had the chance to make many friends, which works out for me since I don't have many either. I work such long hours that I rarely meet anyone outside of the Center.

"Come on," Morgan teases. She leans forward. "Ooh, was he bad in bed? Wait-does he have a small dick?"

"What? No! No, of course not! His dick is fine. More than fine."

"Ah, so you've slept with him then."

Damn-she's an expert at this interrogation thing.

"No! I mean-" My cheeks are on fire. I didn't want to talk about this.

"You have! I knew it. Tell me everything."

"Morgan, I-"

"Excuse me, ladies. Are we interrupting?" My dad has appeared in the doorway, a man I've never seen standing just behind him.

"No, of course not," I say, grateful for their sudden appearance. "Morgan was just dropping off her supply list."

Morgan smiles. "Yup, I was just about to go finish preparing my classroom." She turns to leave, but from the look she flashes over her shoulder, I know that this conversation isn't over.

When she's gone, Dad steps forward, ushering his companion toward the seat Morgan just vacated. where this is going" aid="lp

"You have a minute, don't you, honey?" he asks me. "This is Asher Julian. He's from the Intown Voice. He's writing a piece on us."

"On us?"

"On the Center. On all the changes we've been making these past few months. Isn't that wonderful?" My dad is almost bouncing in excitement.

I glance over at the man sitting across the desk from me. He has sandy blond hair and bright, friendly eyes. If I had to guess, he's in his early thirties, but there's a boyish quality to him-probably only heightened by that dimple on his left cheek. He's dressed in jeans and a sport coat, casual but put-together. He extends his hand to me.

"A pleasure to meet you, Ms. Frazer," he says, shaking my hand. "I must admit, I admire the work you two have done around here. This place is truly an asset to the community, and I think a lot of people would love to hear your story. At the very least, I hope to give you a little more visibility. Our little city could use more places like this."

Okay, this guy definitely knows how to butter us up. No wonder Dad's beaming. This sounds like an amazing opportunity, but still, I'm a little wary.

I used to date a journalist-Garrett, who shall henceforth be known as The Psycho Ex-and I asked him once, when we were still together, if he'd run a little piece on us. Nothing crazy, or long-just a couple of sentences. A mention. Garrett laughed and kissed me on the nose and told me that as much as he'd love to do it, his editor would never approve of the story. I knew he was telling the truth-after all, he wrote primarily for a site that addressed national business and financial news, and we're a small community organization-but his condescension stung all the same.

And then, when the Center was struggling, when we were trying everything we could think of to bring in more funds, we contacted a number of local publications. The only ones that bothered to respond just sent over their advertisement rates. I want to ask Mr. Asher Julian where he was when we desperately needed this attention, but the truth is, we still need it. We might be on the upswing now, but we can still use all the help we can get. Intown Voice is a small, local publication-the sort that you find for free on racks outside of bars and coffee shops-but to my admittedly-limited voice reminds me. I smile as I squeeze the man's hand in return. "What sort of questions did you have for us?"

Dad leans forward. "I've already chatted with him for a bit, given him the basics about our history and programs. But he's especially interested in the changes we've made around here recently, and since you were the brains behind all of that, I told him he should talk to you." To Mr. Julian he adds, "She's cleverer than me too. And a much cuter subject for any photos you need to take."

"Dad," I say, fighting down a blush. It doesn't matter how old you get-parents always like to dote on you in the most awkward way possible.

"I'll be right next door," he says, ignoring my warning glare. "Just holler if you need anything."

He retreats back to his office, leaving me alone with the smiling, eager reporter.

I take a deep breath. "So. What is it you want to know?"

"It's not an interrogation, I promise," he says, pulling a small digital voice recorder out of his pocket and propping it up on the desk. "And I won't take up much of your time."

I realize I sound less-than-enthused about all this, so I quickly put on a smile.

"I'm sorry," I say. "It's just been crazy around here this morning. And I'm afraid I've had some bad luck with journalists in the past."

"Ah, yes. Your dad told me that you used to date Garrett Afton."

Great. That's Dad-always the blabbermouth. Things just got a whole lot more awkward.

"Are you two, uh, friends?" I ask. I don't know if I can deal with this.

But Asher shakes his head. "I've only met him once-in an entirely professional capacity." He leans in conspiratorially. "Honestly, I thought he was a bit of a snob."

My surprise must register on my face because he adds, "Don't worry-not all writer">But Calder shakes his head.

In spite of my concerns, I find myself returning his smile.

"That's a very noble goal," I say.

"The same one you have here, I think." He crosses his legs. "What do you say? Do you trust me enough to answer a few questions?"

"Ask away, Mr. Julian."

That seems to satisfy him, and his grin widens. "Call me Asher, please. Don't think of this as some formal interview. We're just talking."

"Sounds good to me."

"Do you mind if I call you Lily?"

"Oh, no. Go ahead."

He clicks on the digital recorder and leans back in the chair, as if we really are just two friends having a chat. I don't know why, but I automatically feel a little more comfortable myself. I feel my shoulders relax.

"I really do love this place," Asher says, glancing around my office. "I can tell that you two have poured your heart and soul into it."

"Thank you," I say. "We do everything we can for the Center."

"It shows." He flashes a charming smile and scoots forward. "You were practically raised in this place, weren't you?"

I spend the next half hour talking to him about my life here-about everything my dad has poured into this place over the years, about all the programs and classes and events we've planned. I grew up in the Center. My entire life has revolved around this place.

Asher smiles and nods with encouragement as I speak, even asking me to elaborate on a couple of points. I'll admit-I was a little worried at the beginning, but now that I've seen Asher's approach, I'm feeling much better. There are people in our community who see value in the work we do here. I could go on for hours and hours about open the pantry doorto10 the Center, and Asher seems perfectly willing to let me.

At one point he gets up and goes over to the photos on my wall, the same photos Calder was studying only a few nights ago. I move beside him, and he turns and grins at me.

"You look so happy with the kids," he says.

"I was happy. I am." I reach out and touch the nearest photo. "I'd do anything for this place."

"I don't doubt it." Asher says it almost reverently.

I glance over at him. He's nearer than I thought, close enough that I notice, for the first time, the dusting of freckles across his nose.

"It's rare to find someone with so much passion for their work," he says, his voice thick with admiration. "Trust me, I know."

I feel a blush coming, so I laugh and turn away. "As you said, I grew up in this place. How couldn't I be passionate about it?"

"Tell me about your latest efforts," he says. "Your father said it was your idea to start renting out the gallery space."

"Well, I-I mean, I suggested it, but he made most of the major decisions."

"That's not what he tells me. He says you've spearheaded the entire project."

I sit back down. "I've just done what needed to get done. He has a lot of things on his plate already, and so it made sense that I'd take on most of the new responsibilities."

Asher props his hand on the edge of the desk and leans toward me. "You know, Lily, modesty is a fine quality, but it doesn't make for very good sound bites."

I feel my cheeks grow warm. "I'm not being modest."

Now it's his turn to laugh. "Oh, I think you are. You'll go on and on about the Frazer Center until someone asks you about your own part."

I start to protest, but he cuts me off. through the wrought iron. somethingpa

"Don't worry, the readers will eat it up. It's pretty charming, actually."

Wait-is he flirting with me? He flashes another broad, dimpled smile before returning to his chair.

"I don't want to make you uncomfortable," he says. "I won't force you to brag. We can come at it from a different angle, if you like." He leans back in his seat. "Tell me a little about the situation here before you decided to rent out the gallery."

I take a deep breath and launch into what I think is a pretty good account of our situation those final few months: our failed fundraising attempts, our cutbacks, our ongoing discussions about our prices and programs. I could talk about this all he wants, and I figure I must be giving a decent answer because Asher keeps nodding.

Finally he says, "Your father tells me that you guys were doing just fine until you lost a significant donation you were promised. What can you tell me about that?"

There it is. I should have guessed this topic would come up. I need to tread carefully here.

"Sometimes pledges are broken," I say, "and we have to make do. It happens to every nonprofit organization at some point, I'm sure."

"But this was a very large pledge. From a very well-known family."

I force myself to shrug. "We don't know the circumstances surrounding the decision." The general public has yet to learn about the Cunninghams' financial situation, and I won't be the one to reveal it.

"You don't believe they owe you some sort of explanation?"

I shift in my seat. "I'm in no place to judge their decision. They don't owe us anything."

"Not even an apology?"

"We've received an apology."

"Really? Your father says you haven't."

Ugh, I should have been more careful. I've received an apology from Calder, of course, but my dad wouldn't know that. And I certainly can't explain that to this man without going into the nature of my acquaintance with the Cunningham heir.

Time to change tactics.

"I prefer to think of the situation as an opportunity for us," I say. "It gave us the chance to grow as an organization."

Asher nods and smiles, and I can't tell whether he buys my answer or not. But he doesn't press the issue further, at least.

"Would you mind if I took a few pictures of you? A couple in here, I think, and then some in the gallery. And anywhere else around the facility that you'd like me to see."

"Of course." I say, suddenly wishing I'd put on a little more makeup this morning. Or worn one of my cute blouses instead of this standard old button-down.

He pulls out his camera, and I frantically run my fingers through my hair.

"You look amazing, I promise," he assures me, shooting me a wink over the lens.

I drop my hair and flip it back over my shoulder.

"Where do you want me?" I say, trying to think of all the cheesy business articles I've seen. "Typing at my computer, or...?"

"Whatever you like," he says cheerfully.

I position my hands awkwardly over the keyboard while Asher snaps away.

"Relax," he tells me. "You're doing great." I can tell from his tone that he's used to this, that I'm not the first one to be a little stiff in front of his camera. I'm not camera shy by any means, but it's one thing to pose for a photo on a vacation or at a wedding or something and quite another to go for the whole "fake candid" thing. But Asher's patient and understanding, and after a little more coaxing I begin to feel much more natural.

We head to the gallery next, and then to a couple of spots outside.

"Are you sure we don't need my dad for any of this?" I ask.

"I already got a few of him," he replies. "Besides, as much as I hate to admit it out loud, he's right. Commercially speaking, you make a better subject for this stor open the pantry doorto10y."

"Because I have breasts?"

He looks stunned for a minute at my directness, but then he laughs.

"It's a sad truth of the media industry," he says. "Young, attractive women tend to garner a lot of attention. I swear it's not as skeevy as it sounds. Every story has to have an angle, and trust me, if we play up your angle-the tale of a sweet young woman trying to save her father's struggling art center-this place is going to get a lot more attention. Nonprofit institutions struggle and close every day, and you are what sets this place apart. It's a simple marketing strategy."

I'm not entirely comfortable with the idea, but he does make a lot of sense. And honestly-if I thought posing for nudie pics or dancing on street corners would ultimately help the Center in some way, I'd do it in a heartbeat. This, by comparison, is nothing.

And so I smile for Asher's camera. It isn't much longer before he decides he's captured what he needs.

"Well, it was wonderful talking to you, Lily." He pulls a business card from the pocket of his sport coat and passes it to me. "Please feel free to contact me at any time if you think of anything else you'd like to add."

"Of course," I reply, popping the card into my pocket.

He clasps my hand in farewell, and his fingers linger on mine a touch longer than necessary.

"It was a pleasure," he says, and this time there's no denying the flirtatious tilt of his lips.

"Thank you for coming to speak with us," I say, pulling my hand away. "And thank you for considering the Frazer Center for your piece."

"Not at all," he says, his blue eyes flashing. "You do this for a few years, and you start to get pretty good at sniffing out an interesting story."

* * *

My phone rings as I'm leaving work that afternoon.

"Hello?" I say through the wrought iron. somethingpa, shoving my cell beneath my ear without even bothering to look at the screen. I nearly drop the armful of books I'm carrying, and I let out a curse.

There's a familiar chuckle on the other end of the line. "Did I call at a bad time?"

"Calder! Hey." I manage to balance the books. "It's fine. How are you?"

"You sound surprised to hear from me."

Yeah, well... I was beginning to worry that I wouldn't hear from him ever again. But I don't tell him that.

"I'm sorry I wasn't in touch earlier. I'm afraid I got caught up in a few business matters." He doesn't elaborate on what those "matters" might be.

"Is everything all right?" I ask.

"Of course," he answers too quickly. "But forgive me for keeping you waiting. I assure you, it wasn't my intention."

That makes me feel better, even though I'm still curious about the business that kept him so preoccupied. Does it have anything to do with the call he received on our date?

"Everything is forgiven," I assure him.

"Good. When I realized it had been three days I was worried you might have forgotten about me again."

"I never forgot about you or our date in the first place," I say. "I lost track of time. And you never returned my underwear, you know."

"We'll have to remedy that, then."

"You mean with another date?"

"What are you doing tomorrow?"

Tomorrow's Saturday, so I have the day off, but I decide to tease him a little for waiting so long to call.">But Calder shakes his head.

"I'm afraid I have plans with one of my other suitors," I say. "He's been most attentive while you've been away."

"Is that so? Well, I'm afraid he's going to be unexpectedly detained tomorrow."

"Is that a threat, Mr. Cunningham?"

"It's a promise."

I grin. "I guess I better send him away then."

"You better. I'll pick you up at three."

"Three it is."

By the time I hang up, most of my worries about Calder have dissipated. I can't believe I allowed myself to get so worked up over the fact that he hadn't called.

I'm concerned by the "business matters" that kept him occupied all week. I only hope that his call means that he's sorted everything out, that he's taken care of whatever left him so distracted during our dinner. Maybe he'll even give up on the whole "waiting to have sex" nonsense.

Still, I'm pretty sure I'm grinning like an idiot right now. I'm so caught up in my happy little bubble that I don't notice my dad has paused in my doorway.

"You're cheerful," he says. "Get some good news?"

"Oh-oh, no, I just..." I'm too flustered to come up with something quickly enough.

He smiles. "Who were you talking to on the phone?"

Uh oh. He heard that?

"Just a friend," I say quickly.

"Ah, a friend. Well where this is going" aid="lp tell him hello for me."

He continues on his way before I can make up any other lame excuses. Crap, I'm not very good at this secret-dating thing, am I?

It will all come out in time, I know. I'll have to create a believable story about how we met. I don't want to outright lie-not to my dad, not about someone important to me-but I'll need to bend the truth a little. Assuming I don't want Calder's head to end up on a spike.

In the meantime, things are looking up. Between Asher's article and Calder's call, it's been a pretty good day. And tomorrow, I'm certain, will be even better.

CHAPTER FOUR

I sense that something is wrong the minute Calder picks me up for our date.

He arrives at three o'clock on the dot, and in his jeans and fitted charcoal sweater he looks so sexy that I'm tempted to drag him into my apartment and jump him right there. He gives me a devilish smile and kisses me, but the minute I slip my hands beneath his shirt, he pulls away and teasingly shakes his head.

"A little eager, aren't we?" he says, his eyes gleaming. That's when I see it: a flash of something across his expression. It's gone before I can give it a name-regret? Sorrow? Guilt?-but whatever it is, I know that there's something, some worry, still lingering in his mind.

He doesn't want me to know. He smiles and touches me and pretends that nothing's wrong, and for the moment, I let him.

He takes me to a local park.

"It's nothing fancy," he says. "But my father used to bring my sister and me here when we were younger. I always thought it was beautiful." He sounds almost apologetic, and I realize, with sudden clarity, that he is-after all, this is a man who's used to giving women expensive gifts and taking them out to five star restaurants. Places like Ventine's. He's used to dating starlets and supermodels, not normal girls like me who are perfectly content to stroll hand-in-hand through a park.Zou: at

"It's perfect," I say, looping my arm through his.

He smiles down at me, his uncertainty replaced immediately by his usual wicked smile. The shadows are still there, hidden in the depths of his eyes, but if he wishes to ignore them for the afternoon then I will too.

He leads me along a path through the trees, down toward the pond-which everyone around here calls the "lake"-and away from the crowds on the main green. The air is chilly, but in that lovely mid-autumn kind of way-though I'm glad to have worn a scarf and thick tights with my dress. I lean against his warmth, and he slides his arm around my waist.

It's strange.

Strange to be a normal couple walking through a normal park. I mean, this is the guy who once had sex with me up against the wall of a dungeon. Well-cellar, if we're getting technical about it. My time on his estate was intensely erotic, and this feels so ordinary by comparison.

I glance up at him. The afternoon sun makes his skin glow and brings out the bluish undertones in his dark hair. There's a muscle working in his jaw, but when he senses me staring, he looks down and smiles.

"How was your week?" he asks. "Discover any burgeoning Van Goghs in one of your classes?"

I remember the subtle shift in his mood the last couple of times I talked about the Center. I know he's only trying to be polite.

"I don't want to talk about work," I tell him. I want to pull him away from the dark places in his mind. I want to remind him of the wild, passionate couple we were, back on his estate.

I stop on the path and look out across the lake.

"See that dock?" I say, pointing to the small, wooden structure protruding into the water from the far shore. "I'll race you to it. Loser has to make the other one dinner."

His eyes darken at the challenge. "Are you sure that's a good idea?"

"Afraid I'll win?" I tease. "Because you should be."

Before he has voice reminds me.

"Cheater!" he calls after me, but it's not long before I hear his footsteps in pursuit.

Adrenaline pumps through my veins as I race through the trees. There are only a handful of people in this section of the park, and they glance up at me in confusion as I run by. Calder is right on my heels. His footsteps grow louder, closer, and then he's near enough that I can hear his ragged breathing.

Once, he's close enough to reach out and grab the back of my dress. I stumble and almost fall, and by the time I recover he's pulled ahead.

"Who's the cheater now?" I yell after him.

A passing jogger looks at me sharply, but I curse under my breath and start running again.

Calder has a good lead on me now, but I'm not about to let him win, not this time. Up ahead, a small creek enters the lake, and our path curves away from the lakeshore to a small bridge slightly upstream. Calder follows the path, but I head straight for the creek. I run through the brush, leap over the water, and manage to regain the path some paces ahead of Calder.

We're close. I can see the end of the dock through the trees ahead. Calder is just behind me, and though I hear him reach for me, I manage to twist out of his reach before he's able to pull the same trick on me twice.

But I underestimate him. Just as we break through the trees and hit the shore, he lunges, catching me around the waist. We both land on the sand, twisting and tumbling over each other.

I'm so close. Calder tries to hold me down, but I manage to free my arm. I reach out, grappling for the dock, and I'm rewarded when my fingers hit nearest wooden post.

"I win!" I gasp as I cease struggling.

Calder seizes the opportunity to pin me to the sand beneath him.

"You owe me dinner," I say, gazing up at him.

"Is that so?" He's breathing heavily and his hair is a mess-like we've been taking part in a very different sort of physical exertion.

"You lost." I enjoy those words more than I should. "Even though you tried to cheat."">Neither of us says ait10

"I'm the cheater? You're the one who had a massive head start."

I laugh. "And we never said tackling was allowed, either."

He gives a self-satisfied smile. "I don't believe for a minute that you didn't enjoy that part."

He's right, of course. I reach up and pull his face down to mine. Warmth sweeps through me as our lips meet, and I revel in the feeling of his weight on top of me.

I raise my hips slightly, and he groans against my mouth before pulling away.

"We should stop before this gets out of hand," he says.

As much as I hate to admit it, he's right. We're right out in the open.

"Maybe we should sneak off into the trees somewhere," I say. The thought of letting Calder make love to me in some secluded corner of the park sends a rush of blood between my legs.

"No," he says, shaking his head and sitting up. "We decided we'd wait to have sex."

Oh.

"If I recall correctly," I say, "you decided we'd wait to have sex. I'm perfectly fine with the idea." I reach up and run a hand sensually down his chest. I feel his muscles contract even through his sweater.

But he clasps my hand and pulls it away.

"Trust me, Lily. It's better this way." He reaches down and brushes a bit of sand from my cheek. "I just don't want us to rush into anything before we're ready."

Before we're ready. I'm ready. But that doesn't mean he is.

That realization hits me like a punch to the gut. Calder's not ready for this. For us. I don't know what to say, what to think. After everything we've been through together, I thought we were both "all in" emotionally.Zin to make

He's watching me closely. I don't know what he sees in my face, but he leans down and kisses me delicately on the forehead, then once on either eyelid.

"How about that dinner?" he says softly.

I nod, and he helps me up. As soon as we're standing, he grabs me and pulls me against him, burying his face in my hair.

"Thank you," he murmurs. "Thank you for being patient."

"Of course," I whisper, reaching up and holding him.

His grip tightens. "Lily..."

The emotion in his voice startles me. Something is seriously wrong. He suddenly seems so lost, so vulnerable, and I tighten my arms around him.

"I'm here," I say. "I'm always here."

His mouth is at my ear. "You don't know what you do to me."

I close my eyes. "But I know what you do to me."

I wait for him to say something else, but he falls silent. Still, he refuses to let me go. His shoulders are rigid beneath my hands, his muscles tight. It breaks my heart to see him like this, but I don't know what to do. He won't speak to me about his family problems, and he won't let me comfort or distract him in the best way I know how.

We stay like that for some time, until my stomach starts to audibly rumble.

"Come on," he says. "Let's go eat."

We turn and head back up the path through the trees. I'm not sure whether I feel better or worse for our last conversation, but I force myself to focus on the small, beautiful things around us: the birds singing in the trees, the breeze sweeping through the branches overhead, the dead leaves crunching beneath our feet. Calder takes my hand and twines his fingers through mine. His grip is steady, secure. Our fingers don't believe that anything is wrong, and I trust the language of our bodies more than I trust the insecurities running around in my head.

We're nearly back to the green when Calder suddenly flinches, turns, as if he's spotted something startling out of the corner of his eye. I follow his gaze, but I only see trees and, in the distance, some children playing.

"What is it?" I ask.

His hand tightens on mine, but he shakes his head.

"It's nothing. Come on."

We continue down the path, but the tension doesn't leave his body. Something's wrong. He keeps glancing around, but I don't see or hear anything out of the ordinary.

And then, all at once, it's clear: ahead of us, where the path enters the green again, there's a crowd of people waiting for us.

Well, not people. Reporters.

They come at us all at once, like a cloud of mosquitoes, digital recorders and microphones outstretched, cameramen trailing behind.

"Mr. Cunningham!" they cry. "Mr. Cunningham!"

Their questions come like an assault, one missile after another.

"Did you know about your father's financial troubles?"

"Have you lost everything?"

"What happened to the three million dollars your family promised the Red Cross?"

"Did your father have a gambling problem?"

Calder keeps his head down and his arm tight around me as we try to move through them, but they're everywhere. All around us.

"We need to run," he whispers in my ear.

And then, without any further warning, he takes off, dragging me by the hand behind him. We race across the grass, back through the trees, down toward the lake.

It's not until we reach the edge of the water that Calder pauses, and only then do I turn and look behind us to see if anyone dared to follow. And indeed-some w through the wrought iron.gshay back, but clear as day in her bright aqua pantsuit-at least one of the reporters is coming after us. For all I know the rest could be close behind her.

We're too far from the car, which means our only chance is to hide out somewhere for a while until they give up and go away.

"Under here," Calder says.

There's a rowboat lying upside down on the bank. It was clearly abandoned some time ago-the wood is gray and weathered and spotted with pale green lichen-and I wouldn't dare test it on the water, but it's long enough for both of us. Calder has bent and lifted it up by the side.

"Are you serious?" I say, but even I know that our options are limited. I duck under the boat, and Calder follows, then lowers the boat over our heads.

It's a little tighter under here than I expected. The only way Calder and I can both fit is if we're basically on top of each other, and we wiggle around for a minute until I end up beneath him. He holds his weight over me, and his mouth is by my ear, his breath hot against my skin.

"This is cozy," I murmur.

"Indeed." He sounds distracted, and I realize he's straining to listen for the approach of the reporters.

I knew this would happen-feared it, prayed it wouldn't-but it was inevitable that the Cunninghams' secrets would come out, that those scheming, bottom-feeding tabloid reporters would catch wind of it eventually. Our culture thrives on this, on watching the privileged fall apart, and we applaud when they tumble down to earth with the rest of us.

The worst part is there's nothing I can do to help him. Things are going to get even worse for him now that this has exploded, and there's nothing I can say to make it better.

"Ignore them." It's a feeble attempt, but it's better than nothing. "We'll stay here until they go away."

I can't see his face. His cheek is pressed against mine.

"It might be hours," he says finally.

"I before pulling away.He chuckles at that, though it's a humorless sound. I feel the vibrations through my chest, and my nipples harden against my bra.

Of course my body would betray me at a time like this.

I bring my hands up, skimming them across his side and up across his back. He's stiff, tense, and I begin moving my fingers in slow circles, gently massaging the muscles. Calder starts to relax beneath my touch. He lets out a sigh, stirring my hair.

"Lily..."

It doesn't sound like a protest, so I continue to rub his back. He shifts, lowering a little more of his weight onto me, and my heartbeat quickens in my chest. I slide my hands down the length of his torso and tug at the hem of his sweater.

"Lily." This time there's no ignoring his tone.

I'm all innocence, even as I slip my fingers beneath his shirt. "What?"

"Stop teasing me."

I'd rather him be annoyed at me than worrying about the swarm of journalists outside.

"Are you not tempted at all?" I whisper, arching my back to press my body against his.

He sucks in a breath before catching me by the waist and pushing me firmly against the ground again.

"Temptation has nothing to do with it."

"No?" I slip my hands beneath his sweater once more and dig my nails into the bare flesh of his back. A tremor courses through him.

"I know what you're doing," he says, his voice low and throaty. "We've played this little game before, tried to see who could make the other break first. If I recall correctly, you lost that time, too."

"That is up for debate." I turn my head and capture his earlobe in my lips, sucking it between my teeth.Zin to make

His whole body tenses, and I'm delighted to feel the pressure of his arousal against my thigh. I know it's taking all of his willpower to remain in control. If I just-

"Where the hell did they go?"

The sharp voice snaps me out of my sexual haze. It's coming from above us-from just outside the boat.

"Maybe they want along that path over there? Around the lake?" This second voice sounds frustrated, but mostly just bored.

"If they went that way, we'd be able to see them through the trees." That's the first speaker again, and by now I'm pretty sure that it's the reporter in the aqua pantsuit.

"Maybe we should go back and wait by the car?" The second speaker-her cameraman?-sounds less enthused by this situation every second.

Good. The sooner they get bored and leave, the better.

"We're not leaving until I get something," the reporter insists. "I want that first interview."

Oh God, could she be any more of an obnoxious, go-getting leech? If Calder weren't pinning me down, I'd go out there and kick her ass for being such a stereotype.

"What do you want us to do?" whines the cameraman.

"I'll go this way, and you go the opposite direction. If you spot them, call me. Immediately."

"Yes, ma'am."

Leaves crunch as the reporter stalks away. A handful of seconds later, she lets out a curse-I gleefully imagine she's tripped over something in her aqua heels-but, eventually, all sound of her disappears. She's moved on.

I wish I could say the same for the cameraman. I listen intently for the sound of his retreat, but he doesn't seem in any hurry voice reminds me.

Crap. He's sitting on the boat.

The absurdity of our situation hits me all at once, and the laugh begins to bubble up in my throat before I can stop it. I clamp my lips together, biting down on my tongue to keep from giving us away, but my body still shakes with the effort and air rushes in and out of my nose as I choke back the sound.

Calder notices. He claps a hand over my mouth, then leans down and whispers so quietly in my ear that I can barely hear him.

"So you think this is funny, do you? Think this is a game?"

I try to shake my head, but the pressure of his hand across my lips makes it difficult to move.

"Have you forgotten who you're playing against?" he murmurs.

He leans down and catches my earlobe between his teeth, copying my attack from a moment ago. Goose bumps race across my scalp, and I suck in a ragged half-breath through his fingers. His other hand is down by my waist, holding me still beneath him, and he grinds against me.

"You like that?" he breathes. "You want me to fuck you right here, with that man right above us?"

As if on cue, the wood creaks above our heads. The cameraman must have shifted his weight. Part of me is terrified that he'll hear, that he'll know-but another part thrills at the pure depravity of our current situation.

Calder seems to be enjoying himself, too. His mouth burns a trail down my neck, nipping and sucking and teasing until the surface of my skin is dangerously sensitive. His fingers dig into my hip, and he grinds against me another time.

Fuck, I want him. I need him. I try to raise my hips to meet his, but he presses me back down.

"I can smell it on you," he murmurs. "I bet you're sopping wet right now."

His hands are at my skirt now, tugging it up. I'm wearing tights underneath, but he doesn't bother to pull them off. Instead he just slips his fingers between my legs. I'm sure I've soaked them through by now. I hear Calder's breath hitch when his touch meets the damp">Neither of us says ait10 fabric.

"I'm not going to give it to you," he whispers. "I'm not going to have sex with you. I'm going to bring you right to the edge and leave you there, and then maybe you'll understand how serious I am."

Even though I can feel his erection pressing against my thigh, I know he's telling the truth. He's done this before-toyed with me, brought me to the very brink of pleasure and then stopped-but I don't have the strength to push him away now. My body has come alive at his touch, and right now, in this moment, there are no shadows or insecurities-just us.

The man above us coughs, and we both go still. Maybe not "just us," then.

Still, that little reminder of the cameraman's presence does little to deter Calder. Before long, he's pressing his fingers against me through my tights once more. It takes everything in me to hold back my moan, and it's a surprise when Calder suddenly removes his hand from my lips-until he grabs my scarf. He shoves the fabric into my mouth, properly stifling any sounds I might make. Then he moves his hand to my shoulder, holding me down.

Meanwhile, his mouth has started to blaze a trail across my collarbone and down over my chest. He brushes his nose against my breast, nuzzling and teasing until my nipple stiffens once more against my bra. It doesn't matter that my clothes are still in the way. Calder takes my nipple in his teeth through the fabric, and I just about lose it. I grab his hair, twisting and tugging at the dark strands as he sucks on my breast through my dress. The sensation sends flashing lights across my vision.

I'm worried now. Worried because I'm having a harder time controlling my breathing, even around the scarf. Worried because I'm not sure how much longer I'll be able to fight down the sounds of pleasure building in my throat. Is Calder crazy? If he doesn't stop, we're going to get caught.

But his fingers are still working furiously against me. I'm getting closer, and I try to tug Calder's head away from my breast, try to stop this madness before it becomes unbearable. Calder refuses to obey my silent commands. Instead, he bites down on my nipple through my dress.

My legs flail, and he tries to keep me still, but it's too late. My foot hits the side of the boat with a thwunk.

We both freeze.

For a moment, nothing happens, and I'm ready to let out a breath of relief when the wood creaks above us. The cameraman is getting up.">Neither of us says ait10

Oh shit.

I'm still scrambling to get my dress back down around my hips when the boat lifts. The sunlight is blinding, and I squint even as I struggle to pull the scarf out of my mouth. The cameraman stares down at us, a cigarette dangling out of his gaping mouth.

And then he falls over.

It takes me a moment to realize it's because Calder has kicked his legs out from under him. He grabs my hands and pulls me to my feet, and then we're off running. We're halfway to the car before we run into the other reporters and paparazzi, but we've got a good head start. We pass them before they even realize who we are, and by the time they actually start to chase us, we're at the parking lot. I'm gasping for breath by the time we slide into Calder's car, and he pulls out of the space so quickly that he nearly gives me whiplash.

I turn and stare out the back windshield as he tears away. Several of the reporters stare after us, while a couple of the photographers snap photos of our retreating car. Our victory, such as it is, doesn't feel like much of a victory after all. We might have escaped today, but this isn't the end.

My hands shake as I attempt to smooth and straighten my clothes, but I'm not sure whether it's because of our narrow escape or the lingering effects of my encounter with Calder beneath the boat.

I glance over at Calder. He's looking straight ahead, but his jaw is set and I can tell he's thinking hard. I can't even begin to guess how his life will change now that the whole world knows his secret.

The worst part is that I sense, with some certainty, that it will change things between us, too, and I don't know how to stop it.

CHAPTER FIVE

The car ride is awkward, to say the least.

Honestly, I'm still a little aroused, but I know that this is no longer the time or place to tease Calder into some naughty misdeeds. He's distracted, and his knuckles are white around the steering wheel. I want to break the silence, but what do you say to someone in a situation like this? Oh, no one reZ">0.00% 0.atads those gossip rags anyway! I'm sure it will all blow over soon! Ugh. It just sounds condescending.

We're halfway back to my place when his phone goes off. Calder doesn't seem to notice at first-or maybe he's just ignoring it. Maybe he's afraid they found his number and are calling to harass him some more. The phone is sitting in the center console, and its vibrations rattle the plastic cup holders and the loose change he's started collecting there. On the third ring, I glance down at the screen.

"It's not one of them," I assure him. "It's Tim Renley."

Tim-that's the guy helping him with all the financial stuff, right?

Calder lets out a long breath. He reaches down and grabs the phone just as the fourth ring is about to cut off.

"Tim, hey," he says. He listens for a moment, and though I'm trying to pretend I'm not interested in the call, I'm hyper-aware of the way Calder keeps glancing at me out of the corner of his eye.

"Listen," he says after a moment. "I have some thoughts, but can I call you back later?"

Apparently Tim agrees. Calder thanks him and hangs up, but this time he slides the phone into his pocket instead of dropping it back into the console.

I don't know what to think. This is the second secretive phone call he's taken in as many dates. I know his money issues are none of my business, but this goes deeper than that. I can sense it.

I look over at him. "Do you want to talk about anything?"

"Not really."

I lean my head against the window. I understand, I guess. But I hate that he's dealing with all of this alone. If his sister were around, or if he had some sort of support system in place... dammit, I'm not going to let him suffer by himself.

"Calder..."

"I don't want to talk about it."

"Probably all the more reason you should talk about it."

He tightens his grip on the steering wheel, and I'm afraid he's going to explode. But after a minute he sighs and tugs a hand through his hair.

"Look, I know you're trying to help, but I need to deal with this on my own."

Neither of us says anything for a few minutes. I sense him look over at me.

"I'm sorry," he says. He sounds exhausted. "I knew this would happen eventually. I was just hoping I had time to sort a few things out before the press started hounding me."

"What things?" I prompt.

"Please," he says. "Please, Lily."

"But-"

"You're not ready to share parts of your life with me, either."

I blink, startled by the accusation.

"You won't tell your father about us," he reminds me.

"That's completely different."

"Is it? I'm not trying to barge into your family affairs. I'm only asking the same courtesy of you."

His words are like a slap across my face. Maybe he's right. Maybe I'm sticking my nose where it doesn't belong-but that doesn't make it hurt any less.

He sighs. "In light of this recent development, do you mind if I take a rain check on dinner? I-I'm not sure I'll be very good company tonight."

I shake my head, even though I'm reeling on the inside. "Take all the time you need."

This is a fight, isn't it? Not our first fight-we had our share of disputes back at his estate-but this is different. The fights back at his manor, in their own funny way, actually basically on top of is-but it leaves a sour taste in my mouth and a hollow feeling deep in my gut.

I wish he would say something.

I pick at a loose thread on my dress. This is ridiculous. What am I, some sort of angsty sixteen-year-old falling in love for the first time? We had a disagreement. We're adults. It happens sometimes. We're still trying to figure out how we work together. If we work together. Relationships aren't cupcakes and puppies one hundred percent of the time.

Calder won't look at me, but maybe he's just trying to keep his eyes on the road. I wonder if he notices me looking at him. A bit of his hair curls around his ear. On a different day, on a different car ride, I would reach out and touch it. I'd twist it around my finger, maybe, and then when I'd coaxed a smile out of him, I'd gently trace the side of his jaw. It doesn't look like he's shaved in two or three days. Maybe he knows I like him better this way, that I like the rough, scratchy feeling of his facial hair against my bare skin.

I want everything to be okay between us. If I could touch him, he'd know. I'd know.

I reach out tentatively, but if he notices, he doesn't flinch or pull away. I capture that errant curl between my thumb and forefinger, revel in the softness against my skin. My hand brushes against his cheek as I tuck it behind his ear, and though it's only the lightest of touches, I still feel the shiver move through his flesh. His jaw loosens.

"Lily..."

I don't know if he's even aware he's said my name out loud. I want to make this right. He's pulling onto my street now, and I need to make this right.

My caress is delicate, a stroke along the neck. The pad of my thumb slides along his jaw. My pinky twines itself in the hair along his nape. His skin is warm beneath mine.

We're going to be okay, I tell myself.

He pulls into the parking lot of my building, and I drop my hand, reaching for my purse again. But Calder won't have any of that. He slams the car into park, grabs me, twists me toward him. I don't have time to gasp before he kisses me. His fingers dig into my scalp, drawing me nearer, while his tongue explores my mouth as if he can't get enough of the taste of me. I can't get enough of him, either. Idecided we'd wait to have sex.it10t's like this is the only way we can express our pain, our fears, our everything.

I grab a fistful of his shirt, but I'm not going to take off any of his clothes. I'm not going to push it. This is enough, right now. This brief, passionate meeting of mouths and minds.

I pull away first. I feel like I'm going to float away.

"Goodbye," I tell him. "I had a wonderful time today."

He gives a small smile, runs his hand through his hair. "I'm sorry, for-well, for the way things ended today. I'll make it up to you, I promise."

"I'm counting on it."

He pulls me close again, kissing me softly, sweetly this time.

And for the moment, that kiss tells me everything I need to know.

* * *

"Have you seen this?" Morgan says. "Is it true? Did you have any idea it was going on?" It's Monday morning, and I haven't even had the time to settle in yet, but Morgan's here, waving a magazine as she approaches my desk.

My stomach sinks. I'm afraid to look, but I suck it up and take the glossy weekly from her hand.

It's even worse than I expected. There it is, in huge block letters across the cover: "RUINED! THE CUNNINGHAMS LOSE EVERYTHING!" And below, in only slightly smaller letters: "The Downfall of a Family!" I don't want to see the actual article. It's probably full of lies and rumors. But I find my fingers fumbling through the pages, flipping to an image of Calder and his late father. They don't look happy, but it's a random candid shot. The magazine probably chose the moodiest photo of the Cunninghams that they could find. It's disgusting.

"So?" Morgan says, leaning toward me over the desk. "What's going on? Did they really lose all of their money?"

She doesn't mean badly, truly she doesn't. Morgan's sweet, and I know she's asking out of mere curiosity rather than pure schadenfreude, so I resist the urge to throw the magazine back in her face.decided we'd wait to have sex.it10

"These tabloids always exaggerate everything," I say. "His father made some poor financial decisions, but it's not like Calder is living on the streets or anything."

"The article says he sold the family estate."

I shrug. "It seems silly for him to live there by himself. It's just him and his sister now, and she's on the other side of the world."

"Ah, yes! Louisa!" Morgan flips the page in front of me to reveal the following spread. This one features a photo of a bright-eyed, smiling Louisa, her dark hair spilling out of a bandanna and her arms around a child. The headline on this page reads, "A Sister with Heart: Louisa Cunningham's Life of Philanthropy." This one makes me almost as angry as the previous article. Look: I admire anyone who dedicates their life to the service of others, anyone who recognizes their own privilege and decides to use it to make the world a better place. But Louisa left her brother to handle all of their family troubles alone. Calder had to deal with the estate, the finances, the damage control-everything. On top of his grief. Aren't families supposed to get through this stuff together?

And he has this tabloid shit-fest to deal with, too, now that the news has broken. He shouldn't have to face it by himself.

He's not alone, I remind myself. You're here with him. Not that he's letting me help him.

"What's that look?" Morgan says. "You know something, don't you?"

I'm saved from having to respond by the sudden appearance of my dad.

"And what are you two ladies gossiping about?"

I freeze, unsure of what to say, and Morgan's eyes widen as if we've just been caught conspiring. I think about pushing the tabloid aside, playing it off, but Dad's already at the desk. He looks curiously down at the magazine.

"You don't read this junk, do you?" he says, plucking it up from the scattering of registration forms I'd hoped to file this morn toward the place where 6Npaing. His gaze scans over the page, and I watch the recognition flicker in his expression at the sight of the Cunningham family.

"Hm," he says, his eyes skimming over the article. After a minute, he tosses the magazine back on my desk. "Have you heard anything from the Crasters? We're still waiting on their final payment."

"I'll give them a call." Of course, what I really want to do is ask him what he thought of the article he just saw. How he feels about Calder Cunningham now that's he's seen the truth.

But my dad's already halfway out the door again.

"That reporter fellow called early this morning," he says over his shoulder. "He said he had a couple of follow-up questions and wanted you to call him when you got in."

"Okay, Dad!" I call after him. I don't remember where I stuck Asher Julian's card, but I add it to my already-overflowing mental to-do list for the day.

Morgan seems to sense my shift in mood.

"I'll be back later," she tells me. "With coffee. And cookies."

It's not until after she's gone that I realize she's forgotten her magazine. I know I should push it aside-that it's only going to piss me off-but I can't help myself. I flip back to the first page of the article.

The photo of Calder and his father makes me feel no less stabby the second time around. This time, though, my eyes skim past the photo and on to the piece itself.

You don't want to read this... a little voice in my head warns me.

But since when have I listened to those reasonable little voices?

It's not pretty. I read the entire thing twice because the first time I'm too angry to absorb everything. This article doesn't just revel in the Cunninghams' financial troubles. It hints at deep-rooted family issues, illegal business transactions, and the sort of ridiculous activities you only ever see on soap operas. The late Wentworth Cunningham gets the worst of it, but the article speculates about Calder's involvement as well. One anonymous "source" claims that Calder tried in vain to keep his father out of trouble, while another "friend" voice reminds me.

I pick up the magazine and hurl it against the wall.

Where the hell do they get all of this? I only hope that Calder has more sense than I do and doesn't let himself read this garbage.

But maybe it's not all trash. I remember, quite vividly, what he told me in his car: I was just hoping I had time to sort a few things out before the press started hounding me. What things? When Calder told me about his situation, he said that his father had made some poor financial decisions. But what if it was something far shadier than a few bad investments? What if the late Wentworth Cunningham had been caught up in something illegal? I think of the strange, secretive phone calls I've seen Calder take. What is he up to?

Calder's proud, and I suspect he'd do a lot to protect the memory of his father-not to mention his family name. How far would he go to bury this scandal?

I don't know what's going on, but I know this tabloid storm can't be easy on him. We haven't talked since our date on Saturday, but I pull out my phone and shoot him a text.

How are you?

He doesn't respond right away, so I get back to work. The reply finally comes through just when I'm about to force myself to stop for some lunch.

I have to leave town on business for a couple of days. Dinner when I get back on Thursday?

He's leaving town on business. Is that code for "I have family things to take care of" or "I need to get away from this mess"? It takes all of my willpower to refrain from asking him for further details. I'm a grown-ass woman. I can be patient and respect his desire for a little privacy.

Sure, I reply. Dinner on Thursday. Can't wait.

Still, the whole situation gnaws at me. As I nibble at my peanut butter sandwich, I find myself clicking through the gossip sites on my computer. I don't let myself read any of the articles-just the headlines. But tha nipples and crotch somethingpat's enough to make me sick to my stomach. A lot of people have latched on to the idea that the late Wentworth Cunningham was involved in something shady, but no one seems to know exactly what-drug hustling? Gambling? Some sort of pyramid scheme?

I force myself to click away before my temper explodes.

The phone on my desk rings as I'm dumping my half-eaten sandwich crusts into the garbage.

"Frazer Center for the Arts," I say cheerfully into the receiver. "Lily speaking."

"Lily! Just who I was hoping to speak to. It's Asher Julian from the Intown Voice. We spoke last week."

Crap. I was supposed to call him back this morning.

"Of course," I say, hoping I sound less scattered than I feel. "Mr. Julian. Forgive me for not getting back to you earlier. I've been swamped today."

"Asher," he corrects. "And I hope this isn't a bad time. Should I call back?"

"No, I have a few minutes. Fire away." I don't want to do anything to compromise this article.

"Great. I imagine you know what I'm going to ask you."

I frown, confused. "I'm sorry, I don't..."

"The news about the Cunninghams."

Oh. I should have seen that coming.

"Do you have any comments?" Asher prompts. "How do you feel about your situation, now that you know the truth?"

I want to defend Calder, explain that the "truth" portrayed in the magazines might not reflect what really happened. But I have a feeling that if I even hint at the fact that I know more than the general media, I've lost.

"There are so many differentdecided we'd wait to have sex.it10 stories out there right now," I say, "that I'm not sure we know the truth just yet. Either way, it doesn't affect the Center. We've learned to stand on our own two feet."

"That's a very diplomatic answer."

"It's an honest answer."

He laughs. "I must say, I admire you more and more every time we speak. Most people are all too eager to spill their dirty secrets for a few minutes of fame."

"Some people don't have secrets to spill."

"And now you're just being coy. Everyone has secrets, Lily."

"Is that so?"

"I'm sure you have a few stashed away. A girl like you has a hard time staying out of trouble."

I'm not sure whether I'm insulted or intrigued. "What do you mean by that?"

He lets out another laugh. "A few years in this industry and you learn to how to read people. But don't worry-I know better than to press a woman to reveal her mysteries. I just wanted to see if you had anything to share now that the Cunningham situation has become national news."

"I'm sorry I can't help you," I say. "But hopefully it doesn't affect the article. You're writing a piece about the Center, not the Cunninghams. Unless I'm confused?"

I can hear the smile in his voice when he responds. "Of course. But every story needs a good villain."

"There isn't always a villain."

"But most of the time there is, if it's a story worth telling. I understand your desire to appear sensitive and tactful in this situation. The last thing you want is for anything you say to reflect poorly on the Frazer Center. But I assure you, Lily, you'll win more people over if you embrace your role as the victim. It's the truth, isn't it? The Frazer Center has suffered because of the Cunninghams' irresponsibility. Trust me, people love rallying behind a sympathetic cause."

"The Frazer Center isn't a victim of anything but this economy," I say. "And we're doing everything we can to change that. Isn't that enough of a story for you?"

My growing annoyance only seems to amuse him.

"Forgive me. I should've known my usual tactics wouldn't work on you. But I hope you don't blame me too much for trying."

"I hope I didn't disappoint you too much, Mr. Julian."

"Quite the opposite, actually. In fact, I rather enjoyed this little chat."

"If you have any further questions about the Center, please feel free to give me a call," I say.

"Believe me, I will. Thank you, Lily."

"Thank you."

I hang up quickly. It's pretty clear to me from my brief acquaintance with the man that Asher Julian is quite skilled in the art of charming information out of people, but I won't fall victim to his ploy.

I can't blame him, I guess. He's only doing his job, and the Cunningham news leaked at a very opportune time for him. Still, I'm pissed. Why does every article have to revolve around some scandal? Why can't anyone just write a piece about a small but dedicated organization pushing through a difficult time?

I hope I haven't screwed this up for us. What if he decides that it's not worth running our story without some juicy Cunningham gossip thrown in? Dad will kill me if he finds out.

But I don't have time to worry about that right now. My phone rings again almost immediately, and it's the woman who rented the gallery for this upcoming Saturday. She'd been planning to use the facility for an engagement party for her son and his fiancee, but apparently the happy couple is no longer... happy. She wants to cancel, but she's pissed that she'll lose her deposit. And so, of course, she takes out her frustration on me.

Just another fun day at the Frazer Center.

An hour later, when I finally get her off the phone, I'm done. Between thedecided we'd wait to have sex.it10 tabloids and Asher Julian and my last call, I'm ready to call it a day.

I need to fix something. Anything. I pull out my phone. I don't care if Calder's on his way out of town. I'm desperate to make something right in my life.

Hey, I text. I have a proposition for you.

I force myself to work on the stack of registration forms while I wait for his response, and I lunge for the phone as soon as I hear the beep.

What sort of proposition?

I smile to myself. The sort he won't be able to refuse.

A game, I type. Something to make sure you miss me while you're gone.

I still have a lot to learn about Calder, but one thing I do know: he can't resist a little friendly competition. Things have been shaky between us recently, and if he won't let us have sex, then there are other ways for us to connect.

What game are you proposing? he asks.

I can't help but grin as I type. I was thinking Truth or Dare.

He doesn't respond for a long moment, and I wonder if I've pushed too far. But then, finally, my phone beeps again.

You aren't allowed to dare me to have sex.

I almost laugh out loud. Still, I have to admire his stubbornness. It will make victory that much more enjoyable.

Fine, I respond. But everything else is fair game.

There's another long pause, but this time I know I have him.

You have no idea what you're getting yourself into, my dear, he texts.

Bring it on, I reply.

He takes my challenge to heart, launching right in.

Him: Right now? Where are you?

Me: At work. Being very productive.

Him: Sounds like it. So which will it be? Truth or dare?

Me: Who said you get to ask first?

Him: I did.

Me: Fine. But we have to name stakes first.

Him: Aren't there already stakes in Truth or Dare?

Me: I mean if someone refuses to do something.

Him: I'm guessing you have something in mind? And then: Sex is still not allowed.

I bite my lip. I know what I want to say. I want to help him, want to chase the darkness away from his mind, and I can only comfort him if I know what's going on. But demanding outright that he reveal his family secrets is pushy, even for me. I have to play this carefully.

Me: If you refuse to do something, you have to tell me about that call you took during our first date.

Something shifted between us the moment he took that call. If I can get to the bottom of that conversation, then I can help him. Help us.

Calder doesn't respond for sever nipples and crotch somethingpaal minutes. I start to grow anxious, afraid that I went a step too far.

But then: If you refuse to do something, you have to tell your dad about us.

Damn. He knows what he's doing. But there's no backing out now.

Agreed, I text him.

Him: Let's go then. Truth or dare?

Well, then. I guess he's ready to go. Let's start this game right.

Dare, I text back.

I force myself to start working on the class registrations again while I wait for him to come up with an appropriate challenge. Needless to say, in spite of my best efforts I don't get much done before my phone beeps again.

Him: Are you at your desk?

Me: Yes.

Him: Alone?

Me: Yes.

Him: Is your door open?

Me: Yes.

I'm a little nervous now, but good nervous-the kind that makes my heart beat faster and my skin prickle in anticipation. But I'm still not prepared for his next message.

I want you to get yourself off, right now.

I stare at the screen for a long time. I'm still contemplating how to respond when my phone begins to buzz again, but it's the call tone this time.

"Hello?" I breathe.

"Well?" Calder sounds far too amused. "Not backing out already, are we?"

"For someone who's insisting we hold out on sex, you're sure heating things up right out of the gate."

"You said that everything else goes."

Ah, I get it now. He's trying to scare me off from the start, knock me out before we've even begun to play. He knows he'll never be able to maintain his no-sex plan if we continue this game, but he's too proud to refuse to play along with me. And so he's trying to get me to back out on the very first round.

He should know me better than that.

"All right," I say.

I can't tell whether he's more surprised or excited by my answer.

"You have to stay on the phone with me," he tells me. "So I know you're doing it."

"I'm not going to moan or anything. This isn't a porno."

"You don't have to make a sound. I'll know."

I shiver at the surety in his voice. He's probably bluffing, but I don't mind keeping him on the line. If I'm going to do this, I want him to hear it. I want to get him so worked up he'll have no choice but to jump me the next time he sees me.

I'm wearing a dress today, so it's easy enough to reach down and pull up the hem of my skirt. And if anyone walks by my open door-please don't let them walk by my door-my desk should block the exposed skin. It will simply look like I have my hand in my lap-or so I tell myself. Thank God classes haven't started yet. There are only a handful of us staff members around.

I slide my fingers slowly up my thigh. It won't take much, at least. In spite of everything, my body is already responding, my nerves prickling at the sheer wickedness of it all. I can't believe I'm actually doing this.

I press my finger against my underwear. There's already a small damp spot, and ev toward the place where 6Npaen that light, indirect friction sends a tremor through my flesh.

On the other end of the line, Calder is completely silent.

"Are you going to help me?" I ask.

"No. I want it to be all you."

All me. As if I don't imagine him when I touch myself, as if I don't remember the way his hands and lips and cock feel. As if I haven't relived it over and over again in my mind these past few weeks. He caught me touching myself once, back at his mansion. It preceded the first time he and I ever had sex-rough, amazing sex in the backseat of my Honda while the rain fell around us.

If I'm going to do this, then I'm going to make sure he gets as hot and bothered as I do.

"I bet you wish you could see this," I whisper into the phone as I slide the edge of my panties aside. "You like watching me, don't you?"

He doesn't respond.

"How long did you watch me last time? How long did you wait before you dove into the car and fucked me?"

I let my middle finger slip down between my wet folds, and I suck in a breath as the heel of my hand brushes against the sensitive nub at my crest.

"I've watched you, too," I say. It's the first time I've ever admitted it out loud. "From the secret passage outside your room."

Calder chuckles deep in his throat. I've always suspected that he knew, but he seems to enjoy the confirmation.

"Naughty girl," he says, his voice husky. "You liked it, didn't you?"

God, did I ever. I start to respond, but suddenly Morgan bursts into my office.

"I'm running down the street to grab some coffee," she says. "Need an afternoon pick-me-up?"

She speaks loudly enough that Calder hears.

"Don't stop," he growls.

I shake my head frantical nipples and crotch somethingpaly at Morgan and point helplessly at my phone with the hand that isn't currently moving between my legs.

"Oooh," she says, finally seeing the cell wedged beneath my ear. "So sorry!" But then her mouth curls up in a smile and she takes a step forward, mouthing, "Is it him?"

She's close enough now that she'd be able to see what I'm doing if she decided to look down. I slide my chair forward, hiding what I can beneath the desk.

"I'll talk to you later?" I say. My voice sounds strained, panicked. In my ear I hear Calder chuckle again, but Morgan doesn't seem to notice my distress.

"Of course," she says. She turns on her heel and moves back down the hall, and I let out a sigh of relief.

"You aren't done yet, are you?" Calder asks.

No, but I want to get this over quickly before anyone else decides to stop by. I shift slightly, spreading my thighs and slipping my finger inside. I increase the pressure on my clit as I begin to work my finger in and out.

As much as I'd like to think I'm being completely silent, I know Calder can tell exactly how close I am.

"Tell me about this time you watched me," he says. "I want to hear all the details."

I'm too preoccupied to hold much of a conversation, but I try.

"The first night I was at your estate," I say breathlessly. "I went into the secret passage. I wandered along until I found your room. You were naked."

There's a long silence on the other end, but I'm emboldened by this wicked little confession. I slip another finger in along with the first, moving them roughly, quickly. I'm close now. My breathing is shallow, fast, desperate. Beads of sweat dribble down my back, and my cheeks are flaming hot. If anyone walked by now there'd be no hiding what I'm doing.

"You watched me from the passage?" Calder prompts.

"Yes..." I bite down on my lip to keep from breathing so loudly.

He strides " aid="lp>"Just watched?"

Crap, I'm so close... "I... touched... myself..."

Calder groans, and that nearly pushes me over the edge-but not quite. It's his next words that do it.

"Come for me, Lily. Come, now."

Pleasure tears through me, and I gasp and clutch the edge of the desk. My head falls back against the chair, my eyes drop closed as I follow ecstasy to its peak and back down again. I'm still panting when Calder speaks.

"Well, I should leave you to compose yourself," he says, sounding far too pleased with himself. "You probably still have work to do, don't you?"

It takes me a moment to put together a coherent response.

"What about your turn?" I ask.

"I'll be waiting."

Oh, I bet he will. And after what he just put me through, he better be ready for something good.

CHAPTER SIX

I can't believe I just did that.

One final shiver of pleasure ripples through me as I stand up. I take a deep breath and move on shaky legs to my door before stumbling down the hall to the bathroom.

That went even better than expected. I know I should feel ashamed, or at least a little embarrassed, but I don't. I feel completely victorious.

Well, okay-not completely victorious. Calder hit me by surprise with that one. I should have seen it coming.. It gives me hope.

But for a minute, I felt like us again. There was no weird tension, no stress or secrets or scandals. Just us, without the rest of the world. I couldn't see Calder's face, but I heard his voice and I know he felt it too.

I lean over the sink and splash water on my cheeks. My skin is still flushed, but there's not much I can do about that. I can, however, pull off my panties, which are uncomfortably wet at this point.

As I clean myself up, I start thinking about what I'm going to ask him to do on his turn. Now that I've had this reminder of how things can be between us, I'm going to throw everything I have into this game. Besides, after that dare he gave me, I'm aching for a little payback.

By the time I return to my desk, I have half a dozen completely wicked ideas floating around in my head. I force myself to finish with the class registrations first-just to make sure I get something productive done today-and then I pull out my phone.

Your turn. Truth or dare?

He never told me where he was going these next few days, but I hope I catch him somewhere good. Maybe the airport. Somewhere with a lot of people. I'm already playing out the scene in my head when he texts me back.

Truth.

Wait a minute-after what he put me through, he's going to wuss out and pick truth? What's wrong with him? My response is fast and furious.

Chicken.

Just trying to mix things up a little, he replies.

I roll my eyes. I'm sorry. I can't hear you over all of that clucking.

Well, that throws a wrench in my brilliant revenge plan. But I'm not going to let this stop me. I might not be able to knock him out this round, but maybe I'll be able to pick up some useful information. After a few minutes of thought, I send my response.

All right. Truth time. What's your filthiest fantasy?

I lean back in my chair, satisfied that I've made the best of this situation. Besides, I'm a little curious about his answer. Based on our brief but intimate acquaintance, I'm sure he has more than a few kinky desires hidden away in that brain of his. I want to know them all.

But his reply isn't the elaborate, detailed answer I anticipated. Instead, it's two words.

La Tomatina.

I blink. What the hell? I was expecting something with whips, hot wax, toys-I have no idea what to do with La Tomatina.

I begin typing. You mean... that huge tomato fight in Spain?

In Valencia, technically, he replies. But yes.

I'm still confused. I've seen clips of La Tomatina on the travel network on TV. It's basically a huge food fight with thousands of people and literally tons of tomatoes. I get that. But where does the fantasy part come in?

So... you want to have sex in the middle of La Tomatina? I'm not sure how to work with that.

Him: No. I just want to go. Always have.

Me: How is that a fantasy?

Him: I've fantasized about going. Just never actually done it.

Me: That doesn't count. It's not even sexual.

Him: You never specified 'sexual.'

Me: I said 'filthiest'!!! nipples and crotch gsh

Him: You can't tell me I wouldn't be filthy after La Tomatina.

I can't believe it. I can't freaking believe it. He's wheedling out of a real answer by arguing semantics?

Okay, scratch that. I can believe it. He's pulled this shit before. I bet he's having quite the laugh at me right now.

Me: Ooooh, you're going to get it.

Him: I'm shaking in fear.

Me: You're a cheater. I think that's an automatic forfeit.

Him: I didn't cheat and you know it. It's not my fault that your question wasn't specific.

He's just toying with me now. The more I argue, the more he enjoys it.

Besides, he texts, I don't think you're ready for this game to be over yet.

He's right, damn him.

Just you wait. I reply.

I swear, I can feel that smug smile of his even through the phone.

It's your turn again first, he reminds me. But I'll give you a little break first. I'll call you tonight.

Fine, I type. But I still think you cheated.

Goodbye, Lily. toward the place where L" aid="

I send him a farewell and drop my phone back down on my desk. I still can't believe his audacity. There's no way I'm going to let this slide without a little payback.

I reach down to my purse beneath the desk. I shoved my dirty panties in there when I got back from the bathroom, but I have a better idea for them now. I yank a large manila envelope out of my desk and seal them up inside.

He might not have given me the chance to get my revenge during our game, but I have a few other tools at my disposal. And I'm going to make sure Calder has a fun little present waiting for him with his mail when he gets back from his trip.

* * *

That night, as promised, he calls.

"Truth or dare?"

Right to the point. I've been waffling all afternoon over which one I should pick this time, but I don't realize I've decided until it slips out of my mouth.

"Truth."

He must have been ready for that choice. He has his question ready.

"How many men have you been with?"

Well. He's not messing around, is he? We'll just have to have a little fun with that.

"When you say 'been with,' what are we talking about here?" I ask playfully. "Do you want the number of boyfriends? Sexual partners? Blowjob recipients?"

"Are they all different numbers?"

"Do college experiments with women count? And how do you want me to calculate that orgy I attended a few years ago? You see, I was blindfolded and I'm not sure how many-"

"All right, all right, I get it. Very funny."

I grin. "Your question's not very specific."

"Fine. Sexual partners. Blowjobs don't count. College experiments can, voice reminds me.

"Are you going to get jealous if I tell you?"

He hesitates just a little too long before answering. "Of course not."

I know I shouldn't, but I kind of like that he's a tad jealous. I like that I have that little bit of power over him, that I've cracked that shell of smug confidence.

And I have no reason to be ashamed of my answer. He knows I wasn't a virgin when we got together. I'm twenty-five, for God's sake. I had a sex life before him. He met Garrett, so he knows about one of my exes already-though that experience probably didn't give him a very good impression of my taste in men.

"Six," I tell him. "Including you. Plus one girl in college-which was fun, but not quite the same."

He takes a moment to consider this, and my mind is racing. Is that number higher than he expected? Lower?

"So," he says finally, "how do I compare with these other lucky fellows?"

I laugh. "You already asked your question. I'm not required to answer any more."

"You torture me."

"Oh, I'm sorry Mr. Tomatina. Are you unhappy with my response?"

"Yes, smart-ass."

I lie back on my pillow, grinning. "Do you doubt your own skills in the bedroom?"

"Not for a minute. I just want to hear you say it."

"Well, if you insist, I can go through each of my exes one by one and rate their-"

"Now you're just teasing me."

"No. Teasing would be telling you that I'm lying naked on my bed, wishing you were here."

"Play fair, Lily."

"You can have me any time you want," I remind him. "You're the one putting restrictions on this relationship."

"It's good for us," he insists, but even he sounds less-than-convinced by the argument.

I could continue, but as he's out of town that would only frustrate the both of us.

"It's your turn," I say cheerfully. "Which will it be this time? Truth or dare?"

He exhales a long breath. I'm sure he's nervous about what I might throw at him after the stunts he's pulled so far in this game.

"Truth," he says finally.

Seriously? Again? He's no fun.

I sigh loudly, just so he knows I'm disappointed. I could just return his last question, but honestly I'm not sure I want to know how many girls he's slept with. He can keep that secret.

But there is something I do want to know. As much as I'd like to think I have some self-control, my curiosity gets the better of me.

"Where are you?" I ask.

I feel the shift immediately. Like a wall sliding down between us.

"Lily, I don't think-"

"I'm following all the rules," I remind him. "You're welcome to refuse to answer, but then you have to tell me about that phone call."

I shouldn't have asked. We were fine, when we were just playing the game. I should have asked him something dirty and let him tell me when he was ready toward the place where L" aid=". But there's no backing out now.

When Calder does finally speak, his answer doesn't do anything to set my mind at ease.

"I'm in New York City," he says.

"On business?"

"There's a lot to deal with right now."

"That's very vague."

"Purposefully so. Lily, this has nothing to do with you. I've already asked you to let me deal with this on my own."

The defensiveness of his tone stuns me.

He must sense something in my silence because the next time he speaks, his own voice has softened.

"I know you're trying to help," he says. "But please, I don't want to drag you into this. You are-you are the one thing keeping me together. The one perfect, beautiful thing in my life right now. The only thing set apart from all this bullshit. I need that. Please, Lily, I need that. I need you."

My breath catches in my throat.

"You know I'm here for you," I whisper.

"I know."

"But you can't go around calling me perfect."

He chuckles, and though it does little to reassure me, it eases the tension a little.

"Just take the compliment, Lily." He's starting to sound like his old self again. "You know, one of these days I'm going to tie you down and make you listen to an entire lecture on how amazing you are. And you won't be allowed to refute a word of it."

"Is that so?"

"I'll probably have to gag you."

"Bound and gagged? I like where this is going."

He laughs again. "Nice try."

"I'm going to keep trying," I say, dropping my voice low. "Until you give me what we both want."

"In all seriousness, though," he says. "Thank you, Lily."

He sounds so vulnerable. I wish I could reach out and hold him.

"Of course," I murmur. "I'm here."

* * *

His words linger in my head the following morning.

You are the one thing keeping me together right now. I need you. It warms me and terrifies me all at once.

Still, I feel like I understand him a little better now. If he needs some time and space to figure things out, then I need to let him have it.

But that doesn't mean I can't do a little investigating on my own.

It's amazing how quickly this scandal has spread across the internet. Most of the major news outlets have picked up on the story by now, but it's the gossip blogs that have completely exploded. In a matter of days, Calder has gone from "world's most eligible billionaire" to a joke-or at the very least, someone to be pitied.

Right now, people are still getting over the initial shock of what appears to be an "overnight" change in the family's means. There's very little beyond pure speculation about the reasons for that change. Certainly nothing that offers me any clues about the truth. Still, I can't look away. It's like a sick, twisted addiction. I click through site after site, and though I grow more nauseated with every post, I don't know how to stop. It's like when you have a sore tooth and you can't stop poking at it with your tongue.

I'm probably an hour into my search before I come across the pictures from the park. I gape in horror at the photos-at Calder's stunned, angry know what you do to me."

Judging by the captions and comments, no one has been able to identify me, though there's plenty of speculation about my relationship with Calder.

"Knock knock."

I nearly jump out of my skin at Dad's voice, and I quickly click away from the images on my computer screen.

"Are you in the middle of something?" he asks.

I shake my head. "What's up?"

"You talked to Gina Billings yesterday, didn't you?"

"Oh, God," I say, turning away from my computer. "Is she still putting up a fuss? She canceled on us yesterday and kept insisting that we refund her non-refundable deposit."

"Did you send her another copy of the contract?"

I nod. "And I reread it to her over the phone about sixteen times. Even offered her credit toward a future date. I thought I'd settled everything with her."

"Well, apparently it's not quite settled yet. She left us a pretty scathing review online. Essentially called us criminals."

Great. We're still new enough to the facility-rentals business that we need all the good word of mouth we can get. I've snagged a few nice testimonials from other clients, but a heated rant could topple that good press very quickly.

"But that's not the worst of it," Dad tells me. "I just got off the phone with someone from Holeman and Parker. She said that Gina called their offices this morning and tried to convince them that we're crooks and that they should cease all donations. Apparently she found the list of corporate sponsors on our website and is calling the businesses one by one."

"Are you serious?" Geez, this just gets better and better, doesn't it? "Let me give her a call."

"I've tried. I left her a message, but we'll see if she gets back to us. I just thought I'd pop in and see if you had any good ideas for damage control."

"I'll try and figure something out," I tell him. Assuming she hasn't turned off half of our donor base already.

He nods. "We'll need to get some positive buzz around here after this. At least we have that Intown Voice article coming out soon."

My stomach tightens at the mention of the article. Things didn't exactly go poorly with Asher Julian over the phone, but I've had a knot in my stomach ever since our second interview. He really wanted to hit the Cunningham angle of our story, and I made it clear that he wasn't going to get the information he wanted from me. What if he decides there isn't enough of a story without it?

As soon as my dad leaves, I scrabble around my desk until I find Asher's card. He picks up on the first ring.

"Asher Julian."

"Hey. It's Lily from the Frazer Center for the Arts."

"Ah, Lily." He sounds genuinely pleased to hear from me. "I was wondering when you'd call."

I hope he's not expecting me to suddenly change my mind. "I just wanted to know when you thought the article might run."

"Well, that depends," he says.

"On...?"

"On whether or not I get the story my editor wants."

Crap.

"I've y cheeks go hot" aid="lptold you everything I know," I tell him. "I know you'd prefer something with a little more drama, but I'd like to think that you have an interesting story already."

"Interesting doesn't always cut it in this world," he says. "I'm going to be blunt with you, Lily. My editor has promised me the cover if I do this right. This Cunningham business has been all over the national press this week, and we have a piece of the story right here in our own community. This is huge. I wouldn't be surprised if the article gets picked up by one of the larger weeklies. Think of what that would mean for the Frazer Center."

I do. It would be huge for us. But saying even one word against Calder's family feels like a betrayal. I won't do it.

"I'm sorry," I say. "I don't know anything else about the Cunninghams. But if there's anything else I can do, any other questions I can answer for you, I'll do it in a heartbeat."

"I'll tell you what," he says. "I have a couple of other ideas for how we might spin this story, but let me run them by my editor first. Can I give you a call after I've talked to her?"

"Of course."

"It was never my intention to be pushy about any of this," he says. "And I don't want you to think that I don't believe the Frazer Center is worthy of a cover story all on its own. It's a remarkable organization, and if I had my way it would get not only the cover but an entire ten-page spread. But my editor loves the flash, and I have to walk that fine line between writing something of substance and giving her what she wants. Believe me, it's an ongoing battle."

His words make me feel a little better-but only a little.

"Give me a call after you've talked to your editor," I tell him. "I'll do whatever I can to help."

"Looking forward to it," he says.

I breathe a sigh of relief after I hang up. It's not a magical solution to our problem, but it's a move in the right direction. Sometimes I feel like I'm just putting out one fire after another around here.

I only wish I could shake this feeling that my whole world is about to go up in flames.

CHAPTER SEVEN

By the time Thursday shows up, I'm ready to put my fist through the wall.

A couple of our teachers have come down with the flu, so I've been working overtime to make sure they have everything prepared for classes next week. Gina Billings is still on her crusade to cost us all of our funding, and while no one has yet to obey her "suggestions," we've been fielding calls from annoyed donors all week. I'm afraid this might cost us in the long term, and I've yet to hear back from Asher Julian about the article.

On top of that, my dad seems to be coping with the extra stress by being extra nosy.

"He's been asking me about you," Morgan tells me when I pop by her classroom that afternoon with a couple of blueberry scones. "Well, he's been asking about this mystery guy you've been seeing. Thought I might know something."

"He what? What did you say?" Crap. I wasn't expecting Dad to go all super-sleuth on me.

"I just told him the truth. That I don't know very much and that I'm sure you'll let him know if you've found a keeper."

I bite down on my scone. Dammit. Now it feels a whole lot shadier, hiding this from him. Maybe I should try testing the waters again, see if I can gauge Dad's true opinion of Calder. I just don't know what I'll do if Dad's holding on to any lingering resentment. Honestly, I don't want to put that strain on what Calder and I have right now.

"How is he?" she asks suddenly. "How's he dealing with this media craziness?"

"Who? Calder?"

"Duh."

I feel weird admitting that he doesn't want to talk about it with me, so I shrug. "About as well as you can expect."

She nods again.

"Poor guy," she says. "It just gets worse and worse, doesn't it?"

She doesn't need to tell me that. In spite of my best efforts, I find myself drawn to the news again and again. I've been spending my lunch breaks with my eyes glued to my computer screen, gorging myself on the gossip blogs. The other night I stopped by the supermarket for some food, and I ended up standing next to the magazines for almost an hour, reading every article on the Cunninghams in the entire store.

The speculations have continued. The most popular theory still seems to be that Wentworth had some sort of gambling problem. Some have embraced the idea that he was involved in a scam overseas-but whether he was part of the con himself or a merely victim remains up for debate.

The worst are the claims that there was some sort of blackmail situation going on. I saw one article claiming that Wentworth had some kid by a call girl. The woman in question claims that the late Cunningham patriarch paid her huge sums of money to keep her quiet while he was alive-and that Calder took up the silencing efforts after his father's death.

The whole thing just makes me sick.

"They'll say anything to sell a magazine," Morgan says, reading into my silence.

I know that-but I also know that something big has been bothering Calder. What if the Cunningham family really does have something to hide? How far would they go to protect their name?

Calder hid the truth of his financial situation from me. He allowed me to believe that he had the funds I needed for the Center, encouraged me to play along with his little games in order to win that money from him. I understand now why he lied to me, and though I've forgiven him, that doesn't mean he's not capable of lying again.

I want to trust him. I want to support him. But I don't know what I'll do if he blindsides me again. If we're going to be together, he can't keep these huge, life-changing secrets from me. He might think he's protecting his family or himself, but the truth will always come out.

I'm still thinking about it that night as I get ready for our date. He's back in town today, and as promised, he's going to cook me dinner. I put on some music while I get dressed and force myself to focus on the beat, not the questions running through my head or the lump that's settled in my gut. I want tonight to be perfect, and that means forgetting about everything going on outside. Tonight, it will just be us.

I arrive at his apartment right at seven o'clock. He offered to come by my place instead-he told His shoulders are rigidSince I've never felt comfortable asking Calder about the gritty details of his financial situation, I have no idea what to expect. When a billionaire loses "everything," where does that leave him? Below the poverty line? Somewhere in the middle of the middle class? For all I know, he's still pretty damn wealthy, just not as ridiculously wealthy as he was before.

His building, as it turns out, is fairly modest. It looks older than mine, but it's not quite as grungy. Just an average, ordinary apartment complex. I can't imagine how strange this place feels to him after growing up in that enormous mansion-or even after the fancy suites and villas where he lived over in Europe.

He's been very close-mouthed about his former estate since the last time we were there together. I wonder if he still thinks of it, or if he suppresses all memories of his childhood home in his ongoing attempt to pretend that everything's fine.

He seems well enough when he opens the door. In fact, his face breaks into a wide, breathtaking smile when he sees me. Before I even have a chance to say anything, he grabs me and yanks me hard against him. He kisses me fiercely, like he's been gone three years instead of just three days.

"Damn, I missed you," he growls against my lips. He crushes his mouth against mine once more, and I sink into him, falling against his hard chest.

When he finally breaks away, I'm breathless.

"I missed you, too," I say. "But maybe I should let you go more often if this is the kind of hello I get."

He smiles and grabs my hands, kissing each of the palms in turn.

"Come in," he says, pulling me across the threshold. "I hope you're hungry."

"How was your trip?"

His hands tighten slightly on mine, but his smile doesn't falter.

"Not particularly exciting, I'm afraid. How h do you mean by that?"to10as your week been?"

I don't want to spoil this evening with talk about the Center's troubles or my many hours spent scouring the internet for gossip.

"It's much better now," I tell him, giving his fingers a squeeze. "What's on the menu for tonight?"

"Pasta with marinara. Martin's recipe. He promised me it was foolproof."

I grin. It didn't even occur to me until now, but Calder has never been in a position where he had to learn to cook for himself. Somehow that makes tonight that much sweeter. I almost comment, but my attention has already shifted to the room around us.

So this is where Calder lives now.

It's a small apartment-though not quite as teeny as mine-but it's well-lit and clean. The furniture is a rather eclectic mix of styles, but as I glance around I realize that all the pieces came from his family home-either things he couldn't sell or couldn't bear to sell.

Beside me, Calder is rubbing the back of his head.

"I know it needs some work," he says, "but it's comfortable. And big enough for me."

He's embarrassed, I realize. He's ashamed of this place. He's wearing the same expression he had on at the park, back when he practically apologized for not taking me somewhere nicer.

"I love it," I tell him. And it's the truth. "It feels like you." I turn and laugh when I see the painting hanging on the nearest wall. The first time I saw this piece, I'd just lost a bet with Calder. Even now I feel a blush creeping up my cheeks as I remember the way his hands slid over me, the way he used his skilled fingers to bring me all the way to the edge-and then leave me there. It was a lesson I won't forget anytime soon.

"You like?" Calder is standing close behind me, his voice thick with amusement.

"Decided to keep that one close, I see." I lean back against him, and his arm loops around my waist, holding me to his body. I'm about to squirm against him, tease him a little, when my eye shifts to the painting hanging above the fireplace., you know."" aid="lp

The Ludlam.

I can't help myself. I pull out of Calder's arms and run over. Benjamin Ludlam is one of my favorite contemporary artists-considered by many to be one of the modern masters-and this piece is worth a small fortune. If Calder wanted, he could sell it and move somewhere far larger and fancier than this apartment. But he hasn't.

"It's still yours, if you want it," he says, coming to stand beside me.

I shake my head. He offered it to me once before, but I could never accept anything this valuable, not from him.

"It belongs here," I tell him. "You just have to promise to let me come over and stare at it sometimes."

He laughs, pulls me close. "Anytime."

I loop my arms around his neck and bring his face down to mine, but he only lets me kiss him once.

"I have to go check on the sauce," he says.

The pasta's still boiling when we enter the kitchen, while the marinara is bubbling on the other burner.

"Homemade sauce," I comment. "I'm impressed."

"Don't say that. You'll jinx it." He smiles and picks up the handwritten recipe sitting next to the stove. "But it should be close to done. Will you grab some black pepper from the cabinet?"

I walk over to the pantry door. This is strangely cozy-him making dinner, me grabbing ingredients. It's weirdly domestic for us, and while it feels, well, odd, I'm not as frightened by the normalcy of it as I thought I'd be. In fact, I think I kind of like it.

And then I open the pantry door, and the romanticism of this little scene is shoved aside in the face of the most bachelor-ific of bachelor pantries ever.

It's all I can do not to burst out laughing. He has exactly twelve food items in this cabinet: half a dozen assorted spices-purchased for tonight's recipe, if I had to guess-a box of fruity cereal, some Pop-Tarts, a can of chicken noodle soup, a package of sandwich cookies, and two giant jars of pickles. secretive phone call somethingpa

"What's so funny?" he says, coming up behind me.

I grin up at him. "Just admiring your food selection. You really like pickles, huh?"

He shrugs. "Pickles are delicious."

"That's it. This will never work," I tease, wrinkling my nose. "I knew there was something wrong with you."

"Wrong with me? Who doesn't like pickles?"

"Anyone with working taste buds."

He laughs. "That's a little harsh."

"I question the judgment of anyone who eats something soaked in brine."

"And I question the judgment of anyone who thinks it's a good idea to send her panties through the mail."

The panties! I'd completed forgotten. But one glance up at Calder's expression and I know I played this one exactly right.

"I thought you might like another pair to add to your collection," I say. "You have yet to give me back the ones you stole on our first date."

"I like that pair," he says, trapping me against the pantry. "They remind me of how easily I can make you melt at my touch."

"And what about this new pair? Do you know what I was doing when I wore those panties?"

His eyes darken even as he shakes his head. "What were you doing, little minx?"

"I was completing a certain dare you'd given me."

"The dare..." I watch realization flash in his eyes. "You mean..." toward the place where wsh

I nod and tilt my head up so I can whisper in his ear. "I wanted you to have the evidence of my... pleasure."

I can almost see the battle between his will and his lust play across his face. He doesn't want to give up his resolution to hold off on sex, but he's as lost as I am, especially when I reach out and slide a hand up his stomach.

His arms catch me up so quickly that the breath whooshes out of my lungs.

"Such a dirty, dirty little tease," he murmurs against my hair. "What am I going to do with you?" Before I can respond, he lifts me off the ground. The next thing I know, he's depositing me on the edge of the countertop and pulling my mouth down to his.

I wrap my legs around his waist, drawing him closer, and moan against his lips as he grinds against me. He's already rock-hard beneath his pants, and I'm getting wetter by the second. My nipples are stiff against my bra.

Calder's hands slide beneath my shirt and press against the bare skin of my back. He grinds against me again, and I'm totally regretting my decision to wear jeans. If I'd chosen a skirt he could be inside of me already. I slip my hands between us and tug at the button on my fly. The zipper's next, and now he's helping me, pulling at the waistband of my jeans to help get them down my hips. His mouth is at my neck, teasing me, and I bury my face in his hair as he lifts me just enough to slide my jeans down around my bottom. I didn't bother wearing panties tonight. That's part of the game. My skin is blazing hot, and it burns wherever he touches me.

It burns a little hotter on my right side, but in the haze of pleasure I thrust that strange thought away. I reach down to Calder's fly and unfasten it. I need him inside me. Now.

"Fuck," he breathes against my neck as my fingers dip inside his pants. He pulls back slightly and tugs at my shirt, trying to yank it over my head.

Suddenly he freezes.

"Fuck," he says again, only this time it's not exclaimed in pleasure. "Fuck!"

I open my eyes, but he's already yanking me off of the counter. I manage to pull my shirt back down just in time to see the oven mitt-which had been a safe distance from the stove before Calder shoved me on top of the counter-go up in flames. toward the place where wsh

Shit.

I pull up my jeans and dart around the kitchen, opening cabinets and looking for the fire extinguisher. Calder's a step ahead of me. He grabs a dishtowel from the sink and begins beating at the fire. It's not a large blaze, but it's a stubborn one. I give up on the extinguisher and grab a bowl from one of the cabinets. I don't know what else to do. I fill it with water, then turn back to the fire and toss the water at the flames. They hiss as they drown.

By this point, the smoke detector has started to scream. Calder beats out the last little fingers of flame as I go for the fire alarm, and I have to stab at all the buttons twice before I find the one that turns off the ear-splitting blaring.

When I turn back to Calder, he still looks stunned. The charred towel hangs by his side, and his shirt is soaked. Oops. That's probably my fault.

I walk over to his side and turn to inspect the damage. Between the fire and the water, the counter is a mess. And the oven mitt wasn't the only casualty. Judging by the remnants that litter the Formica, the blaze started with Martin's recipe. A couple of wooden kitchen utensils suffered some damage, too, but I imagine they'll survive with a little TLC.

The same can't be said of our dinner. When I threw the water, about half of it ended up the pot of sauce-but honestly, the damage was already done. The marinara is burning, and it was probably past the point of saving even before the recipe went up in flames. As for the noodles...

Calder steps around me and sticks a spoon into the pot of boiling water. The pasta is so bloated and soggy that it falls apart even as he's scooping it up.

"I think I jinxed it," I whisper.

"Well," he says, looking up from the pot and giving me a small smile. "I hope you like Pop-Tarts."

The giggle escapes my lips before I can stop it. "I love them."

We end up heating up the chicken soup as well, and Calder grabs some wine from the shelf.

"At least I have one bottle of the good stuff left."

"We don't have to drink your last bottle," I say. "You should save it for something special."

His eyes bore into mine. "Isn't this something special?"

My cheeks go hot, and I quickly look back down at my soup. Before he can comment once again on how poorly I take compliments, I say, "It's your turn to ask me, you know. Assuming we're still playing our game."

I dare a glance up from my bowl and find him still watching me. My heart stutters a little in my chest. This past week I felt like he was slipping away from me, but right now he's here, and he's looking at me like I'm the only thing in the world.

The corner of his mouth quirks up, but his voice is low, serious. "Which will it be, then? Truth or dare?"

If the oven mitt hadn't caught fire, I'm fairly certain we would have broken his "no sex" rule already tonight. Maybe I can make up for it now.

"Dare," I say. If he gives me something even half as good as his first dare, I'll have him eating out of my hand.

Calder seems to have the same idea. He responds to my question by reaching out and running a single finger down the back of my hand. The sensation makes me shiver.

"Are you sure?" he says, his eyes darkening.

"Of course."

He leans closer, and his finger continues its teasing strokes.

"I dare you," he says, his voice husky, "to eat a pickle."

Wait-what?!

I pull away from him. "Seriously?"

He nods. "A pickle."

"That's not a real dare!"

"Of course it is," he says, smiling broadly. "And a pretty good one, if I do say so myself."

" do you mean by that?"to10You obviously don't know how this game is played."

"Oh, believe me, I know it quite well. If you dare someone to do something they'd already do willingly outside of the game, then what's the point?"

"You're supposed to push each other's limits. Get a little taboo."

"Now you're stalling. Are you going to do it, or do you forfeit?"

"Of course I don't forfeit!" I say, standing. "Fine, I'll eat your stupid pickle."

I stride across the kitchen and yank open the pantry door. I can't believe he's forcing me to eat a pickle. Asshole.

Still, I think as I look up at his smug grin. At least he's having fun. And he needs a little fun right now.

I take a deep breath, preparing myself, and pop the lid off the jar. The smell of the brine hits me immediately, and I try not to gag. I shouldn't have told him how much I hate pickles. I should have known he'd use it against me.

"You should eat the biggest one," he says from over my shoulder.

"The dare didn't include any size requirements," I say. I stare down at the jar. Of course it's whole dill pickles. He couldn't have gone for slices or for those cute little ones or anything. Still, I don't want him to think I'm wussing out, so I decide to go for the fattest, ugliest pickle of the bunch. Slowly, I reach down into the stinky juice. My fingers are going to reek for the rest of the night, but I try not to think of that. I capture one of the smelly beasts and pluck it from the jar.

I turn so that Calder can watch. It's only then that the idea hits me, and though it requires me to endure the taste of this sucker for longer than necessary, the opportunity is too good to pass up.

I raise the pickle slowly to my mouth. It's fat enough that I have to stretch my lips to encompass it all, but that only heightens the effect, I'm sure. I slide the end of it into my mouth and look up at him with as much coyness as I can muster. do you mean by that?"to10

He frowns. "What are you..."

His eyes widen when I begin to move the pickle slowly in and out of my mouth. I don't even flinch when the taste hits my tongue. I'm too focused on making him squirm this time. I work my lips around the pickle, making my motions as suggestive as possible.

"Lily..."

I shoot him my best innocent What? expression as I continue at my task. Calder's getting more flustered by the second. To my delight, he's actually looking a little pink about the cheeks. Who knew I could make the sex god blush by fellating a pickle?

"You're supposed to be eating the pickle," he says.

I pull the pickle from my lips. "I am eating it. Euphemistically, of course. You never specified that I had to literally eat it."

The look on his face is priceless. I'd gobble this whole thing down-literally this time-for the chance to see it again.

It's a full minute before he can speak again.

"Fine," he says. "Fine, you win. Just take that thing out of your mouth."

Happily.

"You know," I say, "it doesn't have to be a pickle."

"Don't push it."

I laugh as I toss the pickle in the trash. It's fun to be on this side of the game for once. Calder's shaking his head at me, but there's humor in his eyes. I've surprised him by finally winning a round of our little game. And after our, uh, heated encounter before dinner, I know I'm wearing him down on the sex issue. I only hope I can continue to keep him off-balance.y heartbeat quickensit10

When we've finished eating, we return to the living room, and I sit next to him on the couch, drawing my feet up beneath me so I can turn and face him.

"It's your turn now," I say. "Truth or dare?"

Calder looks at me for a long moment. I know he's weighing his options. In this game, he doesn't trust me any more than I trust him.

"Truth," he says.

I should be able to predict his answer by now, but I'm a little disappointed.

But maybe this is an opportunity, I tell myself. Maybe it would be good for me to stop thinking about sex and try to learn more about the man in front of me. He might not want to talk about all of the swirling rumors, but that doesn't mean there aren't a million other things I might still learn about him.

I study his face for a few moments, as if somehow I can see past his carefully-guarded expression to the man beneath. To the man who makes my heart stir and my body tremble.

"Tell me a secret," I say softly. "Something no one knows about you."

He looks at me for a long moment, and I can't tell whether he's trying to build his courage or predict my reaction to whatever he's about to reveal.

"I won't judge you," I assure him.

He reaches over and takes my hand. All trace of amusement is completely gone from his face, and his fingers clutch mine a little too tightly.

"I've been trying to figure out how to tell you this," he says, his eyes on our interlocked hands.

Oh, God. This is it, I realize with a jolt. I wasn't actually expecting him to open up about his family's secrets, not right here, but I want him to know that I'm willing to hear anything he needs to say. He looks so serious, and the way his brows have drawn together makes me want to reach out and hug him. I brush my thumb across the back of his hand, encouraging him. voice reminds me.

Calder glances to either side, as if he wants to make doubly sure that we're alone. Even then, he leans forward and drops his voice to a whisper.

"You can't tell anyone."

"Of course not," I say.

He squeezes my hand. His eyes search mine. "You must promise me."

"I promise."

His lips move to my ear. He's squeezing my hand so tightly that my fingers start to tingle. He hesitates so long that I'm afraid he's going to lose his nerve, and when he does speak, he's so quiet I can hardly hear him.

"I'm a government agent, Lily."

For a moment I think I haven't heard him right. I almost ask him to repeat himself, but he's already cracking, already fighting back a laugh. There's a mischievous gleam in his eyes.

"Are you shitting me?" I say. "Are you seriously shitting me? I thought you were going to tell me something real!"

He's grinning.

"Argh! I can't believe you!" I try to punch him in the arm, but he catches me by the wrist.

"You have to admit that was a little funny," he says.

"Ha, ha. That was hilarious." I try to pull my wrist free, but he tightens his grip. "You're supposed to tell the truth, you cheater. And it's still your turn until you do."

He raises my hand to his lips. "I just wanted to have a little fun first. You're very sexy when you're pissed at me."

"Don't you dare think you can sweet-talk your way out of this."

His response is to pull me onto his lap and kiss me.

I'm still annoyed, but all that rushing blood only makes me hotter. I tilt my head back as Calder's lips blaze across my cheeks and jaw. He groans and pushes me down onto my back beneath him.

"Serves you right, after that stunt you pulled with the pickle," he murmurs.

When he kisses me again, I bite down on his lip. He growls, but the pain only seems to rile him more. His hands tear at my shirt. We're like two wild animals, wrestling and clawing at each other.

"What are you doing to me?" he says. "God, Lily, you make me crazy."

I respond by arching my back, pressing my body up against his.

"Tell me a secret," I breathe into his ear. "A real one."

He grinds against me and buries his face in my hair.

"Your skin tastes like summer," he murmurs. "And sex."

"No. A secret about you."

He stops. For a moment he doesn't move, and then he sits up, looks down at me.

I didn't mean for him to stop. I reach up to him, trying to pull him back down on top of me, but he shakes his head. There's something in his eyes that makes my stomach turn.

"You know," he says, "I did want to be a spy when I was younger."

All of the fire and mischief of a moment ago are gone. Calder moves off of me, and I scramble back into to a sitting position.

"Calder..."

"I guess it was all of those James Bond movies my father made me watch. I always assumed I'd be just like His shoulders are rigidI shouldn't have asked him. It was never my intention to make him relive some unhappy memory, but I want to hear it. I want to know. I reach out and tentatively touch his cheek.

"Fast-forward a few more years," he says without looking at me, "and I realized that I didn't need to be a spy. I could have the cars and the women and the fancy suits without having to put myself in any danger. I got to travel all over the world, and I wasn't burdened by having to do a job or protect anyone or anything like that. I wasn't a spy, but I knew who I was, and I was happy with it."

His eyes finally meet mine, and I feel like I can see his entire world shattering in their depths. He reaches out, brushes hair away from my forehead, but it's a hollow gesture.

"But who am I now?" he says. "My whole life has been completely useless. I've never done anything of any real importance. And everything that used to define me is gone. Nothing's left."

"Don't say that." I touch his cheek, trying to draw him back to me. "There's plenty left. Your means have changed, but you're still the same person."

"And what kind of person is that? I built my life on money and lies. On empty, superficial things. And that's all it is-an empty, superficial life." His eyes finally seem to focus on me again. "You deserve more than that, Lily."

"You're selling yourself short," I tell him. "You're-"

"Don't argue with me," he says. "My entire life, I've only bounced around from one pleasure to the next. I had the resources to do anything I wanted, and I never did anything of importance. Look at my sister. Look at my father, even. What did I do? I sat around and bullshitted my way through positions on a couple of museum boards-and only because my father insisted on it." His gaze drops back to me. "Now I'm just a man with no job, no money, no special talents. All I have left is my name, and that isn't necessarily a good thing these days."

He's scaring me. I try to sit up, but he shakes his head and holds me down. His shoulders are rigid"Is this really what you want, Lily?" he says. "A man who is nothing?"

"You're not nothing!"

"When I'm with you, I can pretend like I'm my old self again, but I'm not, am I? It's just another indulgence, another way to distract myself from dealing with all this shit. I can't be everything you need right now. And it's not fair to you."

"What you're giving me is more than enough," I assure him. I take his face between both of my hands, forcing him to look at me. "You don't have to give me anything else." I need him to see that. Need him to see me.

"Some things are beyond help." He sighs. "It was selfish of me to let things get even this far. You deserve someone who can give you more than just a little piece of himself. Someone who doesn't just use you to keep his mind off of the things he's too much of a coward to face."

I feel sick to my stomach.

"No," I say. "No. I don't know what you're trying to say, but you're not a coward. And if you think you can scare me away by telling me that I'd be better off without you, then you don't know me very well."

"Then you're a fool," he says. "And I've been too selfish."

I shake my head, but I can't seem to form any words. I know where this is going, and I don't want to hear it. I can't bear to hear it.

"I need time, Lily," he says. "I need to figure some things out."

"Time," I repeat, completely numb. "How much?"

He doesn't answer, which is an answer in and of itself.

He's dumping me.

"I'm sorry," he says.

I can't breathe. I ca escapes my lips before I can stop it. wshn't speak. I can only nod, and even that feels like a betrayal of the emotions rushing through me.

"I'm sorry," he says again. He sounds completely defeated.

I want to argue, to insist that I can help him. I want to tell him that he doesn't have to deal with this alone. But there's a lump in my throat that won't let me, and I can only be grateful that I'm strong enough to hold back my tears until I reach my car.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Where did everything go wrong?

When Calder met me at the door, he grabbed me as if he couldn't bear to be away from me for a moment longer. Hell, we got so caught up in each other that we literally set the kitchen on fire. It was only a few days ago that he confessed he needed me. What's changed? Or has the guilt been there all along, just carefully hidden away?

I'm a mess at work the next day. I do my best to avoid both Morgan and my dad because I can't bear for either of them to see me like this. I spend the better part of the day out of my office, doing inventory in the supply room. That way, when I inevitably find my eyes welling up again, there's no one there to see.

I'm completely pathetic.

I grab a box of crayons from the nearest shelf and hurl it across the supply room. It hits something and the cardboard box splits open, spilling crayons everywhere.

"Fuck him!" I say, throwing another box, then another. "Fuck him, fuck him, fuck him!"

This time I don't pay attention to what I'm grabbing. It's not until my latest projectile hits the wall that I realize I've just hurled a pack of paints across the room. They explode, splattering the wall and floor and a stack of blank white canvases in the process.

I sink down to my knees, too overwhelmed to look at the damage.

I'm an idiot. After my last disaster of a relationship, I promised myself that I'd take things slowly in the future. I promised myself that I wouldn't let my emotions race ahead of my common sense. Calder," Calder says" aid=" certainly's been blowing hot and cold for a couple of weeks now. He's been keeping secrets, holding back on me. Those were all signs to step back, to keep my emotions in check, but of course I ignored them.

I can't blame him. I can only blame myself.

But acknowledging that doesn't make me feel any better. I bury my face in my hands, trying to fight back the sobs that rise in my throat.

It wasn't supposed to be like this. Calder and I-we were something different. My body reacts to him as it's never reacted to any man before. But what we had goes deeper than that intense physical connection. My time at his estate changed me. Calder challenged me. He made me feel wilder, stronger, and more alive than I've ever felt before. I don't want to go back to being "ordinary" me again.

I don't know how long I sit like that, but it's much longer than I mean to.

Dammit. When did I turn into such a blubbering mess?

I wipe my face on my sleeve and force myself to take a deep breath. I can't do this. If I let myself sit around and think about Calder, I'm never going to get anything done.

I drag myself over to the mess I've made and begin cleaning it up. I won't think about last night. I'm stronger than that.

It's easier said than done, of course.

Every time I close my eyes I see his face-his dark eyes and his strong jaw and his perfect lips. I see the dusting of stubble on his cheeks, the soft curls of hair around his ears. Sometimes he looks upon me with such emotion and desire I feel my heart swelling in my chest, but other times his expression is distant and closed off, and I feel a new stab of pain through my belly.

I'm being selfish, I know. I can never truly understand what he's going through. His entire life has turned upside-down this past year, and it will only change more in the coming months. He needs to figure out who he is without the money, and he needs to do it on his own.

But why did he let things get this far? Why did he take me out to a beautiful restaurant or kiss me as if he could never have enough of the taste of me? It was a cruel, heartless joke.

The tears have mostly dried by the time I've finished cleaning up the crayons and paint. The numbness has set in again, but at least I know I can get things done when the emotions are at bay. I stop by the bathroom to splash water on my face and freshen up a bit"Ask me."

* * *

The package arrives the next week. It takes two men to haul it into the Center.

I'm still playing damage control, trying to repair our image now that the disgruntled Gina Billings has called every donor she could find through our lists. My dad decided to refund her deposit-against my own advice-and the loss of funds has set us back some more. The work helps me keep my mind off of Calder, at least, but the unexpected delivery still comes as a welcome diversion.

"Did you order any art, Dad?" I ask, as I sign for the tall, rectangular crate.

He shakes his head. "I wonder what it could be."

We drag it into his office together. There's no return address on the box, but maybe there's some paperwork inside. We lower the mysterious package onto the ground and cut through the clear industrial tape holding everything together.

"It's definitely a canvas," I say, peeking in the end. "Are you sure you didn't order something and forget?"

He smiles. "I'm not that senile yet."

The canvas has been carefully packed, so we can't get a good look at it without unwrapping the many protective layers, but there's a note on top. It's handwritten, and I recognize the scrawl immediately. It feels like someone has kicked my legs out from under me.

It's yours. This time I won't take 'no' for an answer.

There's no signature. Even now, Calder respects my decision to keep "us" a secret from my dad. There's no point in starting a family argument over a relationship that's already over.

I feel sick as my dad and I unwrap the piece. I don't need to look. I know what's inside these layers of plastic and insulating foam.

Still, my stomach heaves when we remove the final layer and see the Ludlam painting lying there.

Dad lets out an audible gasp. "Is this...?"

He leans forward until his nose is practically touching the canvas.

"I think this is real," he says, his voice full of wonder. "Either that, or one of the best forgeries I've ever seen. But why is it here? Who sent it?"

I'm going to vomit. I've spent all week pushing away thoughts of Calder, trying to focus on my work and forget about the pain. But this gesture brings it all back. The fact that he sent this painting to me means one thing and one thing only: that Calder and I are absolutely, completely over.

"I-I need to go," I say. If I try to explain this to my dad, I'm only going to break down again.

"Is everything okay?" he asks.

"Fine!" I call over my shoulder. I need to get out of here. I can't stop. I can't think.

I'm halfway across the parking lot before I realize I don't have my purse or my keys, and I can't go back now. It's not worth the risk of running into my dad and having to explain why I'm freaking out.

I leave the parking lot and walk down the street, and after a block or so I sink down onto a bench and press my face into my hands.

I don't know what I expected. Maybe, deep in my heart, I hoped that he'd realize his mistake. That he'd show up at my door and grab me and kiss me and tell me he was wrong to push me away. But instead he's sent the Ludlam.

That jackass. That fucking jackass.

At least he didn't string you along forever, a tiny voice reminds me. He might have just continued to use you as a distraction. At least he was honest.

Yeah, only after taking me out on dates and calling me the "one perfect, beautiful thing" in his life. That wasn't leading me on at all.

I wanted to help him. I told him I'd be there for him, no matter what. And he pushed me away. physical intimacy.

Damn him.

And damn me for trying to be supportive. For thinking that my words or touch would make any difference.

I stand up again and begin pacing back and forth in front of the bench. Why did I let him get under my skin? I knew this would end badly. I knew, deep down, that he would hurt me, and I was right.

Screw him.

I was taken in by the mystery of him. By his dark eyes and burning passion and sweet whispered words. I let myself believe that this thing between us was more than just a fling.

Fuck him.

If he doesn't want me, if he doesn't need me, then fine. Let him deal with all of this on his own. I'm tired of worrying about him.

That resolution brings me some peace, at least. But maybe "peace" isn't the right word; it's just the numbness again.

I embrace the feeling, let it settle over my bones. I refuse to let this break me.

A couple of deep breaths later and I make myself return to the Center. My cheeks are dry. Maybe I've cried all the tears I have for Calder Cunningham.

Back in the hallway, Dad is still bent over the Ludlam.

"Is everything all right?" he says, looking up at me with concern.

I nod and force a smile. "I was just a little overwhelmed. By this." I wave at the painting.

Dad is already looking back down at the canvas, shaking his head in complete awe.

"Have you ever seen anything so beautiful?" he says. "I still can't believe it. Look, it even came with a certificate of authenticity. We should still have it checked out, but it looks legitimate." He leans back on his heels once more. "But I don't understand why it's here. Who sent it?"

Calder's note it still sitting on the floor where I dropped it. I cover it with my foot.

"Maybe it's an anonymous donation," I say.e of his tongue.

"They'd be better off donating this to a proper museum. Not that I'm complaining. Maybe they included the title in here somewhere."

While my dad looks for some physical proof of ownership, I reach down and grab Calder's note from the floor.

"I really should be getting back to work," I say. I don't know how much longer I can bear to look at the painting in front of me.

"Of course," my dad says, still distracted. "Do you mind doing a little research on who we might call to confirm authenticity? Maybe we can look at auction records and see if we can figure out who sent it."

"Maybe they wanted to stay anonymous for a reason."

Dad nods, but I can tell he's not really listening anymore.

I return to my office and do as he requested. I know the painting is real, but it can't hurt to have it appraised.

Calder shouldn't have sent it. If he was so eager to be rid of the piece, he might have sold it and used the money to help him through this transitional period in his life. Instead, he chose to give it to me.

My stomach twists. He knew how much I loved this painting, and even though we're no longer together, he wanted me to have it. I'm sure he only sent it out of guilt, the asshole.

But the gesture is still there. Why is he thinking of me when he should be thinking of himself?

The rumors have only been getting worse. In spite of my best efforts, I've found myself drifting to the gossip blogs again and again hunting for the latest "information" on Calder's situation. I've even ventured to the site where Garrett contributes, but I've found no news of any value. The accusations seem to change every day-pyramid scheme! Love child! Drug cartel!-but no one seems to offer any real proof.

Maybe I'm just a masochist because now, even now, I want to know the truth behind those shadows in Calder's eyes. I want to know the name of the weight he's been carrying. I'm probably being stupid and sentimental, but I want to understand him-truly, deeply understand him-even as another part of me wants to hunt him down and punch him in the face.

He might have sent the painting as some twisted parting gift, but that understanding will be my parting gift to him.

* * *

Asher Julian stops by on Friday.

I'm working at my desk when Dad pops in, the boyish reporter in tow. "Look who I have here!"

"Your father's just finished showing me the Benjamin Ludlam piece," Asher says. "It's remarkable. And from a mystery donor, I hear."

"Never a dull moment around here," Dad says with a smile.

"I'm sorry I didn't call ahead," Asher says. "But I was in the neighborhood and thought I'd stick my head in and see if you could spare a few minutes."

"Did you speak with your editor?"

He gives that charming dimpled grin. "It took some convincing, but I think I've worn her down to a nice compromise."

"Compromise?" Dad says. "What are you talking about?"

Asher smiles at my dad. "My editor wanted to capitalize on the whole Cunningham bonanza by playing up that angle of your story. But Lily says you guys don't have much information to contribute on that front."

"What sort of information do you need?" my dad says. "I still have that first letter he sent us stashed somewhere. You know, the one breaking the pledge contract."

"I'd love to see it," Asher says.

I stand up. "Dad, is that really a good idea? We want this article to come off as friendly, optimistic-not bitter and angry."

Asher cuts in before my dad can respond. "As I tried to tell your daughter, sir, I think the Frazer Center might earn more sympathy and attention if we tie your hardships to the Cunningham family. I only wish to explore the truth."

"That doesn't sound so bad, honey," Dad says. "There's no harm in voice reminds me. Oh, that Asher is a sneaky bastard. There's no way for me to argue without having to explain why I'm trying to protect Calder-because I find that I still want to protect him, even after everything.

Dad runs off to find the letter Calder's lawyers sent all those months ago-the one that started it all-while Asher walks toward my desk.

"I thought you said your editor approved another angle?" I say. "Why are you still pursuing the Cunningham matter?"

He shrugs. "If your father still has the letter, it's worth a look." He glances up at me, and his smile drops. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to upset you."

"I'm not upset," I say quickly. Gah, am I that obvious? "Just a little stressed today."

"You're always stressed when I talk to you," he says. "Maybe you should give yourself a little break."

"I'm fine. There's just always a lot to do around here."

He leans across my desk and flashes me a flirtatious smile. "Come on. It's Friday afternoon. What do you say to skipping out of here early and letting me take you to dinner?"

Dinner. Oh. Oh, no.

"I'm sorry," I say. "I can't-"

"Boyfriend?"

My cheeks go hot. But it's best to just tell the truth and get it over with. "Not currently. But I'm not really in a place where I'm comfortable dating right now."

"Recent breakup, huh?" He shoots me a sympathetic look.

"I'm sorry," I reply, hoping that settles the matter.

But he's studying me, and after a minute he says, "You still care for him. A lot." voice reminds me. I blink. "What?"

"I told you that I'm pretty good at reading people. And you, Lily Frazer, might as well be writing depressing love sonnets on a cliff somewhere."

"Excuse me?"

"Deny it if you want," he says, settling into the chair in front of my desk. "I think it's sweet. If a bit disappointing for me personally."

I'm not really comfortable discussing this with him. "I'm sorry, Mr. Julian. Do you have any other questions for me about the Center?"

He nods and pulls out his digital recorder. "Just a few."

By the time my dad returns with the letter, Asher and I have been chatting for a good ten minutes, and I'm just starting to feel comfortable again. In fact, he doesn't bring up Calder or the Cunningham family to either myself or my dad for the entire rest of the interview.

Still, I can't shake the feeling that Asher Julian knows a lot more than he's letting on. About me. About the Center. About Calder-especially Calder. If he and I were alone, I might even risk asking him about all the Cunningham rumors floating around. He's pretty astute, and I have no doubt that he's good at separating the truth from the fiction in his line of work.

But I don't. It's too dangerous. The minute I press too hard is the minute I give everything away. So I smile and nod and answer questions with as much grace and intelligence as I can muster under the circumstances. Asher departs with a smile on his face, promising us that the story will appear in next week's issue of Intown Voice.

Dad struts around beaming for an hour after Asher leaves.

"This is just what we need," he says. "Some good local press will definitely spark things around here. Isn't it exciting?"

I want to agree. I want to think that this article will be our saving grace, the one bright spot in an otherwise hellish week.

But maybe it

's precisely because this has been a hellish week that I can't bring myself to believe it.

CHAPTER NINE

There are two options when the world feels like it's exploding around you: throw a pity party and cry yourself to sleep, or call up your girlfriends and booze the night away. I choose the latter option. I call up Morgan and practically beg her to go out for drinks. Fortunately, her fiance Mark is working late tonight, so she's more than willing to help me drown my frustrations in some whiskey. I give her only one condition: that we talk about neither work nor men all night.

I end up getting sloshed, of course.

I leave my car at the bar and take a cab home, and even then it's a miracle I make it up the two flights of stairs to my apartment. I fumble with my keys at the door, dropping them twice before I manage to get the damned thing unlocked.

Trying to get undressed is an adventure in and of itself. I finally collapse half-clothed on the bed, and it's only because I land awkwardly on my purse that I remember I promised Morgan I'd call her as soon as I was safely indoors.

It takes some searching to find my cell phone in my bag. I'm briefly distracted by a tube of orange-y lipstick I thought I lost months ago, and I swear, the number of receipts I've shoved down into my purse has multiplied overnight. But my fingers do, eventually, land on the phone, and I yank it out, all too eager to go to bed and sleep off the topsy-turvy feeling in my skull.

But when I go to pull up Morgan's number, I find my thumb hovering over Calder's name instead.

Don't call him, says the logical, sensible part of my brain. You need to move on with your life.

But he still wants you, whispers the dark, drunk, emotional part. You know he does. He needs you.

He's an asshole, the first voice reminds me. You're better off without him. You're better off forgetting him completely.

I throw down my phone and wobble over to my laptop. The web browser is still open to the last gossip blog I was reading. I need to stop torturing myself with these tabloid sites. They're trash, and they only end up pissing me off.

I'm about to click away from the screen when I notice a headline I hadn't seen before: "What will happen to the Cunningham estate?"

Don't click on it, the sensible part of my mind begs. But the drunk part is the one in charge now.

The following article suggests that Edward Carolson, the new owner of the estate, is hoping to open the grounds and house to the public.

"This property is too beautiful to keep hidden away," Carolson is quoted as saying. He goes on to talk about his plans: opening the stables, building a couple of crafts cottages to "give people the experience of life on the estate before the turn of the century," even refinishing an entire wing of rooms so people can stay on the property.

Oh my God, I realize. He wants to make it a freaking tourist attraction.

But this is a gossip site. Maybe they made all of this up. I hadn't even realized the sale of the estate was official yet.

An internet search quickly proves me wrong. The news broke only this morning, when Carolson officially filed a petition to rezone the property.

I'm going to be sick.

It's one thing for an arts center to rent out its gallery-our entire mission involves bringing people together around the arts-but it's an entirely different thing to turn someone's family home into a friggin' theme park. Calder was so proud of his home-and of the name it represented. The Cunninghams have guarded the estate's secrets across generations. No doubt people will come flocking the moment it's open to the public. The recent rumors will only fuel ticket sales, I'm sure. It's the ultimate humiliation.

And he's dealing with it all alone. longer than necessaryto10

My phone is in my hand, but I don't remember how it got there. I stumble back to my bed and collapse on the sheets.

Just a text, I tell myself. Just to make sure he's okay.

It's late. I should probably wait until tomorrow. I must have had more whiskey than I thought because I can't tell if the clock on my phone reads 11:20 or 1:20. Or is that 12:00?

Fuck it. I don't care.

I'm not sure what to say. I have enough trouble comforting him when I'm sober, and right now my brain feels like a bowl of oatmeal. But I can't stop the images that keep flashing through my mind: visions of him in some dark and desperate place, angry and alone and defeated. I'll do anything to draw him back.

In the end, I turn to the only tool I have. The one thing that my intoxicated mind believes might save him from himself.

We never finished our game, I text. Does that mean you forfeit?

It's not until after I send it off that I realize I typed "fonoshrd" instead of "finished" and "frfeeit" instead of "forfeit," but I'm sure he'll figure it out.

I close my eyes and lean my head back on my pillow as I wait for his response. I'm still seething over this news about the estate, and I wish there was something real, something substantial I could do. Maybe I could stage a protest. At the very least, I could contact the county and...

My phone beeps. I roll over and open Calder's text.

What? Are you all right?

Yess, I text back. Are yu going to playor nott? The words don't look right, even to me, but I'm too foggy-headed to bother to fix them.

I've only just sent the message on when my phone rings.

"Lily? What's going on?"

"Nothing," I insist. "You're not playing the game right."

There's a brief pause. "Are you drunk?"

"I had... some drinks."

"How many?"

Why won't he just shut up and play? I'm trying to help him! "That, Mr. Cunningham, is none of your business. Are we playing or not?"

"You're slurring, Lily. I really don't think you-"

"Ugh, don't patronize me. If you don't want to play, then just-" Something shifts in my stomach, surges upward...

Oh no.

I throw down the phone and bolt for the bathroom. I only just make it through the door before I'm sick. Everywhere.

Needless to say, it's not a pretty night. I don't know how long I kneel there praying to the Porcelain Goddess, but every time I think I'm done, my stomach heaves again. You think I would have gotten the whole drink-until-you-puke thing out of my system back in college, but apparently not. In one of my more lucid moments I yank a towel down from the rack and try to clean myself-and the bathroom-as best I can, but as soon as I've wiped the worst of it down, my stomach roils again and I have to dive once more for the toilet. By the time I've finally emptied my stomach, I'm exhausted and trembling. I curl up next to the toilet in the fetal position.

Somebody kill me now.

I'm deep in a groggy haze when I hear the steps behind me, feel the cool hands on my skin. I'm being pulled to a sitting position and my hair is pushed back from my face. And then I'm staring up into Calder's dark, gorgeous eyes.

Wait. Calder?

"What are you doing here?" I say-or try to say.

"We were talking on the phone, and then you were gone." He frowns. "I tried calling you again, but you wouldn't answer. I got worried."

What's that look in his eyes? Pity? Disappointment? Disgust? Ugh, I probably look and smell completely horrible right now.

"So you just showed up?" I try to pull out of his arms. "How'd you even get in, you creeper?" It's supposed to be a joke, but my voice sounds harsh, even to me.

Why won't he stop looking at me like that?

"You left your keys in the door," he says. His own voice is cold, even.

I don't blame him for his tone. I'm a mess right now.

"I'm-I'm okay," I tell him, trying once more to escape his arms. I grab the towel rack and pull myself awkwardly to my feet.

Calder rises too. He reaches around me, into the shower, and cranks on the water.

"In," he says.

I want to argue, just for the sake of my pride, but honestly, what dignity do I have left at this point? I'm drunk and covered in vomit. I reach for my shirt, but then I remember that was one of the few things I managed to pull off before tumbling into bed. The sudden realization that I'm half naked only makes my situation that much worse. I can't even bring myself to look at him as I reach around to unclasp my bra. The motion knocks me off balance, but Calder's hand shoots out to steady me.

He doesn't say anything. But after I struggle for another moment he reaches behind me and unhooks my bra. Slides the straps off my shoulders. Drops the bra on the ground. His hands move to my skirt next. He undoes the zipper, slips the skirt down my legs. My panties, too. His hands are steady, his touch almost clinical. He skims right past the places he used to linger. He hardly seems to notice I'm naked at all.

When my clothes are nothing more than a puddle around my ankles, he leans over, pushes the shower curtain aside, and runs his hand through the water to test the temperature. Then he helps me inside.

The water is cold. It's a shock to my liquor-warmed body, and I gasp. But it's a good feeling, this coolness running down my skin. For a moment, a brief moment, I start to feel better. a coherent response. somethingpa

And then I notice Calder is taking off his shirt.

"What are you doing?" I say.

"You can hardly stand. And I'm not getting my clothes wet." He drops his shirt. I expect him to lean over then, support me and my poor wobbly legs. But he reaches for his pants next, pulls those off too. And then he's stepping into the shower beside me.

"What are you doing?" I ask again.

He doesn't reply. Instead he reaches down and grabs my soap. One hand holds me by the waist, steadying me, while the other brings the soap up to my shoulder. He moves it gently across my skin. Over my collarbone, down my arm. My chest next. The suds slide down across my nipples, but his fingers avoid the sensitive pink nubs. He moves the soap across my stomach next, then lower. Something clenches inside of me as he moves toward the crest between my legs, but once again he refrains from any overtly sexual touch.

Suddenly he's crouching, and I have to reach out and steady myself on his shoulders. He slides the soap down one leg, then the other.

"Turn around," he says.

I obey. This time I have to lean my hands against the wall for support. The tile is cold beneath my fingers.

Calder cleans the back of my legs before rising again. He's a wall of heat at my back, a stark contrast to the cool water pouring down over our heads. The soap glides over my lower back, up my spine. Across my shoulder blades. He's not touching me at all anymore. He keeps the soap between us.

I want to say something. To apologize for being such a mess. To beg him to forgive me. But my tongue is thick in my mouth. I'm not sure he even wants to hear it. He hasn't even looked me in the eye since he threw me in here. Not that I blame him. He has every right to be pissed at me. I never meant for him to see me like this.

The soap moves up my neck and down again. And then it's gone. I hear him set it back on the ceramic dish.

He still doesn't touch me.

I lean forward and press my forehead against the tile. The water helped clear my mind at first, but now everything's clouding over again. I'm dizzy, and my stomach hasn't quite settled yet.

And Calder just stands there, still and silent behind me.

"Are you mad?" I hear myself saying. It's hardly audible above the water.

He doesn't say anything. He doesn't move. He probably didn't hear me.

And then suddenly his arms are around my waist, his chest against my back, his mouth in my hair.

"No," he murmurs. "No, of course not."

He releases me suddenly, then leans over and grabs some shampoo.

Right. There's probably still vomit in my hair.

He takes his time washing my hair. It's still not sexual, but his touch is soothing. His fingers move in slow circles against my scalp. I want him to say something else, but he doesn't. He just washes my hair, and when he's done he reaches around me and turns off the water.

I'm shivering. Calder leans out of the shower and grabs the one clean towel still hanging on the rack. He wraps it around me and rubs me dry.

"I drank a little too much." I don't know why I say it. It's already obvious. But I don't like the silence.

"I wasn't-wasn't paying attention," I continue. "I wasn't trying to get dr-to get drunk. I've just had a crappy week."

But he knows that already. He doesn't say anything.

This wasn't why I contacted him. I had an awful week, but he's had an awful year. How did I manage to twist this around, to make it about me? I wanted to make things better for him. I look up at him, and for the first time Calder is looking back at me, and in the light of his beautiful eyes my problems seem so, so stupid.

I really am pathetic.

"What about you?" I say. "Are you okay?"

Something flickers behind his eyes. Pain? Despair? I'm still drunk, but I know I'm not imag the site where Garrett contributes6Npaining it.

"I'm fine," he says.

He's not. I know he's not. But he's kissing me on the forehead, leading me out of the shower, toward the door.

"Wait." I plant my feet next to the sink. My skin might be clean, but I need to get the sour taste out of my mouth. I brush my teeth, leaning against the counter for support, while Calder takes the chance to dry himself off. Afterward he rifles through my medicine cabinet and forces me to swallow a couple of aspirin.

After that he leads me to the bed. This is the first time he's ever seen my bedroom, and I inwardly cringe at the way this scene has played out. It wasn't supposed to be this way. We should have stumbled in here after our first date, laughing and tearing our clothes off. We should have tumbled onto the bed and lost ourselves in each other.

Instead, Calder carefully peels back my sheets and helps me slide beneath the covers.

"You're staying, aren't you?" I ask as he tucks the comforter around me. "You shouldn't be alone."

His hands pause. "I might say the same of you right now."

It's the first time tonight that I've heard even a hint of amusement in his voice. It gives me hope.

"Stay," I tell him. When he doesn't answer immediately, I add, "Are you going to make me beg?"

He lets out a small chuckle. "Maybe. I think I'd like that, hearing you beg me."

He reaches up and brushes my hair away from my face. There's a smile in his eyes now, but it doesn't completely eclipse whatever other dark emotions dwell just beneath his surface. Still, he doesn't make any more arguments. He pulls back the sheets and climbs in beside me.

I shift toward him. He turns off the lamp, plunging us into darkness, and then he lies back on the pillow with a sigh. I don't dare move closer, not when I can't gauge his true emotions. After a few minutes, though, he reaches out and wraps his arm around me, pulling me against him, my back flush against his warm chest. His body curls around mine, and his mouth is by my ear. I can feel his breath in my hair. His heartbeat thrums steadily against my spine.

"You shouldn't be alone," I repeat, even as my fatigue threatens to pull me under. I'm fading fast, now that I'm lying down. The shock of the shower has dulled completely, and I'm left with sheer exhaustion.

Calder finds my hand, threads his fingers through mine.

I'm asleep before I hear his reply.

* * *

I wake sometime in the night. The room is still pitch black, and it takes me a moment to recognize the source of the heat wrapped around me. When I do-when I remember that Calder is here and recall the circumstances of his arrival-the emotions hit me in waves: my initial pleasure at his nearness is followed quickly by shame and utter disgust with myself.

I'm an idiot.

I acted like some sort of bratty, immature teenager. And for what? There's no way this evening fixed anything between me and Calder. And it certainly didn't make things any easier for him. I'd be shocked if it didn't make things worse.

But maybe I'm sobering up a little because the reasonable part of my mind seems to be regaining some traction.

So you had a few too many drinks, it reminds me. So what? Yeah, so you drunk-texted your ex. You got sick all over the bathroom. You're not the first person to get sloshed and stupid, and you won't be the last. Tomorrow you'll get up, pop a couple more aspirin, and laugh it off.

Easier said than done, of course.

I roll over so that I'm face to face with Calder. The movement makes my head spin, but I ignore the throbbing in my temples. I want to look at him.

I've never just slept with him-literally slept, I mean. Once, back at his estate, we spent the night in his bed, but we didn't really do much sleeping. Somehow, this feels more intimate.

He's beautiful when he sleeps. There's just enough moonlight peeking in around the curtain for me to make out his features-his strong jaw, his square chin, his straight nose. He looks peaceful, but even in his slumber there's still tension around his mouth. I reach out and touch him gently at the corner where his lips meet, wishing I could just mase grinds against meHe stirs, making a small sound. Without waking, he draws me closer, holds me against his chest. It's too hot, and I can hardly breathe, but I don't care. I press my lips against his heated skin, turn my face so my ear is right over his heart. His dusting of chest hair tickles my cheek, but I reach my arm around him and hold myself there. My fingers trace his spine, and I allow myself to breathe him in.

After a time, he moves again. He's no longer asleep, I realize suddenly, but I have no idea when he woke. He reaches up and threads his fingers through my hair. I didn't brush it after the shower, so it's probably full of tangles, but he doesn't seem to care. He doesn't say anything. He just strokes my hair, again and again, until I fall back to sleep.

* * *

The next time I wake, it's dawn.

The gray light is leaking in through the window, and somewhere in the distance birds have started chirping.

I scrabble in the dark for my phone, and when I find it I hit a random button to bring it to life. The light from the screen sends a spear of pain through my head, but I manage to read the time. It's only 6:32 AM.

I snuggle back against Calder, and he mumbles something in his sleep. I smile. I could get used to this, waking up in his arms.

But I'm only teasing myself. This is an illusion. When he wakes up, when he remembers the events of yesterday, he'll walk right out of my door again. I don't blame him. He told me he needed time, and what did I do? I got drunk and texted him.

He's still breathing steadily, deep in sleep, but a certain part of his anatomy is already awake. His hard length presses against the curve of my ass, and heat pools between my legs. I want to press back against him, to shift slightly so that his cock slips down to where my thighs meet. It would be so easy, if he were awake, for him to take me. For him to grab me and bury himself inside of me. I need him. I need him, and he needs me, whether he wants to admit it or not.

I'm throbbing between my legs now, and I know that I'll go crazy if I don't do something. I try to wiggle out of his grip, move away from his warm, tempting body, but the movement wakes him. I hear his breath hitch as he snaps out of sleep.

For a moment we both lie there, perfectly still. I wait for him to remember why he's here, to remember what happened last night. The moment he does, he'll pull away and climb out of bed. There's no reason for him to stay.

But he doesn't move away. He keeps his arm around me, even closes the distance between us again. His hard length is pressed against me once more, and by the way his heartbeat quickens against my back, I know he's just as turned on as I am.

As long as we stay like this, locked together, we can pretend the rest of the world doesn't exist. We don't have to talk about last night or last week or anything that came before. We don't have to talk about anything at all. If we just remain like this, we can let our bodies pretend that everything is perfect between us.

But I don't want to just lie here. I want more.

I press back against his body, against his arousal. He sucks in a breath and his grip tightens on my waist. I take that as an encouraging sign. I might not be able to fix everything between us, but at the very least, I can make up for my idiocy last night.

I sit up, pulling out of his arms, and then I move down the bed. He tries to follow, but I reach out and push him back down. I pull the sheet away from his body, exposing him in all his glory. In the early morning light, he looks soft and vulnerable, but I know when I touch him I'll find hard muscle beneath my hand.

I let my fingers drift across his stomach, down the trail of dark hair leading toward my true goal. When I reach his arousal, I slide my fingers up and down the hard length. He gives a soft groan and makes no move to stop me.

Leaning forward, I part my lips. My tongue flicks across the tip of his cock. In all of our sexual encounters, I've never had the chance to taste him. Now I find myself eager to know him in this way too, if only this once.

I bend closer, sliding my tongue down his entire length and back up again. When I return to the tip, I spread my lips and take the end of him in my mouth.

Calder moans. I smile and get to work, taking him deeper in my mouth, sliding my tongue along the bottom of his shaft. My hand grips the base of him as my lips move. I love the taste of him. It's familiar-this clean, earthy flavor of his skin-only it's muskier and saltier down here.

He's moving now, shifting on the bed as I work him with my mouth. His hands fly up and tangle in my hair, holding me against him.

"Lily," he moans, lifting his hips.

I continue my attention to his cock as he digs his fingers into my scalp. His reaction excites me. I want to touch myself, but I refuse to divide my attention from the task at hand.

Calder's losing control. I can tell by the way his body writhes, by the way his hands twist and tighten in my hair, by the sounds he's trying-and failing-to strangle. But I want to make this last. I draw him slowly from my mouth, leaving the tip just within reach of my lips. He raises his hips, but I pull back.

"Impatient, aren't we, Mr. Cunningham?"

I slide my tongue across him, circling him once, twice.

He moans again. "You filthy little tease."

I spare a glance up at him. His eyes are closed, his head thrown back on the pillow. His jaw is clenched so tight than I'm surprised he hasn't cracked any teeth. The sight of him so close to the edge sends my desire into overdrive.

I lean down and give him another gentle flick with my tongue. It's the final straw for him. He shoots up, nearly knocking me off the bed, and stares down at me with wild eyes. His hands are still in my hair, my face still near his hard length. For a breathless moment I think he's going to force me down on him again, but instead he releases me.

"On your back," he growls. "Now."

I don't have the will to resist that tone, even if I wanted to. I crawl up the bed and roll back onto the pillows. He climbs up after me, looming over me, and I can't breathe anymore. I need to feel his weight on me, need to feel his naked, heated flesh against my own. My entire body aches for it.

I reach up and let my fingers skim across his collarbone. He catches me by the wrists before I can pull him down on me.

"Not yet," he says, his voice husky. He holds my wrists in one hand and reaches out with the other, down beside the bed. The shirt I discarded last night is still on the floor, and he grabs it and twists it up like a rope.

I like where this is going.

He yanks my wrists over my head and proceeds to tie them to the nearest bedpost. The hunger in his eyes is unmistakable.

"Are you going to punish me for waking you up?" I ask him playfully.

He doesn't respond. He's too busy focusing on the knots he's tying. I wriggle a little, playing along, and it's clear he knowse grinds against me"I didn't know you were into this sort of thing," I say.

Still he says nothing. But he sits back, finished with my wrists, and stares down at my naked body. His eyes are dark, heavy-lidded. He looks like he's about to devour me. His hand reaches out, touches me lightly on the stomach. I shiver beneath that caress. His fingers dance across my skin, tracing my belly, the swell of my hip, the curve of my thigh. His hand floats inward, nudges my thighs apart. I'm already wet-soaking.

He leans down, moving his face between my legs. His hot breath rushes over me, and goose bumps ripple across my skin. I shift my hips, echoing his own impatient movements from a minute ago, but his hands press down on my thighs and he holds me against the bed.

I nudge him with my knee. "Now who's the tease?"

He leans down again, closer this time, and a whimper escapes my lips before I can stop it. I want him to taste me, as I tasted him.

But he's withdrawing again, and this time he's looking down at me with amusement in his eyes.

"We agreed that we wouldn't have sex," he says, straightening.

I blink at him. What?

"I think we're past that," I say. "Besides, this isn't sex." Okay, maybe I was hoping it would lead to sex, but that's different.

"Oral sex? It has 'sex' in the name."

I blink. "Are you really going to argue about this right now?"

"You're the one who wanted to continue our little game," he replies. "Shouldn't the same rules apply?"

I don't believe this. I don't fucking believe this. "You tied me to the bed!"

"To keep you from trying anything else. I wasn't expecting a sneak attack while I was still half-asleep."

"You seemed to enjoy it well enough."

"I'm a man, after all," he says, leaning close and catching me beneath the chin. "And you, my dear, sweet Lily, are quite an enticing woman. And quite the handful, if I'm being honest."

His face is only a few inches away from mine.

"What are you going to do about it?" I breathe.

He smiles and straightens once more. "I'm going to get dressed."

"What?"

But he doesn't answer. He turns and walks back to the bathroom to retrieve the clothes he left there last night.

"What the hell, Calder!" I say, struggling against my bonds.

My annoyance doesn't seem to bother him. He returns a moment later, his pants already on and his shirt in his hand. He slips it over his shoulders as I watch.

"This is just a sick joke, isn't it?" I say. "Another one of your lessons?"

Calder is now fully clothed. He sits down on the bed, looking down at me with that smug smile of his. If I could move, I'd slap it right off, but I guess he was thinking ahead.

"Is this payback for last night?" I ask. "I didn't make you come over, you know. I would've been fine."

The question seems to knock a little of the wind out of his sails. His smile drops slightly and his eyebrows shift toward each other.

"You shouldn't have had so much to drink," he says finally.

"So you're going to lecture me now? I don't want to hear it."

He sighs. "Do you have any idea how worried I-"

"Oh, no," I say. "You're not pulling that over-protective crap on me. I drank too much and got a little sick. It's not like I've never done that before."

"I'm not being over-protective. I think I'm showing an appropriate amount of concern."

"For what? Me having a few too many? If I hadn't texted you last night, what's the worst that would've happened? I'd have woken up this morning with a bad headache and a desperate need for a shower. That's it. There's no need to be patronizing."

"I'm not being patronizing." His shoulders are rigid, and he won't look me in the eye. He stands up and moves away from the bed, jerking a hand through his hair.

"When you dropped that call, I-I feared the worst. I don't know why. I tried calling you, multiple times, and then I decided to drive over here. But I didn't see your car in the parking lot. I didn't know where you were, and my calls still weren't going through. I-I drove by the Center, just in case. And then I started driving from bar to bar, until finally I spotted your car at Bar Zero down the street. I had to talk to a dozen people before I found a waitress who remembered you. She told me you called a cab to pick you up, and so I came back here and actually walked up to your door this time. You know the rest."

And... now I feel like complete shit. He was worried about me. So worried that he went into a panic trying to find me.

"I didn't know," I say, my voice no more than a whisper.

Calder steps closer to the bed. "I'm not trying to manipulate you into an apology. It's not your fault I jumped to the wrong conclusions. I just-I just had these images of you lying in a ditch somewhere, or kidnapped by that jackass ex of yours."

"Garrett? He won't violate the restraining order. His career means too much to him."

He shakes his head. "That's exactly the attitude that scares me. You can't know what he'll do. Neither of us does. Did you expect him to show up at my estate looking for you? He broke onto my property, for God's sake."

"I broke onto your property, too."

"That's precisely my point. Garrett's just a piece of it. You don't-you don't ever just stop to think. You're brash. Impulsive. You act without thinking and then just trust that everything will work itself out. But life doesn't always work like that. Sometimes there are consequences. And sometimes other people have to deal with those consequences."

"So, what? You blame me for Garrett's actions? I suppose it's my fault that he attacked me in the first place?"

"No! No of course not," he says. "That's not what I meant. God, this is coming out all wrong."

He stands up again, and he looks so distressed that I'd feel sorry for him if I weren't so pissed.

"I didn't ask you to come here," I remind him again. "I didn't ask you to deal with any 'consequences' of my stupid, brash decision."

"I didn't mean it like that." He rubs his hand across his face. "I'm not saying this right."

At this point, I'm not sure I care what he's trying to say.

"Calder," I say to his back. "Untie me."

He turns slowly, as if he doesn't want to look at me. I can hardly blame him. If he thinks of me as some impulsive kid, why does he even bother?

I stare up at the ceiling as he approaches. I can't bear to look at his face. He stops next to the bed, and I wait for the pressure on my wrists to release, but it doesn't. Instead he's there, suddenly, cupping my face, pulling it to his, kissing me like a madman. He doesn't give me a chance to breathe, to react, to think. His mouth is desperate, pleading, like he wants to erase these past few minutes with his lips and his tongue.

"I was worried," he murmurs against my mouth. "I was so worried."

I'm worried, too. Worried about him. Worried that this thing, whatever it is, is falling apart around us, that he and I are struggling against something we can't see. the site where Garrett contributes6Npa

"Calder," I say, my voice breaking.

He kisses me again, deeper this time, as if he might taste my very soul. After a moment he pulls back, just enough so that I can look up into his eyes.

"I believe it's your turn," he says softly. "Which will it be? Truth or dare?"

Only a few minutes ago, I would have arched my naked body up against him and teased and tempted and dared him to resist me. But that doesn't feel right. Not in this moment.

"Truth."

He stares down at me for a minute, and I can only guess at the thoughts dancing in the shadows of his eyes. His hand sneaks up and caresses my face, his thumb brushing across my lips. He starts to reach for the shirt around my wrists, but I shake my head.

"Leave it."

He obeys, his eyes never leaving mine.

"Tell me about your week," he says.

I blink. "Are you insane? How the hell do you think it was?"

The look of shock on his face is only mildly satisfying. His thumb pauses in the groove beneath my lower lip.

"I know I'm at fault," he says softly.

"You think?" I shake my head. "What, do you get some sort of sick pleasure out of hearing me talk about how upset I was?"

"No. No, not at all," he says. His eyes burn into me. "I ask because I want to know exactly what I put you through. I want to feel pain for every moment of pain I've caused you. But most of all, I want to know how much I need to do to make it up to you."

"So that's it, then?" I say. "You think you can apologize and make all of it go away?"

He shakes his head. takes me a moment to returnpa"I'm not trying to make it go away. I know I hurt you, and I won't brush it off like it never happened."

He sounds sincere, but I don't know what to think.

"What is this?" I whisper. "What are we doing?"

He doesn't answer, and the rage boils up inside of me.

"What's going on, Calder? Do you want me in your life or not?"

"I want you," he says. "I've never stopped wanting you in my life."

The emotion in his voice is so raw that it makes my heart flutter. If I could move my arms, I'd reach out and touch his face.

Instead, Calder brushes his finger up and down my jaw.

"I've been worried about you," I say, my own voice cracking. "I don't know what to do, how to help..."

He shakes his head. "You don't have to do anything."

"But I keep reading all these things on the news and-"

His hand freezes on my cheek. He doesn't want to talk about this, I know, but I want to be honest. I'll be his distraction, any time he asks it, but he needs more than that, even if he isn't willing to admit it.

He's looking at me as if I've just torn out his heart. The guilt I saw there a moment ago disappears as his eyes cloud over. He jerks away from me.

"It's not true. None of it's true."

He stands and begins pacing next to the bed.

"They don't know anything. Any of them," he growls. "They just make up lies and more lies and eventually no one even cares if it's true or not. It's like poison. They've even gotten you."

"They didn't 'get' me," I assure him. take care ofit10 "I just wanted to make sure you're okay."

But my words don't pacify him. It's worse than I thought. He continues to pace the room, and his eyes are wild and dark.

"They won't listen," he says. "None of them are even interested in the truth. They all want interviews, but I know better than that. It doesn't matter what I say. They'll twist my words and it will just keep the cycle going."

Calder is scaring me, and I don't know what to say, what to do to pull him out of this.

"It feeds on itself," he says. "Over and over until it self-destructs."

"Calder," I say. "Calder, please, come back to bed."

He does. He turns and strides over, then leans down and kisses me again. It's more desperate than the last time, and though it sends a surge through my belly, it still terrifies me. He bites at my bottom lip before pulling away.

"Let's keep playing," he says. "Ask me."

I'm not sure what else to do, so I whisper, "Truth or dare?"

There's an intensity in his eyes that makes me shiver. "Dare."

His hand is already slinking down my bare belly, toward the place where my body still throbs.

"Don't go easy on me," he rasps.

My heartbeat quickens in my chest, fluttering up to my throat. His fingers are slipping between my legs, gliding across the wetness there. I don't know if he's teasing me again, or if he's merely changed his mind about sex in a burst of madness. Part of me knows that I should stop this, but then he's sliding his finger inside of me. I whimper. It's like my body's been waiting for him, and I don't have the strength to tell him no.

"Is this what you want?" he asks.

I can only nod. My eyes are closed, my head thrown back.

"Are you sure?" he says. "Or would you rather I licked you?" longer than necessaryto10

Just the mention of that word makes my body contract around his finger, and he chuckles.

"I guess we have our answer." He leans close, his warm breath dancing across my cheek. "Well? Are you going to dare me to do it?"

I force my eyes open. I'm still not sure this is a good idea.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I ask. "You're upset."

In response he slides a second finger in with the first. I gasp and writhe beneath him. My wrists strain against their bindings.

He moves-slowly, so he doesn't interrupt the movements of his fingers-until he's kneeling between my legs. And then he leans down until, once more, I can feel his breath upon me. This time he isn't just teasing me. Before I can even utter the words of the dare, his breath is replaced by the hot, wet pressure of his tongue.

I moan. Whatever arguments I might have had slip completely out of my mind.

Calder moves his tongue across my clit, then down to where his fingers still pump in and out of me, then back up to my sensitive nub. He licks and sucks and nibbles, and my hips rise to meet his mouth. The bedpost creaks as I strain against it, and I clench and unclench my fingers in time with his wet strokes. The pleasure is building fast, and I'm catapulting toward the edge. My entire body is quivering beneath the skilled dance of his tongue.

"Calder, please," I beg. "Please." I'm so close there are tears in my eyes.

He withdraws his fingers and clamps a hand down on either one of my thighs, forcing them farther apart. When he dips his head again, he slides his tongue down between my lips and drives it inside of me.

That's all it takes. I explode, crying out and pulling so hard against the shirt-rope that I hear the stitches rip. Calder never even pauses. He continues to attack me with his tongue, and I can only fall apart around him.

I'm too far gone to notice when he finally stops. After a moment, though, he crawls back up my body and lies down next to me. He leans over and kisses me, lets me taste myself on his lips.

"I didn't even have to dare you," I say, still breathless.

" Wentworth Cunningham returnpaI got a little carried away." He runs a hand across my throat. "I like you like this-completely at my mercy."

"Are you going to keep me prisoner here?"

"A tempting thought. Shut you away for a few days, keep you all to myself."

And forget about the rest of the world, I think, but I don't have to tell Calder that. I can see that thought in his eyes already.

But we can't hide away forever.

"I have to go back to work eventually," I say.

He nods. The lusty, sexual haze in his eyes has already started to dim. He sits up and begins tugging at the knots in the shirt around my wrists. It takes him several minutes to get them undone, and when he finally manages to pull the fabric away, he curses.

"Shit, Lily, I'm sorry."

I sit up to examine the damage. There are reddish rings around each of my wrists, and they'll be full-on bruises in a couple of hours.

"Shit," Calder says again, taking my hands in his and massaging them. "I didn't realize it was so tight."

I hadn't even noticed my fingers were numb. They tingle as the blood returns.

"I'm all right," I assure him. "It doesn't hurt."

He raises each of my wrists to his lips in turn, kissing the darkening red bands across my skin.

"What kind of man does it make me," he says, "if I like that I left these marks on you?"

His words send a thrill through me. I want him to leave a thousand marks on my skin.

His hands roam over my body as if he can't bear to let me go.

"I hope you don't have any plans today," he says as his hand sweeps across my breast.

"Why?"

He closes two fingers around my nipple. "Because I plan on making up for lost time."

CHAPTER TEN

This is a bad idea.

Calder's upset-a storm waiting to erupt-and I have yet to understand the extent of his pain. He's dangerous for me. He's too unstable, and I feel too strongly. Not to mention the fact that I'm still pretty pissed at him. My gut tells me that this will only end badly, but my heart doesn't care.

I don't know what secret burdens he still carries, or how those secrets might tear us apart. I know only that he no longer wishes to deny the cravings of our bodies, and that I am too weak to resist him, in spite of my reservations.

The time for talking is past, at least today.

"You still owe me a dare," he murmurs.

I smile. "Then I dare you to remove your clothes. And you're not allowed to put them on again until I say so."

He flashes me a devilish grin as he climbs off the bed and pulls off his shirt again, revealing his broad, muscled shoulders and chiseled chest once more. The pants go next, and by the time they hit the floor it's quite obvious that he's as excited for this as I am.

"As commanded," he says, moving toward me again. He leans over me on the bed, bringing his face close to mine.

"Your turn," he says. "Truth or dare?"

There's only one choice. "Dare."

He reaches across my body and grabs the shirt he used to bind my hands.

"I dare you to wear this for the rest of the day."

My heart flutters in my throat. I hold my wrists out to him, but he shakes his head.

"Not like that. Stand up."

I obey, letting him pull me out of the bed. When I'm standing, he steps around behind me and places the rolled-up shirt across my eyes. The fabric blocks what little light there is in the room, and now there's only the heat of him at my back, the feel of his fingers in my hair as he knots the blindfold behind my head.

When he's done, he moves his hands to my shoulders. His touch is like a flicker of fire across my skin. His breathing is fast, shallow, but his fingers are slow and deliberate as they trace invisible paths down my arms. It's the exact opposite of the way he touched me last night.

He moves around me, and suddenly his mouth is against my throat, wet and hungry as he kisses a blazing trail down to my collarbone. His hair tickles my chin as I roll my head back, basking in the sensations coursing through my flesh.

He drifts still lower, and I gasp as his mouth closes suddenly around my nipple. My hands fly to his hair as his tongue flicks across the nub, and he licks and sucks and draws it into a hard point.

I sense him drop to his knees in front of me, and his hands dance across the backs of my thighs as he kisses his way down my stomach. I suck in a breath when his nose brushes against the folds between my legs. His tongue slips across my clit at the same moment that he slides his finger into me from behind, and I let out a whimper.

He chuckles darkly. "Am I overwhelming you already?"

He doesn't even give me time to respond. He pushes his tongue between my legs, attacking me with the same skill I experienced just moments ago. I dig my nails into his shoulders as I fight to remain upright. My knees are trembling, and I feel light-headed.

"Calder..." I moan, but I'm already sinking. Or is he pulling me down? I can't tell. Suddenly I'm in his lap and his mouth is on mine. I throw my arms around his neck and lean into him, ravenous for his kiss.

His hands move to my hips, shifting me, guiding me onto him. He slips into me easily, as if our bodies were made to join perfectly together, and he groans as I sink down onto his hard length. Our chests are pressed against each other, and I can feel the hard beating of his heart against his ribs. He tightens his grip on my hips, yanking me down while he thrusts up, and now I'm the one moaning.

I bite down on my lip, trying to stifle the sound, but Calder growls in my ear. takes me a moment toCalder . I don

"Don't hold back anything. I want everyone within a mile of this place to know that I'm fucking you raw."

He drives into me again, and this time nothing can keep me from crying out.

It's been too long.

Calder rolls forward, shoving me down on my back. The cheap apartment carpet is rough against my skin, but I don't care. Nothing matters but the feeling of Calder inside of me.

He rocks against me like an animal. His mouth moves roughly across any bit of skin he can reach. I wrap my legs around his hips, allowing him to go deeper, and I tilt my head up and grasp desperately with my lips until I manage to catch his earlobe between my teeth.

This is how we've always done it best: this rough, unapologetic coming together. We've fucked to forget the rest of the world, fucked to lose ourselves in each other for some beautiful, fleeting moment in time. We've fucked to stop worrying. We've fucked to live.

Calder pauses, and a sob escapes my lips. If he stops now I'll go mad.

But no: he only wants to flip me over. I obey the silent orders of his hands, letting him guide me onto my elbows and knees.

He doesn't enter me again immediately. Instead he slides the tip of his cock up and down the length of my folds. He's teasing me, and I try to push back against him, but he grabs me and holds me firmly by the hips.

When I've stopped wriggling, he makes one final stroke along the length of my lips again, from my clit up to the opposite end.

"One day," he says, his voice rough and breathy, "I'll fuck you everywhere."

I shiver at the implication of his words, but he's already shifting back to more familiar territory. He doesn't even give me time to catch my breath before he thrusts into me again, tearing a strangled gasp from my throat. He doesn't seem to notice. My fingers dig into the carpet as he drives into me, again and again. He's hitting my very core, sending waves of sensation through me, and I can do nothing but submit to his body. His grip on my hips is brutal, but I don't care. I'm lost in the feeling of him, of his length filling me and his hands clutching me and our warm bodies moving together.

When I finally peak, the sensation is so overwhelming that I swear I almost black out. the site where Garrett contributesL" aid="Calder isn't far behind me, and he groans as he thrusts into me a final time. Afterward, we both collapse in a breathless heap on the floor.

"Wow," I say. I'm sticky with sweat, but Calder doesn't seem to mind. He wraps himself around me, drawing me up against his chest.

"I would ask if you enjoyed yourself, but I think I already know the answer," he says. "I think all of your neighbors know the answer, too."

I bat at him, but he dodges my blind swing easily. When I start to remove the blindfold, however, he catches my hand.

"All day, remember?" he says.

"There's more?"

"Oh, yes," he whispers into my ear. "I'm just getting started."

* * *

It's easy to ignore the rest of the world when you're drowning in sex.

All the teasing and denial of the past few weeks only made both of us hungrier for each other, and we spend the morning as Calder promised, making up for lost time.

By lunchtime we've worked up quite an appetite, and we decide to order in. It seems like a good idea after Calder's last attempt to cook-especially since in my current blindfolded state I can do little to help. I'm a little disappointed that I don't get to see his strategic maneuvering when it comes time to answer the door-if he's forcing me to keep the blindfold on all day, then I'm not about to let him out of his dare and allow him to put his clothes back on-but I forget my disappointment when I get a whiff of the food and my stomach rumbles. I'm starving.

"What are we having?" I ask.

He's seated me at his table-still naked, of course-and though I can hear him laying out the cartons in front of me, there are too many aromas for me to identify them all. Calder lists off the dishes one by one, and my mouth waters more with every word.

"Here," Calder says, and I hear him drag a chair up next to mine. "I'll help you eat."

"I'm blindfolded, not a child. I can eat on my own." Too bad he can't see me roll my eyes. the floorit10

He laughs. "Of course. Forgive me."

He passes me a fork, and he doesn't quite manage to stifle his chuckle when my fingers miss it the first time. My other hand scrabbles around the table until I find the nearest carton, and I raise it to my face and take a sniff.

"This is the lo mein," I say. I jab my fork into the container and swirl it around, trying to catch a nice-sized bite of noodles. When I feel the right amount of resistance on my fork, I raise it to my lips. It's probably not the most graceful of bites, but I believe I manage it quite well.

Not that Calder isn't still deeply entertained by the whole thing. I can feel his amusement radiating off of him. I sense his eyes on me as I go for a second bite.

"Aren't you hungry?" I ask. "Or do you prefer to just watch me eat?"

"I'm hungry," he says. But I can tell by his tone that he isn't talking about food.

When I've had my fill of the lo mein, I feel around until I find another carton. This one smells like it has some meat-pork, maybe?-and steamed vegetables. I poke around with my fork until I've caught something. I succeed in getting it halfway to my mouth before the sauce drips on my chest.

"Making a mess, are we?" says Calder.

I'm already raising my napkin, but his hand catches my wrist. I feel him lean toward me, and his warm breath hovers over my skin. A second later I feel his tongue on my breast, lapping up the offending drop.

"Much better," he says when he pulls away.

"I'm beginning to see your plan now."

"And you approve?"

I don't dignify his question with a response. Instead I scoop up another bit of food with my fork. I manage another five or six bites before something finally falls off of my fork and onto my lap.

"I've got takes me a moment toCalder . I donit," Calder says, and before I can stop him he's diving face-first at my crotch.

"Calder!" I say, but it comes out as a laugh. He has me by the waist, and he's kissing my thighs, my hips-any bit of skin he can reach. I try to squirm away, but that only encourages him. He's nipping at my lower abdomen, flicking his tongue at my belly-button. It tickles, and I squeal and tug at his hair. And then I'm falling out of my chair, Calder with me, and we both hit the cheap linoleum floor.

Calder freezes. "Are you all right?"

It only takes me a moment to catch my breath, and then I'm laughing again-practically hyperventilating. Calder joins in, and he's tickling, kissing, caressing every part of me as I swat playfully at him.

It makes my heart swell to see-well, hear-him like this, joyful and carefree and just happy. He's always been so serious-willing and eager to play a naughty game or two, yes, but always serious. I know that his worries hover just out of sight, that a careless word might bring them rushing back again, but I'm determined to chase them away, at least for this weekend. If I have to keep him here for the next two days, hide him away from everything else, then I'll do it.

Calder notices that I've stopped laughing. "What is it?"

"Nothing." My fingers flutter about until they find his face. "You know, I still need to eat."

"Do you want me to help you this time?"

"Maybe."

He leans closer. "You're going to have to ask me very nicely."

I let out a laugh and give him a shove.

"You'll be waiting a long time for that!" I say.

He lunges after me, catching me just as I've managed to find my chair again.

"Minx," he growls, but he guides me back up into the seat the floorit10, and when he joins me at the table he makes no argument to helping me with the rest of my dinner.

It's one of the strangest and most romantic things I've ever experienced, letting him feed me while I'm blindfolded. I thought it would make me feel silly, like a child, but instead it's incredibly sensual. Any time something drips, he's there with his lips, kissing it up.

At one point he pauses, and I feel him looking at me.

"What is it?" I say.

For a moment he doesn't say anything, and my gut seizes. I fear the worst-that something has reminded him of his father or all the tabloid madness-but then he leans forward and touches me lightly on the cheek.

"You're just so beautiful," he says.

"I have soy sauce all over me."

"No," he says, taking me by the chin and turning my face toward him, even though I can't see. "No, I'm not going to let you brush it off. Not this time."

I don't know what to say, so I don't say anything.

"Every time I look at you," Calder continues, "I-I just feel like I want to be better. I want to do better. For you."

"You're doing fine," I assure him.

"No, I'm a mess. My life is falling apart around me, and every day everything becomes more complicated."

I lean into his touch, place my hand over his on my cheek. He's frightening me.

"You don't have to deal with this alone," I tell him. "I'm here. I can help you."

"I'm not going to drag you into any of this."

"But I want you to. I want to be there for you."

"And what made some poor financial decisionsto10 about you? You're just as lost and afraid as I am, only you don't admit it to yourself."

I pull away from him. "What do you think I'm afraid of?"

"This. Us."

It sounds so much like an argument we had long ago, back on his estate. Right before I realized he'd lied about having any money. Right before Garrett arrived and I stormed off the property, praying I'd never see either of them again.

But things have changed.

"If I'm afraid of this," I counter, "then why am I here? Why did I get so upset when you told me you needed space?"

Before he can respond, I pull him toward me. I don't want to talk about the things that may or may not frighten us. I want him to forget about it all, forget about everything he fears is wrong with him or me or us. There's nothing wrong with the way his skin feels against mine, with the way he tastes on my tongue.

I kiss him, softly, and for a moment he's still. I'm afraid he's going to pull away. But then he slips his hands around my neck and draws me closer. He kisses me sweetly, gently, again and again like he'll never have enough of me. His hands move slowly down my body, and my skin prickles beneath his fingers. With every touch of his hands or lips I burn brighter.

"You're so warm," he comments.

I'm more than warm. I'm on fire. Heat races up and down my spine.

"I'll be right back," he says, releasing me. The sudden absence of his touch is physically jarring.

He doesn't go far. Only to the fridge. I hear the door to the freezer open, the shuffling of ice. What is he doing?

He sinks back into the chair next to me. "Tilt back your head."

I obey. He presses something against my neck, and I nearly leap out of the chair at the sudden shock of cold against my skin.

"Relax," he murmurs. "It's only an ice cube."

I shiver but make no protestIf I recall correctly,it10.

Calder moves the ice slowly down my chest. It burns in a completely different way than his hands. Beads of water dribble down across my breasts, and Calder leans down and catches one with his tongue. When he moves the ice across my nipple, I gasp.

The sensation is like nothing I've ever felt. It's heightened, I'm sure, by my lack of sight, and by the desire and emotion coursing through me. But I'm still no match for that little piece of ice. The next time he slides it across that delicate point, I nearly sob. I can't take it.

Calder moves forward and takes my nipple between his lips. It's so sensitive that even the softest graze of his teeth is painful. But it doesn't matter. I'm too overwhelmed by the feeling of his warm mouth around my cold flesh. It sends a fresh wave of goose bumps across my skin.

How could he think I'd ever be afraid of this? Of us?

"Calder," I whisper, "take me to bed."

He doesn't need to be told twice. He throws down the ice before standing and scooping me up in his arms. This time we actually make it to the bed. He lays me down gently and then lowers himself beside me.

This time he's slow, patient, practiced. He starts by licking up the last wet trails left by the ice cube before making his way back to my lips. His mouth moves against mine with a slow intensity that makes me feel like I'm drowning. I want him to drown in me, too. I want to chase away all of his fears.

I wrap my arms around him, holding him against me, and I arch my back until there's no possible way for us to be closer without joining. I want him to take strength in that connection, in the comforts of physical intimacy.

"Lily," he rasps between his kisses. "Lily, Lily, Lily..."

He says it over and over again, like a mantra. His hands are roaming, dancing, and I twine my legs around his. He buries his face in my hair.

"God, you're perfect," he says. His voice breaks on the last word like he can't bear the weight of it.

I pull in a shaky breath. It terrifies me, the anguish in his voice. Like this is some breaking point.

I don't want him to break. I want to save him.

I arch my back again, and this time he reacts, pressing his body back down against mine. When he finally slides into me, I feel his shoulders relax beneath my hands. This is where he belongs.

His face is still in my hair, and he moves slowly. I imagine he's savoring, as I am, the way our bodies move so easily together. I want to see his face. I want to look into his eyes as he makes love to me. But I'm afraid that reaching for the blindfold will break the spell. Maybe the reason I feel so vulnerable and emotional right now all goes back to this bit of fabric across my eyes.

Instead I tighten my grip on his back, ensuring we're pressed as fully against each other as we could possibly be. I whisper his name into the darkness, and he responds by capturing my mouth again, tugging my lips between his teeth as if he could pull the very breath from me.

And then I'm crying. I'm not sure why. But I'm suddenly grateful for the blindfold. I don't want him to see this, to think that anything is wrong.

He realizes eventually, of course. Maybe he senses it, or maybe he tastes the salt on my cheeks. He murmurs soft things, sweet things, but that only makes it worse.

"Please," he says. "Please, just a little longer. I need you."

He thinks I want him to stop. He doesn't realize that I'm not upset, that I'm just overwhelmed by it all.

"I need you, too," I whisper. "Don't let me go."

We take our time, building toward our pleasure. When it finally comes, when we cry out and cling to each other, I feel lighter somehow. Afterward we lie next to each other, not touching, until he rolls over and slides the fabric off of my eyes. I blink in the dim light of the room, and when my vision refocuses, I find Calder leaning over me, his gaze dark with some emotion I can't name. My heart leaps into my throat.

The tears have stopped, but a couple still linger on my cheeks. Calder brushes one away with his thumb and then leans forward to kiss each of my eyelids. When he lies back down, he pulls me into his arms. I rest my head on his chest and focus on the rise and fall of his breath.

I would do anything for this man, I think. Anything to make him happy.

My stomach twists at the made some poor financial decisionsto10realization.

Anything? I ask myself. Even if it means jeopardizing the Center?

But I've already made that choice, haven't I? I might have told Asher Julian everything I knew about Calder and his family and probably gotten a whole lot more attention for the Center. But I didn't.

An article is just an article, and the Center will survive without it, but I know that someday soon I'll have to confess the truth about my relationship with Calder to my dad. Once, I was merely hoping to protect my privacy, to give this thing with Calder a chance to find its feet before I started blabbing about it. But this whole business with Asher and the article has changed things. It's no longer just a secret; I lied. And I have no doubt that under these circumstances, Dad will see it as nothing less than a betrayal. From his point of view, I've chosen a man over the well-being of the Center. And not just any man-the one my dad still holds responsible for everything.

I run my fingers through the dusting of hair on Calder's chest. There's no point in worrying about it now. I've already made my decision, and it won't be long before I have to face the consequences of that choice, but I can do nothing about it today.

I shake the last thoughts of my dad and the article and the Center from my head and snuggle up next to Calder, determined to find an escape, for now, in the circle of his arms.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

We spend the rest of the day and much of the night making love.

The following morning, he tells me he'd like to go back to his apartment to grab a few things. When he rushed over on Friday night, he hadn't anticipated staying all weekend.

"Come with me," he says. "We'll grab some food."

The food is only a pretense, I know. I can see it in his eyes. He's afraid, like me, that the minute we step back into the real world, everything will come crashing down around us. The minute we part, we'll start thinking about all of the things that might push us apart again.n empty, superficial y">I shake my head.

I agree to go with him, of course. I'm not ready for the spell to be broken just yet.

I sense that something's off the minute we reach Calder's building. Calder does too, judging by the way he glances around the parking lot. He grabs my hand as we step out of the car, but the gesture feels more protective than affectionate.

We're halfway to the building when I see the man with the camera. He was waiting behind a car, but he rushes forward as we pass.

"Mr. Cunningham!" he says, snapping pictures even as he runs after us.

There are others, too. They come at us from all angles.

"Calder! Just a few questions!"

"Can you comment on the allegations against your father?"

"How much did you know about your family's activities?"

Calder's hand tightens on mine. They're blocking the way to the stairs, closing us in with every step.

Someone shoves a digital recorder beneath my face.

"Who are you? How did you meet Calder?"

Suddenly they're all clamoring at me.

"Are you two dating?"

"What do you think of his father's behavior?"

"Did he hide his family's situation from you?"

Calder tugs me back against him.

"Leave her out of this," he says. "Leave us the hell alone."

His words don't faze them.

Calder still has my hand, and he turns an amazing time tonight somethingpa and pulls me back across the parking lot. We break into a run, but by the time we reach his car, many of the photographers and reporters have made it to their own vehicles.

"They're going to try and follow us," Calder mutters.

He's right. Even as he jets out of the space, they're in pursuit.

"Forgive me," he says, right before he slams the car into gear.

We squeal out of the lot. Calder drives like a maniac, racing down the streets and taking corners so quickly I fall against him more than once. I turn and watch out of the back window, keeping my eye on the cars that weave through the traffic after us. A few of the vehicles actually manage to keep pace for some distance, but Calder loses them one by one. Still, we're halfway out of the city before the last one gets caught at a red light and we make our grand escape.

"That's it," I tell him. "We've lost them all."

He doesn't say anything. He's gripping the steering wheel so hard that the veins are popping out on the backs of his hands.

I look out the window at the buildings rushing past. We're heading in the opposite direction of my apartment.

"Where are we going?" I ask.

"Away."

There's a wild look in his eyes again, and though I want to comfort him, I suspect that anything I say will fall on deaf ears.

They've found his apartment. They've seen his car. There will be no privacy for him around here anymore, not until all of this has blown over. And who knows how long that will take?

We reach the city limits, but Calder keeps going. I don't say anything. Wherever he wants to go, I'll stay by his side. Dad needs me at work tomorrow, but I'll worry about that later. Right now, I don't want to look back.

It's strange, the freedom I feel when I allow myself to let everything else go. I glance over at him, at his tense shoulders and his hardened jaw, and I wonder what he would say if I asked him to drive me to the ends of the earth. making up for lost time.to10

We ride in silence for some time. We're heading north, up the highway. The suburbs around us thin and eventually disappear, making way for fields and brush and the occasional gas station, fast food joint, or kitschy shop promising "homemade" jam and fresh pecans. I've driven out this way before.

"We're going to the estate," I say.

He doesn't respond. He doesn't have to.

I'm not sure it's a good idea, returning there now. I start to say something, but then I see the hard determination in his eyes. No argument of mine will stop him.

We go several more miles before he finally speaks.

"Let's keep playing," he says. "It's your turn to ask me."

I frown. "Are you sure?"

His back is still rigid, his knuckles still white. He gives a single stiff nod. "Ask me."

The only way to fully escape is to continue our game, pretend we were never interrupted.

"All right, then," I say. "Truth or dare?"

"Dare."

I lean my head against the window as I consider my challenge to him. Outside, the trees rush past in a blur of brown and red and yellow. It clears my mind a little, watching the colors speed by until they run together.

Occasionally, a billboard breaks up the stream of autumnal hues. One advertises a place called Delilah's Kountry Kitchen and promises the "Best Cherry Pie in the State!" as well as "Hundreds of Kountry Krafts." Silly, but we could use a little silly right now.

I sit up and look over at Calder. "I dare you to pull off at the next exit and buy yourself the most outrageous souvenir you can find."

He wrinkles his brow, confused. He was expecting something sexual. But after a minute he nods, and I see a flash of humor in his eyes. It gives me hope.

I spot Delilah's Kountry Kitchen even before we pull off the highway. It's huge building shaped like a , whether he wants to admit it or not.it10giant barn with "Delilah's" painted in block letters on the side of the wide, sloped roof. Wooden, hand-drawn signs line the exit ramp, each one advertising one of Delilah's tasty treats.

Cola Cake!

Peanut Brittle!

Peach Relish!

But Calder drives right past the brightly-painted barn.

"Where are you going?" I ask.

"You said 'outrageous, didn't you?" He gestures ahead, and then I see it: the small, windowless building tucked behind the Kountry Kitchen. This one also has its name painted on the side of its roof: ADULT MEGA-STORE.

There are signs littered around this store, too:

Videos! Toys! Lingerie!

Couples Welcome!

$4.99 Shrimp Buffet!

Oh, God. I was not anticipating this at all. I swear, if he tries to make me eat that shrimp buffet...

"Are you sure about this?" I ask him.

He glances at me. "You were the one who dared me. This was your idea."

"Not this." I say, waving at the shady-looking building in front of us. "I saw a billboard for Delilah's Kountry Kitchen and thought it looked fun."

He raises his eyebrow.

"I swear. I didn't even know this place was here," I say. "And I certainly don't want to go inside. I bet people have gotten hepatitis just from looking at it."

He smiles suddenly, and it's the first genuine smile I've seen since we left my apartment.

"Well in that case," he says, a devilish gleam in his eye, "we're definitely going in." the site where Garrett contributes wsh

"You're screwing with me."

"I'm only fulfilling the terms of the dare that you gave me. I'm not even twisting your words this time."

"So you admit you cheated before?"

"Stop changing the subject. We're going in." He opens his door and climbs out, but when he sees that I'm still in my seat, he leans down and sticks his head in again.

"You don't have to come," he says, "but I can't promise you'll like what I buy. Though if you stay out here you might meet a couple of nice truckers who could show you a better time."

Ugh, damn him.

I climb out of the car and follow him across the gravel lot toward the door. There's a red neon "XXX" sign in the window, and it flickers as we walk by.

This is where we get murdered, isn't it?

Calder holds the door open for me.

"Oh, no," I say. "You're going in first."

"Where's your sense of adventure?" he asks. But he proceeds to enter the shop ahead of me.

It's smaller even than it looked from the outside. So much for "Mega"-Store. We've entered into what appears to be the main merchandise room, but at the back of the store there are signs pointing to the "$4.99 Buffet" and "Nude Girls" somewhere beyond a purple velour curtain.

We're the only people in this section of the building-except for the man behind the cash register, who perks up at the sight of us. His hair is a little greasy, and I don't like the way he leers at me. Neither does Calder, apparently, because he slips his arm around my waist and ushers me toward the far side of the store.

"What will it be?" he asks me quietly. "A vibrator? Nipple clamps? Edible body paint?"

"It's your choice," I remind him. "I'm just here to observe."

He chuckles. He seems almost back to his old self again. The distraction has worked, at least for now. I don't want to think about will happen when distraction is no longer an option. For the moment, it's enough to see his eyes flash in amusement at my obvious embarrassment, to hear his low laugh as we explore the shop's merchandise together.

He leads me past the display of sexy games and stops me in front of a wall of toys. I have no idea what half of these things are supposed to do. He pulls me closer so that his mouth is just above my ear.

"What do you say? Want to do a little experimenting?"

"I don't even know what we're looking at," I confess. "But a lot of it looks painful."

"What's this? You're intimidated by something sexual? You've never shied away from anything I've suggested before."

"I'm not even sure what you're suggesting this time. But I know better than to agree to anything before knowing all the details."

"You trust me so little?"

I laugh in response.

"Anyway," he says. "I believe it's your turn. Truth or dare?"

"You haven't finished yours yet."

"Maybe we can let them overlap this time, considering this is a special occasion. We should get you something to commemorate your first visit to a skeevy road-side adult store."

"Wait a minute-you've been in one of these before?"

"What about this?" He holds up his find. It's a thong made out of sugar candy.

I jab him in the side. "We're here for you, not me. Just make your decision. That guy at the counter is giving me the creeps."

He grins and leads me down the aisle. "You never said I couldn't purchase something for you to we the site where Garrett contributes wshar. It would still be for me, after all."

He stops me in the lingerie section. I've never seen so much pleather in my life. There are plenty of sequins, too, as well as your typical selection of chains and studs and lace.

But the one Calder grabs from the bunch takes the cake. I don't even know if it's fair to call it "lingerie" because it's basically a just collection of bright red strings with heart-shaped sequined appliques where the nipples and crotch should go. The whole thing is sealed up in plastic packaging that includes images of how to get into the complicated get-up.

Calder looks from the lingerie to me and then back again. "This is definitely pretty outrageous."

"There's no way in hell I'm wearing that."

"Are you willing to play for it?"

"Play?"

He turns around and goes back to the display of adult games. When he returns, he's holding something called "Hang the Cock on the Hunk." It looks like a version of Pin the Tail on the Donkey, only... well, you know.

"What do you say?" he asks. His gaze is dark, wicked.

"Why would I agree to that?" I say. "If I refuse to play then I don't have to risk anything."

"But if you play and win, you can demand something of me."

It's exactly the sort of offer on which our relationship has been built since the very beginning. How am I going to pass that up?

"Fine," I say. I might as well go for it. "If I win, then you have to wear that thing."

His eyes widen briefly in surprise. But once the initial shock of my suggestion has worn off, he grins devilishly. He thrives on this back-and-forth.

"Very well Wentworth Cunninghamev" aid="," he says. "It's a deal."

He strides over to the counter to pay for our finds. The cashier doesn't bat an eye. Even if he heard us discussing our game, I doubt we're the strangest people he's seen come through here.

"Do you have a bathroom?" Calder asks.

The man jerks his thumb in the direction of a wooden door over in the corner. The sign on the door says "NO SEX" in all caps, but the cashier has no problem when Calder grabs my hand and pulls me inside.

And if the condition of the bathroom is any indication, we're not the first ones to ignore the sign.

"Don't touch the walls," I say, shying away from the grungy tile.

"Where else are we going to hang this?"

He rips open the package for our newly-purchased game and pulls out a large, glossy poster of a very tan, very ripped, very naked man. The model is missing his important parts, of course, but it's still a lot to take in.

"Maybe I should have searched for the lady version," Calder says.

"I think this is the lady version."

He gives me a nudge with his elbow and then gets to work peeling the tabs off of the adhesive strips on the back. When he's done, he sticks it up on the nearest wall. Meanwhile, I pull the paper "cocks" out of the bag.

"Impressive," I say.

Calder looks down at them and shakes his head. "Definitely should have looked for the other version."

"What are we going to use as a blindfold?"

He considers this for a moment, then looks very pointedly down at my shirt.

I cross my arms. "I'm not stripping down in this disgusting bathroom."s much as I hate to admit it"It's just your shirt. And you're going to have to strip when you lose anyway. I'll want to see you in that lingerie immediately."

"Who says I'm going to lose? You're awfully cocky about your cock-pinning skills." But there's no turning back at this point. I shove the paper penises into his hand and then slip my shirt over my head.

"You first," he says. To his credit, he only gives a single appreciative look at my lacy bra before getting down to business. He takes my shirt and proceeds to tie it snugly around my eyes.

"At my mercy once again," he murmurs, leaning against me from behind. "Maybe we should forget the game and pick up where we left off earlier." His hand drifts across my stomach, down over my jeans and between my legs.

"Here? It's filthy!"

"All the more reason to do filthy, filthy things."

I know he's just teasing me, but his husky voice and eager hands are already eliciting a strong response from my body.

"Want me to take you here?" he breathes. "Right here on this dirty, disgusting floor?"

My blood is rushing in my ears. His hands are rough on my waist and hips, and I feel the desperation in his body. He wants to go wild, wants to abandon himself to lust and fantasy. I've distracted him, just as I intended, but for the first time I truly understand the frailty of this plan. The shadows inside of him haven't gone anywhere. They're building, waiting for him to crack. He's a ticking time bomb.

"Calder..."

"Yes?" He slips his hand between my legs. "You want this, don't you?"

In spite of my better sense, I do. I'm just as weak as him. Weaker, even, because I know this is all an illusion. But I need this, too. I need to go on pretending that there's nothing wrong.

Calder is kissing my neck. I quiver when his tongue flicks against the place where my neck meets my takes me a moment toev" aid=" shoulder.

"It's so easy," he murmurs. "It doesn't matter where we are or what we're doing... one word, one touch, and you're mine for the taking."

He's right. Such is his power over me.

"Do you want me to fuck you here?" he says. "Tell me."

My voice is hardly more than a whisper. "Yes."

"Say it."

"I want you to fuck me. Here in this bathroom."

He bites down on my neck. I whimper, and he gives a throaty chuckle before releasing me.

"But we should finish the game first," he says brightly. "I wouldn't want to waste our new purchase."

And just like that, he's left me hanging. Again.

Jackass. He did it on purpose, I see that now. He wanted to get me worked up, throw off my game.

I'm about to give him a piece of my mind when he catches me by the waist.

"I'm going to spin you," he warns me.

He twirls me around three times. When he releases me, I sway against him, nearly losing my balance. I'm still recovering from his little trick, and my legs tremble as I push myself upright again.

"I swear, if you've pointed me in the wrong direction, I'm going to kill you," I say. My heart is beating erratically in my chest. If he intended to leave me shaky and disoriented, well, he's definitely accomplished that goal.

"You're going the right way," he assures me, pressing one of the paper cocks into my hand. The adhesive backing sticks to my skin.

I take a deep breath, trying to gain control over my body again. Curse him for doing this to me. But there's no point in stalling.s much as I hate to admit itHere goes nothing.

I reach out blindly and take a tentative step forward. Then another. The wall comes up before I'm expecting it, but I manage to stick my piece to the poster without issue.

I pull off the blindfold to inspect the damage. Not bad-my penis is only a few inches away from the blank crotch on the poster.

I spin and grin at Calder. "Top that."

It's my turn to blindfold him. He makes it difficult, reaching around and touching me while I try to tie the knot. I think of returning the trick he played on me before my turn, but his willpower far outreaches my own. I'm not sure I could trust myself to stop.

When the shirt is finally secure around his eyes, I push his hands away and spin him once, twice, three times. I'm slightly tempted to leave him pointed in the wrong direction, but I fear whatever punishment he'll demand if he catches me cheating.

Calder shuffles slowly forward, his paper cock held out in front of him. His hand starts out a little too high, but as he nears the wall his arm drops slightly. His body blocks my view of the poster while he places his piece, but I get a sinking feeling in my stomach even before he steps away from the wall.

His paper cock is basically on top of mine-but about an inch closer to the target.

Dammit.

I swear that he knows he's won even before he pulls off the blindfold. When he turns toward me, he looks so smug that it's all I can do not to punch him.

"Well," he says, reaching down and grabbing the lingerie monstrosity from the bag, "it looks like you have some changing to do."

* * *

There's nothing quite as uncomfortable as a piece of lingerie that's basically a dozen elastic straps criss-crossing your body. No matter how I stand, something is wedging somewhere, and the patches over my nipples and crotch are insanely itchy.

The worst part is that this was supposed to be Calder's dare. How was I the one to end up like this?

He had to help s much as I hate to admit it's grinning like an idiot as he stares at me.

I cross my arms. "This is seriously getting you off? I look like I was attacked by some sort of crazy Valentine's Day spider. In Vegas."

"It's a good look for you."

I imagine that I'm about the same shade as the sequins right now. I feel absolutely ridiculous.

"Turn around," he says.

I roll my eyes. "Want me to dance for you, too?"

"If you're offering."

I stick out my tongue at him, but I oblige and turn around. I've owned my share of sexy underwear before, but nothing like this. Nothing that requires... modeling. It's more fun than I want to admit.

I wiggle my ass for Calder, and he makes an appreciative sound in his throat.

"I dare you to wear that for the rest of the day," he says.

I glance at him over my shoulder. "I never said I wanted a dare."

"Come on," he says, stepping forward and wrapping his arms around me. He tugs at one of the straps stretching across my stomach. "Do it for me." He tilts his head and slides his tongue along the skin just below my ear. How can I resist that?

"Fine," I say, "but then it's your turn again." I feel like I've had about three turns in a row.

"Agreed."

I reach down and grab my shirt. I'm about to pull it over my head when Calder asks, "What are you doing?"

"Getting dressed."

"I'm afraid you've misunderstood me." an amazing time tonight somethingpa

I turn and look up at him. I don't like where this is going.

Calder hooks his thumbs through the straps across my hips. "You are to wear this, and only this."

"How do you expect me to get back to the car?"

"On two legs, as you usually would."

Oh, no. No no no no no. "There's a man out there, unless you've forgotten."

Calder's eyes gleam devilishly. "Don't worry. I'm sure he's seen far stranger things in this place."

I should argue, but I don't. Maybe it's because I want to maintain this illusion of carefree pleasure we've built around ourselves.

Maybe it's because I'm enjoying this more than I want to admit to myself.

"Okay," I tell him. "But let's go now before I lose my nerve."

"You? Lose your nerve? Never." But he helps me gather the rest of my clothes.

"Want to take the game?" I ask, indicating the poster on the wall.

Calder shakes his head. "Let's leave it for the next lucky fellow who wanders in here."

And with that, he throws open the door to the shop.

Thankfully, the place is still empty of other customers. But that doesn't keep my cheeks from burning as we make our way back to the door. The bored cashier, thank God, seems to be distracted by some reading material.

Please don't look up. Please don't look up...

We're almost to the door. Just a few more steps and we're free., whether he wants to admit it or not.it10

"Have a good day," Calder says cheerfully to the clerk.

The man nods, glancing up-and then his eyes nearly bug out of his head.

I'm going to kill Calder.

But I tilt my chin and straighten my back, forcing myself to meet the cashier's gaze. I might as well commit to this. I refuse to act ashamed.

And dammit, I might look ridiculous, but I'd like to believe I still look good.

By the time we reach the door, the man behind the cash register is practically drooling. I shoot him a wink before escaping into the parking lot.

"That was some show," Calder muses when we're in the parking lot.

"I thought I might as well have a little fun with it," I say.

Calder grabs me and presses me up against the side of the car. In this position, my near-nakedness is hidden from anyone traveling along the road behind us.

"You're enjoying this," he says, his eyes darkening. "You blush whenever I pay you a compliment, but secretly you love showing off that sweet little body of yours."

"What's wrong with that?"

"Nothing," he murmurs, moving closer. "Nothing at all." I feel his arousal pressing against my thigh.

"We're in a parking lot," I remind him.

"I don't see how that's a problem." He begins to suck on my neck while his hands creep up to cup my essentially-bare breasts. "Think I could get you off right here?"

Oh, I have no doubt he could get me off anywhere.

One of his hands slips between my legs.

"Still eager, I see." He slides his finger across my wetness. He loops his thumb around the strap that crosses my folds, tugging making up for lost time.to10it aside to gain better access.

Meanwhile, his mouth continues to attack my flesh. He nips at my skin, working his way down across my breast, and when he reaches the heart applique he uses his teeth to pull it away from my nipple. I clutch his shoulders and moan, throwing my head back against the car.

It shouldn't excite me this much.

"People are going to think I'm a hooker," I say. "We're going to get arrested."

He's already undoing his belt. The madness has come over him again, that feral passion that I fear will tear us both apart. He pushes down his pants and slides his hard length between my legs, pressing it against my trembling body.

I ache for him. I want him so badly, but I'm scared. Scared of the pent-up emotion in his eyes, scared of the strength of my own reaction to him. If I'm not careful, it will consume everything.

Calder has grabbed my thigh. He's lifting my leg, shifting my body to give him easier access. But I place my hand on his chest.

"Stop. Calder, please stop."

He freezes. His body quivers with restraint.

"No one will see," he says softly. "We're hidden from the road."

I shake my head and push him back another step. "I just don't want to do this here. Please."

Hurt floods his eyes, but he nods and releases me.

"Wait." I grab the collar of his shirt and pull his face to mine. I kiss him softly, but in a way I hope conveys the confusion of emotions rushing through me right now. When we break away from each other, I see the battle waging in his eyes, his lust and pride warring with the pain. He steps back and clears his throat.

"Come on," he says softly, readjusting the straps on my lingerie to cover me again. "Let's keep going."

Back on the road, things are quiet again. Calder's lost the high spirits he had at the adult store, and though I know it's my fault, I don't know what to do with all of these feelings surging through my chest.

In the end, s much as I hate to admit it's the lingerie that breaks the tension.

As promised, I'm wearing nothing but that strappy torture device as I sit in the passenger's seat. It took me a while to figure out how to sit comfortably, but I've finally managed to find a position where the straps aren't digging into me. I'm leaning my head against the window, watching the traffic move past, when a semi-truck pulls up beside us. I glance up. The truck driver is staring down at me, jaw agape. When he catches my eye, he breaks into a smile and tugs on his horn.

I squeak and jerk away from the window.

Calder looks over and glances up out of the windshield at the truck. I watch the realization dawn on him, and then suddenly he's laughing.

I cross my arms across my breasts. "You think this is funny?"

He's laughing so hard he can't even answer.

I try to stay pissed, but I can't help it. The humor is infectious. Soon I'm giggling right along with him, and when a few minutes later another trucker sends a complimentary honk my way, I lose it again.

That's only the beginning. Every semi that passes pulls its horn at us, something Calder seems to find increasingly amusing. The worst, though, is when he pulls into a gas station to fill up and grab us some snacks for lunch. I curl up and keep my arms crossed while I wait, but that does little to prevent the stares.

"I hope you're happy," I say when he slides back into the car. "Now half the state has seen me practically naked."

He grins as he passes over a bag of trail mix. "Don't tell me you're not enjoying this even a little."

If I'm being honest... then yes. It's insane, but I'm getting some twisted, naughty pleasure out of this. But I won't tell him that.

"It's your turn again," I say as he pulls back onto the highway. "Truth or dare?"

He smiles. "Truth."

Damn. I was hoping I'd have the chance to get him back for this.

"Afraid of a little revenge after the last round?" I tease.

"Choosing 'truth' isn't a cop-out," he replies, looking pointedly at me. "Not if you play it right."

He's right, of course. I can think of ways to make this side of the game fun, too. I lean back against my seat and just watch him for a minute. It's early afternoon, and the light coming in through the windows brings out the chestnut tones in his dark hair and casts a warm, golden glow on his skin. My belly warms just looking at him.

I can hardly believe that here, in this moment, he's mine.

I've been trying to think of a question that will make him squirm, but suddenly I don't care about turning him on. I want to know more about his heart.

"All those girls you dated," I hear myself saying. "All those models and actresses. Did you ever love any of them?"

He turns his head, looking at me briefly before turning his eyes back to the road. The corner of his mouth turns up. "Jealous, are we?"

"That's not what I meant." Great, now he thinks I'm insecure.

But I stand by my question.

"I loved Garrett," I tell him. "For better or for worse, there was a time when he was... everything to me. I want to know if there was someone for you, someone who was important once. I've never heard you mention anyone specific."

He twists his hands on the wheel. "I can't decide whether you're a masochist or if your grand plan for revenge is to make me as uncomfortable as possible."

"Neither. I just-" What is it that I want to hear? "You had a life before we met each other. You had relationships and encounters with other women, and I'm not naive enough to believe that none of those experiences ever changed you. I want to know you better. I want to know how you became the man you are."

"And what kind of man is that?"

"It's your turn to answer a question, not mine."

He's still looking at the road, but I watch the side of his face as he considers his answer. He works his jaw as he thinks.

"There were some," he says after a moment, "who meant more than others. A couple I stayed with for some time. One who I considered marrying."

"You almost got married?"

"I thought about proposing. I was young and infatuated and she seemed to expect it."

"Who was she?"

He shoots me another look out of the corner of his eye, probably trying to gauge my reaction to everything he's telling me.

"She was a model. French. Her name was Chloe."

"What happened?"

"It was a slow unraveling. She was busy with her career, and I was busy with my friends and their parties and all that stupid shit. We grew apart." He taps his fingers on the wheel again. "She contacted me after my father died. She's married now-happily, I believe-but she took the time to send me her condolences."

"Do you miss her?"

He looks at me. "I don't regret breaking it off, if that's what you're asking."

"What, no 'one who got away' in your past somewhere?" I say. I don't want to admit that hearing him talk about her makes my stomach clench. It's my own fault for asking the damn question. Maybe he's right-maybe I am a masochist.

"When did this become an interrogation?" he says. "You were only supposed to get one question."

I shrug. "It's not my fault you lost count."

He's silent for a long moment. an amazing time tonight somethingpa

"Here's the deal," he says finally. "I'm willing to go one-to-one. You can keep going, but for every question you ask me, I get to ask one of you, too."

"Sounds fair."

"I get to go next, of course. Considering you just got half a dozen answers out of me."

"Fine," I say, though I'm beginning to wonder if putting myself at the mercy of his curiosity is a good idea.

"You mentioned Garrett," he says. "Tell me, how did all of that begin?"

Yeah, regretting this already. "What do you mean?"

"I'll admit that my limited contact with the guy has left me less than impressed. But you say that you loved him once, which I'm assuming means he wasn't always like that." He looks over at me. "Please tell me he wasn't always like that."

"No, he wasn't." I wish I could read Calder's expression. Does he really want to hear this? Calling himself "less than impressed" is a bit of an understatement. Even now, I notice the way his shoulders have stiffened as if he's getting ready to face off against some invisible opponent.

But he doesn't say anything, which means he's waiting for me to go on.

"He volunteered at the Center," I hear myself saying. "He was brilliant at getting donations. I guess you can say he found my weakness."

Calder still doesn't say anything, so I go on.

"He was smart. Driven. He was really good at his job." Good enough that he learned about the Cunningham's financial difficulties before most of the rest of the world. He's not the sort to run around chasing people with the paparazzi-no, he's smarter, sneakier than that.

"You loved him because he was good at his job?" Calder asks.

"He was very sweet to me," I say quickly. I don't know why the site where Garrett contributes wsh I feel like I need to defend those old, stupid feelings, but I do. "And gentlemanly. He completely charmed my dad. He brought me flowers, left little love notes on my desk on the evenings he volunteered. Everything a perfect boyfriend should do."

I look back over at Calder. He appears to be completely focused on the road, but I know he's hanging on to my every word.

"When did things change?" he asks me finally.

I know it's my turn to ask Calder a question at this point, but now that I've started talking, I find that I don't want to stop. I've never really discussed my relationship with Garrett before. With anyone.

"I don't know, exactly," I say. "It was really subtle at first. He'd make some offhand comment about my clothes or my hair. I don't even think he realized what he was doing, not at the beginning. But he was the first guy I ever really loved, you know? And his opinion meant everything to me." I twist my hair between my fingers. "If he said he didn't like the way I did my makeup, I changed it. If he complained about the music I listened to, I switched over to the radio stations he liked. I don't know when he realized how much influence he had over me. As our relationship went on, he started to pull back, and that only made me more desperate to please him. And then one day I caught him with someone else."

I don't look at Calder this time. I stare out the window, at the trees and the billboards. This shouldn't be making me emotional, not now. I've long since gotten over my feelings for Garrett. But it's hard to forgive my past self for being so pitiful.

"I don't blame him," I say. "At least, I'm not surprised things ended the way they did. I was a doormat, and things were over between the two of us the minute he realized that. He might have enjoyed it for a while, but how can you respect the person you're dating when you realize that they'll let you walk all over them? After we broke up, I promised myself I'd never let that happen again." I let out a bitter laugh. "The funny thing is, the minute Garrett realized I was fine-better-without him, he wanted me back. But you know that part of the story."

I still don't turn toward Calder. I don't want him to see the tears in my eyes.

But God, I wish he'd say something.

Instead, he slowly steers the car off the road, pulling onto the grassy shoulder.

"What are you doing?"

He doesn't answer. He puts the car into park, kills the gas. I open my mouth to repeat my question, but then he's unbuckling my seatbelt, pulling me toward him.

Any confusion I have is lost when his lips come down on mine.

CHAPTER TWELVE

He kisses me like it's the first time. He kisses me like he'll never have the chance to kiss me again. His arms are strong and gentle around me. His mouth is soft and hard, pleading and demanding, and I can do nothing but fall against him. He moves his lips across my cheek, tracing the paths of my tears.

"You're the most amazing, breathtaking woman I've ever met," he whispers against my skin. "I swear, if I ever see that prick again-I don't care if he isn't violating the restraining order. I'm going to kick his ass."

He shoves me back against my seat, but when he moves his hands over my chest, his touch is delicate, worshiping.

"That bastard was an idiot," he says. "And I could kill him for hurting you."

"I'm all right," I assure him.

Calder doesn't reply. He brushes a strand of hair away from my forehead. His eyes bore into mine, and I feel like he's finally seeing all those little pieces of my soul I've kept hidden from him. I knew he had shadows hidden away, but I've been avoiding acknowledging my own.

"It's his fault you don't believe me when I compliment you, isn't it?" he says softly.

"I believe you," I insist. "I just... these things are never just simple, are they?"

I don't like it, feeling this exposed in front of him. Because that's how I feel-naked and raw and completely powerless. I try to turn my face away from him, try to escape that intrusive gaze, but he pulls me back. I have no choice.

"I will never, ever ask you to change Wentworth Cunninghamch lQ," he says. "I never want you to think, even for a minute, that you aren't perfect, just as you are." Something flickers in his eyes. "I accused you yesterday of being brash and never thinking of others. I was angry when I said those things, but at myself, not you. The truth is that you're the most generous person I know. You care so deeply and passionately for the people around you that you leap at any chance to help them, no matter what the risk or consequence to yourself. You're incredible."

"Except when I'm teasing you. Or just trying to aggravate you," I say with a laugh.

But Calder doesn't miss a beat. "Especially then. When you're stubborn. Or reckless. Or bent on infuriating me. I don't care. You're still extraordinary. I wouldn't change a thing about you."

I'm tearing up again, but he still won't let me look away.

"I wish I could carry you away," he says.

"Isn't that what you're doing right now?"

"No, I mean actually away. Somewhere far from here." He looks down at me with a small, sad smile. "But I know you'd never agree. You have too much for you here."

He knows me well. I wish we could run off together, if only for a little while, but I can't abandon Dad and the Center. In the meantime, though, I'm going to appreciate what I have right in front of me, and I'm going to make sure he feels that appreciation. I can't promise him forever, not like this. But I can give him everything in this moment, right here, right now.

I reach up and take his face between my hands.

"I want you," I say. "Now. I need you now."

He doesn't say a word. He just bows his head and kisses me. He grabs the straps that crisscross my body.

"I still think it suits you," he says, pulling at the lingerie.

"Just take it off."

"Get in the backseat."

I climb over the center console while he leaps out of the car and comes in through the back door. He grabs me by the waist and pushes me down against the seat and begins the complicated process of pulling me out of my strappy, sequined get-up.

We both lose patience with it very quickly.

"Fuck this," Calder says, reaching for his belt. He pushes down his pants before reaching for the sequined heart over my crotch and shoving it aside.

He sinks into me. I'm sore from our wild and repeated exertions of the past two days, and I moan as he fills me.

We've had sex in a car before. It was one of the most intense experiences of my life. This is equally as intense, but in a different way; every brush of his lips, every touch of his fingers, every stroke of his cock is a prayer, a plea, a promise. His body begs me to trust him, to open myself to him further, to abandon all the doubts and fears and everything else that's come between us these past few weeks.

Calder plunges into me, again and again until my brain knows nothing else but him. He's filling every part of me-mind, body, and soul.

I wrap my legs around him, arch up to meet him, rock against his hard length in an attempt to get even closer. I'm afraid we'll never be close enough.

I peak quickly. Calder isn't far behind. He lets out a groan and pushes deep into me, and we ride out the waves of pleasure together.

* * *

It's mid-afternoon by the time we move again. I manage to escape the lingerie, and Calder helps me pull on my normal clothes.

Neither of us says a word as we move back into the front seats. Calder cranks the car into gear and pulls back onto the road, and I lean back against my seat and try to calm my galloping heart. Something has changed. Despite the fact that I'm now more clothed than I've been for the better part of the weekend, I still feel naked. Bare. Raw.

I love him.

God, I love him. I haven't wanted to admit it before now. This whole thing has been so wild, so passionate, so crazy-I suspected, in some part of my heart, that it would only come crashing down around my ears one day. I'm still not sure it won't. That's the problem with these intense affairs, isn't it? They flare bright but nearly always go up in flames. Whether it's a huge blaze or a sl Wentworth Cunninghamtyleshow burn-out depends on the couple.

I don't want it to be either.

I glance over at Calder. Every time we make love, I feel like we get closer-that we cross the threshold into some perfect understanding of each other. But as soon as we let go, as soon as we stand up and put on our clothes and get back to life, that connection slips slowly away, second by second. The same problems still lie between us, only this time they're complicated by our recent emotional and physical intimacy.

Calder is still a man of many secrets. A man with fears and pain and guilt that I'm only just beginning to understand. Despite everything that's happened today, I still remember the things he said to me the other night. He tried to push me away. Told me I'd be better off without him, that he was essentially only using me as a distraction. He keeps doing the same thing: turning down sex and disappearing for days at a time, then throwing himself at me like he can't bear to be apart, then shoving me away once more. The minute I allow myself to believe that he's finally given in to his feelings, he turns around and builds up his walls again. How do I know that this time the barriers will be down for good?

Something snapped inside of him the moment those reporters showed up at his apartment. It's all been too much for him, and their appearance was the final straw. He's slipping, falling slowly into some mad, dark abyss. And now he's running back to the one place he shouldn't go. The place he needs to put from his mind, if he's going to make it through this with his sanity intact.

But I'll go with him. I won't question his decision, not aloud. I won't ask him why he needs to go. I won't ask him what he plans to do when we get there. I'll be here, next to him.

Because I love him.

God, it still feels strange to acknowledge that, even in my own head. But it's true. I love him so much that my chest aches and my throat burns. I turn toward the window so he can't see my face.

We hit Barberville soon enough, and Calder finally turns onto the small, private road that leads out to the former Cunningham estate. It's a narrow, unmarked road through a beautiful stretch of trees, and my stomach sinks as I imagine how things will change when the floods of tourists begin to come.

Ten minutes from the highway, we cross over a small river-the very river to which I owe my relationship with Calder in the first place. If this river hadn't flooded in the storm, if I hadn't been stranded with Calder in his mansion, this whole thing would have played out very differently.

It's another ten minutes before the gate looms up in front of us. I suck in a quiet breath when the great stone walls and the wide, ivy-covered gate come into view. I've only been here a couple of times and this place still affects me. I can only imagine how Calder must feel right now.

He parks the car and for a moment we both just sit there, staring at the barrier in front of us.

Finally, I look at him and say, "What do you want to do?"

He tugs his hand through his hair. "I want to go in."

He reaches out the window and presses the button on the call box.

There's no response.

"It doesn't look like there's anyone here," he says.

We get out of the car. When we move closer to the gate, I can see that it's been chained and padlocked.

"Well," he says, "you've done this before, haven't you?" He walks along the length of the gate until he comes to the place where, a few months ago, I managed to squeeze through the wrought iron. Calder shoots me a look and begins to climb. Within minutes, he's made it through the gate and jumped down on the other side.

I'm not about to let him have all the fun. Even though my brain is shouting This is breaking and entering! I find my pulse racing in excitement as I follow Calder. It's not like I haven't committed the exact same crime in the past.

"Never thought I'd have to break onto this place myself," he says when we're both safely on the other side. There's a bitterness in his voice that makes my heart ache.

I slip my hand through his as we make our way up the cobblestoned driveway. The live oaks rustle over our heads. On another day, under different circumstances, this would have been extremely romantic.

Calder's fingers tighten on mine when the large, dark form of the house comes into view. He pauses, and I stop, too, staring at the great shape in front of us.

"Do you know what they're going to do?" he says softly. "They're going to turn this place into an amusement park. Charge admission. Give tours. Bui the site where Garrett contributesin to make ld a fucking gift shop."

"I know," I say, but I don't think he hears me. He looks like he's about to punch something.

"Come Christmas they'll probably set up an absurd amount of lights and charge people extra to come stare at some ridiculous thirty-foot Christmas tree in the middle of the lawn." He pulls his hand out of mine and curls his fingers into a fist.

There's nothing I can say to make this easier for him. I reach out and touch his shoulder, but he ignores the gesture.

"Come on," he says. "I'm sure they locked the doors. We'll have to go in around back."

I let him lead me around the side of the house, back toward the hedge maze. I toy with the idea of asking him to chase me through the maze again, but when we reach the tall hedge walls, I stay silent. We're past the point where I should be trying to distract him with sex. He needs to do whatever he came here to do.

Eventually, we stop next to a statue of a half-naked woman holding an urn. We're at the back of the house, and I glance around before stepping forward to examine the stone woman.

"Let me guess," I say, trying to lighten the mood. "If you pull on her arm, a secret passage opens up."

"Close." Calder steps around the statue and moves his hand along the wall. After a few minutes of fumbling, he seems to find something-a catch or a latch, I guess, because he gives a tug and suddenly I can see the faint edges of a door where a minute ago I could have sworn there were only stones.

Is this place for real? Even after my previous experiences here, I still have trouble believing it.

"It's not as mysterious as it looks," Calder says when he sees my expression. "It's actually just an extra escape route in case of fires. Once you know it's here, it's actually pretty easy to spot."

If you say so. I'm still having trouble wrapping my head around it.

He takes my hand again and pulls me inside. The passage beyond is dark, especially when Calder closes the door behind us.

"I'm sorry it's so dark," he says. "My grandfather never bothered installing electricity down here because it saw so little use."

We stumble down the passage arm in arm. In spite of the calmness of his voice, I can feel his pulse beating overtime at his wrist.

"Truth or dare?" I whisper into the darkness. I know, deep down, that we've come to the last round of our little game, but I'm determined to see it through.

Calder must know it, too, because there's sense of finality in his voice when he says, "Truth."

There are a hundred things I might ask him, but only one whose answer matters right now.

"Why did you bring me here?"

We've come to the end of the passage, and Calder pushes open a door in the wall. It leads out onto a narrow hallway. Late afternoon light spills in through a pair of floor-to-ceiling windows, but otherwise-save a gilded mirror hanging some ways down the wall-the corridor is bare.

"I thought I was fine, leaving this place behind," he says. "But not now. Not after I heard what they plan to do." He reaches out and touches the ornate wallpaper, the last remnant of the luxury that once dwelled here. "Now... Now I'd rather see this place torn down than turned into a spectacle."

He moves down the hallway, coming to a stop in front of the mirror. I wonder what he sees in his reflection.

Then, before I even realize what's happening, he grabs the mirror off the wall and hurls it.

The sound is ear-splitting. The mirror explodes into a thousand pieces of glass when it hits the floor, but Calder doesn't flinch. He watches the destruction, and after everything has settled, he reaches down and grabs a piece of the mirror.

"Calder?"

He glances up from the shard in his hand and turns back to me. His eyes burn with some emotion I cannot name.

He moves away from me, down the hallway, and I run after him. My shoes crunch over the bits of mirror.

"Where are you going?" I say.any bit of skin he can reach. I But he ignores me.

He strides through the house with a silent determination that scares me. More than once he reaches out and slashes at the wall with his piece of mirror, leaving deep, jagged scars in the paint or wallpaper.

Most of the furniture has long since moved out of this place, but there are still random pieces of decor hanging in some of the rooms. Calder destroys each one. If he can't pull it down, he tears into it with his shard of mirror.

"What are you doing?" I say. "Calder, please!"

But no matter what I say, he doesn't seem to hear me. He's bent on destroying this place piece by piece, and I don't know how to stop him.

This is it-this is what I feared. He's come undone, cracked under the stress and the emotions he's tried so long to hide.

Eventually we come to the dining room. There's nothing on the walls in here, only the elaborate pastoral fresco painted high above our heads. But that doesn't stop Calder. He storms across the room, toward the long-paned windows on the far wall.

I catch his arm just as he's about to put his fist through the glass.

"Please," I say. "Calder, listen to me. Please, you're scaring me."

He freezes, but I can feel the tension in his muscles. He's just barely holding himself back.

"You don't have to do this," I say.

His cheek twitches. "Yes, I do."

I step in front of Calder, placing myself between him and the window. I grab his face and force him to look down at me.

"This isn't you," I whisper. "Let it go. Please, let it go."

I watch the struggle in his eyes. His gaze flicks between my face and the window behind me, and for a breathless minute I worry that he'll push me aside and continue his rampage.

But slowly, ever so slowly, I feel his muscles relax beneath my hands. When his eyes drift back to mine again, the anguish is still there, but the rage has seeped away. His shoulders sag slightly.

He reaches out and touches me tentatively on the waist. He's lost the piece of mirror somewhere, but his hands are stiff as they move up my sides.

"Lily..." he says, shaking his head.

"You don't have to say anything."

And he doesn't. He continues to touch me-delicately, as if he's afraid that his fingers might yet rebel and smash me just like the mirror.

I know better. Calder would never hurt me, not like that. I take one of his hands and clasp it in mine, bringing it to my lips to show him how much I love his touch.

That's when I notice the gashes across his palm.

There are half a dozen cuts, and two or three are deeper than the rest. He must have cut himself on the edges of his makeshift knife. My stomach clenches at the sight of the blood, his blood, spilling across his beautiful hand.

I grab the edge of my shirt and dab at the wounds. The slices don't appear to be too bad, at least, but they still make my heart ache. Calder, on the other hand, doesn't even flinch as I wipe away the blood.

"You're hurt," I say.

His eyes drop to his hand, and he wiggles his fingers as if he's just noticing the injury for the first time. Still, he gives no indication that he even feels any pain.

I reach up and touch his cheek. He's still drifting, still hovering on the edge of madness.

"Calder," I say. "Look at me. Please."

It takes a moment for his eyes to focus on mine. When they do, the emotion there just about breaks my heart.

Suddenly his arms loop around me, pulling me against him, and he buries his face in my shoulder. He's shaking, and his fingers dig into the s an amazing time tonightgshoft skin of my back. His breathing is shallow and ragged. I wrap my own arms around him and hold him tightly.

"I'm here," I murmur. "I won't let you go."

I don't know how long we stand there, clutching each other. I'm too focused on the rapid beating of his heart, on the trembling I feel beneath my hands. At some point, though, one or the other of us must move because the next thing I know, we're on the ground, still holding each other.

"You're not alone," I tell him. "You're not alone." I whisper the words over and over again, hoping that somehow, they get through to him.

He takes a shuddering breath. His hands move against my back, and I feel the sticky warmth of his blood through my shirt. I grab his arm and pull it back around me so his wounded hand is between us. I take his hand in mine and bring it to my lips, and then I proceed to kiss a path along each of his cuts, brushing my mouth delicately along the torn skin. His blood is salty, metallic on my tongue, but I don't mind the taste.

Calder stays perfectly still while I address the gashes on his hand. My eyes are closed, but I feel him watching me, feel the intensity of his gaze on my face. By the time I've finished my ministrations, he's stopped shaking and his breathing is deep and even.

He moves his hands over me, stroking my arms, my shoulders, my back. This has become our ritual of comfort: touching, caressing, feeling each other. It's not just a distraction. I realize that now; this will always be how we understand each other best.

Our movements slowly become more sensual, more desperate. Our legs twine together, and we roll over and under each other, across the floor, until I come to rest on top of him.

I sit up, straddling him. I can feel his bulge beneath me, and I move slowly against it. He groans and grips my hips while my fingers fumble at the fly of my jeans. A moment later, I have them off, and I lean forward and use my teeth to undo the button on his own pants.

I only slide them down to his thighs. I don't have the patience for more. He's ready for me, and I for him, and when I straddle him again, I sink easily onto his cock. Calder moans again and clutches my thighs. I begin to move up and down, and all the while I watch his face, watch the emotions play across his dark features. The pain is melting away, the life coming back into his eyes. I squeeze the muscles between my legs, and there's a flash of pure lust across his face. His hands move from my legs and up across my body, slipping under my shirt to capture my breasts, which bounce with the rhythm of my movements. the site where Garrett contributesin to make

"Lily," he rasps as he kneads me. I lean away from him, bracing myself against his thighs and letting my head fall back onto my shoulders. I gaze up at the ceiling above us, at the magnificent fresco that witnessed those very earliest days of our relationship. It's as beautiful as I remember it.

I squeeze myself around Calder again, and he lets out a sound like a wild animal. When I drop my eyes to his face once more, a surge of pleasure moves through my gut. He's himself again, wicked and wild and fully present, and his eyes lock on mine with a force that shakes me to my core. He releases my breasts and moves a hand up to my face. It's the same hand I kissed and nurtured only moments ago. His finger teases my lips, brushing back and forth across my mouth until I relent and open it for him. Then he slips the finger inside.

My eyes never leave his. I slide my tongue along his finger, and then I close my mouth and begin to suck. He growls and bucks his hips, slamming himself up into me. My entire body burns with sensation, and I feel the pleasure building inside of me. I let out a whimper around his finger.

Calder's eyes are so dark they're nearly black.

"Turn around," he commands.

I obey, letting his finger slip from my mouth before carefully shifting my body around to face away from him. I grab his ankles and lean forward, leaving Calder with a very clear view of my backside.

His hands clutch my ass as I begin to move again. He feels even better from this angle, and when he raises his hips against me, matching my rhythm, I let out a moan. My nails dig into his ankles, and he's gripping my butt hard enough to leave bruises.

"Fuck, Lily," he gasps.

I ride him like I've never ridden a man before. All the sex we've had this weekend feels like it was building to this, moving toward this final moment of pleasure and delirium. I cry out Calder's name as I move against him, scream it and whisper it and sob it. I want to be his freedom, his release, his ultimate ecstasy.

Suddenly he sits up, clutching me from behind. One of his arms goes around my neck, the other around my hips, keeping our rhythm. He pulls my head back onto his shoulder so he can press his mouth against my ear.

"Come for me," he growls. "My sweet, naughty Lily." His hand slips down between my legs.

I suck in a breath as he begins to rub my clit.

"Come, my little minx," he begs. "Come for me, and then I'll fill you up."

He twists my clit with a force that makes me cry out in both pleasure and pain at once, and that's all it takes. Release sweeps through me, furious and crushing, and the last thing I notice before the sensation pulls me under is, once more, the beauty of the scene high above our heads.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

"This place will always be a part of you, you know."

We're sitting in the grass out on the lawn of the former Cunningham estate, staring up at the night sky. I have no idea what time it is-long past dinner, I'm sure, and probably far into the night-but for whatever reason neither food nor sleep interests me very much right now. I've even called my dad and told him I won't be in to work tomorrow.

Calder doesn't respond for a long moment.

"It's not the house," he says. "Not really." He picks at the grass next to him. "I was never really happy with the idea of another family living here, but I told myself that at the end of the day, it would still be someone's home. This-this thing they want to do... it destroys everything that made this house special."

I can't know the pain he's feeling, but I understand in some small way. You expose the secrets of a place like this, and they cease to mean anything.

"But maybe it's better this way," he says. "Maybe this is what needed to happen to sever that last emotional bond. The sooner I accept that my old life is over, the happier I will be."

"These things take time," I remind him. "Lives change, and sometimes we don't adjust immediately. But you'll figure out where you need to be, what you need to be doing." Your life still has meaning. To me.

My hand brushes against his on the ground. my phone beeps again.

"Lily..." He sounds like he wants to say more, but he stops.

"What is it?" My stomach clenches. I knew there was more to this story, knew he was keeping something from me. "What really happened with your father?"

"My father?"

Is he really going to make me spell it out?

"What's the truth about the money?" I ask. "What was really going on?" I can't bring myself to say "scandal" or "blackmail" out loud, not to him. But the time for secrets is past. I want to know the whole truth of his suffering.

Calder is silent. I find his hand in the grass and squeeze it, but there's no response.

"Calder?"

"You know what happened with the money." His voice is oddly quiet. "I told you. He made some bad investments."

That doesn't completely answer my question.

"Bad legitimate investments?" I ask. "Or..."

He jerks his hand away from mine. "I don't believe this. You believe all that crap they're saying."

"That's not what I-"

"Then why are you asking me this? I can't believe you'd trust those gossip magazines over me."

"I don't trust them at all. That's why I'm asking you."

"But I've already told you. I told you my father was a stupid, gullible idiot. I told you those websites and magazines were poison." He jerks his hand through his hair. "I thought you, out of everyone, were on my side."ad either doesn"I am on your side. I've been on your side the entire time."

"Then how could you ask me this? How can you think I'd keep something like that from you?"

That's not fair. That's not fair at all. The words bubble up before I can stop them.

"Maybe that's because you lied to me about your financial position in the first place!" I say. "And the only reason you admitted anything at all was because Garrett ratted you out. Even now, you're keeping secrets from me-taking mysterious calls while we're on dates, skipping out of town and refusing to tell me why, blowing hot and cold and closing off whenever I try to be supportive. What am I supposed to think? You're obviously hiding something."

My words hang between us. Part of me wants to take them all back, shove them right down my throat again. I don't want to fight. Not now, not ever again.

But they needed to be said. I've kept my thoughts and fears bundled up inside of me these past few weeks, and I don't want them hanging between us anymore. They just weren't supposed to come out like this.

"I don't mean it like that," I say. "I just-I can sense there's something you're not telling me. Even now."

I wish I could read his expression, but the moonlight casts strange shadows across his face.

When Calder finally speaks, his voice is solemn, resigned.

"We need to learn to trust each other," he says. "Without trust, without understanding, we're just two people fucking."

I flinch. We've had this conversation before, and it hurt just as much then.

"That's why I wanted to hold off on sex," he continues. "I wanted to prove to myself that this was something beyond the physical. Something beyond the games."

And all this time I've been doing everything in my power to make those aspects of our relationship front-and-center. across my breastit10

"It doesn't have to be one or the other," I say. "There's no need to deprive ourselves while we're learning more about each other." Hell, I learn as much about him during those intense physical moments as I do sitting down over dinner. Our bodies speak to each other, even when our mouths can't find the words.

"But what happens if we're forced to be apart for a while?" he asks. "What happens when we're forced to be a normal couple?"

"Maybe we're not supposed to be a normal couple," I reply. "This certainly doesn't feel like any relationship I've ever had before."

"You don't-you don't understand." He sighs. "But I guess that's my fault. You're right. I haven't told you about everything that's going on."

The air rushes out of my lungs. Now that this moment has come, I'm afraid to hear what he has to say.

"I've already told you I've been working with a man named Tim Renley to settle my financial affairs," Calder says. "He was a close friend of my father's, and he heads up a consulting firm up in New York. Obviously this whole thing hasn't been a completely seamless process, but it would have been a lot worse without Tim."

My fingers dig into the dirt on either side of me. I don't understand. Why would he feel the need to hide something like that?

"As I said, he was a close friend of my father's, and maybe he feels that he owes me something. But he lost his own son several years ago. Deacon would have been about my age now, and I think Tim sees a little bit of him in me." He pauses and looks down at his hands. "Tim's been telling me all along that he admires my business instincts. He says that I'm the opposite of my father, that I actually have a knack for handling all these sticky financial situations."

I'm still not sure where this is going, but I reach out and lightly touch Calder's arm.

Calder lets out a long breath. "Lily, he's offered me a job."

"A job," I repeat.

But that's good news, right? It's exactly what he needs-a purpose, a project, a place where he can Wentworth Cunninghamw would grow and excel. It's the first step to starting this next phase of his life. The first step to starting over and feeling like his life has meaning again. He's intelligent, confident-and, as I know from personal experience, incredibly persuasive-and I have no doubt he'll be brilliant at it.

"Lily," Calder says. "The job is in New York."

Oh.

New York is almost a thousand miles away.

"It's only an entry-level position," Calder says. "He's taking a great risk offering me a job at all, considering what the greater part of the world thinks about my family right now. But he's already arranged for an apartment, for everything."

My stomach is sinking lower with every passing second. "Have you accepted the position then?"

"Not yet." He rubs his face. "But Tim is persistent. He calls me constantly-offering more money, better benefits, anything he thinks might persuade me."

Something in his voice makes me pause.

"Do you want this job?" My own voice is hardly more than a whisper.

He doesn't say anything for some time, just continues to shred the grass in front of him. Finally he looks over at me.

"I thought about asking you to come with me," he says. "But then I realized that meant asking you to leave the Center. I wouldn't force you to make that choice, even if I thought you'd consider it."

I'm having trouble forming a coherent response. This isn't how this was supposed to go. This wasn't how things were supposed to be with us.

"We-we can still be together," I say. "Tons of people have long-distance relationships."

But how long can we last like that? We've only technically been dating for a couple of weeks, and even that has been rocky. Can we really expect to make things work from a thousand miles apart? And how long should we expect to go on like that? Eventually, one or the other of us will have to move-but I doubt I'll be any more willing to leave the Center in the future than I am now. And Calder, if he does well Wentworth Cunninghamw would in his new position, might be working his way up at the company, building a new life for himself-how could I ask him to give that up?

That's even assuming he wants to try the long-distance thing at all. Which he might not.

"This is why you wanted to slow things down," I say.

"It's why I wanted to know if this was real. If there's something deep, something true here."

I press my nails into the dirt. "And what have you concluded?"

His fingers find mine in the dark. "That trying to stay away from you is impossible."

My heart leaps into my throat.

"I don't know where I'll be a month or a year from now," he says. "I don't have the freedom I once had. I suddenly have to think about how I'm going to pay my bills. About what the hell I'm going to be doing with the rest of my life." He sweeps his thumb across the back of my palm.

I'm afraid to ask the next question, but I must.

"If I weren't in the picture, would you take this job?"

His thumb freezes. "It's a good opportunity. And Tim's a good man."

I draw a shaky breath. I'm glad it's too dark for him to see how upset I am.

"I would never, ever want to hold you back from anything," I say softly.

"I know."

I should let him go. I should tell him to accept the job. It's what he wants. It's what he needs. My work at the Center drives me crazy sometimes, but it's the reason I get up every morning. Calder deserves the chance to find his life's work, too, with or without me. It's selfish for me to keep him here. If I truly love him, I need to encourage him to pursue this opportunity.

But this, this thing between him and me, is something important as well. Work can be meaningful, yes, but I don't want to be one of those people who looks up when she's fifty or sixty and realizes that she's spent her entire life at her job.

"We don't have to make any decision right now," he says.

We. He's not ready to give up on us yet.

I lie back on the grass. Calder lies down beside me and weaves his fingers once more through mine.

Please, I pray to the stars. Please let him stay.

I love him too much to ask him that myself.

* * *

I stir sometime just before dawn. Calder and I are still wrapped around each other in the grass, and there's a thin layer of dew on our skin.

"We should go," Calder murmurs into my hair. "I wouldn't want anyone to catch us trespassing."

He helps me up, and I glance back at the house.

"What about..." I don't want to mention the mess he made last night, but it doesn't seem wise to just leave it there.

"Let them come after me if they want," Calder says. "I don't care. They probably have some fancy decorator redoing the whole place anyway."

I start to protest, but he presses his finger against my lips.

"What are they going to do?" he says. "Fingerprint the place? I have the only incriminating piece of evidence here." He reaches into his pocket and pulls out the shard of mirror he was carrying around. "Thought I'd take a souvenir."

I reach out and touch a streak of dried blood on the glass. "I guess they won't find any signs of forced entry. Maybe they'll think they have a ghost."

Calder chuckles. "A ghost. I like that idea." here at Ventine's. Ato10

We head back toward the gate. The first streaks of pale pink light have started to stretch across the sky by the time we reach the gate. We stand there for a moment, looking back at the estate, and Calder bends down and touches the cobblestoned drive before we climb back through the wrought iron.

It's hard to miss the changes in him as we drive away. He seems more relaxed, as if some great weight has been lifted from his shoulders. He's finally decided to allow himself to move on, to embrace the life ahead of him and free himself from the past.

Taking that job would help him too, I think. I should tell him to go, but I can't find the words. I want to tell him I love him. I want to beg him to stay. But how can I ask him to give up his work for me when I won't turn around and do the same for him? The thought of leaving the Center leaves me with a jumble of emotions. It's the only work I've ever wanted to do. I love my job. I'm good at it. But at the same time, it's always been the safe choice. I've never been out on my own, never had to take a leap of faith and face an unknown future.

On the other hand, following Calder would be... reckless. Insane. Thrilling. My heart beats faster at the thought of it. Part of me secretly craves that adventure, just as I crave the company of the man at my side.

But how could I leave Dad like that?

I glance over at Calder, and I can tell he's watching me out of the corner of his eye. I want him to be happy, but I don't want myself to be miserable.

We spend most of the ride back in silence. I know we should talk about things, but I don't think either of us is ready to discuss the future just yet. Better to pretend we're a perfect, carefree couple and hold on to these precious, quiet moments together.

Calder's the first one to cave and speak.

"I don't want to lose this," he says. "I don't want to lose you."

"You won't. Even if we have to go long-distance for a little while."

"A lot of couples think they can make long-distance relationships work, but few actually do."

I don't know what to say to that. Is he trying to tell me gently that he doesn't believe we'll make it? Or is he looking for reassurance? the cobblestoned drive6Npa

"We're not 'a lot' of couples," I say. "Look at us. Look at how we started." I stare out the car window. "Whatever this is between us, it isn't ordinary. I've never experienced anything like it. And I'm not sure I ever will again."

I sense him glance at me, but I keep my eyes on the trees passing by outside.

"I won't take the job," he says.

"Don't make your decision around me. If this job is what you need to do... I could never forgive myself if you gave it up for me."

"It's just a job. There will be others."

He's probably right, but there's no guarantee. And as much as I'd like to convince myself otherwise, this is the perfect opportunity for him. He needs to get away from here, start his new life. Especially if they actually succeed in rezoning the estate property-I can't bear to think of Calder having to witness the throngs of tourists that are bound to show up. He'll only heal by moving forward, by moving away.

"We could make it work," I say. "Even long distance." I force a smile. "I can think of a few fun things we might do over the phone."

The corner of his mouth curls up, but the smile doesn't reach his eyes.

"I appreciate the offer," he says.

The matter is far from settled, but neither of us seems inclined to continue the conversation. We fall quiet again, at least until my stomach starts rumbling.

"I'm the worst date ever, aren't I?" he says. "When was the last time we ate?"

I honestly can't remember. For all my body's insistence, I don't have much of an appetite.

Still, Calder pulls off at the next exit. It's only 10 AM, but there's a little twenty-four hour diner just off of the highway. We've made it back to the edge of town, and he probably should have just taken me back to my apartment, but I'm grateful for the chance to extend our little escape-even if it doesn't feel like much of an escape any more. When we get back, these hypothetical discussions have to become actual decisions.

The diner must have a pretty decent breakfast because the place is packed, even at this hour. I ask Calder to order me a coffee before slipping away to the bathroom.

I'm a mess. A glance in the mirror reveals a headful of tangled hair and dark shadows under my eyes. I do my best to tame my waves into a ponytail, but that only reveals the dark red marks on my neck, signs of our lovemaking yesterday.

When did it become 'lovemaking' instead of 'fucking'?

I want to tell him that I love him. But I know that under the current circumstances it would only look like a desperate, manipulative ploy. Maybe saying "I love you" solves everyone's problems in the movies, but in real life half the time it just screws everything up. I don't want to guilt Calder into staying. If I tell him how I feel and he stays, then I'll never know whether he gave up the job because he returned my feelings or because he was too honorable to leave me after such a confession.

He called you perfect, I remind myself. He called you extraordinary. I've seen the way he looks at me. I've recognized the awe, the devotion. He has feelings for me-strong feelings. I've felt it every time he touches me.

I've seen him on the brink of madness, on the brink of pleasure, and everywhere in between. I've seen him in his power, in his lust, and I've seen him at his weakest and most vulnerable.

He tried to hold back. He knew this job was an amazing chance, and so he attempted to temper his feelings. I don't blame him, just as I don't blame him for testing the true worth of our relationship. At the end of the day, when you take away the sex and the games and the thrill, what do we have? We built our relationship on novelty and pleasure.

But it's more than that to me now. This is more than infatuation or sexual fascination. I love him.

And if I don't tell him, I'll regret it forever.

I splash a bit of water on my face and take a deep breath. Maybe it's selfish to confess my feelings for him right now, but I don't care anymore.

I march back out to the dining room. My stomach is tying itself in knots, but my feet carry me onward. There's no turning back now. I need to te the cobblestoned drive6Npall him or I'm going to burst.

He's sitting at a booth in the corner. There are two cups of coffee on the table in front of him, and he's reading a paper.

I know even before I reach him that something's wrong. He's not just upset about our conversation, no-his hands are curled into fists and his shoulders are rigid. He glances up when he hears me approaching, and something between fury and pain flashes in his eyes.

I stop dead in my tracks. What's going on?

That's when my eyes fall to the paper in front of him. It's not just any paper-it's the latest issue of the Intown Voice. It's open to a picture of me-and not one of the smiling, posed photos Asher took of me in front of the Center. It's a shot of me at my desk, twisting the ends of my hair. Probably taken right before Asher asked me to relax. I look nervous, vulnerable. The perfect victim.

I snatch the paper up from the table. The headlines reads, "Exclusive Interview! One Woman's Sordid Affair with the Cunningham Heir."

No. No no no no no.

My eyes skim across the first few lines: Lily Frazer sits at her desk, nervously steering me away from the questions we both know I'm here to ask. "Sometimes pledges are broken," she tells me, her hands fluttering through her hair, "and we have to make do." She's referring, of course, to the things she did with Calder Cunningham in an attempt to recover the money she and her father need to maintain the Frazer Center for the Arts.

I feel like someone's dumped a bucket of cold water over my head. "This isn't-he didn't..."

"So it's true?" Calder says. "You talked to this fucker?" The accusation in his voice is like a slap across the face.

"It's not what it looks like," I tell him.

"Really? Because it looks like you had a nice long conversation with this guy."

"I did, but not about this-he wanted to do a piece on the Center."

"It certainly doesn't look like you talked about the Center very much."

My eyes skim over the article, and it's even worse than I expected. Asher Julian has pieced together a version of events that's strikingly similar to the truth-except in the way it casts Calder as a villain, a man who would manipulate a desperate girl into sleeping with him for money.

I shake my head. "You know as well as I that these people twist words around to meet their ends."

"Then why did you agree to talk to him at all? You knew this would happen."

"But I didn't know! He said he wanted to do an article on the Center."

"And you believed him?"

"It's a local paper. He said he wanted to highlight us because we're a valuable part of the community. Whenever he asked about you or your family, I told him I didn't know anything."

Calder won't look at me. "So you know he was looking for information on me and you decided to ignore it. Decided it was worth the risk."

I can't believe this.

"I didn't realize I was risking anything at the time!" I say. "The Center needed the exposure. He said our story was an inspiration. How was I supposed to know he'd go poking around behind my back?" I look at him. "You don't really believe I'd betray you like that, do you?"

He's silent for too long.

"Calder?"

He rubs his face. "I don't think you intended to make things any worse for me. At the end of the day, you did what was best for the Center. You're sure to get a lot of attention for a story like this."

"You say that like I wanted this to happen."

He reaches out and touches my cheek, but the gesture is cold. here at Ventine's. Ato10

"You want what's best for the Center," he says. "You've always been honest about that, and I wouldn't ask you to change your priorities for me."

I jerk away from him. "I don't believe it. You do think I did this on purpose. Why don't you trust me?"

"So we're back to that, are we? Trust?" His eyes are completely devoid of emotion. "The truth is, neither of us has a reason to expect the other to give up anything. We're just two people who came together at a weak point, two people who used each other as an escape."

"No. Not this shit again." My voice is going up once more, but I don't care if the other diners can hear me. "You can tell me that this doesn't mean anything, but I know better. I. Know. Better."

Calder's glancing around nervously at the other patrons, trying to shush me.

"Maybe we should discuss this outside," he says.

"Why? Worried that will only perpetuate the story of you screwing me over?" I shake the paper at him.

"Is that what you want? To be splashed all over the tabloids next to me?"

"I did one interview. Because my dad asked me to. Because it would help the Center. You think this is what I wanted? To have our programs overshadowed by some stupid rumors?"

Calder takes the paper from my hand and looks down at the article.

"He knows about the Ludlam painting," he says. "He says it was sent to keep you quiet on the matter of the affair."

"I didn't tell him anything about the painting. He showed up shortly after it arrived, but I never said a word to him or my dad about who sent it. I didn't tell him anything, I promise."

"You told him everything, whether you meant to or not. You shouldn't have indulged him at all, if your purpose was to highlight the Center." His eyes are like two chips of slate. "Were you ever going to tell me? OLet's keep playingit10r did you just assume that I'd never see this?"

"I didn't think there was anything to tell you about."

"No, you didn't think!" His words echo across a restaurant that's fallen completely silent.

Calder at least has the decency to look a little shamefaced.

"Come on," he says, reaching into his wallet and tossing a ten down on the table. "Let's get out of here."

He strides out of the restaurant, and I follow. I can feel the eyes of the other patrons burning into me as I walk out through the door.

My gut is twisted in knots. I stare at his back as he marches across the parking lot, ten paces ahead of me. Why do things always come to this?

"I can't do this," I hear myself say.

He stops. It takes him a moment to turn around.

"I can't stand this constant fighting and making up," I say. "One minute everything's perfect, and the next you push me away. You act like I'm the most important thing in the world to you, and then you turn around and act like this is all some huge mistake. And there's always a different excuse. One day you tell me that I deserve better, that you're only using me as a distraction, and the next you act like I've committed the ultimate betrayal because I was taken in by some sleazy two-faced journalist. I can't do it."

"And what, exactly, do you mean by that?"

I'm not sure I know myself. Is this how it will always be-fighting and making up, coming together only to realize a short time later that there are still a hundred things between us? Do we cling to this, tell ourselves our passion will win out? Or do we admit to ourselves that we're fighting a losing battle?

He takes my hesitation in the worst possible way.

"I suppose it's my fault, isn't it? You said it yourself-I always have a new excuse. Yes, I'm angry that you did this interview. And I was angry last night, when you asked me whether the rumors are true. But you know what? I think I have a right to be upset. This whole time, I thought you were the one person who understood me. The one person who was on my side. You were supposed to be on my side!" He shouts the last two words.

"How am I the cobblestoned drive6Npa supposed to understand you when you keep secrets from me? When you don't tell me about things like the fact that you're considering a job a thousand miles away?"

"You didn't tell me that some guy was coming around the Center asking questions about me."

"That's completely different. You were already so overwhelmed by everything. I thought it might push you over the edge-"

"So now I'm unstable on top of everything else?" He shakes his head. "What are we doing, Lily?"

I don't know. God, I wish I knew.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

He's going to take the job.

He calls to tell me only a few hours after he drops me off at my apartment. I know what he's going to say even before he speaks the words aloud. He tells me that Tim Renley wants him to start as soon as possible. He's flying out this week.

I'm in a fog the next day at work. I keep replaying our last argument over and over again in my head. I try to live out different scenarios in my mind, but they all seem to end the same way.

Maybe this was the right decision for both of us. He needs to find himself, and I need to focus on the Center. Even before I knew about his job offer, things were rocky. What we had was like an insane sexual fantasy, but deep down we both must have known that we would never work in the real world-we just never wanted to admit it to ourselves.

But the truth comes out, one way or another.

And I can never seem to catch a break.

My dad storms into my office at exactly 8:32 AM, and he looks positively murderous.

"Have you seen this?" he demands, throwing a copy of Intown Voice down on my desk. "Our friend Asher Julian sent a whole stack of them over." here at Ventine's. As l'll

I never even had a chance to look at the cover back at the diner, but there it is, my face staring back at me beneath the headline, "VICTIMS OF THE CUNNINGHAMS: A Story of Desperation and Dirty Deeds."

"Mr. Julian seems to believe that you were having some sort of-of love affair with Calder Cunningham," my dad sputters. "It's rubbish. I can't believe he'd make up such a scandal to push a few extra copies. I thought Intown Voice was a respectful publication."

It would be easy for me to nod and play along with his outrage. After all, Asher Julian manipulated me. But I'm too emotionally exhausted to keep up the walls any longer. There's no point in lying now.

"Actually, Dad, I need to tell you something."

I keep it vague, of course. I tell him only what he needs to know: that I tried to convince Calder to give us the money his father had promised us, that I developed feelings for him, that he and I have been secretly dating these past few weeks. My dad's eyes go wide when I begin my story, and by the end he's practically purple.

But he doesn't shout. No, that's what makes it so horrible. He looks at me and asks in a strained voice, "So what the story says is true?"

"Yes," I say. "I mean-no, not exactly as the article says it. He didn't trick me into anything or take advantage of me. I'm not a victim."

"You were in a very vulnerable position-"

"Dad. Do you seriously not trust me to take care of myself?"

"It's not you I don't trust. It's him. That smarmy, worthless-"

"He's not like that," I insist, standing. "I know how the tabloids make him look, but he's a good man. He's strapped for money and still he sent me a friggin' Ludlam for freak's sake."

I watch the truth about the L't reach his eyes.

udlam's previous owner sink in.

"Men will buy you all sorts of things, honey," he says, "but that doesn't mean you have to give them whatever they want."

"I never gave him anything I didn't want to give."

Ugh, this is not the conversation I want to be having with my dad right now.

"Not that it even matters," I say quickly. "It's over. He's moving to New York, and I'll probably never see him again."

That calms my dad down a little. He turns a more natural shade of pink.

"I'm sorry, honey," he says stiffly. "But sometimes these things happen for a reason. Whatever went on between you and Calder Cunningham-did you really expect it to last? After how he treated us?"

He did the best he could, I think. You have no idea what he's been dealing with. But I don't say it out loud. There's no point in arguing it now. Not when it hurts so much just to think of him.

"Mr. Julian seems to think that we'll get some extra attention by playing on people's sympathy," I say, unable to keep the edge of bitterness from my voice. "He certainly did a good job of making me look sympathetic." More like plain old pathetic, but I keep that thought to myself.

"But at what cost? I hate that he's cast you in the middle of all this nonsense."

"Well, I was in the middle. Or at least on the periphery."

"Still." He reaches out and places his hand over mine on the desk. Most of his anger has dissipated for the moment in the wake of Over-Protective Dad Mode. "I don't care how much something helps the Center if it comes at some great cost to you."

"It's a little late this time," I say. "Asher got his cover story, and chances are this will be picked up by some larger outlets soon. We might as well make the best of the situation." I sink back down in my chair and turn to my computer. "We should prepare some press packets. I imagine our phones are going to be ringing off the hook this week." his hand through his hair. to10

"Are you sure, sweetheart?"

"Yes," I say, giving him the best smile I can muster under the circumstances. "We need to make sure that we come out of this looking capable and resourceful. We need to prepare blanket responses for the big questions we're likely to hear. Figure out a general game plan about how we're going to shift the focus to our programs and all the things we're doing for the community. Show them the success story, not the scandal."

Dad nods, but he still looks at least moderately unconvinced.

"Are you sure you're all right?" he says. "If you need to take a half day-"

"I'm fine, I promise," I say, "I need-I need to do something. I need to be productive."

He nods. "I'll get to work on some press packets." He turns to go but pauses at the door. "I love you, honey."

"Love you too, Dad."

I collapse against my chair as soon as he's out of sight. It's not even nine o'clock and already I feel completely drained. And there are a thousand things to do to prepare for the onslaught I suspect we're about to encounter.

He's left the copy of Intown Voice on my desk. I know I should throw it away, but I can't help staring back down at my picture. The image they selected for the cover is even worse than the one accompanying the article inside. How many awkward candid shots did Asher capture of me? I look desperate, anxious, weak. Why couldn't they have chosen the one he took of me standing proudly in front of the wall of our students' art in the gallery?

A Story of Desperation and Dirty Deeds, it says. I flip open to the article. I only skimmed it back at the diner, but now I allow myself to read every single word.

At first, I assumed Asher just made some lucky guesses about my interaction with Calder, but now that I read more closely, I realize that he was quite busy behind the scenes. He's the first one to identify me as the woman in the paparazzi photos from my date with Calder at the park. He mentions that he discovered the truth about the Ludlam painting by researching auction records. His knowledge of my secret takes me a moment to" to make trip out to the Cunningham estate a few months ago came from a "well-respected source" who "chose to remain anonymous" because of his acquaintance with me.

If that's not Garrett, I'll eat my own foot.

Maybe Asher reached out to my ex after his name came up during our interview. Or maybe Asher's disgust with Garrett was all a ruse-maybe they knew each other all along. It doesn't matter where the truth lies. Either way, the effects are the same. Asher got his cover story, Garrett got some revenge, and Calder is gone.

If I see any of them again, they're dead.

A story of desperation and dirty deeds. It makes me sick to think that this is the legacy of my time with Calder. I spent the last few weeks trying to convince myself that what he and I had was something special, something meaningful. Something that comes along once in a lifetime, if that. But maybe I was right when I told myself our entire relationship was like a vivid dream. It was intoxicating, exhilarating, and more intense than anything I've ever experienced-but ultimately insubstantial. It's time to wake up, and before long my time with Calder will fade into memory like every other creation of my desperate subconscious.

I don't realize I'm crying until the teardrop hits the paper. I sniffle and wipe my cheek.

Look at me. I'm a wreck.

I need to pull myself together. I need to prepare for the media circus that is sure to show up at our doors. But I can't bring myself to look back at my computer. I can't tear my eyes from the paper lying on my desk.

I grab it. Rip off the cover. Flip to the article and pull out every page, one by one. And when I'm certain I've removed every mention of myself or Calder or the Center from the weekly, I begin to shred them, tearing them into tiny little pieces.

There are bits of paper everywhere. I sweep my hand across my desk, scattering the scraps across the office.

I get up and shut my office door, hoping Dad gets the hint and leaves me to myself for a while. And then I slide down against the wall until I'm sitting on the floor.

The tears come hard and fast.

This wasn't supposed to end like this. I love him. God, I love him.

Part of me wants to call him, to tell him how I feel, to beg him to stay. But it's precisely because I love him that I can't do that. He needs to find his way in this world, and I won't do anything to hold him back.

I just wish it had ended differently. I wish my last image of him wasn't the stony-faced farewell he gave me when he dropped me off at my apartment yesterday. What we had deserves more than that.

He understood me-he saw things that even I didn't know about myself. He brought out a wild, wicked side of me that I normally keep hidden away. He saw the fear and the pain inside of me and drew me up and away from it.

I thought I understood him, too. I still do, I think. He's a proud man-but a good one. He hates to ask for help, even when he needs it. He's essentially starting over in his life, and he needs to know that he can take care of himself, solve his own problems. I wanted-want-to be his support system, but he doesn't realize that it's not a weakness to allow others to share his burden.

Knowing that doesn't make this situation any easier. If anything, it makes me feel worse.

There's a stabbing pain in the side of my stomach, and I curse myself for being so melodramatic. I'm a grown woman with a thousand things to do, and I'm sitting here on the floor sobbing over a man I only officially dated for a few short weeks.

A few short, amazing weeks.

I force that thought from my mind and drag myself to my feet. Wallowing in self-pity won't accomplish anything. I need to get my shit together before the reporters start showing up on our doorstep. Blubbering is not going to help the Center.

I dab at my eyes with my sleeve. One way or another, I need to get through this, and I have a feeling deep in the pit of my stomach that if I'm not careful, things are going to get a lot worse before they get better.

* * *

They come in droves.

The bolder ones walk right into the Center and ask for Wentworth Cunningham" to make interviews and sound bites. The sneakier ones wait by my car. Or outside my apartment. I thought I was ready for the onslaught of photographers and reporters, but I'm not. Not even close.

They call at all hours. My carefully-prepared answers are flimsy against the men and women who've built careers on their ability to wheedle secrets out of people. I thought that giving them basic information about the situation here at the Center would be the best course of action-that it would make us look friendly and cooperative, like we have nothing to hide. But engaging those leeches at all only seems to make them hungrier. It gets to the point where I'm afraid to answer the phones, and I'd happily ignore the constant ringing if it weren't for our clients and students. Some of the sneakier journalists have even managed to get my cell number, and I have to start blocking every unknown call that shows up on my screen.

We've had to push our classes back a week. I hate to do it, but it's just too much on top of all this insanity.

I get by by reminding myself that we're getting tons of free publicity. We've already had a few people contact us about donating, and Morgan claims she saw a fundraising campaign online. I've been avoiding the internet completely. The pictures that were taken in the parking lot the day Calder and I made our escape to his estate have been making the rounds on all the major gossip sites. I never realized how much information I had on the web until people were suddenly eager to find it-now personal details of my life are being reposted everywhere. People are writing comments about my clothes, my weight, my hair. Strangers have started contacting me at all of my social media accounts-some offering sympathy, others calling me a slut.

Oddly enough, the only place I've found that seems to treat the entire Cunningham situation with any sort of sense is the site where Garrett contributes. Granted, they were never the sort of publication that posted gossip; they value facts over speculation and scandal. But I'm still a little shocked to see that they've posted several pieces on the situation, breaking down the likeliest financial scenarios point by point. They're the first source I've seen to strongly suggest that there was no foul play or illegal activity involved in the family's downfall.

Garrett is listed as a contributing writer on one of the pieces, which under different circumstances I'd find highly amusing. Instead, it just reminds me of the horrible decisions I've made concerning men.

Asher Julian calls on Wednesday. I hang up as soon as I hear his voice. Why do I seem to attract all the asshole journalists?

The entire week feels designed to keep me too preoccupied to think about Calder-while at the same time ensuring that I'm reminded of our brief, passionate affair at every turn. The only thing keeping me from going completely insane is Morgan, who shows up at my office every day as we make our way gsh with coffee and a giant cookie. She's asked me more than once if I want to talk about how things ended between me and Calder, but I was never the sort of girl who cried about men to her girlfriends, even when I had more than just the one.

I much prefer to cry into a bottle of whiskey by myself every night.

I'm already thinking about that whiskey when I pull into my apartment's parking lot Thursday evening. I'm exhausted, both physically and emotionally, and I'm considering treating myself to a bath as well.

I glance around for reporters as I get out of my car. A few of them have been coming by here, but most have realized that, outside of my fling with Calder, I live a pretty unremarkable life. Plus I'm significantly more likely to answer their questions over at the Center. Those that believe it's okay to harass me at home don't even get the time of day.

The coast looks clear tonight. I lock up my car and head over to the stairs. I'm halfway up the first flight when the man comes out of the shadows and shoves a digital recorder in my face.

"Ms. Frazer, just a few questions."

"No," I tell him, brushing past.

He follows me. "I'll be quick, Ms. Frazer, I promise! Tell me, what is the current state of your relationship with Calder Cunningham?"

I ignore him. Usually they get the hint.

But the man continues his pursuit. "Did he take advantage of your desperation? Did he promise you anything in exchange for sex?"

This guy's even worse than the usual bunch. He makes my stomach turn. Thank God I'm almost to my floor.

"Did he make you beg for it?" he asks my back. "Or did he just pay for it outright?"

That's it. I spin around and face him. He's a smallish man with a red beard and squinty eyes that make my skin crawl.

"I'm not going to answer any of your questions. Now leave me alone or I'll call the cops."

"Oh, come on, slut. I thought you wanted the attention." Wentworth Cunningham" to make

The next few moments are a blur.

Something inside of me snaps. My hand darts out, and I don't know whether I'm trying to push him away or smack him upside the head, but I knock the digital recorder from his hand. It flies from his fingers, soaring over the side of the stairway and shattering against the concrete of the parking lot below.

"You bitch!" he screams. Before I even have the chance to throw up an arm in self-defense, his fist flies at my face.

I don't remember the impact. But I remember white lights flaring across my vision, and after that the sensation of falling-down, down, down, until suddenly the white lights were gone and my entire world was darkness.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

If I thought the Center might benefit from the sympathetic press we've received since the Intown Voice story went live-well, it's nothing compared to the attention and support coming our way now that I'm in the hospital. If I'd have known, I might have let myself get pushed down a flight of stairs even sooner.

Dad tells me I have a mild concussion. I also had to get a total of twenty stitches: eleven on my scalp, five on my arm, and four on my cheek. I broke two fingers on my right hand and cracked my radius on the same arm.

In other words, I'm pretty damn busted up.

I've never been in the hospital before. And I never thought that my first trip would end up making the news. But when you're the ex-lover of an ex-billionaire and you were attacked by a reporter, well, people apparently pay attention to these things. My room has been flooded with flowers, mostly from people I don't even know, and according to Dad money has been pouring in. Now there's no way I can refute Asher's words-people love a victim.

In a way, I know it's probably a good thing for me, being forced to take some time off. But I'm not used to lying around in bed all day. They release me from the hospital two days after the accident, but the doctor has ordered that I take it easy for a while. Dad's insisting that I stay with him while I heal, and he's determined to keep me on bed rest for as long as possible. He claims that he has everything under control at Wentworth Cunninghaman0.00% 0.at the Center, but I can see the circles beneath his eyes and I know better.

"Think of it as a mini vacation," Morgan tells me. She's been stopping by every other day, bringing me food when Dad has to work late and bringing me the gifts and flowers that have been showing up at the Center.

"I don't want a vacation," I tell her. "I need to do something."

"You've done plenty. Do you want me to bring over some books? Maybe one of those giant jigsaw puzzles that takes a week to finish?"

I shake my head. Books and games are only temporary, superficial distractions. They might preoccupy me for a while, but they won't make this restlessness go away.

"Look at these," Morgan says, holding up the latest bouquet. "I think these are my favorite so far."

It is an especially beautiful bunch-baby's breath and soft pink tea roses.

"What do you think?" she asks, snatching up the card. "Perv or no?"

It's a game we've been playing, she and I. The vast majority of gifts coming in each day offer sympathy and support, sometimes even a little bit of money. But there are always a couple that offer, er, other services-or at least profess some sort of affection. I've even had a few strangers propose marriage to me. I imagine there are a number of incoming letters and emails calling me a slut, too, but either my dad or Morgan makes sure I never see those. It's a very strange sort of attention, and I'm not sure how to handle it, but Morgan and I have decided to have a little fun with the situation.

I tilt my head and study the bouquet.

"It looks like something a woman would choose," I say. "It doesn't really say 'perv' to me."

"Are you kidding me? People don't send roses unless they're trying to get into your pants. And you could always have a female admirer, you know."

"I've made my guess. Let's hear it."

Morgan tugs the card from the little envelope.">'m saved from hav"Dear Lily," she reads. "You don't know me, and I only know you through the news. But your story has touched me. You've touched me. You are the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, inside and out, and I'd love the chance to get to know you better. Best wishes, Sam."

She looks up at me. "This one actually sounds really sweet. And he's included his email address and phone number. It looks like he's local."

"He's still a complete stranger. A stranger who probably thinks I'm willing to sleep around to save the Center."

"Aw, but he doesn't sound like a perv." She grins at me. "There's no harm in sending an email to thank him."

"Are you seriously trying to set me up with some random guy?"

"Why not? It might be fun. It'll take your mind off of things, at least."

By "things," of course, she means Calder. But I'm not ready to be thinking about other guys.

There's been no word from him. I know I have no right to expect any contact, not after how things ended. We broke up, after all, and everyone knows that the best way to handle a split is with a clean break-no calls, no emails, no check-ins of any kind. It's the right thing for both of us, if we're each going to move on. Besides, he's probably extremely busy getting settled in his new apartment and new position.

Morgan seems to read my mind.

"I don't care how things ended between you two," she says matter-of-factly. "He should have sent something. It's his fault you ended up like this in the first place."

"He didn't push me down the stairs."

"He might as well have. He's the reason all those reporters have been hounding you. And don't defend him! You'll feel a lot better if you bash him a little."

I give a small smile at Morgan's logic, but it doesn't make me feel any better.

"There's nothing to bash," I tell her, readjusting my sling. "I'd rather m">'m saved from hav"Not allowed. And if you refuse to do it, then I will. He should never have left you. He should be here, fighting off all those reporters who've been harassing you. At the very least, he should have sent some acknowledgment of what happened. Geez, Lily, you were in the hospital!"

"Look, I understand what you're doing, but can we talk about something else? How are your classes going?"

Morgan raises her eyebrow. "All right, I get it. This doesn't mean he's off the hook, though."

She's right, of course, but I can't bring myself to blame him for anything. I'm doing my best to forget Calder, but that's difficult when I'm stuck at home all day with nothing to do.

A week passes, and my dad still won't let me go back to work. I try hijacking the laptop he keeps at home, but he refuses to give me his password. One day I actually drive over to the Center, but Dad marches me right back out. After that my keys mysteriously disappear. I can't decide whether Dad or Morgan took them, but neither will even fess up, let alone return them to me. I try to read the books Morgan brings me, but my mind keeps wandering. Instead, I start taking long walks around my Dad's neighborhood. I need to keep myself busy or I'll go completely crazy. Sometimes the exercise seems to clear my head. Other times I find my thoughts drifting back to Calder, and it takes all of my strength to keep from pulling my cell phone out of my pocket and calling him. I refuse to be one of those girls. I end up deleting his number from my phone so I'm not even tempted.

By the second week, most of the reporters have backed off. Partially, I'm sure, because of the charges we're bringing against the man who pushed me, but mostly because my role in this entire situation is old news by now. That's how these things work: you just have to ride out the storm and trust that some newer, shinier scandal will rear its ugly head eventually. Calder's in another state, our relationship is over, and no one's found any proof that there was anything shady about our brief affair. The gossip sites and magazines have moved on.

The Center still has money coming in, but the flow has slowed down. And I still receive the occasional gift. On this particular day, Morgan brings me a bouquet of gorgeous milk-white calla lilies.

My breath catches in my throat. They remind me of the flowers Calder got me on my first date. I quickly look down at the bag of chips in my hand so that Morgan doesn't notice my emotional reaction to a bunch of stupid flowers.

"Perv or not?" Morgan asks as she sets the vase on the counter. to let me goit10

I shove a handful of chips into my mouth, buying myself a little time.

Pull yourself together. It's just some flowers.

I force myself to take another look at the bouquet.

"I'm thinking they're a sympathy gift," Morgan chirps. "They're too elegant for a perv."

"No," I say softly. "I think they're something more."

"You think Sam from Barberville has decided to bump things up a notch?" she teases.

"I hope not. The last thing I need right now is some sort of stalker."

Morgan laughs as she grabs the card. Her eyes skim over the message.

"Well?" I prompt. "What does it say?"

She clears her throat and reads. "Some lilies for the lovely Lily. I am very sorry to hear of your misfortune. I know you can have little love for me right now, but I hope that in the future we might be friends. Best wishes, Asher."

I stare at the flowers. Seriously? SERIOUSLY? If anyone is at fault for this mess, it's Asher Julian. I can't believe he had the nerve to send these. I still can't believe I was stupid enough to trust him, even a little bit.

"What an ass," Morgan says, tossing the card in the trash.

I grab the flowers and toss them in, too. My eyes have started to burn, but I'm too pissed to cry.

I should just channel all of my anger toward Asher Julian, but the truth is that I'm angry with myself. Angry for letting myself hope, even for a moment, that Calder had sent these flowers. Angry at myself for clinging to the idea of a relationship that's over.

Angry at myself for shifting the blame to Asher. He might be dishonest and underhanded, but his article didn't cause me and Calder to break up. It only brought out the fears and uncertainties that already existed between us. We never learned to trust all the details." somethingpa each other.

"Are you okay?" I hear Morgan ask.

I nod. "I have a bit of a headache, that's all. I think I'm going to call it an early night."

But in spite of my intentions, I lie awake for a long time after I've gone to bed.

* * *

I finally convince my dad to let me go back to work later that week. It helps, being busy again. It keeps me feeling productive, not pathetic-a bit like my normal self once more.

I'm relieved to see that the Center hasn't exploded in my absence, and that in fact, this class cycle is off to a wonderful start with a record number of students. Even Gina Billings, the woman who was determined to ruin us in the eyes of our donors, seems to have given up her crusade.

Which is why, when I hear my dad begin to yell on Thursday afternoon, I know something is very wrong. Dad rarely loses his temper, and he never yells at clients or donors. I've heard him get stern with a couple of reporters who were pushier than usual, but nothing like this.

"Out!" Dad shouts. "Get out of here, now!"

He's not in his office. The raised voices are coming from down the hallway. I break into a run, racing back to the lobby. I'm ready to take out whoever's upset my dad, but when I turn the corner, I stop dead in my tracks.

He's here.

I don't know who I was expecting when I entered the lobby, but it wasn't Calder. And yet here he is, looking worn and exhausted and miserable, and he's still the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. My heart nearly stops beating.

He's arguing with my dad, but he falls silent the moment he sees me. His eyes widen at the sight of me, and I don't miss the way they sweep over my body or the way his gaze lingers on my broken arm.

My dad, noticing the sudden silence, stops waving his arms and looks over at me. His face is fuchsia, and his eyebrows twitch as he tries to calm himself.

"I told him he needs to go the cobblestoned drive wsh," he tells me. "He's not welcome here."

I glance back at Calder. He's still staring at me, his gaze so intense that it makes a shiver run up and down my spine. It's like he's forgotten my dad is even here, now that he's seen me.

My own emotions war in my chest. I'm frozen in place, stuck somewhere between shock and joy and confusion, but it's the anger that wins out.

"What are you doing here, Calder?" I say, my voice cold. I can't do this. Not again. Not after everything we've been through. Not when I've told myself it's time to move on.

But if Calder's offended by my tone, he doesn't show it.

"I came here to see you," he says. His voice is rough, ragged.

"Well, you've seen her," my dad says. "Now leave."

But Calder shakes his head. "I'm not going anywhere."

"Yes, you are." My dad steps toward Calder again. "You're leaving right this minute, or I'm calling the police."

"Not until you listen to me," Calder says. "Not until Lily hears me out."

By now, I'm not the only one to have heard the yelling. Several of the teachers and other staff members have appeared and are watching the spectacle with varying degrees of curiosity and bewilderment.

But Dad either doesn't notice our audience or doesn't care. He's in a fury.

"How dare you show up here after what you've done to this place. After what you've done to my daughter." He looks like he's ready to sock Calder.

I run over and grab him with my good arm. "Dad. Dad, calm down."

"No," he says. "No-I'm tired of letting people like him walk all over people like us." his face in my hairto10

Calder is trying to argue, and I can tell he's getting increasingly angry.

But Dad has held this in for too long.

"I don't care about your excuses!" he says. "I don't care what sort of mess your family got itself into. You promised us that money, and then you turned around and took advantage of Lily-"

"He didn't take advantage of me," I say, at the same time Calder insists, "I didn't take advantage of her."

"-and then you waltz in here like you haven't screwed us every way to Sunday. What, want to get another few kicks in while we're down?"

"Of course not, sir," Calder says. "If you'd-"

"Have you seen what that man did to Lily? Have you seen it? This is your fault! Your fault she was hurt!"

Calder is furious. "You think I don't know that?"

"Then why are you here?" Dad pokes Calder in the chest for emphasis. "Why. Did. You. Come. Here?"

"Because I love her!"

A hush falls over the room. Calder's words hang in the air, and even my dad stumbles back a step. I can't breathe.

I raise my gaze to Calder's. He's looking at me with such emotion that it feels like the room is spinning around us.

"I love you," he says, to only me this time.

My blood is rushing in my ears. I'm vaguely aware of my dad between us, of the other staff members gathered around the room, but none of them matter, not right now.

It's too late.

"What are you doing?" I ask, shaking my head. "You can't do this to me." Wentworth Cunningham. to make

Calder looks startled. It isn't what he expected me to say. It's not what I meant to say, either, but suddenly all of my emotions come bubbling up.

"It's just the same thing over and over again," I say. "We hit a bump and instead of working through it together, you push me away. How long is this going to go on? What, you think because you tell me you love me that all of our problems will go away? That you can just say the magic words and we'll pick up where we left off as if none of this happened?"

Calder tries to move toward me, but my dad is still in the way.

"Lily-"

"No," I say. "I've spent these last few weeks trying to heal. Telling myself that this was better for you, telling myself that I was stupid for missing you. But you know what's stupid? Putting myself through the same thing time and again. I can't deal with the emotional whiplash."

"Lily, if you'd just let me-"

"I want you to leave."

The room is dead silent. I can feel a dozen pairs of eyes watching, waiting, and for a long moment, no one moves. I don't even breathe.

Calder's gaze burns right through me. He looks by turns stricken, angry, distraught-and then his eyes cloud over, and he gives a single nod.

"All right," he says. "If that's what you want."

He turns and leaves without another word.

The next few minutes occur in a haze. I'm dimly aware of the other staff members silently dispersing, of my dad's hand on my arm, of Morgan's concerned gaze. I wave them off and go back to my office.

I'm still angry. I've given Calder enough chances. I've given him enough of my heart. I was starting to heal, and he had to show up and send my emotions into a whirlwind again.

I did the right thing.

I repeat those words to myself over and over again. We're both too volatile; we both need different things right now. I can think of a hu his face in my hairto10ndred reasons we'll never work.

I did the right thing.

I can't be with a man who cares so little for my feelings, who tells me he needs me one minute and casts me aside the next. I care too deeply, too strongly, to trust my emotions to someone so changeable.

I did the right thing.

I know that I'm not completely without blame. I've fucked up enough myself over the course of this relationship. But that's just another reason why we're better off apart.

I did the right thing.

But no matter how many times I think it, those words do nothing to ease the ache in my heart.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Two days later, I get another delivery at work. It's calla lilies again-amethyst this time. I almost throw them away without reading the accompanying message. But curiosity or madness overtakes me, and I find myself reaching for the card. It's not what I'm anticipating at all.

Truth or dare? One for each of us.

I'll take Truth: The truth is, I'm an ass.

You get Dare: I dare you to come and find me.

I stare at the words for a full minute. Is he serious? He expects me to keep playing? He wants me to go looking for him? After everything?

But each time I reread the message, I feel myself weakening. Who am I kidding? I miss him. I want him. I'm still pissed, but that doesn't mean I love him any less.

No-I need to be strong. I throw the card into the garbage and force myself to get back to work. Wentworth Cunninghamt" aid=" certainly

Forget about him. You need to move on.

Try as I might, though, my attention keeps drifting back to that little piece of cardstock. After ten frustrating minutes, I finally sigh and reach down to grab the card out of the trash can. That's when I notice the words on the back.

If you refuse to play, you forfeit.

I can't help it; those words bring a smile to my face. I don't know what I'm doing, but I flip the card over and read the original message again.

I dare you to come and find me.

What the heck does that mean? Where is he? I turn the card over again, looking for some clue, but I come up empty. I assumed he went back to New York after I sent him away. Does he want me to hop on a plane and fly up to the city? He knows I can't afford that.

I look up at the flowers. They're exactly like the ones he brought me on our first date. Maybe that's the clue. Maybe he's at Ventine's.

It's the only idea I have, so I grab my purse and jacket. I poke my head into my dad's office on my way out.

"I'm leaving a little early today," I tell him. "Is that okay?"

"Of course, of course." He's been treading very lightly around me these past few days. Between the accident and that scene with Calder, I think he believes I'm on the verge of some huge mental breakdown.

I wave goodbye, but he speaks as I turn away.

"I only want what's best for you, you know," he says. "I want you to be happy."

It's a strange thing for him to say out of the blue, but I smile.

"I know, Dad. Love you."

"Love you, too," he calls after me.

A minute later, I'm in my car, heading toward the place where Calder and I took our first steps toward a real relationship. The place where I sat next to him over one of Martin's lavish meals and prayed the fairy tale would never end.

I don't know what to expect now. I don't know what I want to happen when I see him. I should refuse to play this little game. It would be the smart thing to do. The safe thing.

But when have I ever listened to the rational part of my brain?

Driving with a cast on one arm is a bit of an adventure, but I make it across town in record time. I look for Calder's car as I pull into the parking lot at Ventine's, but I can't see much past the valet's stand. I toss my keys at the startled attendant and run inside.

Calder isn't in the lobby, and I don't see him at the bar or any of the tables, either. I walk up to the maitre d'.

"I'm supposed to be meeting Calder Cunningham here," I say.

The man's face lights up. "Ah, yes. Mr. Cunningham left something for you."

Left something? He's not here?

The maitre d' grabs something from behind his stand and passes it over to me. It's a purple calla lily with another note wrapped around the stem.

I step back outside and uncurl the little piece of paper. Once more, I'm greeted by Calder's scrawl.

On the right track, but you aren't there yet!

Truth: On our first date, I told you I couldn't believe how lucky I was to be sitting next to you. It's still true. I'm the luckiest man in the world to have spent even that much time with you.

Dare: I dare you to believe me when I say I'm sorry. Sorry for leading you on. Sorry for pushing you away. Sorry for not trusting you enough to share my struggles with you.

If you choose to believe, I dare you to keep and againit10 looking for me.

My stomach flip-flops. He shouldn't say things like this. He shouldn't give me hope. I can't handle another heartbreak.

And if he's not here, where is he?

I reread the note. Someone really needs to teach Calder to write better clues. This doesn't tell me anything.

Except that my initial instinct was right. He knew I'd show up here at Ventine's. At least I'm on the right track.

Our second date was at the park, so I head there next. I don't notice anything unusual in the parking lot, but if he's here, I know where he'll be.

I follow the path through the trees down to the lake. The dilapidated rowboat is still where we left it. I bend and use my good arm to lift the side, sneaking a peek beneath the weathered hull. There's another calla lily and another note.

Getting closer. Maybe home is where the heart is?

Truth: On our second date we hid under a boat, and that's when I learned that in spite of all my protests, I would never have the strength of will to keep from touching you. When I lie alone at night, my body aches for yours. I wish I could tell you how many sleepless nights I've spent yearning for your touch.

Dare: I dare you to forgive me. I dare you to look past my stupidity and selfishness and see the man who needs you.

I dare you to continue the game.

My hands shake as I fold up the note. I try to hold on to my anger, to remind myself of why Calder and I shouldn't be together, but it's a losing battle. The rational part of my brain is telling me to stop right now, to turn around and drive home before I get in over my head again, but nothing will stop me from continuing this game.

Maybe home is where the heart is? the note said. Our third date was at Calder's apartment. I imagine he broke the lease when he moved up to New York, but I don't know where else to go, so I drive over to his complex.

The third lily rests on the doorstep of his old residence. I give a tentative knock at the door, but no one answers, and when I peek through the window, I see that the place is empty. He's not here. I open the note.

No one lives here anymore. Where do you feel at home?

Truth: The only time I felt at home in this apartment was when you were here with me, on our third date. The only time I've felt at home anywhere since I sold the estate was by your side. In your arms.

Dare: I dare you to trust me. I dare you to believe that I would never intentionally hurt you, that the lies I've told and the poor choices I've made were done out of a misguided attempt to protect you from the worst parts of me.

You don't need that protection. You need me to trust you, too.

I dare you to give me the chance to prove that trust to you.

His words warm me from my toes to my ears. He trusts me. He wants to earn my trust, too. It's like he's seen the very core of my fears and is doing everything in his power to chase them away.

I need to see him. I need to hear his voice and feel his skin beneath my hands.

Our last "date," if you can call it that, began at my apartment. I speed the entire way there.

Once more, I find the lily and note on the doorstep.

Truth: The night I showed up at your apartment was the night I realized the true depth of my feelings for you. When you called me, I thought something terrible had happened, and it was as if my entire world came to a halt. You've changed me forever, Lily, and that was the night ">I start to protest, but he Dare: I dare you to love me. It's selfish of me, I know, but your love is the only thing I truly want in this world.

I dare you to meet me where it all began-back at the gallery.

There are tears in my eyes, but I don't bother trying to hold them back.

I brush the back of my hand against my cheeks as I head back to my car. Our next "date" of sorts was our mini-escape up to the Cunningham estate. It's a bit of a drive, but I'd travel across the world to see Calder right now.

One thing niggles at me, though. Calder and I definitely shared a very intimate experience in the gallery at his estate, but even though that was the first time I allowed him to touch me, I don't consider that to be where everything began. In fact, by Calder's own account he'd noticed me months before, at the Center's Arts and Hearts fundraiser.

Which, I remember suddenly, took place in the Frazer Center's gallery.

I pull a U-turn at the next light and race back to the Center.

It's late by the time I pull into the parking lot. Dad's car is missing, so it looks like he's already gone for the day, but I spot Calder's silver sedan right next to the door. I park next to him and run inside.

"Calder?" I race down the hallway and back into the gallery.

He's facing away from me, looking at some piece on the wall, but he turns when he hears me and his entire face lights up. My chest aches at the sight of him. He crosses the room to my side in a matter of heartbeats.

He has another purple lily in his hand, but it's forgotten as he grabs me and yanks me against him. He curls his fingers against my back and buries his face in my hair, and I can feel his breath shudder in his chest as he breathes me in.

He must remember himself suddenly, though, because he stiffens and pulls away. His eyes sweep across my body, lingering on the wound on my face and the cast on my right arm. publicationit10

"I didn't know," he says. "I-when I heard, I..." His eyes drop to my arm, then shift back to my face. "I'd been avoiding the news, the internet, anything that would remind me of my past life. Or of you. Not that it mattered. I thought of you every waking minute." He shakes his head. "It was only chance that I saw the story, and when I realized what had happened, when I saw you'd been hurt, I... I lost it. I completely lost it."

He pulls me closer.

"That man will pay for this," Calder says, his voice like steel. He reaches out and touches my sling-lightly, as if he's afraid that he might hurt me.

"We're pressing charges," I tell him.

He nods, but his eyes flash with anger and I know he won't let this go easily.

But I don't want to think about that incident now, not when he's in front of me. I raise my hand and touch his cheek, and the warmth of his skin confirms that he is in fact real. He's actually here in front of me.

"This is my fault," he says. "God, I'm sorry, Lily."

I shake my head. "You couldn't have known this would happen."

"But I could have guessed the reporters would come after you. I should never have left you here alone."

I don't have an answer, so instead I curl my hand around his neck and pull his face down to mine.

The kiss is tentative on both sides, little more than a brushing of the lips, but it sends tiny shocks all the way down to my toes. I can try to hold on to my anger, my fear, my better sense-but my body will betray me every time. My body knows the truth.

"I love you," Calder says against my mouth. "I love you, and I promise I'll never walk away from you again."

"I love you, too." I've waited so long to say those words that they don't sound like enough. Not nearly enough.

But Calder's eyes grow bright, and he breaks into a grin before leaning down and kissing me again. This kiss is Wentworth Cunninghamhe" aid="lpn't hesitant. This kiss holds all of the emotion of these past few weeks, all of the longing and passion and hope we've both held back.

When we pull away from each other, I'm grinning like an idiot. "How did you even get in here? How did you get past my dad?"

Calder chuckles and rubs the back of his head. "It took some work. I called him this morning and actually convinced him to hear me out."

"What did you tell him?"

"The truth. That I love you. And that I was going to do everything in my power to earn your forgiveness. To make you happy. I told him that if I had to spend every day for the rest of my life on my knees begging you to forgive me, I'd do it, just for the chance to be by your side." The corner of his mouth curls up. "I guess I convinced him, since he let me in here."

I laugh to myself. I guess that explains why Dad was acting a little weird when I left. He guessed what was going on.

"Well?" Calder says. "Do you think you can forgive me? Are you willing to give me another chance?"

"I don't understand," I say. "What about your job?"

He brushes a bit of hair behind my ear with his thumb. "I quit."

"What?"

He gives a little smile and cups my face. "I quit. The moment I heard what had happened to you, I went to Tim Renley and resigned. From there I headed straight to the airport. Took the first open flight." He glances down at himself. "I'm stuck with only this suit and whatever's in my pocket for now."

He must read the incredulity on my face, because he adds, "It's just a job. I'll find another."

"But it was the perfect opportunity for you." Even now-especially now-I hate the idea of him giving it up for me.

"Perfect?" He shakes his head. "I guess you and I have different definitions of the word." He presses his forehead against mine. "This is more important. You are more important. If I have to shovel garbage or scrub toilets or sell every last thing I own, I'll do it if it means I can stay close to you. This is what's perfect."

I start to shake my head, but his hands are still on my cheeks and he stops me. "No arguments."

I look up at him, at his dark, wicked eyes and gently-curving mouth.

"But arguing is what we do best," I tease.

He smiles. "Perhaps what you do best..."

I catch him by the front of the shirt. "Maybe I like arguing with you."

He lowers his face to mine. "Then I will argue with you whenever you like."

"I dare you to try."

He kisses me, and I playfully bite down on his lip. When he pulls away, he's laughing. It's the most beautiful sound I've ever heard.

"I love you," I tell him once more.

Calder's grip on me tightens. "Say that again."

I smile. "I love you, Calder Cunningham."

"And I love you." He grabs my face and kisses me fiercely.

The next thing I know, he's scooping me up and carrying me out of the room.

"Where are you taking me?" I ask. I tilt my head and kiss his neck.

"To your office. I'm going to make love to you on the chair where you touched yourself."

My cheeks grow hot, but I don't object. He can make love to me anywhere he wants. I'm his completely.

"Truth or dare?" I whisper in his ear as he carries me down the hall.

"Dare," he says, his voice husky.

"I dare you to stay with me forever."

He lets out a laugh. "Is that all?"

