CHAPTER 1

IF Lacey hadn't just gotten off a two-day road trip, if she wasn't wearing a simple V-neck t-shirt with jean shorts, and if she wasn't a black woman, she'd swear the slightly scruffy but very handsome Asian guy on the other side of the U-shaped bar was checking her out.

But she knew she didn't cut the most glamorous figure with her makeup-free face and long dreadlocks twisted on top of her head in a messy bun. She was also way underdressed for the upscale bar at Sinclair Ranch and Resort's five-star restaurant, The S Factor.

The Asian guy had silky black hair that fell just past his chin and what looked like a few days worth of stubble, but at least he was wearing a lightweight summer suit. No, he couldn't be checking her out. Her eyes drifted to a group of women seated in the corner and decked out in elegant resort dresses. They made her feel like a plain sparrow to their colorful birds. Surely, if he were going to hit on anybody in the bar, it would be one of them.

And let's face it, as a black woman, she'd never had an Asian man give her a second glance, much less the searing one this guy appeared to be throwing her across the wide expanse of the bar.

Lacey began to wonder if maybe there was a gorgeous, non-black woman standing behind her. She actually looked over her shoulder, but found herself gazing at a wall. And when she turned back to the bar, the man was gone. Had he been a hallucination? She reached up to undo the elastic holding her hair in place. Maybe she'd put it on too tight.

"You're done with your drink," a smoky voice said beside her, just as she grabbed her hair tie.

The Asian guy had reappeared at her side and slid onto the stool to her left. He was taller and even more handsome up close. Now she could clearly see his face, including his long, wide nose and intense onyx eyes, which seemed to be boring a hole into her as he waited for an answer.

Okay, then. Not a hallucination.

She dropped her hand from her hair and glanced at the now-empty pint glass in front of her. "Yeah, I guess I am."

He set his own drink down, something dark and amber, maybe bourbon or scotch, and hailed the waiter. "I will buy you another."

"That's not a good idea," she said, truly alarmed to find herself in the position of having to turn down a drink from this really, really attractive man. She didn't get out much, and it had been years since anyone had offered to buy her anything at all. "I haven't had anything to eat since lunch. I got into town a little later than expected, and now I'm starving. Really, the only reason I came in here was to get a meal, but then I was too late, and the kitchen closed, so I ordered a Guinness, because that's kind of like a meal, right? But I think two pints would cross over into drinking-on-an-empty-stomach territory and I still have to drive back to my motel..."

She trailed off, because the bartender had arrived to take their drink order, also because she realized she was doing it again, talking too much.

"You too friendly, Tasha," her father had scolded her back when her name had still been Tasha. They were walking back from the grocery store for what was supposed to be a quick milk run, but had turned into nearly twenty minutes of her dad huffing and puffing in the background as she gabbed on and on with the checkout clerk. "Everybody in the world ain't your new best friend, cher. You going to have to learn 'bout that soon."

At the time she'd dismissed his comments with a roll of her teenage eyes and an exasperated smile. "C'mon, Daddy, people aren't that bad," she'd said, thinking him such an introverted grump to her extroverted chatterbox self. But now she knew how bad people could be, how much trouble befriending the wrong people could get her into. It had ruined her life, and ended her father's.

"We'll have a bottle of cabernet to go," the man was saying to the bartender now. She noticed his words were slightly tinged with a very faint accent, making him sound even more formal than he already appeared. "And your house pasta. Have room service deliver it to my cabin."

The bartender nodded and left to place the order, even though handling room service orders for bar patrons probably wasn't within the purview of his duties.

The Asian man had placed the order so smoothly, it took Lacey a few seconds to realize what had happened. "Oh, wait, you want me to come back to your room...with you?"

"Yes," he answered. "You're hungry and need to eat."

"Yeah, but..." she leaned in with an apologetic wince. "I know I'm not dressed very nice or anything, but I'm not the kind of girl who goes off with some random guy I just met."

He didn't answer, just let his eyes scan her body from head to toe, his gaze so hot, it caused self-conscious goose bumps to rise on her arms.

Luckily the bartender chose that moment to come back with the bottle of wine and the bill.

The man signed it and took out his photo ID. "Please give this to the front desk before you leave tonight. If anything happens to her, then you know who I am and where to find me."

Lacey's eyes widened in surprise, and the bartender looked at them both with curiosity. But a true professional, he took the driver's license from the man and nodded without further comment. Then he left them alone with the bottle of wine and, for Lacey, a big decision.

However, the stranger didn't seem to think there was any decision to be made. He took the bottle of wine by the neck and stood. "We should go now if we want to get back to my cabin before your food arrives. The room service is fast here."

Maybe if it hadn't been so long since a man had invited her back to his place. Maybe if she hadn't been in Montana, a state she'd only traveled to twice before and for a very short time at that. Maybe if she hadn't been living like a nun, with nothing more than a vibrator to keep her company for the past twelve years. Maybe if he weren't so intriguingly handsome with his deep voice and mysterious accent...

Maybe if her stomach hadn't chosen that moment to grumble loudly as she watched him walk away.

In the end, Lacey followed him out of the restaurant, not just because she really was very hungry, but also out of curiosity.

For the first time since her father had been killed, she let down her guard. She was in the middle of nowhere, with no possibility of anyone having a clue who she really was. And a very attractive guy had just offered her a nice meal along with a bottle of expensive wine. Why not live a little? she asked herself. Just this once.

SHE WAS NERVOUS, Suro noted as they walked back to his room, even though she chatted easily enough about the weather and how pretty the stars were in Montana, and how nice the Sinclair Ranch was with all of its rustic guest cabins and ranch houses. She herself was staying at the Sinclair 28, a much cheaper motel about a half hour away.

"Get this," she said. "The woman at the front desk told me they used to call it the Ride 'Em Cowboy. And it used to have a diner attached, but she said I wouldn't have wanted to eat there anyway because it kept getting busted for health code violations. Andrew Sinclair, the guy who owns the town, convinced them to remodel, even gave them a renovation loan, which is why they ended up naming it after him. She says everyone here loves him, and not just because he owns the town and is married to a rock star, but also because he's a really nice guy. But seriously, can you imagine owning a whole town?"

Suro knew Andrew and his former rock star wife, Roxxy, well. He also knew they didn't think of it as owning the former farm town, but as developing it to its full potential. He himself hailed from one of Japan's wealthiest families, one that had accumulated a fortune in real estate investments in the eighties. So technically, he could imagine owning an entire town, even though he'd been estranged from that side of his family for a long time now.

"This is my room," he said, indicating a rustic, single-story cabin with large windows and a weathered, red copper roof nestled amongst the trees at the side of the path.

"Wow, it looks as nice as it does in the brochures," she said upon entering. He watched her slowly look around the front room, with its vaulted ceiling, large stone fireplace, and distressed leather furniture.

She walked to the glass doors, which faced out onto a deck with a sunken hot tub and high-end patio furniture. "Yeah, this place is just a little more upscale than my room at the Sinclair 28," she said.

Then she let out a laugh, that had probably been meant to punctuate the joke, but came out thin and shaky.

"There's no need to be nervous," he said. "I won't hurt you. You have my word."

She turned back to look at him. "What makes you think I'm nervous? Because I'm talking so much? No, that's just how I am. I'm not..." she broke off and gulped when he came to stand in front of her, so close she bumped into the glass door behind her when she tried to take a step back. His nostrils flared slightly...he could smell her, the dark beer she'd drunk, the hotel soap from the shower she'd recently taken, the one that had prevented her from making it to the restaurant before it closed.

"...nervous," she finished weakly.

Her breath caught when he brought his hand up to her hair and released the elastic band, allowing her long, heavy locks to tumble down onto her shoulders and over her breasts.

Suro's cock responded immediately, and his mind filled with images of how she would look naked, riding him, with all of that hair framing her curvy body.

"Stay calm," he said, both to her and to himself. "I am only looking at you."

Another hard swallow as she visibly squirmed under his gaze. "So, do you do this a lot? Bring women back to your room and, uh, look at them?"

"No," he answered. He usually only stayed at hotels when meeting with clients or carrying out hits, two activities that failed to rouse his libido. But he doubted telling her that would put her at ease.

The truth was he couldn't explain why he had brought her back to his cabin. He'd only gotten into Sinclair Township a few hours ago, after driving in from the Missoula airport. He'd gone to the bar intending to get a drink before calling it a night. But then she walked in, her dark skin glowing against her pink t-shirt, and her others charms soon became obvious despite her casual clothes and haphazard hair. She radiated good cheer even after the bartender told her the kitchen was closed.

Though he preferred to keep his liaisons cool and impersonal, like himself, Suro wanted her. He wanted her cheerfulness and warmth in a way his cold heart had wanted nothing else in a very long time.

And as he stood there with her now, slightly intoxicated by her simple scent, he didn't dare kiss her for fear he wouldn't be able to stop. Still, his lips hovered close to hers, begging his brain for one kiss, just one.

But then a knock sounded on the door and he made himself step away from her. "Your food is here."

CHAPTER 2

WHAT had she gotten herself into? Lacey wondered as she forked the tasty pasta with its light tomato basil sauce into her mouth. She could barely concentrate on the dish's flavors because of the quiet man sitting on the other side of the patio table.

He should have come off as placid-almost harmless, really-taking the occasional drink from his glass of wine and not saying much. Except he was anything but. There was something about him. His stillness. It put her in mind of a coiled snake, patiently waiting to strike. She wasn't exactly scared-he didn't give off the "chop her body up and bury it in the woods" vibe she occasionally got from a few of the customers where she worked-but she did feel unsettled. And no matter how many sips of wine she took, she couldn't quite calm down.

So she talked...about Montana, about the cabin, about-

"You like to talk," he said at one point after she finished describing a book she'd just read about a man who inherited a winery in the south of France.

Her cheeks warmed. "I do," she confessed. "I'm sorry. My dad wasn't a talker either, so I know it can be overwhelming and irritating."

He shook his head once. "No, it's fine. It gives you pleasure to do so, and I like the sound of your voice."

Now her cheeks really got hot. "I like the sound of your voice, too. The little I've heard of it. I guess it doesn't give you pleasure to talk, huh?"

"No," he answered. Then he fell silent again.

Okay, then. Lacey started to gather another bite of pasta onto her fork but then she looked down at her plate and realized it was empty, along with her wine glass. Her eyes scanned across the table and saw his glass was also empty, even though there was still a half bottle of cabernet left.

"Do you want another glass of wine?" she asked.

He continued to sit there quietly, his eyes burning into hers. "No."

"Do you mind if I have another glass?"

"No," he answered again, but he made no move to provide her with a refill.

She raised her hands to do it herself, but then realized they were trembling and she'd never get the job done without breaking something. Somehow this ended up being the straw that broke the would-be one-night-stand's back.

"Okay," she said, throwing her cloth napkin down on the table. "This was really nice, and thank you very much for buying me dinner. But unfortunately I need to go now. I thought I could do this, but I guess I'm just not that kind of girl."

His eyebrows lifted. "And what kind of girl is that?"

She inwardly cringed, but forced herself to say it. "The kind of girl who has sex with a guy because he's really hot and bought her dinner."

If possible, his face became even more neutral than before, almost a blank slate. "I don't require sex from you in exchange for a meal."

She let out an audible sigh of relief and stood. "Good, because trust me, it wouldn't have been all that great anyway. I'm too nervous, and I get all fumbly when I'm nervous. It wouldn't have been a night to remember at all."

She opened the patio door and let herself back into the front room, where she'd left her brightly patterned satchel. "So don't feel like you missed out on anything, because you really didn't. It's been a while and I'm pretty rusty in that area. So seriously, this is probably for the best." She said all of this loudly, so he could hear her from the patio.

But when she got her purse situated across her body and turned around, he was right there, standing in front of her.

She gasped and would have stumbled backwards over the couch if his strong hand hadn't whipped out with precision grace and caught her by the forearm.

"See," she said, her heart beating erratically in her chest. "Look how clumsy I am right now. Not a great quality to have in a potential bed partner, right?"

A few beats of silence, then he said, "I'll walk you to the door."

Lacey had to clamp her lips shut to prevent herself from saying sorry again. Wasn't she always counseling the girls at work that they didn't owe the men who came in anything, no matter how many drinks they bought for them? Why was she having so much trouble with this? It was one dinner, and she wasn't a prostitute. She didn't have to have sex with this guy just because he'd fed her, even if she was very grateful she hadn't had to eat out of a vending machine for the second night in a row. Unfortunately, hotels that let you pay in cash without presenting a photo ID weren't exactly known for their amenities.

At the door, she turned and said, "Good night."

She was taken aback, however, when she glimpsed something in his eyes. A flicker of sadness that quickly disappeared behind the unreadable mask he'd been wearing since she met him.

"Good night," he answered.

She stared at him, her brows drawn together in concern. "Are you...?" she asked, pondering the look of sadness she'd seen on his face. "Are you all right?"

"I'm fine," he answered. "You should go."

"It's just that you're so..." she couldn't find the right word, instead her legs propelled her forward and her arms acted of their own accord, pulling him in close for a quick hug. At least it was supposed be a quick hug, but he was stiff, like a block of ice as opposed to a human man. He needed this, something told her. She felt like a cozy blanket and like he was a man with hypothermia in need of her warmth.

"You should go," he said again, his voice slightly muffled and strained.

"You're right," she answered, her voice much lighter than she felt. "I should go."

But neither of them moved and just when she thought she might be standing there giving him the human blanket treatment all night, his arms came up and wrapped around her. His face collapsed into her neck and she could feel the hard, lean muscles in his torso bunch up as he held her even tighter than she had been holding him.

"If you don't leave now," he said, against her neck, "I won't be able to let you go."

"It's okay," she said, not quite knowing what she was agreeing to, just that she didn't want to release him just yet. He'd been so distant all night, but everything in her body was telling her he needed this, needed her to hold him, like there was something broken inside of him only she could fix.

They stood like that for what felt like hours, his breathing becoming more ragged by the second.

Then his hand wrapped around the back of her neck and he was pulling her face towards his, kissing her with more passion than she would have ever believed the reserved man who'd watched her eat dinner could possess. His lips moved on top of hers even as he pressed into her so tightly, she could feel his erection through his linen pants.

And then she felt herself lifted off the ground for a few seconds only to crash land in a sitting position on an end table with her back against the wall. Somehow he managed to keep on kissing her while unbuttoning her shorts, pulling them and her panties down just enough to push three fingers inside of her.

He stopped kissing her then, but continued to hold her by the nape of her neck as he worked his fingers into her wetness. In and out, so good that Lacey tugged at her shorts, finally kicking them off so she could open wider for him.

In response, he pushed his fingers in even further, using his thumb to manipulate her clit.

Currents of pleasure charged through her, setting off sparks every time his thumb circled around her sensitive button. She wrapped her hands around his heavily veined forearm. She didn't know why, maybe it was to try to dampen the intensity of what he was doing to her, or maybe she was trying to pull him in deeper. Either way, his forearm became her anchor when the climax he'd built up inside of her crested and flashed hot, making her entire body go tight as she came with her eyes and her mouth squeezed shut.

Only then did he let her go, abruptly pulling his fingers out of her and sucking her essence off of them while using his right hand to take his wallet out of his suit pocket.

"You taste better than the wine," he informed her in his deep voice as he extracted a condom from the wallet before tossing it aside.

Lacey wanted to reply but became mesmerized by the sight of him pulling his pants down past his muscled thighs. His dick was long and rigid with need, and she felt her pussy clench with thirsty anticipation.

He didn't give her long to ponder the sight, though. Almost as soon as she saw it, he'd quickly sheathed it in latex. She had never seen anyone get a condom on so fast.

And then one hand was back around her nape while the other parted her folds so he could ease his cock into her. He let his forehead rest against hers as he moved inside her.

It felt-Lacey didn't have words for how it felt to have him inside the cradle of her legs, filling her up, so she could feel him all the way up to her womb.

His strokes were gentle at first, then faster and rougher, as if the chains were coming off whatever kept the beast inside of him tamed and still. To her surprise, her quiet lover began to speak, whispering what she thought were Japanese words in her ear with such intensity she didn't have to comprehend them to know he felt it, too-the hot conclusion building up inside both of them, so big it scared Lacey, because surely once it came, it would tear her apart.

But then he kissed her, all but devouring her lips underneath his, and soon she was exploding, bright and hot like a star at the end of its life. It was all she could do to hold on to her sanity, much less her body, which was now glowing with previously unknown sensations.

And then there was her unexpected lover, still kissing her, until suddenly he broke off with a deep yell. He pressed his forehead into hers and shuddered into her, his cock throbbing hard.

Then he drew back slightly and they stared at each other in wonderment, now sweating and breathing hard.

"Stay," he said.

"Okay," she answered.

SURO WOKE UP to the brightness of the morning sun shining down on him. This was strange in and of itself, since he usually woke naturally at the dimly lit hour of five to do his morning exercises. But then he remembered the night before with an inward smile.

The woman from the bar. It hadn't been enough to take her by the door. They'd come together a second time in his bed. That should have been it, but Suro clearly remembered waking again in the middle of the night and going down on her until she woke, too, ready for more.

Sex with her hadn't been like sex with any other woman he'd let into his bed in recent years. He found her warmth and softness intoxicating, craved it like a hot bowl of udon on a rainy day.

The only reason he didn't turn over right that minute and have her again was because he had run out of condoms and the clock read 9:15, which meant he needed to leave soon for the one event he'd come to Montana to attend.

Still, he knew he wasn't done with this woman, not yet, not by a long shot.

Sitting up in the large, king-sized bed, he quickly devised a plan. He'd let her sleep but would leave a note telling her to enjoy the place while he was gone and to call him when she woke, so they could make plans to see each other again. But he was cut short when he reached out to grab a hotel memo pad and found a note already written on it.

"Thank you for last night."

And that was it. No name, no phone number, no promises to be back in touch, nothing except for five words scrawled hastily across white paper. He turned around to see what had so obviously escaped his notice just a few minutes ago: a rumpled but empty spot where the woman had slept. There was only the slightest dent to mark the fact that someone else had shared his bed. Suro stared at the abandoned sheets, unsettled.

He'd approached her last night with the intention of picking her up and getting rid of her as soon as he was done with her. He was merely curious, he had told himself as he walked over to where she was seated, and she was a welcome distraction after a very busy spring, filled with the kind of work that required a deliberate hardening of the soul. But now it was morning, and she was gone.

So why then did he feel like the one who had been used and tossed aside?

CHAPTER 3

"HI, my name is Hector."

The boy who fell into step beside her as she walked out of her Financial Econometrics class was clean-cut, tall, handsome, and almost as dark as she was. If she hadn't already known of him, she might have mistaken him for one of the few other black students taking the course with her. But as it was...

"I know who you are," she said, throwing him a teasing smile. "Everyone does."

He glanced sideways at her. "And who do you think I am?"

She had to fight hard not to laugh. "Hector Mendez, Jr." She didn't add the obvious, that he was the only son of Hector Mendez, Sr., the head of New Jersey's Dominican mafia. "I don't live under a rock."

But if he minded her laughing at him, he didn't show it. Instead he smiled back at her. "You say it like that's all I am, my father's son."

"No insult meant or anything," she said. "Back in West Trenton, just about everybody knows me as Antoine Cofi's daughter. You see, he owns this Cajun food restaurant, kind of a hole in the wall, but it's pretty popular. So that's mostly what people see when they look at me. I think they were surprised when I got into Rutgers, like I'd been born to work behind Cofi's counter all my life."

Hector nodded. "People expect me to follow in my father's footsteps, too. That's part of the reason I came to Rutgers. My father didn't even graduate high school. I'm hoping to do better for myself."

"Mine didn't either," she said. "But he's still the smartest person I know, even if he didn't get a degree."

"I see you're a daddy's girl."

"I am," she admitted. "My mom died when I was little, so it's always been the two of us. He worked hard to raise me right and make sure I didn't have to work at the restaurant if I didn't want to. It's hard not to admire him for that."

"He sounds like a great man. I'd like to meet him some day." Hector flashed her a smile and held out his hand. "You know my name. But you still haven't told me yours."

She smiled back at him. "Tasha Cofi. It's nice to meet you."

And being the friendly girl she was, she took his proffered hand, having no idea she was shaking hands with the devil.

The sound of a horn blaring behind her jerked Lacey out of the memory. She looked up and saw that the light had turned green. She made a left onto the road leading to the Starry Sky campgrounds, and chastised herself. "Get it together, girl."

She'd barely had time to make it back to the hotel to shower and change clothes before it was time to get on the road. And even then she was only just going to make it to the outdoor picnic brunch that would kick off Parent's Day. She didn't have time to let her mind wander, especially back to a life she could never have again.

She shook off the memory as she parked her car in the grassy lot and dashed toward Starry Sky's main field.

But even in such a distracted rush, she found it hard not to flash back to what had happened the night before. The mysterious Asian man had been a complete stranger, but the way he had run his hands all over her body that last time in bed, touching her in all the right places, like he already had her memorized...

"Mom! I'm over here!"

The sight of her beautiful twelve-year-old daughter, Sparkle, broke her out of her second reverie of the morning. Sparkle wasn't her real name, of course, and not one she would have chosen for her daughter, if it had been up to her. Yet another casualty of her previous life, which made her push both Hector Jr. and last night's encounter out of her head as she jogged over to her.

When she reached her, Lacey was taken aback by how much her daughter had grown since the last time she'd seen her during Christmas break. Also, she was a few shades darker, which meant her program leaders must have forced her to take time off from playing the piano to get out in the sun. Sparkle wore a wrinkle-free camp t-shirt tucked into khaki shorts, both of which she was certain Sparkle had freshly pressed herself that morning. And her shoulder-length dreadlocks looked much neater than Lacey's own. While Sparkle tended to hers every morning, re-twisting the roots with the big tub of shea butter Lacey had sent in her last care package, Lacey was once again wearing hers in a messy bun.

"Girl, you are a sight for sore eyes," she told her daughter with a big smile. "I'm going to give you a hug, a huge one, okay?"

"If you must," Sparkle answered.

"Yes, I must," Lacey responded, pulling her daughter into her arms and kissing her on top of the head several times for good measure.

"I don't know how my father will feel about the hugging," said another voice nearby.

Lacey looked over Sparkle's head to see an Asian boy with glasses and a severe buzz cut standing nearby. He spoke in the same succinct and practiced way as Sparkle and didn't make eye contact, which was enough of a clue that, like her daughter, he had Asperger's. Of course, this wasn't a big surprise considering the kids were at a camp for high-functioning autistic children.

"Hi," she said to him. "And you are..."

"I'm Sparkle's best friend, Kenji," he informed her.

"Her best friend," Lacey repeated.

Even on an Aspie level, Sparkle wasn't exactly a maker of friends. She'd been obsessed with the piano since she was old enough to walk, and tending to her passion didn't leave much time for friendships. Sparkle had never asked to bring anyone home for breaks or even dinner, much less had a best friend.

"Okay," Lacey said carefully. "It's really great to meet you."

"She's surprised because I don't have any other friends," Sparkle informed Kenji. "She thinks maybe you're delusional or making it up."

Lacey would have tried to deny it, but she knew her daughter would only argue she was denying it because she didn't want to hurt her feelings. Though social interactions were challenging for Sparkle, she had just enough knowledge of social conventions to be truly embarrassing if Lacey chose to argue with her.

So instead Lacey smiled and said, "Like I said, it's very nice to meet you, Kenji. Can I shake your hand?"

In response, Kenji drew his arms up close to his chest. "No, that's not necessary. I'm not here to introduce myself but to assess that you really are pretty and it wasn't a case of makeup and lighting in the picture Sparkle showed me."

Having raised an Aspie for twelve years before sending her to Rise Academy, a boarding school for children with high-functioning autism and Asperger's, Lacey wasn't remotely phased by his refusal to shake her hand or his blunt statement.

"Okay," she said again with a smile.

Kenji looked her over with the critical eye of a horse breeder. "She was right. You are very pretty. My father might like you."

Lacey looked from side to side, wondering why it mattered if his father liked her or not. "Well, I hope he's not the kind of person who judges other people on looks alone and he'll be just as happy to meet the mom of your best friend as I am to meet him."

"You think I would come over here for a simple introduction? No, that's not it," Kenji said. "Sparkle and I are working on an opera, a grand opus, which will likely take two years or more to compose. Consequently, we've decided we shouldn't be apart during the summers anymore. Three months of down time is unacceptable."

Understanding began to dawn on Lacey's part. "Oh, I get it. So you're both interested in composing on the piano and you want to arrange a summer visit?" she asked, although she already knew that would be out of the question.

She didn't begrudge Sparkle a friend or what sounded like a really ambitious music project. In fact, Lacey was happy Sparkle had found someone who liked the piano as much as she did. How many other twelve-year-olds wanted to spend all of their free time composing an opera? But Lacey had barely had time to trek to Montana from Chicago to pick her daughter up, much less drive her to whatever part of the country Kenji lived in, so that they could work together during the summer.

"No, a visit still wouldn't give us enough time to finish the opus in two years," Sparkle answered.

"We want you to marry my father," Kenji said.

Lacey sputtered, "Say what?!?!"

"It's the most logical solution," Kenji responded.

"I think you need to look that word up, because getting married so your kids have more time to work on an opera definitely doesn't qualify as logical," she said, using air quotes on the word "logical."

Kenji, who had yet to make eye contact with her had the nerve to throw Sparkle an exasperated look. "She is pretty, but difficult."

"That doesn't mean your father won't like her," Sparkle pointed out, as if the object of their discussion weren't standing right in front of them. "They could still get married."

Lacey held up her hands. "You two do realize marriage is a big decision and a lot more goes into making that decision than whether or not your father thinks I'm cute, right?"

"Yes, of course we realize that," Kenji answered. "We've already run the data. My father and you have a lot in common. You're both very secretive, you're both very patient, neither of you have had a long-term relationship since the loss of your respective partners, so the logical conclusion is you must be very lonely. Also, you both have autistic children. We've decided you'll make a very compatible match as long as my father thinks you're good looking."

She shook her head at him. "How about if I don't think your father is good looking?"

"Women don't value looks as much as men do," Sparkle answered. "Also, I've already vetted his picture and his face is very symmetrical."

"Oh, Lord, please tell me you didn't also tell this man you wanted us to get married!"

"No, not yet," Kenji answered. "We didn't come up with the plan until a few weeks ago. Also, I wanted to run it by Uncle Dexter first."

"Uncle Dexter?"

"His partner. He's the one who convinced my father to let me go away to Rise Academy. They spend a lot of time together, and he's black, too, so my father might be more receptive to the idea if it came from him."

Lacey rubbed a hand over her face. "Please do not involve anyone else in this mess. And what exactly do you mean by 'his partner?'"

Kenji threw Sparkle a confused look.

"She wants to know if your father is gay," Sparkle said. "She works with a few of lesbians."

"No, Dexter is his business partner," Kenji answered. "And that's another thing we can add to the list of things you have in common, because Dexter is gay, too."

"Oh, my sweet-" Lacey cut herself off before she took the Lord's name in vain for a second time that day. "Are you sure they're just business partners? For all you know, I'm really not your dad's type."

Kenji frowned. "I hadn't considered that."

Then he abruptly walked away.

"He'll be back," Sparkle said in response to Lacey's questioning look.

Lacey shook her head at her daughter. "Wow," she said. "When you decided to finally get a best friend, you just went all out, didn't you?"

"I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or giving me a sincere compliment."

Lacey smiled and resisted the urge to give her daughter another hug. Sparkle could be a nut, but she was her nut and she had missed her terribly this past year while she'd been away at boarding school. "I'm just happy to see you, sweetie," she said, deciding to drop the subject altogether.

"DAD, ARE YOU GAY?" Kenji asked Suro, coming to stand with him, Dexter, Andrew, and Andrew's wife, Roxxy. Her newborn baby girl was strapped snugly to her front and snoozing comfortably against her mother's chest.

Suro had been listening to Dexter, Andrew, and Roxxy talk about how well the inaugural four-day camp, which had wrapped up Rise Academy's school year, had gone, when his son, Kenji, had approached him and asked this question out of the blue, without so much as a prefaced hello.

"Hello, Kenji," Suro said, giving him a small bow.

His son, who didn't speak Japanese, but liked the formality of bows, gave him a much bigger bow back, as was the custom between a father and son who hadn't seen each other for an extended amount of time. He also gave smaller bows to Dexter, Andrew, and Roxxy before asking Suro again, "Are you gay?"

Suro could see the other adults working hard to suppress their laughter.

"No," he answered, knowing from long-experience it was easier to answer Kenji's questions, rather than ask him why he was asking them in the first place.

"You and Dexter aren't boyfriends then, just business partners?"

Dexter lost the fight not to laugh. "Naw, man! Your dad's cool and we've made a grip of money since going into business together, but it ain't like that. Plus, he's not my type."

Kenji gave them a satisfied nod. "Okay, I'll go tell Sparkle's mother."

"Who's Sparkle?" Suro asked.

"His little girlfriend," Dexter, who had worked security pro bono at the camp answered. "They been thick as thieves since before they got here."

Roxxy ran a hand over her sleeping daughter's silky brown curls. "And begging us for an electric outlet to plug in their keyboards the entire time," she added with dry amusement. Her singing days happily behind her, the former rock star now ran the Starry Sky summer camp, so she had intel that Dexter didn't. "I don't think they were quite on board with the whole no-electricity part of camping."

"We liked it here, but we would have liked it more if the tents had electrical outlets," Kenji told her. "You should put them in the for next year, then your camp will be perfect."

"That defeats the purpose of camping," Roxxy started to say.

But the always affable Andrew cut his wife off with a chuckle. "Thanks for the suggestion, kid. We'll take that under consideration."

"But let's get back to this Sparkle girl," Dexter said. "Why you asking about all this? Did her mom say you two can't date if your dad's gay?"

"We're not dating. We're best friends and co-composers of an opera we plan to debut in two years. But we won't be able to make our deadline if we have to keep on spending summers and school breaks apart." He turned to Suro. "That's why you have to marry Sparkle's mom, Dad. That way we can all live in the same place and it will give Sparkle and me more time to work on our project together."

"What?" Suro said, showing true surprise for the first time in years.

Now Dexter wasn't even trying to contain his laughter. "Aw man, you got your twelve-year-old son trying to set you up. Consider what that says about your love life!"

Suro ignored his partner. "Perhaps, you should introduce me to this woman," he said to his son.

"I'm coming with you," Dexter said. "I've got to see this."

Less than a minute later, Suro and Dexter were following Kenji through the crowd of parents and students at the brunch social toward the breakfast buffet where his son guessed Sparkle and her mother would be.

He had no further plans than to introduce himself, apologize for his son's pushiness, and extricate himself from the situation as quickly as possible, but then his son pointed to a little black girl standing at the buffet.

"There's Sparkle," his son said. Then he pointed again. "And there's her mother."

Suro slowed his pace. From behind, the girl's mother looked just like...

"She looks good from behind at least," Dexter said. "Not too skinny. I hate when women let themselves get too skinny."

"Sparkle! Sparkle!" Kenji called out, waving his arms to get their attention.

And when both mother and daughter turned around, there was no mistaking it. The mother actually dropped her paper plate of food, she was so surprised to see Suro.

Sparkle's mother, the woman Kenji wanted him to marry, was the woman from the bar, the same one he'd had unexpectedly hot sex with the night before.

CHAPTER 4

AFTER standing there like an idiot for several stunned seconds, Lacey hunkered down and busily started dealing with the dropped plate of food.

This was not happening. This could not be happening. Mr. Hot Asian Dude, Mr. Crazy Good In Bed, Mr. Perfect One-Night-Stand could not be Kenji's dad.

But then there he was, squatting down next to her in another linen suit and taking the plate from her. "It's okay," he said.

He took her by the elbow and brought them both to a standing position, before beckoning one of the nearby camp caterers to come clean up the mess.

"I can do it," she said, preferring to clean food up off the ground than face the guy who had made her come no less than six times the night before.

He didn't answer, just stood there, still holding her by her elbow. Maybe his fingers were magic, because she could have swore she felt the same currents on her arm that had run through her last night when he touched her.

"Hi," she said for lack of anything better to say.

"Hello," he answered. He nodded toward the large black man standing next to him. "This is my business partner, Dexter."

"Hey, how you doing," Dexter said, grinning in a way that made it clear he already knew all about Kenji's plan to set them up. "And don't worry, we're just business partners. Suro is all the way single and ready to mingle-with the ladies."

"And I'm Tetsuro Nakamura, Kenji's father," Hot Asian Dude said, throwing his business partner a distinctly unamused look.

"But all his friends call him Suro," Dexter added, still grinning.

"Hi, Suro," she said, happy to finally know his name, even if she was mortified by the circumstances. "So it looks like our kids have hit it off."

"Yes," he said.

They continued to stare at each other, her not knowing what to say, and him clearly preferring silence to speech.

"Mom, Mr. Dexter, Kenji, and I are going to go stand somewhere else. You and Kenji's dad should talk," Sparkle said.

"About the terms of your future relationship," Kenji added, as if Lacey and Suro had no clue why they were abandoning them like scheming sitcom characters.

And then they were all gone, and though she and Suro were surrounded by food and people, Lacey couldn't help but feel they were standing in an empty field, alone, with the strange current running between them, his hand glued to her arm.

"Refill your plate," he said. "We can find a space to eat over there." He gestured behind him.

"I'm not that hungry anymore," she told him truthfully.

"You should eat anyway," he said. "You worked up quite an appetite last night."

She couldn't help but laugh. "In that case, you should eat, too. If I'm remembering correctly, you were right there with me."

His face remained impassive, but she could see a spark of humor in his eyes when he finally let go of her arm and grabbed a plate of his own.

As awkward as the rest of the brunch should have been after that, it really wasn't. She actually found Suro easy to talk to as they both ate off of paper plates, seated on a picnic blanket underneath a shady oak tree.

She talked mostly about Sparkle and how much her daughter had enjoyed her first year at Rise Academy. "I really didn't want to send her at first. It's a lot of money and I didn't want my baby so far away. But you know, she was having a hard time in public school. The teachers didn't really understand her and she had no friends. She'd stopped having meltdowns around third grade, but then we moved to a different part of the city. One year at her new school, and they were back with a vengeance. I didn't know how to help her, and she was so miserable and out of her element in the new school, she applied to Rise Academy on her own. She told me she couldn't take it any more in-" she stopped herself, not wanting to give away where they lived. "-where we were living. It began to feel like I was being selfish by keeping her with me. So I let her go. It's one of the hardest decisions I've ever made."

Suro gave her a grave nod. "For me, too. Kenji has a similar story. He went to private school, but even there he had a hard time fitting in. I travel out of town on business a lot, but it seemed every time I came home there were messages from his teachers and administrators wanting to meet with me about him. He didn't apply to Rise Academy on his own, but he did get my business partner to convince me he would be happier here."

She shook her head. "It's strange, because every other mom I know thinks I'm so unlucky because my daughter's autistic, but they don't get that your kid is your kid and you love her just as much as they love their kids, even the weird stuff. As hard as it was to deal with Sparkle's tantrums sometimes, I still get sad when I come home from work and she's not there."

"Same," Suro said. "My job requires a lot of travel, but when Kenji was living with me, I limited myself to three-day trips. Now I can go wherever I want for as long as I want during the school year, but no matter when I return, the house is empty. I have been looking forward to summer with my son for a long time now."

"Me, too," she said. He had probably said more words to her in that one pass of conversation than he had the entirety of their heat-fueled night.

Remembering that night made her uncomfortable now, though. She shifted on the blanket, trying not to think about how less than twelve hours ago his fingers, his dick, and his tongue had all taken turns inside of her. Or how good they had felt.

As if picking up on her sexual thoughts, he gave her a heated look and said, "I would like to see you again."

"I have to head back to the dorms soon and get the rest of Sparkle's stuff."

"Same for Kenji and me. But we can have a late lunch afterwards."

Real regret pooled in Lacey's heart when he said that, but she made a big show of looking at her watch nonetheless. "That's a great idea. How about if Sparkle and I go now and we meet you and Kenji back at your guest cabin at, say, two?"

He nodded, and they both stood up.

She tilted her head with a rueful smile. "I guess I'll just give you a hug goodbye since there are people watching, and we don't want to encourage the kids any further than we already have."

Again his face remained impassive, but his eyes glinted with humor. "I'll take the hug for now," he said.

However, when she wrapped her arms around him, he leaned down and whispered in her ear, "But I'll be taking much more later."

BUT LATER NEVER CAME. To her credit, the woman from the bar only made them wait twenty minutes beyond the appointed time when the room phone finally rang. It was the front desk, saying someone who had referred to herself as "Sparkle's mom" had asked the receptionist to convey the message that something had come up and she and her daughter wouldn't be able to make it to lunch.

"Is that all she said?" he asked.

"Yes, sir," the receptionist answered.

He thanked her for the call and placed the receiver back in its cradle.

"Who was that?" his son asked.

"Sparkle and her mother won't be able to make it to lunch," he repeated, his voice almost as flat as Kenji's.

"Why not?"

"She didn't say," Suro answered.

"What about you two getting married?"

Suro had to fight hard to hold on to his patience then. "You'll have to let that notion go. It's unlikely I'll ever see her again."

"No," Kenji said, suddenly morphing from a musical prodigy into a forlorn toddler. "I want to work on the opera with Sparkle! I know you liked her mom. You were talking to her and you never spend that much time talking to people other than Uncle Dexter and me. What did you say to her? Why isn't she coming?"

If Kenji had been a normal twelve-year-old, he might have tried to reason with him or even done what his own father would have in the same situation, reminded his son who was the adult and who was the child.

But then if Kenji were a normal twelve-year-old, he and his mother, Yumiko, would still be married and Suro wouldn't find himself in the position of having just been stood up by his one night stand.

As it was, he didn't say anything to his son. Kenji was advanced far beyond his years in the I.Q. department, but when he got upset, he reverted to the temperament of a three-year-old. Suro knew from experience anything he said would only make the coming meltdown worse.

So he remained still as the boy cried and kicked and screamed until he finally wore himself out and let Suro carry him into the second bedroom to sleep it off. Kenji hadn't had a fit that bad in years.

Anger filled Suro's heart as he walked out of his son's room, quietly closing the door behind him.

Let it go, he said to himself. She wasn't an enemy of one of his clients, or someone he had good reason to remove with a few shots from his silenced gun. She was just a woman, someone he'd met at a bar. She wasn't worth it.

He clenched and unclenched his fists.

But he couldn't let it go. She had made him feel things like desire and need and camaraderie and at that moment, anger. More anger than he had allowed himself to feel in a very, very long time.

He picked up his cell and called Dexter, "I need everything you can find on Sparkle's mom," he said when the other man came on the phone.

"So you going to ask her out after you get the background check?"

If only Dexter knew. "Don't worry about why. I just want everything you can get on her."

"Well, do you have a name other than 'Sparkle's mom?'" Dexter asked. "That might be a good start."

Another wave of anger stole over him as he realized he didn't even know her name. And when he looked back on their conversations, he realized it was more than that. He didn't know her name because she hadn't told him. She had talked more than any woman he'd ever been intimate with, but she hadn't told him one specific detail about herself, not her name, not where she lived, nothing he could use to track her down.

"Hack her daughter's school records and go from there," Suro said.

Dexter whistled. "It's like that, huh? Alright man, I'll get back to you."

Suro and Kenji were back at their house in Miami before Dexter called back with any real information.

"Listen, are you sure you want to pursue this woman?" Dexter said after a short greeting.

"What did you find?" Suro asked.

"A goddamned mystery that's what," Dexter answered. "First of all, her name is Lacey Winters, but the address she gave the school is bogus. It looks like a crack house in Philadelphia has been on the receiving end of a lot fundraising mailers from Rise Academy."

So she hadn't just failed to let him know any personal details, she'd actually submitted falsified information to her daughter's school.

"So after finding out the address was bogus, I did what we always do, followed the money. But there wasn't nothing to follow. Sparkle ain't on scholarship, so her mom didn't have to fill out any financial paperwork on the kid. And according to her online docs, Lacey paid the whole tuition up front at the beginning of the year in cold, hard, untraceable cashier's checks. So though this is usually the point where I start investigating the parent, you know what I had to do next, right?"

"Work the kid."

Dex and he weren't the most upstanding men on the face of the earth, not by a long shot. But they had hard and fast rules that they lived by. They only took on clients they respected, ones without current ties to criminal or drug trafficking operations. They never killed women, even if the proposed target was as evil or even more so than the men Suro agreed to take care of for a very high price. And they always tried to keep kids out of their cases. Both Dex and Suro knew from experience what a shit hand you could get in the parent department through no fault of your own. They didn't like using kids to get to their parents.

But while adults could cover their online footprints better than most, unless parents kept their kids completely sequestered, it was impossible to keep them out of electronic systems, mostly because they had to attend schools and get doctor forms in order to attend those schools.

"Her medical forms were all filled out by some free clinic in South Dakota-again, I doubt she lives there. It's one of those places where they'll see anyone, don't matter if they have insurance are not. So yeah, I had to hit up the kid's social security number. You said Lacey told you Sparkle was in public school before she came to Rise, so I'll probably be able to track her down that way, but it's going to take me a few days to get an exact location."

That was fine. Suro had no plans to deal with the woman from the bar until his son was ensconced back at Rise Academy for the year anyway.

But Dexter had more to say. "Meanwhile my preliminary investigation brought up some strange shit, which is why I'm calling you now as opposed to later when I had all the information you wanted."

"What was that?" Suro asked, truly curious. This woman, Lacey, had faked her address, her child's transcripts, and had gone out of her way to get medical forms for her kid from a free clinic in a state she probably didn't live in. What else could there possibly be?

But then Dexter dropped the biggest bomb of all. "It's true Sparkle was born twelve years ago to a woman named Lacey Winters, but according to these documents I'm looking at, both of them died in a fire when Sparkle was two."

CHAPTER 5

Three Months Later

"LET me get this straight," Lacey said, rubbing her temples. "You know who did this, but you're refusing to tell me his name."

"I'm very sorry, Ms. Winters, I know you must be eager to thank your gracious donor, but the donor requested anonymity," Kate Lowell, Rise Academy's bursar, answered.

Lacey squeezed the old burner phone she used for calling her daughter's school tight against her ear. "I don't understand. Sparkle's not even on scholarship. Why would someone just pay her full tuition for the year?"

"We find donations aren't always need-based. On occasion, a donor sees something rare in a student and decides to invest in his or her future. And your daughter is a musical prodigy."

"Yeah, but has anyone ever decided to invest a full year of tuition in the future of a non-scholarship student?"

"Well, no," answered Ms. Lowell, her voice faltering a bit. "But we certainly appreciate the donor's generosity."

Ms. Lowell didn't seem to have any problem with some anonymous donor just deciding to pay Sparkle's tuition out of the blue, but Lacey was deeply unsettled. She had been living on the bare minimum of her salary for the past year in order to save up the money for her daughter's insanely high tuition. And even then it had taken until the week before she was set to drive Sparkle back to gather all the funds.

She'd gone to multiple Western Unions and 7-11s all over Chicago in order to put the money into cashier's checks-the only way to get cashier's checks without having to show ID or leave an online trail behind was to get them in small amounts. Then she'd driven her daughter the grueling forty-eight hours to school, only to find out her tuition had already been paid for the current school year. And when she'd tried to question the receptionist at the bursar's office further about it, she'd been told she'd have to direct any further questions to the bursar herself, who wouldn't be in until the following Monday.

Unfortunately, Lacey also had to drive back another forty-eight hours in order to be at work the next Monday, so there was no way she could stick around to talk to the bursar. She'd had to settle for leaving a message and waiting for the bursar to call her back which hadn't happened until 9:45am mountain time, which was 10:45am her time, only fifteen minutes before the first half of her eleven a.m. to eight p.m. shift.

"If you'd like to write a thank you note, I'd be happy to pass it along to the donor."

"Okay," Lacey said, "I guess I'll do that. "

She hung up the phone with her stomach churning. She should be over the moon that she'd no longer have to live hand to mouth to pay for Rise Academy next year, but something about this situation just didn't sit right with her.

An image of Suro rose in her mind's eye. It was him. It had to be him. But why after the way she had treated him?

She still felt guilty every time she thought about it. Sparkle had thrown the fit to end all fits in the back seat when she realized they were going back to Chicago, and not to have lunch with Kenji and Suro as she'd been promised. She could only imagine how Kenji had reacted. And the last thing she ever wanted to do was trigger another Aspie kid.

But she'd felt she had no choice. Despite the short time she'd known Suro, she had already pegged him as a man who didn't take no for an answer. If she'd tried to turn down his lunch invitation, there would have been questions. But if she had accepted it, there would have been...

She let that thought trail off. She couldn't afford to think of what might have been. She had lost that privilege long ago when she had defied her father and made the stupidest decision of her entire life and then gotten pregnant as a result.

"You're too friendly, girl," she heard him say once again.

But she had been the opposite of friendly to Suro. She'd stood him up. So why then was she surer than sure he was the anonymous donor who'd paid Sparkle's tuition? A sharp knock sounded on the door, interrupting her thoughts.

Tony Delano, the balding and gray owner of the club she worked at, didn't wait for her to answer before barging in. "What's up! What's going on, kid?" he asked, his New York accent still in full affect even though he'd been living in Chicago for over half his life.

"Hey, Tony," she said, unable to keep the dejection out of her voice.

His face fell. "Did you already hear? Who told you?"

She shook her head, confused. "Told me what?"

"Today's my last day at the club," he answered. "As of tomorrow. We're under new ownership."

"What?" she asked, her heart stopping. It was insanely hard to find a job that paid enough to put an autistic daughter through boarding school and could pay her under the table. The only reason she got paid as much as she did was because she not only managed the club and acted as a superintendent for the two floors of apartments above it, but also did all of its "creative accounting"-that was what Tony called it when he came in with shoe boxes of money that needed to disappear into the club's coffers so the IRS couldn't trace it.

She didn't ask too many questions about the money and Tony didn't ask too many questions about why someone with a background in accounting would be willing to work and manage a strip club for under-the-table pay. Relationships like theirs were hard to come by.

Tony, despite his shady side dealings, was a grandfatherly mensch. Who knew what the next guy would be like?

"What happened? And why didn't you tell me sooner?"

"Because it just happened. Big black guy walks in here last night with a bag of cash, asks a few questions, says him and his partner will take the club and apartments off my hands for a very nice sum of money, if I do say so myself. I'd been thinking of retiring anyways, maybe going to one of them beaches in the Caribbean where the government don't care where your money comes from as long as it's green." He shrugged both his shoulders. "So I says, 'All right. Why not?'"

"Why not?" she repeated. "How about because you don't know this guy from Adam?"

Another shrug. "His money's green. That's all I need to know." He scanned her up and down. "Anyway, I just came in here to let you know. The new boss is coming by in a few minutes when the club opens. Wants to meet everybody, so I'm going around making sure the girls look extra clean, including the one I hired to run the joint, the one I told them would give them the full tour."

He gave the hole in her sweater vest a pointed look. "If you're going to dress like a librarian, kid, can you at least wear clothes that don't got holes in them?"

But Lacey held up her hands. "Don't even start. I'm still trying to get over the fact you just sold the club to some random guy off the street without even talking to me first."

Tony leaned forward with his elbows in his lap. "Don't be like that, kid. I've been thinking about getting out of the game for a while now. But I told the guy about our arrangement and I made him promise to keep you on after I left."

"Thanks, Tony," she said. She stood up behind her desk. "I'm sorry I snapped at you. It's just...you've been like a second father to me, and I can't believe I'm losing you."

She didn't add that she knew the earnings Tony brought in were too petty to be anything really serious, but this guy had just paid for Tony's business in cash. Who knew what all he was into? Her stomach turned at the thought. She could reconcile cooking the books for a small time criminal, but someone selling drugs or women-no, she couldn't do it. Even if her father was dead, she was still his daughter, and she'd never go against his legacy like that.

"I'll be here until the end of the month at least. You can still come by and see me."

She was about to respond that she'd definitely be taking him up on his offer when a stick-thin, caramel skinned, stripper with a balloon chest walked past the open door.

"Candy?" she called, jogging after her. "Is that you?"

Candy turned on her six-inch heels. She was wearing shiny, red, thigh-high boots that were actually longer than the entire outfit she was wearing above it.

"Hey girl," Candy said, with the breezy smile that had made her a hit with the clientele as soon as she started at the club a few months ago. But then her smile turned upside down. "You know you've got a hole in your sweater, right?"

"What are you doing here?" Lacey asked, ignoring her question.

"I heard we under new ownership and it's a black guy!" Dollar signs practically flashed in her eyes. "You think he's single?"

Lacey shook her head at the dancer. When she'd applied for a job a couple of months ago, she'd hesitated to hire her because she said she'd gotten her start at a strip club located up the road from Cofi's, her father's old restaurant. Hiring a woman from her hometown seemed too close for comfort, not to mention safety.

But Tony, who'd also been sitting in on the interview loved her-"she's got all the stuff guys pay for," he'd said, "And a killer smile."

And he was right. Candy made a lot in tips, more than any other African-American dancer at the club, and about even with a few of their popular blond dancers. Tony had even talked about putting her photo on some of the club's internet ads.

But it had become clear to Lacey that Candy was more interested in finding her next sugar daddy than becoming a main attraction. She was forever lecturing the younger woman about not flirting too much with the customers, especially the rich ones. And even then, she knew Candy was accepting invitations to party with customers in different locations, which was against the rules and not a great idea since she had an eight-month old baby waiting for her at home.

"This is your morning at the co-op. You're supposed to be on babysitting duty," Lacey reminded her, because obviously Candy needed reminding. "Where's your kid and Ben?"

Candy sucked on her teeth. "Girl, I put them in the playpen. It's just for a few minutes. They'll be all right."

"No, they won't be-" Lacey closed her eyes, and took a moment to breathe. Technically the babysitting co-op she'd started back when Sparkle was still living with her and needed after-school supervision had been a rousing success and accounted for the low amount of turnover among their single mom dancers. But unfortunately, she'd had to deal with dancers leaving their babysitting duties to come downstairs "just for a few minutes" often enough that she now had an established protocol.

She walked away from Candy. She'd give the dancer a stern lecture about how babies were never to be left alone in the apartments upstairs, and how if Candy really felt the need to go out, she should drop the kids off at her office where she kept an extra playpen just for such occasions.

But right now her main concern was checking on the babies. So far, no child had been badly injured in the program, but there was always a first time for everything.

She let herself into Candy's apartment with her master key just in time. Candy's little boy, whose name was Leo but who they had all taken to calling Spiderbaby-"Spidey" for short-because of his early climbing skills, had one leg all the way over the playpen wall and was already teetering over the edge. He would have cracked his little head open on the hardwood floors if Lacey hadn't dived, just in time, to catch him.

Spiderbaby giggled as if he hadn't just been snatched from the gaping jaws of head trauma.

And despite the circumstances, Lacey's heart couldn't help but melt. If her life had turned out differently, she would have loved to have more than one baby. She'd given birth to Sparkle at eighteen under less than ideal circumstances, and she often thought about how nice it would be to have a baby now she was older.

But that was never going to happen, could never happen, not with the mess she'd managed to make of her life.

Her phone vibrated and Lacey dug into her pocket to pull it out. It was a text from Tony: "New owner's here. Where the hell r u?"

Ben, the little boy who belonged to their only Filipina dancer, chose that moment to get jealous of all the attention Spiderbaby was getting. He burst out crying, raising his chubby little brown arms in a bid to be picked up, too.

So that was how Lacey ended up coming down the back stairs to the club with not one, but two babies in her arms, one of which immediately started tugging her dreads out of their haphazard bun, perhaps sensing she had no way to stop him, since her other arm was also full of baby.

The plan was to deposit both of them in her office and then invite the new owner to meet with her there, but she doubted she'd make it down the long hallway without dropping one of them. It felt like her arms were on fire under the strain of two fifteen-pound kids.

"Oww, Spidey!" she said, when he got a small handful of her hair out of the bun and yanked hard. "You need to stop."

But then Lacey stopped in her tracks.

Suro was standing outside her office door, talking on the phone. However, when he saw her standing frozen at the end of the hallway, he said something to whoever was on the other end and dropped the phone into his suit pocket. He then turned to face her, his expression so stony she immediately intuited three things: He had tracked her down, he was the new owner of the club, and he was really, really pissed.

CHAPTER 6

AFTER tracking down Lacey and buying the strip club where she worked and lived above, Suro had expected to have the upper hand when he next met the woman who had dared to not only lie to him, but also stand him up in Montana. But when he walked into the club with Dexter on hulking-black-guy duty beside him, he found a row of scantily clad and heavily busted women, none of which were Lacey.

"Where's the manager?" Dexter asked Tony, the old goodfella they'd bought the place from. "I thought she was supposed to be giving us the tour."

Tony pulled out his phone. "She had a last-minute emergency, but she should be back soon. Lemme text her."

At that moment Suro's own phone vibrated in his suit pocket. He pulled it out and checked the number. It was his son's school.

Still not having said a word to the old owner or any of the strippers, he stepped into a nearby hallway to take the call. "Nakamura."

"Hello, Mr. Nakamura. This is Kate Lowell, the bursar at Rise Academy. I'm sorry to call you out of the blue like this, but I just got off the phone with Sparkle Winters's mother. While I'm sure she's very grateful for your support, she was also very alarmed we couldn't tell her the name of her anonymous donor. So I'm calling you to make sure you don't want to reconsider letting her know who you are to help put her mind at rest."

"No," Suro answered.

"Oh, okay then," Kate said, sounding a little taken aback by his short answer. "I'll let her know I relayed her concerns but that you wish to remain anonymous. Are sure you won't reconsider?"

Suro told her the truth. "I'm sure she'll figure it out soon enough."

"Oh, are you two acquainted?" Ms. Lowell asked.

"Ow, Spidey! You need to stop!" Lacey's voice came down the hallway, still soft and unmistakable, despite the stern warning she was issuing.

"I'm hanging up now," he said, and ended the call with the bursar without further explanation.

But when he turned to face Lacey, he found the unexpected sight of her with a baby in each arm, looking like an overwhelmed mother in a high-collar button up shirt, a sweater vest, and black slacks. This impression wasn't helped by the fact that her sweater vest had a large, noticeable hole in it and one of the babies had a hand wrapped around a chunk of her hair and was practically hanging off of it like Tarzan, Lord of the Babies.

"What are you doing here?" she asked Suro, sounding less surprised than exasperated.

But before he could answer, she deposited the little light brown baby into his arms. "Here, can you just take Ben while I..."

She used her now free hand to pry little Tarzan's hands out of her locks. "No, Spidey. I said no!"

Spidey immediately burst into angry tears.

"Oh, my goodness." She checked her watch and yelled through the slatted wall that stood between the hallway and the main club floor, "Girls, get on stage, please. The club should have opened fifteen minutes ago. And Candy, please stop flirting and meet me in my office to pick up your child."

Candy, who had indeed been flirting with Dexter, one hand fully plastered on his large chest, turned to glare at Lacey, angry embarrassment written across her face. Obviously she wasn't keen on her potential prey knowing she had a baby.

Lacey didn't bother to wait for her response before letting herself into her office, which, to Suro, looked like it belonged to an accountant on one side, with several files and paperwork strewn everywhere, and a daycare teacher on the other, with a play pen, colorful foam mats on the floor, and baskets of toys. She set the baby she called Spidey near one basket, then took Ben from Suro's arms and set him down on the floor.

"Go for it," she said to both of them.

Then she stood just in time to confront a furious Candy. "I can't believe you blew up my spot like that!" the heavily weaved dancer screeched at her, but as quietly as possible so Dex wouldn't hear her.

Lacey rolled her eyes. "Well, I can't believe you left two babies alone in your apartment to talk with a man who's only interested in other men, so we're even."

Candy's face screwed up. "He's gay? How do you know that?"

Lacey shook her head. "Candy, please go open the club doors. I'll be up later with Spidey and Ben to re-explain to you the terms of the co-op babysitting agreement and we'll have a discussion about whether you want to remain a member."

Candy who'd been smiling so sweetly at Dex just a minute ago, suddenly morphed into a neck-rolling stereotype. "Don't tell me how to raise my child!" She shot a pointed look at Suro who stood surveying the situation with a cool, assessing eye. "We under new ownership now. And he might not let you run us like old Tony did!"

Lacey looked like she was about two seconds from slapping the much taller woman. But instead she repeated, "Open up the club and return to your apartment. I will be there soon to talk to you."

Candy opened her mouth to argue further, but her sense of job preservation must have won out, because she ended up just huffing out of the room, slamming the door behind her.

As soon as she was gone, Lacey's fierce boss persona disappeared and she was once again the tired woman Suro had seen coming down the stairs.

"Seriously, what are you doing here?" she asked, as if he were no better than Candy and trying her patience.

What are you doing here?

He slammed into her, his lips taking possession of hers before her back had even hit the wall. But even with his body pressed flush against the soft lusciousness of hers, he wrapped his hand around the back of her neck, trying to bring her closer.

The office, the strip club, his plans-all fell away as he lost himself in her softness, which felt even better than he remembered. It had been three long months of explicit dreams and being forced to quell his ongoing desire for her with his own hand, and now he was burning out of control.

As was she, he soon realized. She not only kissed him back with just as much fervor, rubbing her lush body against his, but her hands were everywhere, in his hair, under his shirt, even on the calf of his left leg.

But then Suro realized she couldn't possibly kiss him like this and get her hands to his calf at the same time. Also, whatever had been patting on his calf just moments before was now full on climbing it.

He abruptly broke off the passionate kiss and looked down to find the little black baby who had been on the other side of the room just a minute ago, crawling up his leg like a koala. And suddenly it became clear why his nickname was Spidey.

WHAT WAS HAPPENING? What was happening? What was happening? Lacey barely had a chance to process that Suro was here, standing in her office in the strip club where she worked, before he was kissing her, flash-bombing all her senses and making her forget her job, her situation, and the fact that her one-night stand had not only paid her daughter's tuition, but had also just shown up out of the blue to purchase the strip club she worked at. While he was kissing her, none of that mattered. The only things that existed were her and Suro and the fevered kiss they were sharing.

But then Spidey brought them both back down to earth as he steadily inched his way up Suro's leg. Just when she thought this situation couldn't get any more surreal...

"I'm sorry," she said. "He likes to climb."

But before she could reach down to pick up the child, Suro did, settling the little boy at his waist and handing him his smartphone to play with before turning his attention back to Lacey.

"You should be sorry, Lacey."

Lacey didn't need ESP to figure out that he wasn't talking about Spidey.

"I'm sorry about that, too," she said. "But again, what are you doing here? You bought the club? And I'm assuming you're the one who paid off Sparkle's tuition."

His face remained unreadable. "You met Dexter briefly at the picnic, and you're aware we're business partners, yes?"

"Yeah," she answered, wondering what that had to do with anything.

"We met in college, remained in touch, and now we run a high-end security business together. Many people assume Dexter is the muscle and I'm the brains. However, you should know something going forward."

He took a step closer, suddenly seeming much more sinister than she remembered, despite the baby in his arms. "Dexter is a computer genius who just so happens to be built like a brick wall. He meets with clients and secures contracts and sets up teams if needed. He's the face of our business, but I'm the enforcer. Though he handled the transaction with your former boss, I'm the one who owns the club now," his eyes became icy slits. "And I do not take kindly to insults."

A thread of real fear twanged in her heart. "What does that mean?" she asked.

His face relaxed and he once again became the mostly impassive man who had picked her up at the bar. "It means I'm in charge now. And I'd like my tour."

CHAPTER 7

"I'm in charge now." It had been two weeks since Suro had issued that ominous edict, and Lacey was still confused as all get out.

After he more or less threatened her with God knows what, she'd picked Ben up, and given Suro, Dexter, and Spidey a tour of the club, introducing them to their day shift dancers and bartenders, explaining the club's hours, pointing them to the books, and then guiding them upstairs to the two floors of one-bedroom apartments they now also owned.

Dexter asked a few questions throughout the tour but Suro remained silent. Neither of them, she could see, were big talkers, but Suro made his partner seem like Chatty Cathy in comparison.

"Let me get this straight," Dexter said at the end of the tour. "You manage the club from eleven in the morning to eight at night six days a week, you're in charge of the books, you're the superintendent of the apartment building, and you run this daycare-what did you call it?"

"The Single Mother Babysitting Co-op. And usually it's not this bad." She indicated Spidey, who was still in Suro's arms, content and happy as if he hadn't just met the man less than hour ago. "Most of the girls are very responsible and grateful for the free daycare."

"She's been letting this Tony take advantage of her," Suro said to Dexter as if she hadn't even spoken.

"Tony pays me really well for what I do," she said. "I work a long shift because I need the hours, plus I get a free apartment for acting as superintendent, and because he okayed the babysitting co-op, we have much lower turn over than most strip clubs, which makes my job a lot easier. Tony's one of the kindest men I've ever met, so don't even try to throw dirt on him around me."

Suro turned cool eyes toward her. "Or what?"

"Listen," she said. "I've had a really long morning, and quite frankly, you're beginning to get on my nerves. Don't 'or what' me about Tony. He's like my second father, and I don't want you talking about him like that, okay?"

Dexter actually laughed. "Well, look at that," he said to Suro. "She's actually pretty loyal."

"When she isn't running," Suro responded.

After that, she babysat both babies in her office while Dexter and Suro went off to talk about something in Tony's office, which was now their office, and Dexter left the club shortly after.

Then...nothing.

She suspected Dexter had gone back to wherever he lived when he wasn't helping his partner buy strip clubs, but Suro came to the club every morning around eleven and stayed until six. Sometimes she spotted him at the bar, silently observing the club's activities with a glass of Yamazaki, a Japanese whiskey, in one hand.

Occasionally, she could feel his eyes on her, especially when she had to attend to some of the dirtier parts of her job, like having patrons thrown out for not obeying the rules when it came to where they could touch the strippers. But he only intervened once.

She'd been in the middle of explaining to a drunken patron that no, she wasn't a stripper, and the slacks, sweater vest, and high-necked blouse she was wearing while doing her rounds wouldn't be coming off for his entertainment, when the patron decided to take matters into his own hands.

"C'mon, don't be a prude, baby," he said, yanking at her sweater vest. "Show us your tits!"

"Let go of me!" One moment she was trying to tug her sweater down and at the same time, get to her walkie-talkie in order to call security. And the next, Suro was pulling the guy off of her.

Before she could finish pushing the talk button on her walkie-talkie, Suro slammed the guy's face into a nearby pole with a graceful efficiency that almost made it seem incongruous when he pulled the man's head back and revealed his now bloodied nose.

Without exchanging one word with Lacey, he took the guy by the back of his collar and all but dragged him screaming in pain out of the club. A few minutes later he was back in his regular spot, leaning against the bar as if he'd never moved in the first place.

Strangely enough, she still wasn't getting a crazy stalker vibe off of him, but that didn't mean she wasn't fully creeped out. There was the mystery of how he'd tracked her down, why he'd bought the club, and most of all, what he wanted from her.

Half of her wanted to confront him and demand answers, even though she knew it was unsafe to invite any more of his attention than she already had. The other half was screaming, "Run! Run!"

But she couldn't run. Not yet. It was easy enough to slip out of a hotel room, but if she wanted to run, that would mean money. A lot of it. She'd not only have to get Sparkle and her a brand new set of IDs, complete with back story, but she'd also have to send Sparkle back to public school, and have enough money leftover to keep them in room and board until she could find another accounting job that would let her work under the table. Even the money she'd saved up for Sparkle's tuition wouldn't be enough. No, she'd need at least thirty thousand to comfortably relocate, and she'd need at least until Christmas to save up that much money.

The Sunday after Suro unexpectedly beat up the handsy patron, she took a substantial amount of money out of the security box Tony gave her for Christmas a few years ago. "Just in case we ever get raided by the Feds. You and Sparkle can run and know your valuables are safe. I've also got a key, so if I need to get you a message, that's how we can do it without you having to figure out how to call me on a line the Feds could trace."

It had been one of the most thoughtful gifts she'd ever received and had caused Lacey more than a little guilt. As far as Tony knew, she'd come to this country illegally when she was a child and though she'd lost her accent, she still hadn't managed to gain citizenship.

If they got raided, it was true she'd have to run and leave everything but Sparkle behind, but not for the reason Tony thought. The truth was, she couldn't risk getting detained for using a dead woman's identity. Detainment meant her picture would be put through the system as they tried to figure out who she really was. And though it'd been ten years since she fled the East Coast, she knew Sparkle's grandfather would never stop looking for her, not until she was dead.

That night she took Tony up on his dinner invitation and asked him to work on getting her the documentation she needed.

He gave her a worried look. "What's going on, kid? Why you so scared? From what I hear, the new guy's keeping everything the same."

"He is," she assured him. "He lets me and the night manager run things, and so far there haven't been any problems. I just like to have a back up plan, you know?"

"Awful expensive this back up plan of yours. And you say the new owner ain't got nothing to do with it?"

The problem with Tony being like a father to her was he could read her like she was his daughter. "Truthfully, I've been thinking I should have an extra set of docs on hand for a while now. You leaving and the new guy coming in was a good reminder of that."

This explanation only made Tony's forehead scrunch up more. "I'm assuming you still don't want to tell me why you need to work under the table in the first place."

She shifted in her chair. "I told you..."

"Yeah, you told me you had immigration issues, but you're a bad liar. You've been working for me for years and you've put together a babysitting co-op, figured out basic plumbing, and cooked my books so well, I've never even been audited. But from what I can see, you still haven't even begun to apply for citizenship. You're more concerned about laying low than setting yourself up legitimately in this country."

She folded her arms and turned away from him. "Trust me, Tony, it's better if you don't know."

Tony sighed. She knew he worried about her, but at the end of the day, he wasn't really her father and getting fake IDs was one of the things Tony knew how to do. "Okay, kid, I'll get you what you need, but like I said, your back up plan's going to cost a pretty penny."

So after paying Tony for the new IDs and back stories, she decided to stay on until Christmas, even if having Suro this close was driving her crazy, physically and emotionally. Her mind was telling her to stay away, but her body was having a hard time forgetting the one night they had shared, the way his hands had felt on her skin, the way he'd made her come as if her pleasure were his personal mission in life.

Her pocket vibrator was getting quite the workout. Usually, she only used it once or twice a month to relax after a particularly long day, but lately she found herself pulling it out of her nightstand drawer every night, thinking about Suro as she let the electronic device give her orgasms that seemed but a dull echo of the ones he'd given her that night.

Before she knew it, almost two weeks had passed without him saying a single word to her. Which was why she was so surprised on Saturday when an envelope appeared at the bottom of her closed office door, sliding into the room with a slick whisper.

She opened it and found a check for two weeks worth of work and her heart sank.

She sat back down at her desk and proceeded to explain over the course of three post-it notes, and in the vaguest way possible, why she couldn't accept payment in form of a check and how Tony had always paid her in cash. Then she attached the three post-its to the paycheck envelope and slid it under his office door, which was also closed.

It didn't take long to get a reply. She'd been back at her desk less than five minutes when a note written in elegant handwriting on heavy parchment paper appeared under the door. It read, "If you want your money in cash, meet me at the Drake Hotel tonight after your shift."

CHAPTER 8

"YOU'RE here to see a Suro Nakamura?" The woman behind The Drake's guest desk gave her a questioning look, and Lacey couldn't blame her. A ratty old Wrigley Field t-shirt and knee-length fleece shorts weren't exactly standard apparel at one of Chicago's finest hotels, and she certainly felt out of place in the opulent lobby, which was festooned with silk burnt orange curtains, dark wood paneling, oversized tufted settees, and incredible chandeliers practically dripping with light and crystals.

She was a little surprised she'd gotten past the red-coated doorman who'd also given her a suspicious once over as he let her into the ritzy Chicago landmark, which had been around since the 1920s. But it wasn't like she'd had much choice. Suro had invited her up to his hotel room, for goodness sake! How else was she supposed to convey she wasn't even remotely interested in entertaining a booty call and what happened in Montana would never happen again?

"Can you check to see if he's staying here?" she said now to the clerk. "I thought we would be meeting in the bar, but he's not there."

The clerk typed the name into her keyboard, and Lacey hoped like crazy she wouldn't get a hit. Maybe he had stood her up, just to teach her a lesson about standing him up in Montana. If that was the case, she could apologize on Monday and possibly get her money without things becoming intimate again.

But the clerk nodded and asked, "Your name?"

"Lacey Winters," she answered.

The clerk picked up the phone and placed a discreet call. "Yes, Mr. Nakamura," she heard the woman say. "Right away."

And a few minutes later, Lacey was standing outside one of the Gold Coast suites, holding a magnetic key card with the name of the hotel printed across the front in Old English lettering.

She still couldn't believe she was standing in The Drake, preparing to let herself into her new boss's hotel room at his instruction. It felt like standing outside a door-shaped Pandora's box. She had no idea what would happen after she dared open it.

But open it she did. It wasn't like she could continue to work without getting paid, and she reminded herself that she regularly stared down men, even larger than Suro, when they tried to get too fresh with the dancers. She could handle this one guy. Couldn't she?

She quickly slipped the key card in the door's locking mechanism before she could chicken out. Inside, she found a spacious hotel room with a separate living area that provided a spectacular night view overlooking Lake Michigan.

Having only one day off a week, she didn't get a chance to see the lake all that often, and it looked particularly pretty, lit up as it was by all the tall buildings running along is shoreline. She got so caught up in the sight, she didn't hear when Suro emerged from wherever he'd been. Suddenly, he was there in the window's reflection, looking dapper in a white open collar shirt, black leather jacket, and a pair of jeans.

She stiffened, but forced herself to turn around to face him.

"Hi," she said.

"Hello," he answered, his cool eyes giving away nothing.

"So you're staying at the Drake? How amazing is that? I've always wondered what this place looked like on the inside. You hear about so many famous people staying here when they come to town, and a few of the dancers have gotten drinks downstairs just to check it out, but I never have. It's a really pretty hotel, and I'm really excited I finally got to see it." Lacey waggled her thumbs. "But it's late and I don't want to keep you, so I guess I should get going after you give me my money."

"Dinner first," he said.

She grimaced. "Hey, thank you for the offer, but I'm way under dressed to be eating at a fancy restaurant, so why don't we just do the money exchange and I'll get out of your hair?"

He took off his leather jacket and hung it across a chair at a round table, which she could now see was covered with a table cloth and set with a bottle of wine, two candles, two side salads, and two dishes of what appeared to be a very delicious-looking chicken linguine with mushrooms, covered in freshly grated parmesan.

"Dinner first," he said again and pulled a seat out for her.

Before she could even think to lie that she wasn't hungry, her traitorous stomach rumbled its appreciation of the well-presented food.

"Thank you," she said, taking a reluctant seat.

The linguine was just as delicious as it looked, and though she didn't dare touch the red wine he'd poured for her, Lacey found herself relaxing and, once again, doing most of the talking, though she did keep trailing off to stare out at the lake.

"Sorry," she said after she did it a fourth time. "It's just...Lake Michigan is so beautiful, and I almost never get to see it at night."

"Why not?" he asked.

She was surprised by the question, since he hadn't asked one the entire time they'd been eating. "Well, you know, my hours are weird, so I don't get much leisure time after the sun goes down."

"You work too much," he said.

She shrugged. "Obviously you make a lot of money doing high-end security, but paying for Sparkle's schooling isn't exactly easy for me."

"Yet you refuse to apply for a scholarship."

She lowered her fork and pasted a smile on her face. "Nope. There are students who need them more than Sparkle, and I don't mind working. It keeps me busy."

He lifted his eyebrows. "Either that or you didn't want to provide the school with your financial records, so you're working what amounts to three jobs to pay her tuition."

Her smile wobbled. That had been exactly why she hadn't applied for a scholarship.

"Speaking of that third job," she said. "I've been meaning to ask is there anything else you want me to do on the accounting side of things."

He steepled his hands over his plate. "Anything else like what?" His onyx eyes met hers and it sent a small shiver down her spine.

"Tony calls it 'creative accounting,'" she said, trying to keep the shakiness she felt out of her voice. "If I have to explain it, then you probably don't need it. It just that you make enough to buy Tony's business and pay for Sparkle's tuition without blinking and I thought that might mean you were involved in something more than high-end security."

His gaze kept her pinned. "If I was, would you think less of me?"

"I-I don't know," she said. "I guess it would depend on what exactly you do besides high-end security."

He regarded her for a few seconds before saying, "You're right, what I do isn't as simple as high-end security. It's highly specialized and very few other men in the world do it as well as I do, that's why I'm able to live as comfortably as I do. Also, I inherited a substantial amount of money from my mother."

"So your mom's dead?" she asked, her heart going out to him because she hadn't known they had this in common.

The same sadness that she'd seen in Montana flickered across his face then. "Yes. Less than fifteen years into their marriage, my father decided he'd made a mistake in marrying my mother for love and started divorce proceedings. You see, she is Chinese, and though her family was very well off in her country, my father's family never approved of their marriage. Her answer to this insult was to take her own life, making him a widow, before he could throw her away. Technically the money should have gone to him, but my father held it in trust for me and gifted it to me on my wedding day."

"That was nice of him," she said, thinking of her own father, who had always put her best interests ahead of his own.

"No," he said, placing his napkin on the table. "It was a manipulation, a gift for marrying the woman he had chosen for me and for assuming the role he designated for me in the family business. If he could have found away to take the money back upon our divorce, he would have done so."

"So you and your father don't get along?" she asked.

"No, but I remain grateful for his presence in my early life." He gave her an up and down look that made goose bumps raise on her arms. "He taught me to be ruthless, and that quality has served me well over the years."

The subject, she could sense, had changed. When he talked about his inherited ruthlessness, he wasn't really talking about his father or even his current job. Something pulsed in the air between them like a tiger ready to pounce.

"Wow, would you look at the time?" she said, making a big show of checking her watch. "I took the El, so I should probably be heading out before it gets too late."

He stood up and picked up his dish. "I don't like leaving dirty dishes for room service. Will you help me rinse these off?"

"Sure. I guess so," Lacey answered, feeling flustered but obligated to at least rinse a few dishes after he'd provided her with such a scrumptious dinner.

So she stood beside him, stiff and unable to provide her usual ramble, because though he had yet to touch her or even look at her in an amorous way, she could feel the sexual tension, thick as a cloud in the room.

He handed her a dish and asked, "What kind of girl are you?"

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"In Montana, you said you weren't the kind of girl who had sex with a man because he bought her dinner. So now I'm wondering what kind of girl you are."

A weird fear caught her heart in a tight lasso. "I still don't understand," she said.

He turned off the water and turned to face her. "You're making it obvious you don't wish to have sex with me tonight. You wore what looks like your workout clothes and you keep trying to leave. Why?"

She swallowed the hard lump of fear lodged in her throat and decided to just give it to him straight. "Because you scare me. Because I still don't know why you paid Sparkle's tuition, or bought my club, or why you're here. But mostly because you scare me. I read guys for a living, and I can't read you, and that makes me nervous."

"Nervous," he repeated. If she'd offended him, he didn't let it show. Instead his eyes drifted down to her outfit. "Choosing to wear these clothes was a mistake."

"Because you wanted me to wear something sexier?" she asked, her back going straight.

"No, because though I've lived in the States since college, I'm still very Japanese."

She shook her head, confused. "What does that mean?"

"Have you ever seen Japanese porn?" he asked her.

She felt her cheeks heat. "Um, no. We get a lot Japanese clients coming through the club, but I haven't explored the country beyond that."

He began unbuttoning his shirt, "If you had ever spent any time in my home country, you would know the Japanese have a somewhat peculiar talent that your own country does not."

It felt like her heart had moved from her chest and set up permanent residence in her stomach, but she couldn't keep herself from asking, "What kind of talent?"

"Tentacles, baths, even simple conversation-we can make anything sexy. So while you were sitting across from me at the table, thinking I'd surely be turned off by your clothing, I was thinking what it would be like reach up under your shirt and take off your bra."

To her surprise, his arms came around her waist, and he distracted her with a hot kiss as his hands snaked under the back of her t-shirt.

"And if you hadn't worn such a simple bra, I wouldn't have been able to do this..."

Before she knew it, he'd unclasped her bra and was pulling it off, taking the admittedly easy-to-maneuver straps down both her arms and stripping the bra off through one armhole.

She'd thought he'd strip her out of her t-shirt next, but instead his mouth closed over one of her nipples, lathing her breast through the worn material. Hot pleasure trickled from her chest straight into her womanhood. And she could feel her nipple puckering inside his mouth as her breasts swelled with instantaneous need.

"What are you doing?" she asked, unable to believe how hot the feel of a man's tongue through her t-shirt was making her.

His answer was to let go of the breast underneath the I-G-L and move on to the one underneath the F-I-E. The cool air hit the now damp breast he'd abandoned, making for a heady contrast of hot and cold as he paid the same wet attention to her other breast. He tugged at it through the t-shirt with long, insistent sucks, and she could feel her pussy clenching in response. "Suro," she moaned.

He stood up straight, his normally cool eyes now ablaze with heat as he took in the outline of her nipples highlighted through the wet spots he made on her shirt.

"Not good enough," he said.

He picked her up.

"Where are you taking me?" she asked, coming out of her sexual daze enough to be alarmed.

He didn't respond, but he walked so swiftly toward the back of the suite that she soon got her answer.

He opened a door to reveal a bathroom and a hot tub roiling with heated water.

"So that was where he was when I came in," she thought to herself.

And that was all she had time to think before he unexpectedly let her go, dropping her into the tub, fully clothed.

She came up from underneath the water sputtering, but then she saw what he saw in the bathroom mirror. Her heavy breasts were now completely on display through the wet material of her t-shirt, down to her dark aureoles.

She gasped and looked up at Suro, who was already in the process of taking off his pants and underwear.

"I can't believe you-" she started.

"We're done talking," he said.

"But-"

He sheathed himself in a condom and climbed into the tub. "We're done talking," he said again, pulling her into his arms.

And this time when she opened her mouth to protest her dunking, his was right there to swallow her words in a long kiss that blazed hotter than the water in the tub.

He was right, she thought, as she helplessly kissed him back. They were done talking.

He took off her shorts, but not her panties. Then he moved them to a nearby ledge, where he sat down before positioning her to face him with one leg on each side of his hips, so she could feel his erection against her drenched, panty covered slit.

But he wasn't done with her t-shirt. He pushed it up from the bottom, until the front half rested above her now soaked breasts, exposing them in a way that felt impossibly erotic with hot water swirling around their bottom halves. She could actually feel his erection swell larger against her womanhood, and she groaned when he once again took her breast into his mouth, sucking on it so hard it blurred the line between pleasure and pain.

And then just when she thought it couldn't get any more intense, he moved the crotch of her panties and he was inside of her, long and hard and completely embedded, so her clit rubbed against the top of his shaft every time he surged into her.

She squeezed her eyes shut and tried to stay in control. But there were too many sensations happening at once. The moving water, his hands on her breasts, his manhood all the way up to her womb.

She let out a helpless moan, trying to hold on, but then he stopped kissing her and said, "Let go."

And she came apart, slamming her hand down on the edge of the tub several times, as the orgasm rocked through her. And he must have been waiting for her to submit to her climax, because he came soon after with an explosion of words she couldn't understand as he throbbed to completion inside of her.

CHAPTER 9

THE next morning, Suro woke up late for only the second time that year. But this time, he wasn't alone. When he rolled over, he found the woman who had been haunting his dreams for over three months, her pretty face covered in a curtain of long dreadlocks.

For a moment his heart lifted, thinking she had actually stayed on purpose. But then he remembered. She still hadn't received her money. It had been the only thing that had brought her to his hotel room the night before and probably was the only thing keeping her there now.

As if to confirm his suspicions, she came awake with a start. "What? Where am I?"

She fully sat up in bed when she saw Suro. "Oh, no," she said, covering herself up with the white sheet.

And though he had a reputation for maintaining his cool no matter what, Suro suddenly found himself saying, his voice tight with anger, "Don't hide yourself from me."

She drew the sheet up further as if his words only made her want to hide from him more. "I know I work at a strip club, but I'm not a stripper. I'm not all that great at sitting around naked in broad daylight."

Somehow her soft words calmed his angry heart. He reached out and lowered the hand she had clenched around the sheet. "I want to see you," he said.

The sheet fell away from her plump breasts and Suro felt himself getting hard again. She angered him like no other woman he had ever known, not even his ex-wife. But the sight of her pleased him, made him want things he'd taught himself to go without, like companionship, and a woman waiting for him when he got home from a job.

"Are you okay?" she asked.

He didn't answer. Mostly because he didn't know himself. Every day he wondered what he was doing here in Chicago, obsessing over this woman.

She studied him with real worry in her eyes. "Sometimes you get this look, like you've got the weight of the world on your shoulders. Do you want to talk about it?"

His nickname in the world of assassins was "The Silence." And it was well earned. For as long as he could remember, he'd never wanted to talk to anyone about anything, except for this one black woman who had somehow slipped under his skin.

He abruptly got out of bed. "I'll order us breakfast."

"I'm sorry," she said behind him. He could hear her scrambling out of bed to gather her clothing, which they'd hung across two chairs to dry the night before. "My father always said I was too nosy. I shouldn't have asked. You don't have to order breakfast. I can make myself some when I get home."

"I'm leaving town on business tonight and won't be back until the Friday after next," he told her.

He watched her carefully, but couldn't tell if she was happy or merely surprised when she said, "Oh."

"Have breakfast with me. Then I'll give you your money and you can go."

He didn't wait for her answer before picking up the phone and putting in a breakfast order big enough for two people.

TWO WEEKS LATER, Lacey was still trying to figure out why Suro had insisted on having breakfast with her. Dinner, she could understand. He was trying to get into her pants, and she'd once again made it ridiculously easy for him to do so despite her claim she couldn't be bought for a plate of pasta. But still, he'd insisted on her having yet another meal with him, which she spent telling him all there was to do for fun in Chicago.

He hadn't touched her after breakfast, or asked her to help with the dishes, or even said goodbye when he walked her to the door and handed her an envelope filled with money. And though she'd earned her paycheck fair and square, she'd felt like a hooker when she'd taken the money from him and thanked him for breakfast.

Then nothing. No calls, no emails, no texts. Not a word from Suro, even though his presence seemed to follow her around throughout the day. She woke up in the morning thinking about him and no matter how much she tried to resist fantasizing about him, her dependence on her pocket rocket only increased after their second encounter.

Absence makes the heart grow fonder, my butt. In her case, Suro's absence made her treacherous body that much hornier. But she couldn't afford to go there, she kept reminding herself. It was fine to fantasize about him, but she couldn't let it go beyond that ever again. The stakes were too high for her to risk involving anyone else in her mess of a life.

By the time she woke up Friday morning, she'd made up her mind. Suro would be back in the office today, no more tiptoeing around him. She'd stand up for herself and let him know there would be no more dinners in his hotel room. From now on, they'd have a professional relationship only. She couldn't afford to let herself become embroiled with a man again, not even one who set her on fire like Suro did.

But when she stormed down to his office before the club opened, she found the door still locked. He wasn't there. He also wasn't there when she tried back a few hours later, and then again during her dinner break.

Maybe he wasn't coming back, she thought. Maybe he had gotten what he wanted and decided he didn't want her anymore. The thought should have elated her, but instead it made her lose her appetite. She ended up only eating two bites of the sandwich she'd made herself for dinner, and a black cloud dogged her during the rest of her shift.

This is what you wanted, she reminded herself as she trudged up the stairs to her apartment. The only reason she was alive today was because she had learned to lay low at all costs and keep her life as simple as possible. No more kids, no men, no close friends, just work and Sparkle.

Another wave of loneliness stole over her. But now she only had work since Sparkle was away at boarding school.

She shoved the loneliness away. She was, despite everything, a happy person. She was lucky to be alive, lucky to have a job that paid her well. She didn't need anything else, she told herself. And by the time she got to her apartment door, she was at least halfway to believing it.

But then she opened the door and found Suro Nakamura in the middle of her living room, doing some kind of flowing but lethal-looking martial arts routine with a long wooden staff, dressed in nothing but a pair of black silk pants.

"What are you doing in my apartment?" she asked, stopping short in the doorway.

He came out of Kung Fu mode and faced her, standing the staff in front of him. "Have you eaten yet?"

"What are you doing in my apartment?!" she repeated, louder and angrier this time.

He grabbed a glass of water from a nearby table and pointed to a sleek suitcase standing near the couch. "I've decided to move in."

CHAPTER 10

AFTER dropping that bombshell, Suro set aside his staff. He then went into her tiny open plan kitchen and dug around her cabinets until he found a large plastic tumbler. Lacey watched in horror as he poured himself a glass of tap water as if he actually lived there.

"You cannot stay here," she informed him, coming to stand on the other side of the counter. She tried to ignore the sight of how good his upper body looked, roped with sinewy muscle and covered with a light sheen of sweat that showed just how hard he had been working out.

He answered by pulling open drawers until he found her stash of takeout menus. "How do you feel about Indian food?" he asked, holding up one menu.

"You can't just barge in here and tell me you're staying," she said, ignoring the answering rumble of her tummy, which hadn't been provided an adequate dinner. "It's my apartment."

"In the apartment building I own," he said, perusing the menu.

"Yeah, but just because you own the place doesn't mean you can squat here. Tenants have rights!"

He put the menu down and came over to face her across the counter. "You're right, Lacey. My being here does violate several tenant laws. You should call the police."

She stood there frozen with frustration, because she knew, and was fairly sure he'd correctly guessed, there was no way a woman in her position would ever call the police for anything.

"You know the line between aggressive and insane stalker guy?" she asked. "You've totally crossed it. I mean totally crossed it. You're like a football field over where that line should be!"

She had hoped calling him on his crazy behavior would shame him into leaving but he just picked up his phone and ordered them a chicken curry for dinner. Which was how Lacey came to find herself, forty minutes later, sitting across the rickety old wooden table in her living room, sharing a meal with a man who apparently did not understand the definition of a one night stand. And to make it even worse, he had showered and redressed in dark jeans and a long-sleeved black Henley shirt, and outfit that both showed off his lean build, and made her want to remove his shirt, like he had removed hers two weeks before.

She was so angry and frustrated, she didn't even attempt to make conversation and let the whole meal progress in silence. But if he noticed the eye daggers she was throwing across the table at him, he didn't acknowledge it.

And when she turned on the television and switched it to a reality show about brides picking out wedding dresses at a fancy New York boutique-the girliest, most off-putting thing she could think of-he simply sat down beside her, spreading his arms across the back of the couch. And he smelled so good, like soap and whatever expensive shampoo he had used to wash his hair, it put her in mind of a crisp Arctic tundra. She couldn't believe he was here, in her home, acting like he had nothing better to do with his Friday night than watch bridal shows until it was time to go to bed.

Speaking of which, when he went to use the bathroom after the fourth bridal episode, she hastily got up, pulled out the bumpy sofa bed Sparkle used to sleep on, and dressed it in the Dora the Explorer sheets Sparkle still insisted on even though she was twelve. She threw the matching comforter on top, then scrambled into her bedroom, locking the door behind her.

Usually she washed her face and brushed her teeth before bed, but if it meant putting some distance between her and Suro, she could go without this one time, she thought as she changed into her pajamas. But no sooner had she settled into bed, in waltzed Suro, letting himself into her bedroom as if she had issued him an invitation and hadn't locked the door.

She switched on her bedside lamp, glaring at him angrily with her arms folded tightly across her chest. "You're not sleeping here," she told him. "I made up the couch outside for you. If you don't like it, you can move back to your hotel. Or better yet, get an apartment of your own if you're really serious about staying in Chicago."

Suro casually took off his clothes, giving her a glimpse of his fully erect penis, before he climbed in on the other side of her very small bed.

Lacey moved as close to the edge as she could, but it wasn't far enough to avoid the heat coming off his body or the sexual tension crackling in the space between them.

This would usually be the time when she "let off some steam" with her pocket rocket, but she couldn't do that with the off-limits subject of her fantasies lying right beside her, now could she? Her traitorous body swelled underneath the oversized t-shirt and flannel pants she'd worn to bed, imploring her to take advantage of the fact that Suro, the man she had been getting off to for the last two weeks, was lying close enough to touch, and to kiss, and to...

She pushed those thoughts away. Suro had guessed correctly that she was powerless to kick him out of her apartment or even her bed. But she'd be damned if she let him also take control of her body. She crossed her arms over her pebbled nipples. No sir, she was staying right where she was. It would be a cold day in hell before she let Suro claim her again, no matter what kind of protest her body put forth.

LACEY WAS BEING STUBBORN. Another two weeks had passed since Suro moved into her apartment, and she still hadn't given in. She not only ignored him in bed-the fact that she slept on the tiniest sliver of the mattress her only acknowledgement of his presence-but she also refused to share any more meals with him. She said no when he offered to make her eggs and toast to go along with his own Japanese breakfast, choosing instead to pour herself a bowl of cereal, which she ate standing at the kitchen counter while he read the Chicago Tribune at the table. And though he sometimes noticed her eyeing his meal of rice, salted salmon, sour plum, and miso soup with curiosity, she didn't say one word.

Though his professional counterparts called him The Silence, it seemed within the confines of her apartment, she was making a bid for the title. Two days after he moved in, she not only ate at the kitchen counter again, but she also made herself a huge vat of jambalaya, portions of which she ate at her desk as opposed to coming upstairs for dinner after her shift.

In yet another effort to take back control, Suro started eating the jambalaya himself for three days straight, effectively limiting her ability to live off of it for too long. In truth, it wasn't a hardship. He'd been to New Orleans often on business, but Lacey made the best jambalaya he had ever tasted. The flavors popped in his mouth in a rambunctious symphony of tomatoes, chicken, rice, sausage, and spices, not all of which he could name.

It tasted so down home and authentic, he wondered if she wasn't from New Orleans. So far, Dexter hadn't been able to track down any more information on Lacey's real identity other than the fact that she definitely wasn't Lacey Winters. The real Lacey had been a retail clerk and had died with a gold tooth in her mouth, which had later been used to identify her body along with that of her two-year old daughter, Sparkle.

He'd spent enough time with Lacey to figure out she wasn't the kind of woman who would wear a gold tooth. And he'd often wondered at her choice of the name Sparkle for her daughter-it seemed unusual and not in character for a woman who was obviously doing everything in her power to lay low. But most of what he knew about her remained in his gut. He'd done a thorough search of her humble apartment while she was at work and the most interesting things he'd found were a suitcase, packed and ready to go, seemingly at a moment's notice, in the closet, and a small vibrator in her nightstand drawer. To his frustration, Lacey wasn't only cagey about her real identity, she was also very thorough. There was nothing in the apartment to indicate she was anyone other than who she said she was.

After a week of fruitless searching, he decided to break into her office the next Sunday and search there. Meanwhile, he found himself frequently cleaning his guns, which he'd hidden in the living room closet, whenever Lacey wasn't in the apartment. Not just to give himself something to do while he waited for his next assignment, but also to keep himself from going crazy with growing lust.

When he'd been scoping out his target in Europe, a war criminal who had made off with a treasured painting belonging to his client's mother, he had thought of little else but finishing the job, retrieving the painting, and getting back to Lacey. In truth, he had taken a few chances he shouldn't have in order to wrap things up in less than two weeks so he could return to Chicago.

At the time, moving into her apartment without her consent had seemed like a good idea. He hadn't wanted to waste any more time away from her and had hoped she might finally tell him the truth, if only to get rid of him. But instead, she had decided to take a different approach: withdrawing and refusing to deal with him, and this made him feel worse than when she had railed at him, calling him an insane stalker.

In fact, when she discovered the jambalaya was gone, she simply got her big cast iron skillet and made red beans and rice, a relatively simple dish that made Suro rock back in his seat, it was so good. He told her as much that night, but she just shook her head at him.

"So you're the one whose been eating the food I made for myself," she said, like he was some sort of vermin who had been stealing food behind her back.

The situation was becoming untenable. Not only was he beginning to feel like the creep she had painted him as, but he was also even more sexually frustrated than he'd been while in Europe on assignment. And then there was that fact that he'd managed to get exactly zero answers to the question of Lacey's real identity.

But two Sundays after he moved in, he had major break through in the case. Lacey had left early in the morning. Where? He didn't know, since it was her day off. He'd been tempted to follow her, but decided to use the opportunity to search her office instead.

The good thing about trying to get under someone's skin was that he didn't have to bother being discreet.

He moved papers and furniture, looking for clues, making it so Lacey would definitely know he'd been snooping around.

Lacey had shown Dexter and him the contents of the safe in her office while giving them the tour. It consisted of stacks of the money she'd referred to as "miscellaneous funds" but was no doubt money being laundered through the club. And there was nothing of note on her computer.

However, there was a locked drawer.

Suro easily picked it and slid open the drawer to reveal nothing except a stapler, some rubber bands, and other office supplies. He slammed it closed in frustration, but then allowed his usual calm to steal over him.

Why would someone lock up office supplies?

He opened the drawer again, this time pulling it all the way out and looking underneath. He tapped its bottom and his mouth quirked up when the wood emitted a hollow sound. The bottom was false.

He made quick work of getting into the hidden space and finding its contents: a solitary safety deposit box key. It was a small thing, but Suro had the feeling it held more importance to Lacey than its size conveyed.

He slipped the key into the pocket of his jacket. He'd just hold on to it, he decided, and see what happened next.

CHAPTER 11

"I'M eighteen now, Daddy, you can't tell me what to do!" she screamed at her father. They were having yet another argument about Hector.

"Maybe, but I still get to decide who I serve up in my shop. Don't you bring that boy around here again!"

"You embarrassed me so bad. I can't believe you kicked him out!"

"I'm going to do more than that if he ever show his face around here again. Now lower your voice. We don't need the customers all up in our business. I'm already embarrassed about you bringing that hoodlum here,"

They were in the backroom of the restaurant, but her father's place was small. It'd be easy for the customers to hear their argument if she didn't do as he said.

But she rolled her eyes. Her father acted like his business wasn't located on Hermitage Avenue, one of the most notorious areas in West Trenton. "You mean unlike all these upstanding gangstas you get coming through here?" she asked, only slightly lowering voice. "And he's not a hoodlum. He got into Rutgers, just like me, and he's made the Dean's List every year he's been there."

"Just cuz he dress nice and talk like a white boy don't mean he ain't a hoodlum." Her father folded his beefy arms across his chest.

She let out a strangled sound of frustration. It was like talking to a brick wall!

"You can't judge him on who his father is," she said. "Hector junior is a good person, an upstanding student, and he loves me! The rest of it doesn't matter."

Her father shook his head at her. "This is my fault. I let you read all them romance novels when you was a kid, and now you gone and lost your damn mind. That boy's father is the head of the Dominican mafia, Tasha. I got to pay him protection money just to keep his gangstas from busting the place up."

"Hector said he'd talk to his father about that. You won't have to pay anymore."

"So now you think I should be grateful you seeing that little good-for-nothing, because I might not have to pay money I shouldn't been paying in the first place?"

"No, you're putting words in my mouth," she smoothed a hand over her relaxed hair, which was pulled into a ponytail. "I'm saying Hector is kind and thoughtful and nothing like his father."

Her own father picked up his mixing spoon and pointed it at her. "Apples don't fall far from the tree, cher. Especially when that tree be rotten to the core. You listen to me on that now."

Lacey awoke with a gasp, her heart beating rapidly in her chest. Memory dreams were the worst, especially this particular one involving her father. She always woke up from them feeling both sad he was no longer alive and guilty she hadn't had the good sense to listen to him.

She looked over to the other half of the bed, which was now empty. At least she didn't have to deal with Suro. He was already up doing his morning exercises.

She got out of bed and gathered up her clothes for the shower. She was still kicking herself, because it hadn't occurred to her until the night before, while once again having trouble falling asleep across from a naked Suro, that she could go stay with Tony.

Tony had a two-bedroom condo in Edison Park, and he probably wouldn't mind the company. One thing was for certain, something had to give. As much as she'd tried not to show it, the sudden return of recurrent memory-dreams proved it. Living with Suro was driving her crazy.

It wasn't just his insisting on coming to bed naked, or that he was always there, which meant she hadn't had sex with anything human or mechanical for almost two weeks, but she was also getting used to having him around.

She hadn't realized how lonely she'd been living by herself until Suro came along and somehow filled up the apartment with his mostly silent presence. To her surprise, she'd easily gotten used to seeing his grooming products in their mostly black and grey bottles next to her pastel-colored ones on the bathroom sink and in the shower caddy. She'd also gotten used to having company while she watched television to unwind at night and had even started picking programs she thought they might both enjoy, even though Suro never said anything either way. And though she acted like she was put out by the fact that he ate everything she made with great gusto, it secretly gave her a thrill.

Sparkle didn't like any kind of spicy food, so it was good to see someone else appreciating her father's recipes. He'd raised her on traditional New Orleans cuisine, and cooking it helped alleviate some of her guilt that his recipes hadn't died with him. Now somebody other than her knew what a great cook he had been.

She found herself wondering what her father would have thought of Suro, who came from the other side of the world but had the same quiet steadiness he did. Then she pushed those thoughts away.

Suro, whether he knew it or not, was wearing her down, and that more than anything struck her as dangerous. So on Sunday morning, she got up, pretended to ignore Suro doing his morning exercises, and made a special trip to Tony's favorite donut shop.

She showed up at his condo with coffee and a half dozen chocolate glazed, only to have a surprised young man in a t-shirt and pajama bottoms answer Tony's door.

"Hi," she said, non-plussed. "I'm here to see Tony. Are you his nephew or something?"

"No, I'm his tenant," the guy answered with a big, yawning stretch. "Moved in about a week ago."

Lacey frowned. "But where's Tony then?"

The guy shrugged. "No idea. I met him a couple of times, but now he's using a management company to run the place, and that's who I'm paying rent to."

Lacey shook her head, both disappointed and confused. "Well, I guess you can have these then."

She handed him the coffee and donuts, and the guy's tired face lit up. "Coffee and donuts?" He took a sip of the coffee. "Sweet! Thanks!"

"You're welcome," she said, and turned to go, still wondering why Tony would move without telling her and what he had done with the money she'd given him for her and Sparkle's new identities.

But then the guy called out behind her, "Hey, you're not Lacey are you?"

She turned back around. "Yes, I'm Lacey."

"Oh, sorry. Tony said this girl name Lacey from his old strip club might stop by, and he left a letter for you. But I thought you'd look like, you know, a stripper. No offense."

"None taken," she said.

"Hold on." He crammed a donut in his mouth before disappearing back into the apartment.

A few minutes later she was sitting on the stoop of Tony's old building reading the letter he had left behind. She had to squint hard at his chicken scratch writing to decipher it.

Sorry, kid. I know it's not nice to disappear like I did, but I never been a goodbye kind of guy and I didn't want it to get too touchy-feely. I left the materials we was talking about and some extra money for you and Sparkle in the box. Once I figure out where I'm going to be staying, I'll try to send you a postcard or something.

Your friend,

Tony

It was a simple letter, but Lacey found herself raising her hand to her mouth and crying after she read it. She had just lost the only other man on earth she cared about and she hadn't even known he'd left the city.

Thoughts of her real father, the other man she had lost, filled her head on the El ride home. She could still see him now, kissing her and his granddaughter, who Lacey had originally named Darla, goodbye before they left for her first under-the-table job as a daycare worker in West Philadelphia.

She should have returned home around six that evening. But just as she was about to unlock the apartment door-Darla balanced carefully on one hip-she remembered she'd left some important documents in the car...documents she was supposed to return to Lacey Winters, the retail clerk who lived across the hall with her two-year-old daughter, Sparkle. Lacey, who had dreams of getting into college but didn't want to bother with GED classes, had paid her a thousand dollars to take the GED test for her the previous day, giving her two forms of ID to pull the fraud off.

She'd taken the money and the test, though she'd known her father wouldn't approve. A thousand dollars was a lot of money and since they were both working under the table-he as a short order cook, for a fraction of what he used to make owning his own restaurant-she felt bringing in extra cash was the least she could do.

She decided to carry Darla down with her to grab the paperwork. It was easier to take her toddler back down the multiple flights of stairs than it was to open the apartment door and face her father. He was a smart man and if she told him she'd left something in the car, he'd certainly have questions-questions she preferred to avoid.

At the last minute, she decided to go out the side door to the parking lot in order to throw away an empty raisin box Darla had been nibbling from. This decision would ultimately save both their lives. She was tossing the carton into the dumpster when she both felt and heard the explosion.

Later, Philadelphia newspapers would declare the explosion that took several lives in their death trap of a tenement building "accidental." They'd insinuate that the John Doe who owned the faulty stove might, like many people living in the building, have been hooked on crack and lit up without realizing his stove had a leak in it.

But Lacey knew instantly she'd been the intended victim. Though she and her father had taken great pains to stay hidden in North Philly, somehow Darla's grandfather, Hector Mendez Sr., had found them.

Maybe someone recognized her on the street. Fairhill, where they lived, wasn't the best neighborhood and had a huge Hispanic population. Hector Mendez had probably spread the word he was looking for her beyond New Jersey. But in the end, it didn't really matter how he found out, only that he did. She had learned her lesson.

Lacey would never trust anyone again with real information about her past. From then on, her main mission in life became doing whatever it took to keep her daughter and herself safe and alive. Even if whatever meant getting on a bus to Chicago and using the ID that belonged to a woman who had died because of her. She got as far away from the East Coast as she could on the limited funds she had eventually landing under-the-table work at a rundown diner.

However, less than a year after their arrival in Chicago, the newly re-dubbed Sparkle started setting off red flags at her daycare and was eventually diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome. Lacey knew she'd need more money than her job waiting tables could provide to get Sparkle the services she needed. But she was too scared to use a dead women's ID to try to finish her degree, so Lacey spent whatever time wasn't taken up by Sparkle and her job at the library, relearning all the accounting basics she'd been taught before being forced to run for her life. She hoped she might prove to her current boss that he should let her take over the books.

Unfortunately, the cook/owner of the diner was a penny-pinching pig. Not only did he turn down her offer, saying he could handle his books himself, but he also fired her for merely suggesting he might need someone to cook his books so the IRS didn't get suspicious that he was the only one on the official payroll at his restaurant.

Then she'd met Tony at the library.

They might never have talked, except he was an avid reader and the one who came upon her quietly crying at one of the library kiosks in her waitress uniform.

"What's the matter, kid?" he'd asked. "You're too young to be crying all over your homework."

She looked down at the accounting textbook she'd been trying to study before it all became too much and realized he had mistaken her for a student. An easy mistake to make, considering she was only twenty-one. But she hadn't felt as young as her age in years and at that moment, suspected she never would again.

He handed her a handkerchief, they got to talking, and the next thing she knew, she was installed in his club as a bookkeeper.

At least it started off as bookkeeping, but a few years later one of his managers quit and she asked if she could take over the position, and when his building superintendent passed away, she'd also jumped on that job and the free apartment that came with it.

She considered Tony a saint for giving an out-of-work waitress he'd found crying in the library a job, and though she knew more than anyone how quickly people could be taken away, she had started thinking of him as a permanent fixture in her life. Was it any wonder that she cried all the way home?

But her tears quickly dried up when she saw the state of her office.

"No," she whispered. Then she saw the drawer where she'd hidden the security deposit key, the one that unlocked the box only she and Tony had keys for. It was sitting on top of her desk, quietly informing her that her most valuable possession was now in the hands of someone else.

"No! No! No!" she cried out loud.

CHAPTER 12

LACEY had never been so angry in her life. Not when she and her father had been forced to run away from New Jersey and relocate to Philadelphia. Not when she'd gotten fired from her waitressing job. Not even when her father died in the explosion meant for her. All those times she'd been more scared than angry.

But as she rushed up the stairs toward her apartment to confront her unwanted squatter, red tinged the edges of her visions. How dare he? Rooting around her apartment was one thing. There had been nothing to find there. But ransacking her office and taking the safety deposit key Tony had given her? An angry sound tore out of her throat as she opened the door to her apartment.

But then she came to understand she hadn't really been mad. No, she didn't really get mad until she found Suro standing at her counter, calmly drinking a glass of water with her silver security deposit key hanging around his neck on a thin chain.

That was when she knew the meaning of true rage.

She flew over the counter at him, grabbing for the key around his neck. Her key. The one thing that unlocked everything of value she had in this world. "Give. It. Back."

"No," he said, fending her off easily. He caught both her wrists in his hands. And gave her a gentle shove backwards.

"Give it back!" This time she screamed the words. "And then get out of my apartment, you psycho!!"

She tried snatching the key from him again, but once more, he simply caught her wrists and sent her stumbling backwards as if she were little more than a pesky child.

"Get out of my apartment!" she screamed, tears of frustration and fury gathering in her eyes. "You have no right to be here, or to take my things! You have no idea what I've been through to get the things I keep in my security deposit box!"

"No, I don't know what you've been through," he said in an infuriatingly calm voice. "Why don't you tell me?"

"Because I don't want to! They're my secrets. Mine! And that is my key. Give it back!"

He inclined his chin at her, his eyes seeming to go even more dead, as if she were a bug he were studying. "No."

This time she didn't go for the key. Her hands went straight for his face in a very deliberate attempt to scratch his eyes out. But her fingers barely grazed his cheeks before her wrists were once again bound in his iron grip.

However, this time he didn't push her away. "Calm down," he said.

Which only infuriated her more. She pulled and tugged, trying to get her wrists free, but the more she tried, the stronger his grip became, until her arms were aching and her spirit was wrung dry.

She started crying. Not regular tears of frustration, but the kind of ugly tears that signaled a nervous breakdown. She was so tired of fighting for everything. Staying hidden, staying alive, making enough money, keeping her distance from Suro. And now Tony was gone. And she had no idea how she would get the key back. And her father. Her poor father...she remembered the tired smile he'd given her before she and Darla had left that morning long ago, the last smile he'd given her.

And she sobbed, her heart coming undone as if he had died all over again. For whatever reason, this gained her freedom. Suro let go of her hands, and her arms fell to her sides like worn strings as she continued to cry.

Then to her surprise, Suro's arms came around her, wrapping her up in an embrace so stiff, it was obvious he hadn't initiated a hug in a very long time, if ever.

But she held on, because though she hated him at that moment, she knew the alternative was having a nervous breakdown right there in her own kitchen.

Then they were kissing. She didn't know who started it, but once it began, it blasted through them both like an unstoppable fire.

"Tell me who you really are," he demanded, dragging his lips across her neck. "Tell me everything."

Now it was her turn to say, "No."

A glass of water crashed to the floor and the next thing she knew, she was bent over the counter, her breasts pressed against the formica tile as he pulled down her jeans before taking the elastic band out of her hair. She felt her dreadlocks fan out across her back and heard his sharp intake of breath behind her.

"Do you understand how you've tortured me these last few weeks?" he asked. "How much control you've made me exercise over myself?"

One hand held her in place, while the other pulled aside the crotch of her panties. "Tell me," he said again.

"No," she moaned. Her pussy was on fire now...she could feel it dripping, despite the situation she was in and how furious she was. The apartment's cool air hit her exposed lips and it only made her squirm more. "No," she said again, even as she moved her hips against the hand holding the crotch of her panties. "I'll never tell you anything, so you can stop wasting your breath and just fuck me."

"Tell me." He plunged into her from behind, stroking into her deep as he said it over and over again, "Tell me. Tell me. Tell me."

He worked her clit with fast strokes of his hand, his chest moving across her back as he commanded again, "Tell me."

"No," Lacey moaned. She bit down on her lip, trying to hold on to herself, despite the onslaught of pleasure his movements were producing inside her pussy. "No."

Then another, "Nooo!" when she came hard, her pussy clenching around both his hand and his dick.

He growled and suddenly her shirt was off, followed by her bra. He pulled out just long enough to put her on the floor and plunge back into her, this time bending her leg over his shoulder to open her wide as he thrust into her, his eyes hot with anger, as he said again, "Give in."

"No," she said, even as she rolled her hips up into his. "Never."

"I have spent months trying to figure you out," he panted. "If you want this key back, you will tell me everything."

She was aflame for him and so angry, it was hard to tell where the anger left off and the lust began. She only wanted two things at that moment, to come again and to piss Suro off.

"I'm done being threatened by you!" Oh, his cock felt so good inside her. "If you don't give me my key, I'll figure something else out. But you don't own me, and you can't make me do anything I don't want to do." She could feel herself reaching the edge. "Fuck you!"

Then she spit in his face.

He froze on top her, and she took his moment of surprise to grab for the key, but just as her fingers were about to connect with the shiny object, he grabbed her wrists, even harder than before. And that was it. He slammed her trapped arms above her head and lost control on top of her, pounding into her as what she could only assume were Japanese cuss words streamed out of his mouth.

She cursed him right on back. "Fuck you," she said. "Fuck you."

Then she nearly blacked out from the orgasm. It hit her hard, exploding across her pussy and shaking her to the very core.

He came a few moments later, his face red and angry, veins throbbing in his neck.

Neither of them realized he wasn't wearing a condom until his seed flooded into her womb on a red-hot river of lust and recrimination.

SURO ROLLED AWAY FROM LACEY. And for a few moments, he could only lay on the hard kitchen floor trying to figure out what had just happened.

He'd never lost control like that. Not once, and especially not with a woman.

He wanted to yell, he wanted to apologize, he wanted to walk out and never see this woman who so threatened his equilibrium ever again.

But in the end he said, "I need to know. I don't know why, but not knowing is making me crazy."

"I don't know why you need to know either," she said in a spent voice beside him. "But I'm not going to tell you. It isn't safe for me or you."

"I can take care of myself." And you, if you would just let me. But he didn't say that aloud, because he knew it would scare her even more than it scared him.

"You can take care of yourself better if you don't know," she answered. "If I were you, I'd put my mind to figuring out how to live with the fact that I'm never going to tell you."

He turned to her then, feeling some of the old calm slip back over him. "I'll find out whether you tell me or not."

She let out an audible sigh at that. "No, you won't." She sat up. "And you probably don't have to worry about me getting pregnant. I went off my period yesterday."

Suro was startled to realize he hadn't been worried. If anything, the thought of them being bound by something more than sex held a certain appeal. For a moment he allowed himself to imagine a life with her, waking up every morning next to her warm body. Listening to her soft voice as he ate his breakfast, watching her nurse the baby they'd made together.

His ex-wife, Yumiko, had hated motherhood from the beginning, insisting on a night nurse, and always handing Kenji over to one of their nannies for feeding and changing. She had been perfect for Tetsuro Nakamura, the black sheep of the Tokyo Nakumuras, on paper. She hailed from an esteemed family, but had still been willing to marry a hafu, the half-blood son of a Japanese father and Chinese mother. They had lived quite peacefully together for the years Suro had spent establishing himself as an International Security Executive at the Miami branch of his family's company, before they caved into family pressure and had a baby.

However, Yumiko turned out to be more adept at shopping and going on spa days with other executive wives than mothering their son. And when nanny after nanny started quitting due to Kenji's difficult behavior, it had only taken the eventual Asperger's diagnosis for her to quit, too. She'd gone back to her family in Japan, and eventually gotten remarried to an older man who already had grown sons and daughters. After the divorce was finalized, she never made contact with him or their son again.

Suro came to realize the bright and accommodating woman he had married had been little more than an act. What she had really been was lazy and money-hungry. Any wealthy man would do as long as he didn't demand too much of her.

Lacey, on the other hand, had stuck by her daughter. And he had no doubt she would make an excellent mother. A wave of disappointment washed over him. "You don't want children?" he asked her.

"It's not about what I want," she answered. "And please stop pretending you care what I want. If you did, you wouldn't be up in my apartment with my security key around your neck."

He turned on his side to face her then. "I care," he informed her. "I wouldn't be here if I didn't care."

She shook her head. "No, you're just trying to manipulate me, because you're mad I stood you up."

That was true, but what he said next was also true. "And because I care." He turned his head toward her so she could see the truth in his eyes. "I care about you."

For a moment her own eyes melted, but then her face hardened and she said, "Then give me back my key."

"Tell me who you really are," he countered.

"I can't," she said.

"You don't trust me."

"No, I don't," she told him point blank. "You tracked me down to Chicago, bullied your way into my life, and stole my key. I don't trust anybody, but I really don't trust you. Can you blame me?"

"I need you to trust me."

"Why?"

"Because what I do-I don't have a pretty career. I can't come home to a woman I don't trust. And I can't trust you if you don't trust me."

"Well, you haven't exactly been doing a bang-up job of gaining my trust."

And there they were, in yet another stand-off, until Suro said, "I would like to make a counter offer."

"What kind of counter offer?"

"Be with me, really be with me until Christmas and I'll give you back the key."

She seemed to be weighing her options in her head, running some kind of mental calculation. Finally she said. "Okay, but with a few conditions: no more asking me about who I am or snooping around my office or acting like a crazy stalker."

He actually gave her conditions some consideration. He fully intended to find out who she was before Christmas, and not snooping around or fishing for answers would put a crimp in his plans.

When he needed information from a reluctant source, his go-to methods were searching the guy's spaces and asking him the same questions over and over again. Along with food and sleep deprivation, this combination usually proved to be effective enough. And though Lacey had done a very good job of covering her tracks, she wasn't a trained assassin. If he wore her down enough, he'd probably be able to break her.

The only problem was he didn't want to break her. He wanted her to trust him enough to tell him who she really was, and if he played his cards right, he might be able to gain that trust by Christmas.

"I agree to your conditions." He sat up and held out his hand for them to shake on the matter.

But she hesitated. "How do I know you'll keep your end of the bargain?" she asked, sitting up, too.

"I am man of my word. The question right now is are you a woman of yours?"

Something about his question seemed to cause her a great deal of pain. Her eyes flickered away for a second, but then she said, "Fine" and took his hand. They shook on it. Then she smiled.

"You know most guys send flowers and candy when they want a girl to go with them."

"Go with them?" His English was superior to many native speakers, but occasionally an idiom came along that he didn't recognize.

"Be their girlfriend." She reached for her t-shirt and used it to cover up her chest. "But I guess in this case, we're more like sex buddies than boyfriend-girlfriend."

"Don't," he said. He took the t-shirt away from her and let his eyes roam over her ample chest. "We've discussed this before. Don't hide from me in this way, especially now that we're 'going with' each other."

She shook her head. "I can't guarantee I'll ever get used to sitting around with you naked."

He leaned in and kissed her clavicle, then licked the salty skin on her neck. He liked the way she tasted, like sweet soap and sweaty sex. "You will."

"Mmm," she said, leaning into his kiss. "Can we move back to the bed, though? This kitchen floor is getting harder by the minute."

So was he.

He helped her up and escorted her to the bedroom, wondering what he had just agreed to. He had finally gotten the upper hand. She wouldn't be running away again, at least not until Christmas, and she would once again be sharing his bed. So then why did it feel like he had just made himself vulnerable?

CHAPTER 13

WHEN Lacey agreed to share Suro's bed until Christmas in exchange for him stopping his investigation and giving her the key, she thought she was getting the better end of the bargain. Great sex and the time and money she needed to hatch an escape plan. All she had to do was keep her heart firmly locked away in the box she'd put it in when her father died ten years ago.

And that should have been easy enough. Suro was great in bed, but he wasn't exactly warm or even all that romantic. She doubted he'd send her flowers or fill her ears with pretty words like Hector Jr. had.

And she had been right. Suro remained as silent as ever, rarely speaking unless she asked him a question. And then he only responded in monosyllables. Her: "How was your day, Suro?" Him: "Fine." However, this only made the few compliments he did give her that much more special.

"You truly have a gift," he'd said, the first time he tasted her shrimp etouffee, and the five-word compliment had her glowing all night.

She couldn't imagine Suro saying, "Damn, babe, your body is banging," as she'd heard a few customers calling out to the strippers downstairs, but the way he worshiped her curves with his hands and mouth every night made her feel like nothing short of a goddess.

Within a week of their handshake, she had gotten used to walking around the apartment naked until she was ready to leave for work and him slowly stripping her out of her clothes as soon as she got home. There had to be something sexier than watching her make dinner in nothing but an apron, but from the look on Suro's face as she did so every night, he didn't think so. And thank goodness she had acquired a taste for the mostly cold Japanese breakfasts Suro made, because often his eyes would heat up across the table and she'd find herself engaged in chair sex midway through the meal.

Even when she tried to cover up before breakfast, he only took off her clothes again, peeling each item off one by one, with steady hands and a chastising look on his face. It should have made her feel like a sex toy, but instead it made her feel treasured, like of all the women on Earth, Suro most wanted to be with her.

She began to suspect he didn't give her gifts like designer clothing because he didn't want her to get any ideas about actually wearing clothes when she was in his presence. But she soon found this didn't mean she wouldn't be getting any gifts from him.

The Monday after they made the agreement, he moved her schedule forward to nine in morning, ending at six at night. He gave the night manager an extra hour at the top of his schedule and hired a hulking bartender, whose duty it was to also keep an eye on the girls during the hour between when Lacey left and the night manager arrived.

And when she'd noticed the water wasn't getting warm in her shower one morning, she'd gone downstairs to check the water heater, only to find a plumber already working on it.

"Who are you?" she asked.

"Name's Hank," he answered, handing her his card. "Mr. Nakamura subcontracted me to do all the maintenance on your building. You must be the superintendent. Next time you've got a problem, just give me a call and I'll be here to fix it in a jiffy."

And as if that hadn't been enough, Suro showed up at her office one day and said, "Come with me."

She followed him to the back room, which they used as a catch all for back up poles, overstock, and what not. But when he opened the door this time, she found a sparkling-clean room with yellow walls that still smelled faintly of the paint used to cover up the old dingy white. There were three cribs, a playpen, and several shelves stuffed with toys.

She covered her mouth with both her hands. "This is beautiful. I can't believe you-"

But before she could finish a soft tap sounded on the door, and a plump Hispanic woman came in and introduced herself as Miss Beatriz. According to Miss Beatriz, she was certified to care for up to four children at a time and provide emergency daycare if any of the dancers should need it between the hours of eleven and six. The co-op would still be responsible for the afterschool care of the older kids, but Miss Beatriz would give the club much needed back up with the younger ones.

Lacey, who had literally had nightmares about one of the children getting hurt after what had happened with Ben and Spidey, had thrown her arms around Suro's neck and thanked him with a face full of kisses. As it turned out his gifts weren't as good as the ones the strippers got from their admirers.

They were way better.

"So I guess you think you're hot shit now?" said a voice behind her when she was taking inventory at the bar before the day-shift bartender arrived at noon.

She turned around to see Candy, dressed in the pink teddy and white boots she wore for her rare daytime set.

"I don't think I'm anything but counting these bottles," Lacey answered. "Can I help you?"

Candy sniffed. "Here's the rest of the rent money I owe you. Just got a hundred dollar tip off my lap dance. Big spender from that businessman over there. He's Korean like the new boss." Then she sniffed again.

"Suro's Japanese and Chinese," Lacey said, not liking the sound of that sniff. Lacey didn't look like she had a cold or allergies, and she'd been short on rent money the last two months in a row. If that didn't scream coke habit, she didn't know what did. "And you're not supposed to just give me your tips. You know everyone else has to get their percentage during tip out at the end of your shift."

Candy sniffed again, this time with contempt. "That's some bullshit. I'm the one working, not them busboys, bartenders, and bouncers. Who made that rule?"

"Tony did," she answered.

Candy adjusted her breasts under the nightie. "Well, let me talk to the Chinaman then." She gave Lacey a disparaging look. "He like chocolate, maybe I can convince him to change it."

For a moment, the mere suggestion of Candy trying to rub up on Suro made Lacey's mind go red with rage. She imagined herself cracking a beer bottle against the bar and using its jagged edges to show Candy exactly who Suro belonged to.

But her father's voice came back to her like Jiminy Cricket. "Ain't never no reason two ladies need to be fighting over a man, non," he'd told her once, after he'd gotten cut on his arm pulling apart two girls who'd gotten into a knife fight over the affections of some thug in Cofi's. "All it does is make both them heifers look bad. You 'member that sure truth, cher."

Lacey held herself still and said, "Go ahead and try it, Candy. But realize, he's not as lenient as me. I'm going to give you a month, until Thanksgiving, to kick your cocaine habit, but if Suro picks up on it as easily as I did, he might fire you on the spot. Be careful."

Candy's smirk disappeared, but she didn't back down. "Nobody's going to be firing me just cuz I'm having a little fun on my own time."

"Maybe that was true at the other clubs where you worked, but The Matrix has a zero-tolerance policy, not to mention a duty to tell the state if we think you're an unfit mother because of what you're shoving up your nose."

Candy sniffed sharply and her back went straight. "I don't do it around my kid."

"Don't do it at all," Lacey said. "Those are the rules. You've got a month."

Candy walked away then, but not before muttering, "Bitch!" under her breath just loud enough for Lacey to hear.

Lacey sighed and made a mental note to check in on Spidey in the co-op daycare while Candy was dancing. Despite what people outside the industry might think, most of the single mothers who worked at the club loved their kids and put their needs first. In fact, that's why many of them ended up taking jobs like this-the pay was good and The Matrix was a decent club that treated its girls like the precious commodity they were. But just like with any group of people, there were always one or two rotten apples.

To Lacey's relief, Spidey was fine, clean, and healthy and he seemed in good spirits when she came to visit him. "You're getting so big!" she said, picking him up, and cuddling him in her arms.

As someone who would never be able to safely have more kids, she wondered how anyone could choose cocaine over this little bundle of goodness. But she also knew when you were young, like Candy, and didn't plan to have a kid, it could turn your whole life upside down.

The memory of her own unexpected pregnancy came back to her. She'd only been in college a year when she'd started having flu-like symptoms like nausea, nasal congestion, and body aches that wouldn't go away. At first she had chalked it up to her strenuous work course at Rutgers, but then she had nearly fainted in the middle of her Introduction to Financial Accounting final, which had been administered in a sweltering room with a faulty air conditioning system. After finding her outside the business school building, desperately breathing in the cool spring air, the T.A. had suggested she go get a pregnancy test.

"If you're pregnant, I can let you make it up at a later date," she told Lacey. "If not, you're going to have to get a doctor's note."

Prior to that moment, Lacey hadn't even considered the possibility she might be pregnant. She and Hector had used condoms the few times they'd had sex. Well, most of the time. There had been a party at his frat a month earlier, when they'd both drunk more than they should have....

With a stomach full of dread, she went to get a pregnancy test from the local CVS and took it back to the dorm room she shared with two other freshman girls.

When the blue plus sign appeared on the white stick, the bottom fell out of her world.

Though even then, she didn't realize life as she knew it had just ended in more ways than one. Believing Hector to be the upstanding young man he'd presented himself as, she'd gone over to his frat house to tell him what the stick had just revealed. She'd found him in his nearly empty house. It was two days after the end of classes and most of his brothers had already cleared out of the house. The only reason Hector was still there was because his summer internship at Prudential didn't start for another week, and he had decided to volunteer for graduation services as opposed to going home to his father's splashy mansion in Wilbur Section.

"I don't want to spend any more time in my father's house than I have to this summer," he'd told her. "It's toxic there."

She had been so proud of him for using his free week to volunteer as opposed to lazing around like his other frat brothers.

But when she broke the news to him, he'd morphed from her kind and thoughtful boyfriend, into a guy she'd never met before.

"Whose is it?" he asked, his face curling into a snarl.

It took her a few moments to process what he was asking her. Before this, she thought boyfriends only asked their girlfriends stuff like that in bad movies. "It's yours, of course," she answered. "You know I haven't been with any other guys!"

He'd been so proud to claim her virginity a few months ago, but now he was looking at her like she was a stranger. "I don't know anything, except I'm the son of one of the richest men in New Jersey and you're the daughter of some nobody. Dad warned me about girls like you, but I thought you were different."

Lacey looked at him, truly alarmed now. "What do you mean 'girls like me?'"

"Girls who want to entrap me. Become my baby mama, so they can get child support!"

She shook her head frantically. "No, Hector. I love you! I wouldn't have slept with you if I didn't love you. And I have too many hopes and dreams of my own to want to entrap you. I wanted to finish college and get a good job before I ever had children. This was an accident!"

"A convenient accident for you," he sneered.

And Lacey started to get angry herself. "Listen, we were both at that party. We both got drunk and you're the one who didn't use a condom. I didn't set you up!"

"Then prove it," he said. "Get rid of it!"

Her heart stopped. "We can't just get rid of it. I'm Catholic. I don't do stuff like that."

"Really?" he asked. "Cuz you didn't seem all that devout when you were giving it up to me all those times."

No, she hadn't. But Lacey had been sure she was giving her virginity to the man she was going to marry, a man she wanted to please, and a man who loved her as much as she loved him.

But the way he was staring at her now, she knew she had made a horrible mistake. Her father had been right. Hector wasn't the tragically misunderstood hero she had believed him to be. He was a predator, one who lured his prey in with sweet words and kisses, only to eventually turn on her.

"How many other girls have you done this to?" she asked him then.

"You mean how many girls have tried to use me before you?" he asked in an ugly voice. "Too many to count."

To Lacey's everlasting regret, she didn't sense how dangerous Hector really was until that moment, when he was emanating menace, but standing between her and the door.

"Okay," she said, backing down, and trying to keep her voice neutral. "I'm going to go back to my dorm room now. I think we both need to calm down and we can talk about this later, alright?"

He stood there, his fists clenching and unclenching at his sides.

And Lacey panicked. She had wanted to play it cool and just walk out but instead, she darted for the door. And she'd almost thought she made it, but at the last minute, she was yanked backwards by the hair.

She screamed as Hector dragged her away from the door and threw her to the floor.

"Slut! Bitch!!" he yelled. Then before she could get up, he kicked her in her stomach, so hard she nearly threw up.

She had enough presence of mind to curl up in a ball, so he couldn't get to her stomach again, but that only brought on more kicks. To her back, to her front, even one to her face when she begged him to stop.

No one came to help her, and after he kicked her in the face, Lacey knew she had to do something or this boy she thought had loved her would kill her.

Out the corner of her eye, she spotted a single shoebox under his bed, and in a moment of strange clarity, she knew Hector had too many shoes to keep them stored anywhere but his closet. No, he had to be using the shoebox to hide something, something he didn't want the other frat brothers to know about.

In a burst of adrenaline, she ignored the burning pain, which she would later find out was due to a broken rib, and crawled toward the box.

"Get back here," Hector spat, grabbing her by the ankle. But not before she managed to get her hands on the box. Even as he dragged her back on her stomach to do God knew what, her main focus was on getting the box open.

At that point, the only thing going through her mind was self-preservation for her and the baby growing inside of her. So when she found the gun inside the box, black and sinister, she didn't hesitate. She grabbed it, flipped over on her back, shoved the gun in Hector's face, and squeezed the trigger as hard as she could.

The recoil reverberated painfully through her body, causing her to drop the gun to the ground. But then she heard a great thunk, and when she managed to sit up, she found the boy she thought she had loved, the boy who had claimed to love her just a few days ago, dead with a bullet wound where his nose should have been.

"You're a natural," a voice said behind her.

Lacey jumped out of the memory to see Suro standing in the doorway of the nursery.

He wasn't smiling. Lacey wasn't even sure if he knew how to at this point, since she'd yet to see him do so. But the look on his face as he watched her with Spidey, who was now nuzzling his nose into her shoulder, made her feel like maybe he had been telling her the truth the day they'd made their agreement, that he really did care about her.

However, she been burned before and she was still paying the price for trusting the wrong boy. She couldn't put her trust in this man, no matter how thoughtful his gifts were. She couldn't trust anybody, she reminded herself.

Her eyes dropped to the key that still hung around Suro's neck. Especially the man who had more or less bought and blackmailed his way into her life.

She handed Spidey back to Miss Beatriz and gave Suro a distant smile. "I should get back to work."

She started to push past him, but he stood his ground, his eyes lasering in on her like he was trying to extract her thoughts via ESP. For a moment he loomed over her, too close, and putting her in mind of the way Hector had tried to use his size to intimidate her twelve years ago.

Then to her surprise, he took a few locks of her hair and pushed them behind her ear. His face softened and he looked at her now, just looked at her. Not demanding answers, but his eyes clearly asking what he wanted to know, "What were you just thinking about? Why are you pulling away from me?"

"No questions," she whispered. "You promised."

He had promised and apparently he took his promises seriously. He stepped away to let her pass, but she could feel his steady gaze on her as she made her way back to the office.

Don't look back, she said to herself. She had learned that lesson the hard way over the years, but still, she couldn't help peeking over her shoulder before she entered her office.

Suro remained in the doorway of the daycare, leaning against the doorway as if he knew it was only a matter of time before she gave in to him and told him all her secrets no matter how dangerous it might be for them both. This caused her to rush into her office and close the door.

Because her biggest fear at that moment was that he was absolutely right.

She was trying as hard as she could to keep herself emotionally separated from what her body was doing but it didn't feel like it was working at all.

CHAPTER 14

"HOW'S it going with the Dead Girl?" Dexter asked that night when Suro called to talk about the current slate of assignments. No hits scheduled, but they'd had to plot out security details for several parties going into the busy holiday season.

"We've come to an understanding," Suro answered. "And she's still very much alive."

Most days Suro appreciated his friend's sense of humor, but today wasn't one of them. Technically, he'd gotten what he most wanted from Lacey. She was back in his bed. She cooked him warm meals and offered him companionship like he had never known.

His silence had intimidated most of the women he'd been with before Lacey, including his ex-wife. Often, the ones who didn't eventually leave with exhortations that he needed to "work on his communication skills" ended up boring him when they tried to match his own silence by staying as meek and mute as possible.

But that wasn't what he wanted. In fact, he hadn't known what he wanted until he'd met the talkative black woman in Montana. Lacey had thanked him profusely for the shortened hours and the on-call maintenance man and the daycare, but it was Suro who found himself grateful for her every day.

Not just the way she cooked, but the way she smiled when he came into the room, and the way she told him about every aspect of her day, but somehow made it all seem interesting. From what she ate for lunch to the soap opera love triangle currently unfolding amongst three of the dancers-one redhead, one brunette, and one blond. The redhead and the brunette had been dating, but then the brunette left the redhead for the blond. And it might have ended there, but Lacey had walked in on the blond and the redhead kissing in the supply closet.

She summed the story up with, "Just so you know, we're going to be losing a dancer soon. But at least they don't live in the apartments. Then I'd have to deal with getting a new dancer and a new tenant. Though, why am I even worrying about that? You were smart to buy this business. It doesn't look like much, but we've got a waiting list about a mile long for the apartments. You'll never have to worry about putting in a rental ad."

Yes, he agreed he had been smart to buy the business. It hadn't felt like it at the time when he'd called himself all kinds of crazy and foolish for going through such extremes to position himself in her universe. But the more time he spent with Lacey, the better the investment looked to him.

In fact, he would pay double what he had for the club if he could get past the last wall she had erected.

She had let him into her life, and sometimes he caught her looking at him in a way that let him know she had let him into her heart, even if she hadn't realized it yet. But she still didn't trust him.

It shouldn't matter, he thought to himself. He had what he wanted, and he had set up her life in a way that would make it very disadvantageous for her to run away again. But something in him wouldn't let sleeping dogs lie. He didn't just want Lacey's body and her willing companionship. He wanted all of her, and he wouldn't stop until he got it.

"Were you able to dig up anything else on her back story," he asked Dexter now.

"Yeah, actually I was," Dex said. "You mentioned something about her being a really good cook, all these New Orleans dishes, right?"

"Yes. Did you get a hit on her in New Orleans?"

"Naw, man, nothing there. But when I was going over the news stories about that fire Lacey Winters died in, I found a quote about the John Doe whose leaky stove set off the fire. One of the tenants, an elderly woman who escaped the fire, said and I quote, "He was a good man. He didn't say much, but when I was laid up with my gout, he brought me some of the best jambalaya I'd ever tasted."

Suro sat up in his office chair. "Do you think this man might have been Lacey's father?" She'd mentioned him once or twice in passing and Suro had told Dex to look into him, too.

"Well, they never were able to identify his body, so even if it was, it might be another dead end. But I'm in D.C. again in a couple of weeks. Philadelphia's not that far away. I was thinking I could stop by this woman's place, ask her some questions."

Though most of their government clients would disavow things if asked, many of their higher-level security jobs and elimination orders came from agencies who needed certain things done without it tracing back to them. Therefore, Dexter went to Washington D.C. twice a month for clandestine meetings, which usually resulted in assignments for Suro.

"I shouldn't even be offering. You know how I feel about all the hoops you're jumping through for this chick. She seems nice and all that, but this is some dramatic bullshit she's putting you through."

"She's worth it," Suro said.

"If you say so." He could hear Dexter suck his teeth on the other end of the line. "By the way, your boy Rustanov called me the other day about us heading up security for Rustanov Enterprises."

"I've already given my answer to that offer several times."

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's why he called me this time. He thinks maybe I can talk some sense into you."

"I don't like working for one client. If I wanted to that, I would have stayed at my father's company." Not exactly true, after the last argument he had with his father, nothing would have driven him to work for The Nakamura Group again. But he'd found that what started out as the rebellious act of striking out on his own, working for any non-criminal client who could pay his fee, had been more to his liking than performing Due Diligence background checks, securing The Nakamura Group against fraud, and conducting corporate crisis management.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know how you feel about working for one client, but it ain't all that bad, man. I mean our company is paying me a helluva lot better, but sometimes I miss my days of working security for Roxxy. The single-client haul can be lucrative, too, especially since Rustanov's got offices in three locations. And get this, when I told him you were in Chicago taking care of business until further notice, he told me he's been thinking about opening up a Chicago branch of Rustanov Enterprises."

"Right now I can work from anywhere I choose. I don't take that freedom lightly."

"Yeah, I like the flexibility, too. But these D.C. trips-listen, I grew up in the Bronx. We don't trust the cops down the street, much less the government. These G-men like us now, but what happens if a mission goes bad? Or if we accidentally cross them? At least we know we can trust Rustanov, and the money he's offering ain't bad at all."

Suro, who'd actually been the one carrying out the hits, had had similar thoughts himself. As much money as their Washington contacts paid them, the clandestine nature of their relationship didn't give them job or, more importantly, life security. And if Rustanov was serious about opening a Chicago branch...

"I'll think about," Suro told his partner.

"You do that. And I'll let you know if I can turn anything up in Philadelphia."

After he hung up with Dexter, Suro glanced at the clock on his computer. It was half past six, which meant Lacey would already be back at their apartment, making something good to eat.

And indeed, as he entered the apartment a few minutes later, he found a crock pot full of gumbo simmering on the stove, but Lacey herself was nowhere to be seen in the kitchen or front room. He went into the bedroom and found her rummaging through her nightstand drawer, looking increasingly confused as she shifted its contents around.

"Looking for something?" he asked from the doorway.

She jumped. Then said, "I need to put a bell around your neck or something. You move way too quietly."

"You were looking for something."

Lacey slammed the nightstand drawer shut. "No, no. Um, I thought I left something in there, but I guess not."

"Something like what?" he asked.

"Nothing important," she answered. "Really, I opened the drawer to get a notepad to write something down, but then I was surprised because this other thing wasn't in there. But it doesn't really matter, because I wasn't planning to use it or anything."

"Maybe I could help you look for it."

"Suro," she said. "Let's just drop it, okay? Like I said, I don't really need it."

"But I think you do." He walked over to the part of the closet he had claimed as his own and pulled her small vibrator out the coat pocket he had stowed it in the day he searched the apartment. "Is this what you were looking for?" He waved it slowly like a small, pink flag.

She covered her eyes with one hand and peeked out at him. "I can't believe you stole that."

"I'm very pleased it took you this long to realize it was missing," he said, coming to stand closer to her.

"Like I said, I didn't need it. I was looking for something else when I noticed it was missing." She held out her hand. "Can I have it back now so we can end this awful, embarrassing conversation and eat dinner?"

"Will the gumbo burn if you don't get to it right away?"

"No, gumbo's kind of made to simmer as long as you want it to. And it's in a crockpot, so it'll be all right. But you've got to be hungry."

"I am hungry," he assured her. "Just not for dinner."

Then he turned on the pocket vibrator, and its small electric whirring sound filled the space between them.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Lacey," he answered. "Trust me."

BEFORE LACEY COULD ASK ANY MORE QUESTIONS, he had her pants unbuttoned and slipped the pocket rocket inside her panties.

"Suro," she whispered. The vibrations immediately started working their magic. In fact, they seemed even stronger with Suro using his entire hand to press the small machine into her dewy folds.

"Shhh," he said.

He rubbed the vibrator up and down her slit, causing her to gasp. It had been one thing to do this to herself while thinking about Suro, it was another to have her fantasy working the instrument into her pussy.

It felt so wrong, but oh so erotic.

He shifted the vibrator, so the head buzzed against her sensitive clit, and the only thing that kept her upright after that was his strong arm around her waist.

"Don't stop now," he said. "You're almost there."

She was almost there. It embarrassed her to come this quickly with less than five minutes of rubbing on his part, but his hand in her panties, working the hard plastic vibrator against her pussy-it was too much.

"I'm... I'm..."

Before she could finish the sentence, he shoved the vibrator into her quivering tunnel and then swallowed her cries with a hungry kiss as she came harder than she ever had using her pocket rocket alone. She could feel rivulets of her own cum, running down her thigh.

"I can't believe you did that," she breathlessly told Suro.

But he wasn't done with her yet.

The next thing she knew, she was on her back, her legs spread open, with the vibrator still lodged in her convulsing womanhood.

Suro made quick work of unbuttoning her blouse and removing her work pants. Soon she was completely naked, save for her panties and the vibrator housed within.

"So much cum," he observed, as he got out of his clothes and put a condom on before climbing onto the bed between her legs. "I like looking at your breasts when the nipples are hard and wet because I've been sucking on them, but now I'm wondering what they look like with your own cum on them."

He took the vibrator out of her now sopping wet pussy and rubbed it over her nipples, spreading her sticky essence onto each breast. She could feel her nipples standing up and arched her chest into the vibrator loving how good this nasty act felt. "Oh..."

Suro must have liked what he was seeing, because she could feel his dick growing even harder against her leg.

He let out a low appreciative rumble. "Yes, just like that."

Despite having just climaxed a few minutes ago, she could feel more sticky wetness streaming out of her pussy then. And apparently, so could Suro.

He brought the vibrator back down to her slick folds and rolled it in her creaming pussy. He then shifted her body, so she was lying on her side with the vibrator still between her legs.

"Oh, it feels so good," she moaned, no longer able to control her body.

She rubbed against the vibrator, trying to get him to put it all the way inside of her again.

But Suro had different ideas. He removed the vibrator and replaced it with his own long dick. She gasped out as he worked his way into her tight, wet tunnel until he was all the way in to the hilt.

"Even better," she said, moving her hips against his.

He then turned them both over so she was now on top, straddling him on both sides. She thought he wanted her to ride him. Suro liked watching her come in that position while she palmed her own breasts. But when she tried to rise up, he brought her back down, pinning her cum-covered breasts to his chest.

She could still hear the vibrator buzzing in the background. "You don't want me to-?"

"Trust me," he said.

She let out a surprised cry when she felt the hard plastic vibrator circling the rosette between her butt cheeks.

"Relax," he said in her ear, still working his cock up and down in her hot cunt. "Trust me."

Though her heart was beating like a rabbit's, she did as he said, biting her lip when the vibrator coated with her own juices started working its way into her bottom. It was a tight fit, almost too tight, verging on pain, but then it was all the way in and Suro's dick was working her pussy and it was like nothing she'd ever experienced before, being filled up from both sides like this.

She moaned and her pussy clenched around Suro's cock in a vice grip that sent both of them into a wild frenzy. Soon he was spewing Japanese as he continued to slam into her and work the vibrator in her ass.

"Suro! Suro! Suro!" She could do nothing but say his name over and over again.

And then she was clawing at his chest as the orgasm burst through her entire body. Suro came soon after, his teeth clenched together as he arched into her throbbing pussy.

He let go of the vibrator and wrapped his arms around her, holding her close, his face pressed into her shoulder as he emptied himself into the condom.

It took what felt like eons for her orgasm to subside. When it finally did, she collapsed against his chest with a breathless sigh, her hair fully in her face.

He brought a hand up and once again smoothed her locks behind her ear. "See how good it can be when you trust me?"

CHAPTER 15

EVERY time Lacey took her office trash can to the dumpster, she thought about her father and the fateful night he had died. They had a cleaning service for the club, but because of the money she used to launder for Tony, Lacey had made her office off-limits and gotten into the habit of cleaning it up herself, including making visits to the dumpster that sat behind the club whenever her office trashcan got full.

And as usual, while dumping her small metal trashcan the Tuesday before Thanksgiving, she got hit with a memory, this time of showing up bloodied and bruised at the apartment she used to share with her father after she shot Hector Jr. She'd had to knock on the door because it had taken all the strength she had just to get to West Trenton on the train and then make the two mile walk to his restaurant.

"Tasha? What happened to you?" he asked, coming out from behind the counter after she came staggering into his shop.

"Daddy, Daddy, I'm sorry," she sobbed quietly.

Upstairs in their apartment above Cofi's, she told him everything: about the baby, about shooting Hector Jr., all of it.

And to her surprise, her father hadn't condemned her or said, "I told you so."

No, proving himself to be a much better person than the daughter he'd raised, he'd cleaned her up and wrapped her ribs in bandages. "That will have to do you until we can get you to one dem free clinics."

Then he'd started packing suitcases for them both. "I'm going to go to the bank and close out my account tomorrow, then we'll be on our way. Think you can make it to Philadelphia? I got a contact there who might be able to get us into a place, no questions asked."

She shook her head, the pain from her ribs still peaking through, even though he'd given her some old oxycontin from his hip surgery a few years ago.

"No, Daddy! This is my fault. I should go alone."

"I ain't sending you out there alone. Not with Mendez on your trail."

"But Daddy, your shop..."

"I can cook anywhere. Just give me a gumbo pot. And you think Mendez just gonna let me go'on 'bout my business anyway? Naw, men like him, I den met them before. You take they son, they take your whole family and burn down everything you love right in front of you."

"But, Daddy-"

He cut her off with a fierce look. "Don't 'but daddy' me! I lost your mama to cancer and I'd like to die if I lose you too, cher." He grabbed her hand, his eyes burning with fierce love. "You my blood part of me. And I am never gonna leave you. You and me stick together no matter what."

"No matter what," she whispered to herself now. And despite the biting cold of a Chicago winter, hot tears stung her eyes.

"I need to talk to you," a voice said behind her.

She hastily wiped her eyes and turned around to see Candy, more gaunt than she should have been, with a wild look about her. Her heart sank. Candy's habit had not only gotten worse since Lacey had issued her ultimatum, but also, if Lacey was reading the signs right, it looked like she had switched to the much cheaper crack to keep her habit going. That would explain why the dancer had been late again with the rent this month, and why she had begun bringing Spidey down to the daycare, even when she wasn't on stage.

Lacey had let it slide for the child's sake. It wasn't his fault his mama was an addict, but she didn't know how much longer she could let the situation go on without intervening.

"I quit!" Candy said.

Lacey blinked. "What?"

"You heard me. I'm sick of working for your uppity ass. So I quit. And I'm moving out at the end of the month."

Part of Lacey wanted to say good riddance, but the other part of her was truly alarmed. The weeks leading up to Christmas were one of the most lucrative times of the year for dancers. She'd never had even the most disgruntled worker quit right before the holidays. "But how will you survive? And what about Spidey?"

"Spidey ain't none of your business, so stop acting like you some kind of social worker or something, because you not. You a uptight fucking bitch, and you deserve everything you going to get!"

Lacey shook her head, trying to keep her own Jersey accent at bay. If she were still Tasha from West Trenton, she would have given Lacey back as good as she got. But instead she had to settle for a tepid, "What's that supposed to mean?"

Candy grinned, putting Lacey in mind of a skeleton, she was so thin now. "You about to find out. Watch."

Then she walked away, leaving Lacey very confused, not to mention worried about Spidey.

"Something's bothering you," Suro said that night at dinner.

"It's work stuff," she answered. "One of the dancer's put in her notice today, but she's got this kid I'm really worried about."

"Spidey?"

"How did you know?"

"I see you with him often in nursery." The look in his eyes let her know that he was aware of how much she liked the innocent little boy and not entirely unsympathetic.

She put her fork down, suddenly no longer hungry. "Yeah, I try to visit every day to check in on him because his mom has a drug problem. But now that she's leaving, I'm not sure what to do. If I report her to child services, then Spidey gets put in the foster system, but if I don't, she leaves here with him, and I don't think the next club she works at is going to have a babysitting co-op. Who knows what could happen to him?"

Suro seemed to consider the problem carefully before saying. "There is another way."

"What?"

"I have associates in the Chicago government as well. We could take care of Spidey until his mother got clean or a suitable family was found. It could be arranged."

The way Suro said "arranged" made Lacey wonder what kind of back room dealings he'd have to do to get this done. But it didn't really matter because, "There'd still be paperwork, right?"

"Yes."

"Then, I can't do it, as much as I'd like to."

His shoulders tensed. "Why not?" he asked.

"You know why."

Now Suro put his fork down. "Because you're hiding from something you refuse to tell me about."

She stood up and began clearing the table, feeling silly because she was buck naked and arguing with Suro. "You promised."

His jaw set. "Right now I'm wishing I hadn't."

"Well, you did," she said, throwing the dishes into the sink.

After that she slammed into her room, put on some pajamas, and crawled into bed.

Suro came in a couple of hours later and did the opposite. He pulled his thin black sweater and gray slacks off and climbed into bed naked a few minutes later.

"Come here," he said, his smoky voice gruffer than usual.

Lacey did as he commanded, scooting over to him and laying her head on his chest. Even though she was mad at him, mad at herself, mad at the fates for putting her in this position, she still realized she'd rather be in his arms than just about anywhere else on Earth.

He held her cradled to him. "You still don't trust me."

"Maybe you need to trust me when I tell you it's better you don't know," she whispered.

A few more minutes of quiet, then he said, "I have to go out of town tomorrow, but I'll be back by dinner."

"I'll make some etouffee," she said, "Your favorite."

Then she kissed him, hoping her lips conveyed what her words could not: that despite trying to keep her heart locked away in a box, she cared about him, too.

This led to quick, passionate love, with Lacey determined to burn away the argument and everything else that was wrong with their relationship, by reveling in what was right.

After she came twice, she ended up between his legs, taking his hard length in her mouth. She loved the way he tasted, the feel of velvet over steel, as her head bobbed up and down, trying to take as much of his long length into her mouth as she could.

She looked up and found him staring back, and for minutes on end there was only those two things: them gazing into each other's eyes and her sucking on him, until he threw his head back and came.

She swallowed him down, loving that she'd made him come with her mouth alone. "I will miss you, tomorrow," he said when she was once again lying in his arms.

Simple words, but Lacey could hear the depth of feeling they conveyed.

"I'm going to miss you, too," she told him.

And it was true. She woke up to find him gone the next morning, and it felt like she carried around an empty space in her heart all day.

Luckily the club was more packed than usual, with regulars and out-of-towners alike. They wouldn't be opening until eight on Thanksgiving, which meant she wouldn't have to work the next day. But it also meant she had to make sure everything was in place so the club could run smoothly without her until Friday. And because this kept her good and busy, she only thought about Suro every other minute of the day.

But right before she was set to get off of work, Miss Beatriz called her into the daycare. Apparently, Candy had brought Spidey in early that morning for what was only supposed to be a couple of hours.

"But she's still not back," Miss Beatriz said. "And I would stay later, but it's the day before Thanksgiving, and I must cook for my family."

"I understand," Lacey said, taking Spidey from her. "I'll take him upstairs until Candy gets back."

She thought then about how she wouldn't be spending Thanksgiving with Sparkle for the second year in a row. It was too hard to drive all the way to Montana and make the long return trip when Sparkle only had until the following Monday before she had to be back at school. Lacey would have to wait until the much longer Christmas break.

She struggled to keep the sadness out of her voice when she said to Miss Beatriz, "Go home to your family. Happy Thanksgiving!"

Upstairs she knocked on Candy's door for a full five minutes. She was either truly not there or too far gone to answer the door. Though she'd gone out of her way to find apartments in decent school districts after Sparkle was diagnosed with autism, she still remembered the addicts she and her father would occasionally find passed out in front of the shop's door, both men and women, some of who had been perfectly fine citizens before falling under the thrall of crack.

"It looks like you're having dinner with me, handsome man," she told Spidey, walking back toward her own apartment.

"You're a little young for shrimp still, so I guess I'm going to have to introduce Suro to the chicken and Andouille version of etouffee tonight. You think he'd like that?"

Spidey gurgled back, as happy as he could be despite his circumstances, and it broke Lacey's heart to think of him ever being neglected.

She nuzzled her nose against his and caught a whiff of tangy body odor. It had obviously been a while since his mom had bothered to give him a bath. "But first I'm going to give you a bath in the sink, because you're good lookin', but you don't smell too hot, little man."

Spidey laughed, which made Lacey laugh, too, as she opened the door.

But then she broke off when she saw who was inside her apartment. Not just Suro, but Sparkle and Kenji, too.

And a smile about a mile wide broke out across her face.

However, Kenji answered her smile with a frown. "Whose baby is that?" he asked.

CHAPTER 16

IT was all Lacey could do to restrain herself from covering Sparkle with kisses. But while Sparkle tolerated her enthusiastic one-armed hug, Lacey knew not to push it too far. "I can't believe you're here! Wait, how did you get here?"

The thought of her taking a commercial flight and the TSA flagging her for using a dead girl's ID, sent her into a temporary panic. "You didn't fly here, did you?"

But then Suro said. "A friend of mine let me borrow his private jet. The hardest part was getting Sparkle packed at the last minute."

"I like two weeks to plan out my packing list. Mr. Nakamura said I had two hours." She rubbed her thumb between her middle and ring finger, which was what she did when a thought was making her anxious. "I'm afraid I might have forgotten something."

"If you did, my father will buy it for you here," Kenji told her. "Judging from this apartment, our income level is much higher than yours."

Sparkled eyed her suitcase nervously, and Lacey decided to use an oldie-but-goodie distraction trick, one that would hopefully keep her daughter from checking and rechecking her suitcase for items she might have forgotten for the rest of the night.

"Are you taller?" she asked Sparkle. "You look taller to me."

That drew Sparkle's attention away from the suitcase. Ever since childhood, she'd been obsessed with tracking her own growth. "Yes, I've grown a quarter of an inch since you've seen me last," she informed Lacey.

"And we've also composed the first aria for the opera," Kenji said, as if the subjects were perfectly aligned.

This led to a long, two-person lecture about their opera and their plans for it and then they insisted on bringing out their electric keyboards to play what they had so far. "Without words of course," Sparkle added. "Since we don't have an opera singer."

"Of course," Lacey said. "I'll just give Spidey a bath in the sink while you guys play."

"It sounds much better with a full range of instruments," Kenji informed Lacey as Suro helped them set up their electronic keyboards side by side. "We have a music room at our home in Miami. We should have Christmas there. Our house is much bigger than your apartment and the weather is better."

Sparkle, whose friendship with Kenji was probably predicated on their matching inability to not take what the other said personally, nodded. "I would also like to spend Christmas in Miami."

The truth was she and Sparkle might be in a new state soon after Christmas, starting lives under new names. But Lacey didn't want to ruin the reunion, so she answered, "We'll see, sweetie."

She wrapped Spidey up in a fluffy towel, steadily ignoring Suro's curious gaze, which she could practically feel poking at her. "We can order a pizza tonight, but we're going to have to make a plan for Thanksgiving dinner. I was going to fix a turkey gumbo for Suro and me..."

That was as far as she got before all sorts of protests went up from Sparkle and Kenji.

"Why can't you make a regular turkey?" Sparkle asked.

"Dad and I usually go to a sushi restaurant on Thanksgiving," Kenji informed her. "We're Japanese."

They argued back and forth until Lacey put a firm stop to the argument, shooing Kenji and Suro downstairs so they could borrow one of the pack and plays from the nursery for Spidey to sleep in.

The next morning she woke up to the sounds of Sparkle and Kenji composing on their electric keyboards.

Lacey pressed a pillow over her head. "I did not miss this," she said.

"This is the reason Kenji has his own soundproofed music room in our Miami home," Suro said, his voice as dry as a desert.

She peeked out from underneath the pillow. "I still can't believe you have a house big enough to include a music room, but you're okay being holed up in my little apartment."

"I'd rather be here with you than in my house alone," he answered with quiet sincerity.

And it happened again. That heart melting feeling that made her want to tell him everything.

But then she spotted Spidey trying to break out of the pack and play. He already had a little chubby leg over the top.

"Spidey!" She scrambled out of bed to pick him up before he fell over the edge just as a knock sounded on the bedroom door.

"Dad, can we go out and buy Sparkle's mom a piano?" came Kenji's voice from the other side. "We need a clearer sound to compose this next part."

"Where does he think I'm going to put a piano up in here?" Lacey asked, trying to disentangle Spidey's hand from her locks, which he was once again trying to pull out of the pony tail she had them in. "There's barely enough room to fold out the couch."

"Perhaps a distraction is in order," Suro said.

And thus, they ended up at the McCormick Tribune Ice Rink on Thanksgiving morning. Having now spent a full winter in Montana, Sparkle and Kenji were pretty much experts at getting around on the ice. But both she and Suro had to take turns with their respective children in order to figure out the basics of skating and keeping themselves balanced at the same time.

But at least Suro had skiing experience. He didn't fall like Lacey had several times when Sparkle had been trying to teach her. And soon he was skating around the outdoor rink like an old pro.

"He's naturally athletic," Sparkle observed, as they sat on the sidelines with Spidey, watching father and son skate.

"Seems like it, huh," Lacey agreed.

"You like him," Sparkle said. "Kenji thinks the plan worked."

"Sparkle, what have I told you about staying out of grown up business? We don't need you discussing us behind our backs."

Sparkle stared at the ground. "I said Kenji thinks the plan worked. But I know it didn't. You like him, but you're going to make us move again."

Lacey didn't know what to say. Sparkle had always been a girl of two extremes, either oblivious to her mother's feelings are overly attuned to them.

"You did something bad, didn't you? That's why you make us drive everywhere instead of flying and why we always have to pay for everything in cash. And that's why you never go on the internet. You're the only person I know who doesn't use it." She gave her mother a sad look. "And that's why you'd never marry Mr. Nakamura even though you like him, because you did something bad and you have to hide."

"Sparkle..." Lacey said, not quite knowing how to address what was basically the truth. "It's complicated. I'll explain everything when you're older. I know you think twelve is old enough, but trust me, it isn't."

Sparkle thought about that for a moment. "I don't want to leave Rise Academy."

"I know you don't," Lacey said. "But you're only twelve, and if I do end up moving from Chicago, I can't just leave you in boarding school. You'd have to come with me."

"Then the opera would never get done." Sparkle began rubbing her thumb between her middle and ring fingers. "You're going to make me leave Rise Academy and Kenji and I won't be able to finish the opera."

Perhaps sensing Sparkle's agitation, Spidey began to fuss in Lacey's arms. But Lacey held him tight in her right arm and pulled Sparkle close with her left one.

"Please, Sparkle," she whispered. "Please don't melt down. Not here. Not now."

"I want to finish the opera," Sparkle said, her voice shaking. "I love it so much."

"I know you do, baby. And I'm sorry. I wish more than anything I could provide a different life for you. And when you're old enough and can take care of yourself, we're going to figure out how to get you out of this trap I've put us in. But until then, I'm you're mom, and we've got to stay together. Okay?"

Sparkle closed her eyes and started breathing deeply in such a rhythmic way that Lacey knew it must have been something they'd taught her to do at Rise Academy. Still, it felt like a magical reprieve when her daughter opened her eyes and they were clear of tears even if the sadness remained.

"When?" she asked.

"I don't know exactly," Lacey answered. On one hand she wanted to stay with Suro, even after he gave her back the key. But Christmas marked the end of their truce. If he began asking questions again or worst kept on making it hard for her to have access to the things she needed to make a quick getaway, then she'd have to enact the Plan B that had been brewing in the back of her mind for a while now.

Lacey nodded with stoic resolve. "I'll make a packing plan as soon as I get back to school."

Somehow her acquiescence hurt more than her near meltdown. "Right," Lacey whispered, feeling exactly like what she was, the worst mother in the world.

The sound of skates scraping the ice in front of them lifted both their heads from the conversation.

"Is everything all right?" Suro asked above them, his eyes on Sparkle.

Lacey gave him a wry half-smile. Of course, a fellow Aspie parent would recognize the aftermath of a near meltdown when he saw it.

"She's upset about you saying no to the piano," Kenji informed his father with the authority of a music prodigy.

"It's okay, Sparkle," Kenji said. "We won't be able to get as much work done on this vacation as we planned. But we'll be able to make it up at Christmas break when we're in Miami. And I talked to Dad about marrying your mom by the summer, so we'll be able to work on the opera then, too."

Lacey's eyes flew to Suro's, "And what did your dad say when you talked to him about this?"

Kenji shrugged, as if his father didn't have much to do with the subject. "He didn't say anything, but that doesn't matter. I know he really likes you, because he hasn't had a girlfriend since my mother left."

Lacey continued to stare at Suro, whose expression had yet to change as he listened to this exchange. "Well, marriage is about more than two people liking each other. And we've only been together for a little while."

Kenji shook his head. "You don't understand. My dad doesn't like that many people. If he likes you enough to live in your tiny apartment, he's going to want to marry you. Hopefully, soon, so we can move back to Miami. Right, Dad?"

They all waited for his answer, but in the end, Suro said, "Kenji, I've told you before, I will not discuss this kind of business with you."

"Do it for Sparkle," Kenji said. "Look how upset she got because she doesn't have a piano. If she knows she'll always have access to a good one, like the one in our house, she'll feel better. Tell them, Sparkle."

Sparkle looked at her mother and for a moment, Lacey was scared she would tell them exactly what she'd been so upset about. But instead she said to Kenji, "I was thinking we could set the second act in an ice-skating rink. The sound of skates would make a nice transition from the break."

"That's a good idea," Kenji said, easily distracted by the subject of their opera. "Come on, let's go record some ice skating sounds on my phone. We can use it for inspiration when we get back to Rise Academy."

The two pre-teens skated away, chattering on and using music terminology Lacey couldn't even begin to understand. Then, to her surprise, instead of going with them, Suro sat down beside her before moving Spidey over to his own lap.

"You don' have to," she said.

"I want to," he answered, settling Spidey into his arms. "I like holding him. I didn't get to do this with Kenji."

"Because he was autistic?" she asked.

"Because I was busy," he answered. "Back then, I was very concerned with proving to my father I was worthy of his name. He was already grooming my school-age stepbrothers to take over the company, but upon graduation, he placed me in the Risk Management department. I worked day and night to prove to him how wrong he was not trust me to one day inherit The Nakamura Group."

"But now you own a strip club?" Lacey had resisted asking him questions about what must be his very interesting back story, since she hadn't been willing to share her own. But she couldn't keep the curiosity out of her voice.

He stroked Spidey's hair, seeming to talk more to the baby than to her when he said, "After Kenji was diagnosed, my wife left us, and my father soon started pressuring me to find another one, so I could give him an heir worthy of the family name. That's when I realized if I did as he asked, then my next son would spend his life trying to prove he was worthy, too. My father didn't want progeny, he wanted devotees. After that, I quit and worked as a security consultant on my own until Dexter emailed me and asked if I was interested in going into business with him."

"And you said yes?" she asked.

"I said yes. Again, the security work I do is very specialized. I suppose I had gotten tired of working alone."

They grew quiet after that, watching Sparkle and Kenji record skating sounds. Lacey knew their group must have presented a strange picture to the rest of the skaters. Kenji and Sparkle, who despite their separate races acted like a set of fraternal twins with their matching obsessions. And then there was Suro holding Spidey like a father, as if he didn't even notice their color differences.

"You know, if we did get married it could always be like this. You, me, Sparkle, Kenji. We could even look into adopting Spidey."

Her heart jumped and recoiled at the same time at the thought of a future she couldn't possibly hope for. "Don't," she said to him. She laid her hand on top of his. "We're having a nice Thanksgiving. Don't spoil it with talk about the future."

Suro looked like he might argue, but at the last moment his eyes turned back to the ice.

"I'll go get us some apple cider," she said.

And then she rushed away before he could answer. She didn't want him to see how much his near-proposal had affected her, how badly she wanted it to always be like this, too.

CHAPTER 17

BEFORE that Thursday, Suro wouldn't have thought turkey gumbo chicken breasts, stuffing, cranberry sauce, mashed up peas for Spidey, and a party platter from the only sushi place in Chicago Suro had deemed "decent," would have made for the best Thanksgiving feast he'd ever had. But by the time Kenji and Sparkle started clearing the dishes, Suro was stuffed and more satisfied than he'd ever been after a meal.

Despite Sparkle's near miss at the ice skating rink, and Kenji's complaints about everything, from sleeping on the floor, "We have several guestrooms at the house in Miami," to the lack of a piano, "If we got on a plane right now we could be at our house in Miami by nighttime," to not having his own bathroom, "We have four at our house in Miami," no one had thrown a real fit, which seemed to Suro nothing short of a Thanksgiving miracle.

Much of the credit went to Rise Academy, where he could see both his son and Lacey's daughter had been thriving and learning to deal with their Asperger's in practical ways that would make life easier for them in the real world. But Suro also had to give credit to the circumstances.

Kenji valued having someone around who actually understood his obsession with music more than he valued the creature comforts of their Miami home. And both he and Sparkle seemed to understand Lacey had her arms full with Spidey and didn't have the energy to attend to any extra demands.

They even tried to teach Spidey to play their electric keyboards after dinner, claiming it was never too late to indoctrinate a baby to music.

"Maybe if you'd had early training, you'd appreciate music more now," Sparkle said to Lacey, in the way of a scientist forming a hypothesis.

"I do appreciate music," Lacey said.

Then she put on a popular rap song Suro recognized from the nineties and started dancing around the living room. Suro, who had been half-reading a military memoir on the couch during this debate, found himself mesmerized by the sight of Lacey moving her body in the rhythmic way of a woman who used to be a girl who loved to dance.

Her locks soon began escaping from her messy bun, and he had to adjust himself on the couch to accommodate the response from down below. Spidey's presence in the bedroom had put a cramp on their sexual activities, and the way Lacey's body swayed under the jersey dress she was wearing reminded him of just how much he'd been missing her body since they'd last made love.

"No, not that kind of music!" Sparkle and Kenji yelled at her over the synthesized beats.

But Spidey squealed with delight when Lacey plucked him off the exposed pipe he'd been attempting to scale and began dancing with him around the living room.

"Spidey loves it."

"Spidey's a baby," Sparkle said. "His brain hasn't developed enough to know better yet."

"Oh, snap, I know," Lacey said. She went to her CD collection on the bookshelf, pulled out a disc and loaded it into the CD player.

Soon the catchy rhythm of a song he didn't recognize came out.

"What is this song?" he asked her.

She shook her head at him, her crinkling with disbelief. "You've never heard of the 'Cha-Cha Slide?' Haven't you ever been to a wedding?"

Only to guard them. And weddings that employed security firms like his didn't usually have attendees who appreciated this kind of music.

"You can't call yourself living in Chicago and never have done the Cha-Cha Slide." She tossed his book aside and tugged at one of his arms. "Get up."

"I don't think so," he answered.

But she kept pulling on his arm. "Set a good example," she said, in the same tone of voice he'd heard her use with Kenji when he was whining.

Which was how he, Suro Nakamura of the Tokyo Nakamuras, one of the most elite hit men in the entire world, came to find himself attempting to follow the commands of the man rapping line dancing instructions from Lacey's CD player.

At first his movements were stiff with reluctance, but then Lacey got Sparkle and Kenji to join in, and soon they all got the moves down, clapping in time and spinning together as a unit.

It reminded Suro of the gongfu or Kung Fu classes he had taken as a boy at his Chinese mother's behest, with their sifu calling out instructions to he and his fellow students, which they all performed together with precision timing. Except this was a lot more fun.

Lacey was laughing, as were Sparkle and Kenji. Even Spidey was giggling, especially on the turns.

Suro's heart warmed at the scene before him, one he could never have hoped for, much less imagined a year ago, and this caused him to do something that brought Lacey to an immediate halt.

"What?" he asked as she stared up at him with comically wide eyes.

"You're smiling," she said. She cupped one side of his face in her hand. "I've never seen you smile before. It's beautiful."

No, Lacey was beautiful, and he had never wanted any woman as much as he wanted her. He dipped his head towards her to taste her sweet lips, momentarily forgetting Sparkle and Kenji, and Spidey. The music faded away and there was nothing left but the two of them, him smiling, her smiling back, their lips almost about to touch-

The harsh screech of the doorbell sounded and Lacey snapped out of their daze, pulling back from him.

"I wonder who that could be?"

Sparkle answered the door, while Lacey went to turn off the music. So it was in dead silence that Sparkle revealed Spidey's mother, Candy, standing at the door.

"WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?" Lacey demanded as soon as she stepped into the hallway with Spidey and closed the door behind her.

Candy held out her arms, "Give me my son."

"Your son who I've been taking care of for the last twenty-four hours?" Lacey pointed at her. "I think you owe me an explanation first."

"I don't owe you shit! I've been doing what I had to do to make sure my son and me get the money we need."

You haven't been..." Lacey lowered her voice. "You haven't been selling your body, have you? Because, Candy, the drugs aren't worth it. We can get you help."

"I don't need help," Candy said. "And even if I did, I wouldn't be asking you for it, Tasha."

Her blood ran cold. "What did you call me?"

"You heard me," Candy said. "I knew I'd seen you before some place. At first I thought maybe you used to strip and you just didn't want everybody to know. But then the other day it came to me. You was the girl behind the counter at Cofi's! My mama used to love that place and we were up in there all the time. She was real pissed then when your dad closed up his shop out the blue like that. And she was even more pissed she didn't know where you went, because Hector Mendez had his guys showing your picture all around the neighborhood, saying he'd give anybody with information about your whereabouts a real nice reward. I was still in high school, but I remembered the story about how you shot that poor man's only son."

Lacey shook her head. "I don't know who you think I am, but you must have mistaken me for somebody else."

"Stop lying, bitch." Candy rolled her neck. "You want to know where I was? I was back in Trenton, getting a nice grip of cash from Hector Mendez. He didn't believe me when I called and said I had information about your whereabouts. Flew me out to New Jersey and everything to get the whole story and make sure I wasn't lying. I told him all about you working in Chicago now and about that Rain Man daughter of yours."

She smiled when Lacey's eyes widened in horror.

"Yeah, he was real interested in his granddaughter, since he don't got no other family," Candy said. She then glared at Lacey with barely contained hate. "I knew you was putting on a front from the first day I met you. Acting all prissy, like your shit don't stink."

Lacey trembled, unable to believe after everything she had done to stay hidden, one disgruntled addict had blown her cover. "Why do you hate me so much? I've never done anything to you."

"You fucked with me, so I fucked with you," Candy answered like it was a simple math equation. "You know how we do it in West Trenton."

Candy snatched Spidey out of her arms, and the little boy immediately started crying in protest. But all Lacey could do was stand there frozen as Candy walked away with the child.

What was she going to do? What was she going to do?

She re-entered the apartment in a daze.

"Where's Spidey?" Kenji demanded as soon as she walked through the door.

"I had to give him back," she heard herself say. "He's with his mother."

Somehow she managed to tell them a version of what had happened and then make small talk in the gloomy mood that followed.

"We'll get him back," Suro said to her quietly after they said good night to Kenji and Sparkle. "I'll make calls first thing in the morning and we'll get this solved. Spidey deserves better."

She looked at him, her eyes brimming with tears. "I love you," she whispered.

"What?" he said, surprise written clearly across his normally passive face.

"I love you," she said again. "I'm sorry it took me this long to tell you."

He came to stand next to her, searching her face for several moments, before finally releasing her hair from its bun. It was so quiet between them, she could swear she heard his heartbeat, strong and steady. Then he pushed her hair behind her ear and said, "I love you, too."

And this time it was she who threw herself at him, pushing him back on the bed, as she unbuttoned his shirt and stripped him out of his clothes as fast as she could.

"I love you so much." She barely gave him time to get on the condom. It felt like everything in the world came down to her lifting her dress up and pulling him inside of her. "Touch me, please touch me," she begged.

But he did more than that. He flipped her over onto her back and pushed into her with hard, strong thrusts, letting his hands roam her breasts, her sides, then down to her thighs as he did so. "I love you, too. You're the first woman I've ever loved. The only woman..."

Then his words got lost when she pulled him down to kiss her. For once it didn't feel like it was her warming him up, instead the heat of his passion flowed into her, filling her up with sweet light until she exploded with it into a thousand stars all pulsating with incredible feelings.

He came a few minutes later, swelling and releasing into the condom. "I love you, too," he said again, kissing her until every drop of cum had shuddered out of him.

He settled down beside her in bed a few moments later. For a while they both basked in the after glow of their love, until she said, "I know you like my cooking, but I want to tell you, those are my father's recipes. He taught me how to make them. He taught me almost everything I know. We were very close. You're the first person I've ever told that to."

Suro took her hand in his. "Your father's dead, isn't he?"

She clamped her lips and nodded. "Ten years ago. He died in a fire. I miss him everyday."

He didn't answer for a long time. "I'm planning to make some lifestyle changes. I'll make it so you don't ever have to miss me like you miss your father."

For a moment, she was giddy with love, her heart swelling, because this man wanted something bigger with her. But then reality intruded, and she saw Candy, so proud of herself for giving the boss her come-uppance.

She rolled over and gave Suro a light kiss. "I think I'm going to get a glass of your scotch," she said against his lips. "Do you want one, too?"

And there it was, that smile that turned his entire face into the most beautiful sight she had ever seen. "Yes, I'd like that," he said, looking more content then she'd ever seen him.

CHAPTER 18

"DAD? Dad? Are you awake?"

Suro had to put considerable effort into opening his eyes, which felt like they had been glued together, but Kenji's voice compelled him to fight against the blackness that was trying to pull him back under, and eventually an out-of-focus picture of his son's worried face came into view.

"What happened?" he asked. He shook his head to clear out some of the fogginess when the room finally came into clear focus. This was when he realized he was no longer in Lacey's apartment. "Where am I?"

He tried to sit up, but the world spun on him, forcing him back down to his elbows.

"Don't," a pretty black woman, who Suro recognized as Ferrari, one of the dancers Lacey liked and considered a friend, stepped into his line of vision behind Kenji. "Lacey said you'd be out of it for a while, even after you woke up, so don't try to overdo it too quickly."

He had been drugged. And furthermore: "Lacey did this?"

He reached up to his chest to feel for the key, but of course it was gone.

"Where is she?" he said, fighting the spinning and sitting up anyway.

"She's gone, Dad, and she took Sparkle," Kenji told him. "She said to tell you sorry, but they had to go."

"Why am I...wherever this is?" he asked, looking around the overly frilly room. The bed he was lying on was lined with stuffed animals, the windows were adorned with lace curtains, and there was a glass cabinet full of African-American Precious Moments figurines against the opposite wall.

"It's my apartment," said Ferrari. "Lacey brought you here because she said it wasn't safe for you at her place."

He gritted his teeth. "How long have I been out?"

"Dad, I'm sorry," Kenji said. "I wouldn't have helped them bring you over here if I knew you'd be out so long. But Sparkle's mom said it was the only way to keep you safe while you slept."

So she had not only drugged him, she'd gotten her son to help him drag his body to her friend's apartment. "How long have I been out?" he asked again.

The pretty woman winced. "About twenty-four hours, I think?"

It took Suro fifteen more minutes before he was able to stand on steady feet and take care of practical matters like emptying his bladder. But as soon as he could, he made his way down the hall back to Lacey's apartment.

"No, Dad," Kenji said. "Sparkle's mom said to tell you not to go back there. She said it was dangerous and that we both needed to stay at Miss Ferrari's apartment until we could get a room somewhere."

Suro ignored his son and kept walking until he got close enough to see that the door to Lacey's apartment was standing open.

He stopped. "Get back to Ferrari's apartment," he said to his son in a quiet voice.

Kenji's eyes widened. "Do you think someone's in there?"

He'd done a lot to keep Kenji distanced from what he did, but that had come at a certain cost. His son didn't know how to obey his father under life or death circumstances.

"Kenji," he said, his voice very hard. "Lacey was right. It's dangerous. I need to go in alone. Now get back to the apartment."

"No, I'm coming with you. I can help."

"You already helped enough!" Suro roared. "Now get back to the apartment."

Kenji, who'd never been yelled at before by his father, looked hurt. His bottom lip shook, but he turned and ran back to Ferrari's apartment, leaving Suro to feel like an ass.

Kenji's advanced verbal skills and musical genius sometimes made him seem older than his years, but the truth was, he was still a little boy with special needs. One who Lacey had easily manipulated into helping her. A fresh well of fury rose up inside of him, and he pushed on to Lacey's open door.

He found the apartment completely ransacked. Whoever had been here hadn't found what they wanted and had angrily looked for clues of Lacey's whereabouts. They'd overturned furniture and knifed open cushions, leaving shattered knick-knacks and appliances in their wake.

Suro didn't sense anyone still in the apartment and he doubted his guns would still be where he'd hidden them in the closet. He was right on both counts.

The apartment was empty and the guns were nowhere to be found. They had also cracked his rattan bo staff, another treasured item lost, thanks to Lacey's refusal to tell him the truth.

"I was just about to get in touch with you, man," Dexter said when he answered Suro's call fifteen minutes later.

"If it's about a job, I don't have time to talk about that now. I need to know if you found anything else out about Lacey."

"Man, get this. It's about her and a job," Dexter said. "I caught up with that woman from the building fire three days ago, and she didn't have a name for me, but she did say the man had definitely been from New Orleans. Though he said he'd been living up North for a while. She said he had a daughter and the daughter had a little girl of her own who was the same age as the child who died in the fire. I was like, 'Bingo, we got her!' But the trail went cold again, because they were paying their rent in cash and had given the landlord fake names. And I was thinking that was the end of it, but this morning, I get a call from one of my contacts. There's a big contract out for the girl who killed Hector Mendez's son."

"Hector Mendez, the head of the tri-state Dominican mafia?" Suro asked. He'd never met the man himself, but he'd been around long enough to have garnered a reputation even outside of the criminal world.

"Yeah, him. And the money being offered is insane," Dexter said. "I told him The Silence doesn't take on mafia clients and he doesn't kill women, but the guy was pressing me hard. Said this girl killed the Mendez's son in cold-blood and disappeared. The son was an A+ student, had nothing to do with the business, a real pillar of the community, and this girl shot him without a second thought and disappeared."

"The police never found her either?" Suro asked.

"The police never even got involved. According to my contact, the police declared it a suicide. The gun belonged to the son, his prints were all over it, and he'd been shot at close range. They closed the case quick, but Hector's sure this girl did it. She split town in the middle night with her pops, and Hector's been looking for her ever since."

"How did they find her?" Suro asked, digesting this information.

"Some stripper named Candy tipped them off that this girl was living under another identity in Chicago. But when they went looking for her, she'd already run. The name Candy helped me put it all together."

Suro's hand tightened around the phone "Lacey was the girl who killed his son."

"Yep. I asked my contact to send me the details, just in case I was wrong. But right now, I'm looking at a picture of ol' Dead Girl with a perm taken about thirteen years ago. Her real name is Tasha. And Hector Sr. wants her dead, but he wants you to bring in Sparkle alive. It looks like she's his granddaughter, but he didn't know that til recently."

"So that's what she was keeping from me," Suro's hand tightened around his phone. "That she killed her baby's father and then ran away trying to escape the wrath of his father?"

"It looks like you might have dodged a bullet. Literally. According to this file ol' Dead Girl was crazy. Got jealous or something and shot the kid for no reason at all."

Suro's jaw set. "Tell your contact I'll take the case."

"Seriously?"

"Yes, seriously," Suro answered, his heart a block of ice in his chest. "I've got to get Kenji situated back in school, but this will be over by Christmas. He has my word."

CHAPTER 19

"NO! No! No!" Lacey said, clutching her hair behind her head as a blue cross appeared on a pregnancy test for the second time in her life.

She had only arrived in Santa Fe three weeks ago. And she had finally gotten Sparkle-now Jennifer-enrolled in public school for the following semester. Getting her out of the house and into school would be a godsend, because Sparkle was more than a little angry with her for dragging her out of Chicago and making her cut her semester short at Rise Academy.

The twelve-year-old had been playing her electric keyboard non-stop, day and night, refusing to wear headphones, even when the neighbors started banging on their walls, yelling at her to cut it out already. Lacey had finally resorted to hiding the piano cord while Sparkle was asleep, but that hadn't stopped her. Lacey now knew that the only thing creepier than a child revenge-playing a keyboard, was a child revenge-playing a keyboard that didn't make any sound.

In a nutshell, she missed Chicago terribly and the new year couldn't come soon enough.

Still, she was beginning to feel like she was finally settling into life in Santa Fe. This was her second week of work at the Greek diner, where she'd managed to find an under-the-table job. The pay was a joke, but it would have to do until she could find something else. The chances of her getting another gig like the one she had before were miniscule, but any money was better than no money until her daughter went to college.

Or at least that was what she had thought until she'd taken the pregnancy test during her fifteen-minute break.

This couldn't be happening. This could NOT be happening. Not now, not under these circumstances. She needed the fatigue and nausea that had been dogging her ever since they moved to Santa Fe to be a prolonged version of a flu, a symptom of moving from Chicago, which had been in the forties when she left to the much warmer Santa Fe.

But it wasn't the flu. The blue cross on the stick told her as much.

Her mind flashed back to the intense argument she and Suro had before they agreed to make nice until Christmas. Apparently more than a truce had come out of that session of brutally hot sex.

What was she going to do? Her mind reeled, trying to come up with possible scenarios, the first of which was getting the abortion she couldn't agree to, even under the threat of violence, when she was eighteen.

She was in her thirties now, and though she still believed in God-the fact that she was still alive was enough to keep her a true believer-she was no longer a practicing Catholic.

She had learned the hard way that sometimes you had to bend the rules to survive. Still, despite all she had been through, she was only able to entertain this thought for a few seconds before her mind shut down.

Lacey had done a lot of awful things to survive, but she couldn't get rid of this baby, not because of any belief system but because it was hers. Hers and Suro's.

And she realized at that moment though she had done everything in her power to kill any love Suro had for her, she couldn't just get rid of this last memento of him.

But how much longer could she survive like this? The money she'd saved would only go so far, especially when she factored in hospital bills and the cost of raising a newborn. Her mind reeled, overwhelmed by this latest twist in what was turning out to be a very, very ill fated story-until somebody pounded on the bathroom door.

"I don't know what you're doing in there, but we've got customers out here waiting," Nestor, her new boss said, "And I'm not paying you to spend all your time in the bathroom!"

No, he was paying her peanuts to serve a clientele who were either too poor or too miserly to leave decent tips.

Lacey wrapped the evidence of her pregnancy in toilet tissue and threw it into the trash before turning on the water. "Sorry, just washing my hands," she called back.

Nestor glared at her for the rest of her shift, but Lacey couldn't bring herself to care. Sparkle-now-Jennifer had been giving her the close-to-silent treatment for days now. As far as Lacey was concerned, Nestor was just another name on the list of people who now hated Leslie, the waitress formerly known as Lacey and Tasha.

At that point, she was more concerned about making it through her shift in the hot, pungent diner without throwing up or fainting.

She'd almost made it to the end of her shift, when Maria, a hunched over, much older waitress, came up to her.

"Got a guy at table three says he wants you to be his waitress."

"I've only got five more minutes on my shift. Can you handle it?" she asked.

But Maria shook her head. "Sorry, girlie, but the customer's always right. I told you when you first started here to cut that friendly shit out. That's how you end up getting customers outside your section requesting you specifically."

Immediately, her father's voice popped into her head, "You too friendly-"

Yes, yes, I know, she answered, cutting off the ghostly memory before he could finish his chastisement. Despite everything that had happened to her, she still loved to talk to people and had already garnered a contingent of senior citizen customers who put in requests for her. Santa Fe boasted a huge over fifty-five population. People came here from all over the United States to retire, so she got these kinds of requests at least once a day.

As she approached table three, she vowed to keep her answers short and succinct no matter how much the customer wanted to talk. She was on the run again, she reminded herself. It was time to learn how to be a bitch for her own good.

"What can I get you?' she asked, her eyes resolutely on her order pad, trying to make her voice as uninviting as possible.

"Sit down."

"Sir, I'm afraid I can't do that." She glanced up to pin a firm, no-nonsense gaze on the customer, but instead of the little old man she'd been expecting, she met Suro's black eyes, his face a study in stone cold fury.

"Sit down," he repeated.

She swallowed. "I'm not allowed to-"

"Sit," he said again, this time in a tone that promised dire consequences if she kept on trying to argue with him.

Lacey scanned the restaurant to make sure Nestor, who also served as the cook, wasn't looking. When she saw his back was turned she quickly dropped into the booth across from Suro.

"Unless you buy this place, too, I don't have much time to talk." Her voice came out sounding more peevish than she'd intended.

But his eyes just flickered to her badge. "You're Leslie now."

She shrugged, "Yeah, I guess I am."

She eyed him warily. This wasn't the Suro she'd reluctantly left behind in Chicago. This Suro practically radiated with tightly controlled anger and put her in mind of the bodyguards who used to accompany Hector Jr. to public events, dead-eyed men who would just as soon kill a man as speak to him.

"How did you find me?" she asked him, her curiosity overriding her fear.

He steepled his hands and spoke in a quiet monotone. "I'm not here to make small talk with you."

"Then why are you here," she asked. "And again, how did you find me?"

His eyes ran over her, as if he were surveying a bug he wanted to crush beneath his foot. "I never did tell you my specialty, did I? Just that I was in security."

"That's okay," she said, suddenly even more nervous than before. "There was a lot I didn't tell you either. Maybe we should call it even?"

The look he gave her made her wonder if the smiling version of him had been something she'd made up in her head. This Suro didn't seem capable of smiling, much less professing his love for her as he had the last time they spoke.

"I'm a hit man," he said. "I get paid to hunt people down and finish them."

She couldn't have stopped her body from trembling, even if she wanted to. "You kill people for a living?"

Suddenly she understood how he managed to radiate so much danger, even when he was sitting still. "Why are you telling me this?" she asked, whispered really, unable to keep the fear out of her voice.

"Because I've been contracted by Hector Mendez, Sr. to kill you."

She gasped, a hand flying up to her throat and her eyes immediately went to the exit. If she ran fast enough, maybe she could-

But his next words interrupted her escape plan. "I put a GPS tracker in the base of your suitcase. That's how I found you. And I've been staking you out for a week now. I know where you live, I've been inside your apartment, and you have no idea what I might have stuck a tracker to. If you try to run again with anything but the clothes on your back, I will easily find you." He slid a business card across the table with heavily embossed writing on it. "Meet me at my hotel after your shift."

Then he stood and walked out of the restaurant without another word.

She scrambled out of the booth almost as soon as he turned his back, her mind racing. Her first thought was to run anyway, get new papers, do whatever it took. But the stuff he had said about easily being able to track her down had seemed less like a threat and more like a promise.

She picked up the card off the table and fingered the name of the Cliffrose Inn, with her thumb. It was a luxury resort located about halfway between where she worked and her apartment. She passed it everyday on her way to the restaurant. A cold chill shot through her as she wondered if Suro had been watching her walk past every day.

"What'd you say to make that guy leave?"

She looked up to find Nestor now standing behind her, his face drawn into its usual frown.

"Nothing," she answered. "He just decided he didn't want to eat here."

"That's it," Nestor said. "I know a dud when I see one. You're fired."

She opened her mouth to protest, but Nestor cut her off. "No more excuses. Just get out of my restaurant." And he turned and walked away.

What was this? Say Something Crazy to Lacey and Then Walk Away Day?

"Screw you, Nestor!" she said to his back.

He turned around and glared at her. "What did you just say to me?"

"You heard me," she said. "Screw you. You're mean, you're greedy, and you're a small, small man who enjoys taking advantage of people with your low-quality to food and the way you treat your works because you know they don't have anywhere else to go."

Everyone in the restaurant, including Maria, was staring at her with their mouths wide open now, but she kept going. "You know what you are? You're a parasite who don't nothing but take, take, take," she told Nestor, her Jersey accent coming back in full effect. "And you don't have to fire me, because I quit."

Then she walked out of the restaurant without a backwards glance. She had been playing the soft and meek role for the last twelve years, afraid to ever really stand up for herself for fear of discovery. And what had it gotten her? A stripper she hadn't wanted to hire in the first place ratting her out and an ex-boyfriend, who was now planning on killing her.

She was done apologizing to people like Nestor, especially now that she didn't have anything else to lose.

That decided, she snatched her phone out of her purse and called the only person she owed anything to.

"What?" her daughter asked in the hostile tone she'd decided to take with Lacey as of late.

"I have to meet with someone," Lacey answered. "So I might be late tonight."

"I don't care," Sparkle informed her, even less emotional than usual.

And Lacey had to bite back the urge to go off on her petulant daughter, like she'd just gone off on her former boss. "I know you're angry at me. But I need you to listen to me carefully now," she said between clenched teeth.

Silence.

"Jennifer, are you still there?"

"Yes, and for the record, I hate the name Jennifer."

"I know you do." Lacey took a deep breath. She had hoped she wouldn't have to ever have this conversation with Sparkle. She'd hoped she'd be able to send her daughter off to college one day and give her the means to lead a normal life. She cursed herself now for letting down her guard in Montana, even for one night.

But in the end, she gathered up the last of her resolve and said, "In case I can't get back there, I need you to remember these letters: ISLVM. The easy way to remember it is 'I love Sparkle very much.' Check the letters against a telephone pad and you'll have the combination to the safe under my bed. It has everything you need, including instructions about what to do if you don't hear from me."

For the first time in weeks, Sparkle didn't sound angry when she spoke to her. "What's going on? Mom, you're scaring me."

She thought about the icy look on Suro's face as he informed her he was a hit man. "I'm sorry. I don't want to scare you like this. Please believe me. I never wanted any of this for you, but from now on, I need you to be selfish, okay? Don't worry about me. Worry about you. Do whatever it takes to make sure you don't turn out like me, okay? I love you, Sparkle," she told her daughter. "You're the best thing that's ever happened to me and I will always, always love you no matter where I am."

"Mom, you're upsetting me," she could practically hear Sparkle rubbing her thumb between her fingers on the other end of the line.

"I know, and that's why I'm going to get off the phone now. I don't want to upset you any more than I have."

"Mom, no. Stay on the phone."

"Sparkle, breathe. Remember your exercises. Just breathe until you're able to take the next step and do I would told you."

"Mom-"

She hung up on her daughter. It seemed less cruel that way. And when she dropped the burner phone back into her purse, she saw that the Cliffrose Inn, a quaint collection of adobe suites, was standing right in front of her.

CHAPTER 20

A FEW minutes later, she found herself outside Suro's stand-alone suite, knocking on a door painted with a Navajo symbol. It felt like knocking on the door to her own death and her heart beat in her throat when Suro answered. He looked her up and down before opening the door wider so she could enter.

More than twelve years of running, and it had all come down to this, she thought. How would he kill her? she wondered. He didn't have a gun in his hand. Would he strangle her, or smother her, slit her throat, or force her to drink poison?

Strange, she would have never guessed he was hit man when they were together, but now it made total sense.

She heard the door click behind her and she gathered up her bravery, before turning around to face him. "Before you kill me, I have a few things I have to say."

He stood there, hands at his side, lethal in his stillness, but he didn't interrupt so she took that as an invitation to continue.

"I'm glad you know. I couldn't tell you myself, but I'm glad you found out." She looked him in the eye. "Because I wasn't lying in Chicago. I really do love you, and more than anything I wanted you to know who I really was."

To her surprise his face morphed from impassive into a storm cloud of rage. "Do not lie to me."

"I'm not," she said, and she stood her ground, though her instincts were screaming at her to run, to try to get away from this killer, this mad man, even if he'd easily be able to catch her.

"Do not lie to me," he said again, angrier than she'd ever seen him.

"I'm not!"

His body crashed into hers like a runaway train. Her back hit an adobe wall and the block of ice that had opened the door became a wall of heat. Suro kissed her everywhere, her neck, her chest, her face all the while demanding, "Stop lying, stop lying, stop lying."

"I'm not," she said. And she kissed him back with all the passion she'd been trying to forget in the long weeks since she'd left him unconscious in Ferrari's apartment.

He lifted her leg up around his waist, hiking up her skirt, so she could feel his rigid hard-on against her womanhood.

"Please believe me," she said. "I loved you. I still do. So much. I don't care who are or what you do for a living."

There came the sound of her panties ripping and he was inside her, no condom, just his long, unforgiving length sheathing itself all the way to the hilt inside her quivering pussy. "Yes!" she cried out, happier than she had any right to be, because they were joined together again, even if it was in anger on his part.

He yanked the front of her waitress uniform open and the cheap buttons went flying everywhere. Then he pulled down her bra so her now swollen breasts came bursting out, and he started moving against her, his chest scraping again her sensitive nipples every time he jerked his cock inside her.

For a long while nothing could be heard in the room except for his harsh breaths and the sound of him slamming into her as he fucked her like a vengeful beast against the wall.

But then she wrapped her arms around him as tight as she could and said, "I love you, Suro. I really do. Leaving you was the hardest thing I've ever done, and God help me, I'm so happy to see you again. I will never, ever lie to you again I swear. I swear it."

For a few moments he kept fucking her in the rough manner of a man who could care less about the woman he was rutting, but she kept whispering it in his ear, "I love you, I love you, I love you," and soon he broke.

His strokes went from rough to tender, and his hand wrapped around the nape of her neck as he pulled her face forward. He kissed and kissed her, like a man who had been starved of kisses for a very long time. And if this had been his plan to try to shut her up, it backfired, because she moaned the words against his lips. "I love you, I love you..."

Soon an orgasm began to blossom inside of her, unfolding like a flower as he moved into her, not stopping until she was shuddering against him, unable to continue speaking the words in her heart because she was so overcome.

Soon after, she felt him swell inside her and then spill his seed into her in a rush of moving bodies, cold adobe wall, and lovers finally reunited.

Later she lay on top of the Navajo spread with him and told him everything from the start, about growing up in New Jersey with her father, about the events that led up to her killing Hector Mendez's son, and her many years on the lam afterwards.

He didn't say much, but he didn't have to. Just finally telling someone, anyone, the entire saga brought her more peace than she had felt in years.

"I'm sorry I kept all of this from you," she said, lying against his chest. She could hear his heart thumping beneath her ear. "But I wasn't trying to lie to you. I was honestly trying to protect you. I already lost my father and Sparkle's all caught up in my mess. I didn't want someone else I loved to get in harm's way."

She looked up to see how he was taking all of this, but his face remained impassive. She quickly ducked her head again, so she didn't have to see his reaction as she said, "Also, this just in: I'm pregnant. So if you're still planning to kill me, I'm asking that you give me six months so no one else has to die because of what I did."

Still he didn't answer, but the speeding up of his heartbeat told her he had heard every word.

"Suro?" she asked.

"I'm a hit man, but that doesn't mean I'm without honor. I don't kill women," he said,"and I never planned to kill you."

"You didn't?" she asked. "Then why did you take the case?"

"For the reason I've done every crazy thing I've done over the past six months," he answered. "Because of you. Now go to sleep."

"But-"

"Go to sleep."

So she went to sleep. It wasn't hard. She'd had a strange and crazy day, the low point being when she was fairly sure she was going to die by Suro's hand. But she was still alive. She'd confessed everything, and she was in the arms of the man she loved. That was enough for today, she thought, and let sleep pull her under.

She woke up a few hours later in a pitch-black room to the sound of her burner phone ringing. More than a little confused by the unfamiliar surroundings, she fumbled around in the dark for a light only to discover when she turned it on, Suro was gone. Moreover, the room was empty. His suitcase was gone, along with any other signs he'd ever been there.

If not for the fact that her lady parts felt pretty worked over, and she was buck-naked and in a hotel room at the Cliffrose Inn, she would have thought maybe she had hallucinated the whole thing.

Still confused, she made her way to the ringing phone and picked it up when she saw Sparkle's number. "Sparkle-I mean, Jennifer, are you okay?"

"I'm fine, Mom," Sparkle said. "But there's a big guy here. He told me to call you."

She sighed. "Is it a big black guy named Dexter?" she asked.

"No, I know who Dexter is." Sparkle answered, not bothering to lower her voice. "It's a big white guy. His name is Alexei Rustanov. And he says Suro sent him."

CHAPTER 21

LACEY hadn't been the only one keeping secrets in their relationship. Apparently Suro was not only a hit man by trade, but he also hung out with Russian billionaires. At least she thought Alexei Rustanov was his friend.

The only explanation he had given before hustling Sparkle and her to his private jet, which Sparkle had recognized as the one that had taken her from Rise Academy to Chicago, was, "Nakamura asked me to pick you up, take you back to our home in Texas, and keep you there until further notice. So that is what I am doing."

His home in Texas turned out to be a rather large compound in the middle of a small Texas town called Drummond with twenty-four/seven security. Even if Lacey had thought about running away again, and considering the weird circumstances, she did think about it, she doubted she would have gotten past the front gate. And even though he was kind enough to put her and Sparkle up in the "guest house," which was actually a large, two-floor villa, she felt like a very well kept prisoner.

They had a dedicated housekeeper who came to take their order for dinner every night. Also, there was an upright piano in the living room, so Sparkle was A-OK with the situation, even if her mother was not.

Lacey had expected to be there for a few days, but then a whole week passed by without so much as a text message from Suro or an appearance from Alexei Rustanov. The enigmatic billionaire had apparently flown all the way to Santa Fe to get them himself but then hadn't bothered to check in with her after dumping them in his swanky guesthouse.

Not to mention she was bored out of her skull. Say what you want about being a somewhat seedy manager/creative accountant for a strip club, it had at least always been interesting. Staying in the villa was way better than waiting tables in some hole-in-the-wall in Santa Fe, but she soon tired of the steady diet of television and listening to Sparkle play the piano in the background.

She was just considering hatching an escape plan, when she heard voices arguing outside of the villa's front door.

"There is no reason to disturb them, Eva," came Alexei's stern voice.

"Don't you even try to talk to me right now," came another voice, heavy with a Texas accent. "I can't believe you have these people up in our house and weren't even trying to treat them like guests."

"They are not guests, they are a favor."

"If they're staying on my property, they are guests. And what kind of Texan calls guests 'a favor'? That's just downright inhospitable."

"I did feed them," he pointed out, between what Lacey assumed were clenched teeth. "And as you know, I am not a Texan. I am Russian."

"I'll say you are, a Texan would never treat guests this way."

"They are not guests!"

Before the argument could circle back around, Lacey yanked open the door to see the lady who was giving Alexei such a hard time.

She was surprised to find a pretty and very pregnant black woman on the doorstep, with her hands on her hips as she addressed the much larger Alexei Rustanov. But as soon as she saw Lacey, she pasted on a wide smile. "How are ya'll doing?" She held out her hand for a shake. "Eva Rustanov. I'm the mayor of Drummond and Alexei's wife. It is so nice to make your acquaintance."

Lacey tentatively shook her hand, finding it hard to believe that this little spitfire was married to the scary Russian who had picked them up in Santa Fe. "It's nice to meet you, too. Are you really the mayor? I've never met a mayor before, especially not a female one."

"I sure am," Eva answered. "And let me tell you, the last mayor, my daddy, is still hoppin' mad about it. Of course, if it had been up to him, I wouldn't have married this big, rude Russian husband of mine in the first place." Eva glanced sideways at the handsome but hulking figure at her side.

"Eva..." he said, his voice full of warning.

But Eva swatted his words away. "I am almost six months pregnant with your oversized progeny. Do not 'Eva' me, Lexie."

She then turned her gorgeous smile back on Lacey. "Now tell me all about you. Can I just say, I am so glad you're here? It's been about a month of Sundays since I had another woman to talk with. And I love this classical music you're playing on the stereo. What is it?"

"Rachmaninoff," Alexei supplied. "He is a great Russian composer."

"And it's actually my daughter playing," Lacey told her, opening the door wider so they could come in. "She's been going backwards up a list of Russian composers she found on the internet ever since we got here. You should have come by a couple of days ago for all the Tchaikovsky. I guess it's kind of her way of thanking Mr. Rustanov for hosting us."

Eva's eyes widened in wonderment as she watched Sparkle's hands fly over the keys of the piano sitting in the living room. "I can't believe she's getting that to come out of our old piano. I could never get our son Aaron to so much as take lessons!"

"It 's a blessing and a curse," Lacey said. "Sparkle-I mean Jennifer-gets these ideas in her head and then she becomes kind of obsessed. But Mr. Rustanov, if you want to come back, she'll be playing until she gets to the A's"

"I think I might," Alexei answered, looking at Sparkle with real admiration in his eyes. "I have not heard trained pianists play Rachmaninoff half so well."

Not for the first time, Lacey wondered how far Sparkle could go in life if she weren't saddled with a mother who couldn't fully support her prodigious talent. For a few moments she let herself admire her daughter along with Alexei and Eva as they all watched her play.

When the piece finished, they applauded. But then Sparkle surprised them all by saying, "Perhaps your son does not like this piano because it's out of tune."

Lacey winced. She wasn't sure if they knew Sparkle was on the autism spectrum and meant no insult when she said things like that.

But either Suro had let them know or Eva was just smooth, because all she said was, "Well, aren't you a sweetheart for letting us know our piano needs fixing. We'll get somebody right on that."

Proving Lacey's years of instilling rote manners in her daughter hadn't been wasted, Sparkle did say, "Thank you," before flipping to the next computer print out of music and starting another piece.

The adults eventually ended up in the kitchen with Eva making them tea while they chatted back and forth about Texas and the house, which, as it turned out, Eva had grown up in since her father had been the mayor for many years before her. "The truth is, if they ever decide to vote me out, we're going to be in a real pickle because technically the town owns this house, and we've built up our compound around it."

Rustanov frowned at his wife. "Drummond loves you. They would not do this to you. And if ever you decide to retire, then we will buy this house from them and build them another one outside the compound."

Eva reached over and squeezed Alexei's hand. "My biggest supporter right here. But seriously, I hope ya'll are comfortable. If you need anything, just holler. And again, let me apologize for my husband. If I hadn't been away at a conference, I would never have let you languish out here all alone."

"They are not alone, they have each other," Alexei said. "And you are right, you should have been here. You shouldn't be traveling in your condition."

Eva just rolled her eyes. "Lexie's all scared because it took us a while to get pregnant due to a really bad decision he made when was in the habit of sleeping with unsuitable women who weren't me."

"All the books say you should not fly after six months. What would you have done if you had gone into early labor?"

"I dunno, called the two bodyguards you had hovering over me the entire conference?" Eva answered, so obviously not afraid of her husband that Lacey could only stare at her in awe. "Relax, Lexie. I'm back now and I'm not going anywhere else anytime soon. Especially now that I know we have guests."

Before Alexei could say anything else, she turned back to Lacey. "Now tell me all about you. I'm guessin' you must have a pretty extraordinary back story."

So Lacey told her everything. She wasn't sure how much she already knew, but it seemed silly to keep holding on to secrets, especially from a woman who lived in a compound.

By the end of the story Eva was holding her hand and listening, hanging on her every word. "And you say this Suro just upped and disappeared? Where did he go? Why hasn't he contacted you?"

"I don't know," she answered. She glanced at Alexei, who had also listened quietly but hadn't seemed overly surprised by anything she said, which made her suspect he already knew most of the story she'd just told. "Your husband hasn't told me anything about him, other than he said to come get my daughter and me."

Eva turned to Alexei expectantly, but he shook his head. "It is better she does not know."

Eva glared at her husband. "You mean like it was better for me not to know all the stuff that kept us apart for seven years? You better tell this woman what happened to her man."

Alexei rubbed a hand over his face. "Kotenok, it is not so simple."

"What? Did he make you pinky swear to worry his girlfriend, the mother of his child, to death as opposed to letting her know what was going on?" Eva asked.

"No, he did not have to swear me to secrecy," Alexei answered. "We are both honorable men. We know not to involve our women in the dirtier aspects of our business."

His tone said in every way that this subject was off limits, but Eva just held up her hand and said, "Wait a minute, he didn't explicitly tell you not tell her what was going on?"

Alexei sighed as if he was dealing with a frustrating child. "He didn't have to tell me. Like I said, we are both honorable men-"

Eva cut him off again. "Lexie, you better tell this woman what's going on."

Alexei started to shake his head.

"And before you start shaking your head, let me just tell you how this is going to go. If you don't start talking right now, then Aaron and I are going to move in with Tasha here until further notice."

Alexei opened his mouth.

"And don't say I can't take Aaron. You know that boy of ours is not going to let his mama move somewhere by herself. He'll be coming with me even if he misses you. And at first you'll hold on to your pride and stay away, but then you'll get to missing having your family all around and you know how you love to fuss over me. How are you going to know I'm not over here doing all sorts of heavy-lifting and drinking caffeinated beverages?"

"You would not endanger our daughter like that," Alexei insisted. "You want her just as badly as I do."

Her face melted in sympathetic agreement. "Of course, I do, baby. I'm so happy we made this child together and of course, I'm going to try my best to take care of myself when I'm walking up and down those rickety stairs and fumbling for the coffee in the morning. I trust myself to get through this pregnancy unscathed, the question is do you want to leave all that stuff up to chance just so you don't have to tell Lacey what's going on?"

Alexei folded his arms, his face a thundercloud of anger as another Rachmaninoff piece played furiously in the background.

But in the end, he said, "Fine, but heed me close, kotenok, there will be consequences for your manipulations tonight after Aaron has gone to bed."

Eva threw him a saucy smile. "And I'm looking forward to them. Now talk."

Alexei sighed and turned to Lacey. "You described Nakamura as a hit man, but he is more than that. He does not simply kill. He is what those in need of his services would call a handler. Some years ago, I contracted him to handle the person who was trying to keep Eva and I apart."

Eva's eye widened. "You mean this is the guy who killed..." She trailed off, obviously not wanting to say the name of the person who had been standing between them.

Alexei gave a short nod, "He also handled the man who had been dispatched to kill you." His eyes went back to Lacey. "Ever since then, I have been asking him to become the head of security for Rustanov Enterprises. We have many enemies throughout the world and a man of his talents would serve us well. However, he turned down my offers. At first because he worked alone, and then because he was happy letting his partner do the work he did not like. I told him they both could come work for me, but Nakamura said he liked having the freedom to cherry pick their cases. Though I am not one to give up on a pursuit, I had nearly given up on bringing Nakamura into the Rustanov empire. However, a few days before Thanksgiving, I received a call.

"Nakamura said he would come work for me, but he had two conditions. He wanted to work out of Chicago as much as possible, and he wanted use of my private jet to fly his son and one other person to and from school for major holidays. Of course, I agreed."

Alexei's face clouded over. "But then a few days ago, I received another call from him. He said something had come up and he had to delay coming to work for me until further notice, due to the Hector Mendez situation."

Lacey shook her head confused. "You mean he's going to try to kill Hector Mendez?"

Alexei shook his head. "I am afraid it is not that simple. With men such as Mendez, it is not enough to kill them. To truly handle such a problem, Nakamura must not only kill Hector Mendez, but also any person who might want to avenge his death-in this case a couple of allies, one of which resides in the Dominican Republic. It is a very dangerous mission, one that might require sacrifices that may mean Nakamura would not be able to return to your side."

Lacey covered her hand with her mouth. "You're trying to say Suro might die trying to kill these men, all because of me?"

"You see why I thought it better you did not know? But do not fret. Nakamura made a separate deal with me. He's made me the main beneficiary of his will in exchange for protecting you, Sparkle, Kenji and your child in the event of his death."

"You took that man's money?" Eva asked him. "You should have volunteered."

"That is not how these things work, kotenok. I would have of course done him this favor without him leaving me his money, considering what he did. But a man such as Nakamura does not receive charity. The only way he could trust I would do as I said is if I agreed to his terms."

"Well, can you send men to help him out with his mission? Give him some back up?" Eva asked, her voice growing hysterical. "I can't believe he's out there by himself."

"He works alone. This is how he prefers it," Alexei answered.

"Who cares what he wants? He's got a woman who's about to have his baby waiting for him."

But Lacey cut her off with a squeeze of her hand. "It's okay," she said.

"It's not okay," Eva said, indignantly. "I'm pregnant and I don't know what I'd do if Alexei was out there on some dangerous mission I didn't know if he'd come back from."

"He will come back," Lacey said, rubbing a hand over her stomach. "He promised me he'd never leave me like my father did. He promised me. And he's the kind of man who always keeps his promises."

Before Eva could say anything else, she asked Alexei. "Did he say when he'd be back?"

"He said I should start the process of executing his will if he was not back by Christmas."

Lacey grabbed on to that date as if her life depended on it. She could tell from the look on both Alexei's and Eva's faces they didn't quite believe Suro would be able to pull it off, but they didn't have to. She believed in Suro, more than she believed in herself. They would be together this Christmas. She just knew it.

CHAPTER 22

LACEY believed in Suro, she believed in him as fiercely as she'd ever believed in anyone. She had been through too much, had gone too many years without hope, to give up on Suro now.

But not everyone was so sure. Eva kept slipping concerned looks her way during their daily visits, and started talking about booking her an appointment with a local OB, even though Lacey told her she'd wait until they were all back in Chicago to get checked out. Her father had been so busy working to keep a roof over their heads the first time around that she'd had to go through everything, save the actual labor and delivery, alone. This time she wanted Suro there every step of the way.

Sparkle made it through the Russian greats disturbingly fast, but as it turned out, just in time. The day she finished the piano works of Alexander Abramsky, Alexei showed up with Kenji-apparently, Suro had also asked his Russian friend to pick Kenji up from school after the semester was over. And with little to no fanfare for their reunion, the two musical prodigies once again turned their attention back to their opera.

Alexei was so impressed by their dedication, he promised to finance a production of their opus if they finished it.

"When we finish it," Sparkle corrected him, before giving him a rote thank you for his promised patronage.

Lacey wouldn't have thought Kenji was thinking much about his father at all. Except the week before Christmas, she came downstairs to make herself a warm glass of milk because she couldn't sleep and found Suro's son staring out the living room's large bay window at the small path that led from the front gate to the guest house.

Even though she knew he was a musical prodigy with Asperger's who was skeptical about any unproven fantasy figures, at that moment he looked like nothing less than a little boy waiting for Santa Claus.

"Kenji, what are you doing down here?" she asked, coming to sit beside him in the window.

"My dad's not coming back, is he?"

Her heart thumped in her chest to hear Kenji say aloud what she'd only allowed herself to wonder on the darkest nights. "What makes you think that?"

"He called me a few weeks ago," Kenji said. His eyes stayed on the path. "He said he loved me and if anything happened to him, I should treat you like I would my mother. He said you two weren't married but he considered us a family and I should always take care of you and Sparkle."

She had to resist the urge to place her hands around his shoulders. Kenji, she had realized over the last couple of weeks, was even more sensitive to touch than her own daughter. Instead she settled for mentally envisioning she was hugging him when she said, "That's a lot of responsibility to put on a little boy."

Kenji rocked back and forth, but just once, as if he was putting considerable effort into controlling his physical tick. "The security guards at Rise Academy only make minimum wage. I asked them. My dad isn't just a security guard, is he?"

Lacey's first instinct was to lie, but over the past few weeks she had grown an aversion to keeping secrets. "No, he isn't."

"And whatever he does, it's dangerous, isn't it?" Kenji gave her a sad look. "You two didn't become boyfriend and girlfriend because I told you to, you became boyfriend and girlfriend because you both do bad things."

She sighed. "Kenji, I love your dad. And one thing I know for sure is we both have our reasons for any bad things we did. But trust me, I've lost my father, and in the end, the only thing that matters is the love. Your father will always love you and that's the most important thing, okay?"

Kenji gave her a skeptical look but said, "Okay."

"Do you want some warm milk?" she asked him.

"Is that something mothers do? Make warm milk?"

She gave him a wry smile. "Sometimes."

"Then I think I'll like having a mother for reasons other than facilitating my work with Sparkle."

She knew he was perfectly serious, so she tried to keep the smile off her lips as she answered, "Well, I know I'm going to love having a son. We're not the most normal family ever, but I think we're going to be great."

Another skeptical look from Kenji. "I'll reserve judgment until we see how the opera turns out."

That, she supposed, was the most she could ask for.

Over the next few days, it became her habit to bring Kenji a glass of warm milk during his nightly vigil by the window and she often joined him to watch the still empty path in companionable silence.

"You're humoring me aren't you? You don't think he's ever coming back," Kenji said on one of these silent nights.

Again she told him the truth. "I'm not humoring you, and I truly believe he's going to come back. Your father has kept every promise he's ever made me."

Lacey believed every word she said, but then it was Christmas Eve. Alexei, Eva, and their delightful son, Aaron, came over to unwrap one gift each from underneath the tree Eva had thoughtfully had set up in the guest house living room. And even Kenji and Sparkle took a break from their opera to join in the festivities.

It would have been a lot of fun if not for the missing presence of Suro hanging over the room.

Alexei came into the kitchen while Lacey was making a second batch of apple cider. He was wearing a Christmas sweater with a reindeer, a look so ludicrous on the large Russian, she didn't even have to question whether it had been a gift from Eva. Only his wife would have been able to convince the otherwise stern businessman to don Yuletide apparel.

Over the past few weeks, she learned Alexei put up with very little foolishness where others were concerned, but he was a pushover when it came to his wife.

"Just in time. You want your apple cider refill now?" she asked, gesturing at the mug in his hand.

He looked down at it as if just realizing it was there and nodded. "Yes, thank you. It is very good."

"The secret ingredient is maple syrup. My daddy believed in putting a touch of sweet in everything. He used to say even the spiciest dishes needed some light."

"He sounds like a very interesting man."

"He was," she said and found herself tearing up with memories of her father. But then she cleared her throat and put a mind to refilling Alexei's mug, making sure to add a slice of real apple and a stick of cinnamon. That had been her idea. Her father had never been one for making food pretty, but she had been fond of adding little touches to make it look as good as it tasted.

"Thank you," Alexei said, when she handed the mug back to him. Then: "We should talk about Nakamura."

"I know. I'm sad he's missing out on this apple cider, too. For somebody so lean, he likes his food. You'd never guess it."

But Alexei didn't pick up on this thread of conversation. "Tomorrow is Christmas," he said.

She tightened her jaw. "But it's not Christmas yet."

"We should talk about next steps. I can have new IDs made for you, Kenji, and Sparkle and get them enrolled at a new boarding school. But it is not a good idea for you to go back to Chicago or Santa Fe. You will have to choose a new place to live if Mendez's allies are looking for you."

"It's not Christmas yet," she said again.

"We should see to these things sooner than later. Eva is very worried you have not seen a doctor yet."

But she shook her head at him. "Alexei, I appreciate all you've done for us, but I still believe Suro is going to be here by tomorrow."

He looked at her in the pitying way adults do when kids who are old enough to know better admit to still believing in Santa Claus.

"I know you do, but we have not heard from him at all. Chances are not very good for your wish to come true this holiday."

Her answer to that was to paste a smile on her face before going to the door and calling out to everyone in the living room, "The new batch of cider is ready!"

And she tried to hold on to her faith in Suro. But throughout the evening, Kenji got grumpier and grumpier, making comments that seemed mean-spirited as opposed to socially awkward. And when she came downstairs to make him some warm milk, he shook his head. "Don't bother," he said. "He's not coming. He's dead."

"Don't say that," she whispered, covering her heart with her hand.

"Why not? It's true!" he said. "He's left me here all alone because he couldn't get a regular job like other dads."

She bent down to talk to him at eye level. "Please don't say that. Your dad loves you very much and I know he'd be here if he could."

"He's a bastard," Kenji said.

And though she knew he was speaking out of hurt, she had to control the urge to shake him and say, "Don't call your father out his name."

Instead she said, "No, he's very brave and he's noble. More brave and noble than I think either of us could ever be."

"Whatever," he said. He pushed past her and ran back up the stairs to his room. She heard a door slam on the second floor a few seconds later.

She wanted to run after him and tell him it wasn't true, that his father would be returning, he just had to keep the faith. But the old grandfather clock in the living room read 11: 50. As much as she wanted to believe, there seemed to be little or no chance Suro would be returning by Christmas as promised. And that meant he had sacrificed his life for her.

She waited with baited breath, and the minutes crept by, but soon enough the clock struck midnight. It was officially Christmas, and Suro wasn't there.

She wept then, so heartbroken she feared she wouldn't be able to pull herself together by Christmas morning. But she had to, she told herself. For Suro, she had to. It was her fault Kenji would grow up without a father. She had to do whatever it took to get him through this, even if it meant suppressing her own feelings until he and Sparkle could start at another school.

She raised her head and wiped at her tears, refusing to let herself be overtaken by grief or self-pity. "Be strong," she whispered to herself.

But then she blinked several times against her wet tears. Maybe her mind was unraveling because she could swear she saw a figure coming up the moonlit path.

Was he real? And if he was, was it merely one of the guards who swept the premises every night?

She walked out of the house in bare feet and without a coat. She didn't care about the cold night air. She had to make sure this wasn't Suro.

"Don't get your hopes up," she thought to herself even as she began running toward him.

But whoever it was stopped in his tracks when he saw her, which made her stop, too.

For a moment they stood there in the brisk cold of the Texas night, too far away to see each other clearly.

But then the figure opened his arms, and she knew. She knew!

She ran into Suro's arms, tears of happiness already spilling down her face by the time she crashed into him.

Later she would discover he'd dropped a cane in order to raise his arms to her like that. His knee had been smashed and he was also nursing a few broken ribs. His bruised face had taken many hits during his days of imprisonment in a Dominican Republic stronghold before he managed to kill the two guards interrogating him with his metal dinner plate. He eventually made his way through the Dominican crime lord's lair, quietly picking off the soldiers one by one, until he found the man he was looking for in bed with two prostitutes and shot him point blank in the face with one of the guns he'd taken off his captors.

But at that moment, when Suro kissed Lacey under the light of the moon, his entire arm wrapped around her neck as if he couldn't hold her tight enough, she would have never known.

"You're a little late," she said, laughing through her tears. "You told Alexei you'd be here by Christmas."

"Sorry," he answered. "I got held up. I also didn't have time to shop for Christmas gifts."

But she shook her head. "I don't care," she said. "You're the best gift I've ever gotten."

And for a very long time they stood there in the cold, exchanging kisses under the Christmas moon, giving each other the most perfect gift of all.

EPILOGUE

One Year Later

SURO stood with the girl who had him wrapped around his finger, looking out at Lake Michigan through the plate glass window of their Magnificent Mile penthouse condo. She was under a foot tall, and did little more than cry and poop, but he loved her more than he would have thought possible two years ago, when the thought of settling down again and having more children would have seemed like an inconceivable dream.

"See that big body of water?" he said to the drowsy baby. "That is Lake Michigan. Your mother never used to be able to see it at night, but now she can say oyasuminasai to it every night before we go to bed. That's Japanese for 'good night.'"

Gracie, who had never known a life outside their penthouse and would grow up with this luxurious view, didn't seem all that impressed.

"You can't make us go to bed," he heard Kenji say to his stepmother behind them in the living room. "We want to stay up until midnight."

"You don't have to go to sleep," Lacey-now Tasha-told them. "But you can't stay here."

"Can we go to the music room?" Sparkle asked.

"No," Tasha answered. "You promised your dad and me twenty-four hours music free. That's our Christmas gift."

"How about if we play really quietly?" Kenji asked.

"How about if you two get your butts upstairs like I told you to, before you end up with lumps of coal in your stockings instead of the gifts your dad and I got you?"

In the end, the two thirteen-year-olds, who Suro and Tasha had taken to calling "the twins" behind their backs due to their many similarities, negotiated Tasha down to a cup of hot chocolate and a few more pieces of her homemade peppermint bark before going to bed.

Though they hadn't been able to get Spidey included in on the deal.

Tasha took him upstairs while they drank their hot chocolate. "He's already hyper enough," she said of the boy they hoped to adopt soon. "He'll literally be climbing the walls if I give him candy before bed time."

She already had plans to enroll him in a gymnastics program in two years, after she was done with her own course work. She'd be starting as a full time student at the University of Chicago in January, and though she claimed she would miss her job at their strip club, Suro knew she was ecstatic to finally be able to finish the degree she'd been pursuing thirteen years ago when her life got turned upside down.

Suro decided to also put Gracie down while the twins were eating their bedtime bribe. Their little daughter must have known tomorrow would be a big day, her first Christmas, because she only gave a little whimper when he placed her in her crib.

As he came back down the stairs, he met Kenji and Sparkle, who'd chosen to keep the name she'd had most of her life, running up them.

"Good night," Sparkle said.

"Night, Dad," Kenji said.

"Gussuri oyasumi-Sleep well, kids," Suro answered.

He found Tasha waiting for him by their gigantic white Christmas tree.

She had protested when the delivery guys brought it in the day after Thanksgiving, but Suro had insisted. It was their first Christmas together as a family. Why not make it big?

Somehow the tree survived Spidey's many climbing attempts and looked nothing short of spectacular, especially with his beautiful wife standing underneath it.

"So I was thinking, we should put Sparkle's and Kenji's new mini grand digital pianos over there, and Gracie's gifts over here, and we might need half the tree for all of Spidey's gifts. Before you give me a lecture, I know I got him way too much stuff, but he's had a hard year and I think he deserves it."

Suro nodded in agreement. After they'd returned to Chicago, they'd expected a long, protracted fight to remove Spidey from his mother's care. But when they finally tracked them down to a small apartment on the North Side, they'd found Spidey severely malnourished and crying over the body of his mother, who'd apparently died of a heroin overdose.

Despite what Candy had done to her, Tasha wept bitterly for the former stripper. "We grew up in the same place," she'd told Suro. "If I hadn't had my dad growing up, that could have been me."

"I'll help you wrap," he told her now, and he got down on the floor, ignoring the flash of pain in his knee.

It still hurt on cold nights and sometimes when it rained, testifying to the damage done to it when he'd followed through with his arduous mission as opposed to seeking out medical help. But the pain was worth it. He might occasionally walk with a slight limp now, but he'd smiled more in the past year than he had in his entire life.

Speaking of which... "Before we start wrapping all of Spidey's presents, there's one gift I wanted to give you now."

He pulled a rectangle-shaped box from under the Christmas tree.

Tasha's smile lit up her whole face. Then she tore off the paper, and gasped when she saw what was inside. "Just when I think you've settled down into the role of family man."

She pulled the small, candy-cane-striped vibrator out of its box. "Now I have something to keep me company the next time you're out of town on business for Alexei."

"Why wait until then?" he asked. He stripped off her red robe and pulled her oversized t-shirt over her head, revealing the breasts he loved so much. "The kids are in their rooms, and the doctor has cleared you for sex. And you're sitting there naked. Let me warm you up."

She laughed as he covered her with his body. "And I thought last year's gift was perfect."

Suro smiled back, vowing to himself that before the night was over, she'd see how perfect a gift his love could be.

