Her wedding day. Supposedly the happiest day of her life, but all Asharra De Silve could think about was tearing the damn veil off of her head, stomping on the bouquet she held, and making a break for it right through the ornate doors of the chapel.

"Lady Asharra?" one of the attendants ventured in a nervous voice. The woman should be nervous. She was a distant cousin, one of the legions of family relying on Ash marrying today and getting the whole family out of the shit they'd gotten themselves into. Would have been nice if they'd asked her first rather than just frigging selling her to the highest bidder.

"Yes, Serazette?"

Ash clenched her jaw, grinding her teeth together with enough force to crack nuts. If she could have screamed she would have, but her crazy bloodlines ruled that one right out. A complex and convoluted race, the Fae were made up of many species. The Seelie and the Unseelie Courts partnered each other in a never ending, symbiotic dance. Some of Ash's blood, from her father, came from the shadows of the Midnight Host. They were the darkest part of the Unseelie Court, where some of the nightmares couldn't give voice to anything other than a whisper.

She turned in a rustle of silk to look at her bridesmaids. They were all tall and willowy, with the classic Sidhe beauty. Ash hid a bitter smile. They were all scared shit-less she might back out. If that happened then one of them was going up that aisle in her place, offered as a sacrifice at the wedding altar.

There was just one problem. Not one of them was a virgin, which ruled them out in the bride stakes. Lord Hunter, the groom, had imposed some fairly strict conditions in return for paying off her family's debts.

Namely the hand of a virgin faery princess in marriage.

"Are you okay, my Lady? Do you want me to fetch Lord De Silve?"

Ash felt a small smile spread across her face. As far as her family knew, she was the only one able to meet the conditions. Was being the operative word. She hadn't been a virgin since she was sixteen.

The smile became a smirk. After last night, she certainly wasn't a virgin. Determined to have her own private 'hen party' she'd snuck out, headed to the nearest Last Call bar and ordered a drink that attracted the hottest fae guy she'd ever seen. One night of smoking hot sex later and there was certainly no first, second or third left for her new husband to claim.

She didn't plan on telling her bridegroom that. What the arrogant bastard didn't know wasn't going to hurt him, and meanwhile she could savor her little rebellion. Use it to fortify her against the years until the old crony kicked the bucket. He was going to be a fossil, had to be. After all, he'd bought a virgin bride. Only an old sleaze incapable of getting a woman would do that, surely?

With her skills in illusion, and her newfound talent for acting, he'd never be able to tell the difference. His bride would blush prettily, be a bundle of nerves, and in the morning there would be blood on the sheets. Blood that was already concealed in the small vial within the heavy pendant nestled between her br**sts. Thank the Lady for trans-dimensional jewellery. She could have hidden the kitchen sink in there, and no one would be any the wiser.

"No, thank you. Leave me now. I wish for some time alone before the ceremony."

Her voice was soft, but there was no mistaking the fact it was an order. Unlike most brides, Ash had decided to walk down the aisle alone. No father, no family other than the bridesmaids trailing her like pathetic sheep. She didn't want her family to accompany her. Not after the bastards had sold her to save their own worthless hides. Her father would 'give' her away, even in a ceremonial sense, over her dead body.

Ash turned to look out the window as the women dutifully filed out. The view of the gardens below soothed her as she waited for the knock on the door telling her it was time.

She could do this. She had to do this. There was no way out. She had to marry Lord Hunter, Keeper of the Black Plains. A man not just older than she was but five hundred years older.

The door opened behind her.

"Isn't it bad enough I'm the damn virgin sacrifice? I thought I told you lot to go," Ash snapped, as tension and anger at her situation made her temper short and her voice sharp.

Gods, in her wedding dress she was stunning.

Deverell, Lord Hunter, leaned against the doorframe and studied his bride. He'd left her early this morning whilst she slept. Spread nak*d over the bed, the silken sheets highlighted rather than concealed her perfect curves. It had been the hardest thing he'd ever done. He'd had to do it though. If he stayed, he ran the risk of cracking and telling her everything.

If he did that, it would mean admitting he was the groom she was trying to deceive, and that he'd been deceiving her in return. He didn't want to do that, not just yet. He wanted to see the look of joy on her face when she walked down the aisle, and he was waiting for her rather than the grumpy old lord she was expecting.

Still, he hadn't been able to resist this one glance at her before the ceremony. As soon as she'd arrived the need to see her had built up until he couldn't bear it anymore. It wasn't done, and he wouldn't have acted on it had he not seen the women filing out of the small chamber set aside for the Bride and her party. Knowing Ash was alone had galvanised him into action. Before he'd made a conscious decision, he was pushing open the door.

"Didn't I tell you to g-"

When he didn't respond to the first soft order, Ash turned around. Anger flared in her eyes and crackled in the witching around her. She was gorgeous when she was mad, so sexy it made his heart stop, and after today-no, after last night-she was all his. The need to touch her, claim her again, roared through him. Dev strode forward as the look of anger on her face was replaced by one of shock.

"Dev? What the hell are you doing here?"

He didn't give her an answer. Instead, he caught her up in his arms and pinned her against the window behind her. He boosted her up a little. Her ass fit perfectly on the window ledge as the full skirts of her wedding gown billowed around them.

His lips crashed down on hers, demanding and taking as he ruthlessly prised her lips apart. Any finesse he possessed was gone, crushed under a tsunami of possessiveness and desire. He didn't care that outside the room, a whole congregation of people were waiting for them. He didn't care that she was in her wedding dress and he was crushing it as he parted her thighs to lodge his h*ps between hers. He didn't care that she didn't know her groom was already claiming her as his.

Again.

All that mattered was the heaven of her silken lips and soft mouth as he plundered them, and the lush curves he hauled up against his hard body. She was like a drug, an addiction he had no intention of fighting.

It all happened so fast. No sooner had Ash turned to berate whoever had decided to intrude on her last few moments of freedom, she recognized the tall form lounging in the doorway. It was a figure she'd know anywhere, even though this time yesterday she'd never seen him before in her life. After last night, every solid line of muscle, and look on his cruelly handsome face, were carefully locked away in her memory. That was last night, and this was today.

Her wedding day.

She tore her lips away from him. "No. Dev...we can't do this."

Without a pause, he started to kiss along her neck, seeking the spot behind and below her ear that made her squirm. His voice was a harsh rasp of need as he answered.

"Too late sweetheart, we are."

His hands pulled at her full skirts, seeking her legs. He sighed against her lips as his callused palms found her silk covered ankles and stroked upward. Fire and ice swept through Ash's body. She shouldn't be doing this, not with her groom waiting for her in the next room-

She groaned, a mingled sound of need and helplessness. She couldn't help herself as she started to respond to his brutal, claiming kiss. Even though she knew she shouldn't, that she should push him away and tell him last night was last night, she didn't. She couldn't.

His lips claimed hers in a torrid kiss and his tongue laved over her lower lip again, demanding access. She granted it, whimpering with need as his hot tongue twined around hers, and his hands journeyed further up her legs.

Her p**sy clenched hard. She was sore from his loving last night, but she still wanted more. No, wanted was the wrong word. She craved more of his touch, more of his hard body moving against hers-in hers-as he took her with a power and determination Ash had never experienced before, or expected to again.

Liquid heat escaped her feminine channel, soaking her silken thong. The scent of her arousal filled the small room, and Dev rumbled approval deep in his chest. His hands reached her thighs. She parted for him without thinking. A flush of arousal burnt her cheeks as his questing fingers stroked along her sensitive skin. They paused to explore the lace top of her stockings, but soon moved on again.

A fine tremble ran through her as he reached the juncture of her thighs and explored the edges of the tiny scrap of silk covering her. Her cl*t pulsed in anticipation, tightening to the point of pain. He had to touch her. She needed him to touch her. To do something to end this sensual torment.

"Ahhhhh..."

Ash broke the kiss and buried her face in his neck as he pushed the silk aside and swept underneath. She moaned, kissing his neck as his deft fingers found the hard nub of her clit.

"We don't have long sweet," he murmured even as he plied her body with soft circles and rubs around and against her needy flesh. "More than anything I want to make this last, but it's gonna have to be hard and fast."

She nodded. "Anything. However you want. Just now... Please!"

Her voice held a begging note, but she didn't care. She just needed him. He was like a drug. Somehow he'd gotten under her skin, and she needed him more than air itself.

Her words were accompanied by a heavy thrust of her hips. A silent demand that he stop messing about and get on with it. He chuckled as his fingers slid down and tested the entrance to her body. She knew what he'd find; she was slick and wet, more than ready for him.

"Bossy little thing, aren't you? Just remember who's in charge here."

She gasped, her back arching hard as he thrust two fingers into her p**sy. Her vision spiralled as lightening shot through her, tingling through every cell in her body. God, she was almost ready to come, and he wasn't even in her yet.

"Yeah. Me," she panted as she rode his fingers to wring out every last drop of sensation.

Triumph and arousal swirled through her in a heady combination as she looked deep into his eyes. This was her payback. Never mind last night, being screwed just before the ceremony was the ultimate revenge. Being taken in her wedding gown before she walked up the aisle as a virgin bride was sweet, sweet justice.

"Sure about that babe?"

He curled his fingers back and pressed at a new spot inside her. Her eyes rolled back in her head as fireworks obliterated her vision. Gods, the man knew what he was doing. He had to be one of her new husband's warriors. He certainly wasn't one of her father's. There was no way she'd have missed him.

Screw her original plan of being celibate after the ceremony, she was going to find him...

He pulled from her and she pouted, feeling the loss inside her keenly. Within a heartbeat, his fingers were replaced with the broad head of his c*ck pressing at the soaked entrance to her p**sy.

"Oh yes," she moaned, unable to hold in the tiny whimper of urgency as he impaled her on his thick shaft. Bracing one hand on the plaster of the window arch around them, she accepted every inch of him in one forceful thrust. This was what she needed, to feel him inside her again.

She bit her lip and paused that idea where it was. She didn't need him. Not him specifically, any c*ck would do. If she had to marry an old goat, one with warriors like this in his stable, then she was sure as hell going to enjoy her time as Lady Hunter. Maybe, when the fossil kicked the bucket, she might just marry the most attractive and youngest amongst them-provided he was good in the sack.

He didn't give her more time to think. Setting a heavy, fast rhythm, she pressed her lips into his shoulder to stifle her moans. He filled her to capacity and then some, his large hands beneath the silk at her h*ps as he slammed into her time and again. The groans that rumbled through his chest stroked her ego. He seemed as out of control as she was. As though he couldn't help himself.

"Gods, you're f**king gorgeous," he panted, leaning into her and spreading his legs a little more for support. "What spell have you cast over me?"

She couldn't answer, biting her lip as he surged into her, then rolled his h*ps and ground his pelvis against hers. Her cl*t throbbed as it was trapped between them. Her p**sy clenched hard around him in response. He gasped and drove his c*ck inside her again, holding still as his muscular body trembled.

"Mine," he growled against her neck. A quiver ran through her at the harsh, possessive tone before she recalled herself.

"No," she said, pulling his jaw around and looking him straight in the eye. "No one's. My own."

Dev heard the warning tone in her voice and smiled to himself at the display of independence. She could believe what she liked, but she was his and his alone. Her body came alive for him, reacted to his touch so sweetly and delightfully that she had to be made for him. Once they were done here, he was going to claim her in the eyes of the law and their society.

Then take her to bed again. For about a month.

Bringing his lips down on hers, he pushed into her again. He couldn't get enough of her and only the fact they had to go out there and face the wedding guests in a few minutes stopped him from stripping the silken gown from her body.

Pleasure coursed through him, building on itself until tension had his body so tight he thought his spine would snap. His buttocks were iron-hard as he plunged into her again and again, the grip of her body a warm, tight ride of pure sensation.

He rolled his h*ps again, rubbing his pelvis against her cl*t in a slow movement. She gasped and threw back her head, the veil surrounding her dark hair like a halo. Masculine pride filled him, along with a sense of the forbidden. Every man wanted to take his bride arrayed in her finery, drinking in the impression of innocence, but not many did. Certainly not before the wedding.

She bit her lip. Her p**sy clenched hard, and her soft pants told him she was on the edge. Gritting his teeth, he pressed into her again, harder and faster, until she stiffened and came. Pleasure coursed through him as her body tightened in the grip of her cli**x, the rhythmic movements milking his cock. A lesser man would have come there and then, but Dev held onto control. He didn't want to come, not yet. Control now would pay off later, when he finally got her into his bed as his wife.

"That's it babe, I love to feel you cum over my cock," he whispered encouragement as she rode him, keeping his h*ps going to prolong her cli**x. His hands smoothed down her spine and back up to her neck, where he tilted her head back to claim her lips again. She didn't fight him, opening easily at the first brush of his tongue, and Dev drank in the soft moans and pants of her pleasure.

She went where he led. Within seconds he knew he was in trouble. Her responses were so sweet and natural. The temptation to say 'screw it,' ignore the wedding guests and tumble her to the floor grew until it was almost overwhelming.

She shivered as he broke away. With infinite care he slipped from her, set her on her feet and started to smooth her gown down. Swaying slightly, she had the dazed, star-struck look of a woman who'd been thoroughly loved. Her lips were swollen from his kisses, her dress was creased, and her veil sat tilted on what had been an elegant up-do.

Crap. Despite the fact she'd been more than willing and the fierce sense of pride he felt knowing it was his hands, his kisses that had ruined her appearance, there was no way he was letting her go out there like this. He knew she hadn't been given a choice about marrying him, hence her alcohol-fuelled rebellion last night, and her family was well known to be a pit of vipers. If she went out looking as she did, vicious gossip and rumours would start before she'd taken the first step down the aisle.

It was less than a moment's concentration to reach into the witching and form the magic into a quick spell. Clean-up spells were literally child's play for a fae of Dev's power and prestige. He'd learnt them early on to avoid tidying his room, and to cover up the damage of boyhood scrapes.

Flicking his fingers he sent the magic swirling around her like a mini-whirlwind. It pulled at the fabric of her dress, smoothing the wrinkles before it tidied her hair and set the veil straight atop the restored hairstyle. A smile tugged at his lips as she staggered a little; her eyes widened in surprise at the quickness of the spell.

"Sorry, babe. I gotta go before they realize I'm missing."

He dropped a quick, hard kiss on her lips and headed for the door. He resisted the urge to look over his shoulder. He had to haul ass if he wanted to get back to the altar before she started her walk up the aisle. If he looked at her again though, they weren't going to be leaving the room for a while.

He did, however, pause at the door and turn his head slightly to speak.

"Asharra? You look stunning."

Ash took a deep breath as Dev disappeared out of the door. Her lips trembled as she picked up her abandoned bouquet and smoothed out some of the creased petals. Tears pricked like red-hot needles at the back of her eyes. All she wanted to do was forget about this wedding crap, call him back, and see where what they had led.

She might want it, but that didn't mean it was going to happen. Not in this lifetime anyway.

Taking a deep breath, she calmed herself down, and called a little of her own magic to ease any sign of tears from her face. She could walk out at any time, but that would mean consigning her family to their collective fate. If they'd been human, with only the human consequences of owing money, bankruptcy and court, she would have. But the De Silve's were Fae through and through. In their world, when a lender talked about a 'pound of flesh' they meant it. Literally.

Hate them as she did, she still couldn't do that to them.

A deep sigh escaping her lips, she forced some steel into her backbone and walked to the door. She would do this...marry Lord Hunter, and become the epitome of a Fae Lady: coldly unapproachable, tough as nails, and as brutal as her Sidhe ancestors.

With her back straight and her face pleasantly impassive, she pushed the door open and walked into the church. Screw waiting for the knock, she was doing this on her terms and at no one's beck and call.

"Lady Asharra!" Serazette protested as the rest of the bridesmaid scurried to form up behind her. "They're not ready for you."

Ash delivered a withering look, somehow managing to look down her nose at the taller woman. She hated the Fae, every last frigging one of them. If she could, she'd disown every drop of Fae blood in her own body and join the Host like her Slaugh grandmother.

"Tough shit. I am ready."

With that, she brushed past the bridesmaid and headed for the open door to the church. She was two steps through the door before the gathered guests, not expecting her just yet, started to murmur. A slight smirk crossed her lips as a yelp emanated from the organist's box. The church filled with music as the first few bars of the wedding march were rushed through at breakneck speed. Teach him to be napping on the job.

The guests rose to their feet hurriedly. Ash ignored the whispering as she fixed her gaze on the stained-glass window above the altar and kept on walking. Grace...beauty...she reminded herself, even though rage and despair rolled through her in equal amounts. Her gaze followed the ornate patterns in the glass.

Like all Fae handiwork, even the designs held power, the witching coiling like a mist across the glass, giving the designs light and colour despite the darkness of night outside. Concentrating, she drew comfort and solace from them.

Her steps brought her closer to the altar. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see the figures standing there, but she refused to look until she absolutely had to. Odd though, her bridegroom was taller than she'd thought, and his general size more youthful than she'd expected from a man so old.

Running out of aisle, she was forced to stop. The priestess of the Great Mother smiled down at her benevolently. Ash returned her smile tightly. She didn't want to be here, every cell in her body screamed for her to drop the bouquet, lift up her skirt and run back down the aisle.

She didn't. With a deep sigh of regret, she bid her freedom goodbye and turned to face her groom. Her eyes widened in recognition as shock thrummed through her body.

"You!"

Deverell stood in front of her, an arrogant, smug smile across his handsome face. A smile she instantly wanted to slap off. Ash wasn't a genius, but neither was she slow. The pieces all slotted into place in her head with a click and her eyes narrowed. Anger throbbed through her body like an aneurysm about to rupture.

"You!"

"Yeah, doll. You said that." His grin grew wider, as though he found the whole situation highly amusing. Ash actually lifted a hand, the urge to wipe the grin off his face almost too much. "I know I'm good looking and all, but I didn't expect to make you repeat yourself. Although," he leaned closer to whisper in her ear. "You can repeat 'Oh Gods, Dev, yes!' all you'd like later."

Ash froze as surely as if someone had poured a bucket of ice-cold water down her spine. He'd lied to her, or rather hadn't told her the truth even when he'd known who she was. Known she was worried about the wedding today.

Bastard.

Cold, hard as nails, perfect Fae Lady, she reminded herself. Pulling back just enough to look him in his sexy-as-hell green eyes, she smiled. She'd been told she had a pretty smile, when she chose. This was not one of those times.

Instead, she reached inside herself and sought the darkness in her blood, the darkness that circled through her veins and stole her ability to scream. Releasing her hold on it, she let it fill her eyes and power the smile.

"I don't think so, My Lord. Do you?"

She was pissed. The realization took Dev back a little. Contrary little madam. He'd thought she'd be glad she was marrying him, not the old fossil she'd thought she was being shackled to. Where was the delighted, happy little sprite he'd expected to see? Not only expected to see, but expected to be thanking him profusely for saving her from a fate worse than death, preferably showing that gratitude later in their bedchamber.

"Are we ready to begin?" The Priestess in front of them asked, all benign happiness, as she gazed down on the 'happy couple' totally oblivious to the fact the groom was perplexed and the bride looked ready to lynch anyone who argued with her. He'd seen it before with his father's second-or was it third?-wife. It started with sharp looks, and before you knew it, it was all pitchforks and burning torches.

"Yeah, might as well get on with it. Not like I've got anything better to do."

Ash yawned and studied her nails. Dev gritted his teeth and ignored the urge to shake her. What the f**k was wrong with her? Couldn't she see what an honor he was doing her?

"Ahh...yes. Um, okay."

The priestess's smile wavered in the face of the sarcastic comment, but she quickly recovered, the panicked look in her eyes fading once more into the benign joy that was beginning to bug the crap out of him. Not for the first time he wondered whether the Great Mother's priestesses were on something, or smoked something. They were into all the herbal stuff, and there were some weird-ass herbs out there.

The priestess raised her hands in welcome, looking out over the congregation. "My lords, ladies and...err...gentlemen." Dev sighed as she caught sight of his father, standing to his right. True to form, Lord Archer had ignored 'acceptable behavior in company' and gone right through to 'the best way to embarrass every member of my immediate family.'

Currently he was making a crude gesture with his tongue at the Rubenesque priestess. Which was bad enough. What was worse was that he'd acquired a tongue piercing since Dev had seen him two days ago. Something which did not make him look hip, happening, or in the least cool. It just made him look more of a pervert than he already was. He sighed and turned back toward Ash. Her back was rigid, and her lips pursed in displeasure.

Wonderful. Between the snow queen and Casanova, this was going to be a great wedding.

Things didn't get better for Dev. The ceremony went off without a hitch, if you discounted the fact the priestess was blushing so much her face resembled a lobster, and his bride looked ready to commit murder. Her vows had been said in a tight, clipped voice, and when he'd gone in for the traditional kiss the look on her face would have rivalled Medusa's. Who, as Dev recalled, had been a very nice lady indeed. Just a bit sensitive about her hair.

They posed for the photos in a stony silence that took him aback. And to think he'd been worried about being driven mad by the inane chattering of his Fae bride, he mused as he eyed up the gaggle of gossiping blondes stood off to one side as they waited their turn in the spotlight of the photographer's camera. All Sidhe, and the sort of blonde bimbo that proved the race was way too interbred.

His gaze slid to his petite, curvy bride. She wasn't Sidhe, that much was obvious. He'd known that as soon as he'd seen her last night. For one thing, there was way too much power surging through her veins. Quite what she was he didn't know, and that piqued his interest.

"You take after your father, don't you?" he asked as the photographer positioned them for yet another photo. Dev glared at him when his hand lingered longer around Ash's slender waist than was proper. It was the sort of look that plainly said 'try that again buddy, and I'll take it off at the wrist.'

It was no false show of male bravado either. Although he counted himself as-no, prided himself on being a new man-Dev was quickly finding out that his instincts regarding Ash were not only archaic, they were downright Draconian.

She finally favored him with a look. Since she'd managed the rest of the ceremony and most of the photos without looking at or speaking to him, he counted it as a minor victory. Even if her brown eyes lacked the warmth of earlier, and were instead filled with enough ice to freeze his ass at a hundred paces.

"No. I take after my grandmother."

Dev smiled with genuine pleasure at the crack in her ice-queen facade. Sharing personal information like that was a good start. He scanned the guests around them, trying to spot a lady who was likely to be her grandmother.

"Is she here? I'd like to congratulate her on her beautiful granddaughter."

Try as she might to maintain the ice queen manner, Ash couldn't. Her lips quirked of their own accord as her handsome groom looked around hopefully, as if he expected to see her grandmother mingling with the guests.

Just the thought of Babsheba mingling with the wedding guests had a chuckle of amusement just waiting to escape. The only time her grandmother would circulate would be if she could grab an arm or leg as a snack. Not for the first time, sadness welled up and obliterated her amusement. Her grandmother had been absorbed into the Host two years before, and Ash missed her terribly. If Babsheba had been here today then her family, not even her father, would have dared sell her off to pay their debts.

"She...isn't with us anymore."

He slid a sideways look toward her, and reached out for her hand. Even though she'd hardened her heart against him, after all he'd lied to her about who he was, she couldn't resist that small gesture of comfort.

She opened her mouth to thank him, but didn't manage to get the words out before a familiar figure stepped into her line of sight. Even though she tried to control the reaction, her body instantly stiffened as her father stopped in front of them.

His ice-blue gaze flicked over them both. The familiar hint of contempt was in them as he looked her over, but warmed considerably as they reached Deverell.

"Good show, old chap." He thrust a pudgy hand in Dev's direction for a handshake. "Welcome to the family and all that. Damn glad you came along. We were worried we'd never get her married off. Thought she was batting for the other team at one point."

Her father's harsh words didn't surprise her, and Ash was far too used to being the butt of her parent's jokes for it to sting too much. Usually her family allowed it. Pack mentality, which ensured that they all turned on the 'runt.' What did surprise her, though, was Dev's reaction.

He shook her father's hand firmly, with a decidedly masculine shake, but then didn't let go. Instead, he leaned in, power coiling around him and sending the witching into a frenzy. For an instant, she caught sight of his dragon armour as his anger cast scales over his skin.

"If you ever attempt to embarrass my wife like that again, De Silve, I'll drag you through so much shit your family will be a laughing stock for years," he promised in a cold, clipped voice. "Never forget I hold you and yours in the palm of my hand. Especially as you modified our original agreement."

Her jaw dropped open, surprise running rampant through her veins, as her father went beet-red. Dev growled, an honest to goodness growl, as his hand all but crushed the older man's.

"Well?"

De Silve looked at her, his eyes full of resentment and humiliation. "Lady Hunter, I beg your apologies, my comments were out of line."

She didn't know what to say. Not once in her entire life had her father apologized to her. She'd long ago developed a thick skin to cope with his and her mother's caustic comments, which meant she had no defence against his apology. The floor underneath her feet yawed under her, and her heart pounded in her chest. Everyone was looking at her...

Dev's hand squeezed around hers again; a gesture of support from a surprising ally. She treated her father to a cool look and inclined her head graciously.

"Apology accepted." She thought about adding 'Lord De Silve' to the end, to further emphasise, as he had, that she was no longer part of his family. A moment's debate later and she realized she couldn't do it. Despite the fact she disliked him intensely, he was still her father, and it wasn't in her nature to cause pain intentionally.

Her father didn't hang around to chat. Not that she'd been expecting him to, not after Dev had shown him up and threatened him like that. If his attitude and greeting were anything to go by, her father obviously wanted to brush the uncomfortable truth that he'd sold his daughter to pay off the family debts under the carpet.

Of course, there were two sides to every story. Her father had sold her, yes, but Dev had also bought her. Had they haggled over the price, each trying to get the best deal? Just the thought made her want to kick her handsome groom. She turned to him and stalled. For some stupid reason, despite what they'd done earlier just yards from their guests, she felt shy talking to him.

"Thank you." She finally settled on, shifting a closer to him to avoid the guests around them. "You didn't have to do that."

He still had hold of her hand, his thumb stroking idly over the back. His green-eyed gaze caught hers, and instead of the arrogance she'd seen earlier, she saw only understanding and support. Then it hit her. He was arrogant when he was unsure, or maybe nervous. Offering a small smile, she squeezed back. Although the idea of Dev being nervous was almost ludicrous, she was sure she was right.

"You're welcome. And I did. You're my wife now, Ash, and anyone who upsets you has me to deal with." He smiled, which made her heart do a little flip-flop in her chest, and nodded to his father. Lord Hunter Sr. was currently ogling the deep cl**vage of a female guest so closely Ash was surprised he didn't fall into it nose first.

"I know what family can be like. Mind you..." His voice was low as he pulled her into his arms.

A thrill of awareness shot through her and her determination to be the perfect ice queen disappeared as though it had never been.

"Since he made the deal that brought you to me, I can forgive him a lot."

She froze, her world turning on its axis for the second time that night.

"Wait. What? You didn't demand a perfect faery princess?"

His expression was unreadable as he looked down at her. His arms tightened around her waist, pulling her snugly against his solid body. She let him. Despite all her anger and bravado earlier, being held by him felt good. Her body warmed and softened as need and its twin, longing, threaded through her veins and reminded her that they were married.

"No, I didn't. I didn't even demand a virgin sacrifice."

Color hit her cheeks in a tidal wave. So he'd heard that scathing comment.

"In fact, I didn't demand anything. I didn't even want to get married. Not two weeks ago, anyway."

A gasp of disbelief escaped her lips before she could stop it. First off, he demanded a virgin princess-well, someone had at least-and now he was telling her he hadn't wanted to get married. Her fingers closed into a death grip on the handle of her bouquet as the temptation to shove it where the sun didn't shine almost overwhelmed her.

"That's it, darlings! Just hold it there. Perfect shot, perfect shot! That's it, glower for me sweetheart. You look so sexy like that."

The photographer, forgotten when he'd bustled off to snap the giggling bridesmaids, made an unwelcome reappearance, camera in hand and already clicking away. Not taking her eyes off her bridegroom, her body tight with tension, Ash turned her head slightly to address the photographer.

"Unless you take that camera and go get click happy somewhere else," she ground out. "I will-and this is a promise, not a threat-go Fae bridezilla on your ass. Do I make myself clear?"

Reacting to her anger, the witching coiled around her. It whispered across every inch of exposed skin and lifted the loose strands of her hair into a tumultuous display. Dev chuckled as the photographer muttered his apologies and beat a hasty retreat.

"Remind me not to piss you off," he said in a soft, warm voice that made her think of long summer afternoons in a hammock together.

She narrowed her eyes at him, but her anger was already abating, the witching-driven storm dissipating as though it had never been.

"You already pissed me off," she pointed out as he drew her aside into a small alcove. With an indulgent smile, the few guests in their way parted to allow the happy couple some privacy.

"They don't know, do they?"

She peeked around his broad shoulder at the crowded room. If she didn't know better, she'd swear that this was a normal wedding. One where the bride and groom had met, perhaps at work, or someplace else, had fallen in love, and decided to marry. A celebration that was a sign of a commitment born of emotion, not financial necessity and contract.

Without realizing it, she had her hand on his upper arm, her fingers curled around the solid strength there. Under the fine fabric of his suit, she knew he was all hard muscle and satin skin. Goddess, help her, just the idea turned her on. As if on cue, her mind replayed their little tryst earlier and the images that had haunted her since last night.

He shifted, effectively blocking her view of the world beyond him and creating their own little world in the shadowed alcove. To his credit, he didn't play the dumb male and pretend not to know what she meant.

"No. They don't know." He moved closer and ran a finger down her cheek in a gentle movement.

The barely there touch sent shivers through her, right down to her toes, shod in delicate ivory satin sandals.

"I wanted...I didn't want you to have to deal with that. Not today."

Another subtle movement and he had her cornered, the warmth of his hard body in front of her and the coolness of the wall behind her. The fragrance of the lilies in the floral arrangement almost covering the entrance of the alcove wove their magic, coiling around her and seducing her sense of smell. Under the heady scent, she could his smell his aftershave and the earthy smell underneath that was purely Deverell.

Tilting her head back, she looked him in the eye. "What do you mean, not today?"

He smiled, a devastatingly slow and sexy expression that caused her heart to stutter in her chest. He couldn't look at her that way and not feel anything, surely?

"No bride should contend with malicious gossip and rumour on her wedding day. Even if this had been a true marriage of convenience, I wanted you to have this one day at least. Doesn't every woman want to be a princess on her big day?"

She just nodded, unable to speak. His perception and the thought behind his words startled her. She'd had him pegged as the typical, arrogant fae lord. An impression that had only been reinforced by his actions earlier.

He cupped the nape of her neck. The calluses on his palm, another indication he was anything but the idle fae lord he appeared, rasped against the soft skin.

"Asharra. I'm sorry I lied to you. I thought you'd be relieved to see me at the altar. Let me make it up to you, sweetheart. Let's start again. "

He leaned down and brushed his lips over hers. The simple gesture, more a proto-kiss than an actual kiss, was innocent and not. In a touch, he begged forgiveness and offered a new beginning. Ash could resist all the pretty words in the world, but the simple truth in his kiss undid her.

Tilting her head, she kissed him back. Her lips softened under his and clung. He rumbled deep in his throat, a sound of approval. She squeaked as he bent and scooped her up in his arms as though she weighed nothing. Lifting his head, he looked down at her. His heavy-lidded slumberous look promised all sorts of sensual delights for the night ahead, and a lifetime of devotion.

"Say the word, Lady Hunter, and we're out of here."

Ash smiled, wrapped her arms around his broad shoulders and treated him to a hot look from under her lashes. "I thought you'd never ask. Take me home, Lord Hunter. Take me to bed."

His smile was instant. Heat flared in his eyes as he carried her out of the alcove and toward the door.

The rest of the world fell away as they left the reception. A few catcalls made it through the romantic haze surrounding her, but all her attention was focused on Dev. Settled in his strong arms, she looped her own around his neck and trailed butterfly kisses along his shadowed jaw. She couldn't stop touching him, couldn't believe that he was all hers and that they were married.

When she'd first seen him before the ceremony, for an instant she'd been convinced he'd come to whisk her away from the hell her life had become. Hope had flared before reality had crashed back down on her and reminded her of the trap she was caught in. Everything had worked out better than she could have imagined.

"Princess," he warned as they stepped into the lift. "You need to stop that, or we won't make it to the bridal suite."

Ash giggled, feeling light-headed with both relief and the sexual tension that stretched out between them. Ignoring his order, she leaned in and nipped his earlobe lightly. He growled again, another warning. She sucked it into her mouth to ease the tiny hurt, flicking her tongue back and forth across the silver earring he wore.

Baiting him like this was dangerous, but she didn't care. She'd already tasted the ferocity of his passion and wanted more. She wanted to make him lose control and revel in the result. Giggling at yet another warning rumble from his broad chest, she flicked the earring again.

She wasn't prepared for his reaction. Without warning he turned, dropped one of her legs and pressed her up against the back wall of the lift. She squeaked in surprise as his mouth crashed down on hers, the sound lost under the sensual attack. With a ruthless sweep of his tongue, he parted her lips and drove within. Thrills surged unchecked through her veins, like speedway cars looking for victory. Heat blossomed between her legs as he ground his pelvis against her, the engorged length of his c*ck pressed where she needed it most.

He twined his tongue with hers, a silent demand for surrender as he covered her smaller body with his own. Pressed between the wall and his solid mass, she had no choice or chance of escape. Not that she wanted any. With a small moan she wrapped herself around him, lifting her leg to hook her ankle around the back of his h*ps and pull him hard against her.

He groaned low in his throat and tore his lips away. He didn't go far. His lips traced a line of fiery kisses along her jaw, and, as she tilted her head, along her neck.

"Gods, you're so sexy. I want you...want to push this pretty dress up-"

Even as he spoke, he was suiting action to words. His hand was under her satin hem, the fabric bunched around his wrist as he stroked along her thigh.

She chuckled, a breathless sound that gave away just how much he affected her. "You did that earlier. I'm going to start thinking you have a fetish about bridal wear."

He nipped her ear in retaliation for her teasing. She gasped as the tiny pleasure-pain drew a line from her ear right down her body. Her n**ples, already beaded under her heavily embroidered bodice, throbbed. Sensual images filled her mind; Dev pushing the thin straps off her shoulders to roll the bodice down, tucking the cups of her bra back...leaning down, his hair black against the creaminess of her skin as he took a rose-tinted nipple into his mout-

"Hey! Cut that out!" she gasped, the mental images he was feeding her enough to make her almost come there and then.

"I don't have a fetish about bridal wear. I just have a fetish about you." His breath was hot against her ear, a strained note in his voice that told her he was riding the edge of his control. "I need you, Ash. Need to be inside you, my c*ck filling your tight little cunt over and over again until you scream my name."

Trying to conceal the heat and wickedness that filled her, she pursed her lips as the door behind them pinged their arrival. Instantly he released her, her skirts falling down around her as he set her back on her feet.

"I'm afraid you'll have to wait a while," she informed him over her shoulder as she walked out of the lift. "A lady needs time to...ah, powder her nose. Perhaps take a shower and a little nap-"

The look on his face warned her an instant before he started after her. Squealing in delight, she grabbed handfuls of satin and made a run for it. There was nothing a Fae warrior liked more than to chase down his prey, she knew that from watching her father's warriors.

Smaller and faster, she darted out of the lift and into the room beyond. As she stepped through the lift doors she felt the small shiver that indicated she'd stepped through a portal. Thanks to the magic available to the Fae, the church, the reception hall and Dev's home were all within steps of each other. The room she barrelled into was huge, and very masculine in flavor. Dev's room, it had to be.

She didn't get a chance for more than a quick look around, noting the huge bed covered in black silk sheets, before he caught her. With a laugh of triumph, he scooped her up and carried her to the bed in long strides. Pausing at the foot of the large expanse, he claimed her lips in a long, passion-filled kiss. When he lifted his head, they were both having trouble breathing.

"Lady Hunter, I do believe you are overdressed. Pretty as your dress is, I'd rather see you out of it," he whispered against her lips. Releasing her legs, he slid her down the length of his muscled, and very aroused, body."Turn around, princess."

Heart hammering in her chest, and the heat low in the center of her body hot enough to rival the sun, Ash did as he bid. Despite their size, his hands were gentle and precise as he undid the multitude of buttons. The gown parted, and a shiver ran through her as the cool air hit her back. Then he was done, sliding the straps off her shoulders to let the gown slid down her arms, past her h*ps and to the floor.

"Beautiful," he whispered reverently, his hands smoothing down her arms to take her hands and help her step from the billowing pile of satin.

Feeling shy for some bizarre reason, she turned a circle for him, showing off her slender body encased in the white satin lingerie she'd chosen for a husband she didn't, hadn't, wanted. She was still female, and vain enough to want to look her best on her wedding night. The original intention had been to look so sexy and alluring that, if she was lucky, the old codger kicked the bucket there and then. If he didn't, then she'd wanted to give him a wedding night he'd never forget, and then never let him touch her again.

She looked at him anxiously, watching his face for any sign of reaction. Sure, she knew he found her attractive...he'd proved that earlier when he'd taken her before the ceremony. But was it the sort of attraction that could blossom into something more?

Reverence claimed his expression, the look in his eyes stunned as he viewed her in her finery for the first time. Her high, pert br**sts were encased in embroidered satin, the cups moulding and pushing the twin globes together to form a deep cl**vage. She wore high cut, thong panties and lace topped stockings that were no more substantial than a wisp of mist. The whole ensemble was designed to give any red-blooded man an instant hard-on.

She looked down. She already knew he was aroused, had felt the length and breadth of him pressed against her in the lift. Even so, the tenting at the crotch of his pants made her blush. He was big, very big. And, God help her, all she could think about was that hard c*ck filling her again.

He slid a gentle finger under her chin and lifted her chin so she had to look him in the eye. Tenderness warred with primal need. "That fetish? I think it just became a lifelong obsession...with getting you out of your clothes. Don't worry, I'll be gentle."

She bit back a snort of amusement and looped a finger in the front of his pants. Dragging him too her, she lifted on her tiptoes to claim his lips in a quick, torrid kiss.

"I don't want you to be gentle." Her words were whispered against his lips as she backed up toward the bed. A hot look in her eyes, she carried on, turning her back and crawling onto the silken sheets in the most sensual manner she could muster. Halfway she looked over her shoulder again, to find he'd shed his clothes and was watching her with hot, predatory interest.

Her heart caught in her chest at the sight of him; all hard, toned muscle, with his c*ck standing proudly out from his stomach like an iron bar. She caressed his length with her eyes, and licked her lips. She couldn't wait to get him inside her. At the mere thought, her body hummed and the savage ache between her thighs increased.

"Gods Ash, don't look at me like that," he begged, following her across the bed. Reaching out he grabbed her ankle and dragged her until she was under him.

"Why not?"

She smiled up at him, her hands smoothing over his heavily muscled arms. Her hair billowed out around her on the bed, a snarled mess she ignored. All that mattered was the need swirling through her body.

"You know why, you little witch," he groaned, and took her lips in another kiss. This one wasn't gentle or kind. Instead it broadcast his need to dominate and claim. She whimpered, the sound lost into his mouth as he moved over her.

His knee slid between hers, pushing her thighs apart. She didn't resist, a tiny sound of eagerness in the back of her throat. Her p**sy clenched as his hand flirted with the side of her hip, fingertips playing with the silken ties on the sides of her panties.

Then he stopped playing, stripping the panties from her in brutal, economical movements. She gasped as his hand was there, parting her lips before he plunged two fingers deep into her p**sy.

"God, you're wet already. Princess, you're gonna be the death of me," he whispered against her lips. His big body trembled above hers, as though he was holding onto control by a thread. "I'm sorry, love, I don't think...this is gonna be fast. We'll go slow next time, I promise."

"Dev? It's okay... Just do it. Hard and fast, however you want." Her voice was breathless, a husky note in it she'd never heard from her own lips before. "Just...now. Please!"

The look on his face was primal, verging on feral as he unclipped the jewelled clasp at her cl**vage and freed her br**sts. His warm mouth latched onto one swollen nipple sending a surge of liquid heat through her body right to her aching p**sy.

"Dev..." she begged, her fingers driving through his hair to hold him to her. The contrast of his dark hair against her pale skin was maddeningly erotic. He flicked her nipple with his hot tongue and lifted his head. Ash sucked in a breath at the look in his eyes. Something deep inside told her that earlier, in the antechamber, had been merely a prelude to this...to here and now.

"Arms above your head, hold on." His growl was one of warning as he used a hair-roughened knee to part her thighs earlier. "I'm going to make you come screaming my name."

She didn't get time to argue. Hell, she didn't even get time to take a breath. Within a heartbeat the thick head of his c*ck was pressed hard against the arousal-slicked entrance to her body. Above her, his nostrils flared and the darkness in his green eyes deepened as he registered the wet heat that welcomed him.

He pushed, her body gave and he slipped half an inch inside her. Sensation cascaded through her as her p**sy stretched to accommodate him; a slight burning, pleasure-pain she couldn't get enough of. Biting her lip, she arched her back and pressed her nak*d br**sts against his chest. She rolled her h*ps in invitation, tempting him to slide deeper.

He didn't need to be asked twice. A deep rumble that could have been a growl or a groan of need filled his chest as he pulled back and shoved into her again, pushing a little deeper. With a power bordering on desperation, he worked his way into her in short, sharp movements. He gathered her closer, one arm sliding under her neck as his free hand gathered her thigh over his hip.

She caught her breath as he took her. Fucked her with long powerful strokes that hit every nerve ending in her quivering sheath. His c*ck filled her to the brim, the broad head kissing the entrance to her womb on every stroke, even as he rolled his h*ps to grind his pelvis against her sensitive clit.

Even though he'd taken her earlier, and she'd come harder that she could remember, she felt the familiar tension building within her. Her body ached. Her skin felt too tight, too hot. She needed him, needed all of him. Now.

"Dev...more. Oh god, please, more," she panted, matching the roll of her h*ps to his and wrapping her legs around his lean waist.

He grunted, obviously beyond talking now, and increased the power behind his movements. Each thrust slammed his c*ck deep into her cunt, time and time again until she was ready to explode. She panted, clinging to his powerful body and gave herself up to the pleasure.

A shudder hit her, the first sign of her impending cli**x. Rather than the slow and pleasurable build-up she was used to, her body went from turned-on to panting and trembling within seconds. As though she'd gone from looking at the peak ahead of her and in the blink of an eye she was there, at the peak, ready to fall from it into the abyss below.

"That's it baby, I'm right here. Come with me...now and forever," he whispered roughly against her neck. The soft words, and the tenderness in his rough voice, tumbled her over the edge.

With a soft cry she gave herself up to the pleasure that rolled through her. Dev stiffened above her, a hoarse cry escaping his lips. The chords in his neck stood out as, with a last hard thrust, he buried himself deep within her. His c*ck jerked and pulsed, bathing the neck of her womb in his white-hot seed. Murmuring in pleasure, she rocked her h*ps to prolong the waves of ecstasy that rolled between them.

Groaning, he finally collapsed over her, bracing himself on strong forearms so he didn't crush her. Ash didn't care. She felt boneless, replete and contented, happy and loved as her new husband rolled with her in his arms, finally slipping from her to enfold her into his embrace.

With a sigh, she settled against his broad chest and contemplated her day. From a day she was dreading, it had turned out to be the best day of her life. She smiled as her eyes drifted shut, a faery princess content with her own fairytale ending.

~ End ~

