Practically snarling at the perky little blond legal assistant with the bouncing ponytail who led her through the office, Valerie Gordon tried with all her might not to scowl at all of the rich, beautiful people around her. Knowing the only reason she'd landed the internship at Princeton, Paulson and Chesterfield rested on her incredible grades and not her ability to fit in with the plastic and high maintenance around her. She'd been grateful just to have the job and the measly pay that covered her rent.

Of course, there was also the experience to consider. To be a fresh community college grad working for what was arguably the top corporate law firm in the country proved great filler on a resume in the future, opening up better opportunities.

Now, though, she carried her things in one large box and followed Jennifer to the elevator and up to the fourth floor, clenching her teeth as she considered just what was in store for her.

She felt incredibly insecure surrounded by all these Barbie types who had, reversely, been hired more for beauty than brains. Granted, she wasn't fat per se, but against the toothpicks in the miniskirts, her curves stuck out like fat rolls. Bitterly, she shook her head, thinking if she could only afford a personal trainer, she might stand half a chance at finding the motivation to get into shape. Just maybe.

But most of all, she resented being transferred. She'd been comfortable and doing an excellent job updating and filing reports for Charles Princeton, Senior Partner. Apparently, though, he was pawning off her services to three junior partners who were coming on board - two nephews and a son, if she'd heard correctly.

What absolute bullshit!

She'd heard Mr. Princeton talk about his son - the 'worthless sack of shit living off Daddy's money' and the 'rebel without a cause'. Jennifer had whispered to her on the elevator with some explanation.

"Tyler is a trust fund baby, which means his entire future is already in a bank account. But his father has conditions on its availability to Tyler, like his having to join the firm and what not. Anyway, he and his cousins, Sean and Aaron, are all going to need help learning their way around. Mr. Princeton saw what you can do and has enough faith in you to trust you to keep all three of them in line."

Valerie didn't so much care for the derisive snort at the end of the statement, although she couldn't really argue with the fact that she didn't feel qualified to babysit three grown men who had to be forced to work for their own family. How much more cushy could a job get? And with what she knew they'd be paid...if asked, she might lick Mr. Princeton's toes daily for that kind of salary.

A thought that made her wrinkle her nose and gag a little. Sure, she'd been lacking a little in the sex department for awhile, but she could never use sex to get what she wanted.

Finally left alone, she set her things back up on her desk, glancing around at the large open lobby around, the file room to her right, and the three doors with freshly added nametags for Tyler Princeton, Sean McCreary, and Aaron McCreary. She eyed her chair and didn't like the angle of it, nor the thin padding on the seat. Rolling it toward the file room, she switched it for the more cushioned ergonomic chair left there.

"Everything alright?" She jumped at the unfamiliar voice as she tested out the new seat and looked up into devastating blue eyes, that bright crystalline blue of a white sand beach where you could see your toes even when you were in over your head.

Of course, the eyes were just the beginning of it, and she knew she was gaping at the perfect, patrician nose, high sharp cheekbones, angular jaw line, and shaggy blond hair curling down to his shoulders. The expertly tailored dress pants and button down fit every line of his body, and the motorcycle helmet in his hand both explained the mess of hair and made Valerie want to salivate.

When she realized he was still waiting for her answer, she blushed and looked away.

"I'm fine," she responded, clipping her words short unintentionally. Drawn out of her spell, Valerie easily put two and two together. Tyler looked a hell of a lot like his father.

Only much younger. And infinitely sexier.

Even with the unfriendly tone she'd used, he stepped up to her desk and held out a hand introducing himself. "I'm Tyler Princeton. I guess you're the intern Dad brought up for me?"

She nodded, still not meeting his gaze. "I'll be helping you and your cousins...the McCreary's settle in." She lowered her voice feeling self-conscious as she realized that he was watching her mouth intently. "Your office is there..." She indicated the one behind her on her right "...and if you like, you can settle in and I'll bring you some coffee."

He shook his head. "It's okay, I'll get it myself." He didn't move, still staring down at her, and Valerie felt this strange sensation, as if she was being undressed right here and now. "Would you like to tell me your name?"

Again she blushed and met his gaze meekly, her nether regions burning and wishing that, just once, she had a chance in hell with someone like him.

"Valerie Gordon. Nice to meet you."

"The pleasure's mine," he said with a wink and perhaps the most sensual half-smile she'd ever seen. God, she hoped his cousins weren't anywhere near as pretty, or she'd have to just quit. It would be hard enough maintaining professionalism with Tyler, much less two other Abercrombie-model types.

She gave him the best toothless smile she could muster, afraid she might still have a piece of her morning muffin stuck in her teeth. "Are you sure you don't want me to get you some coffee?"

He chuckled. "Listen, I'm sure the other two are going to have you running circles to get them coffee and teach them how to do the job. I don't need anyone playing fetch for me, and I'm really just here for the view." He winked and walked past her toward his new office.

A little bewildered at his attitude, Valerie didn't know whether she was flattered or offended. His statement had both insulted and complimented her in a very suave, blase sort of way. How did one respond to such an attitude?

Deciding she liked the view as well, but didn't necessarily care too much for Tyler, she went about her business, making her new desk comfortable for her and logging back into the system on this computer, which, thankfully, connected to a much larger screen.

She tried to introduce herself when Sean and Aaron came in, but they just walked right past her as if she wasn't even there, deep in an insulting conversation about someone they had apparently gone to school with. Frowning at the lack of acknowledgement, Valerie turned back to her computer and kept entering notes from the day before. How else was she going to fill her time, if none of these three guys took anything seriously?

"I'm sorry about those two." Tyler's voice, once again unexpected, made her jump, and she covered her mouth to hold back the scream of surprise. "They're always in their own little world, oblivious to everyone else." He shook his head, staring at the single closed door to Sean's office, where both of them were guffawing.

Valerie simply nodded.

"I wondered if you'd like to get out of here for a bit. Get some fresh air? I'd love to buy you a coffee."

Shocked at the offer, Valerie stared at him dumbly, finally nodding and standing. She grabbed her purse. "Oh, you won't need that," he replied. "Just come down, whatever you want is on me. Let's chalk it up to a peace offering." His eyes twinkled, and Valerie thought she might melt into a puddle on the floor. She already had to consciously remind herself to keep her mouth shut for fear of drooling.

She followed him to the elevator and rode down with him in silence, but on the ground floor, he put a hand at the small of her back and guided her, making the skin there tingle, sending a flash of hot, electric signals to lower parts that soaked her panties through. She'd never had anyone who even came close to this guy's looks put a hand on her before. Anywhere.

Blinking several times to clear her head, she reminded herself that this was her new boss, or one of them, and perhaps the only one to notice her existence. Having these sorts of thoughts about her employer, nak*d and buried inside her while she screamed his name, didn't file under the term 'appropriate'. She needed to get a damn grip on reality.

As they entered the cafe, she cleared her throat and tried to make light conversation.

"So, I take it you passed your bar exam."

He laughed, a sound that she realized she rather liked. "Not particularly. I finished law school, yes, per my father's bidding. But I haven't taken the bar yet, and I'm not sure I want to." He moved up to the counter and motioned for her to join him.

Getting just a coffee seemed too boring, whereas ordering a white chocolate mocha could raise issues with her figure. Sighing, she opted for a skinny mocha latte, figuring it was the best happy medium available. The question was, why had Tyler Princeton, Prince Alarming, asked her to coffee when he could have just asked her to get some from the break room with him? It seemed strange, but she didn't want to read anything into it, good or bad.

The instant he'd walked into the godforsaken office and seen Valerie, Tyler's interest had peaked. She was a classic beauty, not the runway model waifs that were so fawned over these days, and he couldn't get her image out of his mind. He'd sat in his expensive office chair, clicking his outrageously overpriced pen over and over while he'd pictured her writhing under him and screaming his name in ecstasy as he drove into her with the same quick rhythm of the clicks.

Finally, with a growl, he'd decided the only way to stop fantasizing was to go back out there and talk to her. Only, he'd asked her to coffee instead, and they'd hardly spoken. So now, he stared at her incredible curves - the perfectly rounded ass, the slight padding on her h*ps that gave her an hourglass figure, the br**sts that teased him by stretching and pulling taut the blouse she wore, and even the shape of her legs filling out those sexy pinstriped pants she wore.

It proved too much. He wanted her, and he always got what he wanted.

That's the only reason he played along with this insanity to begin with. A lawyer! Him? After his day at the office ended today, he intended to meet several of his friends and race, having just added a new boost to his own two-wheel machine. And tomorrow, he planned to spend the evening on his father's yacht.

Which would be the perfect way to start working his way into Valerie Gordon's pants.

"You like sailing, don't you?" he asked as they strolled back toward the office, coffee in hand.

She seemed to consider that question for a moment before answering, her perfect little nose wrinkling and her head tilting so a few locks of that silky strawberry hair fell across one eye. "I wouldn't know, I've never been."

He blinked at her in disbelief. "How is that possible?"

She shrugged and wouldn't look at him. "I've never had the money to do anything like that."

Suddenly he understood. The reason she seemed so different from anyone else in the office was because she was different. She wasn't a trust fund baby. All the more reason to offer her everything she wanted so he could get what he wanted.

"Well, let's find out. I'm going out on the yacht tomorrow, and I would love for you to join me and keep me company."

She stopped walking and turned to face him, a doubtful scowl on her face. "Look, Mr. Princeton..."

"Tyler," he corrected.

The lines on her forehead grew deeper, her expression more disturbed. "Tyler. I don't know what you're trying to do here, but whatever it is, I don't appreciate being made a fool."

He shook his head, smiling. "It's really hard to believe that someone as beautiful as you isn't used to being asked out." He felt a stab of satisfaction as she blushed. "Look, Valerie, I'm not going to lie to you. I find you incredibly attractive. Is it so wrong of me to be up front?"

Her blush darkened and spread down her throat. "I guess not."

He stepped closer so they were almost touching, leaning down so his lips hovered only slightly above hers. She trembled visibly as his breath tickled across her face. "So, is that a yes?"

With a shuddering sigh, she said, "I guess so, yes."

Triumphant, he placed a gentle hand on her shoulder, his face only inches away from hers.

"Perfect. Now, let's hope the Blues Brothers stay in their office all day. It'll mean a very light work day for you, and less pretending to be busy for me." He laughed at her suspicious look. "I'm only here to pacify my father, Valerie. Of course, I don't regret coming now that I've met you, but I'll be damned if I'm going to conform to dear Dad's idea of success."

* * *

As it turned out, Sean and Aaron came out of the office about twenty minutes before lunch, one of them sending Valerie a disinterested wave over his shoulder as they headed for the elevator. And a mere twenty-five minutes later, the lift dinged, and a bike courier delivered lunch for Tyler, who popped out of his office and handed over what looked to Valerie like an exorbitant amount of money for a tip.

When the carrier left, he began opening bags and arranging contents on her desk.

"Tyler, I'm sorry, but I have some work to do, and your lunch is in my way."

He raised an eyebrow at her. "Aren't you hungry? I ordered with the intention of feeding two. I can't eat all this myself."

Valerie couldn't believe this. The food smelled incredible, and as he opened it to reveal Indian cuisine, she couldn't help but be grateful as her stomach growled at the delicious smells. He'd even ordered her favorite chicken masala, and she waved him away from it as she grabbed the dish.

"That's it, the rest is yours. This? Is all mine."

He laughed, and the sound was deep and enticing. "I see I've hit a soft spot. I'll have to remember that." Surrendering with flourish, he held up his hands and bowed. "It's all yours."

As they ate, Tyler talked to her about sailing, and she listened intently, genuinely interested. Sean and Aaron returned as they were cleaning up, and one of them gave her a smile she was sure was meant to be salacious.

"Tyler, who is your friend?"

One look at Tyler proved he had no sense of humor about this matter. "Don't you recognize her? This is the third time you've passed her today. She's our legal assistant intern. Valerie, meet my cousin, Aaron and his brother," he offered, indicating the one standing to the side with a look like he's smelled something rotten, "Sean. Guys, this is Valerie Gordon."

Aaron took her hand and tried to raise it to his lips, but Valerie pulled away, and Tyler instantly put a hand on her shoulder. She wasn't sure if that was protective or territorial, but at this moment, she didn't much care. Aaron was obviously a leech, and as for Sean, if he was going to look down on her as if he'd just pulled her out of a bog, she certainly wanted nothing to do with him.

"I'm sure she's pleased you've finally had the manners to acknowledge her existence. Now, go back to your video games and YouTube and leave her alone." He turned back to Valerie, taking the trash from her desk. "I'm going Gordontairs for a cigarette, if you'd like to join me."

She didn't smoke, but there was enough tension in the air to crackle like static electricity, and she was grateful for the exit. "Sure, I'll go down with you."

"Or maybe go down on you," she heard Aaron mutter under his breath.

In the blink of an eye, Tyler had crossed the room and had his cousin pinned against the wall. "You will show respect to our assistant. She is my father's employee, just like you, and that makes her your equal, not the butt of your jokes. If I hear another comment like that from you, I will have harassment charges filed against you, and you'll lose this job, your reputation, a lot of money, and that precious license to practice in the state of Washington."

Tyler released him and turned before he could answer, taking Valerie's hand and leading her to the stairwell. He had no patience left to wait for the elevator. He was fuming. Had he not obligated himself to working here long enough to reap his trust fund reward, he would have pummeled the a**hole into the ground and not thought twice about it. As it was, he had about a year to fulfill his obligation, and he didn't want to come off as too much of the bad boy he was to the very clean-cut Valerie.

But apparently he'd already messed that up. "How many tattoos do you have?" she asked as he rolled up his sleeves and lit his cigarette. He looked down and realized that the dragon winding all the way from the top of his shoulder to the tip of his little finger was very much exposed in all its bright, colorful glory. He wanted to curse.

Thinking and counting, he sighed heavily as he replied, "Fifteen and a half."

Her laughter rang out in the air like church bells and gave him goosebumps. "What do you mean, a half?"

He couldn't help but smile as he unbuttoned the top two buttons of his shirt and watched her swallow hard as she looked at his chest. He pulled the material to the side, showing her the outline of the Gothic castle and the reaper-like creature standing guard.

"I mean, these are drawn but not shaded with color yet. I'm getting that done this weekend."

"Nice."

He chuckled softly in disbelief. "You don't have any tattoos?"

She shook her head, deflating a little. "I could never decide what I wanted enough to stick it on my body permanently."

"You should think about it. You have great skin for it and a gorgeous figure. You should definitely show it off with a little ink."

For what had to be the eightieth time today, Valerie felt herself blushing. He must have some ulterior motive because men with half his looks had balked at the idea of dating her. She was by no means beautiful, and she saw it everywhere in fashion trends like skinny jeans, runway models getting taller and thinner, a new diet on the bestseller list every week. What on earth could Prince Alarming really find attractive about her?

She'd give him his date on the yacht tomorrow, but then she was done with this. There would be no more playing around with a boss who was obviously just looking for a temporary distraction.

* * *

"You planning on showing up on time tomorrow?"

The door barely shut, Tyler leaned his head back against it, grinding his teeth at his father's disappointed voice as he called in a dry tone from his seat, no doubt, in front of the television.

"I was only five minutes late today, Dad. Maybe you didn't know this, but I had to fill out paperwork with human resources in order to start getting a paycheck."

His father's sarcastic laugh rankled him, and he clenched his fists as the man, who still for some reason considered himself a southern gentleman and not the shark he was in the courtroom, appeared at the other end of the long foyer hallway. "You shouldn't even be getting paid. I should treat you like a damn intern and pay you pennies on the dollar. You have all the money you need. You should learn some work ethic."

This coming from a man who charged companies going through bankruptcy more than their business had ever been worth. Who had taken poor men to the cleaners to build his initial fortune when he'd been a criminal attorney.

"I'm not lazy, Dad."

"No, you just waste all your damn time with useless shit like racing and playing kid games."

Hockey had never been just a game to Tyler, but his father couldn't understand that. He was too wrapped up in his own world and his love of money to care what his son wanted in life.

His anger boiling over, he spat back, "Maybe I feel like what you do is all a game. Arguing with grown men in a courtroom where another old man bangs a gavel to calm you down before you start wrestling on the floor and punching each other's lights out."

"Listen, you selfish little bastard, all I want for you is success. So don't embarrass me, or I will cut you off. Right now."

Tyler pushed past his father. "I don't have the energy for this. I have to be at work in the morning. I'm going to bed." He stomped to his bedroom and slammed the door, knowing it was childish and not caring. His father charged between $600 and $1000 an hour for his services. In 45 minutes tonight, Tyler had made $3000. But because it wasn't a 'respectable' profession like being a bloodsucking lawyer, racing bikes didn't count as a source of income, even if you were good at it.

Just like signing a multimillion-dollar contract to play professional hockey had been out of line.

"Guess what, Dad," he muttered to himself as he stripped down to his skivvies. "I'm pretty sure you won't approve of my date tomorrow, either." But screw it, he liked Valerie. And more than that, he desperately wanted to feel her in his arms, to run his fingers over those stunning curves, to taste her sweet nectar. He'd abide by the requirements of his agreement with his father so he could get his trust fund, but then he'd quit the damn firm and live his life the way he wanted, out from under his father's thumb.

Lying on his bed his thoughts turned to Valerie. Imagining her nak*d, riding him while he massaged her br**sts and watched the hunger growing in her eyes. He envisioned her voluptuous body pushing down on him, accepting every inch of his c*ck and before too long the rage he felt towards his father was gone, replaced by the strongest desire for a woman that he'd ever felt. And it surprised and scared him.

* * *

Valerie had spent the entire day at her desk, and she was utterly grateful that none of her charges had asked her for anything. She didn't think she would have been able to concentrate on any assigned task. All she could do was watch time tick by on the clock and wait impatiently. The tension rode high, and while she was a bit frightened that this was all just a joke, a horrible prank, just like in high school, the idea of going on a date with Tyler truly excited her, in more ways than one.

As her thoughts wandered to what they might do alone on a yacht in the middle of the water, she had to go to the restroom several times to clean herself up, the moisture constant and threatening to seep through her clothes. She'd never been so attracted to someone that just the thought of that person made her wet, but something about Tyler was different. So very different. She couldn't stop thinking about him, about what he would look like in nothing more than a fitted pair of shorts, the sun kissing his bronzed skin, the sparkling water reflecting in those beautiful blue eyes.

And those thoughts would get her in trouble, if she couldn't get them under control. Eventually, she'd need to focus and if she couldn't control these thoughts, she'd never be able to get her job done.

"You almost ready?" Tyler murmured from behind her, and she felt her breathe hitch in her throat. Somehow, an hour had passed without her even noticing, and she was off in 15 minutes.

Her heart thudded in her chest. "Yes, just let me power down."

Tyler eyed her and could sense her anxiety. He moved up behind her, and she could feel his masculine presence shadowing closer. Her body went rigid, her knees weak with desire, and she found herself closing her eyes as she said a silent prayer asking that he disappear before he saw the effect that he had on her.

When he first touched her, she stiffened, but as his fingers gripped her shoulders, lightly at first and then firmer and more aggressive in his kneading, he felt the knot of stress leave her, the muscles relaxing beneath his thumbs and fingers.

"Relax."

She nodded.

"You're okay riding on the back of a motorcycle, aren't you?"

Blinking up at him as he moved around in front of her, Valerie nodded again. "Yes. I mean, I haven't been on one all that much, but I like them."

He leaned down, palms flat on her desk, and stood there almost nose-to-nose. "Well, after you ride with me, you're going to love them." He smiled at her watching her pupils dilate. "I'm going to leave my stuff here so I can have you right up behind me."

What was wrong with her? Valerie didn't know what turned her on most - the fact that he was literally growling his desire, or the thought of pressing her entire body up against him from behind while he sped down the road and around corners toward the marina.

"I'll be ready in a few minutes." Her voice was husky, and she barely recognized it.

She locked the computer and all of the drawers, and by the time he came back out of his office, carrying a set of keys and two helmets, she was as ready as she could get. She shouldered her bag and forced a smile past the fear creeping into her throat. "Let's get out of here."

He took her hand, leading her to the elevator and out to the parking garage.

* * *

A part of Tyler wished he hadn't asked Valerie to change into her bathing suit till after they were out of the marina. He could barely concentrate on driving the damn boat because she was such a distraction, the black boy shorts and bikini top contrasting against her creamy skin and tendrils of her strawberry hair teasing at her cl**vage, drawing his attention over and over to those ample br**sts of hers.

As soon as he left the no-wake zone, he floored it, needing to get away from everyone else so he could get her inside the boat.

His deftness proved sexy, and Valerie found herself watching Tyler intently, not because she was so interested in what he was doing with the boat but because his every move was graceful and powerful. For once in her life, she hoped his intentions weren't noble as they drew further and further from the coastline and any other boats out on the water.

Tyler found a quiet cove, nestled around a corner from one of the main traffic areas, and dropped anchor. Turning to Valerie with a salacious smile, he asked, "So, what do you think of my yacht?"

She shot him a coy smile. "It's big. And it's beautiful." She pretended to pout, pushing out her bottom lip. "But I think it might move too fast."

Moving like a predator stalking its prey, he strode toward her, his gaze intense and maintaining eye contact. "Do you really feel like I go too fast?" He loomed over her where she sat, his hand brushing her shoulder, his mouth just a deep breath away from her lips. She was already panting in anticipation. This was the moment of truth. Would he reject her? Or did he, just maybe, find her as attractive as he let on?

Closing the distance herself, Valerie launched herself into a hot, demanding kiss, capturing his lips and refusing to let go until she couldn't breathe. Looking up at him through her eyelashes, she asked, "Does it look like I have a problem with moving fast?"

His hard c*ck straining against his shorts, Tyler almost choked on the words that came out in a low growl.

"I certainly hope not. Because I want you so bad I don't think I can stop myself." He took her lips again, his hands cupping those inviting br**sts that thrust against the thin material of the bikini top, and she stood, pressing herself against him. That soft, lush body pressing against his erection made him groan, and he fisted a hand in her hair, pulling her head back so he could taste deeper, dive into her mouth further with his tongue.

Valerie sighed into his mouth, then inhaled sharply as he lifted her, his hands cupping her ass, and she wrapped her legs around his waist while he started moving toward the cabin door, carrying her effortlessly. That alone heightened her attraction to him, and the last little shred of resistance fled from her.

She felt him kick open the cabin door, and he took three steps before lowering her onto a lush suede couch. She turned and lay back with her head on the arm, drawing him down on top of her. She arched her back as he pushed her bikini top out of the way and closed his mouth over her left nipple, circling his tongue around it and suckling her.

Tyler groaned at the sweet taste of her skin and wanted so much more. Almost frantic to feel her, he stroked her center over the boy short bottoms, reveling in the way she moved as if riding his hand, until he couldn't take it anymore. He reached inside of the shorts, the tiny little hairs tickling his hand as he touched the warm, wet heat of her opening, of the cleft above. He rubbed circles around it and watched her gasp and choke as she came on his fingers.

Valerie felt all logical thoughts shatter as her body convulsed, shockwaves flowing through it like electrical signals. She'd never come so hard before. She felt like she died and was reborn, all in the space of the minute those waves rolled through her.

Unsatisfied in her own pleasure and wanting Tyler to feel the same, she reached down and found the long, hard shaft that jabbed her in the hip. She gripped it in her hand through his trunks, running her palm and fingers up and down it through the material while he shivered and growled against her. He thrust his c*ck into her closed hand, and she began to imagine how he would feel deep inside her, pushing every inch of his thickness inside of her aching sweet spot.

Reluctantly letting go, Valerie reached for his waistband and jerked at the swim trunks, and he accommodated, moving so they came down his legs. Her eyes grew wide at the sight of his cock, large and hard, standing against his stomach. She caressed it tenderly, wanting to worship it, intrigued by the perfection of it.

But no matter how good it felt, Tyler didn't have the patience for it. He pulled Valerie's shorts down her legs, leaving her entirely exposed beneath him, and he kissed down her br**sts, her stomach, to the moist opening between her legs that made her cry out. Then he wrapped her legs around his waist and drove his c*ck deep inside her.

Valerie threw her head back, calling out his name, and he sighed at the satisfying tightness of her inner walls throbbing and squeezing around him.

He started with long, slow strokes that made her shiver and come over and over. But it was maddening to hold back, and Tyler couldn't maintain his calm ministrations. He sped up, creating friction even with the natural lubrication, until he was frantic. She clawed at his back as he drove harder and deeper, and that only served to excite him further.

Valerie lost all control, able to do nothing but take what Tyler gave, her entire body quaking. She could feel Tyler's loss of control as well, his rhythm failing, his thrusts so hard it bordered on that pleasure-pain threshold. And then she felt his shiver, the jumping of his cock, the cum shooting warmly inside of her as he experienced his own release nearly breaking her in two with the force and the incredible pleasure of it.

He collapsed on top of her, both of them gasping for air, and she ran her fingertips up and down his sweat-drenched back, a small smile of satisfaction curling her lips. She enjoyed the feel of him still inside her as they lay there in the afterglow.

Tyler brushed her hair back out of her face as he pushed up, smiling from ear to ear.

"Damn, I need a cigarette." She giggled beneath him, effectively pushing him out of her, and he shoved to his feet, padding around the cabin nude, finding his pack on the counter.

Valerie had a glorious view of every inch of him, all his tattoos, and she admired them unabashed. She spent a little extra time getting a good look at the muscular curve of his ass, the tendons working in his legs, the sinewy stretches of his back, shoulders, and arms. He was an incredible creature, and Valerie couldn't believe someone that well formed wanted anything to do with her. As she watched him light a cigarette and blow smoke out with a satisfied breath, she smiled to herself and decided that, maybe, she'd consider that later. For now, this was far too enjoyable to ruin it with paranoia and common sense.

* * *

Tyler was reluctant to take Valerie back to her car at the office. In fact, they'd gone two more rounds before the sun started to go down and they had to head back to the marina to escape the chill in the night air, and he was reluctant to depart from her at all. So, as she dressed and combed her hair, he approached her from behind, wrapping his arms around her waist and nuzzling her neck until she giggled. "Let me drive you home."

She raised an eyebrow. "What about my car?"

He grinned. "My father owns the property it's parked on. It'll be fine. And I can take you to work in the morning. Then you can drive it home tomorrow evening."

In theory, it sounded great. Especially if she could convince Tyler to stay the night with her. But she also knew their work schedules weren't exactly the same.

"You do realize you'd have to get to the office an hour earlier than usual if you took me to work."

He shrugged as he moved away from her. "My father would be so proud," he told her in a dry, sarcastic voice. "I don't mind. Hell, maybe we could spend that first hour together, and you could help me study for the bar exam."

That one threw her for a loop. "Tyler, I'm not in law school. I'm a paralegal, and I really don't know anything about being a lawyer."

But he shook his head. "You're obviously a much better student than I ever was. I'm smart, I just never know how to study, and I get bored. I think working with you would be enjoyable and enlightening." He gave her a wicked grin. "And if you want, we can stop by my place, and I'll get some clothes for work tomorrow, and we can spend the night together."

A shiver ran down Valerie's spine at the idea, and she gave a shy smile back. "I think I might like that. But be warned, my apartment is small and sparse. It's nowhere near the luxury I'm sure you're used to." She swept her hand around the cabin in illustration.

Tyler frowned and pulled her to him in an embrace that felt warm and inviting to him, something he wasn't used to experiencing. "I'd rather be nak*d and happy with you in a roach motel than bored and alone in the Ritz."

Her cheeks warming, Valerie thought he wasn't that far off, and while that sounded beautiful and romantic, she doubted seriously that it was true. Still, she nodded. "Let's get going then."

* * *

Everything about Valerie was sensual, and her sexual appetite was as insatiable as Tyler's. They explored each other's bodies for hours, finally falling asleep sometime around 2:30. While Tyler was used to keeping such hours, Valerie was exhausted when the alarm went off, and the one thing she was grateful for was that Tyler had traded the motorcycle for his Mercedes last night, meaning she didn't have to worry about wearing a helmet or holding tightly. She was weak and sore from seriously hot bouts of sex, and she didn't trust her muscles right now.

As he walked into the office, Tyler whistled, feeling invigorated and ready to face the reality that he had to make a move on his bar exam. His time was short, and he liked his lifestyle, so he wasn't prepared to lose the trust fund.

But before he could settle into his office and pull out study materials, his father's secretary knocked on his door. "Excuse me, Mr. Princeton, your father would like to see you in his office."

Clenching his jaw, Tyler nodded and headed for the elevator. Gordontairs, he didn't knock before striding impatiently into his father's office. "What is it, Dad?"

The livid expression on his father's face didn't bode well, but when had they ever had a decent conversation? "You didn't come home last night."

Tyler winced. "I'm a grown man, Dad. I can come and go as I please."

"Not when you're out on my yacht, entertaining some trash from across the tracks. Not to mention screwing the help."

Feeling the twitch start in his jaw muscle, Tyler lowered his voice to a dangerous level. "You have no idea what you're talking about."

The older man slammed his hands on his desk and stood, leaning forward menacingly. "I know exactly what I'm talking about. You're purposely disrespecting me, and I won't have it. You will not make a mockery of me. You will act like you have the breeding with which you were raised, and you will not gallivant off with some piece of ass just to spite me."

"Really, Dad? Because I remember eating Ramen and beans growing up, helping Mom clip coupons so we could afford to eat, until you built this dynasty of yours. We don't come from better 'breeding' than anyone else. Besides, you should be thrilled. Your stipulations state that I have to be married within a year. When was the last time you saw me date anyone? At least I'm making the effort now."

"My son will not marry some little, money grubbing hussy and let the whore drain his bank account!" the elder man roared.

"I'm not listening to this shit!" Tyler roared back. Fuming, he growled, "Your superiority complex is getting old, Dad. Get off my back." He turned and started to leave.

"I didn't dismiss you. Where do you think you're going?"

"To study for the damn bar exam," he called over his shoulder, slamming the door behind him. Rather than heading back upstairs, he went outside and lit a cigarette. He needed to calm down. His father had the worst way of getting under his skin.

There had been a time when he'd been proud of Tyler for his talent at hockey. Then, something had changed, and he'd started dumping all over both Tyler and Tyler's mother. Lisa Princeton had escaped, filing for divorce and moved across the country. When his father had forced Tyler to quit the hockey team, then assured that he would go to law school, Tyler fought long and hard to live with his mother, but his father hadn't let him and had forced the contract on his trust fund.

He was about to go back inside and lick his wounds in his office when Valerie stepped out. He turned away from her, not wanting her to see the emotions on his face. He quickly put on a mask of stoicism and offered her a smile that he knew didn't reach his eyes. "What are you doing here?"

Valerie saw the look of pain on Tyler's face, no matter how hard he tried to hide it, and she frowned at him, her brow creasing with concern. "What happened, Tyler? Is everything okay?"

He laughed mirthlessly. "Just the usual bullshit with my father."

Valerie gulped, remembering the horrible things she'd heard the elder Princeton say about his son. "I'm sorry, Tyler. But whatever he said, it's your life and you need to live it your way. You know, some people just don't think about the impact that their words have...maybe because they are far too busy worrying about their own feelings to even think about someone else's. I know what it's like to hear something negative over and over again until you start to believe it. But Tyler, that doesn't make it true."

Tyler sighed and nodded. How could she possibly understand so well? And how did she know he was upset? Most people couldn't read him. But then, few people cared enough to really try to get close to him. His father made sure of that.

"As a senior, a recruiter found me and gave me the opportunity to play professional hockey. Without warning, my father took me off the hockey team and said no son of his was going to make a fool of himself on national television instead of preparing himself for a lifelong, lucrative career."

Valerie cringed. She couldn't imagine her family, however poor, snatching her dreams away like that. She supposed it didn't matter how much money you had; there were always problems, and sometimes, the money itself was the problem. She didn't know what to say to him, so she just put a hand on his shoulder, hoping it was comforting in some way.

"Hey, cousin." They both looked up as Sean walked by. He smiled lasciviously. "Looks like you've found a source of entertainment," he taunted. "Is that what your dad's paying her for?" Valerie clenched Tyler's arm, holding him back as his anger peaked again and he started to go after him.

"Don't bother...please," she begged him in a low voice she hoped was soothing. "I can take care of myself." She nudged him in the opposite direction. "Come on, I'll buy you a coffee today, and then we'll go upstairs and start studying."

Reluctantly and still seeing red, Tyler nodded and followed her lead. This was obviously not his day.

* * *

It was late, and the office was empty when Valerie knocked on Tyler's door. He'd asked if she could stay and study with him some more this evening, after he'd had time to develop questions from the material he was going to look over while she did her paperwork. She opened the door and found him deeply absorbed in one of the study guides, scratching his head with a scowl on his face, a notepad covered in scrawl laying on the desk in front of him.

When he heard her come in, he looked up, and his face instantly brightened, giving Valerie a smile that made her heart skip a beat. She really shouldn't be having these reactions to him, but how could she not? He was devastatingly handsome, and his bad-boy alpha-male persona mixed with the underlying flatterer and tender-handed lover were too much to ignore. "How's it going?" she asked.

He shook his head. "I'm completely lost. I can't even begin to put this all into any kind of outline I can follow. I mean, individually each part of the whole makes a sense, but when I try to put all this legalese into perspective, it becomes one big jumble."

"This is true. That's okay, we'll get it organized for you." She made a move to grab the notepad, but Tyler grabbed her hand instead, staying it. She looked up at him, wide eyed, and he let go, putting the book down and coming around the desk. He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her tight against his chest, taking her mouth with the same passion that he'd taken her so many times in a more personal manner the night before. His tongue made love to hers and made her breath come in pants and gasps.

It was too much, and Valerie tangled her hands in his hair, rising up on her tiptoes, wanting to taste more of him. It was like honey and smoke, a sweet masculine taste that made her wet, made things low on her body clench and beg.

As if understanding her need, Tyler ran his hand over her ass, around her hips, and between them, stroking just above that wonderful, sweet spot. Her cl*t throbbed with sensation, and she rocked against him, begging his fingers to drop just an inch or two lower to satisfy her desire. Instead, his fingers reached beneath her shirt, toying with the skin on her stomach and then up under the wire of her bra, drawing circles around her breast and pinching her nipple, even as he continued diving into her mouth.

Her nails found the back of his neck, biting into his skin, and then trailing more lightly down his arms and then to his waist, where she untucked his shirt and moved to feel the hard muscle and smooth skin of his chest. She could feel the thrumming of his racing heart, and she wanted him more than ever. Without a second thought, she reached for his fly, only to find his erection thrusting against the material already.

She made fast work of his pants, dropping them around his ankles, and reached inside his boxers, grasping his shaft tightly so he hissed a breath through his clenched teeth. He thrust against her palm, and she moaned, feeling the moisture building between her legs.

With a rough movement, Tyler grabbed her h*ps and lifted her onto his desk, setting her on the edge and pushing up the skirt she wore, his fingers pushing aside her panties so he could feel her wet clit. She spread her legs wide for him, throwing her head back with a cry as he pushed two fingers inside her, curling them until he found the right spot to make her gasp. Over and over, he stroked it, fingers pushing in and out of her, torturously. He watched her features clench as she approached orgasm and felt the muscles inside her p**sy convulsing with her release as cum coated his hand. He could barely contain his own explosion at the sight of intense pleasure on her face.

"Please, Tyler, I want you inside me." Her begging whisper was his undoing, and he pushed his boxers down, while she tore at her panties. Quickly and aggressively, he pushed his c*ck into her in one fast motion, and they both swore at the incredible satisfaction of the sensation. He almost ripped her blouse and shoved at her bra, cupping both her br**sts in his hands and leaning her back on her hands as he took up a murderously fast rhythm, pounding into her with incredible need. She felt better than anything he'd ever imagined, and it was all he could do not to cum immediately.

Valerie felt the waves building and crashing, over and over again, her pleasure finding its culmination every time before the last orgasm had faded. She thought she might lose consciousness for a moment, as Tyler kneaded her br**sts roughly with each stroke. It was sublime, and she bent her knees, propping her feet on the desk beside her to open herself wider to him, wanting him deeper and deeper until she could feel him all the way to the end of her.

Her solicitous movements heightened Tyler's ferociousness, and he plowed into her, not holding back, and when he came, he roared, feeling her explosion one more time as he poured into her. She felt back on the desk, exhausted, and Tyler leaned his head back, his c*ck resting deep inside her as he sought breath and willed his heart not to beat its way out of his chest.

When Valerie sat up with his shaft still sheathed inside her and laid a penetrating kiss on him, his eyes grew wide as he felt himself growing hard again. She moaned into his mouth, wiggling her h*ps to entice him, and he was ready for another round.

He began rocking his hips, a slow, steady motion, massaging her inner walls as his penis grew harder and harder, and she sighed his name, making him growl. He wanted more, felt a need to own her completely.

Pulling out of her and groaning as she whimpered her displeasure at his removal, he turned her over, pressing her face down on the desk, and he squeezed her ass as he entered her from behind.

Valerie felt an intense pressure as he slid into her the first time and the sensation quickly exploded into pure pleasure, with fireworks lighting her eyes, and she screamed with pleasure. With a few quick thrusts and an animalistic cry, Tyler filled her again, and she clenched around him, gaining her own peak with his. He finally collapsed on her back, laying several light kisses on her neck, and she delighted in the feel of his weight on her.

After several long moments, he muttered, "That was incredible."

Unable to stifle a laugh, she nuzzled into him. "Yes, it was."

Tyler reluctantly pulled out of her, exhausted from the intensity of their sex, and headed for the bathroom, bringing back a towel to wipe the sweat from his body. When Valerie reached for it, he handed it to her, and he groaned as he watched her clean herself before pulling her panties back up and straightening her skirt.

She raised an eyebrow at him. "So, are we still studying?"

He smiled. "Yes, but first, I'm starving. So, I say we head out and grab a bite to eat. Then, we can either go to the library or back to your place to study. I'd have you at my place, but I don't want to subject you to the joys of my father outside of business hours."

"I'm perfectly okay with you coming to my place." But a coy, seductive smile crossed her lips. "I'm just concerned we'd get distracted." She dropped her eyes meaningfully and blushed.

Tyler chuckled. "This is true. But I'm not sure that's a bad thing."

"Then let's do it."

* * *

The following morning, Valerie sat, somewhat uncomfortably, at her desk, waiting anxiously to see Tyler's face. He'd spent the night again, and while they'd fallen asleep earlier, they'd still filled their evening with incredible sex. She was sore and tired, but she was quite satisfied. At the same time, she unfortunately felt herself getting emotionally attached; something she knew would never get her anywhere.

When the elevator dinged, she looked up hopefully, her eyes lighting up when Tyler stepped out, only to darken when his cousins followed behind him. Tyler gave her a knowing smile, and she returned it, watching him pass by, Aaron and Sean right on his heels. As they crossed in front of her, Aaron eyed her from head to toe, a mocking smile etched tightly on his face. Falling back, just out of earshot, he lifted his chin to her, the words tumbling out like razors.

"When you're done pleasuring my cousin, perhaps I can have a turn."

Rage swirled and tore at Valerie's chest, and she shot fire from her eyes as she met his gaze. "You're digusting," she replied.

Forcing the anger down, she turned away from him and went back to what she was doing, completely ignoring him. She could see the displeasure at her rebuff out of the corner of her eye, and it greatly satisfied her.

Of course, she wouldn't mention it to Tyler, for fear he'd kill the man. Whether or not he had feelings for her, Tyler was a protective man, and she had no doubts that he would go after Aaron without a second thought. Sighing, she combed her fingers through her thick hair, a little unnerved despite her show of confidence, and tried to concentrate on her work.

She thought about seeing if Tyler wanted to go for coffee, but he was on the phone in his office - she could hear his side of the conversation and it sounded intense - so she could wait.

When Tyler finally hung up the phone, unsatisfied at how that call had gone, he peered out his office, the sight of Valerie alone making him feel better, more relaxed. But something was wrong, in her posture, and in the strained look he saw from her profile on her face. He moved quickly to her and leaned down to speak low in her ear. "Is something wrong?"

She looked up at him and gave him a small, forced smile. "No, not really. I'm just having a hard time concentrating."

Relieved, he nodded. "Good, let's get out of here for a bit."

Almost worried about the two of them being seen together, she started to refuse, then decided she didn't care and followed him out.

* * *

The rest of the day passed by slowing and Valerie found herself counting the minutes until she would be free from the tension in the office. Restless, and needing to stretch her legs, she turned the screensaver on and made her way down to the coffee machine. Passing by the elder Princeton's office, she couldn't help but overhear him ranting loudly to someone. Not meaning to eavesdrop, but unable to contain her curiosity, she stopped to listen for a moment.

"He's rebelling, and I can guarantee he's just trying to piss me off by screwing that chubby piece of trash in this office. I have half a mind to fire her, just to get her away from him, but she's brilliant and costs me practically nothing." There was a pause. "No, he hasn't. But if he uses this plump little tart and marries her, just to get the damn trust fund, I'm writing him out of my will, and I'll make sure he can't get a partnership at any firm in the state, no matter how well he scores on his bar."

Valerie had heard enough, and the sick feeling in her stomach nearly caused her to vomit as she hurried away from the office door, wanting to be as far away from there as possible. She rushed outside and down the street, telling herself not to get too worked up, not to cry. She had no reason to believe Tyler had any real feelings for her anyway. Why should she be upset about what his father, some old rich creep, thought of her?

Of course, she knew the answer. She'd gotten her hopes up that there was more between them than just great sex. Now, reality set in. She'd had a good time, and so had he. But it hadn't meant anything. Either she was part of some rebellion against his father, or she was an easy mark to make sure he qualified for the money in his trust fund. No matter what it was, she was nothing more than a passing fling and as the truth hit her like a ton of bricks to the chest, she struggled to breathe.

It all made sense now. In fact, it was the common sense she'd refused to acknowledge when they first met. Her gut instinct had told her that something wasn't right, that Tyler was too good to be true. If she'd just listened to her mind instead of her heart, she wouldn't be hurting right now. And she wouldn't be making a fool of herself.

Finding strength in her anger, she lifted her head and turned to go back to the office, intent on giving her notice. She was qualified enough and she certainly deserved to be part of a team that respected her and treated her better than the hateful way Tyler's family did. And Tyler - he would never persuade her to give into his pretend desires ever again, that she was sure of. With resolve, she spun on her heels and headed for the office complex. She was done playing games.

* * *

"Where's Valerie?" Tyler demanded as he stormed into his father's office. He'd been waiting to see her for over an hour, but it looked like she might not have come back from lunch. He could only assume that his father had something to do with her absence.

The older man frowned. "What are you talking about, Tyler? You come storming into my office, and it almost sounds like you're accusing me of something." He sounded so blase that Tyler definitely didn't buy it.

"Look, I don't know what you're trying to pull, but you have no right to get rid of a hard working employee just so I don't break your stodgy old rules. So, I suggest you get her back, or you'll lose me, too. I'll walk out that door right now and never come back."

His father chuckled. "And what about the trust fund?" He stood and came out from behind the desk, crossing his arms menacingly. "When you don't have a job, or the means to support your prissy little lifestyle? What are you going to do with yourself? You don't know how to survive without my silver spoon in your mouth, son."

Tyler clenched his fists at his side. He wanted nothing more than to deck his own father right now, to break that nose he knew had cost the old man a fortune.

"Tell me what you did, Dad." His voice was a low, threatening growl.

With a disgusted expression, he waved Tyler off and sat back down. "I didn't do anything except tell her I was sorry to see her leave and send her with a small severance check when she came in here and gave her notice. So, son, perhaps the question to ask is, what did you do?"

Though he didn't want to believe it, his father wouldn't lie at this point. He wanted to hurt Tyler, so he would've happily admitted if he'd fired Valerie, or if he'd said something to her that made her quit. Confused, Tyler could only imagine what may have happened to make her want to leave so quickly without saying goodbye.

He stormed back up the stairs, ignoring the elevator and taking the steps two at a time, and grabbed his things. How likely was it that one of his cousins had finally crossed the line so far that they'd run her off? He hurried back to the parking garage, sliding into his car. Within seconds he was peeling out of the parking lot, heading straight for Valerie's house. He tried calling her, but he only got her voicemail. Frustrated, he left a message.

"Valerie, it's me. Listen, I don't know what happened, but I want to talk to you. And if it's something my cousins said or did, or something my father said, I'll take care of it. I'm not going to let anyone hurt you. I'm on my way to your place, hopefully you're there."

He hung up and cursed, weaving through the streets with careless abandoned. His only thought was getting to Valerie as quickly as he could.

* * *

Hanging up the phone, Valerie breathed a sigh of relief. She'd been afraid she'd made a mistake walking out on her job, even if she needed to get away. She didn't know how long it would take to find another one, and while the senior Princeton had cut her a decent check that would get her through a couple of weeks, she knew she needed to find something quickly before she fell further behind.

She'd gone back through her email as soon as she'd gotten home and found a request she'd received around the time she'd started working for Princeton from a criminal law firm that was almost as big and well known as they were. At the time, they hadn't been offering a paying internship, and she'd turned it down.

But she'd called one of the girls in her class who had taken up an internship with them to ask about the firm, and they were hiring for a decent salary. So, she'd contacted them directly and they'd been thrilled and relieved to discover that the position was still available. She'd be starting on Monday.

Her phone had beeped during the call, and she'd pulled it from her ear long enough to look at the caller ID and see she had no intention of answering it. After she hung up, she saw the voicemail light on and debated listening to the message, deciding against it. It would only hurt more to hear Tyler's voice right now, especially if he was calling making excuses for what she had uncovered.

Hesitating for only a brief moment, she erased the message without listening to it, she decided to take a shower and try to relax. She pulled off her shirt and skirt, padding to the bathroom to turn on the faucet. When someone knocked on her door, she growled to herself. She'd forgotten what it was like to be home during the day, with salespeople knocking on the door constantly. Throwing a towel around her shoulders and holding it over her chest, she went to answer the second knock, opening the door just a crack so she could look out and tell whoever it was she wasn't interested. But when she popped the door open a crack, all words were lost, and she found herself staring into the piercing blue eyes that still managed to take her breath away.

There stood Tyler, square on her doorstep, his face inches from the door opening. He didn't speak, but his eyes told a story of confusion and pain. Valerie felt the butterflies flutter through her belly but taking a deep breath she found her voice long enough to question him.

"Tyler, what are you doing here?"

He shot her a look, more of a wince that spoke of his uncertainty.

"You just left without saying goodbye. Something had to have happened. Valerie? What's going on?"

She shook her head, her anger returning at his feigned innocence. "Nothing, Tyler. I just found a better offer and would rather work where I'm treated with respect."

She started to close the door in his face, but he pushed his palm against it, holding it open. "Valerie, talk to me. What the hell is wrong with you? Did I do something? Because I don't remember having said or done anything to piss you off."

She scowled at him. "Sometimes, it's the things you don't say." She tried to close the door again, to put space between them, but he was too strong.

Tyler didn't understand why she was so angry with him. Had one of his cousins told her something vile and untrue that would have her in such a mood? It was a logical explanation.

"Valerie, whatever those guys told you about me, or whatever you heard that has you so upset, I'm sorry. I just don't understand... please, talk to me."

She scoffed. "Oh, I don't blame your family at all. Who would want a fat piece of trash from the wrong side of the tracks poisoning the bloodline? Tyler, you should just leave. Just forget about it...about me."

He saw pain on her face and it broke his heart. He had to know why she would feel this way, had to know why everything that had been so incredibly wonderful only a few hours ago was suddenly turning to stone.

"Trash, Valerie. I wouldn't be with you if you were trash."

She raised an eyebrow at him, trying to hold back the tears that wanted to flow unhindered down her cheeks. "I'm not stupid, Tyler. I was an easy mark, right? Why? Because I'm not skinny like all of the girls at the office? Because you thought that maybe I hadn't dated in awhile and you'd come rushing in and sweep me off my feet? I'm not so desperate, Tyler - and regardless of what you or your family think of I'm a decent, kind person who deserves to be loved. Really loved. Not just a quick fix for a guy looking to secure his trust fund."

As realization set in, Tyler's eyes swirled grey, resentment for his father replacing the look of confusion with a look of pure hatred.

"Valerie, that was never my intention. I've bucked against that rule since it was put in place. I wasn't dating you to make my father happy. He very much disapproves of everything I do, so I stopped trying."

Valerie shook her head. "Is that why you took the job at the law firm? Is that why you're studying to take the bar? Tell me, Tyler, what is it you really wanted to do with your life? If you stopped trying to make your father happy, you would have gone ahead and joined a hockey team, wouldn't you? So, tell me why I should believe that you aren't using me?"

Tyler's face fell, and Valerie instinctively wanted to reach out and touch his cheek in comfort. But she held back, too angry still to show how much she actually cared. It was too late for that. She'd fallen for someone who had no real interest in her, and she sure as hell wasn't going to settle for that.

"I walked out, Valerie." He almost choked on the words, his emotions out of control. He was usually so passive, so laid back about everything. He never felt passionately about anything, even his adrenaline highs. He didn't understand the depth of emotion he swam in right now, and it threatened to drown him.

"I asked my father where you were, and when he told me you left, I told him I didn't care about the trust fund and walked out." She'd stopped holding the door, so he pushed it open further and stepped inside, closer to her. She squeezed the towel tightly around her, defensively, still eyeing him warily. "And when I left, I came straight here."

Valerie sighed. It sounded good, but how could it be the truth?

"Go back to work, Tyler. You'd hate your life without the money. You need it. You need the yacht, and the motorcycle, and the fast cars and all the finer things in life. You don't need me. And if it's the job you're worried about, I already have another one lined up. The joy of being at the top of your class is that everyone wants you."

But Tyler refused to listen. "I'm glad you found another job, if that's what you want. But something I've realized since I met you is that, with all the 'finer' things in life, I've never been more than content. I've never been on fire about anything I've ever done in my life, with the exception of hockey. That's the only thing I've ever been passionate about." He put a hand on her shoulder, and she twitched but didn't' pull away. "But I'm passionate about you. Valerie, you have changed my life. You're a beautiful, sexy, intelligent woman who deserves all the finer things in life herself. And I would rather be with you than have my father's money. I can make it in this world without him. As long as I have you."

Her lip trembling, Valerie stood there, a shiver running down her spine as he caressed her arm. She could feel the heat of his body radiating, and it twisted her insides. She hated how much she wanted him, how much she wanted to believe what he told her.

"Why would you walk away from such an easy, perfect life? It doesn't make any sense."

She stared up into his eyes, shining with intensity. "Valerie, I want you. Why is that so hard to believe? Can't you just believe me, give me a chance to prove it?" His hand snaked from her arm around her waist, tickling over the small of her back under the towel. His touch on her bare skin made her gasp, and her breath came in short pants.

"Prove it?" she whispered as he toyed with her spine. She stepped closer so their bodies almost touched. "How would you prove it?"

A crooked half smile, filled with mischief, curled his lips. "Well, first I'd start by making love to you because you truly are the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen." He leaned down and brushed his lips on the top of her ear and continued in a whisper, "Then I'd forget about the trust fund and focus instead on being with you. I'd make it my job to show you just how incredible you are. I know we barely know each other but there's something about you that has literally attached itself to my heart and it won't let go. I don't ever want it to let go. It's like my very soul is tethered to yours."

She couldn't hold back the moan of relief mixed with desire as his tongue drew a trail down her jaw line and to the corner of her mouth. She put her palms against his chest with the intention of pushing him away, but she lost the towel in the process, and his lips found her shoulder, nibbling and teasing, and she pressed against him. How could something that felt so right, so good, be wrong? She could feel his erection against her stomach and knew he wanted her.

Tyler felt her lift her head, and he turned to take her lips. He could taste her desire, the sweet honey of her as a woman. He dove into her, breathing her in and drinking of her, his hands roaming her body, touching as much of her skin as possible. When she reached for his shirt, he lifted his arms and broke the kiss long enough for her to pull it over his head, then preyed on her lips yet again, his tongue dancing with hers.

Despite her better judgment, Valerie let him back her toward the bedroom, then into the bathroom. The water roaring behind her from the shower spray was like a dull whine compared to the rush of blood to every extremity of her body as he lit her senses on fire.

She fumbled around, trying to help Tyler get his jeans off, but her hands wouldn't cooperate and he finally stayed them, holding them against her chest as he undressed. Valerie could have choked, literally, at the sight of his gorgeous erection, perfectly straight and pleading for her to touch it, to lick it, to let it gain relief inside of her.

Tyler was the only man with whom she'd ever felt secure enough to just reach out and touch him, regardless of her concerns regarding her size, her class, or anything else that got in the way. None of that mattered. Not anymore.

So now, as he held her hand while she stepped into the shower, she waited for him to join her and immediately reached out to grip his cock, watching his eyes roll back in his head as she used the water to lubricate him, slicking her hand up and down and around his head with tender but insistent motions. Tyler took one nipple in his mouth and began to suckle, nipping with his teeth and flicking with his tongue until Valerie screamed, nearly coming just from his light touch.

As she felt her body go loose, spineless, he used one hand to tease and play with her br**sts, rolling the round nipple between his finger and thumb until she thrust her br**sts toward him, begging him for even more attention. Instead, she found herself being forced to open up to his fingers, as he spread open her folds and stroked her clit, running circles around it and petting her with such expert, skillful fingers that her entire body convulsed even before he pushed two fingers deep inside of her.

"Tyler," she groaned, desperate for mercy.

With the water streaming over her skin and through her hair, Valerie let go of her inhibitions, and she grinded against his fingers as they found that internal button, doubling her pleasure as she felt waves of release roll over her like a crashing wave again and again. When she thought she couldn't bear anymore, Tyler pulled out, reaching around behind her and grabbing her ass. He lifted her up easily, and she wrapped her legs around him, pressing her to the slick, hot shower wall.

Tyler could no longer hold back. He had to be inside of her, and she was wet and ripe for the taking. With one stroke, he filled her with every inch of this girth, fighting to hold perfectly still as she writhed, her vag**al walls convulsing around him as he impaled her, trying to keep himself under control. He wanted to savor this, not let it get away from him. Every long, slow stroke brought them both closer, and he moaned out into her neck, her hot breath and sensuous pleading for more echoing in the shower stall.

He gave her what she wanted...needed...pushing his c*ck deep inside of her before pulling it out for a brief second, only to thrust his shaft back into her hot, velvet pocket. He moved in a maddening pace, his body betraying him as he struggled to deny himself release, knowing it would only heighten the reward in the end. This wasn't just about himself anymore - not like all of the others, this woman meant something to him and he wanted to make sure she was pleasured in every way.

"God, Tyler, please!" she begged, and finally, he gave in, suddenly switching to a violent frenzy of a rhythm that offered no mercy. He would claim her as his own, and leave her ravished and satisfied.

Valerie's back banged against the wall with rapid force as Tyler drove into her like a jackhammer, causing her p**sy to pulsate in a violent stream of orgasm after orgasm until she was entirely spent. She cried out his name, clawed at his shoulders, and screamed her pleasure in wordless throes of passion. It all culminated in a final moment, with Tyler pushing deep inside her with his own release, and her entire body buzzed as he exploded, just before they both went limp.

It took all of Tyler's willpower to keep holding Valerie up as the energy drained from his body. He was having difficulty breathing, and he could barely support his own body with wobbly legs. But he could tell Valerie wouldn't be able to stand, so finally, he lifted her from him, both of them groaning as he slid out of her, and helped her to balance herself against the wall. He leaned over her, kissing her deeply and thoroughly, his thirst quenched but his hunger for her never satisfied.

She looked up at him in wonder, her lids hooded so she had to strain to see properly, as he grabbed the body scrub and wash and began to lather her body with soap, washing her as if it was a kind of worship.

"Tyler, I..." She wasn't sure she was comfortable with it. After all, sex was one thing, but so many of the little imperfections, the curves she hated could go unnoticed there. In this incredibly intimate situation, there was nothing off limits, nothing that couldn't be seen.

"Shh," he told her, massaging her br**sts in circles with the sudsy material until she closed her eyes and moaned, feeling them grow heavy and her n**ples taut. And as he continued down her body, rubbing the soapy loofah between her legs, over her wet folds, cleaning off their sex, it was all she could do not to get excited for him all over again.

When he was finished, Valerie felt invigorated, as if she'd come back from the dead, and she lathered her hair and rinsed while he finished cleaning himself off, and stepped out of the shower to dry and dress. When she was done, she didn't want to come out of the shower without being wrapped in a towel, but she thought better of her shyness and threw the curtain open to find Tyler watching her like a predator waiting for his prey to tire out so he could strike.

"I suppose I should let you finish your routine in peace," he offered, though he wanted nothing more right now than to watch her every move, then throw her in her bed and take her again, over and over, until he'd wrung both of them completely dry and they shriveled up.

Valerie shrugged, suddenly not caring that he was here as she began to towel off her hair, leaving her body fully exposed to him. It was almost fun, like teasing, and she smiled to herself. Tyler couldn't take his eyes away from her, releasing a deep breath that rolled in a soft whistle.

"Valerie, I'm crazy about you. But are you sure that you're ready for this?"

"Of course I'm sure."

Tyler nodded. He knew what he wanted, what he felt for Valerie but he didn't want her getting involved in anything that she wasn't sure about. He knew just how crazy his family could be.

"So you don't want to slow down a bit? Take our time in feeling all of... this... out?"

Valerie smiled. She didn't have to even think about it. "Absolutely not."

He chuckled, his eyes sparkling with desire. "Good answer."

He kissed her softly, drawing her into his arms in a tight embrace until she pushed against him with a giggle, forcing him to release her so she could finish dressing.

* * *

"So, are you going racing tonight?" Valerie asked, sitting in the passenger seat of Tyler's car.

"I am. Do you want to join me?" He sounded excited at the prospect, and while the idea of bike and car racing really frightened Valerie, she didn't want to disappoint him.

With a tentative smile, she said, "Sure. But I'm sure it's going to get cool, so if you don't mind, I'd like to stop by my place and at least grab a hoodie."

He complied, and then they were off. The crowd gathered made Valerie extremely uncomfortable, most of them, much like Tyler, the kind of people who had everything handed to them and had used money provided by their parents to build their racing machines. And as Tyler introduced her to several of his friends and competition, she felt the superiority complex most of them harbored. She felt unwelcomed and out of place, even with Tyler holding her hand, and as he prepared for his race, she wished she'd just gone home.

"I'll be back in just a couple of minutes. You're okay, right?" he asked, kissing her forehead.

"I'm fine. Go win this." It was a complete lie; she hated the idea of being alone, surrounded by people in a completely different class from herself, but what choice did she have now? So, she stood there, hugging herself tightly as she watched the race begin. She focused on the cars and held her breath as Tyler took a small lead, then let it out with a cry of triumph as he crossed the finish line first. As promised, he was back in moments, hugging her and celebrating as he collected his winnings.

He'd wanted to go another round, but he could tell that Valerie's stress level was through the roof. He wasn't sure why, but he decided it needed to be an early night, and he needed to get her home. "Come on, let's go."

She frowned at him in question. "Where are we going?"

"Your place. I just won three grand. I think that's a big enough taking for one night." Punctuating each statement with a kiss, he continued, "I want to take you home. And take you to bed. And make love to you. Until neither one of us has the strength to lift a finger."

Just the thought made everything inside Valerie clench and cry out for Tyler's touch, and she wasn't about to argue. Letting him guide her to where he'd left the car with an arm securely fastened around her waist, she leaned into him, drowning herself in the scent of his aftershave and realizing that, at least for now, she would get to fall asleep and wake up with that smell and the feel of his warm, luscious body next to hers.

If it were her choice, they'd probably spend the next week in bed, testing every position imaginable, tasting every inch of each other, but then again, she had to get to work, and she didn't want to distract Tyler from the job hunt either. She had no idea what direction he intended to go, but Valerie had a few ideas of her own about that.

In the meantime, she'd take what she could get, and it was Friday night. They had all weekend to explore each other's bodies. And they would start tonight.

* * *

Three months later...

Groaning and stretching as the alarm went off, Valerie rolled over and kissed Tyler on the cheek. "Hey, working man, it's time for you to get up, too."

Tyler grumbled as he threw back the covers and rolled to a sitting position, rubbing his eyes. In all honesty, he didn't really need a day job. He was making more than enough money racing, and he was hoping that the audition with the minor league hockey team this weekend would go well. However, he had no way to account for his earnings legally, and so he figured this was the easiest way.

While Tyler wasn't exactly excited at the prospect of being a lawyer, he also knew that hockey and racing weren't things he could count on forever, and as he started to age, he'd need something to fall back on.

He stood, walked around the bed, and kissed Valerie as she, too, sat up and stuffed her feet into her slippers, then headed to the kitchen to brew some coffee. He heard the shower start and almost laughed at how quickly he'd fallen into a comfortable routine.

He sat down at the kitchen table, his eyes still bleary and his body stiff. They'd had a good round of sex last night, and then he'd slept like the dead. Sex was a great workout, but he was slacking, hadn't been to the gym because it was just easier to avoid old crowds. He needed to set up somewhere else, stay on top of his game, especially if he expected to survive this tryout on Saturday.

As he thought about how Valerie had prodded him into making that appointment, he felt an incredible tenderness toward her that went beyond love. Of course he loved her; he'd never felt this way about anyone. But he also respected and virtually worshipped her. She thought of him constantly and wanted him to be happy. And he wanted to make her happy.

Which was why he'd bought a ring but had not proposed.

Tyler knew that Valerie really had no idea as to the depth of his feelings for her. It seemed as though no matter how much he tried to show her how important she was to him, she was always second-guessing herself. She felt unworthy, and he wanted more than anything to be with her for the rest of his life. He figured there was no better way to prove that than to ask her to be his wife.

At the same time, he feared she would assume his proposal was simply to fulfill the obligations his father had set forth so he could take possession of the trust fund. Which wasn't the case. After all, he'd been happier these last few months with her and his own money than he ever had living on his father's dime.

"Why so glum?" Wrapped in her terrycloth robe, Valerie breezed into the kitchen, startling him and interrupting his internal musing. He gave her a quick smile and shook his head, getting up to pour coffee for the both of them.

Valerie didn't miss the way he ignored the question. There was something on Tyler's mind, and it frightened her. He'd been lost in thought a lot over the past couple of weeks, and she could only imagine what it could be about. Likely, he was becoming bored and restless with the same routine every day, the same woman in his bed. She had hoped this whole hockey thing would drag him out of whatever inner turmoil he faced, but it didn't look like he even cared about that anymore.

He hadn't mentioned the tryout since he'd set the appointment.

She was losing him, and she knew it, but she needed to make the effort, for her own sanity. He was worth fighting for - they were worth fighting for, even though deep down she knew that she had little to offer him that he couldn't get from someone else.

She wrapped the robe tighter around her waist as she sat across from him, thinking about just how average she was compared to the women that he was used to dating before her. She didn't present the image that fit with him and what he was expected to be attracted to. In return she didn't have the same interests that he had although they could laugh for hours, when it came to racing she cringed each time he drug her along. The only thing they did particularly well together was sex, and while that aspect of their relationship was phenomenal, Valerie felt Tyler drawing back.

Sex wasn't a relationship; they could have sex and not live together, not be a couple. People did it all the time. It didn't mean they had feelings for each other.

But somewhere along the way, Valerie had allowed herself to fall madly, deeply, hopelessly in love with Tyler. He treated her with respect and kindness, and he brightened a room with his smile. He was adventurous, and sometimes she lived vicariously through the stories he told about the things he'd done, even through his races and, she'd hoped, through him being drafted to the minor league hockey team.

With a deep breath that burned as her heart broke, she looked at Tyler, who had placed a cup of coffee and a plate with toast slathered with butter and jelly the way she liked it in front of her. "You aren't happy, are you?"

Tyler frowned at her. "Why would you say that?" he asked through a mouthful of his own toast.

She shook her head. "Don't pretend, Tyler. This isn't the lifestyle you're used to. I don't have a yacht, I don't have parties with rich friends, and I'm not adventurous. I'm not even that pretty. I could certainly stand to lose a few pounds, at least, and maybe start going to the hairdresser and a nail salon."

Hating how she always beat herself up, Tyler reached out and caressed her hand, running his thumb specifically over her nails. "Valerie, I love the way you look. You are gorgeous and sexy with curves in the right places. You're reasonable rather than high maintenance. There's a reason I've never spent much time dating. I hate phony, superficial people, and all the women I met through my father and his friends were fakes. Everything about them was plastic."

He leaned forward. "No, this isn't the lifestyle I'm used to, but I hated my life. I really, really enjoy this life with you." He gestured around the apartment. "This place is cozy, and more than enough for me. Getting up and making coffee and toast, spending a few minutes in the morning with someone that I cherish...those are things I never thought I'd be able to enjoy."

His words struck her, and Valerie felt tears prickle her eyes. He said he cherished her. That was beautiful, and it touched her. Of course, it still didn't mean he was in love with her. "Are you sure you're okay with settling down like this?"

There was a mischievous twinkle in his eye as he responded. "Sweetheart, neither of us is ever going to 'settle' for anything, especially down. But yes, I've more than okay with this arrangement. I'm thrilled that you let me be a part of your life." He stood, pulling her to her feet and kissing her fully on the lips with her body pressed to his. "I wouldn't want it any other way, Valerie," he whispered against her lips. "Now, if you'll excuse me. I have to climb in the shower, or I'll make us both late to work."

* * *

With giddy excitement, Valerie sat outside the rink, awaiting Tyler's return. She wasn't the biggest hockey fan, but in her opinion, he'd looked amazing on the ice, and she would have thought he was a professional player already. Like, NHL worthy. She nibbled her thumbnail, wishing he would come out already and not leave her hanging so long. Supposedly, he was supposed to talk to the coach, get his feedback, and then leave.

That had been almost forty minutes ago, when he'd skated by the side of the hockey rink and given her a kiss. Now, she couldn't imagine what was going on inside and only hoped that, maybe, they were signing some papers and setting him up with a locker.

Starting to lose her confidence in this decision, she worried at strands of her hair that blew around in the breeze, defiantly escaping the braid down her back. Maybe she shouldn't have pushed Tyler so hard. After all, maybe he'd given up on this as a career goal long ago and his heart wasn't in it anymore. For all she knew, this whole day was causing him pain.

But he'd looked so confident out there on the ice, and the glimpses she had of his face showed her pure, unadulterated joy. Of course, there was always the chance they wouldn't take him, but with the talent he showed, that seemed like an extremely remote possibility, even though this seemed to be taking forever.

And second guessing herself had always gotten Valerie in trouble.

She sucked in a deep breath as Tyler finally emerged from the door to the locker rooms and held that breath as he walked toward her, a deep scowl on his face. Her heart sank. What the hell could have happened? This was perfect, and it was supposed to work out.

She stood, ready to offer comfort as he approached, but instead, he dropped his bag on the ground and pulled her into a bear hug, swinging her around and chuckling in her ear. "I had you going for a second, didn't I?" he asked, setting her down and kissing her forehead, both cheeks, and finally, her lips.

She giggled. "You, sir, are an ass. You had me thinking it was the end of the world."

He scoffed. "With the measly money their offering, it just might be." A worried expression furrowed his brow as he stared down at her. "I'm serious, you know. This isn't the ideal job for most people. There's a lot of overnight travel involved, and it pays shit money. I'd still be racing to get us the money we need to have a good time."

Valerie waved her hand and made a face, letting him know it was no big deal. "The nights apart are going to be harder than the money. Trust me, I've lived with much less in my life."

Tyler watched her eyes grow bright, and he could feel her pride in him and her happiness for him. He'd accomplished his dream. Maybe he wasn't in the NHL, but that could still happen. He was young and healthy, and he could very well end up with a long, satisfying sports career. The truth was, he just wanted to play hockey, and even if the money sucked, he was now a professional hockey player.

And it was all because of Valerie. She was so supportive, he didn't even know how to react to her.

"That could be a problem for me, too. Maybe you could come along on some of the trips? We could travel together, and that way, after a game, I can enjoy the beautiful woman of my dreams in my bed."

That sounded like heaven to Valerie. She gave him her most winning smile. "And maybe you can have that woman twice if you win." She nuzzled his neck and sighed with contentment before pulling away and looking up at him. "So, I've planned a little celebration. I hope you don't mind."

He raised an eyebrow, taken off guard. "Oh, really? And just what did you have in mind?"

Her eyes twinkling with mischief, she told him, "It's a surprise. Now, hand over the keys and let me drive." If she thought the idea of handing over the keys to his sports car would rankle him, she was wrong, and, anxious to see what her plan was, he tossed them to her without protest or hesitation. With a bounce in her step, she started toward the car, and he shouldered his bag to follow behind her.

* * *

Tyler couldn't remember the last time he'd eaten in a sports bar, but it had been far too long. "Would you like to eat in a booth or at the bar?" Valerie asked over the buzz of the place.

He shrugged. "Doesn't matter to me. Whatever makes you more comfortable."

She led the way to a table in the bar, and they took a seat on the tall stools next to each other, facing one of the large screen televisions mounted around them. Wondering what difference the time mattered as Valerie checked it on her phone before dropping it into her purse, he squinted at her suspiciously. "Are we meeting someone here?"

"No." She shook her head and continued to stare at the television, not even looking his direction. He followed her gaze and found a commercial, making him want to hurl something into her line of vision to try to get her attention. Instead, he attempted to be subtle in checking his watch, which showed him it was a few minutes before five. It was his turn to worry about the end of the world.

He watched Valerie intently, even as they ordered their drinks, and slowly, a small smile crept over her face. Tyler started to elbow her and demand an explanation for why she was ignoring him, but he heard an announcer and turned to the television, finding the major league regional hockey game on. He started laughing, and she cracked up. "Is this what you were planning?"

She scrunched up her face. "Well, this is part of it. I hope you like it. I just know it's something we haven't done, and it seems an appropriate way to celebrate this specific occasion."

He agreed wholeheartedly. "You are amazing, Valerie. So, what's the other part?"

She hesitated. She hadn't wanted to give the rest of it to him till after dinner, but he wouldn't wait. So, she reached back into her purse and pulled out a business card, handing it to Tyler. He looked at it for a moment, then gazed at her quizzically before returning to the card, which held only a name and a phone number.

"What's this for, Valerie?"

"I noticed your skates needed a little work. So, that guy is one of the best locals in the business. He's going to sharpen your blades, clean up the leather, and customize them for the team. He's also going to duplicate them so you have a second pair, just in case."

Tyler blinked at her in awe. For someone who didn't really know or care too much about sports, Valerie sure had an eye for detail. Not that getting this done would have been a huge expense for him, but it was the fact that she had invested enough interest to understand the importance to him. It touched him how considerate she was of his needs and how selfless she could be.

"I don't know what to say, Valerie. Thank you. This means much, much more to me than you know." He hugged her tight to him, and he wondered if now would be the time...

No, it definitely wasn't. But there was something he could offer. "Valerie..." He trailed off. He'd never been in this situation before, and he didn't want to come off the wrong way. Closing his eyes for a moment to gather his wits, he continued, "Valerie, I don't think you'll ever understand how important you are to me. I don't think I could live without you now."

Blushing, she answered in a playful tone, "You sure are easy to please."

"No, I'm not actually. I've never been more content than I am with you." Her smile faded, and he tucked a lone strand of hair behind her ear as he looked her straight in the eye. "And that's because I love you."

It was the first time he'd spoken the words, and it caught Valerie off guard. She felt lightheaded and dizzy, but she smiled wide, her heart beating hard in her chest.

"I love you, too, Tyler. So much. I just want to make you happy."

Kissing her softly but with all the deep emotion he felt toward her, Tyler stroked her cheek with his thumb. "Valerie, you always make me happy. Just you. And that's never going to change."

Valerie prayed that it didn't and clung to that desperate hope as they ordered, ate, shouted at the game, and discussed the logistics of Tyler traveling a lot and what the future held in store. Valerie hated the idea of him being away so much, but she wanted him to have all his dreams come true, and she would do anything she had to, sacrifice anything including time with him, to assure he got what others had denied him.

* * *

No sooner were they through the door when Tyler flipped the lock in place, pushing Valerie against the wall and kissing her fiercely, his hands roaming wildly over every part of her body. He pawed at her clothes, and she frantically peeled them off. As he kissed and nibbled at her neck, she asked breathlessly, "Tell me what you want."

Gritting his teeth against her neck, his hot breath washing against her soft skin, Tyler whispered his desires, his voice a low growl that was filled with passion.

"You."

Having her nak*d in his arms drove him wild, and he could think of nothing more than feeling his c*ck pushing inside of her, uniting them once more, as he felt her walls wrapped tightly about his shaft. Carefully, he used his knees to spread her legs wide, and she gasped knowing that he was beyond the point of no return. He would have her entirely.

Without words he nibbled her neck and shoulder bone, working his way down to her hardened pink n**ples, his hands gripping her middle back before dropping lower to her waist. Soon he was down on his knees, his mouth only inches away from her softness, desperate to taste her.

Slowly, achingly slowly - he moved, his hot wet tongue inching closer to her cl*t in broad, fluttered strokes. He pushed her thighs apart, giving him full reign of her bubblegum pink clit, as he licked warm wet circles around it, suckling it carefully - quietly, before sliding two fingers deep inside of her.

"oh...OH!" Valerie screamed, her voice filled with aching need. She threw her head back, pressing her body firmly against the wall as the first orgasm rumbled through her body, making ever square inch of her burn and tingle.

It wasn't enough for her. Valerie wanted to take from him, but she wanted to do it her way, and though she held on, her hands fisted in his hair, through another explosion, she finally used her grip on him to pull his head back from between her thighs. When she looked down and caught his hooded gaze, she moaned and told him in a hoarse voice,

"My turn."

Tyler loved when Valerie took the initiative and rode him. She was like a wild animal, bucking and crying as she took her own pleasure from him. But she surprised him now. Rather than throwing her legs over him and settling herself so she could draw his thick shaft deep inside her, she lowered herself to the ground and took the head of his c*ck in her mouth.

Hissing in pure bliss, Tyler could barely keep his eyes open to watch her as she licked from his base all the way to the tip and back, over and over again, before her lips closed around the thick wet head of his c*ck and sucked it in. He could have came in her mouth immediately, but he wanted more, and he could tell she wasn't ready to stop. He lightly palmed the back of her head as she bobbed up and down, taking him as deep as she could toward her throat, over and over again.

The sensation in Valerie's mouth drove her crazy. The softness of the skin on the head of his perfect c*ck directly contrasted the hard thrust and size of the shaft, and she wanted to touch herself, feel her own wetness as she reveled in the taste of him. But this was all about his pleasure, and she wanted to focus only on him right now.

She cupped his balls carefully in her fingertips as she continued licking his shaft, but her arms were suddenly pulled away without warning and in seconds Tyler's hands were wrapped tightly around her waist, lifting her and placing her on top of him, and he entered her in one smooth, satisfying thrust that had them both struggling to catch their breath. The tightness, the deep connection and pure desire between a wanton woman and a passionate, loving man nearly drove them to the edge of glory.

Slowly, Valerie started to move up and down on his cock, the slight friction building as she reveled in the heat from his core mixing with the thickness of his shaft that filled her up and stretched her walls until they convulsed over and over, one orgasm blooming as another faded so she couldn't tell where they began and ended.

Tyler couldn't take much more as he felt Valerie coming over and over again, her body trembling, her inner walls pressing hard around him and threatening to choke him if he didn't come. He squeezed her br**sts, teased her n**ples, trying to distract himself, but her cries only grew louder as her pleasure intensified. Finally, he grabbed her h*ps and held her tight as he drove one last, deep stroke into her before exploding deep inside of her p**sy. His h*ps bucked wildly at the release, it was so intense, and Valerie panted and screamed as her convulsions came quicker and harder around him.

Finally, she collapsed on top of him, and as he ran his fingertips gently down her spine, he could feel the aftershocks going through her, still wringing every last bit of pleasure out of the both of them. When she sat back up, her hair was sweaty and tangled in her face, and her lids were hooded with afterglow, but her smile was sensual, enticing.

"That, my love, was the most incredible experience I think I've ever had."

"I could say the same to you," he told her, his words slurred with complete rapture.

He gently rolled her to the side, and drew her against him, their bodies and skin flush to each other. He held her, his mouth so close to hers that a deep breath would have had their lips touching. "You are the most beautiful woman I've ever known, and I would do anything to make you happy."

With a soft, tender smile, she told him, "I just want you to love me. That's what will make me happy."

He raised an eyebrow. "That's easy, then. There should be no happier woman in the world, as much love as I have for you."

* * *

Tyler hadn't been joking about the brutal hockey schedule, and it was starting to weigh on Valerie. She didn't sleep well when he wasn't home, and she'd been busy at work, so this was the first time in over a month since he'd been recruited that she'd been able to travel with him. She sat in the stands, watching the game and cheering with the crowd, loving the fact that Tyler's team was shutting out their opponents, 4-0.

But she was also tired and hungry. She'd come straight from the airport, not wanting to miss any of the game. She loved watching him play, and knew that it was truly what he was meant to do.

Not to mention the rigorous daily workout did beautiful things to his already hard body.

Another shot, with Tyler's assist, and another score. She stood, hands in the air, cheering again, but stopped mid-cry as the crowd booed and she felt like the ground dropped out from under her. One of the players from the opposing team rammed Tyler from the side after the completion of the play, his stick angled at Tyler's knee, and she watched in horror as the knee bent at an odd angle and Tyler went tumbling to the ground.

She waited for a moment, covering her mouth with her hands and praying he wasn't badly injured, but when the trainer headed onto the ice, she started shoving her way through the people blocking her way and ran up and around, finding the private entrance to the locker rooms blocked by security.

Tyler had told her the guards would have a list of people they could let through, and she stuttered. "Valerie... I'm with Tyler Princeton."

The guard radioed something to someone inside, but Valerie's ears were buzzing, and she was too worried to pay attention. Finally, he nodded and told her, "Follow me."

She rushed after the long-legged guard. Under other circumstances, she would have grumbled about not being able to keep up, but now, he couldn't possibly move fast enough to get her where she wanted to be. She didn't even know if whatever medical personnel would allow her to be in the room with Tyler, but she was damn well going to find out. And she would at least be waiting right outside.

The coach smiled at her when Valerie reached the outside of the locker room, but the crinkles at the corners of his eyes were missing...he wasn't happy at all. "Hey, Valerie, he's okay. He's in a little pain, but the medic's working on that first so we can figure out what kind of damage we're looking at."

The coach put a hand on her shoulder, and Valerie was glad she'd made the effort to get to know him and some of Tyler's teammates. She was a little relieved to be talking to someone who at least had a familiar face and knew Tyler. "When can I see him?"

"I'll get you in as soon as I can, okay? I have to get back out to the ice. We've still got two periods to play, and I have to be out there. But I'll leave word with the trainer to come get you as soon as he can convince the doc to clear it."

The wait was long and gut wrenching, but finally, the door opened, and the trainer motioned her in. Tyler lay across the medical bench, his face pale and his eyes closed, though his muscles were still tense and she could read the pain on him. "Tyler?"

He reached out a hand, wanting nothing more than to touch Valerie. The instant he felt her hand in his, some of the pain regressed, and the tension in his body relaxed ever so slightly. Taking a deep breath, he opened his eyes and smiled at her. "Hey, love." He winced as a pain shot through his knee, but recovered quickly, not wanting to dwell on how badly he hurt, even after the pain meds. "How bad did it look from where you were sitting? Was I at least graceful when I fell?"

She let out a small chuckle. "Not really. It looked like you'd been shot." She cleared her throat, and Tyler saw the worry in her eyes that he'd been hoping to avoid. "How bad is it, Tyler? Did you tear something? Break something?"

He shrugged. "If I'm lucky, then I just pulled the ACL. We'll have to get an MRI to see if it's torn." He saw the alarm as her eyes grew wide, and he reached up to caress her cheek. Valerie may not know a lot about sports, but she understood that terminology at least. "Look, whatever it is, we'll deal with it, right? If it's pulled, I'm out for about three weeks. If it's torn...I have surgery and see where it goes from here."

Valerie didn't know what to say. If, in fact, he had to have surgery on his ACL, that would be the end of a career that had just started for him, one that he'd dreamed of all his life. And that could be completely devastating. "So, do I get to take you out of here and get you in for your scan?"

He nodded. "I just want to stick it out in here through the game, say goodnight to the guys when they come in, and then we'll go. I want you to stay with me." Really, he feared this would be the last time he'd be in a locker room, with other players chasing the dream like him. He also realized that this particular injury on his right knee could very well affect his driving and make racing more difficult. But he would handle it like a man, stay together, and not act like a child who'd lost everything.

He still had Valerie, and that was what really mattered.

His cell phone rang, and he frowned. Tyler couldn't remember having grabbed it, but apparently he'd asked for it when they brought him in, most likely to call Valerie if she wasn't already there. Looking at the caller ID, he nearly choked. "Great. What the hell is my father doing calling me at all, much less right now?"

Valerie raised an eyebrow. "Are you going to answer it?"

He scowled and almost said no, but for some reason, he felt the compulsion to torture himself, kick his ego while he was already down. He pressed the 'talk' button and raised the receiver to his ear. "Hello?"

"If you think I haven't followed you over these last months, you're wrong. I know what happened out there today, Tyler, and I hope you finally realize how irresponsible it was to even think about chasing your so-called dream. Are you done with it now? Now that your body says no?"

Anger exploded in Tyler's chest, whether because his father had been keeping an eye on him and waiting for him to fail, or because the man had called to rub it in before anyone even knew the extent of the damage, he wasn't sure. "I don't expect much from you, old man, but this is an all time low. I'm lying here not even sure what is going on and this is all you care about? Being right? Making sure that I finally give up? Give into what you want for me?"

He leaned back, closing his eyes and trying to gain control of his emotions. "Look, Dad, this is over. This whole relationship where you think you can still tell me how to live my life. I'm a grown man now, and no longer under your thumb. Live your life and I'll live mine."

There was silence at the other end of the line except for heavy breathing. He'd really pissed the old man off. Finally, his father told him, "If you drop this insanity, I will still hold to the terms of our agreement. You come back to the firm, take the bar exam and pass, and you get your trust fund. One condition will change. You don't have to get married. I should have known better than to push that, especially when it drove you into the arms of someone like that girl you are with."

Seething, Tyler shook his head. "She's better than you'll ever be, Dad. She's better than the both of us." He hung up and tossed the phone across the locker room with a cry of rage.

* * *

Valerie stood outside the hospital room as the doctor broke the news, having already heard it herself and wanting to give Tyler time to absorb it before she joined him. There was no screaming, no denial that she heard, and when the doctor came out he nodded to her and motioned for her to go inside. "He's asking for you."

"Thank you, Doctor." She moved through the door, shutting it behind her, and tentatively peeked around the corner to where Tyler lay in the hospital bed, his leg in a brace from mid-thigh down. She smiled at him. "Well?"

His expression was dark, but she knew it didn't reflect on her. "I'm sure you heard it destroyed my ACL. Even with surgery and physical therapy, my hockey days are over." He shook his head and reached out to her. She hurried toward his side and took it, stroking the back of his hand with her thumb.

Taking a deep breath, she told him, "Listen, Tyler, I've been thinking..." This time, his scowl was aimed at her, and Valerie assumed he could sense she was going to say something he wouldn't like. "Just give me a minute and hear me out." She braced herself and let the words spill. "I think you should take your father up on his offer. You'll get the best medical care, the best of everything. And lots of opportunity for the future."

Tyler was visibly aggravated. Maybe what had really happened on the rink was a body check that had slammed his head around and knocked him unconscious. "What are you talking about, Valerie? Are you telling me you don't want to be with me anymore, now that I'm useless?"

"No!" Dammit, he was taking this all the wrong way. "I'm saying that you have better options open to you than what I can give you. And for your happiness, I think you should consider taking those options." It broke her heart to tell him that. The last thing she wanted was to lose him. But honestly, she knew it would be best for him, and in the end, no matter how much she hurt, she just wanted him to be okay. She'd go on, as she always had, alone.

Rage burst in Tyler's chest. He'd been feeling sorry for himself for a split second, but now it was pure anger that took over his thoughts.

"Valerie. I told you before, I'd rather be with you and give up everything else than lose you at any price. Why can't you accept that?"

Valerie swallowed, trying not to cry. "Tyler, it's all fine and good to have good intentions and be idealistic, but that's not how life is. It's time to look at reality and know that you'll never get anywhere if you stay with me. I love you, so much that it's killing me to say this to you, but I also love you enough to let you go so you can be happy."

Tyler tightened his grip on Valerie's hand, just in case she tried to walk away. He wouldn't have it, not today, not ever.

"If you leave me now, I will never forgive you." He reached up with his other hand and cupped her cheek, and she instinctively leaned into his touch. "I'm crazy in love with you, Valerie, and I'm determined to stay with you. I won't take what my dad offers because he doesn't accept you. And the only reason I didn't ask you to marry me months ago is because I was afraid you'd still think I was using you to get the trust fund. I want to spend the rest of my life with you, even if we live in a hovel with old beaters for cars."

While she appreciated all his words, Valerie focused on one thing. "You want to marry me?" Her voice came out smaller and meeker than she'd intended, and it made her blush.

With a deep, warm chuckle, Tyler kissed the back of her hand. "Yes, Valerie, I would be honored if you would be my wife." He frowned. "I just wish I had the ring on me."

She gaped at him. "You have a ring?"

"I've had one for quite a while. So, are you going to give me an answer?" he teased.

Swallowing past the lump in her throat, Valerie nodded, wishing she could stop the tears that were about to run down her face.

"Are you sure this is what you want?"

He narrowed his eyes at her. "Don't you get it yet? I'm in love with you, Valerie. And that's all that matters." He pulled her closer so he could reach her face and kiss her solidly. "Trust me, you are the perfect woman for me."

* * *

The next few weeks proved difficult, with Tyler completely out of commission, having surgery and going into his first physical therapy sessions. Valerie was exhausted, going to work and running him back and forth to the therapist's office as well as checkups and still trying to maintain the house. She couldn't even begin to think about a wedding or getting married, though she absolutely adored the ring. And it was making it hard on her to appreciate her relationship. There had been no sex for a few weeks while they worked on Tyler's recovery. One night she found him waiting for her in the dimly lit foyer when she arrived home from work, a devilish grin planted on his face.

His touch went a long way, and Valerie couldn't even think about how long it had been since they'd been this intimate. Their relationship, like any that are worth keeping, was going to take some work, but she certainly didn't want to lose what they'd built together before Tyler had been injured. It was too good to let it slip away.

Leaning back she reached for his face and kissed him, deep and with all the longing she'd put aside as she'd run herself ragged for the last several weeks. She wanted to jump into his arms but knew his knee wouldn't support her weight so, rather, pulled out of his arms, grabbed his hand, and led him to the bedroom. She undressed him while he kissed her neck and shoulders, making it hard for her to undo the buttons on his shirt. His c*ck was ready and waiting as she pulled her own clothes off and threw them on the floor next to his.

With urgency, she crawled on top of him and rubbed herself over the full length of his shaft, watching him shiver at the sensation. He reached up and grabbed her hair, pulling her into a fierce kiss as he massaged her breast with his free hand and rolled her nipple between his fingers. Valerie moaned and couldn't wait any longer. With a smug smile and a wave of pleasure, she lowered herself onto him, sheathing him completely inside of her and reveling in the incredible slippery friction of the motion of her body heaving against his broad, muscular frame.

Tyler reached for her h*ps and began to lift her, rocking her on him in quick thrust movements. She let him control her body, to move her however he wished as her orgasm built and crested into a screaming wave of ecstasy. And just when she thought she couldn't take anymore, he released his hold on her, reaching down to tease her cl*t with lingering circles that drew a completely different cry of desire from her.

Tyler gritted his teeth, barely able to contain himself, but he wanted to bring her to orgasm one more time, and he fondled her cleft with quicker, sharper motions until her whole body shivered and she nearly collapsed on him. Only then did he drive deep inside her with an animalistic cry and knowing she was sated, he allowed himself to ride the wave of desire, his hunger spilling inside of her within seconds.

They lay together for a long time, their sweat-soaked bodies spent and sated as they breathed in rhythm with one another.

* * *

Tyler was back at the law firm where he and Valerie had worked within a week, and it went a long way in helping him regain his confidence. Getting to the therapist wasn't nearly as much of a race against time, since they could go straight from the office, and that also meant more time together, just to talk and enjoy each other's company.

On weekends, Valerie helped Tyler finish studying for the bar, and as his limp subsided, he started racing again. The income was better, and when he passed the bar exam, they celebrated with a weekend away in the mountains.

There were several times when Tyler wanted to bring up the fact that they had yet to even start planning the wedding, but he felt maybe, with all that they had to deal with, that he probably shouldn't say anything to push Valerie just yet.

Valerie could see the positive change in Tyler, and he only glowed more when the law firm offered him a position as a court attorney. He quickly accepted, and Valerie wanted to jump for joy. However, she had something else on her mind, something that she'd been waiting for the right moment to talk about. So, as they sat at dinner, eating steaks and baked potatoes as a small celebration of what they were calling a promotion, she steeled herself for the conversation and looked at Tyler.

"How are you feeling now?" she asked hesitantly.

But Tyler obviously saw right through it, narrowing his eyes suspiciously at her.

"I'm doing great. Is something wrong?"

She shrugged. "No, no. Nothing's wrong. I just wondered what you were thinking about in terms of this whole marriage thing. Are we ready to set a date or talk about it, or are you feeling hesitant about it now, after everything?"

With a laugh of pure happiness, he shook his head. "I've been wanting to talk to you about it for awhile, I just thought it was never the right time - with so much going on. If you're ready though, I'm definitely ready."

Valerie smiled, feeling encouraged. But she had more to say. "I'm glad to hear that. I was really sort of nervous that maybe you'd decided you didn't want to be with me, or tie yourself down, or have a family?" She put emphasis on the last word, waiting for his reaction, but he looked confused.

"We hadn't talked about family yet, but Valerie, I want to spend the rest of my life with you, so of course I want to start a family with you one day."

Tyler sliced off another bite of his steak, wondering why Valerie was being so insecure tonight. Something was obviously on her mind but he knew not to push her, to just let her open up on her own.

"Well, what if that family started now?"

Tyler looked up at Valerie, not raising his head, just lifting his chin and meeting her gaze with the wide-eyed deer in headlights look.

"Valerie? ... What are you saying?"

With a giggle, she looked over to him, her eyes lit up in a blue swirl of excitement mixed with something else and he finally identified what it was - fear.

"I'm pregnant."

Silence.

"You're pregnant..." The muscles in his jaw started to twitch, and Valerie sat, prepared for him to be angry or upset. But within seconds, he was around the table, pulling Valerie to her feet and hugging her so tightly she could barely breathe.

"Oh my God, Valerie!" He kissed her softly, his hands cupping her face before dropping to her stomach in a protective stance. "You're having my baby?"

Valerie nodded. "Yes... I am."

Tyler leaned down to nuzzle her neck, and Valerie felt her heart leap and the butterflies in her stomach fluttered in a melody of relief and joy. Finally Tyler lifted his head and Valerie saw that his eyes were glistening in a stain that she recognized as pure love and it nearly took her breath away.

"I love you, Valerie," he whispered softly. "I've loved you from the very first time that I saw you... and I'll never, ever stop."

Valerie wrapped her arms around Tyler's neck, her eyes locked onto the man that she knew she would love for the rest of her life.

"Forever?" she replied, wanting to stay in the moment forever. She closed her eyes, feeling him leaning in, his warm breath fluttering against her earlobe.

"Forever." He replied.

She felt Tyler's soft lips curve against hers, and the world faded away.

