CHAPTER 1

"STATUS," Steele said in low tones.

His receiver crackled in his ear and P.J. Rutherford's response was immediate.

"No shot yet. Repeat, no clear shot. Give me two minutes to reposition. I'll get him."

Steele's gaze swept the guard towers and simmered with impatience. They were fifteen minutes past go time and the extrication chopper would land in forty-five. Which gave them almost no time to get in, grab the girl and get out.

He wasn't entirely certain this chick wanted out, but her parents were paying KGI a mint to go in and wrest her from the grasp of Matteo Garza. During three days of round-the-clock surveillance, it had not appeared to Steele that Christina Westlake was in any sort of distress. She'd pranced around in a thong and bikini top and five-inch heels, laughing and smiling and looking smugly content. He just hoped to hell she was wearing sensible shoes today because running would be a bitch in the stilettos and he needed her steady on her feet.

"Make it fast, P.J.," Steele growled. "We're on a timetable here."

"Cool your jets, boss man," Cole drawled. "My girl will get the job done."

Steele rolled his eyes, and he knew damn well P.J. was doing the same. He'd suffer more bickering from the two newlyweds as soon as the mission was completed. P.J. would remove Cole's balls for that remark.

"Any sign of our target?" Dolphin broke in. "I haven't seen her in half an hour. Thought she was supposed to be sunbathing at this time?"

Miss Westlake had a routine. It was one thing Steele could say for her. Dolphin, Baker and Renshaw had eagerly volunteered for the afternoon surveillance shift so they could see the leggy blonde in her thong. Not to mention she always took her top off when she sunbathed.

She was a looker, no doubt, but she didn't do a damn thing for Steele.

"She's late," Baker muttered. "Which means we'll have to find her ass when we go in."

"I'll go get her," Renshaw said, an evident grin in his voice.

"Quiet," Steele ordered. "I want radio silence until I say differently. Get the damn shot, P.J. Waiting on you to take out the guards so we can get this show on the road."

"Done and done," P.J. said curtly. "Both front towers are clear. Giddy up, cowboys. Let's rope the goat and get back home."

Cole's chuckle echoed in Steele's ear. "That's my girl!"

"Move in," Steele barked. "I want a clean in-and-out."

Steele slid out from the blind he'd constructed, hoisted his rifle and crept through the thick shrubbery that surrounded the palatial home.

Usually for a retrieval mission, he'd go in under the cover of night, hit hard and fast and get the hell out. Garza, however, doubled his security at night, almost as if he anticipated a night raid. During the day, he employed few security men and those he had were lazy and inattentive. This should be a piece of cake.

Should be.

He'd learned better than to actually utter those damning words, and he didn't have a superstitious bone in his body.

He was heading in a direct line to the back of the house when gunfire erupted in the distance.

"Goddamn it, what the hell is that?" he barked into his mic.

"Sorry, boss man," Dolphin said, a huff in his breath. "Couldn't be avoided. They know we're here now."

Judging by the shrieks that filled the air, Christina Westlake knew they were here too. She wouldn't have a clue they were here to help her. She just knew bullets were flying, as was blood.

"Give us some cover, P.J., Cole," Steele ordered. "I'm going after the girl."

"Already cleared you a path," P.J. said. "They'll think the queen of bloody England is coming."

Steele shook his head at her wit and quickly scaled the stone wall over onto the veranda by the pool. The pool where Christina Westlake was supposed to be sunbathing. The woman had to get unpredictable now of all times?

Another screech rent the air and Steele turned his head in the direction of the god-awful noise and immediately started for the steps leading to the second-floor balcony. He ducked a knife when he got to the top and rammed his shoulder into the burly guy who'd tried to ambush him.

Pain slashed through his arm and he gritted his teeth, pushing aside the discomfort as the blade sliced through skin.

When his attacker stumbled back, Steele swung the butt of his rifle up and crushed the guard's jaw. He crumpled on the spot, hitting the floor with a resounding thud. Steele's gaze immediately swept the area, taking in any potential threat. Another sound from inside the double glass doors caught his attention.

"Stupid bitch! Get out of my way!"

"You can't leave me, Matteo!"

The shriek made Steele wince. Evidently Matteo wasn't as attached to Christina as she was to him. He was bent on making his escape, but it wasn't Matteo Steele wanted. Garza could make this as easy or as hard as he wanted. Steele would prefer as little bloodshed as possible, but he was prepared for anything.

Get the job done. Whatever it takes.

It was a creed that had damn near gotten his teammates hurt when P.J. had taken off and gone lone wolf, bent on vigilante justice.

That was done, thankfully, and now they could get back to doing what they did best. Working as a team. Kicking ass. Getting the job done.

Steele edged toward the door and then kicked it in with his boot. The door flew open and Steele grabbed his pistol with his left hand while holding his rifle with his right.

Matteo Garza whirled around, dropping the bag that he'd been stuffing full of things from the wall safe. His eyes were wild and crazed. Christina cowered, trying to insert herself between Matteo and the wall, but he was having none of that. He shoved the screaming girl in front of him and wrapped a beefy arm around her neck.

"What do you want?" he demanded hoarsely.

Steele viewed him in disgust. Using the girl as a shield. No man used a woman in such a manner.

"The girl," Steele said calmly. "We aren't here to harm you. Let her go and we'll go in peace."

Garza's eyes narrowed suspiciously. Then he glanced at the girl in scorn.

"Did you do this?" he snarled in her ear.

"No!" she squeaked out. "Matteo, I have no idea who this man is. You have to believe me!"

"Her parents sent me," Steele said. "Now let her go and I'll be on my way. Or you can refuse to cooperate and I'll take you apart. Your choice."

Garza shoved Christina forward and she stumbled, tripping right in front of Steele. In a lightning move, he slung the shoulder harness over his arm so his rifle wouldn't fall, and then he made a grab for her with his right hand, pain screaming up his arm as his muscles stretched the already torn flesh.

He was careful to keep his pistol trained on Garza as he collected the wriggling, protesting woman against him.

"Let me go!" she shrieked. "I don't want to go. I'm happy here! Matteo, are you just going to let him take me?"

There was hurt and confusion in her voice. Garza was completely unaffected.

"Take the puta," Garza bit out. "She's nothing to me."

"Liar!" Christina shrieked. "You said you loved me! You said you wanted to be with me forever!"

Steele tightened his hold as the woman went ballistic in his grasp. Damn it. His arm was hurting like a motherfucker and he had no idea of the extent of his injury.

"Dolphin, get your ass up here. Second level. Balcony entrance. Double time," he barked into the mic.

"On my way," Dolphin returned.

Steele backed toward the doors, turning so he could see clear to the entrance but also keep Garza in his periphery. When the man started to move, Steele halted and leveled his gun at Garza.

"Don't do anything stupid," Steele warned. "I've got what I came for. I have no interest in killing you. Don't give me a reason to change my mind."

"I care nothing for the puta," Garza bit out. "But I won't suffer the insult of you trespassing and killing my men."

"Do yourself a favor and forget any insult you feel," Steele clipped out. "Don't f**k with me or I'll make you very sorry."

Garza's nostrils flared and his eyes glittered with anger and damaged pride.

Dolphin bounded up the stairs and in that moment, Christina kicked back sharply with her spiked heel, catching Steele right in the knee. She turned like a damn wildcat and stabbed at his eyes with her daggerlike fingernails and pitched backward.

Steele was forced to let her go or risk hurting her. As she ran back toward Garza, the dumbass pulled a gun, aiming toward Steele. As Christina whirled around, she saw Dolphin raise his gun and in an even dumber move than Garza's pulling the gun to begin with, she flung herself in front of Garza right as Dolphin took the shot.

She screamed in pain and Garza was flung against the wall, blood spreading rapidly over his chest. Christina went utterly white and teetered unsteadily before falling into a dead faint. Right at Garza's feet.

"Fuck a duck," Dolphin swore. "What the hell did she think she was doing?"

Steele hurried forward, turning the unconscious woman over. His fingers ran up her side and came away with blood. Just a graze. Thank God. Her parents would be pissed if their daughter came home with a bullet hole courtesy of KGI.

Dolphin squatted beside Steele and put his fingers to Garza's neck.

"Our exit has just been moved up," he said grimly. "Garza's dead. Word is he has the local police in his pocket. Shit's going down all over this place. P.J. and Cole are playing ducks in a row, picking off a**holes left and right. Baker and Renshaw just set explosives by the back wall because we can't go out the front. We have three minutes until it blows and then we have to get the hell out, boss man."

"She didn't want to go," Steele said, shaking his head. "He didn't give a shit about her. Tried to use her as a shield."

"What a dick," Dolphin said in disgust.

"Yeah and she still tried to take a bullet for him."

Dolphin glanced at Steele and frowned. "You're bleeding. What the hell happened?"

"Tangled with a knife," Steele said shortly. "Get the girl. You'll have to carry her. I'll cover you."

"Well, fuck. We can't take her home like this. Her parents will shit a brick."

Steele sighed, knowing they weren't far from Maren Scofield. Fuck it all, but the last thing he wanted to happen was to schedule an unexpected visit to the blond doctor.

She bugged him. Got under his skin. Hell, it prickled anytime he was near her. Like ants under his skin, crawling from the inside out.

"As soon as we get to the chopper, get on the horn to our pilot," Steele bit out. "Tell him we'll be making an unscheduled stop."

Dolphin slung his rifle over his shoulder, shoved his pistol into his holster and then reached down to carefully pick up the still-unconscious woman.

"Stay close," Steele said tersely. "You hit the dirt if anything goes down. Don't try to be a f**king hero with the girl in your arms. If she dies, we're f**ked. I've never lost a subject and I'm damn sure not starting now."

"You da boss."

Steele rolled his eyes at the irreverence in Dolphin's voice. Not that it was anything new. Steele would go to his grave before he'd ever admit that he was pretty damn fond of Dolphin's attitude and his ability to lighten almost any situation with his quirky humor. Steele took ribbing from his team for having no sense of humor, but hell, why did he need one when he had Dolphin, P.J. and Cole? Between those three, they were more of a circus than a military ops team. But they got the job done and that was all that mattered to him.

They dealt with shit on a daily basis that normal people never even dreamed of. If this was their way of coping and staying sane, he was down with their shenanigans. Even if they pushed his buttons on a regular basis.

He pushed ahead of Dolphin and headed for the doorway onto the balcony. He ducked low, motioning for Dolphin to do the same as he examined the perimeter for any potential threat.

"Nine o'clock," Steele said sharply. "Get down!"

Steele raised his gun and aimed through the slats in the railing, squeezed off two rounds and downed two men who were crossing the veranda by the pool. He gestured for Dolphin to pick up the pace and they scrambled down the stairway.

"Status," he barked into his mic. "Dolphin and I are coming out the back. We have the subject. Need cover. Clear a path and get your asses in gear."

"Way ahead of you, boss man," Baker piped in. "P.J. and Cole have cleaned house. Renshaw and I are positioned at the back gate ready to blow this sucker. Give me thirty seconds. Maintain your current position until this shit blows."

Steele and Dolphin both ducked, providing cover for the woman with their bodies as they crouched at the bottom of the steps, using the wall to shield them from debris from the impending explosion.

On cue, the blast bellowed over their ears. The ground shook and pieces of metal and stone rained down like a hailstorm.

"Damn, they know how to get it done," Dolphin muttered. "They may have used a little too much C-4."

"You think?" Steele said dryly. "Let's move."

Coughing from the cloud of dust and decimated concrete, they ran toward the gaping hole in the stone wall surrounding the pool area.

"Hope to f**k the others are in position so we can get the hell out of here," Steele said in terse tones.

"Cool your jets. We're on it," P.J. snapped.

Steele shook his head. Temperamental woman. That much never changed, thank God. She was back where she belonged. He'd never said as much-he wouldn't offer her that kind of disrespect or lack of confidence in her abilities-but she'd worried him coming off her solo mission of revenge. Besides overcoming multiple injuries, her emotional and psychological trauma had been off the charts. If it had been up to him, he would have grounded her another few months. Only she wasn't having any of it, and if she was taken out it meant he lost Cole too. No damn way he was going to operate two team members short.

"Glad to have your cranky ass back, Rutherford," Steele said in an uncharacteristic display of humor.

There was complete radio silence. And then, "Holy shit, did he just crack a joke?" Baker asked aghast.

"Hey, that's Coletrane now," Cole complained. "She married me, remember? Pretty damn sure the paperwork says she's Penelope Jane Coletrane now."

"I'm going to kick your f**king ass, Cole!" P.J. snapped.

"Penelope Jane?"

Steele couldn't tell who said what because it all came in three directions followed immediately by hoots of laughter and instant jibes. Jesus Christ. They weren't out of the woods yet and his entire team was acting like it was a night out in a bar.

"I need everyone to shut the f**k up and make the rendezvous point with the chopper," Steele snapped. "You can bicker later."

Steele set a rapid pace but was careful to keep Dolphin and his charge close behind him so he was shielding them both with his body. Baker and Renshaw fell in, closing ranks around Dolphin.

Blood dripped in a steady stream from Baker's face, splattering the ground and leaving a visible blood trail.

"How serious is it?" Steele barked in Baker's direction, his gaze never stopping its sweep of the terrain.

"Bleeding like a f**king pig. I have no idea," Baker bit back. "Can't feel a damn thing at the moment and my ears are ringing like a son of a bitch."

"I told his dumb ass to get farther back from the blast zone," Renshaw muttered. "I didn't have the time to calculate the strength of the explosives so I went for more than I guessed was necessary."

Steele swore. Just what he needed. Another out-of-commission team member when he'd only just gotten his team back together after two months of training rookie recruits and being bored out of his mind.

"We'll be making a pit stop to see Dr. Scofield. She can check you and the woman over. Make sure it's nothing serious and then we can get the hell home and collect a paycheck."

Renshaw caught up to Steele and cast a quick glance at Steele's arm. "And you too, boss man. Looks like you have a boo-boo too."

Steele's lips curled in impatience. "It's fine."

Renshaw shrugged. "Hey, if you don't want to get checked out by the pretty doctor, your loss. I'm sure Baker won't be complaining."

Steele sent Renshaw a quelling look that instantly silenced his teammate. If the damn girl hadn't thrown herself in front of a bullet for an a**hole who didn't give a shit about her, they wouldn't even be stopping in to see Dr. Scofield. And now he had Baker to worry about.

He glanced back at his teammate to see Baker shaking his head, blood sliding down his cheek and onto the ground. He was still trying to get his bearings, obviously, but from what Steele could see, it didn't look serious. That didn't mean he didn't have a concussion or a possible injury that Steele couldn't see, but he was going to remain optimistic that it was just a few cuts and scrapes and nothing that would require downtime.

Steele had had enough downtime for a lifetime. He was ready to be back in action, preferably with his team at full strength.

They burst through a patch of dense foliage and into a clearing where the helicopter waited. P.J. and Cole were already there. P.J. was wearing a scowl and Cole was grinning. He did that a lot around P.J. now. Where before he'd attempted to maintain strict professionalism between them at all times, now that he'd convinced P.J. to marry him, Cole had dropped any semblance of keeping emotional distance from her during missions. A fact that P.J. still wasn't taking well.

Steele bit back a smile, knowing if his team saw it, they'd think he'd lost his mind. If nothing else, P.J. and Cole provided plenty of comic relief in otherwise tense situations.

"Let's load and go," Cole called. "This bitch is ready to get into the air."

"I'll radio the jet pilot, tell him we'll be delayed. We can land the chopper close to Maren's village," Renshaw said as they approached the others.

Steele nodded.

"What the f**k happened to you, Baker?" P.J. demanded.

"Explosives," Baker muttered as he palmed one ear and pushed like he was trying to dislodge something.

"That'll do it," P.J. said.

Dolphin went ahead carrying the girl and P.J.'s eyes widened. "Do I even want to know?"

"No," Steele said tersely. "Load up. Let's get the hell out of here."

CHAPTER 2

MAREN Scofield patted the child on the arm after applying gauze over the site where she'd drawn blood and offered a reassuring smile. She nodded when the parents offered their gratitude and gave them instructions to continue her care at home.

When they finally departed the clinic, Maren stretched her aching back and sighed. It had been a long day that had begun at dawn when her first patient had knocked on the door of her cottage. The locals knew where to find her if she wasn't in her clinic, and none hesitated to seek her out for all manner of illnesses or injuries.

A worker had broken his arm and had come to her cottage. And so her day had begun. A steady stream of patients that had only finally dwindled when the sun had begun to set.

She trudged toward the doorway, eager to make the short walk back to her home, fix herself a hot cup of tea and put her feet up for a while. After making sure the exam rooms and the room containing her portable X-ray and the other expensive supplies were locked-not that it would truly do any good if someone wanted to break in and steal them-she prepared to leave for the day.

And it had happened in the past. She'd had equipment stolen, her clinic trashed. Twice. Thankfully her parents and her brother were supportive of her efforts, and they'd arranged for the donation of new equipment both times.

But then they were all doctors too. They understood her calling. Her drive to provide medical care for underprivileged people in need. Her own parents had traveled all over the world before having her and her brother. For the first few years of her childhood, her parents had opted to live stateside and practice medicine. But when she and Kevin, her older brother, had gotten past the toddler stage, her parents had packed them up and had set off to far-flung places once again to donate their time and services to those in need.

Her childhood had been colorful and never dull.

Nowadays her parents were retired and living in Florida, enjoying shopping and golf. They made the trip to Costa Rica once a year to visit, and she tried to make it to Florida once or twice. They Skyped regularly and emailed weekly. Her brother was currently on assignment in Saudi Arabia. It had been a year since she'd seen him and she missed him.

They were only two years apart and had always been close. Throughout their childhood, they'd never remained in any one place long enough to put down roots and develop close friendships, so they'd bonded and been each other's best friend.

After her cup of tea she was going to email Kevin and her parents. Maybe it was fatigue or just her present mood, but she was feeling homesick. Some rest and reaching out to her family would fix her up in no time.

As she opened the door to leave the clinic, a dark shape loomed in front of her. She immediately stepped back, her breath in her throat, and her pulse ratcheted up about thirty beats per minute. She started to slam the door, even knowing it was poor protection and would offer no resistance to someone wanting in.

A booted foot shot out, blocking the door.

Panic ripped through her gut and she backed instinctively farther, searching the immediate area for a weapon, something she could use to defend herself.

A tall, barrel-chested man stepped inside, his hands up in a pacifying manner.

"Senorita, I mean you no harm. I come to speak to you on behalf of Javier Mendoza."

Maren's eyes narrowed, and she took a cautious step backward. Javier Mendoza was shady at best. The locals feared him but never dared showed him disrespect. He was catered to, appeased and otherwise pacified by everyone, including La Fuerza Publica, the police.

There was only overheard gossip and speculation to fuel her apprehension. When his name was mentioned, it was always in whispered tones as if the people speaking feared that he might appear from thin air.

Maren didn't know specifics about the man, but she knew enough to decide that if he'd sent a man at this time of night, it couldn't be good.

"I'm leaving the clinic for the night," she said, adopting a brisk, professional tone. "It's been a long day and I'm closed until the morning."

The man smiled, although it did nothing to ease her worry.

"It's not a medical matter, senorita. Senor Mendoza would like to invite you to his home for dinner. He knows you've worked long hours today and wishes you to partake of his hospitality."

Though his speech was accented, his English was impeccable. Each word carefully rendered. He looked like a thug but spoke like a complete gentleman. He gave her the absolute creeps.

"Please convey my apologies to Senor Mendoza," she said smoothly, allowing none of her fear to slide into her voice. "I appreciate his kind invitation, but I'm very tired and would like only to return to my home so that I can rest. My day begins quite early, and as you can see, it's gone quite late today."

The errand boy, or rather errand hulk, didn't look pleased by her refusal, so she quickly added, "Perhaps another time."

Not that she had any intention in hell of ever honoring that particular offer. But if it would get the smooth-talking Neanderthal out of her clinic so she could go home, she'd say darn near anything.

His lips tightened but to her relief, he began to retreat. At the door, he turned, his gaze finding hers.

"I will inform Senor Mendoza of your refusal."

Maren went still at the implied threat. Ice trickled into her veins and her respiration increased. She stood frozen as the man disappeared into the night, leaving her alone in the now-silent clinic.

It took her a long moment to recover and get over her paralysis. She walked haltingly to the doorway and stepped outside, glancing nervously left and right, almost as if she expected Mendoza to materialize just as she'd thought the locals did when speaking his name.

She shook her head as she locked up. She was turning into a complete ninny. She'd been in far scarier situations. Africa to name one. Thanks to Sam Kelly and KGI, she'd escaped unscathed, for which her parents and brother were extremely grateful. They'd been largely responsible for her not going back there again. They'd begged her to pick a safer place.

Now she wondered just how much safer Costa Rica was for her.

With a sigh, she began the short walk down the pathway to her cottage, rolling her neck and shoulders to ease the knots in her muscles. The evening air was sultry, damp in her nostrils but filled with the scent of flowers. They bloomed like crazy around the clinic and her cottage, courtesy of the locals who'd adopted her and helped with the upkeep.

She smiled, remembering the women bringing by food for her. Men stopping by to ask if she needed repairs. Many of her patients didn't have money to pay for her services, not that she'd accept, but they looked for other ways to repay her. They'd accepted her. She was well liked and respected. And until tonight she wouldn't have thought she had anything to fear.

Mendoza had never paid her an ounce of attention, and she'd been here for four years. What had changed? She would never believe she'd simply escaped his notice until now. He was a man who had his thumb on the pulse of the entire area. He'd likely know everyone and know everything that went on anywhere close to where he resided and did business. Whatever that business was ...

She shook her head again as she let herself into the tiny house. She closed the door and locked it, ruefully acknowledging, again, that if anyone truly wanted access, her locking the door would hardly matter. But it offered her at least a sense of security.

The cottage was cluttered. She was hardly a neat freak. In fact, she was rather absentminded about nonimportant things. In her work, she was focused. Other things, not so much.

Her home was small, but it looked lived in, and during the day, sunshine filled the many windows, giving the rooms a cheerful glow. Her plants thrived, though she was clueless as to how they managed to survive her inattention.

She removed her glasses and dropped her stethoscope on the coffee table, setting her glasses carefully beside it. Then she shuffled into the kitchen to put water on to boil for her tea. She needed to eat, but nothing appealed and the thought of having to prepare anything was more than she could deal with at the moment.

Tea and crackers. It was a perfect filler, and then she'd have an early night and get some much-needed rest.

* * *

MAREN came awake with a start, her mind muggy. Confusion clouded her mind as she stared around, her brow furrowing as she sought to place herself. Glancing at the coffee table, she saw her half-full cup of tea and the box of crackers she'd barely eaten from.

She'd dozed off not long after she'd sunk into the couch. She hadn't even finished her tea.

Another knock sounded at her door, and her head whipped in that direction as understanding dawned. Someone was there, and the knock was what had awakened her from her deep sleep.

She groped for her glasses, shoved them on and then glanced at her watch. She frowned as nervousness gripped her. It was nearly midnight.

She pushed herself upward, collecting her wits as she headed toward the door. It wasn't an unusual occurrence for her to be dragged out of bed for a medical emergency, but tonight she was on edge after the unexpected visit and invitation, courtesy of Javier Mendoza.

Wiping her palms over her face to rid herself of the veil of sleep, she cautiously opened the door a crack and peeked out.

"Dr. Scofield?"

She blinked in surprise as she processed the shadowy form filling her doorway. She knew that voice. Not that she'd often had occasion to hear it because the man rarely spoke. But it was a sound imprinted on her brain.

"Steele," she murmured.

Then she swung open the door and stepped outside, glancing around for others. There were always others when it came to KGI. She'd patched up numerous members of the elite private ops group over the years, but that was okay. It was thanks to them that she was alive and still practicing medicine.

"We have a situation," Steele said, bringing her sharply to attention.

"Of course."

He paused a moment and she could swear he cocked his head at her, but it was too dark for her to make out his features.

"We have a young woman we retrieved. She's injured. Baker's also injured. Not sure of extent. He tangled with some explosives."

"That'll do it," she muttered.

"Can you look them over?" he asked in an impatient voice.

She could swear her very presence offended him. Every time they'd ever come into contact, he'd acted as if she didn't exist. In fact, this was the first time he'd ever addressed her directly. All the times she'd seen him before, he'd always been with the Kellys, and Sam or Garrett always did all the talking.

It was a shame too, because the man fascinated her. Maybe it was because he was so standoffish. Maybe that intrigued her all the more.

"Give me a minute and I'll meet you at the clinic," Maren said.

And then Steele was gone, melting away into the night, leaving her standing in her doorway slightly baffled by the whole encounter. Shaking her head, she turned and walked back into her cottage to get her stethoscope and the rest of her tea. She could nuke it at the clinic. She was going to need it. It was going to be a long night.

CHAPTER 3

IT didn't surprise Maren in the least when she walked into her clinic to find members of Steele's team sprawled everywhere. P.J. and Cole were sitting in the small "waiting" area, rifles between their knees, barrels pointed toward the ceiling. Cole offered Maren a warm smile and P.J. called out a soft hello.

"It's so good to see you, P.J.," Maren said sincerely.

Brief shadows floated through P.J.'s eyes even though she returned Maren's warm greeting, but Maren didn't push the subject any further. She greeted the others and continued past the waiting room down the hall where the small exam rooms were situated.

In the first room, she saw Baker bending over the sink while Renshaw helped by handing him towels to scrub the blood from his face.

"Leave it," Maren called from the doorway. "Better to have me take a look before you aggravate it further."

Baker turned around with a grimace and she winced at the already swollen purpling of his jaw, his chin and both eyes. She whistled softly. "You don't mess around when it comes to blowing stuff up, do you?"

Renshaw chuckled and slapped Baker on the shoulder. "Bet he won't make that same mistake again."

"Shut the f**k up," Baker muttered.

Then he looked up at Maren. "Check out the girl first. I'm fine."

Maren nodded and then walked down to the next room. As she peered around the corner of the doorway, she saw Dolphin consoling a quietly sobbing young woman while Steele stood at the head of the bed, arms crossed over his chest and a scowl set into his features like stone. Maren could well understand why the girl was so upset. Steele wasn't helping matters any. She likely thought she'd hopped right from the frying pan and into the fire when KGI rescued her. If she even thought at this point she had been rescued.

Yep, Steele was in typical form. What she wouldn't give to shake him up. Just once. She wondered if anything ever ruffled him. Caught him off guard. Or surprised him.

She'd heard some of the details of P.J.'s ordeal from Sam, and P.J.'s subsequent walkabout from the team and the fact that Steele and the others hadn't taken it very well. Sam had hinted that Steele had displayed uncharacteristic emotion. That, she'd pay money to see.

She took in a deep breath at the precise moment Steele looked up and saw her. His blue eyes cut into her, piercing deep, making her feel suddenly bare and vulnerable. Almost like he could see right inside her. It was a stupid thought and it was even dumber to attribute superhuman powers to this man. He was only human. Fallible. But damn if he didn't make a strong argument for invincible. Regardless of what he was or wasn't, he absolutely sold it with every look, every nonword. Every action.

All her breath slipped out in a long exhale, her shoulders sagging as she deflated underneath his gaze.

Pulling herself together, she headed to the bed, pulling out her penlight from her lab coat pocket.

"What happened?" she asked briskly.

The girl looked nervously at Maren and shrank further against the pillow. She was trembling from head to toe and Maren's heart softened. Poor thing was scared out of her mind.

She patted the girl's hand and squeezed. "You'll be all right now. Promise. They may look scary, but they're the good guys. They'll get you back home where you belong."

"I didn't want to leave Matteo," she said with a sniff. "They made me."

Steele's scowl deepened and Dolphin sighed.

"She tried to step in front of a bullet meant for someone else," Dolphin muttered.

"That'll do it too," Maren said wryly.

As her gaze flicked up to Steele, she could swear there was a tiny twitch at one corner of his mouth. Almost as if the man had actually been about to smile. It was such an absurd thought that she immediately put it down to her imagination and turned her focus on her patient.

"Just winged her," Dolphin continued. "But she dropped like a stone. Dead faint. She only just came around."

"Why don't you gentlemen leave me alone with her so I can check her over. You aren't helping matters by hovering over her looking like ax murderers."

Dolphin shrugged and Steele looked reluctant until Maren turned and engaged in a staredown with him. Finally he broke and he and Dolphin retreated, though they stood just outside the doorway.

"Now," Maren said, turning back to the girl. "What's your name, honey?"

"Christina," she said in a wavering voice.

"I'm going to check you over and make sure everything is okay."

Tears welled in her eyes. "But everything's not okay and it's all their fault. Matteo said he didn't want me, but how could he when they came in with guns and shooting people? Now he'll think I was responsible for this. I love him and only want to be with him."

Maren smoothed a tear from her cheek. "I know it sucks right now, but, honey, if KGI was called in to rescue you, Matteo was not a good man. You're much better off without him. Steele will take you back to your parents and after a few weeks, you'll see that everything will work out."

"He scares me," she muttered.

Maren laughed. "He scares everyone. But his bark is much worse than his bite. He's a good man, Christina. The very best. I'd want him at my back in any bad situation."

Christina quieted but didn't look happy.

Maren quickly did an assessment, checked her pulse and both pupils. Other than the crease where the bullet had winged her, she didn't show any sign of further injury. She could stitch up the wound, but there was nothing she could do for a broken heart. Only time would heal that.

There was resiliency in youth. Maren would lay odds that within a few weeks after she was back with her family, she'd bounce back and realize that one man wasn't the be-all and end-all of her life.

"I'll have you stitched up in a matter of minutes and then I'll give you something to help you rest."

"Thank you," Christina said in a low voice. "You're really nice."

Maren smiled. "The others are nice too. You just happened to see them in commando mode. They'd scare anyone silly when they're focused on a mission."

Maren made quick work of setting the stitches and then gave the girl an injection for pain that would relax her and enable her to sleep. Within moments after Christina received the injection, her eyelashes fluttered and she drifted off.

She met Steele and Dolphin outside the door. "She'll be fine. I put in a few stitches and gave her a dose of antibiotics to prevent infection. She'll need to follow up with a doctor as soon as you get her home so they can continue her care and take out the stitches when needed."

Steele nodded and Maren's gaze dropped as, for the first time she noticed the blood on Steele's arm.

"That yours or hers?" she asked softly.

Steele's eyes flicked downward and then dismissively back up at her. "Mine."

"Don't you think I should take a look at it?" she asked.

He shook his head and remained silent. She sighed. Such a difficult bastard. Evidently it was against the law in Steele's own personal law book for him to ever be injured or suffer downtime.

"Just see to Baker so we can be out of here," Steele said.

"I'll try not to take your desire to be quit of me so personally," she said dryly.

Dolphin cleared his throat and shifted uncomfortably. Maren smiled to ease his discomfort.

"Why don't you hang out in Christina's room and keep watch on her. She should be out for a while but if she wakes, I'd hate for her to be disoriented. She'll need a friendly face and well, Steele's not the friendliest-looking guy. I'll go look in on Baker. I'd hate to hold up his majesty when he has better places to be."

Dolphin nodded. "I can do that."

He sent a reproachful look in Steele's direction, but it didn't faze Steele one iota. He continued to stare at Maren like he wanted her gone five minutes ago. Who was she kidding? He did want her gone five minutes ago!

Maren shook her head and walked back to the room Baker occupied. He was leaning against the exam table, his butt just barely perched on the edge. Renshaw was sitting against the wall, and he looked up when she entered.

"Okay, so let's see what we have here," Maren said in a cheerful voice. "Why don't you lie down on the exam table so I can actually reach your head."

She poked and prodded while Baker grumbled under his breath and winced when she debrided the wounds. She sutured two of the cuts to his scalp and then bandaged the rest.

"You're going to feel like shit in the morning," she offered when she finished.

"I feel like shit now," he muttered.

"You want me to give you an injection for pain?"

He hesitated and then shook his head. "If we're bugging out, I need to be alert."

"Hey, Baker," Cole said from the door. "FYI, we're stuck here until eight in the morning. Pilot was just in touch. He had mechanical issues that grounded him for the night. So get the damn injection. Maren, you care if we crash here until then?"

"Of course not," she said. "Mi casa es su casa. Or rather my clinic is," she added with a grin. "You might have visitors in the morning. The locals are often here before I arrive, waiting for me to open up. Just don't shoot anyone, okay?"

Cole grinned. "We'll do our best."

She turned back to Baker. "Now, how about that injection? You could use the rest, I'm sure."

He sighed in resignation and then rolled, presenting his ass as he yanked at his fatigues. She laughed. "I'm taking that as a yes."

After administering the pain medication, she glanced toward Renshaw. "Everything okay with you? Anything I need to look at?"

"No ma'am. I know when to keep back from explosives."

"Fuck you," Baker grumbled.

She smiled. "All right then, I'm going to go tackle Steele's injuries. If you guys aren't heading out right away, then he can suffer like the rest of you and have me patch him up."

Renshaw snorted. "Good luck with that."

She stuck her head into the exam room where Dolphin and Steele were still standing over the girl. "Steele? Can I see you in the next room a minute?"

Steele frowned-of course-but he nodded and then headed her way. She led him into the next exam room and rifled through the cabinets to find the stuff she needed.

"What's up?" he asked shortly.

She turned back to him and motioned toward the exam table. "Have a seat."

His brow furrowed as she came nearer to him.

"Look," she said in exasperation. "You aren't superhuman, no matter what you want the rest of us mere mortals to believe. Sit your ass down and let me look at your wound. Cole said you all were grounded until eight in the morning."

The look on Steele's face was priceless. He actually looked ... caught off guard. She wanted to do a double fist pump, but that would be incredibly obvious. So she continued to stare serenely at him, not backing down as she stood waiting for him to comply with her orders.

He was used to giving orders, not taking them, and she'd admit it gave her a tiny thrill to play the boss card.

Sending her a disgruntled look, he plopped down on the table and pulled his shirt off, exposing a ripped set of abs and a broad, muscled chest with a smattering of blond hair over the hollow. Her hand twitched to check her mouth for drool, but again, way too obvious.

"Let's make this quick," he muttered.

Her eyebrow rose and she sent him a look she knew he wouldn't appreciate.

"What's your hurry? Cole said you didn't have any place to be until eight in the morning."

She smoothed her hand up his arm until it reached the cut that still oozed blood. His muscles twitched underneath her fingers and then tightened. She thought she heard his sudden intake of breath, but maybe she imagined it.

"Not too bad," she murmured. "A few stitches and some antibiotic ointment. Doubt it'll rot off anytime soon."

"My point exactly," he said. "No need to make a fuss over it. Slap a bandage on it and be done."

Her mouth twitched. "I'm beginning to think you don't like me, Steele. I wonder why? Everyone else in KGI doesn't seem to have a problem with me. What's yours?"

Her gaze lifted to his eyes and they narrowed at her. "I never said I didn't like you."

"Your actions speak far louder than words," she said dryly.

"Why the hell are we even having this conversation?" he demanded.

She shrugged and then set to work deadening the area around the wound. She worked in silence as she set the sutures and focused intently on her task. When she set the last stitch, she raised her head, stretching the knotted muscles at her neck. She pushed her glasses back up her nose and let a small sigh escape. So much for her quiet evening at home with a cup of tea and going to bed early.

"Long day?" Steele asked quietly.

Her gaze yanked upward, surprised at the question. He never initiated conversation with her. Getting anything from him was like trying to pry open a steel trap. Ridiculous pun intended.

"Yeah, but then it would appear so was yours," she said in amusement.

He shifted on the exam table as if he were about to get up. Her gaze drifted downward and she froze when she saw the evidence of his erection bulging at his fatigues. Her eyes widened and then her gaze shot upward to see him staring back at her. Busted. Completely busted. He knew she knew.

She took a step back and waved her hand airily. "It's not unheard of for men of, uh, action to experience adrenaline-induced erections. It's been documented, in fact. I'm sure there's a ton of research to back it up."

God, she sounded like a complete moron. Her cheeks were flaming as she took another hasty step backward.

Steele's features tightened and his lips formed a grim line as he stood to his full height and loomed over her. He leaned his head, just enough that his mouth was closer to her ear.

"If you think my hard-on has nothing to do with you, then you're deluded."

Her mouth gaped open as he pushed past her and stalked from the room.

"Ooo-kay," she murmured.

Not what she'd expected him to say at all.

CHAPTER 4

MAREN let herself into her cottage and softly shut the door behind her. When she scanned the room, she let out a startled exclamation when she saw Steele sprawled on her tiny couch.

"Jesus, you scared me," she breathed.

He sat up, his stare intense as he locked onto her. She shivered and a knot formed in her throat. The way he was looking at her was ... different.

"Do you always walk back to your cottage by yourself?" he demanded.

She lifted one eyebrow. "How the hell else would I ever get home?"

"Let me rephrase that. Aside from the times that we pull you out at all hours of the night, do you routinely walk back to your cottage alone after dark?"

"You know, I think that's the most words that have ever come out of your mouth at one time," Maren said thoughtfully.

Steele raised a hand to run raggedly through his hair, and he growled. Actually growled! Then to her utter shock, he closed the distance between them and hauled her against his chest. She landed with a soft thud and he cupped her chin with one hand and slid the other around her nape, anchoring her in place so she couldn't move. As if she wanted to!

"Steele?" she whispered nervously.

"Shut up," he muttered, just as his lips came down over hers.

His kiss was an absolute shock to her system. Electric. Fierce. Demanding. His warm tongue slid like velvet over her lips, coaxing her to open. As soon as she gave in, he deepened the kiss and pushed inward, tasting her, letting her taste him.

She shivered from head to toe. One continuous quake, her knees turning to jelly.

His hold on her was strong and possessive. She sighed into his mouth and he swallowed it up. This was crazy. Insanity at its finest. Steele was in her living room kissing her. A man who never even spoke directly to her. Yet he was obviously attracted to her. The erection earlier. He was kissing her now. Yeah, there was definitely something here and she wasn't going to question it too hard.

Or maybe he was coming off a mission and any woman would do.

That put a damper on her enthusiasm. She went still as she pondered that very real possibility. Proximity was a definite factor. Steele and his team had just worked a tough assignment, gotten shot at, cut and God only knew what else. They were stuck here for the night and she was female, reasonably attractive, and she had all the prerequisite equipment to sate his needs.

He drew away, his brows drawn together as he stared at her in question.

"What's wrong?"

She would have laughed but she was too unhinged to do more than just stand there gaping at him.

"You just kissed me and then you ask me what's wrong?"

He frowned. "Was it that bad?"

This time she did laugh. "I think you know it wasn't bad. Why did you kiss me, Steele? What the hell is going on here?"

"I want us to have sex," he said bluntly.

She blinked owlishly and stared back at him in silence. Though her glasses were fogged with the heat from their kiss and she itched to remove them so she wouldn't miss any part of this exchange.

"Ooo-kay," she began slowly. "You want to have sex with me. You want to have sex with a woman to whom you've never spoken more than a few words at a time. Tell me something, Steele, is this one of those situations where any p**sy will do? Is it a guy thing, coming off a mission and you'll dip into the first available well you can find?"

He looked completely taken aback by her blunt language. Surprised even. Then he seemed to figure out that it was possible he'd just been insulted.

"I don't f**k around," he growled. "I'm clean. I use condoms. I haven't had sex in a year."

"All righty then," she said, more than a little surprised at his admission. "Maybe a little more than I needed to know."

"If you're sleeping with me, you need to know."

This was true. But wait, was she sleeping with him? Was she entertaining the idea of sleeping with him? The mind boggled. A man she'd spent plenty of time fantasizing about was here in her living room calmly discussing the matter of sex between them as if it were something they did on a regular basis. Not that she'd have a problem with that. But she definitely had questions because this was shaping up to be the most bizarre day in a very long time.

"Why?" she asked softly. "You don't even like me, Steele. You can barely stand to be in my presence."

He pulled her back close, trapping her in his arms, his gaze boring into hers. "Why do you think that is, Maren? You're an intelligent woman. You saw the hard-on I had for you earlier. Put two and two together and I bet you'll find your answer."

"You're attracted to me," she whispered.

He stood a long moment without saying a word. Finally he broke the silence, his jaw clenched. He was positively ill at ease. Cool, unflappable Steele was agitated.

"You're under my skin. Can't get rid of you. Sometimes when I sleep ... I can smell you," he admitted. "I can see your eyes and those cute glasses you wear. I wonder what it would feel like to run my fingers through your hair."

Ho-ly shit. This was ... epic. This ... There wasn't even a description for what this was. This was huge!

She raised her hand, self-consciously adjusting the frames. "You think my glasses are cute?"

He let out a sigh and then, to her utter astonishment, he relaxed, his shoulders dropping the tiniest bit, and an honest-to-God smile curved the corners of his lips upward.

"Yeah. Cute."

"And you want to have sex with me," she repeated.

"I believe that's what I said."

"Wow. And, um, what then?"

His eyes narrowed. "You drive me crazy. You're under my skin. Stuck deep. I don't need you there. You're a distraction, and I can't afford distractions. So we'll have sex and then I'll stop fantasizing about what it's like."

"I have to say, that's about the worst proposition I've ever heard in my life."

Steele shrugged. "So I'm not a sensitive guy. You want to f**k or what?"

She clamped her hands over her ears. "Stop. It's only getting worse."

He pulled her arms down and then tilted her chin up with two fingers before he claimed her mouth again. She sagged into his arms, her eyes closing in bliss. When the man wasn't talking-and she'd decided it had been a blessing he hadn't spoken to her before-he was sexy as sin. Silence was sexy. So far, his speaking hadn't been that great of an idea. Eloquence was not one of his strong points.

"You want me," he said gruffly against her mouth. "You want me every bit as much as I want you."

"Well duh," she grumbled.

He pulled away, his eyes flashing. Triumph glittered in those ice blue depths. Only instead of feeling the chill in his gaze, all she felt was searing heat.

"The team is staying at the clinic. We have about six hours before we go wheels up. Your bed big enough for both of us?"

Slowly she nodded.

Without another word, he picked her up and she landed with a thud against his body. His arms tightened around her and he strode toward the doorway to her bedroom.

Her pulse thundered in her veins and her heart was beating so fast she felt light-headed. This was really happening. Steele wanted to have sex with her. Steele was carrying her to her bedroom. In a few minutes they'd both be nak*d and in the same room. Holy hell!

She braced herself, sure he'd dump her on the bed, but he surprised her by easing her gently onto the mattress before stepping back. He began to undress and her gaze was riveted to all the male flesh he was revealing.

Mouthwatering.

Hard. Muscled. Tight. Not a spare ounce anywhere on his body. Lean abdomen with a ripped six-pack. Broad shoulders and chest with bulging muscles in his upper arms. His thighs resembled tree trunks. Thick and sturdy.

She grabbed for her glasses, tossing them toward the nightstand because this was too good to miss. It wasn't as though she needed them all the time anyway. Just for reading and when she really needed to focus on an injury. Or lab reports.

She held her breath when he yanked down his underwear. His erection bobbed upward, straining and rigid, the head a dusky plum color. She could see the thick vein running the length of his c*ck from base to head. The man was beautiful to look at. Suddenly she was extremely conscious of the fact that he would expect her to shed her clothes next, and she didn't have the body he did. Not even close.

She was too soft in places she shouldn't be. Her boobs weren't perky. They weren't sagging yet, thank God, but they weren't the kind you could bounce a quarter off. Her abdomen was squishy because she didn't exercise enough and she enjoyed her sugar. At least her h*ps weren't big, not that it was much in the way of reassurance. She wasn't huge or anything, but she wasn't one of the super slim women or the curvy ones who looked lush and beautiful. She was just sort of in between and ... blah.

"Give a mint to know what you're thinking right now," Steele muttered.

"I'm blah," she blurted out.

Then she closed her eyes. She needed better social skills. This was what happened when someone grew up in an isolated environment, shut off from most of the world, never having friends or interacting with other people. They became a blithering idiot the first time they tried to interact with another person on an intimate level.

"Blah?"

The incredulity in his voice soothed some of her frayed nerves.

"Yeah, blah. You're gorgeous. I mean perfect. And I'm just blah. We don't match up very well," she said in a serious tone. "Gorgeous male specimens such as yourself do not have sex with blah women. They don't have to. They can have sex with gorgeous female specimens, so why would they settle for blah?"

His lips flapped up and down a moment and he looked so exasperated that she felt sure his next move would be to start pulling at his hair. "You're shitting me, right?"

She shook her head solemnly.

"You're an idiot," he muttered.

"You don't call a woman an idiot if you have any plans to have sex with her," Maren retorted.

"You're an idiot," he said calmly.

She had nothing to say to that.

He gestured down. "Look at this. Do you think I get this hard for 'blah'? That I'm so horny and desperate that I'll f**k anything with a p**sy? Jesus Christ, woman, I'm a goddamn walking hard-on around you. Haven't you ever noticed?"

"N-no," she stammered out.

"You're an idiot," he repeated.

She frowned. "Okay, I'm really not liking that word."

He sighed. "Okay, you're clueless then. Completely and utterly clueless."

She probably couldn't argue that point because well, it was true. She'd had no idea that he was remotely attracted to her. It still stunned her.

She licked her lips and cleared her throat. "So let me get this straight so we're on the same page. We have sex tonight. You leave at eight. And we never speak again and pretend this never happened. Do I have it right?"

"Didn't say we'd never speak again," he rumbled.

"Yes, because we spoke so much before," she said sarcastically.

"I want you out from under my skin."

Well, okay then. That was that. She wasn't sure how she felt about being used as an exorcism of herself, but sex with Steele wasn't something she was going to pass up. It wasn't like opportunities cropped up for her in Bumfuck, Costa Rica. And she damn sure wasn't going to admit how long it had been since she'd had sex. Better to let him think he'd been the one to go longer without it.

"Whatever works for you," she said with a sigh.

She started to undo her pants, but Steele put his hand out and wrapped his fingers gently around her wrist.

"No, let me. My fantasy. We're doing it my way."

She wanted to say, Hey, what about my fantasy, but this was definitely her fantasy too, so he could have at it. And the idea that she was his fantasy ... Whoa. Heady stuff. She could live with that. She liked it a whole lot.

He bent over the bed and pressed her backward until she was flat on the mattress. Then he unfastened the fly of her jeans and began to peel the pants down over her hips.

Nerves bubbled in her belly and chill bumps raced over her exposed skin. This was nerve racking. He was nak*d, and she was okay with that. Definitely. But the idea of her being nak*d? Of being utterly exposed to him? Of having him see her without clothes? Ugh.

"Relax," he murmured as he pulled the pants free of her legs.

"Easy for you to say."

He leaned down and kissed her belly and the flutters increased, rising into her throat. He made what should have been something so simple incredibly sexy. Just a kiss. His lips barely brushed over her skin, but it was the most erotic gesture she'd ever experienced.

"This is nice," he said against her belly. "But I want that mouth and that p**sy. They have to be sweet. I've dreamed about it. Wondered what you'd taste like. What you'd feel like underneath me. How it would feel when I got my dick inside that sweet p**sy."

Wow. He'd dreamed about her. She really was under his skin. She kind of liked that even if he didn't.

He pushed up her shirt, rolling it up over her head, and then he gently raised her arms so he could tug the shirt free. After he tossed it aside, he settled his body over hers, warm and hard.

Suddenly she didn't mind her squishy body because it accommodated him in all the right places. He felt nice. No, not nice. He felt awesome. If he'd dreamed about her, she'd most definitely had a few X-rated fantasies about him.

"Give me your mouth," he whispered.

Though his mouth hovered just over hers, his breath warm on her chin, he waited for her to offer her lips. Sucking in a quick breath, she raised her head so that her mouth touched his.

If he'd been patient and slow to that moment, it all fled the moment their lips met.

She sucked in his breath. He sucked in hers. Their tongues clashed, rolling hot and wet. He tasted faintly of mint, and she wondered if he'd done a quick cleanup before she'd arrived back at the cottage. For that matter, he smelled awesome. Clean. Not of dirt and blood and whatever else he encountered on his missions. Obviously he had made use of her shower.

He pulled back, his chest heaving, his eyes glittering down at her. He brushed his hand over her cheek, pushing back her hair, sliding his fingers up and over her ear.

"I was right. That mouth is sweet. Can't wait to taste the rest of you."

She shivered uncontrollably. "I want to taste you too."

He smiled then. An honest-to-goodness full-on teeth-flashing smile. It startled her that his entire face transformed so quickly. He went from brooding, intense, to someone she'd never seen. Relaxed. Warm. Sexy as hell.

"Holy shit," she whispered.

His eyebrow went up in question.

"Your smile," she explained. "I've never seen you smile like that. I don't think I've seen you smile at all."

He grimaced, and she regretted her words because she lost the smile.

"Usually not a lot to smile about when we see each other."

This was true enough, since the only time he saw her was when he or a team member was injured.

"And you'll get that chance to taste me," he said, a wicked gleam in his eye.

She put her hand on those muscled shoulders and rolled her fingers over his skin, down to his collarbone and then back up again, lazily tracing a path.

"You're a really beautiful man," she said in a breathy voice.

"You're nuts. Cute but nuts."

She arched an eyebrow. "Cute is usually a code word when people don't want to say something that could be considered an insult."

"I believe we've already covered your hotness factor. No insults, veiled or otherwise, from me. I've got you in bed. I'm good for at least a year on the fulfilled fantasies list."

"You know, I really like what you say now that you're actually talking to me."

He grinned again, and it sent a thrill all the way to her belly. Lord, but this man was to-die-for sexy. And he was nak*d. On top of her. Saying sweet things and giving her compliments. Looking at her like she was the sexiest woman on earth. If this was a dream she was going to be one super-pissed-off woman when she woke up.

"If you don't mind, I'm done talking for a while. I've got a lot of tasting to do."

"Oh, not at all," she breathed.

"But first, I'm going to get you completely nak*d so I can mark number two off my wish list."

"What's number one?"

He pinned her with his fierce gaze, his expression utterly serious.

"I'll get to that one when I'm balls deep inside you."

CHAPTER 5

MAREN held her breath when Steele thumbed her bra straps down her shoulders and began slowly peeling back the cups covering her br**sts. He leaned to one side, propping himself on his elbow and turned her with him so he could reach behind her to unfasten the hooks.

Then he rolled her back and settled atop her once more.

"You have beautiful tits," Steele said in a sandpapery voice. "Been dying to taste them."

Her lips quirked up in a grin. "You seem to have a lot of fantasies involving tasting."

He leaned down and she thought he would put his mouth on her nipple, but he kissed between her br**sts and then brushed his lips down her midline. He adjusted himself so he lay between her splayed thighs, his chin just above the lace waistband of her panties.

"Been looking forward to this," Steele whispered as he began to inch her underwear down her legs.

All her previous inhibitions and nervousness fled. This was a man who genuinely wanted her and had evidently fantasized about her on at least a semiregular basis. Who was she to argue with a man's fantasies?

He tugged the panties from her ankles and they fluttered to the floor over his shoulder. He nudged her legs farther apart and then moved his body up hers until his mouth hovered enticingly over her mound.

With gentle fingers he parted her labia, exposing her cl*t and opening her to his avid gaze.

"Beautiful," he murmured.

Her breath caught in her throat as his head descended. She closed her eyes and gasped when his tongue stroked over her clitoris. It was a warm shock to her entire body. Her legs trembled and her belly tightened. She stirred restlessly underneath him as his hands smoothed over her hips, anchoring her further within his grasp.

He nuzzled and licked, pressing tender kisses over her most intimate flesh. Never would she have imagined Steele being such a patient, gentle lover. She would have placed odds on his being quick and forceful, and yet he seemed determined to take things exquisitely slow and bring them both maximum pleasure.

She was definitely okay with that. She was more than happy to lose a night's sleep if it meant having Steele make love to her the entire time. She could always catch up after he and his team left.

The idea that it could be months before she saw him again left her with an achy hollow feeling, but she couldn't focus on that now. Not when he was between her legs giving her the best or*l s*x of her entire life.

"You checking out on me, Maren?"

She blinked and looked down to see Steele's head raised, his gaze boring into hers. She flushed. The very last thing she wanted him to think was that she wasn't into this and he wasn't satisfying her. Good grief, what woman in bed with him could ever think such a thing?

"No," she said huskily. "Definitely not."

"You with me then?"

"Oh yeah, I'm with you," she breathed.

"Is what I'm doing feeling good? You have to tell me if I'm not doing it right. I want this to be good for you."

Her heart melted at the tinge of uncertainty in his voice. She reached down and touched his cheek, letting her fingers run over his firm jawline.

"If you did it any better, I'd be in a pleasure-induced coma."

Another smile flashed, and she realized she could fast become addicted to his smiles. They were so rare and yet in the space of an hour she'd been on the receiving end of multiple smiles from this hard-as-nails warrior. Did anyone else ever see these? Somehow she didn't think they did, which made the fact that he was smiling for her even more precious.

"I want you out of your mind before I get inside you because I can't guarantee how long I'm going to last when I get inside that sweet p**sy of yours. Been fantasizing about it for too long."

She let out a blissful sigh. "Oh, I'm with you, Steele. No worries there. I want you inside me every bit as much as you want to be there. Promise."

Another grin flashed. "You been thinking about me too?"

Embarrassed heat scorched her cheeks. But if he could admit to his fantasies, she could definitely impart hers.

"Oh yeah. All the time."

"Too bad we're just getting around to this now."

"I don't know," she mused. "You said you wanted me out of your system. If we'd done this before, we wouldn't be doing it now, and right now I'm really glad it's tonight."

"Very good point. Let's enjoy tonight then."

She suppressed a sigh of unhappiness at the thought he wanted to have sex with her and be done. Not that she expected anything permanent. Steele wasn't a permanent kind of guy. But it still stung that he wanted to exorcise her and never have anything to do with her after they had sex.

Oh well, carpe diem and all that jazz. Tonight would just have to fulfill any urges she had where he was concerned.

His tongue swept from her entrance up to her cl*t and then rolled teasingly, eliciting a gasp from her.

"You like that."

His voice rumbled deeply from his chest, vibrating over her quivering flesh, sparking spasms of pleasure that coiled tautly through her midsection.

"Oh yeah, I like it a lot."

He sucked gently with just the right amount of pressure. Her knees shook uncontrollably and her thighs went to jelly. He moved his hand down between her legs and tentatively slid one finger inside her while he continued to tongue her clit.

Her orgasm was rising, sharp, wildly out of control. She panted in an effort to stave it off. Not yet. She didn't want it over so quickly. She wanted it to last. She wanted to savor every single minute of Steele in her bed, him touching and his mouth on her skin.

"Give me one, Maren. I want you to come in my mouth."

She let out a moan even as she fought it.

"I want it to last," she whispered. "I've dreamed about this too, Steele. I want it to last."

A soft chuckle rumbled over her skin. "There'll be more. I'm going to make you come many more times before I'm done with you."

"Oh," she breathed out. "In that case ..."

"In my mouth," he murmured.

He added a second finger, stretching her and softly caressing her slick passageway as his mouth continued his sensual journey, his tongue driving her to madness.

She arched upward, seeking more of his mouth, his fingers. So close. She teetered precariously, building, building.

"Steele."

His name slipped out. A plea.

"Let go, Maren. God, you're so beautiful. I wish you could see you the way I do right now. Flushed with pleasure. Your eyes glowing. Your skin pink. And you taste so unbelievably sweet."

His words sent her right over the edge. Plunging hard and fast. The room blurred and spun dizzyingly around her. Her breaths were coming so hard and fast she was near to hyperventilating.

"Fucking amazing," Steele growled from between her legs.

He licked and sucked, drinking deeply from her, until she was limp underneath him, completely sated. She lifted her hand as he rose over her and palmed his cheek as he came closer.

He turned his mouth in to her palm, pressing a kiss to the inside of her hand.

"Good?" he asked.

"Perfect."

She could barely get the one word past her lips. She'd never felt so good in her life. She didn't have the energy to move a single muscle. Thank goodness he seemed perfectly content to do all the moving for her.

He slid one hand between her legs, gently parting her thighs as he settled his big body over hers. He fumbled with the condom a minute with one hand while propping himself up off her with the other. Then he planted both hands on either side of her head and lowered his mouth to hers.

She sucked in a deep breath as his lips hovered temptingly over hers. She nudged her chin upward, impatient to have his mouth on hers.

She was rewarded when their tongues met in a heated clash. Hot, breathless. His tongue slid enticingly over hers, licking and sucking just as he positioned himself between her legs.

Her eyes widened when he started to push in. The head stretched her opening, sending streaks of pleasure winging through her limbs.

She knew he was big. She'd seen him. And she was dying to touch him. Wanted to know how he felt with her fingers wrapped around him. She wanted to know what he tasted like and she wanted to drive him crazy with her tongue, her lips, her mouth ...

But nothing prepared her for the way he felt. Hot and hard inside her. Her body stretching to accommodate his width and length. It was like nothing she'd ever experienced.

"Don't want to hurt you, Maren, but Jesus, you're so tight."

"It's been a while for me," she whispered, despite her earlier resolve not to let him know how long it had been since she'd had sex.

"Me too," he whispered back. "Guess we'll muddle through this together."

She laughed. The idea of Steele muddling through sex was hilarious. The man was talented. If this was his idea of rusty, she couldn't even imagine how he'd be practiced up. Her eyes were already rolling back in her head at the overwhelming pleasure she was experiencing.

She groaned when he pushed more forcefully into her. He expelled a long breath and she could see his teeth firmly set together. He was battling for control. It was evident in every line of his face.

Wanting to touch him, she let her hands glide up his muscled arms to his broad shoulders and then up to the thick column of his neck. He closed his eyes and moaned when she caressed him. He twitched inside her and drove deeper.

He kissed her temple, her cheek, the side of her head, and then he touched his lips to the side of her neck and nibbled at her ear.

"Beautiful," he murmured.

"So are you," she whispered next to his ear.

He slid his arms underneath her, gathering her closely against him. Her br**sts molded to his hard chest, their bodies entwined, her cradled in his arms. His h*ps rose as he withdrew and then he drove inward again, his body going flat against hers.

He held her several long moments, silent as his body drove into hers. Then his hold around her tightened and he rolled, carrying her with him. She gasped in surprise when she landed atop him, arms and legs sprawled.

She righted herself and planted her palms against his chest. She wiggled her h*ps experimentally and was rewarded by a strangled gasp from Steele and his grip tightened at her waist.

"Now this I've definitely fantasized about," Steele murmured. "Number three on my top ten. You on top, riding me hard."

"I'll do my best to make the real thing better than fantasy," she said cheekily.

Steele let out a grunt. "Already there, babe. Fantasy has nothing on the real thing. My imagination is good, but not this good."

She grinned and leaned down to kiss him, letting her br**sts brush over his chest. Her n**ples instantly hardened, and it felt so good that she did it again, rubbing the tips over his hair-matted chest.

She began slow, rotating and wiggling just enough to cause a hitch in his breath. Then she leaned forward and lifted her h*ps so he began to slide out of her. When she was barely clutching the tip of his cock, she glided back down, taking him whole.

It was heady having so much control over such an intimidating man. He was completely at her mercy.

Realizing he hadn't yet used his mouth on her br**sts-and it was something she was looking forward to a lot-she leaned into him, offering her nipple. It brushed tantalizingly over his lips and when his tongue shot out and rolled roughly over the sensitive peak, she gasped.

She offered him her other nipple and stilled so he could fasten his lips around it. He sucked strongly, licking over the tip as he held it between his teeth.

She began to tremble and realized he'd been right about her having multiple orgasms. She wouldn't have thought it possible to recover that quickly after such an earth-shattering release, but already she was fast climbing up that ledge all over again.

"Please," she whispered. "I want your mouth on me when I come."

He reached up and palmed one of her br**sts, molding it in his hands as he sucked the nipple into his mouth.

She moaned again, arching into him.

"I can't last a minute longer, Maren," Steele warned as he tongued her nipple.

She lowered her head until her hair streamed down over them both. "Come with me, then. Let's go together. I'm so close."

Even as she spoke, she writhed restlessly atop him, her body on fire. She needed relief. She itched, burned, from the inside out.

He clamped his hands over her ass, squeezing and molding the cheeks with his hands as she rode him. He powered his h*ps upward, driving into her, so she wasn't doing it all on her own. Then he reached one hand up and delved into her hair, twisting the strands around his fingers until his fist rested against her scalp. Then he yanked her downward to claim her mouth and kissed her until they were both gasping for breath.

"Help me," she pleaded.

Her strength was fast giving out. She wanted nothing more than to sprawl onto his chest and stay there for the rest of their time together. But then neither one of them would get off.

"My pleasure," he murmured.

He wrapped his arms around her and rolled until he was atop her once more. He stayed firmly embedded inside her and when she landed on her back, he went even deeper. She moaned raggedly and let out a satisfied sound that made Steele tighten all over.

"You make me crazy," he said against her lips. "You feel better than I could have ever imagined. Taste so sweet. So hot and wild. Silky soft in all the right places. You're beautiful, Maren. Don't ever doubt that."

She hitched her legs higher up his back and spread herself wider so she could take him even deeper. She felt wild and insatiable. It was fiercely satisfying. Bold. Wanton. She gloried in her newfound confidence. But there was something about seeing the desire in Steele's eyes and hearing from his own lips that he found her beautiful that was a huge ego booster.

He began to move faster and harder, his h*ps slapping the backs of her legs. Her entire body shook with the force of his movements. His gaze connected to hers and his blue eyes glittered in the low light of her bedroom lamp.

"Come with me this time," she whispered. "I'm almost there."

He groaned loud. "God, I'm there too. Can't hold on another second."

With a muffled shout, he surged deeply within her again and his entire body shook and spasmed against her. His h*ps twitched powerfully and his arms slid underneath her back, like steel bands around her, holding her tightly to his muscled frame.

Her orgasm was violent. Shattering around her like glass on concrete. It was almost too intense for her to bear. It bordered on pain and then it was the most pleasurable sensation she'd ever experienced.

She lost focus. Couldn't see. She could only feel. And hear the sounds of a satisfied male just inches away, pressed into her body.

She inhaled sharply, savoring the scent of sex and musk and male sweat. Then she kissed and licked his shoulder and then nibbled her way to his neck. He tasted wonderful. Everything about him was sexy. His scent, his taste and the way he felt against her. Inside her.

He was still pulsing within her, his h*ps still moving, slower than before, but each movement over her sensitized tissues elicited a tiny spasm that quivered through her belly.

He found her mouth again and kissed her roughly, not as gently as before. His breath was ragged and each breath blew hotly into her mouth.

He let out one last groan and then went still inside her. His h*ps were pressed solidly to hers, arms wrapped around her, holding her against him. He lowered his forehead to rest on hers and nibbled delicately at the corner of her mouth before peppering kisses over the bow of her lips.

"Fantasy had nothing on the real thing," he said in a lazy drawl.

He sounded like a completely satisfied male. His eyes gleamed in triumph. Then he grimaced and regret shadowed those formerly satisfied eyes.

"Need to get rid of the condom," he said in a low voice. "Don't move. I'll be right back."

As if she were going anywhere.

She lay sprawled on the bed, her entire body humming in satisfaction. She was deliciously drowsy but she didn't want to fall asleep because then her night would be over. They still had a few hours yet and she wanted to make the most of them.

She watched as Steele rose from the bed, enjoying the view of such a perfect male specimen in the nude. His muscles rippled as he turned to dispose of the condom. He was still hard, even after his release. And so beautiful he made her teeth ache.

When he turned farther, she caught a glimpse of the tattoo on his left shoulder. She hadn't noticed it before. She'd been too focused on everything else. Now, curious, she leaned forward, straining to see in the dim light.

He turned back after tossing the condom and cocked his head to the side.

"What's up?"

"Your tattoo," she said in a low voice. "I was looking at it. Didn't know you had one."

He paused but then nodded. "Yeah."

When he didn't say anything further, she sat up, trying to get a better look.

"Can I see?"

He sat on the edge of the bed and then turned so she'd get a better view.

She stared in earnest, absorbing the intricate pattern. A dove with wings outstretched as if landing, talons extended and curled around a blazing arrow. Clutched in the beak was a long-stemmed rose, and a single teardrop was falling from the eye of the dove.

Below the blazing arrow were two words. Never forget.

She reached her finger out to trace the edges of the design. There was something remarkably sad and tragic about the tattoo. A knot formed in her throat and she glanced up to check his reaction.

"What does it mean?"

He was quiet for a long moment, his gaze fixed on a distant focal point in the room.

"Just something I don't want to ever forget," he said quietly.

Sensing the subject was a sore one and also closed, she let it go. Instead she knelt up behind him and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. She pressed her cheek to the top of his head and held him tightly.

He reached for one of her hands and pulled it to his mouth, kissing the inside of her palm.

"Like being here with you," he rumbled. "It's nice. The quiet. You wrapped around me. Me being able to touch and smell you. Never thought it would happen."

"All you had to do was ask," she said against his head.

His body shook with silent laughter. "I was convinced if you had any clue how lascivious my thoughts were that you'd have my balls. And since you're usually in a position of power patching up our wounds, I really didn't want to piss you off."

She smiled. "So tell me, Mr. Badass, we've got a few hours until you pull out. What are we going to do with them?"

He swiveled in her hold, wrapping his arms around her as he dragged her onto his lap. He molded his mouth to hers and thrust his tongue past her lips, delving deep.

"I promised you multiple orgasms," he said against her mouth.

"Mmmm, so you did."

"I'm a man of my word. I never go back on my word."

"I can see that."

"Then know you're going to have many more orgasms."

"God, I hope so."

He chuckled and kissed her again. "I like your enthusiasm."

"Know what I want?" she asked.

"What's that?"

She leaned in until her lips brushed over his ear. "I want to taste you. You may have fantasized about how I taste, but I've had just as many fantasies about having your c*ck in my mouth and making you wild for me."

His entire body went rigid. He stiffened, his grip on her almost painful.

"I didn't think I could get any harder," he muttered. "Jesus, Maren. If you had any idea how long I've wanted my dick in your mouth."

She grinned. "Does that mean I get to fulfill my fantasy?"

"Oh hell yeah," he breathed. "I'm all yours. Do with me whatever you want."

CHAPTER 6

MAREN was awake the moment Steele slid from the bed. One minute she was snuggled deeply into his arms, her head resting against his shoulder, and the next she was wide awake as he slipped away.

Her heart was heavy with regret. She so wanted to hold on to this moment forever. She didn't want it to end. She'd savored every single minute with him, but now he was preparing to leave, and things would go back to the way they'd been before.

She would barely exist in his world. She would return to being ignored. No words and definitely none of those earth-shattering smiles she'd enjoyed for the past several hours.

"Steele?" she whispered.

She'd sworn to herself that she wouldn't say a word when it was time for him to go. She'd sworn she wouldn't make a fool of herself. Wouldn't humiliate herself or make herself vulnerable. That hadn't lasted long at all.

He turned just as he finished pulling his pants on. He walked to the edge of the bed and sat sideways, pulling up one leg so he faced her.

"You heading out?" she asked in a low voice.

Regret flashed in his eyes. Maybe he was as reluctant as she was to end their time together. She would keep that thought, even if it made her delusional.

"Yeah," he said just as quietly. "Time to meet the team and get the girl home."

"Be careful," she said lightly.

"Always."

To her shock, he leaned forward and kissed her long and leisurely. It was a slow, sensual kiss. Nothing like the heated, breathless kisses of the hours before. It was a sweet kiss, a gesture that showed tenderness and regard.

Her heart seized and a knot formed in her throat.

Damn it, she was not going to make an idiot of herself by getting all emotional. They'd had one night of sex, for God's sake. It wasn't like he'd put a ring on her finger and proposed. Or like he'd professed his undying love for her.

He'd been very clear that he was hav**g s*x with her to get her out of his system. It didn't get less romantic than that.

"Take care of yourself, Maren," he said.

"Always," she said, echoing his cocky response.

He touched her cheek and then rose as she pulled the sheets higher up her body. He looked down at her a long moment and then his lips firmed, almost as if he were resolving to leave. Then he turned and strode out of her bedroom. In the distance she heard her door open and close and then silence descended until she could hear every creak, every little noise outside her windows.

She closed her eyes and rolled into the space Steele had occupied. It was still warm from his body heat. It still smelled of him. She buried her face in the pillow where he'd rested his head and inhaled deeply.

It had been the best and worst night of her life.

The best in that she'd never had sex with a man who equaled Steele. She never would.

The worst in that it only clearly outlined everything she'd never have.

Sometimes it was better not to ever live the fantasy. Because when reality descended, it outlined in stark detail just how much the real world sucked. The whole adage about how it is better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all?

Complete BS.

In this regard, it was likely far better to have never had scorching-the-sheets sex with Steele than to have had it, tasted it and know she'd never have it again.

She closed her eyes, knowing she really needed to get up, shower and head to the clinic. The locals would be stirring and waiting for her to open. She faced another day just like all the other days. Illness, broken bones, minor injuries, checkups and cuts and wounds to stitch.

Another day in paradise.

The problem with that was that she'd spent the night in paradise. Now she faced the drudgery of her normal life. And now that she'd had a taste of utter perfection, the reality waiting for her was depressing as hell.

CHAPTER 7

THE KGI teams, all three of them, gathered in the war room of the Kelly compound for the post-mission report. Now that Christina Westlake had been delivered safely to her family and his own team had gotten the care they needed, Sam had called a meeting to get the rundown on the clusterfuck that was the extrication of Christina Westlake from the hands of Matteo Garza. Ten days had passed, but the mission still occupied Steele's thoughts, and not because it hadn't gone exactly as planned. It had everything to do with Maren and the unforgettable night they'd spent together.

Using that night to get her out of his system? Hell, she was further under his skin than ever. He couldn't sleep, because she was there as soon as he closed his eyes. Her scent, the way she'd felt against him. The way it had felt when he'd slid into the tight clasp of her body.

He shook off thoughts of her-she was more of a distraction than ever-and took in the other occupants of the room. He surveyed the newest team with a keen eye. He had a lot invested in them. He'd been responsible for the majority of their training while his team had been on "administrative leave" for several months.

They were good. They had a long way to go, but they were led by the youngest of the Kelly brothers, Joe and Nathan. Twins who'd served in the army until recently. Both had been discharged under less-than-ideal conditions. Joe had been injured but had returned home to heal. Nathan, however, had been kept a prisoner and tortured for months. His journey home had taken much longer and had come about in a highly unorthodox-and unbelievable-manner. Shea-now his wife-was a telepathic empath who'd reached out to him in his darkest hour and had saved him. Literally.

It was still hard for Steele to wrap his head around, but he'd witnessed the extraordinary abilities of Shea firsthand. He knew it wasn't bullshit. Just as he'd witnessed her sister Grace's amazing healing abilities.

The Kellys attracted all kinds, but they were good people. The very best. Steele wouldn't work for them otherwise.

He stared at the two newest recruits, Skylar Watkins and Zane "Edge" Edgerton. They, along with Nathan and Joe Kelly and Swanson, or "Swanny" as he was called, all made up the third KGI team.

Steele led his team, and the other team belonged to Rio. It was an adjustment to have another team that shared missions with them. Steele wasn't altogether sure he liked it. True, KGI was now able to take more missions than before, now that they had the extra team, but Steele was reserving judgment until he knew how much the new team was going to infringe on his team's action.

Steele didn't have a family to spend down time with. He had no wife. No loved ones. When he wasn't on a mission, he retreated to his farmhouse. Until P.J. and Cole had hooked up, his team hadn't had outside emotional ties either. They spent time with family, but for the most part, the team was their family. It was what made them perfect for the team. Their first loyalty was to KGI and to one another. Having no emotional baggage enabled them to give one hundred percent to their clients.

Already Steele sensed a deep thread of camaraderie within the new team. They were close knit. They'd trained together sixteen hours a day in the beginning. By the end, they were spending every hour of every day together. Steele firmly believed in the mantra Live and die by the team. It was something he had pounded into every one of his team members and a philosophy he'd tried to enforce on the new team as well. By the looks of it, he'd at least been partly successful.

Giving a nod of satisfaction to Sam Kelly, who was also eyeing the newest team, Steele relaxed and leaned back against the wall as he waited for the meeting to begin. Already he was plotting his escape to his home, where he could enjoy peace and solitude.

Thoughts of Maren invaded again, and his lips tightened. So maybe hav**g s*x with her hadn't been the best idea. In the back of his mind, he'd known that once wouldn't be enough, but he'd reached the point of desperation. He couldn't function for thinking about her. Once it had become apparent his team needed to stop in for medical care, he'd been consumed with images of her. Of him being inside her. Of what she'd look like nak*d. Of how she'd taste.

God, he could still taste and smell her.

Oh, he could have gone elsewhere for medical treatment. He could have flown stateside with his team and had the girl taken care of on U.S. soil. Her parents would have likely preferred that option over waiting another day before they saw their daughter safe and sound.

But Steele had seized the opportunity to finally address the attraction between them. He hadn't known whether it was reciprocated, but he'd been determined to lay it out and get her into his bed. Or rather her bed. It was stupid to think hav**g s*x with her once would actually satisfy him and get her out of his head. He'd thought of little else ever since crawling out of her warm bed several days before. Thank God she was thousands of miles away and not readily accessible or he'd likely be on her doorstep the minute he got out of this damn meeting.

He had to get it under control. This obsession sucked. He prided himself on having iron control. Being cool and unflappable in any circumstance. He damn sure hadn't been in control when he'd finally gotten her nak*d. He'd acted like an eager rookie seeing action for the first time.

He shook his head, cursing his inability to focus on the matter at hand.

"Steele?"

He looked up to see the others staring at him. Sam had a peculiar look on his face, and it was then Steele realized the meeting had long since started and Sam was evidently waiting on his report.

Fuck.

"You with us?" Garrett Kelly asked dryly.

Steele bit back the urge to tell him to f**k off and cleared his throat instead.

"Where are we?" he asked calmly, ignoring the surprised looks from his own team, much less the looks from the rest of the assembled members of KGI.

Donovan arched one eyebrow. "We were waiting for your rundown of the mission."

"Not much to tell. We went in, got the girl, we got out."

"And the dead bodies?" Garrett asked pointedly.

"Collateral damage," Steele replied. "It was unavoidable. Garza got stupid. It was either him or one of us. We gave him every opportunity to stand down. I was clear that all we wanted was the girl. He was equally clear that he didn't give a shit about her. That should have been the end, but his ego took a hit because we made him and his security look like amateurs. He pulled a gun. Dolphin had no choice but to fire."

"And the girl?" Sam prompted. "How did she end up with a bullet wound?"

Steele's eyes narrowed at the question.

"She threw herself in front of Garza. Winged her but hit Garza."

Dolphin nodded and started to speak up, but Steele silenced him with a look. Steele was responsible for the mission. He was responsible for his team. He and only he answered to the Kellys.

Sam sighed. "Her parents are thrilled with her safe return, but they're less than thrilled over the fact that their daughter got shot by the people charged with her extrication."

Steele shrugged. "She's alive."

Donovan bit back a chuckle. "That's true enough."

Garrett nodded. "Considering the situation, we're damn lucky she didn't get killed. I'm satisfied with the mission and the results."

Steele lifted an eyebrow in Garrett's direction. "Was there any doubt?"

"No," Sam broke in. "I just wanted your side. Her parents have asked for a full report and I wouldn't provide one, or an explanation as to how their daughter was injured, until I heard directly from you. As far as I'm concerned it was a righteous mission and it was successful. But I also wanted to be able to provide her parents with in-depth details so they know what kind of man their daughter was mixed up with. Maybe she'll make better choices in the future once she realizes Garza didn't give a shit about her or whether she took a bullet for him."

Garrett snorted. "Not likely."

Sam glanced Steele's way again. "You up for training team three a few more weeks? Our schedule is clear for the next while, and I wanted to take advantage. Rio is heading back to Belize for some R and R."

Reading between the lines, Rio was going back to his wife, Grace, and their adopted daughter Elizabeth, and he'd be off the grid for a while. Which meant Steele pulled training duty. Again.

"As long as the rest of my team gets some time off," Steele said.

The frowns on his team members' faces told Steele they weren't happy with his directive, but he also knew they could use some more downtime. Cole and P.J. were newly married and still working through some heavy shit. He'd never offer P.J. disrespect by saying it in front of the others, but she needed more time to focus on her healing and her relationship with Cole. A happy, well-adjusted team meant a more focused, competent team, and in their line of work, they couldn't afford fuckups.

The rest of his team could use the downtime as well. They were a tight-knit group and Baker, Renshaw and Dolphin had taken the shit that had gone down with P.J. hard.

Sam nodded. "Done. Time off. Next mission will be drawn by Rio and his team unless we get something on the fly in the next few weeks, and then, depending on what the situation is, Nathan and Joe can take the assignment with either you or one of us as team lead."

Steele nodded. Though Sam, Garrett and Donovan didn't officially lead any of the teams, they'd taken the lead plenty of times, often taking missions with Steele and his team or Rio and his. With the addition of the new team, it was doubtful Sam would send them off on their own for some time. Which meant the oldest Kelly brothers would head the newest team on any missions they were assigned.

"We can help with training," P.J. spoke up, a frown knitting her brows. "We've had enough downtime."

Cole slid an arm around her in support as he looked in Steele's direction. "You haven't had any downtime, boss man. The rest of us have. We could help with training while you take some R and R."

Steele shook his head. "Training is downtime. You don't get a choice in this. You're off work until I say differently."

P.J. rolled her eyes, but there was something else there when she looked at Steele. Gratitude. Loyalty. And shadows still lurked in their depths. Steele wanted those gone. It would take a while. It wouldn't happen overnight. But he worried about P.J. Even as he understood what she needed most was normalcy. A routine. Working with her team. That was the best medicine. But even the best medicine had to be given in moderation.

"Take a few weeks off," Steele said. "We just came off a mission. You're due. I don't want to see any of you until I call you up again. We clear?"

Dolphin grinned. "Yes, your almightiness. We'll bug out and get out of your hair."

"Thank fuck," Steele muttered.

"Good God, the man is cracking jokes again," Renshaw said in horror. "What's this world coming to?"

"If we're done, I'm bugging out. Got a flight to catch," Rio said, speaking for the first time. But then that was Rio. Quiet. Reserved. His entire team kept to themselves, quiet and moody just like him. The rest of KGI often joked that Rio and his team were cave dwellers. But Steele could definitely see the positives in that. Everyone had their own version of their caves. Steele's just happened to be his farmhouse on his hundred-acre spread not far from the KGI compound.

It paid to stick close. It was a bitch having to fly in every time they pulled a mission. It was why he'd bought the acreage in Tennessee. He could have his solitude but never be far from the action. Now that P.J. had married Cole, they lived at Cole's place just a thirty-minute drive from the compound.

"Give Grace and Elizabeth our love," Donovan said to Rio.

"And Shea wants to know when you're bringing Grace for a visit," Nathan interjected. "She's been hounding me for days."

Rio smiled in Nathan's direction. "Tell her soon. I want some time with them before I share her with the rest of her family."

Nathan nodded. "I'll let her know."

They were interrupted by a cell phone going off. Everyone glanced around, but it was Ethan who scrambled for his phone. Usually they left their phones off during meetings and mission report, but Ethan's wife, Rachel, was expecting twins, and Steele recognized the ringtone as being hers.

Ignoring everyone else around him, Ethan picked up the phone and stuck it to his ear.

"Everything okay, baby?"

He went silent and then his eyes widened.

"Holy shit. Okay, stay calm. I'll be right there."

Ethan disconnected the call and everyone stared expectantly at him.

"That was Rachel," he said unnecessarily. It wasn't like the big man called anyone else baby. It fascinated Steele how such big, badass men dissolved into putty around the women they loved. Four of the Kelly brothers had married and so had Rio. Dolphin and Renshaw had a betting pool as to who the next victim would be and who would fall head over ass in love next.

Steele let them have their fun just as long as his damn name wasn't in the running. He didn't begrudge the others their happiness if that was what did it for them. But he wasn't in a hurry to make himself vulnerable by handing over his balls to a woman like so many members of KGI had already done. No thanks.

"Everything okay?" Garrett asked in concern.

Ethan took a deep breath and ran a shaking hand through his short-cropped hair. "Yes. No. Hell, I don't know. Rachel's in labor. She thinks it's the real thing."

Sam frowned. "I thought she was scheduled for a C- section next week? They aren't going to let her deliver, right? Aren't the babies still breech?"

"Uh, yeah," Ethan muttered. "Tell them that, though. I gotta split. She's at the house and I need to get her to the hospital."

"Better let me drive you," Donovan said, putting a hand on his younger brother's shoulder. "You're shaking like a leaf. Wouldn't want you to end up in a ditch and having to deliver the babies yourself!"

Ethan paled. "Uh, yeah, maybe that's a good idea."

CHAPTER 8

THREE hours later Steele found himself standing in the crowded maternity waiting room with not only the rest of the Kelly family but also most of KGI as well. All waiting anxiously for the newest arrivals into the Kelly fold.

Excitement and an air of expectancy permeated the entire waiting area. Marlene and Frank Kelly were present, as was Rusty, the youngest Kelly adoptee into the family. She was home for the summer between her freshman and sophomore years of college and was currently helping out in Frank's hardware store.

Even Sean, the local sheriff's deputy and also an honorary member of the Kelly family, was in attendance. Tension was thick. Garrett was pacing as Sarah stood to the side, hands twisted in front of her. Sam sat with Sophie while Donovan distracted and teased their daughter, Charlotte. Nathan and his wife, Shea, sat off to the side while Joe, Swanny, P.J., Cole, Dolphin, Renshaw and Baker all sat on the floor against the wall. There were people everywhere. Far too many. Steele was itching to be gone, but he waited, just like the others, for news of the twins' safe delivery.

This was a day long awaited by all of the Kellys. Rachel had been the first to marry into the Kelly family. She and Ethan had traveled a long, winding road back to one another. Rachel occupied a special place in all their hearts, and that extended to the teams as well. They'd all gone on the mission to rescue Rachel after it was discovered she was alive and held prisoner after everyone-including Ethan-had believed her dead an entire year.

Even if Steele was uncomfortable in this environment, surrounded by happy, rejoicing people who had an unbreakable bond, he wanted to show his support. KGI was his family. He was loyal to them above and beyond just being people he worked for. And he wanted to support Rachel. One of the strongest, most loving women he'd ever met. He had a hell of a lot of respect for her. And he'd go to the wall for her-and any Kelly who ever needed his help.

"How much longer will it be?" Shea asked anxiously.

Nathan rubbed his hand down her back and smiled. "It can't be too much longer. They took her back over an hour ago."

Steele had overheard enough of Ethan's conversations with his brothers to know that he and Rachel had opted not to find out the sex of the babies before their birth. He'd also heard enough to know it was driving Marlene insane not to know because she was dying to go shopping for her newest grandchildren.

He sent a sidelong glance in Rusty's direction. She was standing to the side, alone, but then that wasn't anything new. She'd always been a loner. Steele liked that about her. She wasn't clingy or needy, although she was more vulnerable than she allowed others to think. She'd perfected the "I don't need anyone" attitude, but it had softened considerably since she'd loosened up and accepted the love and support of the Kellys-in particular Frank and Marlene, who considered her a daughter.

She'd grown into a beautiful young woman now that she'd gotten rid of the crazy neon colors and a lot of the sulky attitude. Though Steele couldn't really fault her for either. She'd had some hard knocks very early in life. He admired her resiliency. She was smart and extremely loyal to the Kellys. But then no one he knew was anything but staunchly loyal to the close-knit family.

Rusty glanced up, as if she'd felt his gaze. She looked briefly alarmed, and that didn't sit well with him. He might not give a fuck, as a rule, what people thought about him or what impression he gave them, but he didn't get off on scaring teenage girls. Though she was barely a teenager anymore.

"How's school?" he asked her.

It was a lame question, especially since her semester had ended weeks ago. But then he hadn't seen her nor had he had the occasion to speak to her. Ever.

She smiled hesitantly, almost as if she were testing the waters to see if he was going to bite her.

"It's going really well," she said softly.

"What are you studying?" he asked politely.

Confusion crinkled her brow and she cocked her head sideways. Not that he could blame her. He wasn't a polite guy. He also wasn't into casual, polite conversation. But what the hell else was he supposed to do in a standing-room-only waiting area surrounded by anxious, celebratory people all waiting for newborn babies to ooh and aah over and say stupid shit like, "Oh my God, look how cute!"

As if any newborn was ever cute.

They were wrinkled, red and noisy.

They were definitely not cute.

"Uh, well, I'm still kind of deciding," she said in a low voice.

Even as she spoke, she glanced around as if she were worried they would be overheard and she was bringing up a sore subject.

"You have plenty of time. Freshman year is more about getting your feet underneath you and figuring out the lay of the land."

She blinked in surprise. "That's kind of what I thought, but ..." She broke off and jerked her thumb in the direction of the Kelly brothers. "They don't exactly see it that way. They think I'm a fuckup because I didn't know what I wanted to study before I ever set foot in a university."

Steele lifted an eyebrow at her choice of words. Not that he was remotely offended by profanity-as if! But the Kelly men had thawed considerably in their treatment and opinions of Rusty. He doubted they'd voiced those exact words or called her a fuckup just because she hadn't declared a major yet. It was more likely she was sensitive-overly sensitive-about the issue and worried that they looked down on her for not being more decisive.

"Have you narrowed your choices down at all?"

Rusty bit her lip and again shot a glance to the side, but this time her gaze lighted on Sean. When she spoke, it was in lowered tones as if she didn't want anyone to overhear.

"I'm really interested in criminal justice, but Sean thinks it's a terrible idea and I can't imagine the guys would like it either. They'd probably have a cow at the thought of me doing anything remotely dangerous."

There was a note of frustration in her voice that told Steele she was serious, even if the way she said it was meant to be flip, like she didn't care or that she wasn't strongly considering a career in law enforcement. She just didn't want to be shot down and was already steeling herself for the possibility. Nobody liked to look stupid or to be made to feel stupid.

"Doesn't matter what Sean thinks," he said bluntly. "Or the other Kellys, for that matter. It's your life. Are you interested in law enforcement?"

She blinked in surprise and her lips parted, forming a small O. "You don't think it's stupid?"

He shrugged. "It doesn't matter what I think either. That's a choice you have to make for yourself. No one else can make it for you."

She bit into her lower lip, a clear sign of her frustration. She wanted-needed-guidance. She was still young and impressionable.

"But if you're asking my opinion, I think you'd make a fine law enforcement officer. I'm of the mind that you can be damn well whatever you want if you apply yourself and stick to it."

Her eyes widened. "Really?"

He almost smiled. He caught himself, because by the way Maren had reacted he realized he obviously didn't smile very often, and the last thing he wanted was overreaction by anyone watching him and Rusty.

"Yeah, really."

Her eyes sparked and danced with merriment. "Man, wait until I tell Sean this. The biggest badass on the planet thinks I'd make a good law enforcement officer."

Steele sighed.

"What?" Rusty asked innocently. "If you think I'd make a good cop, then who else do I need to convince? You'd be the hardest sell."

He shook his head. "I almost feel sorry for the citizens you'll be sworn to protect."

Sean walked up then, a frown wrinkling his forehead. "Rusty, you still talking about a career in law enforcement?"

Rusty clammed up, her eyes went flat and her posture immediately stiffened. She went from relaxed to on the defensive in a split second.

"Steele thinks I'd be good at it," she said quietly.

Sean's mouth tightened. "It's too damn dangerous for you. Choose a safer profession. Preferably one that makes better money."

She rolled her eyes. "KGI makes good money. I don't see any of them starving."

"They aren't your average police officer," Sean said patiently. "And no way in hell you need to even contemplate a career with KGI. Sam would shit a brick and so would Marlene."

"You don't think I can hack it," Rusty said coolly.

"I'm not picking a fight with you, Rusty. So chill. I just think you're making a mistake. If I'd given you my stamp of approval, you would have chosen something else. From now on I'll support all your bad ideas just so you'll ditch them out of spite."

Hurt flickered in Rusty's eyes and she glanced downward to hide her reaction. Steele hadn't missed it, but he didn't imagine anyone else saw it or was paying as close attention as he'd been.

"Everything isn't about you, Sean," she said in a low voice. "What I do with my life has nothing to do with you. I don't make choices based on what I think you'll like or not like. You give yourself way too much credit. I'm going to choose what makes me happy and I'm going to choose a job that I can be proud of. I'm going to make Marlene and Frank proud. The rest of you would have written me off long ago, but they didn't. They're the only people I give a damn about. Theirs is the only opinion that matters to me."

She turned swiftly and walked away. At the doorway, she smiled unconvincingly at Marlene and told her she was taking a bathroom break.

"Well, hell," Sean muttered.

"Lay off her," Steele said bluntly. "She's a good kid. Has her head on straight."

Anger glinted in Sean's eyes. "I know that. But come on. A police officer? Would you want your wife or sister or female cousin working in law enforcement? Especially someone as emotionally fragile as Rusty is?"

"You don't give her enough credit," Steele said. "She may very well surprise you if you give her half a chance."

Sean's lips tightened and he glanced in the direction Rusty had gone. "She thinks I'm on her case. And maybe in the beginning I was. But I'm not and I haven't been. She only sees the way things were when she first came into Frank and Marlene's life. You say I don't give her enough credit, but she doesn't give me that same credit. She's too busy wrestling with that chip on her shoulder to see that there are people who genuinely care about her and don't want to see her hurt or killed in her choice of professions."

Steele nodded. "That may be so. But if that's what she really wants to do ..."

"Maybe she'll change her mind," Sean murmured.

"Is it because she's a woman?" Steele asked curiously. "I imagine P.J. and Skylar would have a few choice words for you if that's the case."

Sean frowned. "It has nothing to do with her sex. It has to do with her. She's had a tough time. She had a hard life before Marlene and Frank entered the picture. I don't see her thriving in a job that will only remind her on a daily basis where she came from."

Steele didn't let his surprise show, but he was beginning to get a clearer picture of the situation. Sean cared about her and he wanted to protect her. Wrap her up in a bubble and shield her from everyday life. If it were only that easy.

The entire room went silent when Ethan burst through the door, a cheek-splitting grin plastered all over his face.

"Boys! Healthy twin boys!"

The room erupted in whistles, cheers, laughter and a few sobs.

"Grandsons," Frank said in wonder as he hugged Marlene to him. "I'll be damned. Twins. Just like Nathan and Joe."

Joe grinned across the room. "Hope they're prettier than me and Nathan!"

"On their worst day they'd have that covered," Garrett muttered.

Nathan flipped Garrett the bird, which elicited a reprimand from Mama Kelly.

"You guys have to come see!" Ethan exclaimed. "They're cleaning them up in the nursery now."

The waiting room emptied as they all clambered down the hall to the nursery. Steele was swept along with the others amid a chorus of excited chatter, backslaps and hugs. It was a regular gush fest. He'd never seen so much smiling and happiness in one place. Not since ...

He slammed the door shut on old memories, forced his mind to go blank and the icy shield to descend. When he felt better in control, he drew in a breath and allowed himself to be propelled toward the nursery window.

"Oh my gosh, look how beautiful they are!" Shea exclaimed.

"So cute!" Sarah gushed.

"I wanna see," Charlotte said plaintively from her position on the floor, her head barely scraping the bottom of her father's knee.

Sam reached down and boosted her up into his arms. She clung to his neck and then squealed in excitement when she laid eyes on the two bundles the smiling nurses were holding up for everyone to see.

"I want babies," Charlotte announced, clapping her hands together.

Sam chuckled. "Better talk to your mama about that, little one. I'm thinking you could use a little sister to boss around."

"Oh Sam, really?" Sophie said in exasperation. "She'll never leave me alone now!"

Sam grinned and leaned down to kiss his wife. "Then I guess you better give us what we both want. Another baby!"

"We should leave now, Nathan," Shea muttered. "It's contagious!"

Everyone burst into laughter.

"You can all come into Rachel's room as soon as she's out of recovery," Ethan announced. "They'll bring the babies in as soon as they finish cleaning them up."

Steele opened his mouth to give his excuses and get the hell out of there but the roar of conversation, excited exclamations over the babies and congratulations and backslaps drowned out anything he would have said.

Two hours later, he found himself stuffed into Rachel's room with the rest of KGI and assorted team members, and he realized he hadn't even eaten. He was starved, he was deafened by all the chatter and his head was about to explode.

Rachel was glowing with happiness, her eyes alight with joy, her cheeks flushed and rosy. Not bad for a woman who'd just had her belly cut open and her insides pulled out and put back in.

He went into panic mode-and he did not panic, ever!-when one of the babies was suddenly shoved into his arms. He went rigid, terrified that if he so much as breathed, he'd break it. Or drop it. Or get peed or pooped on ...

He'd rather handle a live grenade than have this squirming, warm ... really cute little person ...

He studied the tiny features and watched in fascination as the baby blinked and stared up at him, almost as if he were perfectly aware of his surroundings.

"Holy shit, who has a camera? Get the damn phone out. We can't miss this. This is the money shot, folks!" Dolphin hooted. "Boss man with a baby. I'm so making this my screen saver."

Steele was nearly blinded as a multitude of flashes went off in the room.

"Way to make me drop the kid," he muttered.

"You look good with a baby in your arms," P.J. said mischievously.

"Yeah, you're a natural," Cole chimed in.

He sent them all dark, quelling looks. When he glanced up to where Sam, Garrett and Donovan stood by Rachel's bed, they were all fighting grins and stifling laughter. Bastards. All of them.

"How the hell did I end up with the kid anyway?" Steele demanded. "He's being passed around like a damn party favor. Don't you have to worry about germs or infections?"

Ethan grinned and deftly retrieved the bundle from Steele's arms. They felt oddly empty, bereft of the warm, cuddly infant. He stared down at his empty hands for a long moment and then glanced back up to where Ethan was gently handing Rachel both of the babies.

He was struck by the picture she presented. Never had he seen a happier woman. And this was a woman who deserved happiness above all others. She'd been to hell and back, and she'd not only survived it but she'd kicked the devil's ass in the process.

"You did good, sweetheart," Steele said to Rachel.

He was treated to several surprised expressions. One, he never used endearments. He just wasn't a warm, affectionate guy. Two, he didn't typically offer unsolicited conversation. But he'd never forget Rachel the way she'd looked, gaunt, scared out of her mind. Dirty, tattered clothing, pointing a gun at him and then Sam because she had no idea who the f**k they were. And he'd never forget the assurances he'd given her then and there that he'd never allow those bastards to take her back and that he'd make damn sure she and Ethan got back home where they belonged. It was a promise he'd kept.

Rachel's smile lit up the entire room as she beamed at Steele.

"Thank you, Steele," she said sweetly.

He took a step forward and people moved left and right to clear a path toward her bed. He leaned over and kissed her forehead and then gently touched each of the blankets surrounding the babies' heads.

"Cute kids," he said.

Ethan and Rachel both smiled.

"I'm going to get on out of here and leave you to rest. You've had a hard day, little mama. Better catch some Zs now because when you go home there's no sending them back to the nursery."

Rachel laughed. "Don't remind me! And thank you, Steele. I'm glad you were here."

"I'm glad I was too," he said softly.

And he was. Today had been special in the Kelly family. Not just the immediate family but also the extended family that included all the KGI members.

They'd all had a hand in the mission that brought Rachel back home where she belonged. It was only fitting that they all be present when Rachel stepped out of the shadows and fully into the sun. The entire family was gathered, happy and rejoicing over the addition of two new Kellys into the pack.

Yeah, it was a good day. The perfect end to-and in many ways the beginning of-a chapter in Ethan's and Rachel's life.

He stepped back, making a sudden decision, one that had been nagging him for days. He'd sworn that he'd have that one night with Maren and never look back. But he wanted to see her again. She was becoming an obsession and he didn't do obsession. The only thing he'd ever been obsessed with was his job.

But now he was overwhelmed with the urge to see her again. He wanted to touch her, feel her against his skin, inhale her scent and lose himself in her arms for another night.

As he walked past Sam, he motioned for him to follow him into the hall. Sam walked out, his brow furrowed.

"What's up?" Sam asked.

"I'm bugging out. Know I said I'd be available for training, but that's going to have to wait. If you need me, buzz me. I won't be home."

Sam sent him a curious look but didn't pry. Not that Steele would have offered up any further information.

"Things are quiet, but then we rarely have much advance notice. I'll be in touch if I need you. You going to let your team know you'll be out of pocket or should I?"

Steele shook his head. "I'll let them know. Catch you later."

"Want to use the Kelly jet?" Sam offered.

Steele didn't rise to the bait. Sam had guessed he was traveling off, but he wasn't about to use the KGI jet and have it logged that he was flying to Costa Rica. He'd catch his own damn flight.

CHAPTER 9

MAREN applied a tourniquet to her own arm and made a fist as she lined up the butterfly needle to insert in her vein. It was hard to focus on drawing her own blood when the reason for doing it weighed so heavily on her mind.

She was probably being silly. They had used condoms after all. But her period was regular to the day. Never early. Never late. And she was three days late.

Not to mention her queasiness in the mornings, and her br**sts were tender to the touch. It was probably all in her head. A part of her wondered if subconsciously she wanted to be pregnant and her body was just playing along with that hope. Mind over matter.

But a pregnancy would be a complication she was ill equipped for. Not to mention she doubted Steele would take the news well that he might be up for impending fatherhood. No way in hell she was breathing a word to him until she knew for certain one way or another. The last thing she wanted was to get him worked up over a possibility and then have it all be a false alarm. He'd never come near her again, and who could blame him? Nothing like a pregnancy scare to prevent any future intimacy.

Not that she imagined he would be lining up for a repeat of that first night. He'd made himself abundantly clear that it was a onetime deal and that he wanted her out of his system. She still wasn't sure how she felt about that. But it was doubtful she'd see any more of him. Though he'd said it would be business as usual, and it wasn't as if they were chatty all the other times they came into contact, but there was no way she'd be able to look him in the eye and pretend she didn't know what he looked like nak*d. Nor did she want to forget what he looked like nak*d. That was a memory she'd take to her grave.

With a sigh she packaged the blood sample, affixed the fictitious patient name, though it was silly since she and whatever lab rat did the testing would be the only people to see the name, and put it in the bag with the other blood samples from her patients she'd gathered.

She'd send off her blood sample with the rest of the labs she'd collected for her own peace of mind. Once the thought of pregnancy had entered her mind, it had ruled her entire existence and she'd been unable to think of anything else.

She pushed away from her desk and then looked out her window to see the courier who picked up her labs drive up to the clinic. Perfect timing. No time to chicken out and remove her specimen. She snagged the insulated bag, zipped it up and hurried toward the entrance.

The driver met her at the door with a friendly smile. He collected the bag from Maren and then hurried back to his van with a wave. Her pulse raced and she had to quell the urge to yell for him to come back. She bit her lips and forced herself to remain still until the vehicle was out of sight.

With a sigh she turned back and walked inside the clinic to lock up for the night. Her patient load had been light today and her last patient had left the clinic an hour before, leaving Maren to finish up the labs and draw her own blood.

After turning off all the lights, she let herself out the front and locked the door. She walked slower to her cottage, the afternoon sun warm on her skin. She palmed her belly, wondering if even now there was a tiny life forming inside her. Then she castigated herself for dwelling on it so much.

If it turned out she wasn't pregnant, would she be relieved or disappointed?

It wasn't a question she had the answer to. There was a small part of her that welcomed the idea of a baby, no matter how ill prepared she was for having a child. And a much larger part of her that panicked at the mere thought.

But there was absolutely nothing she could do about it now except wait for the results of the blood test. And it did her no good to play the what-if game. It would only make her crazy.

It was warm in her cottage, so she opened the windows to allow the breeze in and circulate more air. She had no desire to cook and so she rummaged through her cabinets for something quick and easy.

She put a kettle of water to boil for her routine cup of tea after a day of work, selecting a tea bag and placing it in her favorite mug that one of the locals had gifted her with. It was handpainted, a beautiful array of colors, vivid, in russet earth tones. It soothed and comforted her, and she definitely needed calming today.

Deciding on a sandwich with locally made cheese and a homemade herb spread she'd picked up from a local street vendor, she sat at her tiny table and stared through the picture window, enjoying the breeze on her face.

She savored every sip of the tea and decided that she'd have another and maybe get in some reading as a reward for a shorter day. It wasn't often she finished with her patients before nightfall. And even when she'd closed down and gone home, she was often visited at her cottage after hours by people in need of medical attention.

She preferred not to make house calls, because she liked to be certain what she was getting into, but she'd delivered two babies in their homes when labor had progressed too quickly for the women to make it to a hospital.

After finishing the first cup of tea, she set the kettle off the stove and turned it off, deciding to shower and change into more comfortable clothing before indulging in her second cup and a good book.

Twenty minutes later she returned to the kitchen, her still-damp hair combed out and hanging down her shoulders. She was pouring the boiling water into her mug when a knock sounded at her door.

She sighed because she knew she'd jinxed herself by thinking how nice it was to have had an early day. Nothing like inviting a house call by making plans for a quiet, relaxing evening.

Setting her cup aside, she went to her door and cracked it an inch. Dusk had fallen, but she had no problem making out the man standing in her doorway, his expression indecipherable. Her eyes widened as she continued to stare dumbly at him.

"Going to invite me in?" Steele asked gruffly.

For a moment she just stood there, unable to make her mouth work, and her body refused her brain's commands to step back and let him in.

"Steele," she said faintly.

"Glad you remember me," he said dryly.

"What are you doing here?"

"I came to see you," he said shortly. Then he looked pointedly at the door handle she still clutched with her hand.

She hastily stepped back, opening the door wider as she gestured for him to enter.

He strode in as if he belonged and then stood in the living room, turning to face her as she closed the door and turned her attention to him.

They stared in silence, him studying her every bit as much as she studied him. Her tongue was tied. She couldn't think of a single thing to say to him. He was the very last person she would have expected to show up.

Then it dawned on her that the only time she saw him was when one of his team members needed medical attention.

"Is something wrong? Is someone hurt? Should I head to the clinic?"

Steele slowly shook his head. "I came alone."

Her brow furrowed. "Why?"

He dragged a hand through his hair and briefly looked away. His entire stance signaled he was ill at ease. He didn't immediately answer and that puzzled her. He was blunt, straightforward. Never one to mince words. And yet he seemed to be having a hard time articulating his thoughts.

"I was supposed to get you out of my system. One night. Needed you out from underneath my skin," he finally bit out.

Her eyes narrowed. "Yeah? And how's that working out for you?"

"Not too damn well," he muttered.

Then to her shock, he closed the distance between them and pulled her roughly into his arms. He angled his head and pressed his lips to hers, devouring her mouth in a hot, breathless, toe-curling kiss.

She sighed into his mouth and melted into him, her body going liquid. Desire pooled in her belly and she reacted instantly, wrapping her arms around his neck as he deepened the kiss.

"Been thinking of nothing else since that night," he murmured. "Had to come back. You're still under my skin, Maren. Can't get rid of you. I think about you. I dream about you. That night only made it worse."

She arched one eyebrow as she stared up at him. "And you think another night will help?"

"I don't know, but what I do know is that I'm going to die if I don't have you again. Make love with me, Maren. Spend another night with me."

Though technically it was a request, it didn't come out as one at all. It was more of a command, and it was voiced in a way that suggested he didn't need or want an actual answer.

She was an idiot for doing this. Especially in light of what she suspected. But how could she throw a damper on the entire thing by saying she might be pregnant, or that she even suspected she could be?

There was an urgency to his every movement. The way he kissed her. The way he voiced his "request." The way he looked at her, those intense blue eyes boring into her and heating her from the inside out. She couldn't tell him no any more than she could give up breathing. He wasn't the only one who'd thought of little else since that night, and it gave her immense satisfaction that he was here, when he'd sworn they'd only have one night.

"Do you want me, Maren? Do you ache like I do? Have you thought of that night?"

"Oh yes," she breathed. "I've thought of you every single night when I go to bed alone and wish you were there."

"Thank fuck," he muttered.

Then he yanked her back into his arms and covered her mouth hungrily, as though he were starving for her. His tongue, hot and urgent, slid into her mouth, between her lips, tasting her and teasing her tongue with his.

"Bedroom," he said between kisses.

"Lead the way," she whispered back.

He swept her into his arms-and oh man did she love it when he hauled her around like she weighed nothing-and carried her into her bedroom, just as he'd done that first night. This time he wasn't as gentle. He went with her onto the bed, coming down on top of her as she landed with a soft bounce.

His body pressed hard and urgent onto hers, his mouth never leaving her lips. As he kissed, he pulled at her clothing, pulled at his, somehow managing to get them both mostly nak*d while still devouring every inch of her mouth.

He pulled away long enough to yank his shirt over his head and tug impatiently at hers. His eyes glittered with satisfaction when he discovered she wasn't wearing a bra underneath the T-shirt she'd just changed into.

"Brought a lot more condoms this time," he said in a low rumble. "Plan on using every one of them."

She bit her lip so she wouldn't blurt out that they hadn't been terribly effective the first time. She wasn't going to ruin the moment, nor was she going to be stupid and play with fire by having him not wear a condom. If she wasn't pregnant already, not using a condom was the fastest way for her to end up pregnant after all.

"How many?" she whispered.

"A lot," he murmured back.

"I like a guy who comes prepared."

He grinned down at her, the urgency melting away as his eyes lightened.

"I plan to get very creative tonight. I'm taking some downtime and I plan to make very good use of it."

Her pulse accelerated. It sounded very much like he planned to hang around for a while. That was a complete one-eighty from the last time they'd hooked up, when he couldn't get out of the door fast enough after a night of hot sex.

He frowned as he stared down at her. "That going to be okay with you?"

She reached up to smooth the lines at his brow. "I'm thinking it's a very good way to spend your time off. I'll do my best to make sure you get at least one of those Rs. Can't promise how much rest you'll get, but I think we'll have the relaxed part covered."

"Like the way you think."

"We're both nak*d, and you're wasting time," she pointed out.

He reached for a condom and deftly rolled it on before positioning himself between her thighs.

"Going to be fast this first time. I want inside you so bad I'm about to come apart at the seams. But I'll make it up to you, Maren. I promise before the night is over, I'm going to make you come over and over."

"Mmmm, I like the over-and-over part. And you have a very talented mouth."

"I like the way you taste."

His voice sent a shiver over her body. She quivered in anticipation, on edge, waiting for him to penetrate her.

No, they hadn't had any foreplay, but she was so ready that it would be a miracle if she didn't start coming the minute he got inside her. Foreplay could come later. Right now she just wanted him as deep inside her as he could go, and she wanted it fast and hard.

"I want you," she whispered. "Hard, Steele. Fast and hard."

"Oh hell yeah," he breathed out.

He pushed inside her with one strong thrust. She arched her back and closed her eyes as a cry of pleasure ripped from her throat. He paused deep inside her and when she reopened her eyes, he was staring down at her, his gaze glittering, his jaw clenched tight.

"Give me a second," he ground out. "God, you feel so damn good. I could never get enough. I touch you and I'm ready to come."

"Then come," she murmured. "We have all night. You mentioned R and R, right? That means we have all the time in the world. I'm sure I can get you motivated properly after you come this time."

He smiled again and kissed her lingeringly. "Bet your ass you can motivate me. All you have to do is look at me and I get hard."

"Then let's go," she said urgently. "I need you, Steele. I'm right there with you. Make it happen for both of us."

He withdrew and plunged forward, rocking his h*ps against hers. He closed his eyes, his expression one of utter satisfaction. His entire body tightened, his muscles coiling and bunching at his chest and arms.

He rocked against her, withdrawing and then plunging deep, each time molding his body to hers, pressing her hard into the mattress.

He blanketed her, his warmth bleeding into her already flushed skin. She inhaled sharply, savoring his scent, and then she caught his mouth, wrapping her arms around his neck to anchor him firmly against her lips.

"Get there," he ground out. "I'm coming. Tell me what you need, Maren. Want you with me."

She slipped one hand between them and he lifted his h*ps just enough that she could slide her fingers over her clit. She stroked and found her sweet spot, rotating as he continued to thrust into her.

Her orgasm rose, quick and breathtaking. He was thrusting faster and harder, his h*ps straining against hers, trapping her hand between them.

Then he lowered his forehead to hers, so their noses touched and their lips hovered just a breath away.

"You undo me," he whispered.

Those simple words sent her flying straight over the edge. Her orgasm flashed and then came in wave after wave, pleasure coursing through her veins like a potent drug. She arched into him, straining to get closer. And then she cried out his name just before he claimed her lips again, sucking her breath into his mouth.

His h*ps crashed down, his body driving relentlessly into hers. She swallowed his hoarse cry as his release tumbled over him. And then finally he came down over her, his weight pressing her into the bed.

She pulled her hand free and wrapped both arms around him, stroking up and down his back as he shuddered with the last of his release.

He buried his face in her neck and she could feel his hot breaths against her skin.

"So damn beautiful," he murmured just below her ear. "Don't know how I'll ever walk away from you."

She went silent, some of her euphoria evaporating. No, she wasn't expecting anything permanent or anything crazy like commitment from him. But neither did she want him speaking of walking away when he was buried deep inside her, his body completely blanketing her.

"Then don't go," she whispered.

He pressed a kiss to her neck and then rolled to the side, slipping free from her body. When he got up to discard the condom, she reached down, testing for any sign of wetness or evidence that the condom had broken. But she felt nothing more than her own moisture.

Maybe the other was a fluke. Maybe it didn't break at all and maybe she wasn't pregnant. She wouldn't know for sure until those results came back. And if he planned on staying a while, it was likely he'd still be here when she got the results. Then, if she was indeed pregnant, she'd tell him face to face. It certainly wasn't news she wanted to deliver over the phone or by having a message passed along to him by Sam, Garrett or Donovan.

Satisfied that if he was hanging around he'd be there when she got the results back, she shoved the matter from her mind and focused instead on the gorgeous male specimen crawling back into her bed with a fresh condom in his hand.

Yeah, she liked a man who came prepared, and she was going to enjoy using every damn one of those condoms.

CHAPTER 10

MAREN woke from a dreamy fog that surrounded her. She was utterly sated, her body deliciously sore. Parts of her still throbbed and she stretched experimentally only to collide with a hard male form.

She turned her head, instantly seeing a muscled chest. She was lying flat on her back and Steele was on his side facing her, his leg and arm thrown possessively over her body. She let out a sigh and his eyes opened. He regarded her lazily, making no effort to loosen his hold on her.

"Good morning," he murmured.

"What time is it?" she whispered.

"Oh six hundred."

She groaned.

His eyebrow went up. "Everything okay?"

She grimaced. "No. I have to get up and get showered. My patients start showing up at the clinic at around seven. Sometimes earlier. It's first come, first served, and so they line up early and wait for me to open."

"Want some help?"

She blinked, not knowing what to say. She wasn't entirely certain what he'd planned to do while she was working or if he'd even planned to stay. They hadn't discussed it other than his saying he was taking some downtime. That could mean anything. Maybe she was just a stop on his way to somewhere else.

"Uh sure, if you want to come hang out at the clinic, I'd love the company."

"You jump in the shower first. I'll wash up after you're done. Do we have time for breakfast? I'll see what I can rustle up while you shower."

Okay, this was not Steele. Aliens had descended and taken over his body. Or maybe he'd been cloned. But this was not the Steele she knew at all. He sounded positively domestic.

"What's that look for?" he asked.

"You have to give me some time to process this, Steele. I mean, the first night was unexpected enough, and you made no bones about the fact that it was a onetime deal, you wouldn't be calling and you were working me out of your system. Next thing I know, you're back, we have hot monkey sex all night long and then you want to come hang out with me at the clinic after cooking me breakfast. Are you seeing why I'm a little befuddled here?"

The corner of his mouth quirked up. "Hot monkey sex? Is that what you call it?"

She rolled her eyes. "Trust you to ignore everything in my statement except the sex part."

"It's the most important point," he said smugly.

She stared balefully at him, waiting for him to expound.

He gave an exaggerated sigh. "If you want an explanation, I can't give you one because I have no idea what the hell is going on either. I couldn't stop thinking about you. It was bad enough before we actually had sex, but after? I haven't thought of anything else but you, and it's f**king with my focus. So now I'm here, and I'm liking being here a hell of a lot, and I'd like to hang out with you at the clinic because I came to see you, and if you're there and I'm here, I won't see you. And if I help out, maybe you'll get done quicker and we can go back to having that hot monkey sex you're talking about."

"Well, all righty then. I guess that about covers it all. You go make breakfast. I'll hit the shower and then we'll go to work."

He leaned over and kissed her thoroughly. "It's a plan then."

* * *

HAVING Steele at the clinic made for an interesting day. Not to mention he was terrific with her patients. She'd spent much of the morning gawking at just how good he was with the children. And the women as well. At first, they were intimidated by him, but in no time at all, they warmed up to his gruff personality and the children all clamored for his attention.

It was hard not to picture him with his own child. A child she could very well be pregnant with. She caught herself drifting off several times and then jerking herself back to the patient she was treating.

Seeing Steele in a nonprofessional capacity when he wasn't Steele the team leader, but rather Steele the ordinary, not-so-superhuman badass was ... eye-opening. Not that he was lacking in any way, but she was accustomed to his stern exterior and seeing him locked behind his warrior armor. The Steele she'd seen not once but twice now was challenging every preconceived notion she'd ever formed about him.

He was approachable. Suddenly very human and not the machine other members of KGI only half-jokingly called him.

She was drawn to the badass Steele, but the Steele she had been treated to the last two times they'd been together? Utterly irresistible.

She was in deep, deep trouble. Apart from any pregnancy concerns, she was fast falling under his spell, and that was the dumbest thing she could do. He wasn't relationship material. Hell, he'd been brutally honest about not liking the fact that she was under his skin. He didn't want her there and he didn't want to be sexually attracted to her. After he was satisfied, he'd be gone again, and she'd likely never see him again unless his team needed her services.

Which made her an even bigger idiot for agreeing to do this with him. Spend time, have sex, have a cozy, almost romantic breakfast for two. Him in her kitchen, shirtless, wearing only a pair of jeans she'd never seen him in, and day-um he looked mouthwateringly delicious in those jeans. They beat the hell out of the fatigues he always wore, although he made camo look pretty damn good.

If she had any self-preservation, she'd stay the hell away from him and not let him come and go on a whim when he got the urge to exorcise her from his system. So she was an idiot. Because she had no intention of denying him anything, even knowing this road was going to lead to heartbreak.

Steele poked his head into the exam room where she was finishing up bandaging an animal bite on a child's leg.

"I just put the last patient in the second exam room. The waiting area is clear. Want me to close down while you work the last one?"

She uttered a wistful sigh. How nice it was to work in tandem as they had today. Things had gone so much smoother with his help in organizing the patients, finding out histories and doing triage for her. His company had been a great comfort to her today. She liked it. Liked him being here in her space, her world. She was seeing a side of him she hadn't known existed because she'd never seen him outside the realm of KGI and his missions.

"Yeah, check outside to make sure no one else is coming or has arrived. If it's clear, lock up and we'll let the last patient out when I'm done."

He started to withdraw, but she called out to him. He paused and turned around, waiting for her to speak.

"Thanks," she said softly. "Today was nice."

He smiled warmly at her. She felt it all the way to her toes and it gave her a ridiculous, giddy thrill. She felt like a sixteen-year-old with a monster crush on the high school jock.

"You've done all the work. You're a good doctor, Maren. They trust you. You're great with them. I've always known you were good, but I've only seen you with my team. You work damn hard. I don't know how you do this every day, at all hours of the day and night."

She glowed under his praise, her cheeks burning with instant heat.

He gave her a two-finger salute and then left the room. She turned back to the child and sent his mother a look of apology. But the mom just smiled and winked.

"He is a good-looking man, yes?"

Maren smiled. "Yes, he certainly is that."

She patted the child's arm and then ruffled his dark hair. "Okay, you're all set," she said in Spanish. "Keep the bandages on and let your mother apply ointment and rewrap it. We don't want it to get infected, and whatever you do, don't pick at it."

Then to the mother she said, "Keep watch for signs of infection. If he starts running a fever or the wound gets red or starts looking infected, come back and I can give him an injection of antibiotics. Keep it clean and dry."

The mother nodded and then thanked Maren. She smiled at both and then led them from the exam room back to the waiting area, where Steele was just locking up.

When he saw them, he opened the door to let the mom and child out. He ruffled the child's hair and spoke to him in Spanish. The child beamed back and then followed his mother outside.

Steele closed the door and turned back to Maren. "I'll wait out here until you finish and then let the last patient out. How long do you normally stay after your last patient? Do you have to do paperwork or catch up on other stuff? You've been working nonstop today seeing patients."

Then he frowned. "You didn't even take a break to eat lunch."

"Neither did you," she pointed out.

He shrugged. "I've gone a hell of a lot longer than that without eating. Skipping one meal doesn't bother me."

"Me either. I often work through lunch. It's not fair to make them all wait so I can take an hour lunch. My clinic doesn't have set hours. If there are patients to be seen, I see them and I eat afterward."

"You got a grill?"

She blinked at the sudden change in topic. "Yeah, a small one. Nothing huge or anything."

"Big enough to cook the steaks I saw in your freezer? Or at least I think that's what they were."

She smiled. "Yep. One of the locals gifted me with four steaks from a cow they butchered recently. I suck at grilling and I hate the idea of them going to waste, but I didn't want to refuse and hurt the man's feelings."

"I'll throw them on the grill once we get back to your place. You can relax, put your feet up, and drink a cup of your tea while I make us dinner."

Her heart did a funny twist in her chest, and warmth invaded her veins. How they'd gotten from one night of never-to-be-repeated sex to acting like a couple was beyond her, but she'd hold on to the dream for as long as it lasted. There was plenty of time for reality to sink in later. Much, much later, if she had her way about it.

Carpe diem. It was fast becoming her motto.

"That's a deal," she said. "Let me run back and see what I'm dealing with and then we'll get on out of here."

Thirty minutes later, Steele waited as she locked the door behind them, and then he looped an arm around her shoulders as they began the walk back to her cottage.

Thanks to Steele's help, what would normally have been a very long day, with the number of patients who'd come through her clinic, they'd finished before dark and the sun was only just starting its descent on the horizon. The sky was painted pink and gold with lavender shades blending. It was a perfect late afternoon, verging on dusk. Sipping a hot cup of tea while Steele manned the grill was about as perfect an evening she could ask for.

He pulled her closer still, until she was nestled against his side as he matched his stride to hers. She was in no hurry, savoring the usually tedious, routine path that she'd walked hundreds of times before. But with him it was a new experience. Companionship, intimacy. Things she hadn't enjoyed until now.

Being with him brought home just how isolated her life was. Her schedule was fixed, rarely deviating from the norm. She woke, she worked, she came home. Wash, rinse and repeat. But today had been a wonderful change to her monotonous routine.

She slid her arm around his waist and leaned further into him, enjoying the feel of his muscled frame against her.

"Thanks again for today," she said softly. "I liked having you there."

She hoped she wasn't saying too much or that he'd take it as a hint or invitation. She didn't want to come across as demanding or expectant. But she wasn't going to be so nonchalant about his presence today. She didn't care if he knew just how much she'd liked having him around. The sex was great. No denying that. But his company was nice too. Just being together, even with her working. It had been nice to look up and see him there in her space. In her life.

He squeezed her shoulder, pressing her more firmly into his side. "I liked being there. I was impressed, Maren. I don't think I could do what you do every day."

"But you do. Sorta. You help people. I help people. We just do it differently."

"I guess you're right. But each mission is different. I never know going in what exactly I'm dealing with. You do the same thing day in, day out. And yet you don't act like you're fatigued with it. You had a smile for each patient and you looked genuinely interested in them. I guess what I'm trying to say is that it didn't look to me like you ran through your patients robotically, working by rote. You personalized each exam. You treated them like real people. Not all doctors do that."

She could feel herself blushing and she practically squirmed at how sincere he sounded in his praise. Thankfully they arrived at her cottage and he opened the door, then did a quick scan of the interior before he guided her in.

"I hate that you don't lock your door, and I hate more that it wouldn't do a damn bit of good to lock it because it would take no effort to get in this place whatsoever," he muttered.

She smiled at his gruff concern and the way his brow furrowed when he was irritated.

"I'm fine, Steele. The locals all like me. They look out for me. I've never had an ounce of trouble here."

"It's not the locals I worry about," he said.

She rose up on tiptoe and kissed his lips. "It's sweet of you to worry, but you don't need to, Steele. I'll be fine. Besides, I have connections. I know some people who work for a kick-ass organization that specializes in rescues and beating up bad guys."

She grinned as she said it, and his lips quirked in amusement.

"Yeah? Who's that?"

"I'll never tell," she said solemnly.

He smacked her playfully on the behind. "Go put your feet up. If you'll tell me what tea you want-you have over a dozen that I saw-I'll put some water on to boil while I get the steaks out and prep the grill."

"I could seriously get used to having a houseboy," she said wistfully.

He raised an eyebrow. "Boy?"

"Er, um, house hottie then? House stud?"

He winced. "Sorry I said anything at all. If it ever gets out that you called me your house hottie, I'll never be able to show my face to my team again."

She laughed. "I won't tell if you don't. Or unless I ever need to pay you back for something you've done to piss me off."

"Can't guarantee I won't piss you off, but I'm liking the idea of makeup sex already."

"Are you bipolar?" she blurted.

His look of complete what-the-fuck was hilarious.

"What the hell kind of question is that?"

She raised her upturned palms and shrugged. "It's a logical question given the data I've collected on you."

He groaned. "Good God. Don't get all doctorly on me. You've done research on me?"

She grinned again. "No, but given what I've known of you all this time, you have to admit that it's like looking at two entirely different people. I would say talking to two entirely different people, but Steele the badass didn't ever speak to me. Or not more than a few one-word responses here and there. Steele the human is flirty, has a sense of humor, smiles a lot and says nice things that make me all shivery on the inside."

"You're one to speak your mind, aren't you?" he said dryly. "Guess I don't ever have to worry about you trying to spare my feelings."

"What can I say? I'm a say-it-like-I-see-it kind of girl. You have to admit that you underwent a pretty radical personality change. Either that or you had a lobotomy or maybe you got a little too close to those explosives that got Baker and suffered a head injury. It's been documented that head injuries have radically changed people's personalities."

He groaned and shook his head. "Look, I like you, okay? And I don't like very many people. That's why I get the reputation for being a hard-ass, an a**hole, a machine, and a whole bunch of other not-so-nice names. As a rule, I hate people. But I like my team. I like the Kellys. And I like you."

She grinned bigger. "Did that kill you to admit?"

"You can shut up anytime now," he said in a sour voice. "You're about one smart-ass remark away from having to cook your own damn steak."

She held up her hands in surrender. "I give, I give. Cook away. I'll shut up now and put my feet up like I was instructed. Surprise me and just pick a tea bag. I like them all."

Before she could walk away, he hauled her up against him and thrust his hand into her hair, holding her in place as his mouth descended on hers. "Like those glasses on you. They're cute. Make you look all serious and smart, even though I know you don't need glasses to look that way. Gonna have to leave them on sometime when we have sex. It's a serious turn-on."

Okay, that tilted her universe just a bit. She didn't reach to adjust them even though they slid down her nose just a bit when he kissed her. Instead she let him deepen the kiss, enjoying the feel of his mouth against hers.

He kissed her hungrily, his tongue sliding deep and then brushing over hers in light, teasing strokes. When he pulled away, his eyes gleamed and his pupils were slightly dilated. Arousal hummed from him, was thick in the air. Her own pulse quickened as she took in the evidence of his desire.

"I like that you give as good as you get," he murmured. "Love that saucy tongue of yours, and I love that you give me shit. No one else does that."

"That's because they're scared shitless of you," she muttered.

"But you're not," he stated. And he looked quite pleased with that fact.

But she was scared of him. Not in the way he was talking about. But she was definitely terrified of him. Because she knew without a doubt that he had the power to hurt her. He wouldn't do it maliciously or intentionally. But she was already in way over her head with no way out. She didn't want out. Even knowing the eventuality of the hurt she'd endure.

She'd already been attracted to Steele. Fascinated by the side he presented to the world. But now that she'd gotten a good look at the man behind the hard-ass exterior? She was doomed with a capital D.

She'd liked him before. Had wanted to pull back those layers that surrounded him. But where she'd liked and admired him before? She was already falling hard for the man behind the brick wall.

CHAPTER 11

MAREN sat across from Steele at the tiny garden table that overlooked her small backyard. It was merely a clearing before the landscape plunged into dense foliage and thick trees. She'd always been mesmerized by the burst of green all around her. Everything was lush and vibrant and the air smelled clean.

No, she wasn't a city girl nor could she ever imagine having a private practice with a cushy office and making rounds in a hospital. She loved what she did. It was immensely rewarding. It was who she was.

She'd traded her cup of tea for a glass of wine she saved for rare occasions, such as Steele cooking her a steak and their being immersed in actual conversation. If she'd had champagne, she'd have broken it out because this was definitely a moment that would likely never happen again. And though she normally removed her glasses as soon as she got home, she left them on this time. For him. Because he found them cute and sexy, and she liked that.

She sipped and savored the taste before lowering her glass to look over at Steele, who'd just pushed back his plate.

"Am I allowed to ask you personal questions, or am I supposed to just sleep with you and remain ignorant of everything but your sexual prowess?"

He'd just raised his own glass to take a sip, and he made a choking sound and set the glass back down with a clunk.

"What kind of personal questions?" he asked warily.

She grinned. "I haven't decided yet. I just wondered if they were off-limits or if you'd actually tell me something nobody else knows about you. It's a girl thing. We like to think we're special. Especially if we're sleeping with the guy."

His teeth flashed as he relaxed and smiled. "I think it depends on the question."

"Hmm, okay. Let's do something general. Tell me about you."

He blinked. "That covers a hell of a lot of territory. Where do you want me to start?"

She leaned forward. "Do you have family? Are you married-please don't tell me you're secretly married and have a wife squirreled away somewhere."

He shook his head and uttered a sigh. "If you were worried that I was married, wouldn't that have been a question to ask before I got your clothes off?"

"At the time I wasn't thinking too straight since you already had your clothes off."

He chuckled lightly. "No, I'm not married. Never even been close."

She cocked her head to the side. "Really? So you've never been serious about a woman?"

He shook his head. "Nope. My career hasn't exactly been conducive to forming any lasting relationships."

She frowned at that. "It sounds kind of lonely, if you ask me."

He lifted one eyebrow. "What about you? I could say the same for you. At least since I've known you. At least I have my team. You're out here on your own with only your patients to keep you company. Don't you miss being around people? Dating? Having regular sex?"

"Who says I don't have all that?"

His eyes narrowed. "Do you?"

She grinned. "No, but it wasn't very nice to assume that I have no sex life and that I'm practically married to my job."

He shrugged. "I can't judge. I'm married to my job absolutely. She's a fickle bitch too."

She nodded in acknowledgment. "I hear that. Definitely has its shitty moments, as I'm sure it's the same for you."

He raised his glass and clinked it to hers. "Fuckin' A."

"So what about family? You weren't hatched, I'm assuming. Someone had to give birth to you."

He sobered immediately and darkness flashed in his eyes. "Don't have family."

She waited, expecting him to say more. But he just went silent and brooding, his gaze focused in the distance, either remembering or refusing to remember something painful.

"What happened?" she prompted softly.

He glanced back at her, almost as if he'd had to jerk himself from the past. His lips quirked downward into a grimace. "I don't ever talk about it."

It was said in a way that told her to back off. But curiosity was killing her. She wanted to unravel the mystery of Steele, and she might never get another chance like this when he was relaxed, warm and open to her. He was being nice. And approachable! She'd never tell anyone because they'd never believe her. They'd likely think she needed psychiatric help.

"You could talk about it now," she said quietly. "I'm a good listener. And it's not like I'll tell anyone. I'm not exactly flush with people to converse with around here."

He was silent a long moment, his unease broadcasted like a neon sign. She wouldn't push him any further, but she really hoped he'd open up to her.

Then he sighed and ran a hand through his hair, spiking it up in a messy arrangement that had her dying to smooth it down with her fingers. But if she got close enough to do that, the last thing she'd be wanting to touch was his hair. She'd be too busy with other portions of his anatomy.

"I did have a family. A lifetime ago."

Her heart clutched at the grief in his voice. It may have been a lifetime ago, but it was obvious the wounds were still raw.

"My dad was an ambassador to Libya. I grew up in the embassy. Me and my brother. Griffin."

She sucked in her breath, knowing that whatever he was going to tell her was horrible. It was in his tone, in every line of his face and most pronounced in the darkness that had invaded his eyes.

"They were killed in an embassy bombing. A Marine saved my life, but he couldn't save my parents or my brother. He tried. And then he later apologized to me that he hadn't been able to save them. I wasn't angry because he couldn't save them. I was pissed that he'd saved me."

"How old were you?"

"Seven."

"Oh wow," she whispered. "What happened? Who raised you?"

"My dad's sister took me in. She was quite a bit older than he was and she was never in great health. She passed away right after I graduated high school."

"So is that why you do what you do? Because of your parents, I mean?" she guessed.

He shook his head. "Actually I'd always planned to be a doctor."

Her mouth dropped open. "Really?"

He gave her a crooked grin. "Yeah. I think it's why I love watching you so much. I was always interested in medicine. But after my aunt died, there was no one to help out and the thought of all those years in medical school not knowing how the hell I'd afford it, well, I joined the service thinking that I'd do my time and have them pay for medical school."

She leaned farther forward, fascinated by his story. That he'd wanted to be a doctor intrigued her. He would have made an excellent surgeon. So focused and intense. She could definitely picture it.

"Once I got in, I loved it. Everything just clicked."

"Let me guess. You joined the Marines?"

He nodded. "Yeah. Even though I was pissed at the Marine who saved my life back then, he became my idol as I grew older. Once I got over my initial grief, I was grateful that he'd not only risked so much to save me, but that he'd risked his life and had been injured trying to save my family. His job was to protect my father, but he was willing to give his life for all of us. That made a huge impact. I joined the Marines to honor him. To prove that his saving me meant something and that maybe I could give back. Help someone else."

"So how did you end up with KGI, then? I mean, if you loved the Marines so much."

He smiled. "I was at a crossroads. I loved the service. Loved my fellow Marines. But I was restless. Wanted to do more. I just wasn't sure what. By accident I overheard a conversation about Sam Kelly and that he was recruiting for a private special ops team. I called him and then took leave to meet him. We talked it over and I knew I wanted to give it a shot. So when my time was up two months later, I left and joined KGI. Rio was already there and was leading a team. Sam was forming another and wanted me to lead. I handpicked my own recruits and they trained under me. I've never looked back. Never regretted my decision. The Marines made me who I am, but KGI made me better."

"How old was your brother?" she asked, hoping she wasn't pushing too hard.

"He was sixteen. Nine years between us. I looked up to him. Wanted to be just like him and my dad. My brother wanted to be a Marine. It was all he talked about. In a way, I did it as much for him as I did for the Marine who saved my life."

"Sounds like you had a wonderful family and that you grew up around the globe just like I did."

He smiled. "Yeah, they were the best. My mom was just this warm person that everyone loved. It wasn't the fake politician polish that so many wives have perfected. She was genuine, the real deal. Everyone who met her was instantly charmed. And she could remember anyone's name after meeting them once. No matter how long it was before she saw them again. She made everyone feel special. Like they mattered. From the lowest ranked to the highest. Didn't matter to her. She had a smile for everyone."

Her heart squeezed a little at the instant warmth that had flooded his eyes when he spoke of his mother. She reached over to lay her hand on top of his, and he immediately turned his palm up so he could capture her fingers.

He stroked over her knuckles with his thumb, sending little tingles of delight up her arm.

"I think it's also why I like the Kellys so much, even though they kind of baffle me. Especially Marlene. She reminds me a lot of my own mother. It's a catch-22 for me to be around them, though. I like them a lot. But they also remind me of what I lost."

"Yeah, I get that," she said softly. "I don't know what I'd do without my parents and my brother, even though I don't see them that often. But if I didn't have them, it would devastate me. I email them regularly and we try to talk on the phone at least once a week."

He nodded, continuing to stroke his thumb over her hand. It was nice. Just sitting and talking and him touching her intimately. It wasn't sexual, but she liked it even better because she got the sense that he cared a little at least.

"What about you? You said you grew up all over the globe. Your parents travel a lot? Were they doctors like you?"

She nodded. "Yeah. They both were. My brother is a doctor too. They worked for an organization for years that offered free healthcare and vaccinations in third world countries. They stopped for a while when my brother and I were younger. We're only two years apart, so they stayed stateside and went into private practice until we were old enough that they felt comfortable bringing us to some of the rural, far-flung corners of the world."

"Bet you had one hell of an interesting childhood," he mused.

"Yeah, it was anything but boring, that's for sure. My mom homeschooled us, but occasionally we were in places where we could attend classes with other kids our age. My father is smart. I mean he's a doctor too, but my mom is a genius. She's positively brilliant. Even my dad admits that she's way smarter than he is."

"You must take after her," he said.

Her cheeks warmed at the compliment but she shook her head. "My brother is the smart one. He has a photographic memory. He can recall even the smallest bit of trivia. He absorbs everything and retains it. I'm absentminded. A trait I inherited from my father, I'm afraid. I'm a bit of a klutz-okay, not just a bit. I'm a total klutz. I space out sometimes because I'm in my head and forget where I am or what I'm doing. And I tend to blurt out whatever's on my mind, no matter how inappropriate it may be."

He smiled. "Yeah, I've witnessed that part."

"It gets worse," she muttered. "I've actually been pretty good around you only because you leave me tongue-tied most of the time."

His eyes flickered in surprise.

"That can't come as a surprise to you," she said dryly. "At least not now that you know how attracted I was to you."

"I knew how I felt about you," he pointed out. "Not necessarily that you reciprocated my preoccupation. For all I knew, I was just an opportunity for some hot monkey sex, as you put it."

She laughed and then she leaned forward, leaving one hand in Steele's grasp and propping her other elbow on the table so she could rest her chin in her upturned palm.

"So what are we doing here, exactly, Steele? I'm not good at coy little games. I suck at flirting or pretending to not want something I desperately want."

"And what do you want?" he asked quietly.

She shook her head. "Oh no, I asked you first. I may blurt out shit but I'm not that much of a glutton for punishment."

His chest rose and fell as he expelled a quick breath. "I don't know, Maren. I haven't figured it out yet. That's probably not an answer that'll win me any brownie points, but the fact is, you've knocked me completely off balance."

"How long are you planning to stay?" she asked, silently holding her breath as she waited for his response.

He looked uncertain for the first time. Almost as if he were nervous, though she couldn't fathom anything making this man nervous.

"I have a few days," he hedged. "But if you need me out of your hair before then, just say the word and I'll take off."

"I don't believe I said anything about wanting you to leave," she said lightly. "But I don't want to make an ass of myself and ask you to stay if you had no intention of spending more than a night with me. Not fond of humiliating myself in front of a guy I've been lusting over."

His hand tightened over hers, his thumb pressed to her knuckles. "Ask me to stay, Maren. If that's what you want, say it."

"Stay," she whispered. "For as long as you have the time off."

He lifted her hand, turning it so his lips pressed the inside of her palm. "I'll stay," he murmured against her skin. "But only if I get to stay in your bed with you in it and I'm inside you. And tonight? Those glasses stay on while I f**k you."

CHAPTER 12

AS Maren prepared for bed, she ruefully acknowledged how strange it was for her and Steele to be acting almost like they were a permanent couple. Cozy dinner. Nice conversation. And now he was in the shower and she was climbing into bed to wait for him. It was a given that they'd make love and even though they'd had sex twice now, she was still nervous as she propped herself up against pillows, keeping an eye on the bathroom door for him to make his appearance.

She fidgeted with the sheets and then glanced down at her pajamas. It was pointless to have worn anything, but it seemed a bit much to be nak*d when he got out. Which was ridiculous because he'd made it clear they were hav**g s*x. But she wasn't quite brazen enough to act like a siren temptress. Though she had left her glasses on. It gave her a tiny-okay, maybe a huge-thrill that he had a thing about her wearing her glasses.

A moment later, the door opened and Steele walked out with just a towel wrapped around his hips. His hair was damp and moisture still clung to the light smattering of chest hair. He paused when he caught her staring at him, and for a minute they simply stared at one another.

God, but the man was gorgeous. Not in a pretty, polished way. Not at all. He was rugged. He bore scars. He wasn't what she'd consider a truly handsome man with perfect features. His face was hard and when he wasn't smiling he looked absolutely intimidating. But when he smiled and those ice blue eyes warmed? He had a devastating effect on her. She couldn't imagine a woman alive who could resist that smile.

"You checking me out?" he asked in amusement.

She nodded, not at all abashed.

"Too bad I can't return the favor. Can't see much of you in those pajamas with the sheet pulled up around you."

"I can fix that," she said huskily.

Her inner temptress was coming out. Forgotten were any inhibitions about waiting nak*d for him. She grabbed on to the temptress and embraced her full-on. Between the two of them they were going to seduce this mouthwateringly gorgeous man.

She rose up on her knees, letting the sheet drop. She tugged the top over her head and then lay on her back to shrug out of the bottoms. When she was done, she sat back up and faced Steele.

"Better?"

"Much."

He let the towel fall to the floor at his feet, revealing a very rigid erection. It strained upward, nearly flat against his taut abdomen.

"That looks painful," she said with a raised eyebrow.

"You'll make it all better," he said as he advanced toward the bed.

He planted his fists onto the bed and leaned toward her, fusing his mouth to hers. Then he pressed forward, taking her down onto the mattress beneath him. She wrapped her arms around his neck, anchoring him to her, and kissed him back.

"You taste so damn good," he muttered. "Don't think I'll ever get enough of you. And getting to f**k you when you are wearing those glasses ... definitely top five on my list of fantasies."

"You say that like it's a bad thing," she said lightly. And then she laughed because it totally fit his personality that he kept referring to a list of the things he fantasized about. Probably had his entire seduction of her mapped out to the nth degree.

"Didn't say that. Not a bad thing at all. I can think of worse things to be addicted to."

"I kinda like being someone's drug of choice. It's good for my ego. People usually aren't very happy to see me since they only come around when they're hurt or sick. Until recently, that's the only time you ever saw me."

"I can safely say I'll never cringe at the thought of seeing you. Especially if you're nak*d and I'm inside you when I'm seeing you."

"You're not inside me," she whispered.

"I can fix that," he said, echoing her earlier words.

"Mmm, why don't you get right on that then."

He reached for a condom, lifting off her long enough to roll it on. Then he spread her thighs and settled between them, positioning his c*ck at her opening. He hesitated, though, sliding a finger inside and stroking through her wetness.

She sighed when he hit a particularly nice spot. Then he rubbed his thumb over her clit, and her entire body tightened in pleasure.

"You're really good with your hands," she said. "But you're even better with your mouth."

He arched an eyebrow and amusement simmered in his eyes. "Is that a hint?"

"It's a fact," she returned.

He chuckled. "In that case, I'll have to prove you aren't wrong."

He shifted downward, his hands sliding down her sides to her h*ps and then down to cup her ass. She squeezed her eyes shut and arched upward as soon as his tongue lapped over her clitoris. He nuzzled gently, licking, sucking and lightly grazing the sensitive, quivering flesh.

Then he pressed his tongue over her opening and licked upward in one long swipe.

Her knees went weak and her legs started shaking. He licked back down and then circled her opening, lightly rimming it before plunging his tongue inside her, tasting from the inside out.

"Steele!"

"Delicious," he purred against her skin.

The low vibration of his voice sent shivers of pleasure through her belly. He toyed with her clit, circling and flicking it lightly with his tongue until it was rigid. Each swipe of his tongue sent her closer to orgasm, until her entire body was coiled into a tight knot.

"Inside me. Please, Steele," she panted. "I want you now. I'm so close and I want you inside me when I come."

"And I want to be inside you when you come. Tight like a fist around me and then when you get wet and silky? Never felt anything better," he growled. "Want to see those eyes all cloudy with desire, those glasses perched so cute on your nose while you go wild for me. Only me."

He rose, gripping her knees and spreading her wide as he positioned himself over her. He thrust forward, planting himself deep on the first thrust. Her hands flew to his shoulders, her fingers digging in as ecstasy engulfed her. Rising, sharp, overwhelming.

He began plunging, back and forth, hard and then harder still. Fast, forceful. His h*ps slapped against hers as his body came down over her. He covered her completely, his face buried in her neck as he continued to pump in and out of her. His teeth grazed her skin and then he sank his teeth gently into her neck, his tongue immediately soothing the love bite.

"Not going to last," he breathed. "You feel so damn good, Maren. I could do this forever."

She smiled dreamily as she ran her hands up and down the muscled wall of his back. She let them drift lower, feeling his buttocks rise and fall over her.

"I could too," she whispered. "You're very good at it, Steele."

He chuckled against her neck and then kissed a path to her jaw before finally claiming her mouth again.

"Come with me," he whispered. "Let's go together."

She closed her eyes and hugged him tightly to her. He slid his arms beneath her, holding her just as tightly to him. Tangled legs and arms, bodies joined, undulating. Hot, breathless. Kissing, gasping, soft sighs of pleasure.

It all ran together in a hazy blur as her orgasm crashed over her. She felt suspended in air and then began to slowly drift downward, floating back down to the bed where she lay beneath him as his chest heaved against hers.

"Steele?"

"Yeah."

"Next time I want on top. I'll even wear my glasses."

His body shook with laughter, and then he kissed her nose. "You got it."

CHAPTER 13

MAREN was draped over Steele's body, warm and lush, her soft breathing signaling she was sound asleep. He made no effort to move her. He liked the feel of her in his arms, covering his body like a blanket.

He toyed with her hair, twining it around his fingers before gently tugging it away from her face so he could see her soft cheek. Her eyelashes rested against her skin, a shade darker than her light blond hair. She moved up and down with the rhythm of his own breathing and her legs were tangled with his.

Gently, so as not to awaken her, he slid the glasses from her face and set them on the nightstand so she'd rest more comfortably.

They'd finished their last bout of sex an hour earlier, and Maren had drifted into sleep after riding him long and hard. He'd loved every minute of having her atop him, head thrown back, hair flowing down her back, her br**sts pushed forward so he could touch and taste. As promised, she'd left her glasses on, perched precariously on her cute nose while she f**ked him senseless.

God, he was losing it. Thinking about her cuteness. Her nose and glasses for Christ's sake. He glanced down, watching as she slept deep. Secure. Like she knew she was protected, and she damn well was with him.

He remained awake, though, savoring the still and quiet that had descended. And he liked having Maren in his bed. Or rather her bed. He leaned his head forward to press a kiss to the top of her head and left his lips there a long moment as he inhaled her scent.

He was in deep shit.

He didn't have time to ponder that particular revelation because his sat phone went off.

Goddamn it. Not now. Anytime but now.

Maren stirred and lifted her head with a frown. "What's that noise?"

He sighed. "I have to take that. Sorry."

She started to slide off him but he rolled, gently setting her aside before he reached over her to where he'd put the phone on her nightstand.

"This better be goddamn important," he growled into the phone.

"Steele, it's Sam. Sorry, I know you're taking downtime, but I need you for this. Rio and his team already drew a mission."

Steele's lips tightened and he glanced sideways to where Maren was lying on her side, head propped in her hand as she silently watched him.

"Give me the rundown," Steele said.

"How soon can you be here?" Sam asked. "Don't have time to get into it now. I have more calls to make. Are you going to contact your team or do you want me to call them in?"

"I'll call them," Steele said shortly. "I'll be there in twelve hours."

He laid the phone aside and then turned to Maren. "I'm sorry. I have to go. Sam needs me."

She didn't quite quell her disappointment. Her eyes dimmed even as she nodded her understanding. He wasn't any happier about the interruption than she was.

He leaned down, tucking one finger underneath her chin and lifting so her lips were even with his. He kissed her lingeringly, savoring the sensation of her soft mouth against his.

"This isn't finished," he said. "I'll be back as soon as I can. Do you understand?"

"Yeah," she whispered. "Be careful, Steele. I'd rather you not come back because you need medical attention. I want you to come back because I'm irresistible."

He grinned. "I think that's a safe bet, although if I end up hurt, I won't turn down your medical expertise. You can kiss it and make it better."

"Deal," she said.

Though he knew he had to get moving if he was going to make it back to Tennessee when he'd said he would, he was reluctant to leave her bed. He hesitated, watching her, tempted to roll her back over and slide deep inside her.

And then he thought, why not? He had no idea how long he'd be gone-and he had every intention of returning so they could address whatever it was between them-and there was always the chance, on any mission, that he wouldn't make it back.

He leaned into her, wrapping his arms around her and rolling until he was atop her. He made a grab for a condom, only to not find them where he'd left them.

"It's okay," she whispered as she smoothed her hands over his face.

Still, he hesitated. "Are you sure?"

She nodded. "It's been a long time for both of us. I'm clean. You're clean."

"The idea of being inside you without a condom is right up there in my top three fantasies."

She laughed softly. "Well, since I'm pretty sure we've already knocked out the rest of your top five, you may as well take out the third. You'll have to think of new fantasies while you're gone so we can work on those when you get back."

He slid inside her and groaned as she went wet and silky around his cock. His jaw tightened as he fought off his impending release. Two seconds inside her and he was ready to erupt.

He rested his forehead against hers, their breaths mingling. Then he kissed her softly as he held himself still inside her.

"You make me want to do something I've never done before," he admitted. "I'm tempted to call Sam back and tell him I can't do it."

She stroked his jaw and then raised her lips to kiss him. "You'll be back."

"Yeah. Count on it, Maren."

He began to move inside her, slow and leisurely. He wanted to prolong the moment, wanted to savor his last minutes with her before the real world intruded again.

Her legs wrapped around him, trapping him against her, and her arms circled his shoulders, her fingers digging into his back.

He kissed her again, their tongues colliding as he deepened the kiss.

"I'm coming back," he said in a strained voice. "Believe that, okay? I know I never said I'd be back that first time, but this isn't over. We're not finished. As soon as I wrap things up, I'm heading back."

"Okay," she whispered.

Her eyes flared and her body tightened, suddenly going hot and wet around his cock. Her p**sy fluttered and clenched him tighter as her orgasm rolled through her body into his. He thrust deeper, committing to memory just how good she felt without the barrier of latex. And he knew he'd never have her again with a condom. No way in hell he'd go back after experiencing her silky softness against his skin.

He plunged inward again and then began thrusting hard and deep as his release swept over him, colliding with hers. They strained together, moving in rhythm, each reaching and desperate for the same thing.

And then he collapsed on her, covering her completely as he tried to catch his breath.

"Incredible," he murmured. "I'm so damn sorry we didn't have more time."

She kissed his shoulder and smoothed her hands over his back. "We'll have time later."

He lifted himself off her and kissed her one last time. "Bet your ass we will. No force on earth is going to keep me from coming back to you."

CHAPTER 14

MAREN stared at the fax machine as the results of the labs she'd couriered out began to print. She held her breath, nearly paralyzed with nervousness. Steele had departed three days earlier, and she hadn't heard from him-not that she'd expected to. There was no telling just how long he'd be gone, and the very last thing she'd wanted to do when he was leaving on a mission was to tell him she might be pregnant with his child.

She hadn't wanted him to leave without knowing, but then she'd thought that he'd still be there when she got the test results back and she could tell him face to face. But telling him that kind of news, and that she didn't even have confirmation yet, when he needed absolute focus and concentration wasn't the right thing to do. How the hell was he supposed to concentrate when his mind was occupied with the knowledge that he might be a father? No, she couldn't drop that kind of bomb on him, and now she was glad she hadn't told him the minute he'd arrived because the result would have been the same. He would have had to go before she got the official results, and he'd be left wondering.

Or maybe he would have actually told Sam he couldn't go? It was a possibility, and one she would have never considered. His job was everything. It consumed his life. He'd admitted he was as married to his career as she was to hers.

But now she was faced with the results, and she'd give anything for him to be here right now. It was selfish of her. Steele saved people. It was who he was, and he was important to KGI. But she wanted him here with her to face the news, whatever it was.

The results were finished printing from the fax machine, but still, she stared down at the papers, hesitating as if they were a creepy bug about to bite her.

"Quit being such a coward," she muttered. "You knowing one way or another doesn't change what is. If you're pregnant, you need to know. If you're not, then you still need to know."

After having an argument with herself, she snatched up the printouts and walked back to her desk. She placed the papers in front of her and then sat, taking a deep breath.

She rifled through, looking for the name she'd put on her labs. She'd go back and read the other reports later. If she attempted to make sense of them now, she'd just have to do it all over again anyway. Her only focus was on knowing whether she was pregnant.

Her pulse leapt when she got to her results and she quickly scanned, absorbing those few, life-changing words.

Positive for pregnancy.

She stared in shock, paralyzed by the revelation. Yes, she'd certainly known, suspected, that it was a good possibility. But somehow seeing it there in black and white burst her denial bubble. Maybe in the back of her mind she'd thought the results would come back negative and it all would have been a presumptuous fear on her part. But there it was. She was definitely pregnant and Steele was definitely going to be a father.

Oh God. She was going to be a mother.

She sat back in her chair and blew out a long breath. She cupped her hand over her still-flat belly and marveled that there was a tiny life growing inside her. And then, as if knowing the results had suddenly instigated her symptoms, she lurched for the wastepaper basket and emptied the contents of her stomach in a violent retch, her glasses falling down her nose and nearly into the trashcan.

She stayed there, hanging over the basket for a long moment as she tried to catch her breath. Her stomach was in knots and nausea overwhelmed her. Her pulse was racing and sweat broke out on her forehead.

When she was certain she wasn't going to vomit anymore, she staggered out of her office and into the bathroom so she could wash out her mouth and splash cool water on her face. Then she caught her reflection in the mirror and winced at how pale she appeared.

She braced her palms on the sink and closed her eyes. Pregnant. She was carrying Steele's baby. No matter how many times she thought it or replayed those three little words on the lab results, she still couldn't quite wrap her brain around it.

It changed so much. It changed everything.

Never mind the fact that Steele was not going to take this kind of news well. She wasn't taking it well! She had a practice in Bumfuck, Costa Rica. It wasn't an ideal place to have a baby. The nearest hospital was a two-hour drive over crappy roads. She had no access to good prenatal care. Not that she wasn't fully capable of overseeing her own pregnancy, but she didn't have things like a sonogram. Or access to sophisticated testing. She had the bare essentials. She sent off labs on her patients to a facility in San Jose, but for anything requiring immediate attention, she directed her patients to make the long drive to the hospital.

What the hell was she going to do?

There was also the fact that while she didn't mind the dangers of having her practice in a rural area, it was not a place she'd want to have a baby in. She couldn't very well devote all her time and energy to her patients if she had a newborn to care for.

She walked back to her office in a daze, settling back into her chair. She took off her glasses and rubbed the bridge of her nose between two fingers.

This was completely unexpected. But that was what she got for playing with fire. And hav**g s*x with Steele was definitely playing with fire. It had been irresponsible and now they'd both pay the price.

She cringed at the thought of laying this kind of news on him. She couldn't imagine him taking it well at all. He was no better prepared for the responsibility of a baby with his line of work than she was with hers.

How on earth were they supposed to be solid parents when he was off to parts unknown on dangerous missions and she was stuck in an isolated, rural section of Costa Rica providing free medical care for the locals?

That was even assuming he'd want any sort of responsibility when it came to their child.

She winced, knowing it was a shitty assumption on her part. Steele didn't strike her as the kind of man who'd ever shy away from responsibility. He'd step up. She had no doubt about that. But she couldn't see him being happy about it.

He'd provide financial support, but she didn't need that from him. She had an inheritance from her grandparents that she'd split with her brother, and her own parents provided generously whether it was medical equipment and supplies she needed or basic requirements like food and clothing.

She could always move back to the United States and open a private practice, but the thought of that depressed her. She wasn't cut out for it. With her upbringing, there had never been a question of her having a cushy office, making rounds at a hospital and scheduling time off for vacations. She'd known from the start that she wanted to be a doctor, and she wanted to follow in her parents' footsteps by traveling the world and offering her services to those who wouldn't otherwise have quality healthcare.

But she was also practical, and she knew that with the news of her pregnancy came the knowledge that at least for the short term, her plans would have to change. She'd do nothing that put her child at risk.

Her priorities had changed in the blink of an eye. One night of burning-up-the-sheets hot sex had irrevocably altered the course of her life. And maybe Steele's as well.

She just hoped like hell he didn't hate her for it. While she shared responsibility for her pregnancy, it certainly wasn't entirely her fault. Whatever damn condoms he'd used were faulty!

Or maybe he was such a badass that a condom couldn't hold his little swimmers back.

She laughed at that thought and wiped a hand over her face to relieve some of the tightness. Then she stared back down at the lab report and sighed.

She was done for the day. Patients were long gone. And she still sat in her office as dusk descended, staring at a piece of paper that had upended her entire existence. What she needed was to go back to her cottage, fix herself a nice cup of hot tea and put her feet up.

And then she had to hope that Steele wasn't gone for weeks on whatever mission he'd been called up on. Now that the initial shock had worn off, her anxiety was through the roof. Steele needed to know so he could process whatever surprise he felt, and then they could work together to find the best solution for their child.

Their child.

She rubbed her belly again as awe set in. She was going to have a baby.

No, it certainly wasn't the way she'd planned it. Granted, she wasn't getting any younger, but she'd always figured she'd find a nice guy, maybe even a doctor who shared her goals, settle down, get married and then have children. Much as her own parents had done. Then she and her husband could travel the world with their kids, showing them all the things she'd been shown as a child.

Unfortunately none of that was going to happen now. She was doing it all backward.

Still, the thought of a baby wasn't an unwelcome one. It would definitely take time to process everything and come to terms with all the many ways her life would change. She smiled, already picturing a little boy or girl with blond hair and blue eyes.

She rose from her seat and collected her bag. On her way through the clinic to the front entrance, she turned off the lights. She mentally rehearsed how she'd tell Steele of her pregnancy.

He'd come back expecting to pick up where they left off, and maybe they even would have worked out some sort of an arrangement where they'd see each other as often as possible. Or perhaps theirs was only a temporary relationship, and after the initial passion and furor, things would die down and they'd gradually stop seeing each other at all.

But none of that was going to happen now. Whatever might have happened over a period of time was no longer a consideration. Their futures were now inexorably linked. They would always share a child and they would always share parental duties and responsibilities.

She pushed open the door and let herself out, turning the key in the lock before pocketing it again. When she turned to take the path to her cottage she nearly ran right into a huge, shadowy form.

"Damn it!" she exclaimed as she hastily stepped back. "Enough already! That's the second time you've scared the wits out of me. What's with hanging around the door of the clinic waiting for me to come out? Haven't you ever heard of knocking? Or announcing your presence?"

Mendoza's errand hulk didn't seem bothered by her outburst. He stood solemnly, not giving an inch, staring back at her expectantly. What the hell did he expect?

It had been weeks since her last encounter with him and she'd written the entire thing off, thinking Mendoza had forgotten about her. Stupid, but it was what she'd assumed.

"It wasn't my intention to alarm you, senorita."

"Yeah? Well, you could have fooled me."

Fear made her words sharper than she intended. His eyes narrowed and he took a step forward. She immediately backed up, putting as much distance between them as possible.

"Senor Mendoza regrets that you were unable to accept his last dinner invitation and wishes to extend another invitation for this evening. I will of course escort you myself."

She took a deep breath, weighing her options. Even if she made it to her cottage, it would prove no barrier to this man if he really wanted entrance. She needed to keep her calm and make it clear she had no interest in Javier Mendoza. Politely, of course.

"Please extend my apologies to Senor Mendoza. With my schedule I don't have time for social calls. Now if you'll excuse me, it's been a very long, very tiring day, and all I'd like to do is return to my home so I can rest."

His sigh was heavy and almost regretful sounding. He took another step forward, this time pinning her against the door to the clinic. Panic hit her hard, rendering her incapable of breathing. Her chest burned every time she tried to inhale, and her stomach coiled into a knot.

"I had hoped you would make this easy," he said.

"What is that supposed to mean?" she demanded. "Look, I've tried to be polite about this, but I see that's not working. You need to leave, and don't come back. I'm not interested. Tell Senor Mendoza I don't appreciate these little visits to my clinic, nor do I appreciate being scared out of my mind by people lurking in the dark."

He reached for her arm and she froze, staring fearfully up at him. Oh God. This wasn't happening.

"You're to come with me, senorita. Don't make me carry you. I too have been polite, but you're trying my patience. Senor Mendoza wishes you to have dinner with him, and you'll attend. Even if I have to carry you there."

Her mouth gaped open. "You aren't serious!"

Without another word he hauled her up and tossed her over his shoulder. It happened so fast she didn't even have time to protest or fight. The ground spun dizzyingly underneath her as her head dangled down his back. Her glasses fell from her nose, hitting the ground, but he never paused.

"Put me down!" she yelled when he started toward a vehicle parked on the road.

His grip tightened at her knees and he kept walking.

When they got to the Range Rover, he put her down, none too gently, and then he opened the door and stuffed her inside. Before he retreated, he put her seat belt on and then stared hard into her eyes.

"Don't try anything stupid. I don't want to hurt you."

The inference was that while he might not want to hurt her, he would if it became necessary.

A chill snaked down her spine and she put a protective hand over her belly. If it were just her, she'd bail out of the vehicle as soon as his attention was diverted and run like hell. But she couldn't risk bringing any harm to her child. Which meant she was stuck going to dinner at Javier Mendoza's house whether she liked it or not.

She had a very bad feeling about this. Men did not send hired muscle to collect an unwilling date for the evening. No way he just wanted dinner and then would let her go. Why go to this much trouble for a simple dinner date?

She was near to hyperventilating again when the hulk walked around and got into the driver's seat. He spared her only a quick glance and, evidently satisfied that she wasn't going anywhere, he cranked the engine and took off down the road.

It took twenty minutes over roads that made Maren feel as if she'd been battered repeatedly before they pulled through a huge gateway to a sprawling house. The entire place was lit up and her eyes widened to see armed men patrolling the grounds. She swung around in her seat to see the guard towers they drove by. Inside were two men, illuminated by the light in the towers. Both carried high-powered rifles.

Holy shit. What had she gotten herself into?

Not that she thought, based on what she'd heard from the locals, that Mendoza operated on the up-and-up, but she hadn't expected such a blatant, in-your-face, armed facility. Either this guy had some dangerous enemies or he wanted everyone to think he was not a man to be f**ked with. Likely it was a combination of both.

They stopped in the circle driveway that had fountains lining the pavement, and the hulk looked over at Maren. "Stay put. I'll come around for you."

What the hell did he expect her to do? Make a run for it? The time for that was before they pulled into this armed-to-the-teeth compound. Like she wanted to get shot making a break for it?

Hulk came around and opened her door, then extended his hand to help her out. Not wanting to piss him off more than he already was, and she definitely didn't want him reporting to her "date" that she'd been difficult, she let him take her hand. She'd already decided on the drive here that she was going to ooze sweetness and charm. Maybe then Mendoza would let her go back home. And if that happened, she was going to be on the phone with Sam to get her the hell out of here as fast as humanly possible. Then she'd get around to telling Steele that he was going to be a father. First she had to get herself and her baby out of here in one piece.

She let him help her from the vehicle and then he guided her toward the steps, her arm firmly grasped in his hand. Before they mounted the first step, the huge oak double doors swung open and Maren glanced up to see a man who had to be Mendoza standing in the doorway looking at them with satisfaction.

He was surprisingly good looking. If he hadn't had her kidnapped and now been staring at her like she was prey, she'd even think he was hot. He was tall, dressed in expensive slacks and a button-down shirt. He had dark hair and dark eyes with an olive complexion. He looked as though he kept in shape, judging by his broad shoulders and muscled arms. There wasn't a spare ounce of fat on him either.

He smiled broadly and again, if he hadn't hauled her from her clinic and dumped her on his front doorstep, she would have appreciated his smile and those perfectly straight, white teeth.

"Dr. Scofield, you honor me with your presence," he said with only a hint of an accent. "I'm so glad you came."

He leaned in and kissed both cheeks. She tried not to flinch and pull away, but it was hard when every instinct was screaming at her to get the hell away from this man.

"I didn't get the impression I had a choice," she said dryly.

Mendoza's eyes flickered and for the briefest of seconds his smile slipped, but then it was back. Fake. Charming. And utterly skeevy.

This whole place gave her the creeps. Her hands went to her arms automatically, and she rubbed to try to rid herself of the chill that had taken over her body.

"Do come in," he said smoothly. "Dinner will be served in the dining room shortly. I'll have Marissa bring us drinks. What would you care for?"

Mindful of the fact that one, she didn't need to be drinking, and two, she had no way of knowing whether this a**hole would drug her, she shook her head.

"I'm fine, but thank you. I apologize for my appearance. I wasn't given the opportunity to change into something more appropriate for dinner. I'm still in my work scrubs, as you can see."

His teeth glinted again. "Not to worry. I have something for you to wear. In fact, I'll have Marissa show you up to your room so you can change at once."

Alarm bells went off all over her head. There was so much wrong with those few sentences she didn't even know where to begin. Her room? He had something for her to wear? This was getting creepier and scarier by the minute.

She swallowed hard. "There's no need. I'd hate to bother you, and I doubt what you have on hand would fit me anyway. Perhaps we could eat so I can be on my way back to my house. I have a very early day tomorrow and a full patient load. I must give lab results to all the patients who've had labs done in the past week."

His smile disappeared and he stared piercingly at her. The menace in his eyes increased her panic.

"The dress will fit. I had it especially made for you. You will go into the room I've prepared for you and you'll change for dinner. Marissa will accompany you and Carlos will stand outside your door in case you have need of anything."

She wasn't an idiot. She could read between the lines of that statement. Carlos wasn't accompanying her in case she needed help. He was tagging along with her because he was her watchdog and it was his job to make sure she didn't try to escape.

"Let's not play games here, Senor Mendoza," she said bluntly. "Why am I here, and why am I being treated like a prisoner? I have a job to perform. People depend on me. I have to go back to my house. Tonight. It was kind of you to invite me to dinner, but I must respectfully decline. Now if you don't mind, please instruct Carlos to drive me back to my house."

He laughed lightly, but it was clear he wasn't amused in the least. "Ah, I like your bluntness, Dr. Scofield. And as you were so blunt, I'll be as equally blunt. You aren't going anywhere. You will stay here in my home for as long as I wish it. As for your patients, they will have to go elsewhere to seek their medical attention. But don't worry. Your medical expertise won't go to waste. I have need of your services myself, but we'll discuss that at another time."

What the holy hell? Was he out of his damn mind? Well, obviously he was. She was dealing with a guy who was a few cards short of a full deck. And worse, he was a batshit-crazy man with a lot of guns!

Her hands were shaking. She had no control over how blatantly her fear was being broadcast. There was no point in trying to put up a brave front. She was scared shitless and he knew it.

"You can't just keep me here," she said in a low voice.

He lifted one eyebrow. "The way I see it, you don't have a choice in the matter. I run this entire area. There is no one to help you. No one to seek help from. I am the law here and what I say goes. The sooner you understand that, the easier things will be for you."

She shook her head. "You're crazy!"

His eyes narrowed at her insult. "Go now and change into your dress before you say something you'll regret. I will not tolerate any disrespect in my home. Understand?"

She was tempted to say, Or what? But she wasn't stupid. There was no way she was going to give him any reason to hurt her or her baby.

Judging by his level of craziness, if he discovered she was pregnant, he'd go off the hinges. She just had to hope like hell she found a way out of this predicament before it became evident that she was carrying another man's child. There was no telling how he'd react to that piece of news.

CHAPTER 15

MAREN sat rigidly in her chair on the terrace of Mendoza's enormous estate. For three days she'd been kept here and she still had no idea why. She'd feared that Mendoza was some crazy idiot obsessed with her, and she'd even feared he'd force himself on her. But in fact, she'd been treated as a pampered guest, waited on hand and foot and her every need seen to. Except, of course, the biggest need of all. To get the hell out of here and as far away from him as possible.

After that first night, she hadn't seen Carlos even once. Instead, Mendoza's other goon, a tall, muscled guy named Armand, kept close watch on her. He unnerved her. He almost never spoke, but she got the impression he missed nothing. His gaze was piercing and he knew every single thing that went on under Mendoza's roof. He'd also returned her glasses, but they'd cracked when they'd fallen from her face during her abduction and were useless now. He'd muttered something about replacing them, but she'd told him not to bother. What did she need them for here? Nothing to read. No medical reports or injuries she needed to focus on.

Though there was no actual lock on her bedroom door, she wasn't under any misapprehension that she could simply walk out. She knew this because every time she opened her door, Armand appeared as if he'd materialized from thin air.

Mendoza might have creeped her out, but Armand scared her shitless. He reminded her a lot of Steele. Not in looks. But he had that warrior persona. You just knew by looking at him that he could kick ass and probably had a hundred ways of killing a man with just his pinkie finger.

His expression was always unreadable. She'd never detected any hint of emotion. He was just ... blank. Scary and blank.

Voices carried softly to her on the wind and she turned in the direction they came from. She'd been sitting for ten minutes waiting for Mendoza to make his appearance. Armand had collected her from her room after instructing her to dress for dinner in the outfit Mendoza had sent her. Delivered by Armand, of course. Armand had deposited her into her seat and promptly disappeared.

She strained harder to hear what was being said. From the little she'd heard Armand speak, she knew he was talking to Mendoza.

"I still don't think it's a good idea to use her," Armand said. "It would be easy to find another doctor for what you want."

"I want her," Mendoza said, a thread of steel in his voice.

"You're risking a lot for a woman you have the hots for," Armand said, criticism obvious in his tone. "She has connections to a private organization that could cause a lot of trouble for you."

Maren sucked in her breath, her eyes widening in shock. How the hell would Armand know anything about KGI? Much less her connection to them. Panic surged in her chest, tightening until she could barely breathe. What the hell was going on? And what did Mendoza want to use her for?

She'd prayed steadily over the last three days that Steele would return quickly. Surely if he found her gone, her clinic unopened, he wouldn't just assume she'd gone off on a whim. He'd look for her. She had to believe that. And she hoped to hell he hurried, because she had no idea what Mendoza had in mind for her, but it couldn't be good.

"They are no match for me," Mendoza said arrogantly.

"That's what you think," Maren muttered under her breath.

"Don't underestimate her connections," Armand said in a soft voice. "Underestimation will get a man killed every time."

"You act as though you think this organization of hers is more powerful than I am. Besides, we're leaving soon. Then they won't be of any worry to me at all."

"A wise man always watches his six," Armand replied.

Maren frowned and then straightened in her seat when she heard them walking in her direction. She stared into the distance and raised her glass of water to her lips, pretending she hadn't heard them at all.

Armand sounded military to her. It was the way he spoke, the jargon he used. He was American, though. A traitor? Defector? Or just a lackey for hire, willing to farm out his services to whoever had the money to pay him?

"Maren, you look beautiful," Mendoza said smoothly when he and Armand rounded the corner of the terrace. "I was correct that that color would be stunning on you. It accentuates your eyes quite nicely."

She gritted her teeth and forced back the caustic reply that hovered on her lips.

Mendoza waved his hand at Armand. "You may leave us now. Be back in an hour's time to take Maren back to her room."

Armand glanced her way and stared a long moment before nodding and retreating.

Mendoza sat down across from her and then held up his hand to snap his fingers. In an instant, a servant appeared bearing a tray with their dinner plates.

A plate of grilled fish was set in front of her, and as she stared down at it, her stomach rebelled at the mere idea of putting it in her mouth. She sucked in steadying breaths through her nose, willing the nausea to go away.

Pregnancy had made her hypersensitive to smells, and the slightly fishy odor emanating from the plate sent her right over the edge.

"You don't look well," Mendoza said.

She glanced up to see him watching her, lazy amusement in his eyes.

"I can't eat this," she said, pushing it away.

"Any particular reason?"

"I can think of several. Being held against my will isn't exactly great for inspiring an appetite," she snapped.

"And it couldn't be because you're carrying a child and the thought of food makes you ill?" he asked mildly.

She couldn't control her reaction. Her fear had to have been broadcast for the entire world to see. She pushed back from the table in a protective measure, putting as much distance between her and him as possible. How the hell could he know she was pregnant? Then, just as quickly, she dismissed her incredulity. Armand was her constant shadow and knew of her visits to the bathroom in the mornings and her sickness. He'd likely taken a stab in the dark, but she had betrayed herself with her reaction and now he knew his shot had been true.

"There's no reason to panic. I have no intention of harming you or your child."

"You'll pardon me if I don't believe that," she said.

"I've been watching you for a while now. I'm attracted to you, Maren," he said unemotionally. They could have been discussing the most mundane topic in the world for as much enthusiasm as was reflected in those words. "At first I sought you out because you were a convenient solution to a problem I needed solved. But I find I rather like the idea of you being where I am."

"And what problem do you need solved?" she asked, afraid of what the answer would be.

"I'm having plastic surgery soon. Again."

Her eyebrows went up in disbelief. Plastic surgery? He had to be freaking kidding.

"I'm not a surgeon," she said. "I'm a general practitioner."

He smiled in amusement. "There isn't much I don't already know about you, Maren, including the illicit visits from the man who is undoubtedly the father of your child, which is why I felt pressed to make my move now. And I don't expect you to do my surgery. In my line of work, it becomes necessary to change my appearance every so often. That way I remain a step ahead of my pursuers-and there are many. The time has come for me to move on from this place and start over somewhere else. I'm starting to feel the heat, as you Americans say. Therefore I'll be flying to Paris in a few days' time and you're going to accompany me and oversee my recovery."

"Why on earth would you trust me?" she asked incredulously. "You have no reason at all to believe I wouldn't betray you at the first opportunity."

"Oh, but I do," he said softly. "You see, I'm sure you value your unborn child's life."

She froze, her blood turning to ice. Fear trickled up her spine as she stared at his very determined expression. "What are you saying?"

"I'm proposing a bargain of sorts. You do as I want and no harm will come to you or your child. Give me any reason to doubt you and you'll suffer. I can't be any more clear than that."

"You bastard," she seethed. "What gives you the right to take over my life, keep me as a prisoner to act as your personal physician? Only a complete bastard would blackmail me with the safety of my child."

"Think of me as you wish. But my offer stands firm. Prove yourself indispensable to me or you'll be disposed of just as the others in my employ will soon be."

"What do you mean, you're disposing of the others in your employ?" she demanded.

He smiled. "So caring of others. It's one of the things I like about you, Maren. But yes, I will be rid of those who serve me. It becomes necessary to disappear, and one can hardly do that when he's surrounded by dozens of people. Only you and Armand will accompany me into my new life."

"What will you do with them?" she whispered.

He shrugged. "Nothing directly. Perhaps the organization you have ties to will dispense with them for me when they come to rescue you. But that isn't the important issue, Maren. Do I have your agreement? Are you going to cooperate or will I have to dispose of you as I do the others?"

She couldn't believe this. It was absolutely surreal. Like some bizarre dream she couldn't wake up from. Things like this didn't happen in her world. Sure, she didn't have the most normal existence. She'd certainly been in her share of predicaments. Africa came readily to mind. But KGI had gotten her out when she and several other aid workers had been held hostage by a militant rebel group. She just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time and was caught up in a hostage situation.

But never had she been singled out like she had been now. She never drew attention to herself. She blended in, did her work and was largely ignored except by people seeking her services. While she couldn't ever say her life was boring, neither could she say it was anything out of the ordinary. She did her work and spent the rest of her time in her cottage. Reading, drinking tea or other mundane, boring tasks.

"It doesn't appear I have any real choice," she said, despair creeping into her voice.

"There's always a choice. Some are just more desirable than others."

"What about after?" Her chin came up and she shook some of the paralyzing fear away. She had to be smart about this. Had to look beyond her initial panic and think of some way out of this. "Will you let me go after you've recovered from your surgery? And what about when my child is born? Will you let me go before I deliver?"

He pursed his lips and regarded her thoughtfully for a long moment. "That is something we will discuss when the time comes. You can rest assured that I will provide you the best medical care possible when it is time for you to deliver your child. And as long as you uphold your end of the bargain, no harm will come to you or your child. That's the only guarantee I'm prepared to offer."

Her heart sank. Would she forever be his prisoner? And maybe he wouldn't touch her now, when she was pregnant, but what about after? Did he plan to keep her as his mistress? Would he force himself on her after her pregnancy was over?

He'd told her no harm would come to her or her child provided she cooperated. But what did he consider harm? If he was convinced of his sexual prowess, it was entirely possible he planned to make a move on her regardless of whether she was pregnant.

And then another thought hit her and it nearly crippled her. She raised her gaze to his and stared back unflinchingly.

"Promise me that you won't separate me from my child," she said. "I'll agree to your terms if you swear to me that my child stays with me no matter what. And if you swear you won't hurt either of us."

The corner of his mouth quirked up into a half smile.

Her eyes narrowed and anger made her reckless. "I'll make you a promise, Mendoza. If you do anything at all to harm my child or to take it away from me, I'll kill you. I'll find a way, and believe me, there are ways to die that you'd never expect. As a doctor I have extensive knowledge, and I wouldn't hesitate to find a way to make you suffer. Are we understood?"

His smile faded. He went still, staring intently at her a long moment. Their gazes locked, neither backing down or looking away. Then he slowly nodded.

"We understand each other. But know this, I'll expect certain concessions from you when I've fully recovered from my surgery. As long as you keep me happy, you'll give me no reason to go back on my word. Keep that in mind."

His meaning couldn't be misunderstood. He did expect an intimate relationship with her, and it didn't even appear as though he planned to wait until after her child was born. Her stomach revolted at the mere thought.

"Now that we've gotten business matters out of the way, shall I have something else for you to eat brought out to the terrace? Or perhaps you'd like to retire to your room now and contemplate your new circumstances."

She nodded numbly and then pushed up from her chair, her knees shaking so hard she worried she'd fall. Armand appeared, his sharp gaze finding hers. Then he took her arm, his grasp surprisingly gentle.

"See that she makes it back to her room," Mendoza said. "And arrange for breakfast to be brought to her in the morning. Don't worry about preparing anything, Maren. Armand will take care of all our travel arrangements. When I'm ready to leave, Armand will come for you."

Armand's grip suddenly tightened on her arm and she blinked, realizing that he'd been saying something to her.

"You're pale," he murmured, surprising her by offering an opinion. He rarely said anything at all, and usually it was to give her a terse order from Mendoza. "Come with me. After I've taken you to your room, I'll have some hot tea brought to you. I made certain we stocked all your favorites."

She stared hard, her mind grappling to take it all in. This had been planned. She'd been watched for God only knew how long. Armand knew far too much about her. He knew about KGI. He knew what teas she drank. Who the hell was this man?

Armand urged her forward, and she had no choice but to fall into step with him or be dragged behind him. He didn't walk with his usual brisk pace, though. He slowed and seemed to wait while she slogged through mud. Every step was like dragging a ton of bricks behind her.

When he got to her door, he opened it and instead of leaving her as he usually did, he ushered her inside and eased her down on the edge of the bed.

"Put your feet up and rest. I'll have your tea brought to you," he said shortly.

Her gaze collided with his and she shook off the fog surrounding her. "How do you know so much about me?" she asked quietly. "Who are you?"

One corner of his mouth quirked upward, but it didn't remotely resemble a smile. It just made him look more dangerous than ever.

"Why me?" she blurted. "I heard what you said to him. You think he shouldn't involve me. Can't you convince him to leave me behind?"

Armand's eyes flickered and then his lips tightened into a firm line. "It's too late for you, Maren. You know too much. If he leaves you behind at this point, he'll kill you. Your only option is to go along for the ride and cooperate fully. Don't do anything to piss him off. I'll protect you the best I can. But be smart."

With that he turned and stalked from her room, leaving her openmouthed on the bed where he'd left her.

Protect her? He scared the hell out of her. She was far more scared of him than she was of Mendoza. And he was going to protect her as best as he was able?

This was becoming more bizarre by the minute. She'd be a fool to trust him. She'd be a fool to trust anyone. Armand was right about one thing, though. She had to play this smart.

If only she could send word to Steele. Or Sam. Or anyone with KGI. What she wouldn't give for them to storm the compound and get her the hell out of here. If Armand was to be believed and they indeed knew about KGI and, as Mendoza had hinted, that there would be a rescue attempt, then maybe, just maybe she could at least leave a clue for them. Not that she had much to offer in the way of information. But she'd tell them all she could.

Her eyes lighted on the pretty floral stationery on her nightstand. It was a long shot, but it beat doing nothing at all. She grabbed a pen and hastily scribbled a note giving as many details as she knew, which, granted, wasn't much. She outlined the situation, saying that Mendoza planned to have surgery in Paris and then relocate to an undisclosed location.

She hesitated, not knowing if she should say she was pregnant. She mulled it over before deciding it would serve no purpose to put it down. The last thing she wanted was for Steele to find out this way. It would only make things worse, especially if he and his team were the ones to come in and then find her gone with a note saying she was pregnant.

No, she'd leave that part off and just hope to hell she got the opportunity to tell Steele in person that she carried his child.

After finishing the note, she folded it and slid it underneath the mattress. When it came time to leave, she'd place it under her pillow. It wasn't likely anyone would find it, but if they did a thorough search of the premises, maybe they'd come across it and maybe it would at least lead them in the right direction.

She had to hold on to that hope, as slim as it was, because it was all she had.

She straightened and put a hand to her belly, staring down as her fingers splayed wide over her stomach.

"I'll do anything to keep you safe," she whispered. "Even make a deal with the devil himself."

CHAPTER 16

STEELE dropped his bag inside the KGI war room and impatiently scanned the room for Sam and Garrett. Their mission had been extended by a few days because of unforeseen complications and he was more than ready to report in and get the hell out. Maren likely thought he'd bailed on her entirely, and he was eager to prove her wrong by returning as he'd promised.

Donovan "Van" Kelly dropped his bag next to Steele's and rubbed a hand through his hair. Van had gone with them, not surprisingly. The mission had involved recovering two abducted children who had been held for ransom. Van had a soft spot a mile long and a mile wide for women and children, and he participated in every mission having to do with either, but especially kids.

Steele had thought many times that he was surprised Van hadn't already settled down and had a brood of children. Instead, he was one of only two Kelly brothers who hadn't married or started having families.

The rest of Steele's team straggled in behind him and Van. They all looked tired and in need of some downtime. Though Van was notorious for his soft spot for children, the fact was that whenever children were at stake, his team's emotions became more involved. It was never easy to know they might find the worst when going after a kidnapped child.

Fortunately for them, this time the children had been safely recovered. Their father, a wealthy businessman in New York City, had been targeted, despite his high security measures, and his two children had been kidnapped from school when their nanny had gone with the security detail assigned to the children to pick them up.

The nanny had been shot and was even now in critical condition. One of the guards had taken a bullet to his vest and one of the other men had been killed when he'd attempted to fire on the kidnappers.

It was a clusterfuck from the word go, and the kidnappers had made it clear they'd kill the children in a very bloody fashion if the money wasn't handed over.

Once Steele, along with Van and his team had retrieved the children, they'd been tied up for days with red tape and the FBI. It chapped Steele's ass, but only when Adam Resnick, their shadowy CIA contact, had pulled some strings, had the dust settled and Steele's team been released to go on their way.

The media had a field day, saying a top secret "government" agency specializing in the retrieval of abducted children had been commissioned to go in and take the kidnappers out. Thankfully, the FBI was more than willing to take the credit for the mission. Had it gone wrong, Steele wasn't under any misconception that they wouldn't have been quick to point the finger.

But the kids' father had called in KGI. He knew who had gotten his kids out and he'd paid the hefty fee along with expressing his heartfelt thanks to Steele and his team. Steele shoved off and had let Sam take the gratitude. That wasn't his thing. He liked it better when he worked in anonymity.

And now, he just wanted to be done with the whole thing so he could take the R and R he'd tried to take before. Only this time, he was going to make it clear that unless the world was going to end, he wasn't taking a mission for at least a month. An entire month with Maren in Costa Rica? Now that the idea had taken root, he was obsessed with seeing it to the end. He was already imagining their evenings together in her garden. And the nights in her bed.

For the first time ever, he had a place to go after a mission. He had other interests other than retreating to his farmhouse and spending his time in solitude. And he liked it. He was eager to spend time with Maren. If he could only hurry the process along with Sam and Garrett. Maybe he could dump the mission report on Van. He'd been there and had taken just as active a role as Steele or any of his team.

He turned to Van as they waited for Sam to get off the phone. Whatever it was Sam was discussing, it wasn't good and he wanted no part of it. Garrett stood right next to Sam so he could hear what was going on and his expression didn't look any better than Sam's.

"Can you tag this one?" he asked Van. "I've got places to be."

Van wasn't the only one who gave Steele a surprised look. Dolphin, who was right behind Steele and Donovan, arched both eyebrows but remained silent.

"Yeah I've got it. You and your team can head out."

"I'm off the books for the next month," Steele said shortly. "My team needs the downtime. I need the downtime. Rio can draw the next mission and if he can't, Nathan and Joe can take it. They're ready."

"Steele, I need you to hang out a minute," Sam called from several feet away.

Steele glanced up to see Sam holding the phone down from his mouth while he stared intently in Steele's direction. His expression was grim and his entire body was tense. Shit.

"I'm late for some overdue downtime," Steele said.

Sam held up his hand. "I know," he said quietly. "But this is important. I wouldn't hold you up if it weren't."

Steele's team shifted behind him, already in warrior mode. They all tensed, ready to hear what was going down. And he liked that about them. Always ready for action. Alert and attentive. But not now, goddamn it. Sam's timing sucked ass.

Steele sighed in resignation and then turned to Van. "Guess I'll give him the report if I have to stick around."

Van shot him a curious look. "Everything okay with you, man? Not used to seeing you ... agitated."

Steele ignored the question, not that it would come as any surprise. He was more glad than ever that he'd never been open with anyone at KGI. He had no desire to get into what was eating at him. Instead he focused on the rest of the occupants of the room.

Nathan and Joe were still training with their team, so all members of it were present and accounted for. Over the last several months, they'd spent most of their time on the training facilities onsite and had bunked in the building built for team housing. Steele had overheard Skylar and Edge talking about their plans to move their permanent residences closer so they'd never be very far from the compound.

So far things were looking very good with the new team. Steele had to give them credit. They were sharp and eager to learn and they didn't have huge egos, which was a big positive when it came to training. There was nothing more annoying than having some know-it-all rookie convinced he already knew everything there was to know. Those were the kind you couldn't teach shit to because they were already convinced they had it all down.

Steele liked the newest recruits, which was saying a lot since he didn't tend to like anyone. Except his own team and the Kellys. They had his loyalty and his regard. That was in stone. But Skylar and Edge were fast earning his hard-won respect. Skylar was a crack shot. P.J. had even taken the time to work with her and P.J. had been impressed, which again was saying a lot since P.J. wasn't easily impressed by anyone. But Skylar wasn't a one-trick pony. In addition to her sharpshooting skills, she was lethal in hand-to-hand combat and with a knife. She'd surprised the hell out of all of them when she'd gotten the upper hand in training exercises with Garrett. The much larger man had landed on his back more than once. Felled by a woman half his size. Everyone was still giving him shit over that.

Edge was quiet and reserved and had a sharp eye for detail. Steele appreciated those qualities in anyone. He wasn't loud, didn't need to be heard on every matter and he paid attention. He was a mountain of a guy, easily the biggest guy in KGI. Garrett had always been the biggest guy, but Edge made him look small.

Dolphin moved up next to Steele. "What's going on?" he asked in a low voice.

Steele broke his study of the other team and turned to Dolphin, noticing that P.J., Cole, Baker and Renshaw had all moved closer to hear.

"Hell if I know," Steele returned. "It must not be good, with the way Sam and Garrett are looking."

P.J. frowned but didn't offer comment. Steele's entire team was studying the room as if searching for some clue.

Most everyone was present and accounted for. Except Rio's team, and he didn't think it had anything to do with Rio or his team. They weren't currently involved in a mission, having drawn one right before Steele and his team had been called up to take the kidnapping case.

Ethan wasn't here, but that was to be expected. He'd taken leave since the twins were born and was spending his time at home with Rachel and their sons. Which was exactly where he needed to be. Ethan might have made mistakes earlier in his marriage to Rachel, but he was more than making up for those now. It didn't escape Steele how happy the couple was now, and with the birth of the newest Kelly family members it was generally a festive time in the family and within the organization that extended beyond just the Kelly family.

It might be a little mushy, but Steele did consider himself a part of the family that was KGI. There was nothing sappy about it. They were loyal and they had each other's backs. Always. Loyalty was everything to Steele. It was an essential part of his makeup. It was instilled in every team member's training. And P.J. had experienced firsthand just how deep that loyalty ran when she'd tried to go off on her own. He didn't think she'd ever pull a stunt like that again. And that suited him fine. He might have been a loner in all other aspects of his life, but when it came to his team, they were a solid, unbreakable unit.

So other than Rio and his team, everyone else was accounted for, which meant whatever was going down likely meant another mission he couldn't say no to. Damn it. The one time he actually wanted the time off to spend on personal interests and he couldn't catch a break.

Sam got off the phone and murmured quietly to Garrett, whose scowl only got bigger. Then Garrett swore forcefully, something that would get him into trouble with his wife, Sarah, if she was within hearing distance. The big man had tried his best to curb his tongue and the swearing he was infamous for. But when he was away from Sarah, the expletives still flew.

Sam walked over to where the others stood with Steele, his tone grave. "Okay, listen up. Maren is missing."

The words were like a fist to Steele's gut. He never imagined that whatever had Sam on edge involved Maren. His blood ran cold and fear, an unfamiliar emotion, gripped him by the balls.

"What the fuck?" Steele demanded.

Nathan and Joe and their team reacted with surprise at Steele's explosive reaction. They closed in, falling in on Sam's right side and across from Steele and his team.

"I was just there," Steele continued before Sam could respond. "That's where I was when you called me up on this mission. Everything was fine. You're telling me she's gone missing since then?"

Sam's brow furrowed. "You saw her when?"

Ignoring the inquisitive looks from everyone in the room, Steele focused on Sam. "I was there when you called me up. It's why it took me twelve hours to get here. That was, what, a week ago?"

Sam and Garrett exchanged glances.

"She must have gone missing right after you left," Garrett said. "Her brother called us. He and their parents are frantic. She typically emails them several times a week. Calls them at least once. They're in constant contact. Her brother got worried because they hadn't heard anything from her. Nothing since nine days ago, which was before you left her."

"She didn't talk to them on the phone while I was there," Steele said. "No idea if she was emailing them or not. I was only there two days when I got called up. Has anyone visually confirmed she's missing, or is this just them being worried?"

Sam dragged a hand through his hair, his expression growing more grim.

"I've had someone keep an eye on her ever since we pulled her out of Africa. Nothing major. She wouldn't have liked it knowing I was using resources to keep tabs on her. I just wanted to make sure she was safe and if anything went down, I wanted to know about it. My guy there says her clinic hasn't been opened in a week. Looks like she disappeared not long after you left, Steele."

"What's being done?" Steele cut in. "Who do we have there? What can they tell us?"

"He's questioning the locals, but I'm concerned enough that I want to send in a team. Rio makes the most sense because he's closer."

"Fuck that," Steele growled. "Me and my team are taking this."

Sam's brow furrowed. Donovan looked equally surprised and Garrett frowned.

Steele's team stirred beside him. They were on edge, just like he was.

"I agree," Cole said shortly. "By the time Rio pulls his team in from God knows where, we could already be on the ground. We're all here and accounted for. We can load and go within an hour."

Steele nodded, as did all his other team members.

"We could go as well," Joe spoke up. "We're ready. Our team is here."

"No," Steele bit out again. "This is our mission. With or without your blessing."

Donovan blew out his breath. "I'm inclined to agree with Steele." He cast an apologetic look in his brother's direction. "Sorry, Joe. It's not that we don't have confidence in you, but we don't want your first mission to be something like this where we don't know shit and are basically flying blind into God only knows what. This is personal. Maren is important to all of us. And we need to move fast."

Again, Steele nodded. "We can move out now."

"I'll go with them," Donovan said.

Sam glanced at Garrett. "I thought we gave the orders around here?"

Garrett shrugged. "The job's gotta get done. Seems to me we need to go the most expedient route. Steele and his team have the experience. They're here. Why wait?"

"I'm going with you," Sam said tersely. "You'll go, Steele, but I'm going with you. No way in hell I'm going to hang Maren out to dry. She's done too much for this family, this organization."

"Well, fuck, someone has to stay here and sit on things, and it's sure as hell not going to be me," Garrett said. "Maren's one of us. No way in hell I'm going to sit it out."

Steele held his hands up. "Look, I get it. Maren is one of us. But this would go a lot smoother if you'd just let my team handle it. We'll keep in constant contact with you, and if we need backup you can have the new team at the ready."

Donovan looked like he was digging his heels in. Steele knew that look. While Donovan might be a more affable, easygoing member of the Kelly clan, when he set his mind on something, he was like a pit bull latched onto a prime piece of beef. It didn't help that he had a huge weakness for women and children. The fact that Maren was a woman and was someone extremely important to the Kellys just sealed it.

"Sam and Garrett can stay here. I'm going with you," Donovan said.

Garrett raised one eyebrow. "I'd love to know who died and left you in charge, little brother."

Donovan held up his middle finger. "While we're standing here arguing like a bunch of f**king two-year-olds, we could be moving out and finding out what the hell happened to Maren."

"Hooyah," Cole muttered.

"Hell yeah, hooyah," Dolphin echoed.

"I'm with Van on this one," P.J. said resolutely. "We're wasting time that we could be using to find Maren and kick the motherfucker's ass who messed with her."

Sam held up his hands again. "We don't know if anyone has messed with her. No sense going off half-cocked until we know for sure what's going on."

But his expression remained doubtful. Donovan spoke up, saying what was in the backs of all their minds.

"If Maren went off the grid without telling anyone, she's in trouble."

Baker and Renshaw stepped forward, their expressions determined. But it was Skylar who interjected next.

"So when are we going to be turned loose?"

Everyone turned toward Skylar when her softly spoken question filled the short silence.

Her lips were drawn into a tight line. Edge stood beside her; the only hint of his thoughts was the slight narrowing of his eyes. Swanny stood behind Skylar, quiet, away from the others. That was just Swanny's nature. He was self-conscious about the jagged scar that covered one side of his face. He'd been captured with Nathan when both were still in the army, and they'd both been imprisoned and endured months of unspeakable torture.

It was easy to forget Swanny's presence because the man rarely spoke. He was a lot like Edge in that regard, but no one could ever overlook Edge. The man was too huge. Swanny blended. A perfect chameleon. You could be in the same room with him and forget he was even there. He was a master at never drawing attention to himself.

Nathan looked calm, but his twin, Joe, simmered with impatience and frustration. But then of the two, Nathan was the more laid-back. Joe was more hot tempered and quick to want to act. Steele could understand that. But no way in hell was he standing down from this mission. He and only he would go after Maren and make damn sure she got back home safely. And while he was at it, he was going to convince her that practicing medicine in the middle of f**king nowhere in Costa Rica was a bullshit idea. She needed to be back stateside where it was safe. Where he and KGI could keep a better eye on her.

"You'll get a mission when we say you do," Garrett directed at Skylar. "And not one minute before. Maren is very important to us and not just because of the medical services she provides our teams. She's family. We send the best, and right now the best is not you."

The blunt assessment was enough to make a lesser person cringe. But Skylar and the rest of her team stared back at Garrett, and Skylar nodded.

"Fair enough," she said.

"Now if we're done?" Steele interjected. "We're wasting time."

"Let's roll," Donovan said.

As Donovan started by Steele, Steele stuck out his hand to catch Donovan's arm.

"We do this my way," Steele said in a low voice. "My team. My mission. My way."

The corner of Donovan's mouth turned up. "Is it ever any way else?"

Dolphin snickered, having overheard the exchange. "He's got you there, boss man."

"I want to know what the hell is going on as soon as you hit the ground there," Sam said. "And I want to know the minute you find out what the f**k happened to her."

Steele nodded. "My first priority is her safety and whatever I have to do to secure it. My second priority will be keeping you in the loop."

Garrett chuckled. "Ouch. I'd say he just schooled you on the way things are in Steele's world."

Sam's lip curled and his eyes narrowed. "As long as I sign your f**king paychecks I expect you to follow my goddamn orders."

"You can shove that paycheck up your ass," Steele snapped. "Now if we're done here, I have more important things to do than to stand here with this petty bullshit bickering."

He turned and strode out of the war room, his mind filled with images of Maren. Maren smiling. Maren underneath him. How she smelled. How she tasted. And now she was f**king missing. No one knew where the hell she was. Her family, whoever the hell Sam had watching out for her. They'd done a piss-poor job and that enraged him. If they'd been doing their f**king job, he wouldn't be about to get on a f**king plane to go hunt down the son of a bitch who'd put his hands on her.

He knew he was jumping to hasty conclusions. Maren could simply have gone away. She could be on vacation. She might have had an emergency. But no matter how many possibilities he came up with, he knew that it was none of those things. Maren was uberresponsible. She wasn't flighty. She was as steady and as stable as they came. Always had a welcoming smile, a warm shoulder. Always offered comfort and reassurance. She was good to her toes. Sunshine and sugar all in one package.

There was no way she would take off without telling her family. Which meant that whatever had happened to her wasn't by her choice. If some a**hole hurt her, so help him, he was going to take the son of a bitch apart with his hands.

CHAPTER 17

STEELE stared piercingly at the man standing in front of him and his team, waiting for him to cough up an explanation as to why he hadn't figured out Maren was missing until well after her disappearance. For that matter he hadn't known jack until Sam had contacted him for information. Steele had no patience for half-assing a job, and it was clear Sam had employed someone to watch out for Maren who'd done a piss-poor job of it.

The man looked nervous, but then he was being scrutinized by an entire team of pissed-off people. Donovan had his arms crossed over his chest, staring expectantly. P.J. and Cole were on the other side of Donovan, not looking any happier, and Baker and Renshaw were circled around so they almost encompassed the guy.

Yeah, he knew he'd f**ked up.

"I've been talking to the locals and the most likely suspect is Javier Mendoza. Apparently he's been sniffing around Dr. Scofield for quite some time. Mendoza's hired heavy was seen outside her clinic the night before her clinic didn't reopen as usual. She hasn't been seen since."

Steele's nostrils flared and his lips curled in displeasure. "I see. So maybe you can explain to me why you had to find out this guy was sniffing around Maren from the locals. Your job was to keep an eye on her. You should have known the moment some a**hole started expressing interest, and you should have immediately reported that to Sam Kelly, the man who pays you to know these things."

Rico went pale and he shuffled his feet nervously. "There's never been a problem. Things are always quiet around here. She gets up, goes to her clinic, treats her patients and then she returns to her cottage. Every few weeks she'll drive to get supplies, but other than that, she's predictable."

"So you got lazy and complacent," Donovan growled. "You didn't think anything would go down, so you stopped keeping a close eye on her."

Rico didn't respond, but it was evident that was exactly what had happened.

Steele shook his head in disgust. "If anything has happened to her. If one hair on her head has been touched in any way, I'm coming after you. There isn't a hole you can hide in big enough that I can't find you."

Rico looked like he was about to piss his pants. He stuttered and stammered, trying to come up with an explanation, but Steele was done with this idiot. He was pissed that Sam hadn't kept better tabs on the moron. He was pissed that he'd been called away from Maren and she'd been left vulnerable and alone. If he'd been here, there was no f**king way Mendoza's man would have gotten close to her.

It ate at him that while he was away on a mission, Maren had been in trouble and he'd never known a thing. He hadn't left her any way to get in touch with him. It hadn't even occurred to him to leave her a way to reach him on his phone because he'd planned to be back as soon as possible. He'd f**ked up. Every bit as much as the idiot Sam had hired.

No way in f**k that was ever going to happen again. As soon as he had Maren back, things were going to change.

"You're fired," Donovan snarled at Rico. "Get the f**k out of here. I don't want you anywhere near Maren or her clinic."

Rico looked relieved and spun around on his heel, hurrying to his SUV. He couldn't get out of there fast enough, and he likely realized the very real danger of getting his ass kicked the longer he stayed in their presence.

"Rico," Steele called out.

Rico halted and slowly turned around to look at Steele.

"Don't even think about f**king us over by giving Mendoza a heads-up. You're a dead man if I even suspect you talked."

He went pale again and nodded. Then he hurried to his vehicle, got in and tore off down the road.

"Son of a bitch," Donovan swore. "What a dumbass."

"Yeah," Steele agreed. Then he turned to his team. "Okay, we need to do some recon stat. I want everything there is to know about Javier Mendoza and I want it yesterday. P.J. and Cole, I want you two to take position outside his compound. Figure out the lay of the land. Tell me what goes on, what we're up against. Baker, I want you and Renshaw working on an entrance-and-exit strategy. I want visual confirmation of Maren's presence inside his compound. We have twenty-four hours to get this together. I don't want Maren in this a**hole's hands any longer than absolutely necessary, and I want to make damn sure she isn't hurt when we go in."

"Where does that leave me and Dolphin?" Donovan asked in amusement.

"We need all the information we can get on Mendoza, his dealings, what goes in and out of his compound. From what little that dumbass Rico could tell us, he has tight security and he monitors every vehicle in and out of his gates. If he has deliveries, I want to know when and what day. That would be the easiest point of access for us if we could hop on one of the deliveries."

"Provided the locals will even talk to us," Donovan said grimly. "From what Rico said, he wasn't able to get much out of them. They're all scared shitless of Mendoza."

"Rico is an incompetent idiot," Steele shot back. "Do what you have to do. I need as much info as we can get."

Donovan nodded and then turned to Dolphin. "You're with me, I guess. Let's go ask some questions."

Dolphin grimaced. "How's your Spanish? Mine's a little rusty."

"I can get by," Donovan said.

"I want everyone to report back in six hours," Steele said. "Stay low and don't be seen. I don't want Mendoza to have a clue that we're here. If he keeps his finger on the pulse of everything local like I suspect, he'll know we're here, if he doesn't already. We need to go in, get Maren and get the hell out before he knows what hit him."

"On it," Renshaw said.

The others echoed Renshaw's affirmative and they quickly moved out.

Steele stared at the clinic and down the road to Maren's small cottage.

"Hang tight, Maren," he murmured. "We're coming for you."

* * *

SIX hours later, they gathered on the periphery of Mendoza's compound in a dense section of trees and snarled bushes and foliage. Cole and P.J. were the last to arrive, slipping from the darkness. One minute they weren't there, and the next they appeared, barely causing a ripple with their movements.

They were good, and if they didn't want to be seen, you weren't going to find them. Steele liked the absolute confidence his entire team inspired. There wasn't a better team anywhere. Rio's was good, but they weren't Steele's team. His money was on his operatives any day of the week.

"Give me the rundown," Steele said in quiet tones. "P.J., Cole, I want your report first."

"This is nothing like Garza's operation," Cole began. "Garza had a half-assed security net. He was lazy and convinced he was untouchable. Mendoza takes his security seriously. He has men on the ground in heavy patrols, but they're irregular, so there's no pattern. Looks like it's designed that way so no one ever knows when or where the guards show up. This guy is smart."

"Four guard towers, one on each corner," P.J. added. "Three men in each plus an additional watch post in the middle of the complex that enables the occupants to see the entire encompassing area. He has six guys there. All armed with long-range assault rifles. I'd lay odds on them being crack snipers, but that's just a guess based on what we observed of everything else. I doubt he'd go to such lengths with his security if they weren't capable."

"Fuck," Steele muttered. "What else?"

"High concrete walls surround the main house. Iron gates on the north and south with four guards posted at each. No one comes in or out without being cleared. We saw one delivery truck come in and it was at least five minutes before they were allowed inside. Everyone inside the truck was searched and patted down. The entire truck was searched, top to bottom. I doubt we'd get in that way. They were very thorough," Cole said.

"With only two snipers, the best we're looking at is being able to take out front or back but not both at the same time. Cole and I would both have to team up and take out one side and by the time that happens, they're going to know we're here and all hell will break loose. This guy is armed to the teeth. I'd say he's one paranoid son of a bitch," P.J. said.

"What you're saying is that we're outmanned and outgunned," Donovan said grimly. "We need to pull another team for this, even if it's Nathan and Joe's."

Steele swore. They didn't have the time for this shit. What were the f**king odds they'd run into a goddamn fortress tighter than Fort Knox in the middle of Bumfuck, Costa Rica?

"We don't have time to pull in another team," Steele ground out. "Any sign of Maren? Do we know if she's even there?"

"We have a pretty good idea she is," Dolphin interjected. "Ninety-nine percent certain."

"Give me what intel you have," Steele directed Dolphin and Donovan.

"Van and I poked around," Dolphin began. "Mendoza had several deliveries. Women's clothing. Several shipments of feminine shit. Lotions, bath stuff, perfume, hair crap. The whole nine yards. Not to mention a few local deliveries of floral arrangements. Looks to me like a man trying to court a woman. But no one has actually seen her. He's tightened security in the last week, which falls in line with the timeline of Maren's disappearance."

Steele's lips tightened and he swallowed back a snarl of rage. "Anything else that points to evidence that Maren is being held on his estate?"

"We have an eyewitness," Donovan said grimly. "A child. Not the most reliable witness in the world, but he sounds believable to me and it was pretty clear what he saw."

"Tell me," Steele demanded.

"He saw a guy drive up to Maren's clinic right before closing time. He was waiting when she came out. They spoke and the kid said Maren looked scared. But then he said the man picked Maren up, threw her over his shoulder and then stuffed her into his vehicle and drove away."

"Fuck," Cole murmured. "That's pretty solid evidence. I vote we go in."

Steele turned his attention to Baker and Renshaw. "What do you have for me?"

"It's not good," Baker said. "As Cole said, high concrete walls surround the main house. Two gates, both heavily guarded. We have a few options."

"Give them to me," Steele said tersely.

"Well, we can blow our way through the concrete walls. Going to take a fuckload of explosives and it still only gives us one way out unless you want to split up and go in one way and blow our way out the other. We can bust through the gates, but again, they'd know immediately we were there and it would still take time to go through the compound and secure it. Especially since we don't know where the f**k he's holding Maren."

Steele and Donovan exchanged uneasy glances. Steele wasn't liking either option.

"Or," Renshaw said. "We can do a helo drop into the compound. Hit them hard and fast, load the chopper and get the hell out. P.J.? Cole? You guys detect any rocket launchers? Think they're that armed?"

P.J. frowned. "Not that I saw. He has heavy firepower, but all I laid eyes on were the rifles, and he has plenty of those. We'd be dumbasses not to plan for the worst, though."

"Where are we going to get our hands on a chopper big enough to carry all of us and offer enough protection that we don't get our asses shot off when we're lifting off and getting the f**k out of there?" Baker asked.

Donovan grimaced. "Damn good question."

"Fuck it all," Steele swore. "This is not the way I wanted this to go down."

"I know we all want to go in and get her out, but we have to be smart about this," Donovan said. "We need to call in another team, have Rio get us a chopper. He has the connections and could get it done a hell of a lot faster than us trying to get a contact locally. He could be here in a few hours if we call him up now. For that matter, Nathan and Joe and their team could be here not long after that. If we wait twenty-four hours before we go in, we'll have enough manpower and planning time to ensure this goes smoothly without getting us or Maren killed in the process."

"And what is Maren enduring in the meantime?" Steele said in a deadly soft voice.

P.J. flinched and nodded her agreement.

Donovan ran a hand through his hair and exhaled in a deep rush. "We don't have another option. I hate the idea of not knowing what that son of a bitch is subjecting Maren to, but the very last thing we need is to go in and get our asses handed to us, get ourselves and Maren killed. If I had to choose between her staying where she is another day and suffering that bastard's attention or going in prematurely and getting her and us killed, I think you know what my choice is."

Steele turned away and clenched his fingers into fists as helpless rage boiled through his veins. Fuck it all but they were in an impossible situation. It brought to mind too readily the time when P.J. had been in the hands of a goddamn monster and the entire team had been forced to listen to her being brutalized and were helpless to stop it. He never wanted to feel that again. Ever.

And now they faced a very similar situation. In a lot of ways it was worse because they didn't know what kind of situation Maren was in. They were flying blind and could only hope like hell that she wasn't being subjected to any kind of abuse.

It made him crazy to imagine what she could be going through. To imagine that bastard's hands on her. Hurting her. Her being helpless and without hope. He'd seen the very worst people had to offer. He'd taken down a lot of a**holes in his time. But he'd never felt this kind of blinding fury. It rattled him. Made him second-guess every decision he was making. And Steele was nothing if not decisive. He'd always been able to calculate each situation with complete cool and calm.

All he could see was Maren's sweet, smiling face, and he knew he wouldn't rest until he had her back. Safe. Where she belonged.

"What's it going to be, Steele?" Donovan asked quietly. "It's your call. But whatever we do, we need to move fast. There's a hell of lot to do in two days' time."

Steele turned back around, his jaw still locked tight in frustration. He blew out a deep breath. No, he didn't want to wait another f**king day to go in and get Maren the hell out of there. But he had to play this smart. They needed more firepower. They were up against a hell of a lot for one team-no matter how good they were-to handle. And as badly as he wanted to get Maren to safety, he wasn't going to risk her life to achieve that objective.

"Call Sam. Get the other team on the way. Then we need to contact Rio and see what he can help us with." He glanced up at Dolphin. "Get me a layout of the compound. We have zero room for errors. This has to be mapped out to the nth degree."

"I'll put in a call to Resnick," Donovan said.

The entire group went silent. Steele swung his gaze to Donovan, his eyes narrowing.

"Why the hell would you call Resnick?" Steele demanded.

"A guy like Mendoza is in some deep shit. No way he's clean. With the kind of manpower he's fronting? Who the hell has a f**king army guarding his residence complete with watchtowers and manned gates? Only someone with enemies and a reason to fear attack has that kind of setup."

"So where does Resnick come into the picture? I still don't like it. Every time Resnick pokes his nose in, it gets too f**king complicated. The last thing I want is Uncle Sam breathing down our necks when we're trying to get Maren away from some batshit-crazy kidnapper."

"Hooyah," Cole muttered.

"Hell yeah, hooyah," Dolphin chimed in.

"That even gets a hooyah from me," P.J. said.

Baker and Resnick both voiced their agreements.

Donovan held up his hands, much like Sam always did when things got out of hand and he wanted calm.

"Before this dissolves into outright mutiny, here's the thing. It's possible Resnick has intel on Mendoza that can help us. If he can lend us resources? Even better. It would certainly help us out if we had Uncle Sam in our pockets. Maren is too important for us not to pull out all the stops and avail ourselves of every advantage we can."

The group went silent. Donovan had scored a huge point and he knew it. When he put it like that, they could hardly argue over whether to consult with Resnick. If it gave them the upper hand with Mendoza, they'd be fools not to utilize him.

"Okay, you call Resnick," Steele conceded. "I'll get on the horn with Rio first and get him headed this way and tell him we need a chopper. If he has any team members he can reach and get here in time, I'll pull them along with the other team. Cole, while Donovan and I are making those calls, I need you to contact Sam. Brief him on the situation and tell him we need the other team as fast as they can haul ass down here."

"You got it, boss man," Cole said. "Let's get this show on the road already."

CHAPTER 18

STEELE simmered with impatience as everyone reported in two miles from Mendoza's compound. Rio had been the first to arrive, his right-hand man, Terrence, with him. Diego had come in just a few hours behind Rio. Steele could only assume the rest of Rio's team hadn't been able to make it on such short notice.

Nathan and Joe had flown in with their team and were accompanied by Sam. Only Garrett and Ethan remained behind at the KGI headquarters. Sam had pulled out all the stops for this mission. Maren was one of them, and they weren't going to rest until she was safe.

And finally, Resnick had arrived, accompanied by Kyle Phillips and his black ops team that worked for Resnick. Steele had no idea if Kyle's team was government sanctioned or if they were completely off the books. Steele's money was on the latter. He was positive that his tax dollars paid the black ops team's salary, but that money, like so much else, disappeared into a black hole and was recorded as some bullshit expenditure courtesy of the U.S. government.

Resnick and Kyle Phillips hurried up to where Steele, Rio, Donovan and Sam stood. The teams gathered loosely around so they could listen in on what Resnick had to say. As usual, Resnick had a cigarette dangling from the corner of his mouth and as soon as he finished one, he was quick to light up another. A more nervous, agitated bastard, Steele had never met. He still wasn't too keen on the fact that KGI had kissed and made up with Resnick after he'd f**ked them over in the past. But it was Sam's call whether to use him. Only now Steele had more of a personal stake, whether he liked that or not. Maren wasn't just under his skin. She was inside him permanently. She belonged to him. He'd staked his claim whether she realized it or not.

He'd listen to what Resnick had to say, but this was still his f**king mission and it would be done his way. Whatever Resnick had for them, it must be pretty damn important because Resnick had refused to say shit over the phone. Instead, he'd hopped a damn plane with his black ops group and hustled down to give his report in person. They didn't have time for this shit. Steele was itching to move in. The sooner they quit f**king around with reports and intel, the sooner Maren would be back in his arms, where she was safe. And he wouldn't make the mistake of leaving her unprotected ever again.

"We're wasting time," Steele said impatiently. "Say what you have to say so we can move out. Every minute we waste is another minute Maren is in that bastard's hands."

Resnick nodded and stabbed another cigarette into his mouth. "Look, Mendoza is up to his ears in arms and drug trafficking. Thought KGI would find it interesting that he cropped up after you took Alex Mouton down and we dismantled his entire operation and seized his assets."

Sam's gaze sharpened. Alex Mouton had been his wife Sophie's father-or rather her uncle since it was later discovered that Alex's brother had actually fathered Sophie. The world was definitely a better place without the Mouton brothers. They'd caused Sophie-and KGI-no small amount of grief. But especially Sophie.

"He took up where Mouton left off. Took over his operations. Expanded rapidly."

"It's like f**king Whac-A-Mole," Cole muttered.

Resnick nodded. "For every one we take down, two or more pop up to take their places. It's a dog-eat-dog business. If we don't take them down, they take out each other. The weak get culled and the strong, ruthless ones rise to the top."

"What intel do you have on Mendoza?" Steele cut in, determined to get to the point. They were wasting too much f**king time with the idle chitchat.

"Cagey bastard," Resnick muttered. "Slippery as a goddamn eel. He changes names and appearances like most people do underwear. I have profiles on him under a dozen different aliases, and those are just the ones I know about. There are probably just as many if not more that I don't know of. Every government agency in the West has a major hard on for him. He's number four on my agency's most-wanted list, but if he isn't taken down soon, he'll be number one in short order. I want him. That's why I'm here and my team is here. We'll do whatever we can to assist. And if we nail Mendoza, I'm going to need to take DNA samples to verify his identity because he's had plastic surgery multiple times and he even has his fingerprints surgically altered."

"Then let's quit f**king around and get on it," Steele said in irritation.

"I'm with Steele," Donovan said.

There were murmurs of agreement all the way around.

Resnick nodded. "Your call. Sam said this was your mission."

"Let's roll," Steele said. "P.J., Cole, you two take Joe and Skylar with you. Get into position and pick off what you can when we helo in." Then he glanced at Kyle Phillips. He knew the young Marine wouldn't like taking orders from him, but that was too damn bad. "You and your team go in from the ground. The rest of us are going to helo in. When you see the helicopter, blast your way in but make damn sure Maren doesn't get caught in the crossfire."

"Yes sir," Kyle said.

Kyle turned and motioned for his team and they headed out, melting into the woods that would take them to the perimeter of Mendoza's holding.

Steele surveyed the remaining team members. With Baker, Renshaw and Dolphin left from his team and Nathan, Edge and Swanny from the other team plus Sam, Donovan, Rio, Terrence, Diego and Resnick that made a total of thirteen. They had sufficient numbers to ace this operation no matter how heavily armed Mendoza's men were.

"You flying the chopper Rio brought?" Steele asked Donovan.

Donovan jerked his thumb toward Nathan. "He knows more about choppers than I do. I can fly pretty much anything, but he can fly them better."

"Let's go then."

They did a quick weapons check, tested their radios and receivers and then lifted off. Steele ran down the checklist in terse tones until everyone was clear on their assignments.

The helicopter buzzed low, clipping the tops of the canopy of trees and then burst into the clearing where the compound was sprawled. The atmosphere inside the chopper was tense. Expressions were focused and grim. Rifles rose, gripped tightly as they prepared to do the helo drop inside the walls.

"On my signal," Steele barked.

The chopper swooped in and hovered several feet off the ground. Below them, men scattered in all directions, taking cover.

"Go! Go! Go!" Steele shouted.

They dropped from both sides of the chopper, rifles up. From the corner of Steele's eye he saw the men in the guard towers start dropping like flies. The snipers were doing their jobs.

They fanned out, chaos surrounding them. A heavy explosion rocked the ground, and smoke and pieces of stone blew into the courtyard. The staccato of gunfire filled the air. Hoarse shouts, a few screams. Fuck, there were women.

"Watch for the women," he barked into his mic. "Take as few casualties as possible. I want a sweep of the entire house. Find Maren and make sure she's covered."

Without waiting for confirmation, Steele moved through the courtyard, his eyes peeled for any sign of Maren. Many of Mendoza's men were on the ground, facedown, hands cupped behind their heads as KGI and Resnick's team yelled for them to get down and stay down.

"Guard towers clear," P.J. radioed. "We're moving in to be your secondary."

Steele hurried toward the glass doors that had already been shattered by gunfire. Once inside he stayed to the walls, moving stealthily through each room. When he got to the large living room in the center of the house, one of Mendoza's armed guards appeared carrying a machine gun. As soon as he signaled his intent to shoot, Steele dropped him. He stepped over the body and hit the stairs.

No one was upstairs. It was quiet and the rooms were empty. He made quick work of the bedrooms and the two bathrooms and came upon what appeared to be Mendoza's study last. Finding it empty, he swore. Where the hell was Maren?

"Report," he said into the mic. "Upstairs is clear. No sign of Maren."

There was a lengthy silence, and then one by one the others checked in. No sign of Maren or Mendoza.

"I'm coming down," Steele said.

"Downstairs is clear," Donovan reported.

Steele took the steps two at a time and burst back into the living room where Donovan, Sam and Dolphin were standing.

"Where the f**k is she?" Steele demanded. "We have to be missing something. Bastard must have a hidey-hole he stashed himself and her in when we hit the ground."

"The outside is secure. Kyle Phillips and his team along with the rest of ours are rounding up the riffraff now," Donovan said.

"This was too damn easy," Sam growled. "I would say they were expecting us, but judging by the panic and chaos when we started shooting, Mendoza's guards were caught with their pants down. Doesn't sound at all like the man Resnick described."

Steele had a very bad feeling about this, and his gut never steered him wrong.

Resnick burst in, and for once he didn't have a cigarette hanging out of his mouth. He looked pissed and frustrated.

"We got nothing out there," he said. "Grounds are secure. Apart from the guards in the tower, we have minimal casualties. They couldn't give up fast enough when the shooting started."

"Pull in everyone who isn't standing guard over Mendoza's people," Steele ordered. "I want a thorough sweep of the entire area."

An hour later, the members of KGI gathered in the living room all wearing grim expressions. Dolphin bounded down the stairs with Baker and Renshaw on his heels just as Rio and Terrence appeared from the kitchen area.

"I found this," Dolphin said, holding out a folded piece of stationery. "You better read it, Steele. You're not going to like it."

Steele snatched the paper from his teammate's hand and quickly opened it, scanning the contents.

Mendoza knew about KGI from one of his men. They knew everything about me, including my connection to KGI. Mendoza told me we were leaving and that his current personnel were expendable. He was counting on you to get rid of them for him. All I know is that he's going to Paris for plastic surgery and then he's relocating to start over again. He's promised not to hurt me if I cooperate with his plans. I'm scared out of my mind, but I don't have a choice but to do as he's ordered me to. He wants me to oversee his recovery after his surgery. If you find this, please know I would have done anything I could to prevent this from happening. I hope to see you again and I'm putting all of my faith in you not to give up and to find me again.

Maren

The paper shook in Steele's hand. The others crowded around to read and Sam took it from Steele, his expression growing more furious as he read.

"Son of a bitch!" Steele swore.

He wanted to put his fist through a goddamn wall. This was bullshit. He knew he shouldn't have waited for the other teams to be pulled in. Now, because he'd waited, Maren had slipped through their fingers and was enduring God knows what at Mendoza's hands.

The handwriting had been shaky and unevenly scrawled as if she'd been in a hurry, and as her letter stated, scared out of her mind. She'd taken a big risk in even writing it. If Mendoza had discovered it, she could have gotten herself killed.

He didn't want to imagine her in such circumstances. A pawn, powerless in Mendoza's grasp. She was a beautiful, intelligent woman. He didn't believe for a moment that Mendoza's interest in her was purely professional. It made him sick to think of her frightened, intimidated, threatened.

He had to get a grip before he lost his f**king mind. He was torturing himself with all the possibilities. He had to turn it off. Had to find the calm, rigid exterior that had carried him through so many missions before.

"Shit," Resnick muttered. "This isn't good. It isn't good at all. Our chances of finding him again are slim at best. This was the closest anyone has been able to get to him. He's always one step ahead of the game. Every time we get close, he disappears again. This has been going on for years."

"He's going to Paris. What can you dig up, Resnick?" Sam demanded.

Resnick ran his hand through his hair and then promptly dug out a crumpled pack of cigarettes from his pocket. He lit one and inhaled deeply before blowing out a long plume of smoke.

"Hell if I know," he admitted. "The last three surgeons he used-that we know of-were found dead the day after his surgery. If he's going to Paris to have the surgery done, whoever the unfortunate bastard is who does it will likely be dead within twenty-four hours. Mendoza is careful and leaves nothing to chance. You saw what Maren wrote. The a**hole left his men with their balls hanging in the wind. He expected you to do his dirty work and eliminate everyone who worked for him."

"I want every last one questioned," Steele said. "I want a full report of everything they say, any information they can provide, no matter how insignificant it may seem. And I want to know the last time Mendoza was seen here and when he disappeared. If he's already on his way to Paris with Maren, then our time is running out. Resnick, you get me whatever you can find on the type of plastic surgeon in Paris that Mendoza might use. I don't give a shit who you have to blow to get the information."

Then he turned to Dolphin.

"Have my team meet me at the chopper. Tell them to get moving now."

Dolphin nodded and turned away. Steele surveyed the group gathered in the living room and eyed Sam unflinchingly.

"My mission. My way. This is personal. He f**ked with one of our own. I'm going to take this bastard down with or without your say-so. I'd rather do it with KGI, but if you give me any grief over this, I'm walking and taking my team with me."

Sam's eyebrows rose, and he exchanged glances with Rio and Donovan, who seemed equally taken aback by Steele's heated proclamation.

"It's yours," Sam said slowly. "But you keep me in the loop every step of the way. I want to know when, where and how at all times. Maren is important to all of us. I'm not going to hang her out to dry on this."

"Fuck no," Rio muttered. Then he looked up at Steele. "If you need backup, call me. My team will be available the minute you give us the word."

Steele nodded. "I appreciate that and I will call if I need the help. This is too important to f**k up."

"I'm going with you," Donovan said quietly. "That's not negotiable."

"Fine, as long as you remember-"

Donovan cut him off before he could finish. "Yeah, yeah, I know. Your mission. Your way. Don't worry. I'm not going to step on your toes."

"As long as we understand each other. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to meet with my team so we can pull the hell out of here and hop a plane."

"Don't worry about us," Sam said dryly. "We'll handle the cleanup here."

Steele didn't respond. He was already on his way out the door.

His team was waiting by the chopper, and they looked expectantly at him when he walked up.

"What's the deal?" Cole demanded. "Where the f**k is Maren?"

"I'll get to that," Steele said shortly.

He looked intently at P.J., who was standing with a worried frown on her face.

"Maren isn't here. Best we know is Mendoza has her and is on his way to Paris for plastic surgery. Apparently he wants Maren's skills to aid him in his recovery."

"Fuck," P.J. muttered.

"We're going after her, but P.J., I need to know if you can handle this."

Her brows furrowed and she shot him a what-the-fuck look.

"We don't know what we're going to find," he said softly. "Mendoza has had her in his possession for a while now. He's keeping her with him, and by her own admission, she's scared out of her mind. Maren doesn't scare easily, so in my mind she has a reason to be afraid of this a**hole. I need to be sure you can handle this. You aren't going to piss me off if you stand down from this mission."

There was a fierce glitter in P.J.'s eyes. Cole's arm automatically went around her in support, and he squeezed her shoulders.

"I'll be fine," P.J. said in a quiet voice. "Maren has seen most of us through our worst. No way I'm going to wimp out on her when she needs us the most. And if that a**hole has hurt her in any way, I'll remove his balls myself."

Cole grinned and Dolphin muttered a hooyah.

Steele nodded. "Okay, now that we have that out of the way, we're pulling out and hauling ass to Paris. Resnick's going to dig up any intel he has on plastic surgeons who have the skill level required for extensive restructuring and get it to us as soon as possible. In the meantime, we're going wheels up."

CHAPTER 19

MAREN quietly entered the bedroom where Mendoza-or rather Tristan Caldwell, as he'd renamed himself-was resting. He stirred when she approached. She'd long since gotten over her surprise at how lightly he slept, even when he was fresh out of surgery and drugged on painkillers. He was alert and aware, but then he seemed to have good reason to fear being killed in his sleep. He'd doubtless made many enemies in his lifetime. Or maybe he didn't fully trust her not to try to murder him. She wished she had the courage, because if she did she'd be sorely tempted.

"Ah, you're here," Tristan said.

He reached for her hand but she moved it away, lifting it instead to the dressings over his face. It had been twelve weeks since his surgery and the bulkier bandages had been removed, and now only the smaller gauze rested over the healing incision sites.

His surgery hadn't been minor. His entire face had been reconstructed, his nose and cheekbones restructured. Even his chin. It had to have been horribly painful. She couldn't imagine doing this on a regular basis. But even with the longevity of his recovery, he'd made faster progress than she could have imagined.

"They're looking good," she said briskly.

She was careful to never let their conversation stray from his health. She had no desire to build any sort of rapport between them. She treated him as she would any patient. Distant and professional. Never mind she was being held captive and subject to the whims of a crazy man.

"You've taken very good care of me, Maren. I'm not surprised that I'm healing so rapidly. When do you think the rest of the bandages can come off?"

"I'd give it another week," she said.

They could probably come off now, but she was in no hurry. She feared what would happen when he considered himself fully recovered. Though he'd kept his promise not to touch her, he'd grown increasingly bolder. She could tell he was growing impatient with his recovery and was ready to make his move.

She flinched when he put his hand over her belly. She forced herself to remain still and not pull away. She didn't want to anger him, but neither did she want him touching her.

He'd been nothing but gentle with her, and it puzzled her. His touches had become more intimate, and even his speech had been nonthreatening and almost ... tender. Like he wanted her to like him. No matter how gently he treated her, she wasn't going to succumb to Stockholm syndrome. She wanted out. That wasn't going to change no matter how nice he was to her.

"Shouldn't you start showing soon?" he asked.

They were fast venturing into territory she didn't want to go into. She moved to the side so his hand would fall away. "Soon," she agreed, unwilling to say more.

"Does the father know of the child?"

She narrowed her eyes as she looked down at him, making eye contact for the first time. He wore colored contacts now, turning his eyes a smoky blue. She'd never seen him without them since the day after his surgery, when he'd put them in. His hair was now dyed blond and with the plastic surgery, his face had dramatically changed.

"No," she replied, thinking that answer would please Tristan.

And it did seem to please him. Satisfaction brimmed in his eyes, but they also burned with a possessive light that sent a chill up her spine. She had to give him some credit, as much as it pained her to do so. He'd seen to her needs, made sure she was provided for and accorded her respect and demanded the same of his staff. It was as she'd been treated at his compound in Costa Rica. Pampered guest instead of the prisoner she was.

"Just as well since he'll have no contact," Tristan murmured. "You're mine, Maren. And so is your child."

She froze, her hands suddenly trembling. She snatched them away from the gauze after securing the tape once more and put them down at her sides so he wouldn't see the effect his words had on her. She bit her lip to keep from responding to his declaration. Nothing would be gained by her outburst.

"I'd like to have dinner on the terrace tonight. Tell Armand so he can arrange it. You'll attend, of course," he said.

As if she had such a choice in the matter.

"I'd like to rest now," he said dismissively. "I'll expect you back in the morning. I'd like the bandages off then."

She started to protest but knew it wouldn't do any good. He did what he wanted and he'd probably already figured out that she was taking her sweet time about removing the dressings.

She walked to the door and when she opened it, Armand was standing outside to escort her back to her room-or rather her prison.

It wasn't bad as prisons go. It was the height of luxury and comfort. She had everything she could possibly want or need. Except the one thing she wanted most. Her freedom. She was tired of living in fear. Of tiptoeing around Mendoza/Tristan and worrying each day that he'd break his promise and force himself on her. Or worse, decide to rid her of her child.

She made herself sick with worry. She was paranoid about every meal she ate, every drink she was offered. Always afraid that he'd give her something to make her miscarry. It was no way to live, and it was wearing on her. She didn't trust his smooth demeanor. She worried that he would catch her off guard and strike when she was at her most vulnerable. So she steeled herself and remained aware at all times. And it was fast wearing her down.

She was underweight, and fatigue was kicking her ass.

Armand pushed off the wall and fell in beside her as she walked back to her room. At her door he paused and then reached down to pick up a bag she hadn't noticed before.

"I thought you could use these," he said.

Her forehead crinkled in confusion as she peeked inside. She pulled out a book and saw that it was a pregnancy step-by-step manual complete with pictures and a month-by-month analysis of pregnancy.

The bag also contained several bottles of vitamins and a large selection of packaged treats, as well as gourmet chocolates and an entire box of a variety of tea bags. There was also a pair of reading glasses to replace the ones she'd left behind.

She was dumbfounded by his kindness. Or was it Tristan who'd arranged it? Somehow the thought of him giving her anything made her stomach knot.

"Did he send this to me?" she asked in a low voice.

Armand shook his head. "I picked them up for you. You haven't been eating well. I thought the teas and the packaged snacks would make you feel more at ease."

She gaped at him, shocked that he'd read her mind and realized her fear of being drugged.

"Thank you," she murmured, at a loss as to what else to say.

Armand didn't say a word. He merely turned around and walked away. A few feet from her door he turned back.

"You'll have dinner with him on the terrace tonight. But tomorrow you'll have breakfast in your room after you remove his bandages. After that, he won't have further need of you until tomorrow night. Dinner will be served in the formal dining room. Dress for it. There's something in your closet. And a box of shoes at the bottom. He wants you to wear the jewelry on your dresser. Make sure you follow his instructions. Don't anger him, Maren. No matter how gentle he has been with you to this point, you need to remember that he is a man accustomed to getting what he wants, and he's not a very nice person when he's thwarted."

She licked her lips nervously. Armand had gone shopping for her? He'd been in her closet? In her bedroom? And now he issued orders that made her spine stiffen moments after he did a kindness for her by bringing her the book, the vitamins, and the goodies.

"And take your vitamins," Armand said sharply. "You do your baby no good by not eating properly and not taking your vitamins."

She wanted to tell the a**hole that she was a doctor and she could take care of herself just fine, but she knew she hadn't been, and as much as she hated to admit it, he was right. She did need to take better care of herself and her child.

"I won't let him put anything in your food," Armand said in a quiet voice she very nearly didn't hear. "I oversee the preparation of all the food. Your baby is safe. I promise."

With that he walked away, disappearing down the dark hallway. She looked at the bag in bemusement. She was surrounded by crazy. One minute Armand could actually seem ... nice. And the next? He reminded her that he was Tristan's hired heavy. His enforcer. Even Carlos, his errand hulk, had been left behind, expendable as Tristan had said. Only Armand had accompanied them away from Costa Rica to Paris and then to God only knew where.

Maren let herself into her room, baffled that she still had no clue where she was. She could be anywhere at all. Armand had blindfolded her when they'd left the apartment Tristan had rented in Paris. She'd remained blindfolded the entire trip. She'd lost count of the hours on the plane. It could have been one hour or ten. Without the ability to look at her watch, she had no idea of the passing time.

Once they'd arrived at their destination, Maren had been ushered inside the monstrous house and her blindfold had been removed. She'd never been off the grounds and was allowed outside only for very short intervals and only with Armand Velcroed to her arm.

The weather was moderate. Not too hot. Not too cool, although the nights were crisper, and for some reason, she got the idea they were in the mountains. Maybe it was the rich smell of pine and the crispness of the air.

She sagged onto her bed, too tired to contemplate taking a hot bath. A quick shower sounded far more enticing, so she could go to sleep that much faster. She dragged herself up and shuffled into the bathroom after making sure her door was securely locked. Though she doubted Tristan would get out of bed this quickly, she'd be a fool to ever assume anything when it came to him. The day she let her guard down would be the day he'd make her regret it.

She locked the bathroom as an extra measure of security and then turned the shower on, waiting for the steam to start rising. Once underneath the spray, she turned her face up into it and let it beat down over her body, absorbing the soothing warmth.

Her hands glided down her body to her still-slim waist. She had lost weight, and it was weight she couldn't afford to lose. If she wasn't more careful, she'd end up doing the very thing she feared Tristan would do. She'd harm her baby herself by not taking better care of herself and her child.

"Somehow we'll get out of this," she murmured as she smoothed her hands over the spot where her baby rested. "Your daddy will come for us. We have to believe that. He may not know about you yet, but when he finds out, I know he'll protect us. He won't turn his back on us, baby. We just have to find a way to get to him."

She shook herself from the weight of her thoughts and quickly washed her hair. Once she stepped out and wrapped a towel around herself, she combed out her wet hair and then began to dress in the clothing Tristan had provided for her.

Judging by the quality and design of the clothing he'd arranged for her, he had plans that didn't include a platonic relationship between them. Otherwise why would he have bothered with the sexy, revealing lingerie?

She lived each day in fear that he would take that step and cross the line he'd promised her he wouldn't cross. She wasn't a naive fool. She knew he had no intention of keeping that promise. But he seemed determined to woo her instead of forcing his hand. The question was how long it would be before his patience ran out and he figured out that his seduction wasn't working.

She just hoped like hell that she was long gone before it came to that.

CHAPTER 20

RIO was awakened from a deep sleep by the beeping of his secure phone. He rolled carefully away from Grace, who murmured a sleepy protest before snuggling right back into his side. He smiled and kissed the top of her head before turning and reaching for the phone on the nightstand.

"This better be good," he growled into the phone.

"I have something that I believe belongs to your KGI."

Rio went silent as shock gripped him. "Hancock? What the f**k are you calling me for?"

Titan's leader, a man that Rio had trained himself, and who he'd thought had gone rogue, was not the type to call to ask about the weather. If he was calling Rio in the middle of the night, or calling him at all, it wasn't to exchange pleasantries.

"Pretty young female doctor? Ring any bells?"

Rio sat up in bed. Grace woke up beside him and went quiet as she studied him in the dark.

"What kind of stunt are you trying to pull, Hancock? If you have Maren, I'll have your balls on a platter."

"If you want her back, you'll pay attention. I'm sending an encrypted message outlining coordinates. Be at the assigned location two days from now at oh two hundred hours. Don't be late or I can't guarantee her safety. And Rio, I'm only handing her over to you. Anyone else shows and the deal is off. We clear?"

"Yeah, I got it," Rio muttered.

The phone went silent in his ear and Rio lowered the phone. Son of a bitch. It shouldn't surprise him that Hancock was involved. The man had his fingers in a lot of shady goings-on. It wasn't clear who Hancock worked for exactly. Titan had started as a government covert black ops organization that didn't officially exist. But then a few years ago it had ceased to unofficially exist either, and it had been disbanded. Only, Titan was still alive and operating. They'd brought down Gordon Farnsworth, the man responsible for Grace's abduction, and as a result, Rio and Grace had adopted Elizabeth, Farnsworth's orphaned daughter, a precious little girl whom Grace had healed at great risk to herself.

It would have suited Rio just fine never to have crossed paths with the man again. But apparently fate wasn't that kind.

"Rio?"

He turned to see his wife's worried face peering anxiously at him.

"What's wrong?" she asked softly.

He cupped her cheek and pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Not sure, baby. That was our old pal Hancock. Apparently he has Maren, or at least knows something about where she is."

She sucked in her breath, her eyes growing wide with alarm. "Is she all right?"

"I don't know yet. He's sending encrypted information and says he'll hand her over in two days' time. I need to retrieve that information, and then I'll need to call up Steele. He's been turning the world over trying to find her."

"Do you have to go?"

He grimaced. "Yeah, baby, I do. Sorry. Hancock says if I don't show, the deal is off. I'll take you and Elizabeth to see Shea. You can stay with her while I go with Steele."

Her eyes brightened at the mention of her sister. Then she smiled. "I'll let her know I'm coming."

Rio rolled his eyes. "Cool your jets for just a second before you start the telepathy. If Shea finds out this quickly, then she'll tell Nathan and then Nathan will tell Sam and the others and they'll all know before I even know what the hell is going on."

She smiled and threw back the covers. "I'll wait until you tell me I can contact her. In the meantime, I'll wake Elizabeth and we'll pack a bag while you do your top secret super spy stuff."

"Kiss me first," he murmured.

She offered her sweet mouth and he took it hard, tasting her and letting her taste him. He never grew tired of her kisses, of her love. She was a goddamn miracle. His miracle. She'd saved his life and it had nearly killed her. He'd never forget that, nor would he ever let her put herself at risk like that again.

"I love you," he murmured against her lips.

"Love you too," she said with a breathy sigh.

"Go wake Elizabeth. We'll need to pull out as soon as I download the information. I'll put in a call to Steele to meet us at the KGI compound. He and his team are God only knows where at the moment. He's taken this mission to find Maren very personally."

Grace frowned a moment, her brow wrinkling. "Steele doesn't take anything personally, does he? He's more of a machine than a man. I don't think I've ever seen him express any emotion."

"I have no idea what's under his skin on this, but he hasn't rested a moment since Maren went missing. He laid down the law and told Sam this was his mission and to go f**k himself if he didn't like it."

Grace's eyebrows went up. "Maybe Steele has a thing for Maren."

Rio laughed. "I doubt it, honey. Steele is ... well, he's Steele. He lives for his team and not much else."

"I bet that's what they used to say about you too."

Rio paused. "You got me there, love. When I met you, my priorities changed on a dime and I've never looked back. You and Elizabeth are everything to me. You know that, right?"

She smiled and cupped his face in her hands before kneeling up to plant a scorching kiss on his lips. "Yeah, I know."

* * *

TWENTY-FOUR hours later, Steele stood inside the war room at the KGI compound with his team, waiting for the information Rio had promised. He hadn't slept worth a damn in weeks. His sole goal of finding Maren pervaded his every waking thought. His team had been just as focused. He knew he was working them hard. His demands were nearly inhuman. But they'd accepted without complaint and had adopted his drive to locate Maren as their own. Three months. Three goddamn months since she'd disappeared, and he was no closer to finding her now than he had been in the beginning.

Except now they'd been brought in by Rio's cryptic message that he had intel on Maren. That was it. Nothing else. Steele seethed with impatience. What the f**k were they doing here? If Rio knew where Maren was, then why the f**k weren't they in the air, prepared to go in and get her out?

Rio stepped inside the war room and the entire gathering came to attention. Sam straightened and focused his attention on the other team leader, as did everyone else in the room.

Rio's team flanked him. They were still down one man, and so far Rio had shown no interest in replacing him. They were fools to operate a man short. Rio should have already replaced his man and had him training with Nathan and Joe's team. But then Rio did things his way, just as Steele did, so Steele couldn't really fault whatever reasoning he had. He doubted he'd be quick to replace one of his own team members. He sure as hell hadn't replaced P.J. when she'd quit the team and walked away. But then there'd never been a question of her coming back. Steele refused to even consider it.

"What have you got?" Steele demanded when Rio got close enough that everyone could hear his report.

"Hancock called me," Rio said bluntly.

A round of cursing went up from those gathered. Steele's blood ran cold. Hancock and by proxy, Titan, were bad news. They'd gone rogue and there was no telling who was signing their paychecks.

"He said he'll deliver Maren at oh two hundred hours tomorrow."

"What the fuck?" Steele bit out. "That bastard has Maren? What the f**k kind of stunt is he pulling? I'll nail his ass to the wall for this."

"I'd hazard a guess that he's in deep cover within Mendoza's organization. Or rather Tristan Caldwell, as that's his newest alias," Rio said.

Sam's expression was stony. "So he's just going to hand Maren over to us?"

"Give me a second to run down his communication. Then we can move from there," Rio said calmly.

The room went quiet and Steele's fingers curled into fists at his sides.

"The deal was that Mendoza, or rather Caldwell, made a bargain with Maren. She would oversee his recovery from his latest plastic surgery, and in return he wouldn't harm her or touch her. Hancock believes she's in danger now and that Caldwell is looking to waffle on his end of the deal."

"Son of a bitch," Steele swore.

"Hancock was willing to leave her until his mission was complete and he brought down Caldwell. I have no idea who the hell he's working for, but it wouldn't surprise me if Resnick was somehow involved. Or if he's not directly involved, he knows something. But Hancock is apparently concerned for Maren's safety and he wants to pull her now."

"Why the f**k doesn't he just take Caldwell down now?" Garrett demanded. "It makes no sense. He'd risk pulling Maren out but he won't pull the plug on Caldwell?"

Rio shrugged. "Your guess is as good as mine. I don't claim to understand the workings of Hancock's mind. He's cold and calculating. I'm surprised as hell that he gives a damn that Maren is at risk. He's the type to put mission above all else. We know that much. He damn well let Grace walk into a situation where she could have been killed, and he did it to achieve his objective. This isn't his usual M.O. so I'm leery of his offer to hand Maren over to us."

"Where and when?" Steele asked bluntly. "I don't give a f**k about his mission or his objective. If he can give us Maren, that's all I care about."

Rio eyed him speculatively, staring at him a long moment as if trying to peel back the layers in Steele's mind. Good luck with that. Steele returned his stare, not backing down one inch. He didn't flinch. Then Rio quirked one eyebrow upward.

"Maybe Grace was right," he muttered.

Steele's eyes narrowed. What the f**k was that supposed to mean?

Rio shook his head. "Never thought I'd see the day."

"Can we get on with it?" Steele ground out. "We don't have time for this shit. Just tell me where I need to be so me and my team can get on the road."

Rio blew out his breath. "There's a problem with that. Hancock will only deal with me. Says if anyone else shows, it's no deal. I know you won't like it, but I'm going to have to go. You and your team can be on standby while I retrieve Maren."

"Hell no," Steele burst out.

Several disagreements were voiced in the room.

Garrett had a pinched look on his face. Sam was shaking his head and Donovan's expression was dark.

"How the hell do you know this isn't a trap?" Sam asked. "You and this guy have history, Rio. What if he's using Maren to take you out? How do you even know he's telling the truth about any of this?"

"I don't know," Rio said calmly. "It's a chance I have to take."

"I don't like it," Donovan muttered. "This reeks of a setup."

"He's not going alone," Terrence said, speaking for the first time.

"Hell no, he isn't," Steele broke in. "Me and my team will be there."

Rio held up his hands for silence. "Look, Hancock is a cagey, paranoid bastard with ice in his veins. I don't doubt for one second that he'll pull the plug on this if I show up with two teams. Yeah, my team goes. Where I go, they go. Hancock will know this. Even if I'm at the meeting place alone, he'll know I never go anywhere without my team. Steele, you and your team are going to have to hang back with Terrence and the others whether you like it or not. Once I have Maren, we'll pull out and hook up with you as soon as I have her safe."

"So he's just going to give us Maren and expect us not to give a f**k that Mendoza or Caldwell or whatever the f**k he calls himself is still out there and a threat to Maren?" Steele asked.

Rio nodded. "Yeah, that's exactly what he wants. He's risking his mission to get Maren out, which is highly uncharacteristic of him. He won't hesitate to pull the plug on the entire thing if he even thinks we're planning to move against Caldwell before he's ready to shut Caldwell down himself. I know it goes against your grain to stand down, Steele, but that's exactly what we're going to have to do if we want Maren back and out of harm's way."

Steele's jaw clenched until his teeth felt ready to break. Hell yeah, it went against his grain to just walk away and let the bastard who'd abducted Maren go free. He wanted the bastard taken down where he'd no longer pose a threat to her. But first and foremost he wanted Maren out of Caldwell's grasp, and if he had to sit on his hands for the time being, then it was what he'd have to do. As long as he got Maren back, Caldwell and Hancock could go f**k themselves.

"You tell your buddy that if he f**ks us on this, I'll hunt his ass down. I'll devote the rest of my life to hunting him down and taking him out," Steele said in an icy voice.

Rio raised one eyebrow. "I'll let him know."

"Now where the hell are we going?" Steele asked.

"Kosovo," Rio replied grimly.

CHAPTER 21

MAREN sensed the presence of someone in her bedroom and woke through the heavy veil of sleep just as a hand clamped down over her mouth. Her shriek was muffled and her entire body went rigid, prepared to defend itself.

Her instant thought was that Tristan had come to her bedroom, that her time was up, and that he was making his move. She struggled under the firm hand and then another went to her throat, squeezing lightly. It wasn't hurtful, but the pressure prevented her from moving.

"Be quiet, Maren. I'm not going to hurt you. I need you to wake up. Above all, remain silent. Nod if you understand me."

Armand's voice filtered through her panic and she nodded. His hand loosened but hovered close in case she attempted to scream again. Who would save her? Certainly not Tristan, although he might not be pleased to find his guard in Maren's bedroom in the middle of the night.

"Sit up. You have to hurry. Get dressed. Take nothing with you."

She did as he said and glanced at the bedside clock to see it was just a few minutes past midnight.

"What's going on?" she hissed. "What are you doing here? And where am I going?"

"There's no time for questions," he said impatiently. "Get dressed or you'll have to go in your nightclothes. Wear something warm. It's cooler where we're going."

She grabbed his arm as he started to move away from the bed. "Tell me what's going on. You expect me to blindly trust you? Did Tristan order this?"

He turned back to her, his voice calm. "I'm getting you out of here. But if you don't hurry we'll lose our window of opportunity. It's my guard shift and the others are sleeping except for the guards patrolling the estate, and we have to time our exit just right so we aren't seen. You have exactly twelve minutes to get dressed and get the hell out of this house or you stay here. Your choice."

When put like that, she wasn't going to argue. No, she didn't trust Armand, but he had been kind to her, and if he was getting her out of her prison, she wasn't going to protest. She just hoped to hell she wasn't jumping from the frying pan straight into the fire.

She scrambled up and went to her closet, tearing off the silk pajamas. She paid no heed to modesty. She doubted Armand was looking anyway. Not bothering with a bra, she pulled on a T-shirt and jeans, gifts from Tristan. She hated to take anything at all that he'd given her, but she had nothing else to wear.

She pulled on socks and a pair of boots and then reached for one of the fur-lined jackets Tristan had provided. She hadn't given it a thought before, but it was obvious he'd planned for her to remain with him long term because he'd purchased items she'd need in colder weather and it had been cool but not cold wherever they were so far.

No matter what Armand's motives were, if he offered her a way to escape, she was grabbing it with both hands.

Returning from the closet, she whispered, "I'm ready. Where are we, Armand? Tristan never said and I've not been allowed outside long enough to get any idea where the hell this place is."

"Kosovo," he returned grimly.

"Kosovo?" she squeaked. "Oh my God. I don't even know exactly where Kosovo is on the map, and I've traveled extensively. All I can tell you is that it's in Eastern Europe somewhere."

"It doesn't matter. In a few hours you'll be long gone from here and it's advisable you never return."

"No shit," she muttered. "It's not going to make a place on my future vacation hot spots, that's for damn sure."

He grabbed her arm. "Let's go. You stay absolutely silent. Not one word. You listen to me and follow my orders at all times. If I say get down, you drop immediately. Are we clear?"

There was a thread of steel in his voice. She wasn't sure how she'd ever gained the impression that he was nice. Right now he sounded ice cold. Not at all like the man who'd brought her pregnancy books and chocolate. Or someone who'd fussed at her for not taking better care of herself.

She followed him into the hallway outside her bedroom, and it was then she noticed the gun in his shoulder holster. There was another on his hip. She didn't know whether to be relieved or worried over that fact. At least he had some protection in case they got caught, but she didn't relish being caught in the middle of a gunfight. She mentally said a prayer that they'd slip out undetected and make it safely to wherever they were going.

He paused a moment as if listening for any sound below. Then he herded her down the stairway, keeping his finger to his lips to motion her to maintain strict silence. As if she needed to be told. If he was getting her out of here, she'd do anything he said.

He led her through the kitchen and out the door leading onto the terrace. From there they took a set of winding stone stairs that led to an open, fenced yard. He pressed her to the side of the house and held his palm firmly over her chest. They stood for a long moment until Maren saw a shadowy figure fade to the right and around the far corner of the house. She let out a long breath of relief, but his hand pressed harder against her. A silent command for her to remain quiet and absolutely still.

Another figure followed in the same path as the first. She would have already gotten herself caught. Apparently stealth and escape were not her strong points. Thank God Armand had more skill than she did.

A dozen panicked questions swirled in her mind as he led her through the back gate and into the dense vegetation beyond the fenced-in enclosure. Was he just going to dump her somewhere outside the boundary of the house and leave her to go it alone? Yes, she wanted to be free, but somehow wandering around Kosovo in the middle of the night didn't fill her with any relief. She had no passport, no identification, no phone, no way to get anywhere at all.

When they moved beyond the first line of trees, he whispered, "Pick up the pace or I'll have to carry you and that'll slow us both down."

She immediately quickened her step, matching his stride the best she could. Lucky for her she wasn't so heavy with child that it had reduced her walk to a waddle. Though she hadn't gotten much exercise in the last several weeks. She'd spent her time locked in seclusion. She was already out of breath from the exertion of the fast walk.

After an interminable amount of time, she knew she wasn't going to be able to keep up her current pace. She had a stitch in her side and her hip was cramping.

"How much farther?" she whispered. "I'm not trying to be a pain, I swear, but I can't keep this up much longer."

In response he merely stopped, swept her up into his arms and then set off at a rapid clip. The man was obviously in tip-top shape. Despite his warning that carrying her would slow them both down, he kept up an insane pace. She swore he was walking faster now that he wasn't having to wait for her.

He made carrying her weight seem effortless. Who was this guy anyway? He worked for a guy like Tristan, but he did nice things for her and had sworn he wouldn't let Tristan harm her or her child. And it looked as though he was keeping his word. He'd risked a lot to help her escape. Tristan would be furious when he discovered her gone, and once he discovered Armand gone as well, he'd rapidly put two and two together.

"He'll kill you for this," she whispered. "You know that, don't you?"

She saw his smile in the dim moonlight streaming through the trees. It wasn't a friendly smile. It had the look of a predator about to pounce on his prey. She shivered because the man looked decidedly dangerous. Somehow she thought he could hold his own against a man like Tristan Caldwell.

"You let me worry about Caldwell," Armand said simply. "He won't be happy, but I'll take care of that."

"You're going back?" she asked in shock. "Are you crazy?"

"My job's not finished," he clipped out.

Another dozen questions burned on her tongue, but his grip tightened around her, a warning for her not to push further. Oh well, if he was crazy enough to go back to Tristan after helping her escape, that was his problem.

He must have sensed her thoughts. "Does the expression 'don't look a gift horse in the mouth' mean anything to you?"

He had a solid point.

"Thank you," she whispered. "I don't know why you did this, but I'm grateful. I was scared out of my mind."

"I know," he said simply. "And I had my reasons."

He fell silent and she didn't pursue the matter any further.

After what seemed like hours, he carried her into a small clearing, where a black helicopter was resting a short distance away. As soon as they came into view, the helicopter roared to life and the rotors began spinning, kicking up dust and leaves. She turned her face into Armand's chest to shield her eyes from the debris.

A second later he deposited her inside the helicopter and hopped up beside her.

"Put your belt on," he yelled over the noise. "Make sure it's tight. Don't want you falling out."

Yeah, neither did she. She secured her seat belt, and for good measure she latched onto his arm. He didn't pull away from her and instead transferred her hand to his thigh and then wrapped the arm she'd gripped around her shoulders, anchoring her tightly to his side.

A moment later, they lifted into the air and the ground spun dizzyingly below her. The helicopter swept over the treetops, nearly clipping the tops as they flew away.

A shiver overtook her and she was glad he'd told her to bring a jacket. Though the temps were plenty warm, the night air had a crisp chillness to it the higher they lifted into the air. With the sides open, the wind blew straight through the interior, turning her nose into a block of ice.

She clutched her free hand over her belly in an automatic protective measure.

Armand looked down at her, his gaze inquisitive. She shook her head to let him know she was fine. Scared and nervous as hell, but she was okay. She just wished she knew where they were going. If he was planning to go back to Tristan, then he evidently planned to dump her somewhere and leave. Which meant she'd be going it alone.

That filled her with utter panic. Her only option would be to find a U.S. embassy and hope they believed her crazy-ass story of being abducted. Or she could try to find a way to contact Sam so KGI could come get her. She imagined that by now, Sam rued the day he ever met her. She'd been a source of trouble, no matter that she'd provided medical services for his teams.

If she got out of this unscathed, she was seriously going to rethink her career path. She had a baby to think of now, and working in parts unknown in isolated, rural areas of the world was no longer something she could consider.

An hour later, the helicopter began to descend. As she looked out, she was surprised to see they were in the mountains, and it looked as though they were landing in a small valley between two jutting peaks. Her guess hadn't been wrong about being close to the mountains.

As soon as the helicopter set down, Armand reached over to unfasten her seat belt and urged her out. He ducked low and urged her to do the same, shielding her with his body as he pulled her into the trees a short distance away.

When they were far enough away from the helicopter for him to be able to hear her, she asked in a trembling voice, "Where are we? What do I do now? If you're going back, then how do I know where to go?"

He touched her shoulder and then squeezed reassuringly. "Don't worry. You won't be alone. Someone is coming for you."

Relief made her unsteady and her knees nearly gave out on her.

"Thank you," she choked out. "I don't know why you risked doing this for me, but I'll be forever grateful. If there's ever anything I can do to repay you, don't hesitate to let me know."

He grinned that sardonic grin and his eyes flashed with amusement. "Oh, I'll collect, Maren. Just not from you."

With that cryptic statement, he urged her forward again.

"Can you make it or do I have to carry you again?"

"Depends on how far it is to wherever we're going," she muttered.

"It's not far. Half a mile or so."

"I can make it."

"Then let's make tracks. I'm on a strict timeline here. I have to be back at the chopper in forty minutes, so I don't have time to spare."

Nodding, she quickened her step and fell in behind him so she could follow his lead.

Several long minutes later, her breaths coming rapid and short and puffing from her mouth in a visible cloud, they stopped. Or rather he came to an abrupt halt and she collided with his back.

He put his arm back to steady her and remained stock - still, his entire body rigid and wary, like he expected someone to jump out of the trees at them. With his free hand, he drew the gun from his shoulder harness and held it up and at the ready. Her heart jumped and began to beat double time.

"Stay still and remain absolutely silent," he said in a low voice.

She went just as rigid as he was, locked against his broad back. He was big enough that she couldn't see around him, and even better, it meant no one would be able to see her.

"We wait for your rescuer to show," he said. "No matter what you hear, or what you may see, you do not move a muscle. Don't say anything until I tell you to, no matter what happens, and do not react to anything that's about to go on. We clear? Nod, but don't speak."

She nodded against his back and he relaxed, but he still had a tight grip on his gun as he scanned the area, staring intently into the darkness.

She wanted to ask him who the hell was coming for her, and if he trusted them to get her out of the country or where they were taking her for that matter, but he'd been very exacting in his requirements of her, and as he'd mentioned, she wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. She'd sort out the details, hopefully when she was miles away from Kosovo and Tristan Caldwell.

CHAPTER 22

STEELE gathered with his and Rio's teams a quarter mile from the appointed rendezvous point. It still chapped Steele's ass to let Rio go retrieve Maren alone. He didn't trust this Hancock guy, especially when it was clear he had his own agenda and he'd do whatever necessary to achieve his goal.

Hancock had already proven in the past that nothing came between him and the successful completion of his mission. He wasn't above using any means necessary and he didn't care who got hurt in the process.

Which made it highly suspect that he was handing over Maren out of the goodness of his heart and because Tristan was close to making a move on Maren.

"Are you sure you can trust this guy?" Steele demanded.

Rio shook his head. "I don't believe I've ever said I trust Hancock. I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw him. But I don't see that we have a choice here. If we want Maren back, we have to play it by his rules. He's very exacting and he'd absolutely back out and take Maren with him if I don't do this his way."

"I don't like you going in alone," Steele said stubbornly. "You have no idea what he has with him or if this is just a way to f**k with you and KGI. How the hell do we even know if he has Maren?"

Rio sighed. "Look, I don't like it any better than you do. I'd much rather be at home in bed with my wife than out here in Bumfuck, Kosovo, on some wild-goose chase led by a former teammate who damn near got Grace killed the last time we crossed paths. But if he does have Maren and if he's willing to hand her over, then I have no choice but to do what he said and come alone. You and my team will be close by. If things go south, you can be there quickly."

Steele stood down. He didn't like it. But he couldn't risk Hancock backing out and Maren ending back up in Caldwell's hands, or even worse, at Titan's mercy. She wouldn't survive a minute with Titan. They'd dispose of her because she'd be a hindrance to them and any objective they were trying to accomplish.

"Okay, but if you're not back in twenty minutes, we're coming in," Steele said grudgingly. "Get in, get Maren and get the hell back out."

"Watch your six," Terrence said to his team leader.

"I will," Rio said in a low voice.

Steele eyed P.J. and Cole. "Wouldn't hurt for you to sneak in and hang back so you can line up Hancock in your sights. If things go south, cover Rio and Maren and make damn sure neither of them go down."

"I'll go with you," Diego said grimly. "My sniper skills are a bit rusty, but I can still shoot a fly off a horse's ass at three hundred yards."

"Then let's get into position," P.J. said sharply. "It's almost go time."

Rio slung his rifle over his shoulder and then shoved a clip into his pistol. "I'm out. I'll be back with Maren in twenty and then we need to load and go."

Steele watched as the other team leader disappeared through the trees. It took everything he had not to fall in behind Rio and take his six whether he wanted it or not. Only the thought of the possible repercussions Maren would suffer held him back. Still, the next twenty minutes were going to be the longest of his goddamn life as he waited to see if she made it back with Rio.

If Hancock had f**ked them over and led them on some damn goose chase, he was going to make it his personal mission to take Hancock and Titan down for good.

* * *

MAREN felt Armand stiffen, and he quickly drew his other weapon, holding both in front of him. Someone was coming. Every muscle in his body was coiled tight, ready to strike. She drew in her breath and tried to calm her respirations. Keeping her movements as slight as possible, she peeked around Armand's massive body, straining to see through the cloak of night.

A moment later, a lone figure appeared and halted several yards from where Armand stood in front of her. Her gaze was glued on the man. Was this her rescuer? The person Armand was handing her off to? And if so, why was he holding him at gunpoint? For that matter, she now could see that the other man had his gun up and pointing in Armand's direction as well.

Whoever it was, it was readily apparent that Armand didn't trust him and the other guy didn't trust Armand. Great. Just what she needed was to be rescued by an unreliable savior.

"Hancock, I'm here. Where's Maren?"

She knew that voice. Her eyes widened. Oh my God, it was Rio! Elation swept through her. Her knees sagged and she grabbed on to Armand to keep from dropping to the ground. She was so ecstatic that tears flooded her eyes. KGI had come for her. She'd known Armand knew of her connection to KGI, but never had she dreamed that he'd actually contact them or that he would arrange for them to come for her. But however he'd gotten it done, she was so grateful she could kiss him! Was it possible that Armand was one of the good guys after all?

"She's here," Armand replied.

Wait. Rio had called him Hancock. Like he knew him. What was going on? But then she didn't care who Armand/Hancock really was as long as she was leaving with Rio.

She was giddy with relief and excitement. She wanted to jump out and throw herself at Rio, but she remembered Armand's terse order that she wasn't to make a sound or move. But it was hard when freedom was just a few short yards away.

"Where?" Rio asked tersely.

"Behind me."

"I want to see her. And do it slowly and keep your hands where I can see them."

"One would think given the favor I'm doing you that you'd be a little less demanding," Armand drawled.

He sounded arrogant and utterly confident. He'd gone from somewhat quiet and reassuring to a methodical, cold-blooded-killer-sounding dude. She just wanted away from Armand/Hancock, Tristan Caldwell and Kosovo just as soon as possible.

"Maren, step from behind me and show Rio where you are," Hancock ordered. "Keep to my side and don't move any farther."

Maren hastily stepped out, positioning herself beside Hancock as he'd told her. She glanced eagerly in Rio's direction but saw he was still completely focused on Hancock. Probably a good idea since Hancock had two guns pointed at Rio.

"Maren, are you all right, sweetheart?" Rio called.

She glanced up at Hancock, remembering his order for her to remain silent.

"Tell him," Hancock said shortly.

"I'm fine, Rio," she called back softly, her voice wavering.

"How's this going down, Hancock?" Rio asked, still holding his own guns on Hancock.

"She's yours," Hancock stated. "I'm checking out. Stay out of my way and forget about Tristan Caldwell. He's mine."

"That's fine by us," Rio said flatly. "Maren, come here. Walk slow and get behind me. Understand?"

Instead of answering, she took off at a rapid clip, measuring each step as she went. When she reached Rio, she nearly wilted on the spot, but she got behind him just as he'd told her. The two men continued their staredown, never once lowering their guns.

"After Farnsworth, we were even," Hancock said. "Now you owe me and don't think I won't collect."

"I wouldn't ever think otherwise," Rio said dryly.

"Stay out of trouble, Maren," Hancock said, and then he turned and melted back into the trees, leaving Rio and Maren alone.

"Oh God," she whispered, her knees trembling as reaction set in.

Rio turned and grasped her arm, looking closely at her. "Are you all right? Did he hurt you?"

She shook her head. "No. I'm fine. Really. Can we just get out of here?"

"Steele is waiting with his team and the rest of mine," Rio said. "Let's go. The sooner we get the hell out of here, the better."

Her pulse sped up again at the mention of Steele. Shit, but this wasn't the way she intended him to find out about her pregnancy. She'd rather give him this kind of news in private. Preferably after the furor of her rescue had died down and she could collect her thoughts.

"Do you need help?" Rio asked.

"No, I can make it. How far is it?"

"Just a quarter mile."

She blew out her breath in relief and started forward at a fast clip. She wouldn't rest easy until she was well away from Hancock and Tristan Caldwell.

Rio took her hand and squeezed reassuringly. Grateful for the contact, she squeezed back.

"Thank you for coming for me," she whispered.

"Anytime, sweetheart. Are you sure you're okay? That bastard didn't hurt you, did he?"

"N-no. I'm good. Really. I'll be even better when we get home."

"We'll get you there," Rio said in a resolute tone.

* * *

STEELE paced in agitation, checking his watch. Rio had been gone only a few minutes, but it seemed like an eternity. He'd heard no rifle fire. All was quiet. The rest of Rio's team stood facing the direction Rio had gone, tense and prepared to go in. Dolphin, Renshaw and Baker stood with Steele, tense and ill at ease. It chafed them every bit as much as it did Steele to be sidelined. Especially on a goddamn mission that was his.

Maren was his.

He didn't know when the hell he'd started thinking that way, but in the last weeks of exhausting every possible avenue to find her, he'd began to think of her as his. They'd had sex. Really good sex, and sex didn't equal possession, but they'd forged something between them that far surpassed just a physical relationship. No way in hell he was letting her out of his sight again.

A sound alerted them all. They straightened and went rigid, their guns brought up and trained in the direction of the sound. A few moments later, Rio burst into the clearing, Maren's hand held tightly in his.

All the breath left Steele in a rush that momentarily weakened him. She was there. Safe and alive.

Her gaze rapidly scanned the area and when her gaze lighted on him, her entire face radiated relief. To his surprise, she launched herself at him, running straight into his arms. He caught her against him, holding her tightly. She wrapped her arms around his neck and held on for dear life.

"Thank God, you're safe," he breathed next to her ear.

"Thank you," she choked out. "Thank you for coming for me. Oh my God, I'm so happy to see all of you."

"There was never any question of us coming for you, Maren. I would have never stopped searching."

She felt alive and soft and so infinitely precious in his arms. She buried her face in his neck, and he felt the warm slide of her tears against his skin. His grip tightened and her body molded itself to his much harder frame.

For the longest moment he simply held her, his relief at having her safe in his arms overwhelming. He felt unhinged. Shaky and emotional, two things that he never experienced on a mission. God, he couldn't even form the words to ask her all he wanted to ask.

He tipped her face up, his fingers gentle underneath her chin. "Are you all right? What did he do to you, Maren?"

She stared fearfully up at him, her eyes stricken. "Please, not here," she whispered. "Not now. It can wait. Please, not in front of the others."

He collected himself and eased her away from him but kept her close, tucked against his side as he turned his attention to Rio.

"What's the deal?" he asked, his thoughts still firmly occupied with the woman he held to his side.

He wanted to know everything. He feared the look in Maren's eyes, how stricken she looked and how afraid she was. But she was right. It didn't need to be aired in front of the others, but the fact that she was so desperate not to reveal anything made his gut tighten with god-awful fear for what she'd endured.

His hand shook at her side, and his entire arm quivered as he anchored it around her. He hadn't realized just how scared he was until now. Relief that she was here and seemingly okay, even if she'd endured the unimaginable at that bastard's hands, was rendering him incapable of even the simplest thought process. He had to get his shit together and be strong for Maren and for whatever discoveries lay ahead.

"No deal," Rio said shortly. "Let's move out. Hancock handed her over. Wants us to lay off Caldwell until he brings him down. I have no idea why he's waiting, but he must be tracking something big Caldwell is working on. I told him we didn't give a shit about Caldwell. We just wanted Maren back."

Steele nodded, though he couldn't make any guarantees about dropping the pursuit of Caldwell until he knew exactly what the a**hole had made Maren suffer. Later, when he and Maren were alone, he'd find out exactly what he needed to know.

P.J., Cole and Diego appeared a moment later and immediately sought Maren out.

"Glad to have you back with us, Dr. Scofield," Cole said when his gaze found her.

Maren smiled faintly. "It's good to be back. But if y'all don't mind, I'd rather get the hell out of here."

"That gets a hooyah from me," Dolphin said.

The others muttered their agreement.

P.J. walked up to Maren and put her hand on Maren's shoulder. "Are you okay?"

Maren pulled away from Steele long enough to enfold P.J. in a huge hug. P.J. looked surprised, but her hug was just as fierce as Maren's. P.J. caught Steele's eye over Maren's shoulder as she hugged the other woman, and she lifted an eyebrow in question. Steele gave a short negative motion with his head to tell P.J. he didn't yet know what had gone on while Maren had been held prisoner.

"I'm fine now that I'm with you guys," Maren said as she pulled away from P.J. "For once, it's not me patching you guys up but rather the other way around."

P.J.'s gaze immediately sharpened to one of concern. She touched Maren on the arm. "Are you all right? Are you hurt?"

Steele's arm automatically circled her waist again, once more securing her firmly to his side. He too looked at Maren in question, but she gave a shaky laugh and said, "No, I'm fine. Really. It was just a figure of speech."

P.J. cast a doubtful look in Steele's direction, but she backed off.

Steele turned Maren in the direction of the path to the waiting helicopter. "Let's roll. We have a plane to catch."

Steele walked slowly so he didn't rush Maren through the uneven terrain. It took twice the time to get back to the chopper that it had for them to get from the chopper to the rendezvous point. The teams surrounded Steele and Maren, providing a protective barrier as they trekked farther into the dense forest.

She shivered at one point, and Steele stopped to strip off his jacket. He wrapped it around her, providing another layer of clothing as a barrier to the chill. It wasn't terribly cold, and the jacket she wore would ordinarily provide more than enough warmth in the current temps, but she was likely in shock. Relieved. Reeling from the sudden rescue.

When they reached the helo, Steele helped her inside and positioned her between himself and Dolphin so she'd be plenty warm during the ride. They lifted off a few minutes later and flew toward the airfield where the Kelly jet waited to take off.

Everyone was silent, but then no conversation was possible over the roar of the rotors. The chopper landed at the airfield outside of Prishtina and they hurried onto the jet. Within the hour, they had taken off and were headed back to the United States. Maren hadn't asked where they were going, which was just as well, because Steele had already decided he was taking her to his home. She'd remain there until he was certain Caldwell no longer posed a threat to her.

CHAPTER 23

MAREN sat next to Steele on the couch in the sitting area of the jet where they'd relocated as soon as they had taken off and gotten into the air. Her anxiety was clear and the minute they'd gotten from their seats and moved to the back, she turned to Steele, agitation clear in her eyes.

"I know you have a lot of questions," she said in a low tone. "I have a lot I need to tell you. Just you," she emphasized. "I know Sam and the others will want-deserve-answers, but what I have to say is for you and you alone, and I don't want to talk about it where we could be overheard."

Her voice had risen with each word and she'd grown more upset the longer she spoke. He smoothed a hand over her cheek, moving her hair behind her ear.

"I just want you to rest," he said in a soothing voice. "You don't have to say or do anything you don't want. Okay?"

The relief in her eyes was crushing. He pulled her into his arms, not caring if anyone else saw them. She rested her head against his shoulder, her soft breaths pushing her chest against his.

"Thank you," she choked out. "God, I'm so glad you're here. I'd begun to lose hope that I'd ever be free again."

His hold tightened around her. "I would have never stopped searching for you, Maren. I would have found you even if it meant turning the entire goddamn world over."

She lifted her head to stare up at him, her eyes soft and drooping with fatigue. "Kiss me," she whispered.

"That you don't ever have to ask me for," he said as his mouth descended on hers.

He wasn't forceful. That wasn't what she needed. She needed comfort. Reassurance. And so he gave her the tenderest of kisses, gentleness he would have never said he possessed. But for her, he could and would do anything.

She sighed into his mouth and then sagged against him, closing her eyes.

"Lie down," he said gently. "You need to rest, Maren. I can only imagine how exhausting this has been for you. Sleep now. We have hours yet until we land. I don't want you to worry about anything. I'll take care of everything and you."

She hugged him tightly and then carefully lowered herself, arranging herself on the couch so that her legs extended to the end and her head was pillowed on his lap.

He caressed her forehead and cheeks, running his fingers through her hair in a soothing motion until finally she drifted off and her breathing deepened, signaling her sleep.

He stared at her for the longest time, absorbed in his thoughts, his fears of what she would tell him and what it might mean for them both. He must have drifted off, exhaustion finally overtaking him, because when he opened his eyes, his head was lolled back against the seat and he was staring straight up at the ceiling.

He checked his watch to see that several hours had passed. He lowered his head and reached up with his free hand to work the knots from his neck.

"She still out?" Rio asked. "I checked on y'all earlier, and you were both passed out."

Steele glanced up to see the other team leader standing in the aisle leading into the seating area. He nodded but didn't extend an invitation for Rio to join them. Unfortunately Rio either didn't get the hint or outright ignored it.

Rio plopped down into one of the chairs situated at an angle from the couch where Maren and Steele were. He put one foot up and stared over at Steele.

"Hancock is of the mind we owe him, or rather I owe him now. And he'll collect. No doubt about that."

Steele scowled. "He needs to stay the f**k away from us. He's already caused enough trouble."

"That's true enough, but he's also done us a favor by handing over Maren. I still don't know why he did it. It's uncharacteristic of him to give a damn about anything other than his objective. But I swear, for the longest time I couldn't figure out why he waited so long to take out Farnsworth. It didn't make any sense to me why he would allow Grace to be taken when he had every opportunity before to take Farnsworth down. He had access and opportunity and yet he didn't take Farnsworth out until after Grace had healed his daughter. He put Grace at enormous risk and yet he pulled Maren because he thought Caldwell was close to harming her?"

Rio paused and Steele glanced at him. "You figured it out now?"

"It sounds crazy, but the only explanation I can come up with is that he wanted Grace to save Elizabeth before he took Farnsworth out. The minute she healed Elizabeth, he shot Farnsworth."

Steele sent him a skeptical look. "So you think this guy has a heart under that rigid exterior."

Rio nodded. "I may have written the thing off with Farnsworth as Hancock just being Hancock. Never know what he's thinking. He's like a machine. No emotion. No feelings. But now he gave us Maren because he feared Caldwell was going to make a move on her? That's two I can't explain other than to think he actually has a soft spot beneath the icy exterior."

His eyes gleamed with sudden amusement.

"Might say the same for you too, ice man."

Steele's eyes narrowed. "What the f**k is that supposed to mean?"

"Just that behind that cold-as-ice exterior is an actual heart. Not like you to take a mission so personally, but you've been pounding the pavement and going without sleep to find Maren."

"She means something to this organization," Steele bit out. "She's not an anonymous mission like so many of our others. We actually know her. She's helped us out many times. Of course I'm going to take it personally. Just as I did with P.J. when she went AWOL and just like I'd take it personally if any member of my team were in trouble."

"Uh-huh. Whatever you say," Rio said with a grin.

"Fuck you, man," Steele said rudely.

The other team leader just kept grinning and casting that smug, knowing look in Steele's direction. As if Steele would be spouting personal shit with Rio anyway. The two had to work together, but it didn't mean Steele had to like it. And he damn sure wasn't going to have some f**king touchy-feely moment with the other man.

"The others getting some rest?" Steele asked in an attempt to steer the conversation away from its current topic.

Rio nodded, but amusement still glittered brightly in his eyes.

"My team needs the downtime," Steele said. "They've been working nonstop over the last months turning over every stone in our search for Maren. We were overdue before this mission came up."

Too late he realized he'd put the focus squarely back on his obsessive, exhaustive search for Maren. Fuck it all. But he was going to make it clear that he was off the books for a long damn time. No way in hell he was going to leave Maren when she needed him most.

Rio nodded. "My team is rested up. And Nathan and Joe's should be turned loose anytime. They're competent. We'll pick up the slack while your team gets some R and R. Just make sure to include yourself in that scenario. But then Maren could probably use some help in the short term. I don't see her going back to Costa Rica after what happened."

Steele scowled again. "Hell no, she's not."

He didn't know exactly what the short term held. He knew he needed to get Maren back stateside and give her time to recover from her ordeal. Her family was frantic with worry, and they'd want to see her as soon as possible, but no way in hell was Steele going to allow her to run off on her own. It was highly likely Caldwell would be watching her family, if he wasn't already. And now that Maren had escaped him, who was to say he wouldn't go off the rails and try to get her back?

Beside him, Maren stirred and he looked down to see her eyes flutter open. For a moment there was confusion and her eyes were cloudy from sleep. Then she blinked and relief flooded her gaze when it connected with his.

"Hey," he said softly.

She glanced around the small sitting area and when she saw Rio, she froze.

As if sensing her discomfort, or maybe just opting to leave them alone, Rio stood and made a hasty departure back to where the others were sitting.

"Where are we?" she murmured.

She struggled to sit up and he helped her, keeping the blanket tucked around her.

"We're over U.S. soil," Steele said. "Should be landing in less than an hour."

Relief once again settled into her blue eyes. Her shoulders sagged and then she wiped her face with both hands, scrubbing back and forth.

"You can use the bathroom to freshen up if you need to," Steele said. "Or if you'll tell me what you want, I can get it for you."

She shook her head. "I'm fine. Really. Nothing a really long bath won't cure. I'd kill to be able to soak for about an hour."

"Done," he said gruffly.

She bit her bottom lip and glanced nervously at him. He hated that look. Like she was afraid of his judgment somehow. Or that she was afraid to tell him something she feared would change his opinion of her somehow. Did she think he'd hold anything Caldwell had done to her against her? Fuck that.

"Can you take me somewhere, maybe a hotel after we land? I really don't feel like being at the KGI compound right now. I know Sam and the others will have lots of questions, but honestly right now I just want to take a really hot bath, call my family and sort this out for myself before I have to explain it to anyone else."

He frowned at the mention of a hotel. "You're coming home with me. You can have your bath and make your phone calls there. Sam can wait until you're ready. For that matter, there's nothing he really needs to know unless you want to tell him."

Her eyes widened. "That isn't necessary, Steele. Really. I don't want to be a bother. I know you value your privacy. A hotel is just fine. I can call my parents and then go there. I'm sure they have to be worried out of their minds."

He shook his head. "My place. No arguments. Besides, no way in hell you're going to your parents. Not yet anyway."

"What?"

"It's very possible that Caldwell will be monitoring your family. Especially since you escaped. It's too dangerous for you to be in the open until Caldwell has been taken down. Your parents and your brother have been notified of your safe return. Sam is also arranging for protection for your parents and your brother in case Caldwell does something stupid. They've been told that you'll be in touch as soon as you get back to the U.S."

"You really think they could be in danger?" she asked anxiously.

He hated the fear and the worry in her eyes. She'd experienced far too much of both already. But he wouldn't lie to her either.

He nodded. "It's a good possibility. We can't afford not to assume the worst."

She sighed and her face fell. "I'm sorry, Steele. I hate to be such a bother to you and to the rest of KGI."

He nudged her chin up with his fingers. "You aren't a bother and you're damn sure not going to apologize to me. We clear?"

A small smile flirted with the edges of her mouth. "We're clear."

"Good. Now when we land, I'll drive you out to my house. Sam can wait for whenever you're ready. After you've had a chance to rest and get your bearings, you can call your folks so they know you're okay. And you and I will deal with everything else."

Anxiety crept into her gaze again, and his stomach knotted as he wondered what she had to tell him that worried her so much. He wanted her to feel safe telling him anything at all, but there was no magic wand for him to wave to make her trust completely in him. All he could do was make it clear with his words and his actions that nothing she said would change one damn thing about the way he felt about her.

"Maren," he said quietly.

She glanced back up at him.

"You'll get through this just fine. Trust me. I'm not going to leave you to deal with this alone."

"Thank you," she murmured. "I just hope you still feel that way when I've told you everything."

CHAPTER 24

THANKFULLY when they landed, they didn't have a welcome party waiting. Maren knew she owed Sam an explanation, but Steele had assured her he'd cover things with Sam and the others. Sam had gone the extra mile and then some, using his organization's resources and a considerable amount of manpower in his effort to locate her. But then the impression she got from Steele was that perhaps he and his team had been the ones who'd tirelessly worked on getting her back. Not that she was shortchanging Sam's or even Rio and his team's efforts. Not at all. But it gave her a warm glow to know that she meant something to Steele. He looked exhausted. There were lines in his face that hadn't been there before she'd been abducted. He looked as though he'd made it his sole ambition to find her.

She owed them all a lot. It was something she could never hope to repay, and this wasn't the first time they'd saved her hide. She just hoped like hell it would be the last.

When they disembarked, Rio told Steele he would report in to Sam and bring him up to date on the situation. He was better suited to tackle the issue of Armand or rather, Hancock, since it was Rio who'd taken Hancock's call and Rio who'd gone in to retrieve Maren.

What Maren wanted most was quiet and time to come to terms with what she had to tell Steele. She would have liked to have been able to tell him the moment she found out, but fate and Caldwell had dictated otherwise. But it was time to tell him the news. And she was scared to death and ill prepared in her current state to handle the impending conversation with the father of her child.

She gave her thanks to Rio and his team and then to Steele's team as they prepared to depart and go their separate ways. She sagged in relief when Steele led her to an SUV parked a short distance from the runway. She shed her jacket and stuffed it in the back before doing a quick survey of her body. She felt bare without the covering offered by the coat. It wasn't as if she were showing yet, but she still smoothed her hand down her T-shirt to see if there was any evidence of her pregnancy.

Her belly was firmer now, not nearly as soft as it had been before. She imagined that she'd pooch out just any day now. But other than a barely discernible hardness to her abdomen, there was no evidence of a baby bump yet.

Relieved that Steele wouldn't notice anything different about her with just a glance, she got into the vehicle and relaxed against the seat. Up close and personal, if they were making love, he'd very likely notice the differences to her body.

Her br**sts had gotten slightly larger and were a lot more sensitive. Her n**ples were darker and there was the fact that her belly wasn't nearly as soft. But she was assuming a lot. There was certainly no guarantee they'd ever go to bed together again. Even if it was all she wanted at the moment. They didn't even have to have sex. She just wanted to be in his arms, his body wrapped protectively around hers so she could sleep without the worries and anxiety that had haunted her for the last two months.

"You look wiped," Steele said bluntly as they drove away from the small airfield.

"I am," she said with a wan smile. "And there's no reason. I slept on the plane. I'm mostly relieved. It's only just setting in that I'm really free and don't have to worry about Tristan anymore. But I could definitely sleep about a week, I think."

"You're going to do nothing but rest for the next while," he said gruffly.

She turned her gaze to him. "I really am grateful for all you and your team did, Steele. You'll never know just how much."

To her surprise he reached over and caught her hand, giving it a gentle squeeze.

"You've saved our asses enough times. There was no question of us returning the favor. Now sit back and relax. Try not to think about that bastard. My place isn't too far and I think you'll like it. Peaceful and most importantly, it's completely private. It'll be a good place for you to get back on your feet and decide what you're going to do going forward. And Maren? There's no hurry, okay? Don't put any pressure on yourself. You're welcome to stay as long as you need, and there's no way in hell I'm letting you out of my sight until this situation with Caldwell is completely resolved."

"Wow. I think that's the most I've ever heard you say at one time."

A smile quirked the corner of his mouth. "Glad to see you haven't lost your smart-ass."

She grinned cheekily, reveling in the sensation of being happy. Free from the fear and anxiety that had gripped her for so many weeks. She relaxed, settling into the seat as she watched the landscape fly by in her window.

She closed her eyes and let out a long breath. She had one more hurdle to overcome, and then maybe she could relax and focus on getting her feet underneath her again. She couldn't very well make any plans for the future until she talked to Steele about the one part of their future they shared.

Their child.

CHAPTER 25

MAREN woke, surprised that she'd drifted off, when the SUV slowed and then stopped as Steele waited for the wrought-iron gate to slowly swing open. She sucked in her breath when she viewed the long winding driveway that led up to a sprawling ranch-style home.

Horses grazed in the open pasture, but surrounding Steele's home on the three sides not facing the road they'd come in on were thick woods. It was as if he'd cut a hole out of a forest and plunked his home right in the middle. In a word, it was gorgeous.

And he was right. She twisted in her seat to look behind them. It was private. The road leading to his driveway was a narrow county road that didn't look as though it got much traffic.

She nearly sighed in anticipation. Peace. Tranquility. Caldwell would have to look damn hard to find her here. Not that she didn't think it was a possibility. In the short time she'd been his pampered prisoner, she'd figured out that he had immense wealth and resources. If he wanted to find her, it was likely he could and would. She just hoped she was a novelty that would wear off with absence and distance and that he wouldn't feel she was worth the risk of coming after. And there was the fact that she had Steele-and KGI-at her back. She'd take those odds any day of the week.

"It's beautiful, Steele," she said as they pulled to a stop in front of the house. "I love your porch. It's so perfect. It's screaming for a swing, though. You know, one of those that suspends from the roof. Oh, and a wooden rocker. Definitely. Can't you picture it?"

He chuckled, and she enjoyed the sound as it vibrated through her ears. Deep, masculine and warm. Not a word anyone usually associated with Steele. He wasn't a warm person. But he seemed so different. Ever since the second time he'd come to see her, that time without any reason other than he wanted to. She liked that a lot. She held hope that she meant something more to him than just physical release.

He'd been anything but cold and remote with her. While the first night had been hot and passionate, she treasured the second visit infinitely more because nothing had forced him to come. No injured teammates. No need for medical care. He'd wanted her.

Damn pregnancy hormones were screaming for mercy. Just thinking about it elevated her temperature about three degrees.

"You think I'm the type to sit on the front porch in a rocking chair?" he asked.

She pretended to consider the matter and then nodded, keeping her face perfectly straight. "I can so see you taking up knitting."

He laughed outright and then got out. She opened her door and slid out as he was walking around to get her.

"I'm fine, Steele. Perfectly capable of getting myself out of the car and to that awesome front porch."

Still, he tucked her against his side, and she didn't complain. Not when she was pressed to that delectable body. Given the fact that he might not take the news of his impending fatherhood well, and she might never find herself this up close and personal again, she was going to enjoy it while it lasted.

They mounted the steps and he punched in a code on the keypad of the door. Her brows scrunched together and she glanced up at him.

"High tech just doesn't go with this house. It has all this rustic charm, you have a porch screaming for a rocking chair and a swing and then you get to the door and it has an electronic entry."

He shrugged. "I have a state-of-the-art alarm system complete with booby traps. If the wrong code is entered ... Well, let's just say you want to memorize it or make sure I'm with you to open it for you."

Her eyes widened. "Booby traps? Holy shit. You mean I could get seriously maimed if I enter the wrong code? Steele, I should tell you now, I suck at numbers. Phone numbers, account numbers, you name it."

He grinned. "Just kidding. But the look on your face was priceless."

She stared at him in stupefaction. "You cracked a joke? Maybe I should step back in case lightning strikes."

He scowled at her and then pushed her inside. She snickered and then inhaled deeply, savoring the tangy smell of cedar.

She hadn't lied about the rustic charm. It reminded her of walking into a mountain lodge. He guided her into the spacious living room and she rotated in a circle, taking it all in.

"I love it," she breathed. "It's so ... you."

"Glad you approve."

A huge stone fireplace was the focal point of the living room. Above the mantel hung a mounted elk head and as she took in the rest of the decor, she saw several other stuffed animals. In front of the fireplace lay a bear rug, and several wildlife paintings hung on the walls.

She wrinkled her nose as her gaze returned to Steele. "Beautiful animals, but somehow I think they'd be even more beautiful alive and in the wild."

"I'm sure you saw your fair share of wildlife during your time in Africa."

"Oh, I did!" she exclaimed. "It was fantastic. Africa was fantastic. Well, until the whole hostage thing. Then, not so much."

"What do you want to do first? We should have stopped and gotten you some clothes somewhere, but you were sleeping and I hated to wake you. But if some of my sweats and a T-shirt will tide you over, we'll go into town later and get you what you need."

"What are my choices?" she asked lightly.

"Well, you can sit and I'll fix us lunch. Or you can go take your hot bath and soak while I cook. Or you can make your phone calls and then do either of the aforementioned options, or you can eat and then call your folks. But somewhere in all of this, you and I have some things to discuss," he said quietly.

She swallowed, knowing he didn't even realize just how much they had to discuss. She wasn't a coward. She was totally going to tell him, but maybe it would be a conversation best had after she was clean and they'd both eaten.

"How about I take that bath, soak for a few minutes, then we eat. We'll talk and then I'll call my parents," she said.

It would be a lot easier if she told Steele the news before she called her parents, because she was going to have to tell them everything she was going to tell Steele and she'd rather he hear it directly from her rather than as a secondhand participant in a conversation he wasn't even a part of.

"Okay, I'll show you to the guest bedroom. It has its own en suite bathroom, but it only has a shower. You'll have to use my bathroom if you're going to soak. I'll get you something to wear, and take your time with the bath. I'll use the guest bathroom to take a quick shower and then I'll rustle up something for us to eat."

Impulsively, she moved in close and wrapped her arms around his waist, hugging him tight. She let her head rest on his chest for a brief moment, savoring his warmth and the hardness of his body.

"Thank you. You're the best, Steele."

He seemed surprised by the hug, but he wrapped both arms securely around her and squeezed tight, nearly smothering her with his embrace. It was ... nice. More than nice. If she could bottle his hugs as a cure-all, the world would be a much better place.

"Just glad to have you back," he said gruffly.

"I'm glad to be back," she said fervently.

He pulled her away from his body just enough that he could look down at her. Those ice blue eyes smoldered as they raked over her face. Then he lowered his mouth, kissing her with a featherlight brush of his lips.

She closed her eyes and swayed into him, her hands going to his chest, her palms pressed flat against his shirt. He deepened the kiss, licking at her lips until they parted and a sigh rushed from her mouth into his.

The room was kind of swimmy when he pulled away and she stared up at him, her vision fuzzy. He touched her still-tingling lips with the tip of his finger.

"Go take your bath," he murmured. "I'll have lunch on the table when you get out."

She took one step back, testing the steadiness of her legs. Confident she wasn't going to face-plant after the toe-tingling kiss, she reluctantly turned and let him lead the way to his bedroom.

The master bedroom was huge. He had a king-size bed with a rustic, slatted wood headboard and footboard. It looked like a log cabin bed, but it fit the rest of the decor, and again, it was just so ... Steele. He was echoed in every inch of the house. It fit him to a T.

When they entered the bathroom, her eyebrows went up. While the rest of the house wasn't remotely modern looking, he had a kick-ass bathroom with all the modern conveniences. Radiant-heated tile floors, granite countertops and what looked like a marble shower and separate huge soaking tub. Somehow she couldn't picture Steele soaking in a bathtub. He didn't seem like the type to just sit and boil himself like she was preparing to do. He was more the impatient type, in and out of the shower in two point three minutes.

"What's that look for?" Steele inquired.

Her nose wrinkled. "The rest of the house suits you. Your personality, I mean. But the bathroom? I just can't wrap my head around you ever using the huge tub. It's gorgeous, don't get me wrong. I dream of having a tub like this. Well, a bathroom like this. It's perfect. But again, I just don't see you dallying in the bathroom or indulging in the luxury of a hot bath."

He shrugged. "In my line of work, I come home with sore muscles, bullet holes. I've been beat to hell and have gone without sleep for five straight days. Believe me when I say, sometimes the best medicine is to bury myself in hot water and stay there for a couple of hours."

She winced. "Well, when you put it that way, it makes perfect sense. Unfortunately for me, I can't actually boil myself or even stay in the tub for too long."

"Why not?"

Her mouth opened but nothing came out. She'd very nearly given herself away by saying pregnant women shouldn't submerge in hot water for extended periods of time.

"Well, you promised me food, and not even a hot bath prevails over food at the moment."

"I'll leave some clothes for you on the bed. Towels are in the cabinet by the shower. I'll shut the bedroom door. Don't worry about me coming in. I'll stay out until you're done."

"Thanks," she murmured.

He turned and walked out, shutting the bathroom door behind him.

She reached over to start the bathwater running and then quickly stripped out of her clothing. She grimaced when she took off her shirt and realized that in her haste to leave with Hancock, she hadn't put a bra on, and she sure as hell didn't think Steele would have that particular accessory.

For that matter, she didn't have clean underwear, which meant she'd be going sans bra and panties until they could get to a store to buy them. Definitely at the top of her shopping list.

Twenty minutes later, she reluctantly left the orgasmic bliss of the hot water and stepped out to dry herself. She twisted her hair in a towel and piled it atop her head before wrapping the other towel around her body. Then she went into the bedroom, and as he'd promised, he'd laid out a pair of sweatpants and an oversized hoodie. Perfect. It would disguise her braless state.

Still wearing the towel on her head-she didn't have it in her to comb out her hair yet-she wandered out of Steele's bedroom and headed for the kitchen. Steele was standing at the island where the stovetop was inlaid and was tending to three different pots.

She sniffed appreciatively as she slid onto one of the bar stools at the U-shaped island.

"Smells wonderful. What's cooking?"

"Spaghetti," he replied. "Sorry it's nothing fancier. I haven't been home much in the last while and the groceries are in sore need of restocking. Hope you don't mind deer burger in your spaghetti. It was all I had in the freezer."

Her stomach rumbled. "I'm sure it's wonderful. Anything that smells that good has to be delicious. And to be honest, I got really tired of all the fancy gourmet stuff that Caldwell always had prepared. I had no idea what I was eating half the time. I'm afraid my palate isn't that refined. Give me a burger and some fries and I'm in heaven."

Steele grinned. "You and I will get along just fine then. I can cook, but I'm no cordon bleu."

A few minutes later, he drained the pasta and then ladled out the thick spaghetti sauce onto two beds of pasta.

"What would you like to drink?" he asked. "I quick-brewed some iced tea, but I wasn't sure if you liked yours sweetened or not. To me, it isn't tea unless it's sweet tea, but if you're not from the South, you aren't likely to share that opinion. I also have a variety of sodas and bottled water."

"Tea is fine," she said. "Admittedly, the tea I drink is usually hot, but I'm not opposed to iced tea at all."

"I'll get you some tea when I restock the groceries. Make me a list of the kinds you like. I can't guarantee my little grocery store will have a huge variety, but I can always order it for you."

"You're very sweet," she said softly.

From the way he was talking, he seemed to take it for granted that she'd be staying longer than a few days. But then she'd have a better idea of whether he still felt hospitable after she dropped the bomb.

"I've been called a lot of things, but I don't think anyone has ever called me sweet," he said dryly.

"Then I'm glad I'm getting to see that sweet side of you. It's definitely there!"

He slid her plate across the bar and then set his next to hers. He filled two glasses with ice, poured the tea and then walked around to sit beside her.

She stared down at the steaming plate of spaghetti and her stomach promptly rebelled. She sat completely still, willing the nausea to go away. But the longer she sat, the worse it got. Sweat broke out on her forehead and she inhaled sharply, realizing too late her mistake.

"Maren?"

Steele's sharp inquiry reached her ears, but she was already bolting from the bar, stumbling toward the bathroom before she completely lost it.

She burst inside Steele's bathroom, instinctively heading back where she'd just been a few minutes before. She'd just reached the toilet when the first dry heave hit her, the towel on her head tumbling to the floor.

She nearly fell with the force of the retch. Her stomach lurched painfully as it tried to offer up something, but there wasn't anything there to get out.

And then Steele was there, holding her up and preventing her from collapsing. He anchored her to his side and bent over with her, holding her hair back from her face. He didn't say anything, thank God. He just stood there with her, patient and gentle as her body convulsed over and over.

When her heaves finally calmed, he loosened his hold but remained there, seemingly uncertain of what he should do next. She was horrified that this had happened in front of him. Her humiliation knew no bounds.

"Can you stay right here for just a second? I'll get you a cool cloth for your face, but I don't want you to fall. Can you sit, or do you still need to vomit?"

She weakly shook her head. "I'll be fine. Sorry."

He cursed under his breath. "Don't be sorry. Here, let me close the lid and you sit."

He kept hold of her while he shut the toilet lid, and then he helped her ease down onto it. When he was satisfied she wasn't going to fall over, he backed away to the sink and quickly dampened a washcloth.

He returned and pressed it to her forehead. "Take deep breaths through your nose. Just take it easy and don't rush anything. When you feel like you can stand, I'll help you to the couch in the living room, unless you'd prefer to lie down on the bed for a while."

She nodded, closing her eyes while he gently wiped her face and mouth. Though nothing had come up, her mouth felt like yuck, and she really wanted something to drink, but she was afraid it would only come right back up.

"Better?" he asked softly.

She nodded again and then opened her eyes to look up at him.

"What the hell is going on, Maren? Are you sick? Do I need to take you to the hospital?"

She sighed. "Nothing that five more months won't cure."

He gave her a puzzled look.

"I'm pregnant, Steele," she said. "This wasn't the way I wanted to tell you, but that's what's wrong. I'm pregnant and I'm still in the everything-makes-me-queasy stage."

CHAPTER 26

STEELE'S mind went utterly and completely blank. He stared back at Maren, took in the anxiety written in clear lines all over her face. Her pale, drawn features. The fear in her eyes. The longer he remained silent, the more afraid she looked, and yet he couldn't find his damn tongue to save his life.

Rage billowed through him like a storm. He was afraid to say anything for fear that she'd think his anger was directed at her.

"What did he do to you?" he finally demanded in a hoarse voice. "I'm going to kill the son of a bitch, Maren. I swear it. Did he force you? Does he know you're pregnant with his child?"

If Caldwell knew, his obsession with Maren wouldn't likely end. He would pursue her relentlessly and Steele would never let the man touch her again. If he died trying, he'd protect her with his last breath.

Maren looked gray and very much like she would vomit all over again. She swayed precariously, her eyes shadowed as she looked anxiously at him.

"Steele, he didn't ... I mean he isn't ..."

She closed her eyes, looking more ill than ever. Steele gathered her gently into his arms and stood, carrying her with him.

"The bathroom isn't the place for a conversation like this," he muttered.

He walked out of the bedroom and back into the living room, where he tucked her onto the end of the couch, bunching pillows around her so she'd be as comfortable as possible. Then he reached for a blanket because she was shaking like a leaf.

After ensuring her comfort and that she was warm, he sat next to her, purposely remaining close to her, their bodies touching. He took her icy hands in his, rubbing them gently between his palms.

"Maren, look at me," he said in a gentle voice. "No matter what happened, you can talk to me about it. Unless that's not what you want. If you'd prefer to talk to someone else, I'll get them for you. Maybe your mom? Maybe we should call her now."

She shook her head and a tear squeezed from the corner of her eye, alarming him. Oh shit. He didn't do crying females. And Maren crying? Panic paralyzed him as he scrambled to try to think of what the hell he should do.

"It's not what you think," she said. "He didn't hurt me. Didn't touch me. As prisons go, his was rather opulent. He provided everything I could possibly need, spoiled and pampered me. Lavished gifts. No, I wasn't there of my own free will, but he didn't mistreat me in any way other than keeping me under lock and key 24-7."

Steele's eyes narrowed in confusion. Surely she didn't mean what he thought she did. "So what are you saying? That you were with him willingly?"

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "I'm not pregnant with Tristan's baby, Steele. He never touched me. He was growing bolder. I think if I had been there much longer, he would have ... Well, I'd rather not think about where things were headed if I hadn't gotten out when I did."

Steele's mouth dropped open in bewilderment. That wasn't at all what he'd expected her to say. His mind was screaming what the fuck. This wasn't making any damn sense at all.

"Then who the hell is the father?"

She pulled her hands from his grip and eyed him with huge, blue eyes, wide with anxiety, fear written clearly in her features. She looked like she was afraid of ... him. The thought gutted him. He never wanted her to be afraid of him. Did she expect him to go off the rails because she'd gotten pregnant by some other guy?

"I've only been with one man in the last eighteen months," she said quietly. "You. I'm pregnant with your baby, Steele."

He stared at her in complete silence as he processed what she'd just dropped on him. There were so many conflicting emotions ranging from what-the-fuck to absolute relief and elation. And a whole lot in between.

And when he did finally manage to open his mouth, he shoved his foot right in.

"I used condoms," he ground out. "I'd never take such a risk with you, Maren. I'd never not protect you." And then it hit him. "That last time. We didn't use a condom. It had to have been then. God, I'm so sorry. I knew better."

Before he could continue, she shook her head, biting into her bottom lip. "I was already pregnant then."

She sounded defensive, but there was also a quiver in her voice that knotted his stomach. Fuck it all, he didn't want her afraid of him. He wasn't going to freak out and start denying responsibility. But this was huge on the what-the-fuck scale. Life-alteringly huge.

He ran a hand raggedly through his hair and exhaled in a long whoosh, and then what she'd said finally registered. His eyes narrowed as he looked back at her.

"You were already pregnant? You knew that? And you didn't tell me? What the hell, Maren?"

He was horrified. Not that she was pregnant. But that she'd been pregnant. If he'd known, he would never have left. Nothing would have been more important to him than her and his child. She would have never been kidnapped and held for weeks, terrified out of her mind and worried over the safety of herself and their unborn child.

He would have been there, even if it had meant relocating to f**king Costa Rica to be with her during her pregnancy. Or better yet, she would have been with him here, in his house, not in an isolated part of another country.

Tears rose in her eyes. Her hands shook and she looked so damn scared that he couldn't stand it any longer. He pulled her into his arms and held her tightly as she shook against him.

Her words were choked out, muffled by his chest, but he didn't loosen his hold on her.

"I didn't know for sure then, Steele. You have to understand. I suspected, but I couldn't imagine that it could be true. As you said, we used condoms. The day you came back was the same day I drew my own blood and sent it off for testing. Before you arrived, I was going to wait for the results and then contact you through Sam. But then you got there and you planned to stay a while, so I figured when I got the results I could tell you face-to-face and we could go from there. But then you left, and I didn't want to lay that on you when you were leaving on a mission. I didn't think it was fair. What if I wasn't pregnant? You would have gone on your mission and been thinking about whether I was pregnant or not. You would have been distracted and in your line of work, distractions can be deadly."

He breathed into her hair and then stroked one hand down the length and then back up again, tangling his fingers in the strands.

"You should have told me," he said quietly. "Whether you were or weren't isn't the issue. The possibility that you were is. I would have never left you if I'd known there was even the possibility. If you'd told me, I would have stayed, Maren, and you would have never been kidnapped."

"I did what I thought was best," she said, a sob catching her voice and cracking it midsentence.

She reared back, pulling from his embrace, and then she reached up to touch his face, her fingers fanned out over his skin. Her gaze was earnest and beseeching.

"I was freaking out myself, but you have to believe me, Steele. Never once did I intend not to tell you. I got the results three days after you left and I was going to tell you the minute you came back. But then when I was leaving the clinic, Carlos, Tristan's hired man, was waiting for me."

She stared up at him, silver trails sliding down her cheeks.

"Please believe me, Steele. I'd never keep something like that from you."

"I believe you," he said quietly.

Her eyes lit up and she looked so damn hopeful that he regretted the way he'd all but attacked her. He had no excuse other than the blame he felt for leaving her. If he'd been there, she would have never been taken. Never suffered what she'd suffered for the last months.

And close on the heels of his words came self - recrimination.

"Christ, I'm sorry, Maren. This can't be what you wanted. It's my f**king fault. The goddamn condom must have broken or leaked. That's on me. You have to know I would have never placed you in this position on purpose."

She stroked over his face, soothing him with her touch.

"I know that, Steele. It's both our blame and neither at the same time. We're adults. We both know that birth control isn't foolproof. We both played with fire and we both got burned. But now that I've had time to take in the news, I'm not sorry about the baby. I hope when you've had enough time to digest it all, you won't be sorry either. Our child may not have been purposely conceived, but he or she is there now. Inside me. A part of me. I love our baby already. The last several weeks have been so horribly stressful. I was afraid to eat or drink anything because I feared that Tristan would try to harm our child or make me miscarry."

Anger surged through him all over again. He reached out to cup her jaw, rubbing his thumb along her cheekbone, trying to wipe away the lines of fatigue and stress. He chased away the tears that dampened her cheeks and then he leaned in, softly kissing away the moisture.

"I failed you, Maren, and I'm sorry for that. It seems I have a lot of experience in failing people who matter to me in the last year. First P.J. Now you. I should have been there sooner. If I had, you wouldn't have spent the last months in hell, worrying that the son of a bitch would force himself on you or cause you to lose your child. My child," he said forcefully.

His child. God, he couldn't even wrap his mind around the fact that he was going to be a father. He was so ill prepared for parenthood, it was ludicrous. Children had never been in his game plan. Ever. With the job he held and never knowing where he'd be from one day to the next, and worse, not ever knowing if he'd make it back from a mission? It was no way for a child to live. It was no way to be an effective parent.

He wanted to be the kind of father his own dad was to him. Even though he'd never planned to have children, now that it was inevitable, he wanted to give his child two loving, stable parents just like his own had been.

How could he or Maren provide that when their jobs took them to all parts of the world? Into dangerous situations?

"You didn't fail me, Steele," she said softly, breaking into his thoughts. "How were you to have known? I could have said something when Tristan started sniffing around me. I blew it off. It was stupid. I could have called Sam at any time. But I'm a big girl. I can handle myself. I've been doing it for years. I've worked alone in places many men wouldn't venture. But you know what? I blew it off because I had no reason to ever believe he would take things as far as he did."

She exhaled sharply and continued.

"I've never been singled out like that. You have to understand, I blend. I never draw attention to myself. I'm not the kind of woman who stops traffic or gets noticed in a crowd. What happened in Africa was just an unfortunate case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. It wasn't personal. I was taken hostage along with all the other people who just happened to be in that same wrong place at the same wrong time.

"But with Mendoza, or Tristan, or whoever the hell he really is, it was personal. And I didn't get that. I couldn't believe that I was being singled out when I've made it a practice to do my job quietly and without a fuss. I guess that's what I find so disturbing and why it upsets me so much. I've never had anything like this happen, and I still don't understand why he did it. Why me? A man who has his kind of power and money could have hired the best darn physician money could buy. Guys like that don't want a backwoods doctor who dispenses free medical care to the poverty stricken. And as I said, I'm not a woman who stops traffic, so I don't understand why he fixated on me. Was it convenience? Proximity? I just happened to be in the area and he said, What the hell, she's a doctor, I'll take her?"

Steele put a finger over her lips and then rubbed soothingly. "Maybe we'll never know. You can't make yourself crazy trying to understand how crazy people think. But as for you not stopping traffic? Got news for you. I'd definitely notice you in a crowd."

She flushed a delicate pink, color blooming in her cheeks. She bit into her bottom lip until he thumbed it to free it, and he softly pushed back so she wasn't damaging the tender skin.

"So what do we do, Steele?" she asked quietly. "I know this isn't what you wanted to hear. I know neither of us planned on it. It may not have happened the way we wanted, but I don't regret it now. I wouldn't go back and undo my pregnancy. This baby is a part of me. I'll do anything in the world to protect this child."

He weighed her words, still processing the shock of discovering his impending fatherhood. "What we do"-he began slowly-"the very first thing we do is ensure your health and well-being and that of our child. You've had a very stressful few months, and even if Caldwell didn't harm you physically, the strain wore you down. We need to make sure you're healthy, the baby is healthy and that you both get the care you need.

"After that? You'll stay here with me where I know you're safe. This changes everything, Maren. I don't know what your plans are or if you've even thought about it yet. Did you want to go back in the field so soon?"

Slowly, she shook her head. "If it were just me and I didn't have a child to consider, I'd take another assignment. I wouldn't allow some crazy bastard to dictate my life or make me so afraid that I couldn't do my job. It's more than a job, Steele. It's a calling. I don't know if you understand that, or maybe you think I'm nuts."

"Not at all. We all have callings. Mine is KGI and our missions. I don't think you're nuts any more than I think I am for what I do. We both help people. We just do it in different ways."

She smiled and squeezed his hand. "Thanks for that, at least. And to answer your question, I don't know. You're right in that my pregnancy changes everything. Changes my priorities. I've lived out of the country for so long and I don't have an actual place I call home here. I could stay with my parents until I figure it all out and until after the baby's born."

His frown was instant. There were a lot of problems with that scenario. Apart from the safety issues, he didn't want her away from him. He wanted to be a part of this pregnancy. He wanted to be there when his child came into the world. And he couldn't very well do that if she lived states away.

"What are you thinking?" she asked softly.

Her gaze was focused on him, her blue eyes inquiring.

"I don't want you miles away from me," he said bluntly. "I may not have planned this any more than you did, but I want to be a part of my child's life, Maren. I want to see you get bigger. I want to feel him or her kick inside you. I want to see the sonogram pictures. And I damn sure want to be there for the birth. There's no reason for you to do it alone. You won't be alone. Because I'll be there. Every step of the way."

Her eyes widened, but he saw relief there. Had she wanted him with her? Had she been afraid he wouldn't want to be a part of his child's life?

"I've said what I want," he continued. "But we haven't talked about what you want."

"I want you with me," she whispered. "I'd like that a lot. I wasn't sure. I mean, I know this was a huge bomb to drop on you. I know it'll take you time to digest it all. I guess I was worried that you wouldn't want much to do with me or the baby."

His eyes narrowed. "That's not going to happen. But you need to know that I'll be overbearing. It's who I am. And you have to prepare yourself for that. When it comes to your safety and the safety of our baby, I know myself well enough to know what kind of man I'll be. And that will probably drive you crazy. It would drive most women crazy. I'll try to be reasonable. I'll try to take it down a notch. But I'm warning you from the start that the only way I know is head-on, and I'm used to having things done my way."

Her lips twitched and amusement gleamed in her eyes. "I'm not one of your team members, Steele. Just remember that. I don't take orders very well."

He smiled ruefully. "I'll try my best, but you're going to have to be patient with me."

"Make you a deal. I'll be patient with you as long as you promise to be patient with me and to try to control your urge to boss me around."

"Deal."

"So where does that leave us, Steele? What do we do now? And do we try to figure out anything beyond the birth of our baby, or do we just take it as it comes and decide that when the time comes?"

He took a deep breath, wondering just how much he needed to lay on her right now. If he had his way, he'd move her into his home lock, stock and barrel and call it good. But he didn't want to overwhelm her from the very start. Especially when he had no idea what his feelings were, what her feelings were or if they were even compatible as housemates.

He knew for damn certain that she wouldn't live in his home without her eventually sleeping in his bed. That was a given. One time hadn't been enough, even before he'd known she was carrying his child. She'd haunted his every thought ever since the nights they'd spent together, and that was before she'd gone missing. She'd only become more of an obsession once he'd been determined to find her and bring her home safely.

But he had no idea if that attraction was reciprocated. They'd had great sex, or at least it was to him. But just because they'd torn up the sheets a few times didn't mean she'd be lining up to get into his bed again. And there was the fact that the first time he'd very bluntly told her that he wanted her out of his system, and then he'd left the next morning without another word, further contact or anything. He was still kicking himself over that. If he hadn't been such an a**hole determined to exorcise her from his every thought, maybe she wouldn't have ended up an unwilling guest of Javier Mendoza aka Tristan Caldwell. It was very possible he'd screwed up beyond redemption and she wouldn't want anything to do with him other than letting him help her through her pregnancy.

And he'd be a complete bastard to come on strong so soon after her rescue anyway. She needed time to get her bearings, refocus her life and come to terms with everything that had happened in a short period of time before she could be expected to make any decisions regarding her pregnancy, her life and a relationship with him.

Relationship. The word stuck out like a neon sign in his mind. Was he contemplating an actual relationship? If someone had asked him six months before, he would have been quick to say a relationship was the very last thing he was looking for or wanted. His job was his life. His team was his life. And a permanent partner or lover would have had no part of the path he'd chosen. It wouldn't be fair to a woman to have to share him with his team and his responsibilities to KGI.

Hell, it wouldn't be fair to Maren or their child. Which meant he had some pretty big decisions in his future. Ones he didn't want to contemplate yet. But then how could he possibly walk away from a woman who had become for all practical purposes an obsession, living in his thoughts on a constant basis? The mother of his child. A tiny little life that was of his blood. Someone who would depend on him for love and protection. No way could he back away from that responsibility. It wasn't something he'd even consider.

Which meant that he and Maren were going to be inexorably tied for the rest of their lives, no matter what happened between them.

She was still waiting for a response, and he sucked in a breath before leveling his gaze in her direction, locking with hers.

"What I suggest is that for now, you stay with me. There's a whole host of reasons, but we'll go with the two most important. I won't take chances with your safety or the baby's. That means you need to be where I can protect you. Where I know you're safe and taken care of. And you said yourself you didn't have a residence stateside, which means that you'll need a place to be comfortable as your pregnancy progresses. I've already vetoed you going to your folks because, and this ties in with reason number one, it isn't safe. I don't want you in that kind of danger and I don't think you want your parents or brother at risk either."

She shook her head adamantly. "No, I don't."

"Do you have a problem living here with me?" he asked softly.

She hesitated before slowly shaking her head again. "Do you have a problem with it?"

"I wouldn't have offered unless it was something I was sure of."

"But where does it leave ... us?" she whispered. "Or is there even an us? I feel like an idiot here, Steele, but I don't know what we are. Are we kind of friends who happen to be having a baby together? Are we former lovers who'll have a civil relationship because it's best for the baby? Or am I making a complete moron of myself for even thinking that the time we spent together was something more than you getting me out of your system?"

He snorted but was relieved that his earlier concern might well have been misplaced. He'd worried he'd ruined any chance of ever having her in his bed again. But if he was nothing else, he was determined, and he'd never given up on anything he wanted. And he definitely wanted her.

"I was a dumbass for thinking I would ever get you out of my system. If anything that night just dug you further under my skin than ever. You aren't a moron, Maren. That night meant something to me too. More than I intended. I won't lie to you. It was damn inconvenient, and no, I'm not talking about the baby. I have no regrets there. But that's why I came back to you that time and why I had every intention of coming back to you again when my mission was completed. Because I couldn't stop thinking about you after that first night."

Her eyes flared and her nostrils quivered as she stared back at him. There was clear relief in her eyes, and her shoulders drooped downward as if she'd been tense until his reply.

"And I'll tell you something else," he murmured, leaning in until their mouths were tantalizingly close. "I plan to have you back in my bed. Maybe not tonight or tomorrow or even next week. But it's going to happen, and we both know it."

CHAPTER 27

STEELE left Maren to make her phone calls, but he remained close, intentionally listening in. It probably made him an a**hole to eavesdrop on her phone call, but at this point, he'd take any advantage he could in finding out any information that helped him achieve his goal.

It hadn't completely solidified in his mind exactly what his end goal was. All he knew was that he wasn't going to let Maren out of his sight. No way he was walking away from her, not when she and their baby needed him the most.

It tormented his thoughts that if he'd known there was any possibility that she was pregnant, he would have never left her and she wouldn't have been taken by Tristan Caldwell. He understood her reasons. He wasn't angry with her for not telling him. But he wished she had. He wished she had shared her suspicions and her fears. They could have faced them together, and he would have been there when she got those damn lab results in.

He was suddenly thinking long term, and that unsettled him. His life had always been carefully mapped out. He planned to work with KGI at least another ten years before he even considered retirement. By then he'd have enough money amassed in his bank account and investments to live comfortably the rest of his life. But even as he eyed that time frame, he knew that if he was still in good health and hadn't managed to get killed or seriously maimed himself, he'd get bored just sitting around, hunting and fishing and being out of action.

In ten years he'd be approaching fifty. Beyond when most men settled down, got married, had children. But he'd never considered having a serious relationship when he was still actively involved with KGI. It didn't seem fair to leave a wife and children and go off to parts unknown where he ran the risk of not making it back. No woman wanted that kind of uncertainty, and he couldn't blame her.

But now Maren-and the impending arrival of their child-had changed everything on a dime. And he wasn't sure what the hell to do about that fact. When he thought of living separate lives, of seeing his child only when their schedules permitted, of being a part-time father, he didn't like it one bit. That wasn't who he was. It was never who he wanted to be.

But what did Maren herself want? That was the million-dollar question. But he could hardly ask it when he himself didn't have the answer to what he wanted.

Did he want Maren with him? Absolutely. Did he want their child with them both? No question there. But how to arrange that, work out a relationship with Maren and juggle both their careers? He didn't have a clue.

It took everything he had not to pull a caveman routine, lay down the law and tell her how things were going to be. He'd be a lying son of a bitch if he denied wanting to do just that. It gave him an extreme measure of satisfaction to think of simply telling Maren that she'd stay with him, and they'd raise their child together. Hell, maybe they should even get married. He liked the idea of her and their child having his name. But that was a huge step when they barely knew each other aside from the times she'd provided medical care to his team and a few nights of really great sex. All the time he'd spent mentally lusting over her didn't count as quality relationship building.

Most women needed a little more in the romance department than that before they agreed to commit to a guy. The time they'd spent when he'd gone back had been the best couple of days he'd had in longer than he could remember. And they hadn't done much at all. Just talked, he'd helped her out at the clinic, and they'd cooked, talked some more and made love.

He wanted more days just like that. Getting to know each other. Savoring time together when they didn't have a million other things going on and they weren't being pulled in separate directions.

Maybe this would be his opportunity for just that. Maren was here, in his house. He damn sure wasn't pulling any missions for a while. It would be just the two of them here. They could get to know one another better, talk through their options, make decisions about their future and their baby's future together.

Steele ran a hand through his hair and blew out a weary breath. Damn, but the last few months were catching up to him fast. The stress of not knowing where Maren was or if she was okay, the constant on-the-go with his team and then the eventual retrieval and now the news that he was going to be a father.

He was conditioned to go long periods on nothing more than nerves and adrenaline, but he felt like he'd just hit the wall head-on. He needed rest and time to ponder the best strategy going forward. The idea of Maren leaving, of going off on her own, made his stomach knot. He didn't want that. He wanted her here, and not just so he could protect her. That was a big part of it, yeah. But it wasn't the only reason, and he was afraid to closely explore all the whys and wherefores of that particular revelation.

No doubt she was under his skin, but she was also quickly making her way into his heart. A heart that many would argue didn't exist. The others might joke and say he was made of ice, but just a few minutes in Maren's company and the ice melted faster than a snow cone in the middle of August.

And when he imagined a sweet little baby with blond hair and blue eyes, a tiny replica of Maren, there was no doubt his heart was fast becoming involved. He'd been dubious about the Kelly children. Sam and Sophie's precious little daughter and then Ethan and Rachel's twin boys. They were cute as hell, but they were still smelly, noisy, squirming little humans. But when he imagined his own son or daughter? Something inside him went soft, and eagerness he would have never imagined gripped him.

He stiffened when he heard Maren's voice catch and then break. Shit. She was crying. He turned in alarm, his gaze seeking her out. Her face was tearstained. Her eyes were red and puffy. But to his relief, she was smiling.

"I'm fine, Mom. I promise. But there's something I need to tell you."

Steele tuned in, not even caring if she knew he was listening. It was obvious she was about to give her mother the news of her pregnancy.

Maren took a deep breath. "I'm pregnant, Mom. Almost four months pregnant. No, wait. Give me a chance to explain, please. Calm down. It's okay. It's not Tristan Caldwell's baby."

Maren closed her eyes and bowed her head, pinching the bridge of her nose between her fingers as she held the phone to her ear with her other hand.

"Mom, stop and listen to me!"

Steele's eyes widened at the vehemence in her voice.

She took another deep breath and raised her head. She swung around and saw Steele standing a short distance away. She grimaced and rolled her eyes and then put her finger to her temple, mimicking a gun, and pretended to shoot.

"I was already pregnant when I was kidnapped."

She groaned and closed her eyes again. Then she flopped into one of the chairs.

"I didn't tell you because I had only just found out myself. I got the test results the day I was kidnapped. I wasn't holding out, Mom. I didn't even get a chance to tell the father!"

She glanced up at Steele, nervousness written on her features.

"He's a good man, Mom. I'm with him now. I'm staying with him for a while. At least until I get my bearings and figure out what I'm going to do next."

Steele frowned, not liking what he was hearing. Like he was a temporary Band-Aid before she moved on to greener pastures.

"Uh, I don't know, Mom. I'd have to ask Steele. He's worried that Tristan Caldwell is watching my family. Steele doesn't want me exposed."

She slid the phone away from her mouth. "Steele? Would it be all right if they visit me here?"

Steele walked over, sitting on the couch across from her. "Of course they can. I'll clear it with Sam to fly them in on the KGI jet and they can fly into Henry County. I'll pick them up and drive them here."

Her eyes lit up and her dazzling smile made him want to keep doing things to make her smile again and again.

"Mom, he said it would be okay. He's going to arrange to fly you in on the company jet. I'll get in touch as soon as I know the details and we'll pick you up at the airport."

There was a brief pause and then, "I love you too, Mom. And I'll see you soon."

She put the phone down and to Steele's surprise, she got up and walked to the couch where he sat. She crawled up next to him and threw her arms around him.

"Thank you," she said as she squeezed him senseless.

He settled his arms around her, liking her slight weight molded to his body. He pulled until she fell across his lap and he cupped her cheek, rubbing his thumb over her satiny skin.

"You're welcome. I know you're anxious to see them and they're probably frantic to do the same and see for themselves that you're all right."

He wasn't about to let this opportunity pass him by. She was in his arms, their mouths so close he could feel the soft puffs of her breath. He angled his head and moved in, pressing his lips to hers.

He would have never thought he had it in him to be gentle. That wasn't his style. But the idea of rushing something this important didn't sit well with him at all.

She let out a breathy sigh and kissed him back. Her tongue toyed playfully with his, licking and tasting, and then she surprised him by becoming the aggressor and deepening the kiss by plunging her tongue forward.

His pulse ratcheted up and his blood ran hot in his veins. His body came to life. His groin tightened and his dick surged in his pants. All over a simple kiss. But it was the combination of having her this close, in his arms, that sweet smile she gave him, and her tongue toying playfully with his.

He wanted her with an intensity that verged on pain. Hell yeah, she was going to be in his bed. Just as soon as he could get her there.

He slid his palm up her leg and then to her belly. He splayed his fingers over her still-flat abdomen and looked down, marveling at the thought that his child lay beneath his hand. Nestled in her womb. A part of him. His blood.

"Can I see it?" he murmured.

Slowly she began to pull up the hoodie, exposing her belly. He smoothed his hand over it, rubbing and caressing the flesh. Her stomach was firmer than before. He could feel the beginnings of a rounded curve, but it was hard, the skin tighter than it had been before. Her body was preparing to stretch to accommodate the growing baby.

"It's incredible to think there's a tiny life inside you," he said gruffly. "A part of us both. I'm glad you don't regret it, Maren, because it's the honest-to-God truth that I don't regret it either. I know I'm not the one who has to carry the baby nine months and then give birth to it, but right here and now I'm not sorry the damn condom failed."

She cupped his jaw in her palm and stared up at him, her eyes warm and soft. "I'm glad because I'm not sorry either. I'm betting we end up making a beautiful baby."

"If she's anything like her mother, that's guaranteed."

She smiled. "So when will my parents be able to come? I hate to impose on you even more by letting my family come here, but they've been frantic the last few months and they're determined to see me with their own eyes so they can stop worrying."

"That's understandable and you're not imposing. I don't blame them for wanting to see you as soon as possible. I'll talk to Sam about it in the morning. For now I thought we'd relax for the evening and turn in early. We both need some sleep. I have to report in with Sam anyway, so I'll add commandeering a KGI jet to the list."

She swallowed visibly and looked suddenly uncertain, her eyes casting downward. Her teeth flashed, sinking into her bottom lip, a sure sign of her agitation. He gently thumbed her lip away and then nudged her chin upward.

"What's bothering you, Maren?"

She shook her head. "Nothing. Just wondering. It's stupid, really."

He cocked his head, curious about what she was thinking. "Tell me."

To his surprise, she blushed, her cheeks going rosy with color. "I was going to ask where I was going to sleep, but you showed me to the guest room. It was a silly thought."

He went still, his pulse suddenly thundering in his ears. Then he cupped her face in his hands, forcing her to look directly at him.

"If you're asking where you can sleep, then yeah, the guest room is all yours. If you're asking me where I want you to sleep, then the answer is with me. In my bed. But if that's not what you want, that's okay. At least for now."

Relief flashed in her eyes. "I'd like to sleep with you. I mean if that's okay. I'd just feel safer."

Her admission tugged at his heart and he stroked his thumbs over the softness of her skin.

"Maren, I'm not going to pretend that you and I haven't slept together. I'm not going to pretend that we didn't make a pretty damn powerful connection. I knew it then and I know it now. It's why I told you I was coming back to you. What we had wasn't finished. Not by a long shot. It's merely been delayed. But that's over now. You're here with me where you belong. And I want to see where this takes us. We have a tie between us now. Our child. But that's not the only connection between us, and I think you know that as much as I do. And I don't want you to ever think that the only reason you're with me is that you're pregnant with my baby."

She leaned into him, wrapping her arms around his neck and then she laid her head on his shoulder. "I'm scared, Steele."

Her frank admission tore at his chest. He tightened his hold on her and angled his head to kiss the top of hers.

"I'm scared too," he admitted.

She stiffened and then picked up her head to stare at him in surprise. "I can't imagine anything ever scaring you."

"Then you haven't got a clue what I've been through these last weeks, not knowing where you were, if you were hurt, dead, suffering, afraid. The list goes on and on. I was gutted the day Sam told me you'd gone missing, and I haven't been worth a damn since. Right here and now with you in my arms is the only moment of peace I've known since the day I left you and promised to come back. It was a promise I was afraid I wouldn't be able to keep when I learned what had happened to you.

"And beyond that, the thought of you carrying my child scares the shit out of me. Not because it's not something I want, but because I know all the things that can go wrong. I know that just because you're away from Tristan Caldwell now doesn't mean he won't come after you. I'm scared I won't be able to protect you. I'm afraid of what could happen to you and our child. So yeah, I'd say I'm pretty damn scared right now."

She kissed him, long and deep, her mouth moving sweetly over his. He let her dictate the action, perfectly content to sit back and enjoy what she gave him.

"Never thought I'd feel this way over a woman," he murmured when she pulled back, her eyes glazed with desire. "Never wanted to."

"And now?" she asked softly.

"Now I don't mind at all."

CHAPTER 28

"YOU need to eat something," Steele said to Maren as she sat on his lap, snuggled into his arms.

The two had stayed there for the last hour simply enjoying being together and talking about the baby. Nothing too serious. Just idle chitchat, whatever came to mind. It was the absolute best medicine for her.

She'd never felt more safe or content than she did in this moment.

"Do you think you could stomach some soup and maybe a cup of hot tea? I don't have a variety of the teas you drink, but I could at least use the tea bags that I make iced tea with and make it hot for you."

Her heart went soft at the concern in his voice and the determination to take care of her. It felt ... nice. She'd always been self-sufficient. Her parents had taught her to take care of herself from a very young age and she'd always been grateful for that. She'd grown into a confident, capable adult and she had her parents to thank for that. But it didn't mean that when the chips were down she wouldn't absolutely accept a man like Steele protecting and caring for her.

"Some broth in a cup followed by a cup of hot tea sounds heavenly," she said. "If you have some crackers perhaps I could nibble on a few of those and see how my stomach fares."

His palm slid over her belly and cupped it possessively. "Have you been sick much? I know you've had less than ideal circumstances at the start of your pregnancy and I know you were stressed beyond belief. Has it been worse for you because of that? Admittedly, I know zero about pregnant women. Can't say I've ever had the need or desire to be around them much."

She smiled and then grimaced ruefully. "It's funny because up until the day I looked at the results and confirmed my pregnancy, I hadn't actually been sick. A little queasy, yes. But the minute I saw the results? I puked in the trash can in my office. And then after when I was kidnapped and held by Tristan, yeah, I was sick often. It was pretty bad because half the time I was too scared to eat anything for fear that he'd drug me. I know it sounds crazy, but I honest-to-God didn't know just how far he'd go. He was so cool and detached. I didn't think he'd suffer one ounce of guilt for ridding himself of something he considered a problem."

Steele's lips thinned and a fierce light blazed in his eyes.

"The other half of the time when I actually wanted to eat or felt I needed to, everything he served was rich. Very highbrow. His tastes were expensive and most of it nauseated me so much that I couldn't get past the smell to taste it. Had no desire to.

"Armand, or rather Hancock, was nice to me. He got me things. Like vitamins and chocolate. He even got me a baby book. And glasses to replace the ones I lost."

Steele's scowl deepened at the mention of Hancock.

"Who is he, Steele?" she asked quietly. "I knew him as Armand, but I overheard him speaking to Tristan before we ever left Costa Rica. He warned Tristan of my connection to KGI. He didn't name them, but it was evident to me who he was talking about. And then later, he got me out of Kosovo and to Rio and ultimately you. But I was there when we met Rio and it wasn't a friendly meeting at all. They didn't even act as though they liked each other and yet Hancock helped me."

"Hancock is the bastard who damn near got Grace killed when he took her from us. He was also responsible for one of my team members getting shot when he made his move on Grace. He works for an organization that doesn't exist, officially or unofficially."

Maren shivered. "That doesn't sound good."

"It's not," Steele said grimly. "They're a rogue organization. Have no f**king clue who signs their checks or if the same person does on a regular basis. They have their fingers in a lot of different pies. Supposedly he's undercover in Caldwell's camp and will eventually take him down. Have no idea why he's waiting. Best guess is Caldwell hasn't led him to what he's looking for yet. Or maybe Caldwell is simply a stepping-stone to someone bigger."

"Why would he let me go like that? It seems strange that he'd risk his mission. I have no idea what Tristan did when he learned that I'd disappeared. Don't really care. But Hancock took a huge risk in doing what he did. And I know you don't like him. That's evident by your expression. But he was nice to me. He scared me to death, but he swore he wouldn't let Tristan hurt me or my baby."

"If that's true, then I'm grateful he was there," Steele said, though it seemed he choked on the words.

Maren lifted her gaze to meet Steele's squarely, and she put it out there, her biggest fear.

"Do you think he'll come after me?" she asked softly.

Steele squeezed her hand and then lifted it to kiss her knuckles. Then he wrapped his fingers around hers and held her hand in her lap.

"I won't lie and say there's no possibility. The truth is I don't know, but I'm certainly not discounting the possibility. I'm assuming he's a very real danger to you and our child, and I'm going to act accordingly. But I don't want you to worry, Maren. You don't have only me. You have all of KGI. You have my team. They'll go to the wall for you, absolutely, and once I tell them what you are to me, then you'll have the same loyalty that extends to me."

Her pulse accelerated as she took in his words. "What are you going to tell them?"

"That you're pregnant with my child and that there is no way in hell I'll ever let that son of a bitch touch you again."

"Oh."

She swallowed and felt her hand start to shake in his grasp.

"I'm not sorry you're pregnant, Maren, and I won't pretend that I am or that I'm trying to hide the fact that I'm going to become a father. It's something to celebrate, and that's exactly what we're going to do."

She smiled and squeezed his hand. "I swear I don't know what to do with you, Steele. You are forever keeping me off balance. Just about the time I think I have you figured out, you do something that completely changes everything."

"Good," he said in a smug tone. "I'd hate to think I was becoming predictable."

"I like you a lot, you know," she said in a serious tone.

His expression grew serious as well and his voice lowered to match hers.

"I like you a hell of a lot too, Maren. I more than like you."

She forgot to breathe and then it all came out in a rush when she realized she'd been holding her breath. And then she cocked her head, a completely random realization creeping into her mind.

"Do you know I don't even know your name? Obviously 'Steele' is your last name and everyone calls you that, but what's your first name? You told me your brother's name but never said what yours is."

Steele looked startled and then smiled ruefully. "I've been called 'Steele' for so long that I forget I have a first name. I don't even think about it because when I do, it doesn't sound like me. It sounds like someone else."

She nodded but looked expectantly at him, waiting for him to share.

"It's Jackson," he said on a long breath. "Jackson Steele. Sounds funny, doesn't it?"

She smiled. "Not at all. I like it. Very manly name. But I think I'll still call you Steele."

"Thank fuck," he muttered. "If you started calling me Jackson, or God forbid, Jack, I wouldn't even realize who you were talking to."

She laughed and leaned in to kiss him, reveling in the intimacy created between the two of them. He kissed her back but then leaned back, adopting a stern expression.

"Now, we've talked long enough. You have to be starving. Are you ready to try out some soup and tea? I'll see if I have any crackers that aren't stale, but I can't guarantee anything. Tomorrow, I have to go check in with Sam and I'll make a grocery run and we'll also get you some clothes while we're at it. We need to get you new glasses too. Whatever you need, you're going to have."

Her heart softened at the sincerity in his voice. And that he'd pay attention to such small details like her not having her glasses.

"I'm going with you then?"

He lifted one eyebrow, his expression clearly that he'd thought she'd lost her mind.

"Where I go, you go, Maren. That's a fact. Until I'm sure you can defend yourself-and I plan to teach you quite a bit in the next while-you don't go anywhere without me, and I sure as hell don't go anywhere without you."

"Well, then, I guess I'm glad you like me," she said cheekily. "It would suck if you didn't, since we'll be spending so much time together."

He chuckled and then lifted her off his lap, setting her on the couch beside him.

"Get comfortable and kick back. I'll get you something to sip on and when you're done, we'll turn in early. Tomorrow is going to be a busy day and I don't want you overdoing it."

"Yes, Dr. Steele."

"Smart-ass," he muttered.

CHAPTER 29

WHEN Maren awoke the next morning, Steele was already out of bed. When she blearily checked the clock on the nightstand, she was shocked to see it was already ten. She'd slept fourteen hours!

She didn't even really remember going to bed. She'd sipped her soup and then savored a cup of hot tea, grateful that it had all remained down. Then she and Steele had sat on the couch and watched a movie. The next thing she knew he was carrying her to bed because she'd fallen asleep on the couch. He put her under the covers and then crawled in next to her. Bam. It was already the next morning.

So much for really hot monkey sex.

She yawned and stretched, extending her feet all the way to the end of the bed, and curled her toes against the soft sheets. Steele had really great bed linens. Nothing like the cheap ones on her bed in Costa Rica.

Thinking of her house and her clinic put a halt to the dreamlike quality of the morning. She'd worked hard to build her practice there. It was never a job that was going to make her wealthy, or even financially well off. But it had been rewarding. The locals all liked and trusted her. And now they were without a physician and the nearest hospital was two hours away.

She'd have to place a few calls to see if another physician could take over her clinic and her home. For that matter, she needed to retrieve her things from there. She had stuff she didn't want to lose. Personal items and mementos. And in her clinic alone was thousands of dollars of medical equipment and supplies.

Just thinking about it all stressed her. She closed her eyes and rubbed her head, determined not to let it get to her. Her focus had to be herself and her child.

The bed dipped and her eyes flew open to see Steele hovering over her, his expression one of concern.

"Are you all right?" he demanded. "Are you sick again?"

She shook her head. "No, I'm good. I was just thinking about my house and the clinic. I was getting worked up over it and was trying not to let myself get stressed about it."

"What about it?" Steele asked in a quieter tone. He'd obviously been concerned when he'd seen her in bed. His eyes had been bright with worry and now the lines eased around his eyes and his entire expression softened.

"I want my things," she said. "Everything I owned was in that house. I don't have a lot. I mean what I have isn't worth a lot of money. But my stuff is important to me and I'd hate to lose it."

"I understand," he said. "I'll see what I can do. Maybe Rio could arrange to have your house packed and everything delivered here."

She rose up and flung her arms around his neck, toppling him over on the bed in the process. She landed atop him with a bounce and then she kissed him.

"Thank you," she said. "Have I told you how wonderful you are lately?"

He grinned up at her, and she marveled, as she had so many other times, just how heart-stoppingly gorgeous he was when he smiled.

"Maybe you have, but feel free to say it as often as you like."

"You're wonderful," she said softly.

He lifted his head just as he curled one hand around her nape and dragged her down to meet his mouth. They kissed for several long seconds until her chest burned with the need for air. She dragged herself away, inhaling deeply to catch up.

"I came in to tell you breakfast is ready and that you need to get a move on if we're going to get everything done today that needs to be done," Steele said as he stroked her face with one hand.

"You sound like a total slave driver," she groaned.

"Bet your ass. I run a tight ship around here."

"Oh God, save me. Have I told you how disorganized I am? And that I'm absentminded? Oh, and I'm a complete klutz too. Just so you know. I'm pretty much a walking disaster, which should drive someone as anal as you are absolutely insane."

His eyebrows rose. "Anal?"

"Um, yeah. Anal. You're one of those OCD people who freak out if everything isn't a certain way. You're a control freak too. And I'd bet my last dollar you're also a clean freak and that you have everything in your house organized. I also bet you never forget anything and that your mind is like a steel trap. Stupid pun intended."

To her amusement, color rose in his cheeks.

"Busted!" she crowed. "That look says everything."

"Just because I like to lead an orderly existence doesn't mean that I have some compulsive disorder."

"Whatever you say," she said innocently.

"Besides, if you're all the things you say you are, such as absentminded, klutzy and disorganized? You need me just to even all that out."

She grinned and leaned down to kiss him again. "Not going to argue that you balance me out quite nicely. But what do I do for you then? I doubt you have the desire to add forgetfulness, disorganization and clumsiness to your well-ordered existence."

"There's no doubt you balance me, Maren," he said, his voice suddenly very serious. "I have fun when I'm with you and I can't remember the last time I actually had fun with another person. You make me laugh. You give that to me. That makes you very special and what you offer me very precious."

"Well, damn," she murmured. "I don't even know what to say to that."

"Guess we'll add speechlessness to your list of faults," he said.

She smacked his chest and then rolled off the bed. "Guess I'll wear the same stuff I had on last night."

"I put out a clean pair of sweats and a new shirt for you in the bathroom," he said. "After breakfast we'll go shopping for some clothes for you before we run the rest of our errands."

"Errands?"

"Yeah. We're going to buy you clothes and then we're heading out to the KGI compound. On the way back, we'll stop off and get groceries so nothing goes bad. Think you're up to something so domestic as grocery shopping? You'll need to get all your feminine stuff too, like shampoo, toothbrush and whatever else it is women must have to survive. And do you need to see an eye doctor to get new glasses? Are they prescription? Or can we just pick up something at the pharmacy? I know they won't be ideal, but maybe it would work until we can get you something better."

"They are prescription," she said. "But it can wait. Really. I'm not working right now, and that's when I needed them the most."

"I like them on you," he said gruffly. "And I don't want to think about you going without the things you need, even for a minute."

She smiled and then her brow furrowed as a much more pressing concern pushed its way to the forefront.

"Steele, do you think you could check into a local obstetrician? I haven't had the first checkup since finding out I'm pregnant. I'm sure everything is okay, but I'd sure like to have the peace of mind of having a doctor oversee the care of this baby."

His gaze softened. "Already ahead of you. I talked to Sam this morning to get the names of the doctors that Sophie and Rachel saw."

Her mouth rounded into an O. "You told him I'm pregnant?"

He sent her a puzzled look. "Well, yeah. They'll all find out later today when I tell them."

Her cheeks warmed and she warred with pleasure and self-consciousness. On one hand, it gave her a giddy thrill that Steele was so openly embracing fatherhood, but on the other hand, she dreaded the looks and stares from the others. They'd have a hard enough time picturing the badass team leader as a daddy, but then they'd look at her and wonder how the hell the two of them ever hooked up to begin with.

"Um, how did he react to that piece of news?" she asked.

Steele shrugged. "He gave me the names of obstetricians and said there is a clinic in Murray, Kentucky, that both women have used. I didn't tell him it was my baby, just that you're pregnant. They'll all find that out soon enough."

She groaned and closed her eyes. "Oh God, Steele. He'll probably draw the same conclusion that you initially did and think Caldwell forced himself on me and got me pregnant."

Steele scowled. "It was a logical assumption at the time. And if that's what he thinks, he won't say anything. Sam's not one to throw around personal information. I trust him more than I trust just about anyone else."

She studied him thoughtfully. "I bet you don't trust many people at all, do you?"

His brow furrowed. "You say that like it's a bad thing."

"Not saying it's good or bad. Just an assessment."

"I trust my team, otherwise I wouldn't have them under my command. I trust Sam, Garrett and Donovan, otherwise I wouldn't work for them. I trust Rio and his team as well. I may not always like working with them, but I know they have my back and they know I have theirs."

She cocked her head to the side. "I've witnessed you and Rio at odds on several occasions. Why don't you like each other?"

"I wouldn't say we're at odds. We're just competitive. He thinks his team is the best. I know my team is the best. I don't like or dislike him. I don't feel strongly about him one way or another. He's someone I have to work with and so a certain amount of civility is called for. Anything beyond that isn't needed for the job to get done."

She laughed and shook her head. "That is so something a guy would say."

"In case it escaped your notice, I'm a guy."

She slipped her hand between them and cupped his groin, giving it a light squeeze. His c*ck hardened immediately against her fingers.

"Oh, I think I've noticed," she said.

"You've got about two seconds to move your hand or you're going to be on your back with me inside you in five."

She kissed him, giving him one more light squeeze. "That's hardly a deterrent," she murmured.

Then she pushed off him and scooted off the bed, leaving him staring after her.

As she dressed, she felt him watching and when she looked back, he was regarding her lazily, a thoughtful gleam in his eyes.

"Do I even want to know what you're thinking?" she asked.

"I like that you don't play games," he said bluntly.

Her eyebrows went up. "What does that mean exactly?"

"You say it straight. You aren't afraid to admit things even if you're unsure of the reaction or if what you want is reciprocated. I like that you don't play coy and that you seem to be as into me as I'm into you. There's no guessing with you and I like that. It's pretty damn refreshing."

"You're 'into' me?" she breathed. "I know you like me. I know you're attracted to me. But for some reason, the way you said that just made it sound so much more serious. I like it. The way you said it. I'm going to savor those words for a while."

He pushed up to his elbow, his gaze heated as it roamed up and down her body. "Yeah, I'm into you, Maren. I'm in deep and I don't see any way out for a very long time. I hope to hell you're in this with me because if not, things are going to get way messy."

"If I was any more into you, I'd never find my way out," she whispered.

"That's not a bad thing from my point of view. I wouldn't care if you got lost. As long as you were lost with me."

"I've never had a conversation with a guy like this," she said ruefully. "It kind of freaks me out in an oh-my-God way. A good way. I just don't want to screw it up, Steele. I'm still figuring out my feelings for you, but I've been attracted to you for a very long time."

She broke off and stared back at him, scared shitless to say the thing uppermost on her mind. But he liked that she was open. She just hoped she wasn't being too open.

"I could so see myself falling in love with you," she whispered. "But you need to tell me, Steele. Tell me if that's not something I should let happen. I'm making myself vulnerable to you and you swore to protect me. I know that means physically, but I've exposed something to you I've never exposed to anyone else. My heart. And you have to swear to protect that too."

He pushed off the bed and walked toward her, his eyes glinting with determination, the blue fierce around the black of his pupils. He palmed her face in his hands, holding her firmly in place as his lips descended to take possession of hers.

"Let me make this really damn easy for you, Maren. What I'm about to tell you I've never told-never felt-for another human being except my parents. I'm giving you something I've never given another person outside my family. If that doesn't make me vulnerable to you, then I don't know what does."

"What?" she whispered.

"I'm pretty damn sure I'm already in love with you."

Her eyes widened until she had to blink against the discomfort. "Really?"

"Yeah, really. I've never been in love before. I don't know what it feels like. But if it feels like I've been gutted and ripped in two because you're missing and I have no idea where the hell you are and if you're hurt or afraid, then yeah, I'd say I'm in love with you. Or if it feels like I don't ever want to be away from you, even for a few minutes, and that I want to spend every day of my life making sure you have everything you've ever wanted. Or maybe love is feeling like I've been handed the most precious gift anyone has ever given me because you're here in my arms and you're pregnant with my child."

Tears made her vision completely blurry and she hastily wiped at her eyes, colliding with Steele's hands, which were still firmly cupping her cheeks.

"Oh God, Steele, I think I love you too."

He pulled her into his arms, crushing her against him. "Thank f**k I'm not the only one drowning here."

"What do we do now?" she whispered.

He laughed against her, his chest rumbling with the effort. "Well, right now we're going to go eat breakfast and afterward I'm taking you shopping for some clothes. And if that doesn't say I love you, I don't know what does. I don't go shopping for anyone."

CHAPTER 30

AFTER shopping for maternity clothes-Maren knew she wouldn't be in normal sizes for much longer-Steele stuffed her purchases into the back of his SUV and they drove toward the Kelly compound.

It had been a while since Maren had last visited KGI on their home turf. Not since she'd traveled here to care for Nathan's wife, Shea, when she'd undergone so much trauma.

She was impressed by the progress. Construction was nearing completion. All that was left was to finish the airstrip and then they would no longer have to use the Henry County airfield where the Kelly jets were currently hangared.

"Are all the houses completed?" she asked as they drove through what now resembled a miniature army base.

"There's a spot for Marlene and Frank to build their house, but so far Marlene has managed to stall and she and Frank are remaining where they are. Sam doesn't like it, but there's not much he can do short of bodily moving them."

"What about Donovan and Joe?"

"Still living in Sam's old house on the lake. Donovan has actually broken ground on his house, but he's taking his time and it's been slow going. I don't think he's in a hurry. And Joe hasn't even started. He's pretty happy where he is."

"Bet they'll change their minds when they meet the right woman," she murmured.

"A few months ago I would have disagreed," he said ruefully. "Now, not so much."

She smiled at him. He was cute in his befuddlement. But she had to hand it to him. He was taking their relationship-or whatever the hell it was they had-very well. He hadn't seemed to fight it at all, though she had no idea what had gone on in his mind, especially when she'd been missing for so many weeks.

Maybe in that time he'd come to terms with his feelings for her. It had definitely solidified things in her mind. But then she'd already fallen hard and fast from the very first night they'd spent together.

"I'd love to see Rachel and the babies while I'm here," she said. "Do you think she and Ethan would mind if I stopped by?"

"I don't think they'd mind at all. We've all been worried sick about you, Maren. Everyone is going to be very relieved, and happy, to see you. You're important to us all."

Her cheeks warmed at the glowing compliment. It was nice to be regarded so highly. She counted them as friends-good friends-and it was nice to hear that they counted her the same.

They drove past the war room, where most of the planning and intelligence meetings took place. She perked up, curious because she'd imagined they'd go there, but now that they'd passed it, she was relieved. She wasn't up for a sterile, intimidating meeting where she gave an accounting.

She relaxed when they pulled up to Sam's sprawling house. There were no other vehicles besides Sam's and Sophie's. It looked to be a quiet meeting, whatever it turned out to be.

Steele reached over and squeezed her hand. "There's something I want you to know so you aren't unprepared and also so you know it's not too late to back out. Everyone has arranged a little surprise party for you. They're all thrilled and relieved to have you back and safe. I didn't want to blindside you with this, so that's why I'm ruining the surprise, so to speak. Sam told me about it this morning when I talked to him. He didn't want me to tell you, but I don't want to overwhelm you. So are you going to be okay with this? Because if you'd rather not deal with this today, I'll absolutely turn around and I'll let Sam know we can do it another time."

She smiled, warmth traveling through her chest at the idea that everyone was so relieved she was safe and that they wanted to welcome her back. She squeezed his hand back. "That sounds really perfect, and I appreciate the heads-up so I don't make an ass out of myself."

"So you want to do it?"

"Yeah, let's do it. I can't wait to see everyone."

Steele got out and waited at the front of the vehicle for her to meet him, and then he fell into step beside her, wrapping an arm loosely around her waist as he guided her toward the back of the house.

When the deck came into sight, Maren's throat tightened. The entire Kelly clan was there and so were the KGI teams. All three of them!

A round of applause broke out and cheers erupted into the air. Charlotte was holding a fistful of balloon strings and she let them go, shrieking with delight as the balloons lifted and sailed away.

Maren stood stock-still, her mouth still open as Steele turned to her and grinned.

"Surprise," he said in a low voice. "I told you that you're very important to us, Maren."

Tears filled her eyes and Steele immediately looked panicked.

"Don't cry," he said. "Whatever you do, don't cry."

She whipped her head back toward the steps of the deck, where the Kellys were now pouring down, and hastily wiped at her eyes so Steele wouldn't melt down. Then she laughed. It bubbled up from inside her, and God, did it feel good to let go.

Sam was the first to arrive and he crushed her into a monstrous hug. She closed her eyes and absorbed the hug. She and Sam had been friends a long time. Of all the Kellys, she was closest to him. He called her often just to chat. Sometimes to ask for medical advice or general advice on matters bothering him. Theirs was an easy friendship. One she was very grateful for.

"I'm so glad you're safe," Sam muttered. "I was worried sick, Maren. Thank God you're here where we can watch out for you."

"I owe you and everyone in KGI a huge thank-you," she said, as she pulled away from his hug. "You all did so much for me. Without you, I wouldn't be here now."

Sam took her hand and tugged her away from Steele and toward the steps. "Come on. Everyone's dying to see you."

She glanced back at Steele, who looked none too happy that Sam had spirited her away. She smiled and shrugged before turning back so she could see where she was going.

"Aunt Maren!" Charlotte yelled as soon as Sam and Maren hit the top of the steps.

"There's my Cece!" Maren exclaimed as she swept her into her arms.

Then she groaned and clutched the wiggling toddler-well, she wasn't really a toddler anymore-because her knees nearly buckled under the weight.

"Whoa there," Steele murmured beside her. He swept in and plucked Charlotte from Maren's arms and then settled her on his hip so she was still right beside Maren and within reaching distance. "You shouldn't be lifting something so heavy."

Maren leaned in to kiss Charlotte's sweet baby cheeks and then tickled her stomach, listening to the giggles that erupted.

"Maren, we're so happy you're home," Sophie said.

Maren hugged Sam's wife. "I'm very happy to be here too. I can't believe how big Charlotte is getting. It breaks my heart!"

And then Maren caught sight of Rachel Kelly, sitting on the other side of the huge deck, Ethan at her side, each holding a baby.

"Oh gosh, excuse me, Sophie." Then she caught sight of everyone crowded around her, all waiting to offer their hugs and relief at her being safe. "Sorry, guys, give me just a minute please. I want to go see the twins."

Laughter rang out all around.

"They do have a way of stealing the show," Garrett said ruefully. "Ethan contributes greatly to that by swearing he has the most clever children to ever grace planet earth."

"I'm sure the Kelly genes have nothing to do with that," Maren said with a grin.

She pushed through the crowd, smiling at so many familiar, warm faces. It gave her heart a squeeze and left a comfortable glow in her chest. These people cared about her. Really cared. They were a second family to her, as beloved as her own parents and brother.

As soon as she neared Ethan and Rachel, Rachel passed the baby she was holding to Rusty, who was sitting on Rachel's other side, and then she rapidly stood and enfolded Maren in a fierce hug.

"I'm so glad you're back," Rachel said. "We were all so worried. I was worried, Maren. You scared me to death."

"You look so beautiful," Maren said. "Motherhood agrees with you, Rachel. Introduce me to your babies? Both boys, from what I've heard."

Rachel beamed and then Ethan stood, still holding one of his sons. He wrapped one arm around Maren, hugging her to his side while still cradling the baby in his other.

"You look good with a baby in your arms, Ethan."

Ethan smiled, and it warmed his entire face. Happiness and deep contentment shone in his eyes, and there was so much love in his gaze as he looked between his children and his wife that emotion knotted in Maren's throat.

Rusty stood so that Maren was flanked by babies, and Rachel smiled proudly as she pulled the blanket away from their faces so Maren could see.

"This little guy Rusty is holding is Ian. And the one Ethan is holding is Mason."

"Can I ... can I hold one?" Maren whispered.

Rusty promptly handed over Ian, and Maren nestled the baby just right in her arms and then pulled the blanket under his chin so she could see his features.

Tears filled her eyes. This would be her soon. Holding her own child. Hers and Steele's. She lifted her head, automatically searching him out in the crowd. His gaze was locked onto her, and it was clear that the image of her holding a baby had affected him just as profoundly.

If she'd doubted his earlier declaration of love, there wasn't a single doubt now. His love was there for the entire world to see. No one could possibly look at him, at how he was looking at her, and believe for a minute that Steele's heart wasn't involved.

It was a look she'd never seen on his face. It was a window right into his soul, an opening he never gave anyone. And he didn't look like he cared who saw it.

She glanced down at the baby and then back up at Steele, hoping he got the silent message.

He smiled at her, his entire face softening. He'd understood perfectly. He knew that she was telling him that soon this would be their child she held. She committed that smile and the love in his eyes to memory, never wanting to forget this moment.

"They're so beautiful, Rachel. I can hardly wait to hold my own baby."

Rachel squeezed Maren's hand and then wrapped an arm around her waist as they both peered down at the baby she held.

"Any plans to have a child, or are you talking a long way into the future?"

Heat crept into Maren's cheeks, but she refused to be anything but truthful. She didn't regret for a moment that she was pregnant or that she was having Steele's baby. And since Steele planned to tell everyone anyway, it wasn't as if Rachel wouldn't know soon enough.

"How's about five months sound?" Maren asked.

Rachel's and Rusty's mouths popped open. Ethan blinked as if he'd misheard.

"Really?" Rachel squeaked. And then, as if realizing the possibilities, Rachel's gaze grew worried and anxious. "Oh God, Maren. Is this a good thing? It wasn't ... I mean, he didn't ..." She broke off, sorrow creeping into her eyes.

Maren handed the baby back to Rusty and then took both of Rachel's hands in hers. "It's a very good thing. You're all about to hear our news anyway."

"I'd say now is as good a time as any," Steele said.

Maren whirled around, letting one of Rachel's hands drop, to see Steele standing right behind her. His hand went to her nape, his fingers wrapping around it while his thumb caressed the spot right behind her ear.

"Everyone already wants to hug you and tell you how glad they are you're back. We may as well tell everyone the good news so they don't have to hug you all over again."

His tone was dry, and it amused her that he sounded so uncomfortable with all the hugging and emotion being flung around. She slipped to his side, accepting the warmth of his hold when he dropped his arms over her shoulders.

"I'm ready when you are," she whispered.

"You sure?" Steele asked. "I don't mind who knows. I'd tell the world. But I want to make sure you're comfortable with this."

"As long as you're right here beside me, I can take on anything, Steele."

"Bet your ass," he murmured, right before he leaned down and kissed her right in front of everyone.

When Maren pulled away, she felt a little goofy and she was sure she was wearing an even goofier smile.

Rusty had a total deer-in-the-headlights look. Rachel's mouth was gaping open and Ethan just looked confused. He stared at Steele as though aliens had invaded his body. She had to admit, it had taken her quite some time to adjust-and she was still adjusting-to the differences in Steele's demeanor when he was around her.

As her gaze swept the rest of the crowd, she saw similar reactions there. Everything from amusement to disbelief. Grace and Rio were both present and Grace looked smug. She had a knowing smile, and then she turned to Rio with her palm upward in a clear "pay up" gesture.

She didn't even want to know what that was all about.

She tucked her hand into Steele's and let him lead her back to the spot where Sam stood against the house. Steele turned to face the others, his hand still securely around Maren's.

He didn't have to ask for attention. Everyone had gone dead silent the moment he'd kissed her. And now all eyes were on them as they waited for what Steele had to say.

"Maren is pregnant and she'll be having our child in about five months time."

Never one to mince words, that much was certain.

Maren braced herself for the reaction. It was actually quite comical. No one was staring at her in the least. Every eye was on Steele, and the expressions were priceless. She wished she had a camera to record the reactions.

Then the silence was broken as everyone began talking at once. Beside them, Sam looked stupefied. It was obvious he wanted to say something to Steele, whether it was to congratulate him or something else, but his eyes were blank and his lips stayed parted as he stared at both Maren and Steele.

And then Steele's team pushed to the front and surrounded her and Steele. P.J. was the first to hug Maren. The rest of the team fist-bumped with Steele and made several cracks about Daddy Steele and raising little kick-ass ninjas. P.J. offered sniper lessons while Baker and Renshaw argued over who best would teach the baby about explosives.

"Not trying to be rude, Baker, but um, I'm thinking you aren't the best instructor for anything having to do with explosives," Maren said dubiously.

The team cracked up and immediately started giving Baker shit about getting too close to the explosives.

"This is going to change things," Cole said, drawing his words out. He'd said it in a quieter tone so it didn't carry to the others, but his team heard and acknowledged it with grim nods of their heads.

"It does change things," Steele said. "I'm not going to discuss it right here and now, though. I'd like to have you all out to the house tomorrow where we can talk without thirty other people present."

They all acknowledged his declaration with a nod and then moved back so the others could swarm in with their well-wishes.

Maren hadn't yet met the two newest members of KGI, and she was delighted that P.J. was no longer the only female member of the organization.

Skylar was more bubbly and outgoing than P.J., and she had an infectious smile that immediately put people at ease. Edge was her polar opposite. Big-like whoa big-and stony looking. Quiet and definitely reserved. He wasn't bad looking at all. If you went for the strong, silent type, then this guy would be right up your alley.

He was dark. Dark eyes, dark hair, dark expression. Very somber. While Skylar was a lot lighter. Blond-haired, blue-eyed with paler skin that looked only barely kissed by the sun. And she had a lot of blond hair. It looked to be naturally curly but not too kinky. It fell in soft waves and layers over her shoulders and down her back.

The two introduced themselves and informed Maren that they'd heard a lot about her. She was immediately at ease with Skylar but wasn't sure about Edge until he very gently took her hand and then leaned in to kiss one cheek and then the other in greeting. For some reason, the gesture moved her and emotion knotted her throat.

Rio and Grace were the last to offer their congratulations and hugs, and by the time they made it to where Maren and Steele stood, she was sagging from standing so long and smiling and talking to people.

"Thanks again for facilitating my return to civilization, Rio," Maren said after he and Grace had given her hugs.

Rio smiled, his arm looped around Grace's waist. "You're welcome, Doc. Anytime. You've saved our asses enough times."

"Maren, you haven't met Elizabeth yet." Grace turned and motioned to the girl who was now sitting next to Rusty, staring down and smiling at one of the babies. "Elizabeth, I want you to meet Dr. Scofield, honey. Come see."

"I've heard so much about her," Maren said softly. "I hope she's doing okay now."

Rio's gaze followed his adopted daughter all the way over, and Maren could see the fierce protective light in his eyes as well as the warmth and love for both his daughter and his wife.

Soon this would all be hers too. She'd watched Sam and Sophie with Charlotte. Now Ethan and Rachel with the babies. And finally Rio and Grace with Elizabeth. It was beautiful to see the love that shone like a beacon in their every look and touch. She craved the same.

Her hand went to her belly and then Steele's hand crept over hers, giving it a little squeeze as if to tell her he understood the direction of her thoughts.

"She's doing wonderfully," Grace said, a note of pride in her voice. "She's had some bad days, don't get me wrong. But Rio and I love her and she loves us. Honey, this is Dr. Scofield, a very good friend of ours."

Elizabeth smiled shyly at Maren and extended her hand. Maren took it, smiling back at the girl.

"I'm very happy to meet you, Elizabeth."

"Thank you. I'm pleased to meet you too."

"Congratulations, man," Rio said in a sincere voice. "Maren is a terrific woman. You're lucky to have her."

Maren's face immediately flamed at the assumption Rio had made. He acted as though Maren and Steele were a slam-dunk. A thing. An item. Practically married.

She sneaked a peek up at Steele to gauge his reaction, but all he did was tighten his grasp around her waist, anchoring her more firmly underneath his shoulder, and then he said, "I am very lucky. I was afraid I'd never get her back. You can be certain I'm not letting her out of my sight again."

She had no doubt he did it for her. He didn't at all look comfortable with saying what he'd said. But he also sounded sincere. Uncomfortable but sincere. Her heart melted a little more over the idea that he gave her what he thought she needed when he'd rather cut out his tongue than talk about anything remotely personal in front of others.

Sophie leaned in, putting her hand on Maren's arm. "We women are going to steal Maren for a bit, Steele. I'll have her back before we eat."

Steele reluctantly lowered his arm, freeing her from his hold. He let his hand slide down her arm until it got to her hand. He caught it and squeezed a moment before letting her completely loose.

She sent him a smile she hoped contained all the love that she'd witnessed in his gaze earlier. And judging by the way he looked at her now, she must have been successful.

CHAPTER 31

"WHAT'S between you and Maren?" Sam asked bluntly.

Steele turned toward Sam's voice, his brows furrowed at the forcefulness of Sam's question. Then he gazed around to see if others were close enough to hear. He and Sam were off the deck, down the steps and on the lesser patio that was between the dock and the main deck, where the others were still eating and talking.

"I think it's obvious what's between us," Steele said in a dry voice.

Sam pursed his lips and glanced up to where Maren was surrounded by the Kelly women, laughing and having a good time.

"Maren is a very good friend of mine. I cherish her friendship a lot. She's one of the dearest friends I have. It goes way beyond a professional relationship. She's like a sister to me without all the pesky qualities of a real sister."

The corner of Steele's mouth quirked up. "You warning me off your 'sister'?"

Sam shook his head. "No, but I don't want her hurt either. She's a good woman, Steele. The best. She's helped a lot of people."

"What exactly is it you think I'm going to do to her?" Steele asked in exasperation.

He didn't want to be having this conversation. Period. Maren was his business. His relationship with Maren was his business. Their child was definitely his business. And none of those were anyone else's concern but his. He didn't give a damn what Sam considered her. She was his. Whatever Sam had felt like doing for her in the past, he could just drop it now, because Steele was taking over.

"Look, you're a hard-ass. Everyone knows that. You know what the others call you. While I don't agree that you're some emotionless machine, you're a nightmare to most women because you're so tight-lipped all the time and women like men to talk to them."

Steele nearly laughed at the visible shudder that rolled over Sam's shoulders.

"Maren is ... special. I just hope you realize what you've got, Steele. And if you haven't figured it out yet, make sure you do before it's too late. Take it from someone who damn near waited too long."

Steele glanced up the walkway to see Garrett and Donovan approaching. He hadn't planned to get into this with them today, but the opportunity had presented itself and it would save him a trip back over.

As soon as Garrett and Donovan got close enough, Steele took a step back so they could take part in the conversation.

"I'm off the books for a while," Steele said.

Sam didn't react. He didn't seem surprised. "Okay. How long are we talking about here?"

There was caution in his tone, and maybe he worried that Steele would go completely off his rails and walk away now that he had Maren and a child on the way.

"I can't answer that," Steele said honestly. "My first priority has to be Maren's and my child's safety."

Garrett nodded. "I get that."

Donovan nodded too.

"Not fair to my team to take the downtime with me," Steele said. "They need the action. The longer we're down, the rustier and more complacent we get. Plus they don't get paid when we're not in action."

Sam lifted an eyebrow in surprise. "You telling us to take your team? That's not something I ever expected from you."

Steele ran a hand through his hair. "Look. For a long time my team has been my life. KGI has been my life. They've gotten a hundred and ten percent of my loyalty. Maren gets that from me now. She deserves it. Our child deserves it. Not saying I won't be back. But we have a lot to work out. And that's why I want to talk to you all. First, I need to be out of action for a while. I don't trust Caldwell not to make a grab for her."

"I hear you," Garrett muttered.

"Second thing is, we have a hell of a lot to figure out. Maren had a practice in Costa Rica. No way in hell I want her going back there or anywhere for a long damn time. But that's not fair to her. I can't make that decision for her, no matter how much I'd like to."

"Smart man," Sam said, amusement sparking in his eyes.

"I'd like to get her something here so she can stay with me and I can keep an eye on her and our child. KGI could use a doctor, no doubt. But she could also open a practice in this area, at least until our child is old enough for it to be a consideration to go back into the field if that's what will make Maren happy."

Donovan cupped his chin and rubbed thoughtfully. "It's not a bad idea. Doc Campbell has been making noises about retiring. I think he would have done it already if he had a replacement lined up. Maren is a hands-on doctor and Doc Campbell still makes house calls, which is unheard of in this day and age. He'd want someone like him because it worries him what his patients will do when he retires. He'd like Maren a lot and she'd be perfect to replace him."

Excitement simmered in Steele's mind. He didn't want to seem too eager, but he'd do damn near anything to make Maren happy here. With him. Not thousands of miles away.

He never wanted to hold her back, but he was scared shitless over the idea of her being someplace like where she'd been, alone and defenseless. Their child just as vulnerable. Not that she'd be alone. Because if she did insist on going off, he'd damn well pack up and go with her. But it wasn't his first choice. Not yet.

There'd be plenty of time down the road for them to go wherever the hell she wanted. He didn't have roots in any one place. He'd made Tennessee his home out of necessity, not because he had ties here.

"It's worth it to see if she'd think about it," Steele said. "I'll bring it up when I get a chance."

Then he glanced at Sam. "You okay with me taking leave? I can't even tell you how long. Definitely until the baby is born. Maybe longer if Caldwell is still a threat. If you can't hold my job that long, I understand."

Sam held up his hand, his brows drawn together and his lips flat with annoyance. "Your job will be here when you get back. For now, Donovan can take over your team. He's worked with them more than Garrett or I, so he'd be the logical choice to assume the team leadership role. Van? You got a problem with that?"

"Guess not, since you just volunteered me," Donovan said dryly.

"They won't like it," Garrett interjected. "They aren't used to following anyone's orders except yours."

"They'll understand," Steele said. "They'll do it for me."

Sam nodded. "You going to tell them?"

"Tomorrow. I invited them to my place. After that, they're yours, Van."

"Okay. I'll give them a shout-out and do a meet-up here at the compound in a few days. They need the time off for now."

"Yeah, they do," Steele said. "We all do."

"The baby," Sam began. Then he broke off and said, "I shouldn't ask. It's none of my business. I just ..."

"It's mine," Steele said in a low voice, correctly guessing where Sam was going with his question.

Garrett and Donovan both looked relieved.

"We thought maybe you stepped up to save Maren from going through everyone knowing Caldwell abused her and got her pregnant," Donovan said.

"The baby is mine. She was pregnant before Caldwell kidnapped her."

Sam wasn't able to hide his surprise at that revelation, but Garrett and Donovan didn't react.

"Congratulations then," Sam finally said, a glimmer of amusement in his eyes. "I guess we'll get to give you shit for the next while. I figured you'd be the last to fall of any of us. And here Van is going to outlast us all."

"Footloose and fancy free," Donovan said smugly. "The rest of you are p**sy whipped."

"And proud of it," Garrett cut in before Donovan could continue.

"Besides, you all got all the good ones," Donovan said with a dramatic sigh.

"This is true," Sam agreed.

"Although if Maren is the highly intelligent woman I know her to be, she'd do a lot better with me," Donovan said. "We have a lot in common. We could play doctor together."

"Only if you want your balls removed without the benefit of anesthesia," Steele growled.

Sam and Garrett burst into laughter.

"Man, when he falls, he falls hard," Sam said shaking his head. "I thought Rio was bad, but Steele makes him look like a guppy swimming around in the ocean."

"Can we dispense with discussing my personal life and get back to the pertinent matter here? Such as my leave of absence and my team being headed by nerd boy now?"

Donovan snorted. "At least they'll finally be handled with intelligence. Maybe by the time you decide to come back, they'll have decided they like me better. I won't get them shot as many times as you do."

Steele scowled while Garrett and Sam laughed this time.

"In light of what we know now, I'm thinking he got them shot on purpose so he'd have an excuse to visit Maren," Garrett said in a sly voice.

"Fuck you," Steele muttered.

He glanced back up the walkway to see Maren standing against the wooden rail of the deck, her side turned in his direction so she could look over occasionally. As soon as he looked her way, it was as if she sensed his gaze and she turned, smiling when she saw him watching her.

"If we're done here," Steele murmured.

The others traced the direction of his stare and then chuckled.

"Yeah, we're done," Sam said. "Not like we'd have your attention any longer anyway."

Steele made his way up the steps, ignoring everyone else. His focus was on Maren and in getting back to her. It seemed like they'd been apart for hours when in fact it hadn't been over thirty minutes. But he itched to be close to her. He liked her next to him, where he could touch her or even just see her right there at his side.

Uncaring of who was with her or what they'd think, he moved in behind her and then stepped to her side, wrapped his arm around her waist and slid his hand into her opposing jeans pocket.

She fit him perfectly. Like she was made just for him. Her head came to right underneath his chin, providing a perfect resting place when he wanted to hug her.

He wasn't a hugger. He couldn't remember the last time he'd hugged anyone. A few of the Kelly women had experienced mad hugging spells, usually after being rescued or scared out of their minds, and he'd been the recipient of more than one of those, but he hadn't hugged anyone himself since before his parents died.

With Maren, he just loved touching her. And it wasn't just sexual. He liked being close to her, having her in his space, occupying his mind. He liked holding her and hugging her. The night before, when they'd watched a movie with her in his lap and eventually falling asleep on him, had been one of the best nights of his life.

If he had any choice in the matter, they'd still be on his couch, snuggled up like two bugs in a rug, and f**k the outside world.

And damn. Speaking of outside world.

He lowered his head to Maren's ear. "Gotta go talk to Sam about your parents. I forgot to ask him about the jet. You going to be okay here for a minute?"

She turned and shot him a dazzling smile that nearly made his knees give out. "I'm fine, Steele. Go do your thing with Sam."

She glanced down at her cup and then around as if looking for something.

"What you need?"

"Oh nothing. It's all right. I was going to get something else to drink."

He snagged her cup. "Be right back. You want lemonade again or tea?"

She sent him a soft smile that made his heartbeat accelerate.

"Lemonade is good."

He waded through the crowd of people and noticed Sean and Rusty standing over to one side. Predictably, Rusty was wearing a frown-it was her usual expression when she spent any time around Sean-and Sean looked annoyed and impatient. Again, no surprise there. He'd be more shocked if the two ever had a conversation that didn't rapidly deteriorate into an argument of some kind.

After filling Maren's cup with ice and lemonade, he turned and sought her out again. She was back by Rachel, holding one of the babies while she and Rachel spoke. He took a moment to savor the image of her holding the child, and he pretended that it was their baby she cradled in her arms.

The picture was so powerful that it slammed into him, momentarily weakening him. He was flooded by a wave of love, an emotion he hadn't felt in so very long. With it came memories, the pain of losing people he'd loved more than anything. And he was paralyzed with fear over the idea of ever losing Maren.

Losing his family had brought him low as a child, an event that had taken him years to recover from. But losing Maren or their child would utterly destroy him. There would be no recovering from that kind of loss. It hurt to even think about it.

Was this what the Kellys and even Rio went through every time they left on a mission? The knowledge that their good-bye to their wives might be the last time they saw them and that they might not come back this time? Did they lie awake at night considering all the enemies they'd made over the years and worry that at some point someone would seek revenge and hit KGI where it would hurt the most? Through their wives and children?

He closed his eyes and balled his fingers into tight fists. Fuck it all. If this was what being in love was like, he didn't want it. How the f**k was he supposed to exist day to day? How was he supposed to breathe when fear made it impossible? He'd never been afraid of anything in his adult life. He performed his job by rote. Mechanically. Just like the machine he was accused of being.

But the idea of losing Maren? Of losing their child? Of leaving one day and never coming home? Or even worse, some a**hole taking revenge by taking out his woman and his child?

Fear was so heavy, so thick he could taste it. It pervaded every blood cell, his every thought, seeped deep into his brain until it was all he knew.

Jesus Christ, but this was no way to exist. How the f**k did the rest of them do it? How did they seem so goddamn relaxed all the time? He was a basket case and he'd only been in love for half a damn day.

Okay, so it was a lot longer than half a day, but he'd only made the admission or rather discovery a few hours ago.

He needed to go blow something up. Or pump a few rounds into a target. Beat the shit out of someone while he was at it. Anything to work off this restless, cagey, animalistic sensation that had him by the nuts.

"What's eating you, boss man?" Cole asked.

Steele whirled around, nearly dropping Maren's lemonade on the deck. His expression must have been fierce because Cole took a step back, his expression wary.

"Nothing," Steele muttered. "Just thinking. Can you take this back to Maren? I need to tag Sam right quick."

"Sure," Cole said, taking the cup Steele held.

Steele made his way back over to where Sam had rejoined the others on the deck and motioned him aside. Garrett came with Sam, followed closely by Donovan.

"What's up?" Sam asked. "You look like you swallowed a lemon."

"Just forgot to mention a very important piece of information and I have a request to make."

"Name it," Sam said. Just like that. It was one of the things Steele liked most about who he worked for. Sam had his back, no questions or reservations.

"I want to fly Maren's parents in on one of the KGI jets and pick them up at Henry County. They're eager to see her, of course. They've been frantic with worry. She spoke to them yesterday and assured them she was okay. And while they're here we need to see about setting up protection for them so that when they go back home they'll be safe. I don't trust Caldwell not to do something stupid."

"I'll take care of it," Sam said. "And of course we can send one of the jets for them. In the meantime I'll make some calls and get in touch with a local security firm so that when her parents return home, they'll have round-the-clock surveillance. It would be a good idea for you to discuss frankly with them while they're here what exactly we're dealing with so they can be more careful and aware when they go home."

"Thanks, Sam. This means a lot to Maren. And to me."

"Even if we weren't doing it for Maren, we'd do it for you," Garrett inserted. "You never have to ask. We'll do whatever we can to help."

"What about your place?" Donovan asked. "I know you have a pretty tight security net around your house, but if it's just going to be you and Maren staying there, you might want to consider having some additional manpower."

"My team is coming out tomorrow and I'm going to have them beef up the perimeter. Planning to add heat sensors and laser detectors that will trigger silent alarms if anyone breaches the cordoned-off area. We'll set out more cameras and make sure that if a deer so much as farts, I'll know about it. If I sense anything out of the ordinary, I'll be on the horn with you."

Sam nodded his satisfaction. "You know I don't believe in being too paranoid, so if you even think you need help, don't hesitate to call it in. I can have a team out there in no time flat. I'm turning Nathan and Joe's team loose in short order, but they'd be perfect as extra security for you and they can split watches if you'd feel better having extra eyes and ears on the premises."

"I may just take you up on that," Steele said. "I want my team to have some time off. They need it. So while they're taking the downtime, I wouldn't turn down having the other team check in from time to time. At least until I get my own team back."

"You got it," Donovan said. "And Sam and Garrett and I will be more than happy to take a shift as well. Things are quiet now, but we all know that could change on a dime. But if we aren't taking an assignment, we're all yours."

Steele extended his hand, shaking each of the Kelly brothers' hands in turn. "Maren and I both appreciate this."

"Anytime. You're family, Steele, even if your hard ass refuses to acknowledge that. You rode P.J. for not falling back on her family and her team. Just make damn sure you don't make the same mistake," Garrett said sternly.

Steele smiled. "Yeah, I hear you. You've just been waiting to be able to get in my face about it, haven't you?"

Sam grinned. "Maybe. I'm definitely not one to let an opportunity to give you shit go by."

"She's a terrific woman, Steele. You're a lucky bastard," Garrett said. "Not as lucky as I am, but you did good."

Steele rolled his eyes. "We're not going to have a pissing match over who got the better woman. Our women are unmatched and that's a fact."

"Jesus, but y'all are nauseating me," Donovan grumbled. "I'm going to walk away now before you start talking about baby booties and knitting and shit."

Steele laughed. "Maren did say she could totally see me taking up knitting in a rocking chair on my front porch."

"Pussy," Garrett muttered.

"You have no room to talk, Mr. I-can't-say-fuck-around-my-wife-anymore," Donovan said.

Garrett winced. "Yeah, yeah. Fuck you and the horse you rode in on."

"The rapid manner in which this entire damn organization is becoming domesticated makes me want to move far, far away," Donovan said.

"Your time is coming. Mark my words," Sam said, pointing his finger at Donovan. "And when it does? We're all going to ride you like a mule. You'll never live it down. I can guaran-damn-tee that much."

Donovan rolled his eyes and sauntered away, immediately swinging Charlotte into his arms amid screams of "Spin me around, Uncle Van!"

CHAPTER 32

"TIRED?" Steele asked when he returned from the kitchen, where he'd put away the groceries they'd bought on the way back from the Kelly compound. The bags containing the clothing they'd purchased had been dumped onto Steele's bed and then Maren had promptly flopped onto the couch, head back, all but wilting into the cushions.

"Yeah," she said, not opening her eyes.

"Too much today?"

She opened her eyes and stared back at him from underneath her lashes. "No, it was fun. I needed it. I've been cut off from everyone for so long. In my worst hours, I feared never seeing any of those people again."

Steele sat on the end of the couch and motioned for her to come to him. He turned sideways and pulled her between his thighs and began rubbing her shoulders, smoothing those big, strong hands over the muscles. She sighed and closed her eyes, leaning further into his embrace.

"What about you?" she asked drowsily. "Today couldn't have been fun for you. You were front and center and I know you had to hate that."

He made a sound that seemed a cross between amusement and resignation. "Yeah. I won't lie and say it was fun. But it wasn't bad. Love is new to me, Maren. It changes things, you know? I've always been content to sit back and let others take the spotlight. I do what has to be done and get the job done and let others deal with the details."

"Yeah, I know," Maren said softly.

"But today was ... different. Good different. I didn't mind being in the spotlight because you were there with me and I didn't give a damn who knew it. You're mine and I was proud to let them know that. You and my baby. I wanted them to look at me and think of what a lucky bastard I am."

She turned in his arms, staring up at him, at the sincerity in his eyes, and her heart completely melted.

"You know, if I weren't already pretty darn sure I was in love with you, that would have done it right there."

He smiled and leaned in to kiss her. "Why don't you call your folks first thing in the morning and tell them they can come out as soon as they can arrange it. I talked to Sam and he'll have one of the Kelly jets go get them. I told him I would pick them up at Henry County and they can stay a few days here so you can spend some time with them."

"Damn, I love you more with every passing minute," she murmured against his lips.

She kissed him again, long, slow, unhurried. Just reveling in the sensation of something new and shiny and oh so very precious.

"You're a wonderful man, Steele. And behind that tough-as-nails exterior lies a heart of gold."

"Yeah, well, don't feel the need to tell everybody that," he said gruffly. "You're the only one who needs to know that kind of information."

She grinned. "Don't worry. If anyone asks, I'll tell them you're a controlling a**hole with OCD issues."

"And here I was contemplating letting you take me to bed and have your wicked way with me. But if I'm a control freak, maybe I should reconsider that option and start ordering you around."

She thumped him on the chest. "We've already been over that, buster. Not going to happen in this lifetime."

"A guy can try," he said innocently.

"I'm liking your idea, though," she mused, pretending to give the matter serious consideration. "How wicked can I get?"

He kissed her again, deepening it this time. Long and more intense. His breaths quickened and his pulse thudded against her chest. She loved that she could make him react this way. That he wanted her. That he loved her.

It was a sensation she couldn't describe. The wonder, the thrill of something new and still budding, growing stronger with every moment spent together. She wanted to savor it, hold it to her heart and never let it go. She would always remember these moments, even with the memory so fresh in her mind of her abduction and the terror she'd felt for so many weeks. But here and now with Steele made those unpleasant memories fade. He wiped them clean, replacing them with love and tenderness.

He was hers. It still boggled her mind. This man, this warrior was hers. He'd chosen her. He wanted her. And now they were building a family along with what she hoped with all her heart was a long-standing relationship that would only grow stronger with time and care.

She wanted forever with him.

He pulled away, his eyes heavy with desire. "As wicked as your imagination will allow."

"In that case, you're in for a very long night," she murmured. "I'll call my parents in the morning, and we'll deal with tomorrow when it comes. But tonight? All I want to think about is you and me and me making you beg for mercy."

"There'll be no begging," he said.

She arched an eyebrow. "Too proud to beg, big guy?"

"Hell no, but if there's any begging involved it damn sure won't be for mercy. I want everything you have to give. But I won't rule out begging for more."

She struggled to get up and off him, and he gripped her arms, holding her steady as she climbed off the couch. Then she extended a hand to help him up.

"How fast can you get nak*d?" she asked in a teasing voice.

As they started toward the bedroom, Steele left a trail of clothing behind them. By the time they were in the door, he was completely nak*d and it was obvious he was heavily aroused.

"God, you're beautiful," she breathed as she stood staring, taking in his lean, muscled physique.

"You keep stealing my lines," he grumbled. He closed in on her, advancing until he was pressed to her, nak*d and glorious. "You're the beautiful one, Maren. And you have too many damn clothes on."

"Want to help me out with that little problem?" she asked innocently.

"Damn straight."

He pulled at her pants until they fell to her feet. "Help me out here and kick out of them. I'm more interested in getting this shirt off you."

She did as he asked as he pulled impatiently at the rest of her clothing. With each piece that disappeared, he kissed her, molding his body to hers, his hands roaming up and down her body until she was shivering with desire.

She reached down, curling her hand around his rigid erection, stroking up and down in a gentle motion. He went still against her, his mouth against her neck, and his breath came out harsh and hot against her skin.

"I guess the one good thing is that we no longer have to worry about condoms," she said in a husky voice.

He smiled against her neck and then licked before nipping at the sensitive flesh. "Not that they did any damn good the first time."

She laughed. "No, I guess this baby was meant to be."

He pulled away, his eyes serious as he stared down at her. He cupped her chin, angling her mouth up toward his.

"We were meant to be, Maren. I fought it, just like I fought my attraction to you. It bewildered and pissed me off all at the same time. But I knew the moment I gave in, that very first night we were together, everything changed. Even though I continued to fight it and I walked away. I'll always regret that."

"But you came back," she whispered.

"Yeah, I did, and I wish to hell I hadn't left again."

She put a finger to his lips. "It wasn't your fault, Steele. You can't take responsibility for some lunatic's actions. You were doing your job."

"My job is to protect you and our baby," he said fiercely.

"And I have every confidence you'll do just that. Now shut up and kiss me. I never thought I'd say this about you, but you talk too damn much."

He laughed, transforming the utter graveness in his face and eyes to something lighter, more joyful. She loved that look on him. And she wanted to be responsible for making him lose some of the coldness that had surrounded him for so long. His days as the ice man were gone.

He lowered his mouth, taking hers in a possessive, passionate kiss that stole her breath. Her lips tingled under his loving assault. Her lips parted and his tongue swept in, tasting and teasing her.

Then to her surprise he lowered himself down her body until he knelt in front of her, his mouth level with her belly. He placed his hands gently on her h*ps and then pressed his mouth just above her navel in the most loving of kisses.

"Our child," he said, awe in his voice. "I'm blown away by the fact that my baby is inside you, growing in your womb. I don't have words, Maren. I never imagined this. Never planned for it. Never thought I'd be kneeling in front of a woman I love touching the place where my child is nestled. But now that I am, now that I have you and our baby, I can't even describe what it means to me. You're gifts I never thought I'd be given, and I intend to cherish and protect you both with my dying breath."

She ran her hand through his short-cropped hair, lovingly stroking as he kissed her belly again. Tears crowded her eyes as she took in the enormity of this moment. She wanted to remember this forever. She wanted this moment to last forever.

This man, this gruff, beautiful man kneeling in front of her with such reverence and love in his voice. He spoke of her and their child being a gift, but he was her gift. One she'd never thought to receive as well.

When she was old and gray, she'd remember this moment. She'd tell her child of the time her father knelt in front of her and kissed her stomach, vowing to love and protect her always. She'd tell her child how very much she was loved from the very beginning.

"I love you, Maren," Steele whispered against her belly. "I need you to believe that. I don't know how or when it happened. But it's there and it feels like it's always been there. I can't remember what it was like before you. Only that until you, my life was cold, lifeless and mechanical. No color. No vibrancy. I didn't live. I existed. You changed all that. Before, my purpose, my goal, was to protect others. My life didn't matter and I would have given it to protect my team or a person we'd been sent to save. But now it matters. You matter. You are the most important person in my life now. Not my team. Not KGI. Not nameless victims we rescue. You and this child are my life. You've given me reason to really live and not just exist anymore. I don't think you realize just how much you've changed me in a very short period of time."

Tears slid soundlessly down her cheeks as she absorbed the heartfelt words that poured from his lips. He lifted his head, catching her gaze, and the look in his eyes took her breath away. They burned with intensity and sincerity. Every word was reflected in those fierce blue eyes she'd once thought were cold as ice.

Now they blazed with warmth and love.

She cupped his face in her hands, not even bothering to wipe the tears away. Then she leaned down and kissed him and then she hugged him to her, his cheek pressed to her belly.

"I love you too, Steele. Oh God, you undo me. What can I even say to all you just told me? You can't even imagine how hearing that affected me. I never dreamed of anyone saying things like that to me. I want to soak them all in so that twenty years from now I'll still remember every single word."

He slowly rose, holding her to him as he straightened to his full height. He tipped her chin up so she was looking him in the eye.

"You don't ever have to worry about forgetting," he said quietly. "Because I'm going to remind you every single day."

He backed her slowly to the edge of the bed, their bodies touching, his mouth hovering just over hers, and as he leaned her down, he kissed her again. Hot, scorching. His body came down over hers, pressing her into the bed. He was a warm blanket, surrounding her with him, with his love.

He rolled to the side so she was no longer bearing his full weight, but before she could protest, he pressed his mouth to the curve of her breast and gently nuzzled closer to her nipple. He caressed her belly and then moved his hand to her other breast, palming it and then carefully brushing his thumb across her other nipple.

"Are they more sensitive now?" he asked. "Are you okay with me touching you here?"

"Oh God yes," she breathed.

He chuckled lightly. "Is that an oh God yes, they're sensitive, or oh God yes, you're okay with me touching you?"

"Both. They're definitely more sensitive. In the first weeks of pregnancy you wouldn't have been able to get anywhere near them. They were so sensitive it hurt to even touch them. But now they're just more tender, I guess. But I love you touching me."

"Then you won't mind this either," he murmured just before he lowered his mouth to one straining peak.

She moaned as he sucked her nipple carefully into his mouth, exerting light pressure but enough to make her crazy with want and need.

He lifted his head to look at her. "Too much?"

"Oh no. I love it. Please don't stop."

He lowered his head again and then he traced a line around her other nipple with his fingertip while he tongued the other.

"They're darker," he said.

He moved his hand down, splaying his fingers over her belly, rubbing and caressing.

"You're firmer here. I can feel the beginnings of a bump. It's small and barely discernible by sight, but I can feel it. It's amazing."

She smiled, completely mesmerized by his gentle exploration of her body and his noting the physical changes wrought by her pregnancy.

She'd had every intention of having her wicked way with him as she'd told him in the living room, but in truth, he was making love to her. Slow and exquisite. A sensual rediscovery after a long separation.

And it was making love. They'd had sex before. More intimate the second time, when they'd been getting to know one another on a deeper level. Forming the foundation of what would bring them to this, to the discovery of something meaningful. Love.

Love happened. She would have never thought that it could happen so rapidly. Love was something you worked at, and she had no doubt their relationship would take a lot of hard work and dedication. But it had simply happened. No explanation. No cataclysmic event or earth-shattering revelation brought on by some external event.

It had simply happened. And she had no desire to analyze it, to figure out how or why. She just knew that she loved this man, and God, he loved her too. Her heart was near to bursting with so many feelings, so many things she wanted to say but had no words for. The only thing she could do in this moment was to show him her heart. And that he'd entrenched himself so deeply within her very soul.

Time was simply that. Time. It moved at different speeds for different people. For her, she'd fallen in love with Steele when he'd come back and they'd spent those precious few days learning each other, talking about everything and nothing at all. She'd always treasure those stolen days before fate had taken them in different directions and before she feared she'd never get back to that place where she and Steele had begun something special and meaningful.

She was so grateful that fate had given them a second chance. That she was here in his arms. Safe. Protected. And so very cherished. She knew this was exactly where she wanted to be. No matter what the future held, she knew she wanted Steele there with her, facing whatever obstacles they encountered. Together. With him at her side, she knew that nothing was insurmountable. Nothing was too challenging. They were in this together and she had faith that no matter how new and fresh their relationship might be, they would face the future together.

He took his time, lavishing tender affection on every inch of her body, as if he too were memorizing and committing to memory this moment of rediscovery. As if he were reassuring himself that she was here and safe where nothing bad could touch her. He seemed determined to wash away the last months when she'd lived in constant fear and uncertainty.

And when he finally brought her to a fever pitch, her body flushed and aching with desire, he rose over her, parting her thighs to settle between them, his erection tucked just inside her opening.

"It's like the first time all over again, Maren," he said in a tender voice. "It's our first time where we're truly together. This isn't sex. It's much more than that. It's my way of showing you my love, of showing you with more than words-words I can't even express-how much I care about you. I don't want to rush this. We have all night, and I intend to spend the entire night showing you just how much you mean to me."

There was an odd catch in his voice. He sounded vulnerable. Laid bare in front of her and she realized that he'd never allowed himself to be so unguarded with another person. She was seeing a part of him he kept hidden away from the rest of the world, and it unraveled her that she was the one with whom he was sharing the deepest part of his soul. Parts of him that would never be seen by anyone but her. It meant more to her than she could ever verbalize, but she soaked it in, savoring every word, every touch. Tucking them away in her heart, where they'd live until the day she died.

"Then show me, Steele," she whispered. "I'm yours. Only yours. I hope you know you can trust that part of yourself with me. I'll never hurt you. I'll never betray you. I'll never share what is between us with another living soul. What's between us is special. It belongs only to us. Private and precious. I'll protect that and you with my every breath. You'll never have another person who will protect your heart and soul the way I will, and that's my promise to you."

He closed his eyes and leaned forward until their foreheads touched and their noses brushed together. He kissed her just as he pushed inside her. Hot, molten. His hardness stroking deep but ever so gentle into her body.

"I'll never wear another goddamn condom again," he said hoarsely. "If you don't want to remain knocked up for the next ten years or so, you're going to have to use birth control because after having you without a condom, there's no way in hell I can ever go back to having a barrier between us. Never felt anything so good, Maren. So hot and silky around my dick. It's like diving into velvet and satin. You fit. We fit. We were meant to be," he said, echoing his earlier words. "You were made for me. Only me."

"Then it's a good thing we decided to take the plunge," she teased. "I'd hate to think of being an old maid waiting around for a man who never came for me."

"That'll never happen again," he said, his expression one of utter seriousness. "You're it for me, Maren. There'll never be another woman for me. And I damn sure hope you feel the same way about me."

"I think that's pretty obvious," she said breathlessly as he began to move inside her.

Long, deep strokes. Slow and sensuous. No rush. No impatience. Just leisurely, sensual movements as he slid in and out of her with measured thrusts.

He gathered her tightly in his arms, their bodies pressed together so tightly that there was no space between them. Only his h*ps moved as he rose and fell back into her. Her orgasm fluttered and rose, a long leisurely climb up the peak. It wasn't explosive or earth-shattering. It was the most beautiful buildup she'd ever experienced. Higher and higher, fanning out until her blood sang with desire.

Even when his own release was imminent he didn't pick up the pace. There was no urgency in his movements. He continued the slow build, rocking into her body, his arms wrapped around her, holding her so tightly that she could feel his heart beat against her chest.

He claimed her mouth, fusing their lips in a heated rush.

"Tell me what you need, Maren. What do you like? Teach me how to please you."

"No instructions are necessary," she said with a smile before offering her mouth for another kiss. "I love this. I love you. Come with me, Steele. I'm so close and it's so beautiful. Like nothing I've ever felt. No frenzied, panting explosive orgasm. Just ... beautiful. Soul deep. I feel you in every part of me. You're there."

"You're in me too, Maren. You're the best part of me. You occupy my heart. My soul. My every waking thought and when I go to sleep, you're there, in my dreams, and when I wake up and see you next to me, I can't even describe the satisfaction that grips me. It's like I've waited my whole life for you and it feels right to have you right here beside me. In my space. My bed. My life."

His words washed over her, heightening her desire as a wave of love and emotion consumed her. She wrapped herself around him. Arms, legs, trying to imprint herself into his very soul.

He tightened over her, his face suddenly becoming strained, and his breaths sped up and he pushed deeper.

"Are you ready, Maren? Do I need to slow down so you can catch up? I want you to get there. With me. Always with me."

She touched his face, gently caressing the lines of his jaw and then feathering over his lips. "I'll always be with you, Steele. Me and our child. We're a family now. Your family."

Emotion rippled over his face and he couldn't seem to form the words he was trying to say. He looked overcome and so she held him tighter, urging him to his release as hers washed over her like a soothing wave. Beautiful. Poignant. Unlike any orgasm she'd ever experienced.

It rippled through her in waves, intense and pleasurable. And then his movements quickened, almost like he no longer had control over his body and it acted instinctively, driving into her as his muscles coiled and contracted. He filled her with his warmth, the hot jets of his release bathing the inside of her vag**a and making his thrusts easier.

She arched into him, wanting all of him, all he had to give. She wanted every inch of him inside her so that she surrounded him and took everything he had to offer.

She kissed him again, easing the lines of tension around his mouth, and then she pressed her forehead to his again just before he collapsed onto her, blanketing her with the heat of his body.

For the longest moment they lay there in silence, each breathing deeply as they recovered from the emotional intensity of the moment. She stroked his back, caressing up and down and over his shoulders, offering him her touch.

He buried his face in her neck and then kissed just below her ear.

"Never been this way with another woman, Maren. Only you. Always you. There'll never be another."

She smiled, soaking in the quiet vow.

"It's a good damn thing," she said lightly. "I'd hate to have to go kick someone's ass for encroaching on my territory. I'm tempted to make you wear a sign that says 'Taken. Hands Off.'"

He chuckled, his chest vibrating against hers. "And I think I'll get you a shirt that says 'Don't mess with a pregnant woman.'"

"Very sound advice."

He rolled, taking her with him so they remained connected, him still deeply embedded in her.

"I know I should get up and get a towel to clean us up, but I don't want to move. I like it right here inside you. How 'bout we just change the sheets in the morning and sleep just like this."

She kissed him, lingering just over his lips. "Works for me."

CHAPTER 33

STEELE was careful not to wake Maren the next morning when he slipped from the bed. They'd spent the night making slow, leisurely love. They'd made love until they'd both fallen into an exhausted, sated sleep, but even with the few hours of sleep, he felt completely rested. He couldn't imagine another time when he'd wakened when the world around him felt right.

But it wasn't, and he couldn't allow himself to relax his guard even as he reveled in the newness and intensity of their rediscovery of one another. His team would be here soon, and they had a lot to discuss and a lot to do before he felt his home was as safe as he could make it for Maren.

He wasn't sure how his team would react to being turned over to Donovan, even for a short period of time. It wasn't a situation he or they had ever faced. It was nothing new for Donovan or even Garrett or Sam to participate in their missions, and there'd been plenty of times when the teams had worked the same mission together, but it had always been clear. Rio led his team. Steele led his. Rio and Steele might take their orders from KGI, but their teams took their orders from Rio and Steele alone.

Hell, he didn't like giving up his command to another person, even though he had complete confidence in Donovan and knew his team was in good hands. But he and his team were a solid, unbreakable unit that had been greatly tested when the mission had gone horribly wrong for P.J. But they'd come through stronger than ever. They were more than a team. Before Maren, they had been the most important people in his life. Now Maren, and their child, took precedence above all else. Even his team.

They'd understand that. They'd support him absolutely. He knew they had his back no matter what his decisions were. But until he resumed command, it wouldn't be the same. For any of them. Just as it hadn't been the same when P.J. had left for a period of time.

They clicked. They worked in perfect accord. They had chemistry that often took years if ever to develop. He couldn't give that up any more than Maren could give up her career. But they'd both have to make compromises going forward because they had more than themselves to consider.

They had a child. A tiny life dependent on them to love and protect and to place his or her needs above anything else in their lives. He knew with absolute certainty that he and Maren were on the same page when it came to their goals considering their child.

After taking a quick shower, he quietly dressed and glanced over to see Maren still sleeping soundly. She was curled up with her knees pulled toward her belly, and he wondered if it had become a habit during those weeks of uncertainty and fear, an unconscious measure to protect her child even while she slept.

It angered him that she'd lived in fear for so long, never knowing when or if Caldwell would force himself on her or even try to harm her baby. He wanted to kill the bastard for what he'd done. Fuck whatever Hancock was trying to accomplish. Steele wanted Caldwell's blood.

After gazing at her a moment longer, he reluctantly turned away, checking his watch as he left the bedroom. He shut the door behind him so any noise wouldn't wake her. She needed the rest and he was going to let her sleep for as long as she could.

After preparing a pot of coffee, he laid out an assortment of tea bags he'd bought for Maren the day before and filled a kettle with water so it would all be ready to go when she woke up. He also took a sleeve of saltine crackers from the box and put it on the bar. She could munch on those while she sipped her tea and if she felt capable of eating anything heavier, he'd cook her breakfast or at least make her some toast.

She'd lost weight since the time they'd spent together in Costa Rica. Even with her belly starting to round ever so slightly, she was thinner. She needed to be better taken care of, and that was precisely what he was going to do for the next five months-and beyond if he had any say in the matter.

By the time he finished his first cup of coffee, his team began arriving. Baker and Renshaw were first, arriving just minutes apart. P.J. and Cole arrived together next, and Dolphin strolled in last.

"How's Maren doing?" P.J. asked when they'd all taken their seats.

"Still sleeping. I'm letting her rest as long as she'll sleep," Steele said.

"I'm going to ask what we're all wondering, and you can tell me to f**k off if I'm getting too personal," Dolphin said bluntly.

Steele lifted an eyebrow but regarded his team member in silence, waiting for what he had on his mind.

"Is this thing with you and Maren for real?" Dolphin asked.

At Steele's immediate frown, Dolphin held up his hand.

"Let me rephrase this. Is her baby really yours or did that a**hole force himself on her and you've stepped in to help her?"

Steele sighed. "Sam had the same question. He and Maren are close. He was worried. And he wanted to know whether to go kick Caldwell's ass. Yes, the baby is mine. And yes, it's really none of your damn business, but here's the deal. For the next while, until the baby is born, I'm out of commission."

There was a mixture of reactions from surprise to quick frowns.

"What does that mean exactly?" Cole asked in a low voice.

"It means that you'll be working under Donovan until I'm back in action. For now you're all taking downtime unless something comes up-and we all know how that goes-but Sam is letting Nathan and Joe's team loose so they can pick up the slack. Donovan is taking you until I come back. For now my focus has to be on Maren and our child and making damn sure she's safe. We have a lot to work out, including where we go after the baby is born. Neither of us wants to give up our careers, but as of now, those jobs take a backseat to the child."

"I get it," P.J. said. "It won't be the same not working for you, Steele. I of all people know that most. But I agree, you have to do what you have to do. We've worked with Van enough that we're comfortable with him in the lead. Just don't get lazy while you're out of action and expect us to pick up your slack when you come back to work."

The others laughed at the ribbing P.J. gave him. Steele relaxed. He'd not been looking forward to having to tell his team this. They were a huge part of his life. His everyday existence. He spent more time with them than most married couples spent together.

"The other reason I brought you out here is so you could help me beef up security around here. I want to make sure that if anyone breaches the perimeter I'll damn well know about it and be prepared."

The others nodded.

"You'll call us up if you need us," P.J. said, not as a question but as a statement of fact. Then her voice lowered. "You fought for me. No way in hell I'm not going to fight for you when you need it. I won't forget that, Steele. You need us, you say so. Don't give a damn about downtime. If you have any concerns at all, we'll be here, even if it's to take watch shifts."

Steele stared back at P.J., his chest tightening. "You know I will. There's no one I trust more to protect my back than my team. There's no one I trust more with Maren's safety."

"Okay, well, we got that all out of the way," Dolphin said. "Now let's get to work on making sure no one gets in or out without a huge f**king wake-up call."

"Now we're talking," Renshaw said. "Tell us what you want, boss man, and we'll make it happen."

After outlining the things he wanted done, Steele rose and the others followed suit just as Maren walked into the living room, her hair damp from a shower, and she was wearing jeans and a T-shirt but had bare feet. It struck him that she looked utterly at home. In his house, as if it were the most natural thing in the world for her to walk out of his bedroom after taking a shower and dressing.

The sense of rightness hit him hard, and for a long moment all he could do was stare until he realized he was making her uncomfortable with his silent scrutiny.

"Uh, hi, everyone," she said with a small wave. "I completely forgot you all were coming today. I sorta slept in."

Everyone greeted her warmly and her awkwardness visibly disappeared. Steele went to her, steering her toward the kitchen.

"I'll catch up to you guys in a second," Steele called back. "You can head out to the shed where all the equipment is stored and also unload the stuff you brought with you."

As the others left, Steele sat Maren down at the bar and then went to the stove to turn on the burner under the kettle of water he'd already prepared.

"I thought you could start with tea and some crackers. If that works for you, I'll fix you something a little more substantial. I have bagels and cinnamon rolls, or you can have toast. If you think you can stomach eggs, I can scramble some up for you."

She smiled and propped her elbows up on the bar. "Thanks, Steele, but you don't have to pamper me, though I won't lie and say I'm not enjoying it. But you have stuff to do and I don't want to keep you from it. You go ahead and do your thing with the others so they aren't kept waiting. I'll finish up the tea and if I'm hungry after the crackers I'll figure out something to fix. Want me to make lunch for everyone? How long will this all take?"

"A few hours," he said. "I hadn't thought about lunch, and it's not like we get pizza delivery out here. Or anything else, for that matter."

"Want me to do burgers or something like that for everyone? It's the least I can do since you and they are all doing this for me."

He kissed the top of her head. "Don't think you have to repay any kind of debt. We look out for each other. I have their backs and they have mine. This is them having our backs. But yeah, burgers sound fine. You sure you can handle the smell of raw hamburger meat? Or for that matter the smell of frying them up? If you want, just make the patties, if you can stomach it, and after we're done I'll throw everything on the grill. We'll have beer and burgers. I guarantee my team isn't going to turn that down."

She laughed. "No, I imagine they wouldn't. That's a deal. I'll season the meat and make the patties and stick them in the fridge so they'll be ready to go when you're finished. Then I'll rustle up all the fixings, slice a few tomatoes and onions and wash the lettuce and we'll be set."

He rotated her bar stool so she faced him and he pulled her into his chest. "I like you in my kitchen. I like having a perfectly ordinary mundane conversation about who does what for the food preparation. I like having you here. Period. I think you're domesticating me, Maren."

She cracked up and rested her forehead against the hollow of his throat so his chin rested atop her head. "Oh, the horror. The world may well be coming to an end. Who would have ever thought the almighty Steele would admit to being domesticated, never mind actually becoming domesticated."

"How about me admitting, at least in the short time of my newfound domesticity, that I like it?"

"Stop," she said dramatically. "There's only so much I can take in one day. That kind of shock can't be good for the baby."

He tugged teasingly at her hair and then tilted her head back to kiss her. "I'll see you in a couple of hours. If you need anything at all, just stick your head out the back door and holler. We won't be far and one of us will hear you."

"Okay. Thought I'd wait until after lunch and everyone clears out before I call my parents to arrange their flight out here. Then we can both sit down while I talk to them and hash out the details."

"Sounds good."

He kissed her again and then reluctantly pulled himself away from her.

"Try to eat something," he said as he headed toward the door leading to the back porch. "And just so we're clear, that was a request. Not a direct order."

She laughed, her eyes twinkling in merriment. "My, my, looks like you can be trained, Steele."

He grinned back, enjoying the playful banter that came so easily between them. "For the kind of reward you offer, this old dog can definitely learn a few new tricks."

CHAPTER 34

MAREN sat in the living room with Steele and the others and nibbled on her burger while the others wolfed theirs down. It tasted wonderful, but she was taking it slow and savoring each bite, hoping her stomach wouldn't protest and the food would stay down.

She could see just how close Steele and his team were. Sure, she'd seen them plenty of times and could witness the bond they had, but she'd never been around them in a completely relaxed setting where there was no mission involved and no injuries for her to tend to.

They laughed and joked, the ease with which they communicated showing her more than words how tight-knit they were.

Everyone got a kick out of ribbing Steele over his impending fatherhood, and to Steele's credit, he took it with good humor. Not once did his characteristic scowl cross his face, and each time there was a mention of his becoming a father, his gaze slid to Maren's, warmth radiating from his eyes.

He seemed happy and content. More relaxed than she'd ever seen him around others. Even when he and his team had come to her clinic for treatment, he'd been distant and standoffish and spoken in clipped sentences, using only a few words to get his meaning across.

She wondered if his team saw just how different he was. What were they thinking? She knew from what Steele had told her the night before that he was standing down for a while. At least until their baby was born. She had mixed feelings on that. On one hand, she didn't want to come between him and a job he was obviously passionate about. She never wanted that to be a strain on their relationship or for it to get to a point where he resented her because he was away from what he loved.

But on the other hand, she was deeply relieved that he wouldn't be going on any missions until after the baby was born. It meant a lot to her that he was placing her and their child above everything else in his life. And if she were honest, it was a huge weight off not having to worry about him leaving at a moment's notice and her not knowing if he'd make it back.

It was something she'd have to get used to if their relationship worked out long term. There was no way she'd ever ask or expect him to give up his leadership of his team and retire. But at least for now, she'd have him here and safe until after their child was born.

Thinking beyond that was just borrowing trouble. It was best to take it one day at a time and cross the bridge when or if they came to it.

A beep sounded and conversation came to an instant halt. Steele was suddenly alert and wary and his team had also transitioned from joking and talking to utter silence. Tense, poised, ready for action.

She looked around in bewilderment and saw that Steele was intently focused on a monitor situated in the corner of the living room-a monitor that had gone unnoticed by her until now.

It lit up and she realized it was a video feed of the front gate. But she froze when she recognized the man standing at the gate staring directly into the security camera.

"Hancock," she whispered.

Fear gripped her. It was impossible to stanch the flood of panic that raced through her veins. She looked to Steele for reassurance, but he'd already risen and gone to the monitor, his features set in stone the moment he heard her whisper Hancock's name.

He pushed a button and then spoke into the receiver. "What the hell are you doing here, Hancock?"

"Let me in, Steele. I have info you need and we're wasting time having this conversation through security cameras. I'm alone. Came in on foot."

Steele turned to his team and barked a quick order. "Check out the perimeter. See if any alarms have been triggered. But don't rely on the video feeds. We're not dealing with typical civilians here. If Titan is here, they're going to be a hell of a lot more careful than the average hired heavy. I want a physical search done immediately. Report in immediately."

No one answered. They all scrambled up and disappeared. Steele turned back to the monitor.

"Strip," he ground out. "Only way you're getting in is if I know what I'm dealing with."

Maren's view of the monitor was impeded, but Hancock must have obeyed Steele's order because for a long moment Steele stood, his back rigid as he focused on the monitor.

After several minutes, Steele spoke again. "I'm opening the gate. You take it nice and slow up the drive. I'll meet you on the porch."

Steele turned and strode over to where Maren sat on the couch. He bent, planting his palms on either side of her, his face inches from hers.

"Listen to me," he said. "I know you're scared and I know you have no desire to see this guy. But I need to find out what the hell is going on and why he's popped up here. I don't want you to move from this spot. I'm calling in one of the guys to come stay with you and I'm leaving the others to keep watch and cover us. Okay?"

She nodded, trying to keep the betraying tremble from her lips. "Maybe he's going to tell us he took Caldwell down finally."

Steele didn't look hopeful and when he spoke, it was clear to Maren that he was trying to ease her fears.

"Yeah, maybe. Guess we'll find out. Sit tight."

CHAPTER 35

"GOT him in your sights, P.J.?" Steele murmured into his radio.

"Yeah, I got him. He so much as twitches wrong, I'll nail him between the eyes."

"Coast is clear, boss. No sign of anyone," Renshaw reported in. "Unless he's got people hanging back and waiting for his order. But no one has breached our perimeter."

"Stay on it," Steele ordered. "Baker, you stay with Maren. I don't care what goes down, you do not leave her, and if shit goes south, you cover her and get her the hell out of here."

"You got it," Baker replied.

Steele waited at the bottom of the steps of his porch and watched as Hancock slowly made his way up the drive. His gait was different. He was moving stiffly, as though each step were painful.

When he got closer, Steele could see why.

Someone had beat the shit out of the man.

Hancock's face was swollen and battered. His lip was split, and dried blood matted his hair. It was obvious he hadn't even had enough time to clean up before coming here. Steele had a thousand questions, number one being how the f**k Hancock knew where to find him. If Rio had leaked that kind of information to his former teammate, Steele was going to kick his damn ass all over Belize.

"What the hell happened to you?" Steele asked bluntly when Hancock was just a few feet away.

"Caldwell has lost his shit," Hancock said, not mincing words. "Where is Maren? Is she safe with you?"

Steele's gaze narrowed and he pressed his lips into a thin line.

Hancock sent him a weary stare. "Look, we don't have time to f**k around and have a pissing match over territory and who has the bigger dick. There's a lot you need to know and fast. Maren isn't safe and you need to know what you're up against."

"So you're here to warn me," Steele said, one eyebrow cocked upward.

"Believe what the f**k you want. Do you want the intel or not?"

Steele stared a long moment and then slowly nodded. Then he turned, gesturing toward the door. "Stand down," he said into the radio. "He's coming in, but maintain your position."

As he opened the door he fixed Hancock with a fierce glare. "You do anything to frighten or upset Maren and I'll make whoever did that to you look like an amateur. Got it?"

Hancock nodded. "Despite what you may think of me, I have no desire to see an innocent person hurt. I have an objective. Something you should understand. Succeed at all cost. Nothing gets in the way."

"That's where you're wrong," Steele said in a deadly soft tone. "If you're trying to compare yourself to me to ease your conscience, that's bullshit. I don't use innocent people to achieve my objective."

Hancock pushed in until he and Steele were nose to nose, neither backing down.

"Tell me something, ice man-yeah, I know what they call you-if there was a threat to Maren, if your objective was to keep her safe, would you give a damn who you hurt to achieve that goal? Would you give a damn who you had to use, or what you had to do to keep her alive?"

Steele stared back, unable to respond, because Hancock was dead on. Steele would do anything to protect Maren and keep her from harm. And he wouldn't give a damn who he hurt in the process.

"So what's your Kryptonite, Hancock?" Steele murmured. "What's your motivation for your relentless pursuit of your goal? You used Grace. You used Maren. What's driving you?"

Hancock's gaze became shuttered and he stiffened. "We're wasting time on useless bullshit."

Steele knew he'd hit a sore spot, and yeah, who really gave a f**k what motivated Hancock. If he had intel that Maren was in danger, Steele damn well wanted to know about it.

As soon as they entered the living room, Maren gasped, her eyes widening in alarm when she saw Hancock. He didn't know if it was because she feared his arrival or if she was shocked over his appearance.

He soon had his answer when Maren shoved by Baker and hurried up to Hancock.

"What on earth happened to you?" she demanded.

As she spoke, she reached up, probing one of the lacerations to his scalp.

"This needs stitching and it looks like your nose is broken. Did Tristan do this? Is it because you helped me get away?"

Hancock looked bemused by the rapid-fire questions and even more befuddled that Maren seemed concerned about him. He reared back so his head was out of reach.

"I have a lot I need to tell both of you," Hancock said, looking between Maren and Steele.

"Well, you can tell us while I stitch those wounds. Steele, you have a med kit. Can you send Baker for it? Surely you have a suture kit."

Steele swallowed back the smile that threatened. There was nothing remotely amusing about the situation, but he found it hilarious that Maren was barking orders like a seasoned drill sergeant and didn't seem the least intimidated by Hancock.

Baker hurried to get the med kit and then Steele dismissed him to take watch with the others.

Moments later, Hancock was sitting on one of the stools at the bar in the kitchen while Maren focused intently on stitching his wounds.

"You need to watch your six," Hancock said to Steele as Steele stood close by. No way Steele was leaving Maren with Hancock without Steele Velcroed to her side. "Caldwell has lost his shit."

"Yeah, you said that already. But what does that mean? Did you shut him down? Why are you here and not wherever he is?"

"The entire situation was FUBAR," Hancock said in disgust. "Caldwell went off the deep end after I got Maren out. Before, he played it cool. I was never in favor of him taking Maren. He could have hired anyone to do what he wanted her to do. I knew he had the hots for her, but I didn't realize the full extent of his obsession.

"I kept Maren with us because I wanted to appease Caldwell and keep him focused on the deal he was working with the guy I'm after. Caldwell was just a means to an end. I was counting on him to lead me to Maksimov."

"Whoa, wait a minute. Ivan Maksimov? The Russian?"

"I see you've heard of him," Hancock said.

"Who the hell hasn't?"

"Uh, me?" Maren said, pausing in her work.

Both men ignored her.

"You're taking down Maksimov?" Steele asked. Despite his deep dislike of Hancock, the man had balls for going after Ivan Maksimov. This was a man not to be f**ked with. He was feared-with good reason. He had a reputation for being utterly ruthless. It was rumored he'd killed one of his own children in front of its mother as punishment for the mistress defying him. Later he'd sold the woman into sexual slavery and when she attempted to help Interpol agents by feeding them information, her mutilated body had been found. In pieces.

"Caldwell was an up-and-comer. Big on the scene. He quickly gained a reputation for being able to get things done. Cleanly. He gained the notice of Maksimov, and Maksimov was interested in dealing with Caldwell. It was why Caldwell was leaving Costa Rica, having reconstructive surgery and assuming an entirely new identity and relocating to Kosovo.

"I got in with Caldwell at the right time. I gained his trust and I did what I had to do to make myself invaluable to him. I also exerted a lot of influence and control over him. It's what I do. It's what I did with Farnsworth. It's a gift, I guess you would say."

"Some gift," Maren muttered.

"It's a very valuable gift," Hancock said. "After a while I can control them by making them do what I want while making them think it was their idea. And it was working fine until you."

Maren tied off the knot and then stepped back with a frown. "What did I have to do with anything?"

"He's bloody obsessed with you," Hancock said bluntly. "He's convinced himself that the child you carry is his."

She went pale and reached out to brace her hand on the bar. Steele wrapped his fingers around her elbow to steady her.

"Easy, Maren," he murmured next to her ear. "He can't touch you here. Remember that."

"He went crazy after I got you out. Lost focus. Didn't give a shit about Maksimov. Started blowing him off because he was too busy turning the world upside down looking for you."

"Oh God, please tell me you didn't give him any information on me," she said faintly.

Steele slipped his arm around her shoulders, offering her silent support. He was too pissed to say anything.

"I didn't have to. It's not hard to find, Maren," Hancock said in an oddly gentle tone.

Steele was starting to wonder if Rio wasn't right about Hancock having a heart buried somewhere under all those layers of stone. Hancock was being extremely gentle with Maren, treating her with gloves on. And she'd told Steele the lengths to which Hancock had gone to reassure her when Caldwell had kept her under lock and key.

"So what happened?" Maren blurted. "Why are you here and not with him?"

"I have Maksimov to blame for that," Hancock replied. "Well, and the fact that Caldwell lost his shit and went off the rails."

"Spill it," Steele cut in, impatient to get to the point.

"From the moment Maren left, Caldwell was consumed with getting her back. Nothing else mattered. He was pissed at me, but still afraid enough of me not to push me. He didn't think I knew the lengths he was going to in trying to locate Maren. He asked me a hundred questions about KGI, when before he'd blown them off as no threat to him."

"And what did you tell him?" Steele asked harshly. Fuck it all, but all they needed was a batshit-crazy person unleashed on KGI. As if they didn't have enough to deal with already.

"Nothing that would get him anywhere but enough to keep him busy and occupied. With Maren there, Caldwell was less interested in dealing with Maksimov and more focused on Maren. He was very close to losing his patience where she was concerned, and I expected him to make a move any day."

Steele's nostrils flared and his hold on Maren tightened, his fingers digging into her shoulder.

"I had hoped that if I removed Maren from the equation, Caldwell would refocus his attention, forget about her, move on. I underestimated his obsession with her."

Steele's eyes narrowed. "So the great badass Hancock f**ked up."

"If I'd f**ked up, I would have left Maren there," Hancock said, coldly meeting Steele's stare.

"Anyway, when Maren was there, Caldwell kept canceling his meetings with Maksimov, citing his surgery and that he wasn't fully recovered. Even well after the normal recovery period, Caldwell kept blowing him off, and Maksimov is not a man you want to piss off.

"As I said, I'd hoped that if I removed Maren, Caldwell would refocus and move forward and I'd be one step closer to taking them both down. I set up the meeting with Maksimov and then that morning, Caldwell simply disappeared. I went through his correspondence, his computer files, anything I could lay my hands on.

"Then Maksimov shows up and there's no Caldwell and Maksimov didn't take that very well. His men worked me over and told me to deliver a message to Caldwell when and if he showed up again. It wasn't a threat. It was a promise. Caldwell is a dead man."

"Not if I get to him first," Steele growled.

"Well, that's the thing. You're likely to do just that."

Hancock glanced at Maren, reluctance in his expression as if he didn't want to tell her what he was about to say.

"He knows where your parents live. It was evident he'd done extensive research on them and the area in which they live. He's likely searching for you, but as unstable as he is, he's likely to completely lose it if he doesn't find you there."

All the color leached from Maren's face. Her eyes were huge, stricken with instant fear. She twisted from his grasp and lunged for Steele's cell phone, her fingers fumbling with the buttons.

Steele got to her and forced her to look at him. "Breathe, Maren. Call your mom. Make sure everything's all right. Then let me talk to her. I'll tell your mom and dad what they need to do and I'll have Sam get the plane there for them immediately. I don't want you to worry. We'll protect them and we'll protect you."

She nodded, some of the agitation fading from her eyes. She punched the buttons on the phone and then brought it to her ear, tapping her foot impatiently as she waited. For several long moments, she stood there, her lips drooping more and more as the silence extended.

"Mom, it's me. Please call me back as soon as you get this. It's urgent."

Then she hung up the phone.

"Voice mail," she said unnecessarily. "Oh God, Steele, what if he already has them?"

He went to her, slipping his hands over her shoulders and then rubbing up and down her arms in an effort to soothe her. "We don't know that, Maren. Don't panic. We'll try again soon. Just keep it together until we know more, okay?"

She nodded, but the worry didn't ease in her eyes.

Steele turned to Hancock. "You have a hell of a lot of answering to do. First, how did you know Maren was here and where to find me? Did Rio give you my location?"

Hancock's lip turned up in a glimmer of a smile. "I didn't contact Rio since I knew Maren wouldn't be with him. Would have been a waste of time. I have resources you can't imagine."

"Who the hell are you working for?"

Hancock regarded him steadily. "Does it matter who signs my paychecks? Titan is no more. There's talk we went rogue. We just don't happen to be on Uncle Sam's payroll any longer. But it doesn't mean we're traitors or that we don't have the best interests of this country in mind. You're so derisive of me-of us-but how the hell are we any different than your KGI? Just because I don't work for Uncle Sam doesn't mean I don't still have access to contacts and intel, and it doesn't mean we don't take private assignments that no one else has the resources to touch. We aren't bound by politics and bullshit foreign policies. We aren't afraid to get our hands dirty if the cause is righteous. But what's righteous to one may not be righteous to another. And we don't just work for U.S. interests. We take out any threat to national and world security. Think what you want of me, Steele. I don't give a fuck. But for a man I'm trying to help, you have a shitty way of showing gratitude."

Steele bared his teeth. "The only goddamn thing I'm concerned about is the safety of Maren and our child. Yeah, my child. Not f**king Caldwell's baby. Maren and that baby are both mine, so you stay the f**k out of my way when it comes to protecting her because I don't give a goddamn what your mission is, how f**king righteous it is or how it tips the scale in world politics. This is my family we're talking about here, and I'll take you and whoever the hell else out in order to protect my family."

Hancock lifted an eyebrow in a mocking gesture. "And they say you're the ice man. You and I have a lot in common, or so I'm led to believe. But maybe we're both a lot more passionate than we're given credit for. But where you're a black-and-white kind of guy, I'm so buried in gray that I'll never see the sunshine again. My soul is damned, but as long as at the end of the day I can look in the mirror and know the world is a better place for what I've done, then I don't give one f**k what you or anyone else thinks."

Steele's lips curled in a sneer. "You don't know fuck-all about black and white."

Hancock regarded him a moment. "No, I suppose that wasn't an entirely accurate statement. I know about what went down with Brumley and your team member P.J. Rutherford. Or is it Coletrane now? Heard they got hitched. And I know she took out Brumley's men before killing him in cold blood while you stood by. So yeah, I'd say you have no room to judge me, Steele. You've crossed the line, but I suppose that's okay when you're the one crossing it as long as no one else does, eh?"

"Fuck you, Hancock. I don't owe you shit. You protected Maren, but then you could have damn well prevented her being taken in the first place, so don't expect my gratitude for the weeks she spent in that bastard's hands, pregnant and terrified. She should have never been in that position in the first place, especially since you supposedly exerted so much control over Caldwell and wielded that much influence. You could have put a halt to his wanting to take Maren, but you didn't because it advanced your mission. And say what you want about the choices I've made, but I've never willingly put an innocent person in harm's way to achieve my goals."

"Ah, so you didn't send your teammate undercover in a situation where she was vulnerable and without the backup of her team. Okay."

Fury seared through Steele's mind. Blinding rage mixed with guilt, guilt he'd lived with ever since that night when P.J. had been savagely attacked. He lived with that every goddamn day. He regretted that decision and the fact that he'd failed P.J. and the rest of his team. And having it thrown back in his face by this smug bastard made him want to put his fist right through Hancock's teeth.

"Stop it! Both of you!" Maren cried. "This isn't helping! I don't care about what was or is, or what either of you have done in the past. It doesn't matter! What's done is done. I just want to know that my parents are all right and that that monster doesn't have his hands on them."

Steele turned, regret already registering. She was right. This wasn't the time or the place, and he was letting his own worry and fear take over. But Maren didn't need this from him or Hancock. She needed reassurance and she needed his support. He wasn't going to fail her. He wasn't going to let someone he was responsible for down again. He'd live with regret for the rest of his life over what had happened to P.J., and he'd be damned if he'd ever let anything happen to Maren and their child.

He ran a hand through his hair and sent her a look of apology. Then he turned back to Hancock.

"So why are you here? Just to warn me and then you're on your way back to whatever hole you crawl out of when you pull a mission?"

"I'm here because I'm no more willing to let Caldwell get his hands on Maren than you are. Maksimov may have slipped through my fingers-this time-but Caldwell needs to go down. I'll just have to find another way to take Maksimov out. And I'll do it. No matter how long it takes, no matter what I have to do. He's going down. Caldwell is going to take first priority at the moment. He's unstable, and with his wealth and connections, there's no telling how far he'll go to get what he considers his back. He won't care who he has to hurt as long as the end result is him getting what he wants."

Maren went even paler until Steele worried she'd drop. Her eyes were huge against her colorless face.

He opened his mouth to offer her reassurance, but he knew they'd be empty words. He had no idea what they were dealing with, where Caldwell was, and as Hancock had said, there was no way of knowing just how far he'd go in his single-minded pursuit of Maren.

"I'll call Sam. He was going to talk to a local security firm about protection for your family. He was going to have it in place so that when they went home after visiting you they would be protected. But I'll call him and get him on it immediately. We'll find your folks and get them here as fast as we can. Once they're here, we can work out a plan that includes round-the-clock protection for you as well as them."

She looked a little relieved and then the phone rang, causing her to jump. She glanced down at the phone and then her face lit up. "Steele, it's my parents' number! Oh, thank God!"

CHAPTER 36

MAREN yanked up the phone, relief so overwhelming that she had to brace herself on the bar because her knees were shaking so badly.

"Mom? Thank God. I tried to call you. I was so worried."

"Maren ..."

Her name came out shaky and Maren knew immediately that something was very wrong. She froze, gripping the bar until her knuckles whitened. Steele immediately became alert and closed in, standing at her side. Hancock frowned at Steele's reaction and came to stand on the other side so he was facing Maren, and both men stared intently at her.

"Mom, what is it? What's wrong?" Maren asked sharply.

A low sob sounded and Maren clenched the phone tighter, willing her mother to tell her what was going on.

"Maren, it's your father. He's hurt. There are men here. Tristan Caldwell."

Maren collapsed onto the bar stool, shaking so badly she could barely maintain her grasp on the phone. Steele reached for her chin, turning it so she faced him, his gaze boring intensely into her in obvious question.

Caldwell, Maren mouthed.

Steele reached automatically for the phone, but Maren ducked and stumbled off the bar stool, avoiding his hand.

"What does he want, Mom? What did he do? Is Dad all right?"

"He said he wants you and his child back," her mother choked out. "Maren, what is he talking about? You told me you were with the father of your baby."

"I am. He's crazy. What did he do, Mom? I need you to talk to me. Pull it together and tell me what's going on!"

"He demanded to know where he could find you. When we refused, they beat your father. I'm sorry, honey," she said brokenly. "I couldn't let them kill him, so I called you like they told me to. I'm so sorry. I'd never betray you. I don't want to be responsible for any harm to you or my grandchild, but oh God, they would have killed him!"

"You did right," Maren said fiercely. "Don't let them hurt him any more. Tell me what they want. I'll come right away."

Steele's hand came around her arm, turning her forcefully, his expression so black that it would have terrified her if she wasn't already scared out of her wits.

"He wants to talk to you," her mom said shakily.

"Put him on then," Maren demanded.

"Put it on speaker, damn it," Steele whispered.

Even Hancock had advanced and now stood only a foot away. She felt smothered by the two men. Overwhelmed with gut-wrenching fear. That bastard had her parents! They'd beaten her father. Two of the kindest, most gentle people in the world. People who'd devoted their entire lives to helping others. They didn't deserve this! They didn't deserve to be dragged into Caldwell's obsession. There was no way in hell she'd let this happen. Whatever she had to do to ensure their safety, she'd do with no hesitation. She had Steele. Hell, she even had Hancock. And she had KGI. She wasn't alone and Caldwell had picked the wrong people to f**k with.

She quickly hit the button for the speakerphone option but still held it to her ear so it wouldn't be so obvious and her voice wouldn't seem farther away.

"Maren."

Caldwell's voice froze her. She went utterly still, her blood turning to ice in her veins.

"What do you want?" she asked hoarsely.

Steele and Hancock both crowded close to her, their expressions fierce as they strained to hear every word.

"It's obvious what I want," Caldwell said coldly. "You and my child. Back where you belong."

"It isn't your child and you know it!" she screeched.

Steele put his hand on her arm and then put a finger to his mouth to signal her not to do anything to anger him. As if! She was bloody furious. If she could reach through the phone and wrap her hands around the bastard's neck, she'd do it and squeeze the life right out of him.

"You are mine. The baby is mine," Caldwell said. "And I want you both back. You have a choice, Maren. You come back to me and I let your parents go. You refuse and they'll die while you listen on the phone."

In the background her mother's scream rose, and every hair on Maren's neck stood up.

"Stop!" she yelled. "Don't you hurt her. I'll do whatever you want, but don't hurt her or my father. Tell me what you want. Just stop it!"

"That's more like it," he said smoothly. "I want you here, Maren. You have exactly twelve hours to arrive or they both die."

"Where?" she asked desperately. "You want me to just walk into their house and I'm supposed to believe you'll leave them and take me?"

"You won't meet me at their house. They won't be at their house. I'll give you the location once you've landed in Florida. As for you believing me, I don't see that you have an alternative. It's your choice, Maren. Get on a plane and get here. I'll call this number in eleven hours and tell you where to meet me. Once you arrive, I'll make the call for your parents to be released. If I don't place that call in exactly twelve hours and fifteen minutes? They die. So don't even think about f**king me on this. If anything happens to me and I don't make that call, they will die a horrible death. I'm not bluffing, so don't try to call me on it."

"How do I know you won't kill them anyway?" Maren asked, her voice rising with hysteria.

"I have no reason to kill the grandparents of my child. Not unless you continue to keep my child from me. I want you and I want our child. I see no need to have their murder between us for the rest of our lives. And if you prove cooperative and don't fight me, I'll even allow you to see them on occasion."

"I'll be there," she choked out.

The phone went dead and Maren fell to her knees, sobs erupting from her chest in painful bursts. Steele's arms came around her, pulling her up and against him as he held her firmly, stroking her hair, kissing the side of her head.

"Shhh, Maren," he whispered. "You have to be calm. We have to think this through. I need you with me on this. You have to be strong for your parents. Do you understand? Pull yourself together so we can figure this out."

"He's crazy!" she said, her voice rising precariously. "Oh my God, you heard him, Steele. He actually expects me to just leave with him and if I'm a good girl, he'll let me see my family every once in a while. As if we're some married couple visiting relatives."

"I told you, he's unhinged," Hancock interjected. "Completely lost his shit. I admit, I never saw this coming. I knew he had a thing for Maren, but he's focused on business. He's ruthless. I would have never imagined that he'd f**k over Maksimov. He's signed his death warrant. When I got Maren out of there, he just lost it. She became his obsession. Getting her back. That became his single-minded goal. Nothing else mattered. And the hell of it is, I think he's actually in love with her. He's pissed that she got away, no doubt. But this isn't about a power play and him seeking revenge for being thwarted. The f**ker is actually in love with her and he'll do anything to get her back, not even realizing that even if he's successful and even if there were no KGI or Titan to take him down, Maksimov would take him and Maren both out. He's living on borrowed time and he's f**ked from all directions."

"Jesus," Steele muttered. "Goddamn it."

"Call in your team," Hancock said to Steele. "We're going to have to move fast."

"We?" Steele demanded. "There is no we here, Hancock. You stay the f**k out of this."

Hancock regarded Steele with a steady gaze. "I'm going in too. You need all the manpower you can get."

"Just stop the arguing!" Maren said, anguish tearing at her insides. "We don't have time for this. We have to go!"

Steele strode to the living room, picked up the radio and barked a terse order for his team to return to the house on the double. Then he came back to Maren and gripped her shoulders.

"There is no way in hell you're going with that bastard, Maren."

"What choice do I have? You heard him. We can't trick him and send in KGI with me to take him down. If he doesn't make that phone call, my parents die. And I believe him! He's just crazy enough to do it."

Steele's team poured in from the back door and the front and within seconds they'd congregated in the kitchen, their stances rigid, completely alert and awaiting Steele's orders.

"I'll keep this brief because we have to hit the road. I'll put a call in to Sam on the way to the airport and have him pull in whoever he has. We don't have time to pull in Rio and his team. They all flew out yesterday, so Sam, Garrett, Donovan and the new team are going to have to be it."

Then he quickly went over the situation in clipped sentences and in the end there was a room full of pissed-off, ready-to-go-in-and-kick-ass people.

"I'm going," Maren said, staring down the entire team. "There's no way you can do this without me. He's calling me and if I don't answer, my parents die."

"Yes, you're coming," Steele said, each word dragged painfully from him. As if he recognized the inevitability of her having to go and had no choice but to place her in harm's way.

She touched his arm and locked gazes with him. "I trust you, Steele. I trust KGI. We'll think of a way out of this. But for now we have to go and we have to play it his way."

Steele nodded, but he looked tortured. Then he turned to his team. "Let's roll. We're going to have to do all our planning in the air. We don't have time to map it out with the others at the compound. I just hope to f**k that Sam and the others are available and can meet us at the airport."

CHAPTER 37

AN hour and a half later, they were in the air. Hancock's presence had been contentious, and it was clear that no one wanted him there and that they didn't trust him. But at the moment, Steele didn't give a f**k who came as long as it meant keeping Maren out of Caldwell's grasp.

She was sitting on the end of the couch in the lounging area of the jet, feet curled underneath her, silent and pale as she listened to the strategy being discussed.

Sam, Garrett, Donovan and even Ethan had come, as had Nathan, Joe, Swanny, Skylar and Edge. Plenty of muscle. If only they knew what they were up against.

Hancock had taken the floor, giving what information he had on Caldwell. It was his opinion that Caldwell wasn't operating with a lot of manpower. Only two of his men had disappeared with him the morning Maksimov had lost patience and had moved to take Caldwell out. So if Caldwell had hired more men, it wasn't likely he'd been able to recruit the most qualified of candidates on such short notice.

It had been only days since Maren had been taken from Caldwell, even though it seemed like weeks had gone by. Caldwell had disappeared only two days before, and finding hired muscle that quickly, while not out of the realm of possibility with the wealth and resources at Caldwell's disposal, was difficult for a man who'd gone off the deep end.

One point in their favor. Hopefully they were dealing with subpar lackeys who were only looking to score a few quick bucks off Caldwell.

"If we knew where Caldwell was going to have Maren meet him, it would make things a hell of a lot easier," Donovan muttered. "We'd know if it's open or if there's room for us to move in and take position, surround him on all sides."

"But we can't do that," Maren broke in, her tone desperate. "If anything happens to him and he doesn't make that call, my parents die. I can't trade my life for theirs. I can't! It's obvious he doesn't want to kill me. He's talking a long-term relationship here."

A visible shudder worked over her shoulders. Skylar was sitting beside her on the couch and reached over to squeeze Maren's hand. Maren clung to it, as if desperate for that connection. Shared strength. So far she was holding up well, but Steele could tell she was teetering on the edge and could lose it at any moment.

"We know, Maren," Donovan said, his voice low and soothing. "But if I can get in close enough to lock on to his cell signal, I can trace the call to the location where your parents are being held."

"But he's not going to make that call until he has Maren," Sam said grimly.

No one looked pleased with that statement. Steele barely controlled his own reaction. He had to turn it off. He had to think of this as any other mission. Focus. Turn off emotion. Turn off the fact that the thought of Maren being in Caldwell's possession for even a minute made him want to lose his mind.

Edge sat forward and cleared his throat. Everyone turned in his direction. The man never said much, but it was clear he had something to add.

"Look, I know this isn't ideal, but as Maren said, he's not planning to kill her. He's obsessed with her. And he thinks of her child as his. So he's not going to do anything that would risk her or the baby unless he feels threatened and decides to take them both out with him."

Steele scowled, the words evoking images that had his insides so twisted up he could barely breathe.

Turn it off. No matter how many times he told himself to do it, he couldn't manage the feat. His tightly leashed control that had never failed him, the tight rein he had on his emotions at all times, was frayed and at its breaking point.

"So we send Maren in just long enough that he makes that call. We wire her up, have her demand to speak to her parents. If we keep that line open long enough, Donovan can do his magic and lock onto that location. We split teams. One with Maren, one ready to move out the minute we get a bead on where her parents are. The minute that call ends, we go in, take Caldwell down, and the other team takes out the f**kers who have her parents."

"Gotta say, that's not a bad idea," Donovan said.

"I don't want her in his hands even for a minute," Steele ground out.

"We don't have a choice," Maren said. "It has to be done, Steele. I trust you. I trust all of you. You'll have my back. You won't let him get away with me."

"What if he doesn't make that call until he's on the move with Maren?" Skylar asked. "There's a fifteen-minute gap between the time he says she has to show and when he has to make that call. That tells me he's prepared for exactly what we're planning, and he's going to make that call on the move."

"Then we have to make damn sure we don't lose visual contact at any point, and we move when he moves. We also plant a tracking device on Maren, be prepared for the worst-case scenario if we lose visual or he actually gets away," Sam said. "This guy is certifiable. He's nuts. He's not thinking clearly. That's obvious. So he can't have covered all his bases. His sole objective is to get Maren back. He's discounted us from the beginning, when Hancock first warned him about us. In his mind he's untouchable. That gives us an edge because even if he's expecting us to make a move, he's already thinking that he's outsmarted us and he won't be expecting the magnitude of our power and resources."

"If he's in a fixed location and isn't on the move when he makes that call, I want Cole, P.J., Skylar and Joe in position, and when the call is done, I want him taken out," Steele said.

"And why are you here again, Hancock?" Garrett drawled. "The way I see it, you aren't offering much of anything unless you're going to be holding pom-poms and cheering us on."

Hancock stared coldly at Garrett. "Caldwell is my mission and I'll be there when he goes down."

"Yeah, yeah, failure isn't an option," Ethan said with a roll of his eyes. "We've heard it before. But from where I'm standing, this is one giant F on your report card, Hancock."

"I don't give a f**k who gets credit for taking him out," Hancock snarled. "I just want it done so I can move on to Maksimov." He rubbed his bruised jaw and then his swollen eye. "I have a personal score to settle with that a**hole now."

"I'm thinking your next performance review is going to suck," Dolphin drawled.

Ordinarily Steele would be all for letting everyone give Hancock shit. The bastard deserved it for all the grief he'd caused them in the past. But their focus was drifting and they were fast running out of time. They'd land in an hour and then they'd only have a few hours to scope out a vast amount of territory and then wire Maren and wait for the call and hope like hell they'd covered the area where he wanted to meet.

"Cut the crap and let's focus on the goddamn mission," Steele snapped.

The cabin went silent. Maren rubbed her hands tiredly over her temples, pressing and massaging, anxiety written all over her face. Steele was in a no-win situation. If he did nothing and didn't allow Maren to follow through with Caldwell's instructions, her parents would pay the price and Maren would never forgive Steele for that. She'd live with guilt for the rest of her life and be tortured by the fact that she could have saved them.

But if he let her go, if he placed her in the direct line of danger, he risked losing her and that wasn't something he could dwell on without losing his mind.

She clutched his cell phone like a lifeline, and from time to time she stared down at it as if replaying that last conversation over and over in her mind. He wanted to comfort her. Wanted to wrap himself around her, a barrier between her and the rest of the world. But his focus had to be on a way to prevent harm to both her and her parents.

They landed at the small airport in St. Augustine, Florida, and quickly gathered at the waiting vehicles Sam had arranged. Donovan had tagged every airport within a hundred-mile radius with aerial photos and he was studying each one, trying to determine where Caldwell would be making his run with Maren.

The problem was, there were simply too many possibilities for them to cover. Until Maren got that phone call, they were flying blind.

Sam made contact with the local city and county police departments and had Resnick pave the way for cooperation. Resnick wanted Caldwell almost as badly as KGI wanted him, and he was eager to facilitate his capture.

"Given the time parameters he gave Maren, the best bet is either Flagler County or Craig Municipal if he's planning to fly out of here," Donovan said. "I've checked on any private landing strips and there's one possibility. It's rural. Only accommodates Cessnas, no jets. Not big enough. My bet is on that one. The other two are too public even though they're small."

"How far?" Steele demanded.

"Thirty minutes and that's hauling ass."

Steele nodded and then turned to Maren, gathering her in his arms. "Hold tight, Maren. We'll get through this."

She gripped him back, clutching desperately at him. "I hope you're right, Steele."

The wait was interminable. Everyone was on edge. Restless. Maren checked her watch every few minutes and the closer it got to the eleven-hour mark, the paler she grew and the more agitated she became.

When the phone rang, she jumped, staring down at the phone, stark fear outlined in her features. Conversation ceased and every single eye was on Maren as she shakily brought the phone to her ear.

"Hello," she said.

Steele was proud of the firm tone she used. He knew she was scared out of her mind, but she sounded crisp and businesslike on the phone.

She listened a long moment and then said, "Don't f**k me on this, Tristan. I swear to God, if you don't keep your end of the deal, I'll kill you in your sleep."

Steele winced, not wanting her to antagonize Caldwell. But at the same time he felt a surge of pride at her courage.

She quietly lowered the phone, letting it hang in her hand at her side as she faced the others.

"He wants me at the airport in an hour's time. Fifteen minutes after I've turned myself over to him he'll place the call to free my parents."

"Which airport?" Donovan asked gently.

"He gave me the address. Didn't give me a name for it."

Donovan typed it into his GPS as she recited the information, and he nodded. "Yep, just where I thought. He opted for a private airfield, the one I said couldn't support a jet. So he's planning to fly out in a Cessna."

"Let's roll," Sam said. "We can leave Maren in a vehicle a few miles away so the rest of us can move into position. When it's time-and don't come in a minute before you have to, Maren-drive to the airport but don't get in a hurry."

"I'll drive Maren," Steele said quietly. "I'll hop in with one of you when we get to where we split up."

Steele gathered her into his arms again, holding her without words as the others began climbing into the vehicles. He pressed a kiss to the top of her head and then motioned her toward the passenger seat of the SUV before walking around to slide into the driver's seat.

CHAPTER 38

THEY pulled to a halt several miles from the airport and the teams piled out, emptying the vehicle Maren would take and gathering to go over their plan of action.

Steele hung back with Maren, quiet and intense, his gaze focused on her. They were quiet, no words passing between them as he gently threaded the tiny transmitter into her hair, weaving it in with the braid. When he was finished, he turned her in his arms and hung them loosely around her hips.

He pressed his forehead to hers and for a long moment closed his eyes, inhaling as they shared the tender moment.

"I love you," he said, finally breaking the silence. "Every instinct tells me not to do this. Not to let you walk into this situation even as I understand the impossible choice you face."

"I love you too," she whispered.

She leaned back so she could better see into his eyes and rested her palms against his hard chest. "Steele, if things go wrong, I mean, if the worst happens and he gets away-"

He shushed her with a finger, his eyes tormented over what she'd said.

"No, let me finish," she said huskily. "If the worst happens, please know that I love you and that I'll never give up hope of you coming for me. I'll protect our child with my life and I'll never give up hope of us being together and raising our baby together."

He rubbed his hand over her face, sliding it underneath her chin to cup it as he stared down at her.

"Now you listen to me. I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure you don't spend more than the time necessary with him for him to make that call to set your parents free. We're doing everything we can to protect you and your parents and I need you to believe that and trust in that. But beyond that-and this is important, Maren. I need you to listen to me on this. If something goes wrong, if for whatever reason he gets away with you, you do whatever is necessary to survive. Do you understand?"

She sucked in her breath at the quick surge of tears that stung her eyes.

"I'll never stop looking for you, Maren. If that bastard gets away with you, despite our best efforts, I will never give up, and I need you to do whatever it takes to survive. I'll never think badly of you for doing what you have to in order to protect yourself and our child. Don't anger him. Don't antagonize him. Cooperate fully and wait for me, because I'm coming. I'll never rest until you're back with me where you belong."

She leaned her forehead against his neck so his chin rested atop her head and she wrapped her arms around him, squeezing tight as she choked back the emotion welling in her throat.

They both knew what he meant. That if it came down to it, he wanted her to give Caldwell what he wanted if it meant her surviving and not being harmed. There had been torture in his eyes as he'd told her emphatically to do whatever it took to survive. But there was also determination, and she knew that he'd meant every word. He'd never rest until he found her. If it took the rest of his life, he'd come for her. And he was asking her not to give up.

"It's time," Sam said gruffly from a few feet away. "The others are in position. There's a plane on the runway with a pilot inside. We have snipers surrounding the area and we're ready to go in at a moment's notice. Maren, sweetheart, I need you to stall. When you get there, I need you to distract Caldwell. Nathan's going to take out the pilot and fly the plane. But you need to give him time to get in and do his job without Caldwell noticing. So whatever you have to do, do it. Nathan will go through all the motions, but as soon as Caldwell places that call, he's going to land the plane. If we're lucky, he'll make the call before you get into the air. But if not, just know you won't be alone. Nathan will be inside."

"Won't he notice a difference in the pilot?" Maren asked skeptically.

"Well, that's where you come in. We need his focus to be on you. The pilot has a hair color similar to Nathan's. If Nathan can get in, put on the headphones and sunglasses, the cockpit only has a narrow opening, so unless Caldwell makes it a point to check the pilot out, we think it'll work. If he's more concerned with you and getting you on board, he's likely not going to pay much attention to the pilot anyway."

Maren took a deep breath and then turned into Steele's arms, hugging him tightly as she tried to gather her composure for what was to come.

"I can do this," she whispered.

Steele's grip tightened around her and he pressed a kiss to her hair, just above her ear. "Bet your ass you can. You're tough, Maren. And we have your back. Now let's go kick some ass and get your parents back."

Steele rode with Sam and Hancock after they instructed Maren to take it slow and easy. She still had time and they all wanted to be in position before she arrived on the scene. Steele's nerves were raw and exposed. He'd never felt so goddamn vulnerable in his life. Maren had taken a huge part of him with her, and it ate at him that he had no way of knowing if this was going to go according to plan.

He couldn't accept that he could lose her. Or that she would be at Caldwell's mercy when he knew damn well what Caldwell intended. He wanted what was Steele's. Was claiming what was Steele's as his own. No way in hell Steele was taking that kind of threat from anyone.

Sam pulled off into a wooded area and they got out, running through the woods until they reached the edge of the clearing where the airport was nestled.

It was indeed small. One, maybe two planes could be hangared here. Small planes.

And as Sam had said, there was a smaller Cessna out on the runway, engine running, and several feet away, a black SUV with tinted windows was parked.

"Anyone have a view into the vehicle?" Steele asked into the radio.

"I have a view through the front windshield," Skylar reported. "One male in the driver's seat. No passenger in front."

"Got one in the back," P.J. piped in. "Likely Caldwell. I've scanned the perimeter and can't find another damn thing. Either he's really good or he's really stupid."

Steele stared at the Cessna in plain view. It didn't add up. Caldwell might have lost his shit but he couldn't be that stupid. Something was wrong here and his gut was screaming at him.

"I'm coming in."

Maren's soft voice came over the wire. There was a tremble evident. He wished to hell they'd been able to give her an earpiece so she could hear them like they could hear her. So they could give her instruction. Backup. Even just let her know she wasn't alone.

The next minutes were the longest of Steele's life, and then suddenly the SUV Maren was driving appeared. She drove up to the other vehicle but didn't get out. Smart girl. Buy them some time. Don't put yourself at risk before you know the situation.

The door to the black SUV opened and a man stepped out. He walked to Maren's door and opened it, offering his hand in a gallant gesture that made Steele bare his teeth.

And then voices came over the wire. Caldwell greeted Maren like a long-separated lover. He leaned in to kiss her, and Maren didn't flinch away. But Steele did. He hated the man touching her. His mouth where Steele's had been just minutes earlier.

And then Maren wobbled and reached out to brace herself against the hood of the SUV. For a moment Steele's heart lurched, but then he remembered that she was only doing as they'd told her.

Caldwell bent over with her, his hand rubbing up and down her back. He murmured soothing words that grated on Steele's every nerve. Steele forced his attention away from Maren and Caldwell long enough to see Nathan come in on the other side of the Cessna. He was accompanied by Edge and a moment later, Edge sprinted double time across the runway, the pilot over one shoulder. He disappeared, the entire exchange taking only a couple of minutes.

He rapidly tuned back in to what was going on with Maren and Caldwell.

"Make the call," Maren said in a shaky voice. "You promised. I came. Now make the call. I want to talk to them when you do. I want to make sure they're safe."

Steele stared at Caldwell, his unease growing by the minute. His brow furrowed in concentration because something was bugging him. But he couldn't quite put his finger on it.

Caldwell glanced repeatedly in the direction of the closed hangar but never once did he look at the waiting plane.

"Here's the deal," Caldwell said in a calm voice. "I'll call and your mother will be set free. Once we're in the air and have reached our destination, I'll place another call and your father will go free."

"That wasn't the deal!"

"I'm holding the cards, Maren. I'm willing to make a goodwill gesture to show you that you can trust me. I'll make the call now. Your mother will be set free with an escort. She'll be instructed not to talk to anyone or your father will be killed. The rest is up to you."

He reached for Maren's arm as he pulled out his phone. And still he hadn't glanced in the direction of the plane. He was turned toward the hangar.

"The plane is a diversion," Steele said into his mic. "He's covering himself in case this was a setup."

Even as he spoke, the roof of the hangar began retracting, sliding away to make a huge opening.

"Fuck, he's got a chopper in there," Cole said. "And no clear shot. I'm not high enough. We can't take him out now anyway if he's making a second phone call."

"I'm working on a signal lock," Donovan said. "If I can trace the call, we won't need that second phone call. Come on, come on," he muttered. "Talk to me, baby. Give me what I need."

It was obvious Donovan was sweet-talking his electronics, and not very successfully. The frustration was evident in his voice.

Caldwell handed the phone to Maren and then started guiding her toward the hangar. The helicopter's engine roared to life and the rotors began spinning.

"Jesus Christ, if there's anything loose, debris inside the damn hangar, tools, anything, she could be decapitated with the force of the winds from the blades," Joe said. "Caldwell is a stupid fuck!"

"I've got it!" Donovan shouted. "I've got a lock. I'm calling it in now."

"Fuck this. I'm going in," Steele said. No way in hell he was going to sit there while Caldwell took Maren away from him.

"There's still one guy in the SUV," Garrett warned. "Anyone have a bead on him?"

"I got him," Skylar said.

A moment later the glass shattered on the windshield but Steele was already running as fast as he could toward the hangar, determined to make it before it lifted off. To his surprise, Hancock was close on his heels.

A bullet hit the ground at Steele's feet, flinging up pieces of concrete.

"Sniper, get down!" Joe roared. "Came in nine o'clock. Someone get on it fast."

Gunfire erupted as the rest of KGI provided cover for Steele and Hancock as they bolted toward the hangar. They burst through the same door Caldwell had led Maren through just as the helicopter lifted off the ground and rose upward through the gaping opening in the roof.

"Do not shoot," Steele bellowed. "Maren's in that helicopter. Do not try to disable it!"

He lunged for the landing rail, barely managing to curl his fingers around it as it lifted higher. Hancock launched himself on the other side and the chopper rose above the roof, the two men hanging precariously from the rails.

As soon as the chopper cleared the roof, it zoomed forward and the ground spun dizzyingly below. Steele swung his legs up and then pulled himself the rest of the way so he was standing on the rail. As soon as his head cleared the opening, he saw Caldwell pointing a gun directly at him.

Before he could take evasive action, Maren launched herself at Caldwell, grabbing his wrist in an effort to prevent him from shooting Steele.

"No!" Steele roared. Goddamn it, he didn't want her to get herself shot.

Maren grappled with Caldwell and they spun around, each fighting for control. A shot sounded and he and Hancock both ducked. The helicopter dipped precariously, and it was then Steele saw that the bullet had shattered the control panel and the pilot was slumped forward.

Fuck!

Steele propelled himself up and inside the helicopter just as Caldwell shook Maren loose from his wrist.

"Give it up, Caldwell. Your pilot is dead. You aren't going anywhere and if you want to live, put the goddamn gun down so we can land this bitch."

He shouted the words so Caldwell would hear, but Caldwell was obviously beyond reason. He swung his arm wildly in Maren's direction.

"If I can't have her, neither will you. We'll all die," Caldwell screamed.

Steele threw himself at Caldwell, desperate to make the shot go wild, but he was too late. A shot rang out just as Steele collided with Caldwell. But fear for Maren took priority. He shook Caldwell loose and looked frantically in Maren's direction only to see her standing, pale as a ghost, hand covering her mouth as she looked down in horror.

Hancock was slumped on the floor, blood spreading rapidly over his chest. Holy fuck. Hancock had thrown himself between Maren and Caldwell and had taken the bullet meant for her.

Pain exploded in Steele's head and he reeled sideways. Caldwell was enraged and he stood silhouetted against the open doors of the helicopter, gun pointed down at Steele, who lay crumpled on the floor.

"I win," Caldwell said.

In a blur of motion, Maren flew at Caldwell, shoving him out the opening and into empty space. Steele watched in horror as she collided with him and then went tumbling out with him when his hand flailed and grabbed her arm.

"No!" Steele roared.

He lunged for the side, rage and grief knifing through his heart. He thrust his head over the side to see Caldwell plunging to the earth below. But no Maren. He shook his head as tears burned, blurring his vision. Then he heard her.

"Steele!"

It was a high-pitched scream that shook him from his numb shock. He glanced straight down and saw her dangling from the rail, her hands curled tight around it. Her legs dangled and whirled as the helicopter spun and dipped erratically.

He had no time to process his overwhelming relief that she hadn't plummeted to her death. She was barely hanging on and if he didn't get to her within seconds, she would fall.

"Hold on!" he shouted. "Hold on, damn it. Don't you dare let go, Maren. Do you hear me? Don't you let go!"

He inched his way over the edge, hooking his foot underneath the seat for leverage so he wouldn't fall. He strained down, his hand extending as far as he could go.

Damn it. He needed a few more inches, but if he loosened his foothold, he'd go with her and they'd both die.

"Maren, listen to me. On the count of three, let go with your right hand and reach for mine. Be quick and don't let go with your other hand. Can you do that? You have to reach me. Give me your hand. I swear I won't let you go."

She nodded, though terror blazed in her eyes. I love you, she mouthed.

Oh f**k no. There would be no farewells. No I love yous before dying. He wasn't going to let her die.

He strained down as far as he could, splaying his hand and stretching every muscle in his body. "One, two, three!"

She lurched upward, her hand glancing off his. Her fingers failed to wrap around his but he caught her wrist, gripping it so hard it was a wonder he hadn't broken it. But there was no way in hell he was letting her go.

"Now give me your other hand, Maren. Reach up and give it to me. I have to be able to pull you up. If I can get you high enough that you can put your feet on the bottom rail, you can stand up and crawl inside."

She nodded and then let go of the rail. The helicopter took a crazy swing, spinning rapidly like a drunken merry- go-round. She flailed and swung out and then slammed against the railing with her body.

He knew he had to be crushing the bones in her wrist, but his grip was the only thing between her life and death.

After their hands bounced off several times, he finally managed to grasp her fingers and then he worked his hand down so he now had both wrists in his grasp.

He pulled upward, using every ounce of his strength to pull her as high as he could so she could gain a foothold on the railing. His foot started to slide from where he had it tucked underneath the seat.

Fuck!

He inched downward and knew that either he had to let her go or they were both going to fall to their deaths. He locked gazes with her, his expression fierce. No f**king way he was letting her die alone. If they fell, he'd hold her the entire way and she'd know that he loved her with his very last breath. They might even get lucky and if she landed on top of him, there might be a slim chance she wouldn't be killed on impact.

Just as he was coming to terms with the fact they were both going to die, hands circled his ankles and began dragging him backward. Maren's eyes widened, going from resignation and acceptance to hope.

Steele renewed his efforts, pulling Maren upward with all his strength. The situation was made worse by the fact that the helicopter was spinning out of control and Maren was flapping in the wind. It was taking every bit of his strength, grit and determination not to let her go. He was all the way inside the helicopter with just his arms extending downward gripping Maren's wrists when Hancock leaned over him, lying on Steele's back as he reached to grab Maren's wrists just below where Steele held them.

Together they hauled her up and into the helicopter and Hancock promptly rolled away, blood smeared all over his chest. He was pale as death, and helping Steele had sapped his remaining strength.

"Pilot," Hancock gasped out. "No pilot. Going down. Controls are shot."

Steele dragged himself up and then hauled Maren to her feet. There was no time for relief or joy. They weren't out of the woods yet.

"Get belted in and hang on tight," Steele ground out. "I'm going to have to try to land us the best I can, but it's not going to be smooth and it'll be one hell of a bumpy landing."

CHAPTER 39

AS soon as Steele headed for the cockpit, Maren leaned over Hancock's body and began to pull him toward the seat. It took every bit of her strength, but she was wired on adrenaline and at the moment she could move a damn mountain.

Hancock's eyelids fluttered and he stared up at her in confusion as she began to prop him up so she could roll him onto the seat.

"What the f**k are you doing? Are you crazy? Get your ass belted in. Now!" he barked.

Only it came out so weakly it was more of a yip than an actual bark. Where before he might have sounded like a German shepherd, he now sounded like a Chihuahua. God, she was getting hysterical because she was actually considering what kind of dog he sounded like now.

Steele was in the cockpit after hauling the dead body of the pilot onto the floor. He was swearing a blue streak and Maren knew that wasn't good. Not at all.

"I'm getting you belted in. We're going to crash," she said calmly. She marveled at how nonchalant she sounded. As though she'd just said they were attending tea at some palace. Yeah, she was losing it.

"For fuck's sake, woman, I took a bullet for you. I'm going to be pissed if you kill yourself trying to buckle me in. Now get your ass in your seat and get your head down and cover it with your hands. Got me?"

She ignored him and pushed and pulled until she had him far enough onto the seat to secure the seat belt around him. Then she pushed in next to him and belted herself in. Before she could think of what to do next, Hancock shoved her down and covered her body with his.

She could feel the warmth of his blood against her skin. Could smell it. His pulse was weak. She'd been barely able to detect it when she'd briefly checked for one as she was dragging him from the floor. How he managed to even speak was beyond her, but the man had already proved to be somewhat of a superhuman. He and Steele were evidently cut from the same cloth.

"Going down!" Steele yelled from the front.

The rest was a blur. She almost expected one of those out-of-body moments where everything slowed and your life flashed before your eyes in episodic frames. But all she registered was shattering glass, a bone-shattering thud and the creak and screech of metal tearing. And then the world tilted sideways and she was slammed against the side of the helicopter, Hancock still draped over her.

And then silence.

Awful, overwhelming silence. She tried to move but she was trapped under Hancock's body and something was pinning him on top of her. She tried to reach to feel for a pulse, but she couldn't manage it. She had no idea if he was alive or dead, and the idea of being trapped underneath a dead man freaked her the hell out.

Which was stupid given that she was alive and she should be grateful for that much. She mentally went over every part of her body, trying to ascertain her level of injuries. And the baby. Oh God, her baby. Panic filled her and she closed her eyes, praying with every breath that nothing would happen to her child as a result of the crash.

Steele. Her senses were finally coming back to her, and now on the heels of the worry over her child came the knowledge that Steele could be dead or very seriously injured.

"Steele."

She tried to yell it but it came out as a low croak, her voice cracking. Pain lanced through her shoulders and she puzzled over it. She didn't feel injured. She didn't feel much of anything at all.

Shock.

She was in shock and as soon as it wore off, she was going to feel every one of her injuries even if she didn't know the extent or even what they were. Shock could be deadly, but she was thinking somewhat rationally. She sounded hysterical even to herself, but she'd just been in a helicopter crash, for God's sake. She deserved a little slack for that.

"Steele!" she said in a louder voice, and it was then she tasted blood and realized her words were slurred.

She closed her eyes and focused on calming her breathing and controlling her heart rate. She needed to calm down. And hope to hell someone rescued them fast.

CHAPTER 40

STEELE came to awareness with an awful buzzing sound in his ears. His head hurt like a bitch and he was numb everywhere else. He tried to shake the cobwebs cluttering his mind and as his vision cleared, he saw glass, blood and crumpled metal, and he was tilted to the left staring up at the right side of the helicopter.

It was lying on its side and he was trapped by the caved-in frame of the chopper. But he was alive. And on the heels of that revelation came utter despair and panic.

Maren.

She'd been in the back. He had no way of getting to her. No way of moving. He could move his right arm, but his left was pinned against the side of the chopper and his legs were trapped by the caved-in control panel.

He tried to calm the roaring panic that gripped him. He had to think straight. He had to figure out a way out of this mess and get to Maren. She could be seriously injured. He needed to get her to a hospital. Hancock had been shot and was already looking bad. It was doubtful he'd even survived the crash. He wouldn't consider that Maren had been killed. He couldn't think about that or he'd go insane.

The teams were there. They had to have seen the helicopter go down. They'd be here soon. Only minutes had passed, hadn't they? He'd lost consciousness and had no idea of the passage of time, but the others were close so not much time could have passed or they'd already be on the scene.

"Maren," he called, his voice hoarse and thready. "Maren, can you hear me? Talk to me, please. Let me know you're back there."

There was a long silence and with each passing second, darkness filled his soul.

"Steele?"

Oh God. Relief was crushing. He went weak, sagging and closing his eyes. It was weak, barely audible, and yet his name was the sweetest thing he'd ever heard.

"Yes, honey, it's me. Are you okay? Don't move, okay? Help is on the way. They'll be here in any minute. Any idea how bad your injuries are?"

"I don't know," she said weakly. "I can't move. Hancock is on top of me and I'm pinned between him and the side of the helicopter. I can't really feel anything. I know I'm in shock. I felt a little pain in my shoulder when I tried to move but nothing else."

"Stay put," Steele, said, worry seizing him. "Don't move at all. We don't want to risk you injuring yourself further. Hold on, Maren. Please, baby. For me."

"What about you?" she asked slowly, each word seemingly difficult for her to get out. It worried him that she sounded so weak. But if he could keep her talking, then he could distract her from everything else. And he'd keep her with him. He didn't want her slipping away. What if she had a head injury? What if she lost consciousness and never regained it?

"I think I'm good," he said, not knowing if it was a lie, but no way in hell was he going to give her any reason to worry. He wanted her focused on herself. "Pinned like you, but I'm not in any pain. Just can't move. We'll be out soon."

"I don't know if Hancock is alive," she choked out. "His blood is all over me. I can smell it. I can taste it. I can't reach to feel for a pulse, but he covered me, trying to protect me when we went down."

"Thank God," Steele whispered. No matter the history KGI had with Hancock, despite his dislike of the man, he'd taken a bullet meant for Maren and now he'd shielded her with his own body. Twice he'd saved her life, risking his own in the process. It was a debt Steele could never hope to repay.

"Steele! Steele!"

Steele heard a shout close to the helicopter and relief flooded him. Sam was yelling at the top of his lungs, and if Sam was here, the rest of KGI was here too.

"I'm here," Steele called. "Trapped. Can't move. Maren is alive but she's pinned between Hancock and the side of the helicopter. Hancock is in bad shape. He took a bullet for Maren and then he covered her with his body when we went down. I don't even know if he's still breathing. We need help immediately."

"I've called in every f**king available resource," Sam said. "We'll get you out, man, just stay with me, okay? Don't you dare f**king die on me."

"That's one order I'll gladly follow," Steele said dryly.

The helicopter shook and metal creaked.

"Be careful," Steele barked. "Be very careful. I don't want Maren more injured and we have no idea the extent of her injuries. I don't want her hurt more by you trying to pull her out."

"I can climb in the top," Donovan called out. "If I can get to Hancock and Maren, I'll put a C collar on Maren and I'll see if Hancock is alive. If he's not, then we'll pull him out so we can get to Maren. For that matter, a neck injury is the least of Hancock's worries if he took a bullet to the chest. There's blood goddamn everywhere back here. We'll get him out and then I'll see to Maren."

"Be careful with her, Donovan. I'm trusting you with my entire life," Steele said, his voice aching with emotion.

"I know, man," Donovan said. "I know. You know I'll get it done."

Steele closed his eyes, pain swamping him. Now that he knew Maren would be taken care of, he let go and pain splintered through his body until he wanted to scream. He was precariously close to losing control. Pain. Overwhelming fear for Maren. Helplessness. Never in his life had he been in a situation where he was absolutely at the mercy of others. He hated being trapped, unable to move. Unable to go to Maren and reassure her, touch her and let her know he was there and wouldn't leave her.

"Hancock's alive," Donovan called out. "But he's in bad shape. ETA on a med evac unit is ten minutes. He's bleeding like a stuck pig. I can't tell if the blood on Maren is his or hers or both."

"What about Maren?" Steele ground out.

"I'm okay, Steele."

Her soft voice slid like silk over his ears and he closed his eyes, inhaling deeply as sweet relief eased some of the pain racking his body.

"Okay, sweetheart, I'm going to put a C collar on you and then we're going to try to pry the metal from around your legs so we can get you out of here. I need you to be extremely still for me and relax as much as you can. I know that's asking a lot, but I need you to be calm and cooperate," Donovan said in a gentle voice.

"I think it's just my shoulder," Maren replied. "It hurts. Can't move it. But I'm worried about the baby, Donovan. Can you tell if I'm bleeding? Please, I have to know."

Steele's heart clenched and he squeezed his eyes shut as he whispered a fervent prayer. He'd never prayed for something so hard in his life as he prayed for his child to be okay.

"I'll cut away your pants. Is that all right?" Donovan asked in a soothing tone. "It's just me, Maren. No one else is looking. I'll see if you have any vag**al bleeding and then I'll cover you with a blanket and get you out of here, okay?"

"Okay," she whispered back.

It seemed an eternity for Steele. It was too damn quiet. No sounds came from the back and each second was torture.

"I don't see any bleeding, Maren. How are you feeling? Any cramping or pain in your abdomen?"

There was a long silence, almost as if she were weighing his words and doing a self-exam. Then finally, "No, I don't think so. It's just my shoulder. I can't move my left shoulder. If I try, the pain is unbearable."

"Okay, we'll be careful. Hancock has been removed now, and now we're going to focus on you. This might hurt, Maren. But we'll be as quick and as gentle as possible."

"What about Steele," she said in a choppy voice. "I'm okay. Just my shoulder. You said I wasn't bleeding. Most of the blood is from Hancock. You need to get Steele out first. I can wait."

"No!" Steele bellowed. "Goddamn it, Maren. You need to get to a hospital so you and the baby can be checked out. I'm fine. Now cooperate with Donovan and let him get you the hell away from here."

"Impossible, stubborn man," Maren growled.

Donovan chuckled. "As much as I agree with your assessment, he's right. You're the priority here. They're working on Hancock and doing what they can to save him. Med flight should be here any minute to take him away. But you're next. Steele can wait. The bastard is too stubborn to die anyway, so you don't need to worry about him. No way in hell he's going to leave you and the baby."

"Damn straight," Steele bit out. "Now stop the chitchat and get her the f**k out of the chopper and do an assessment of her injuries. She needs to be treated for shock and transported to a hospital stat."

"I'm the medic here," Donovan said dryly. "And Maren is an MD. I think between us we can handle this without you taking charge. You have zilch in the way of medical training."

Maren sucked in a deep breath as she looked up at the warm encouragement in Donovan's eyes. There was concern, yes, but she didn't see fear or doubt. He was at ease, doing his best to keep her calm and to keep Steele from completely losing it. She appreciated that. She reached for Donovan's hand and squeezed, surprised at how little strength she had.

Garrett pushed into the already cramped space, and he and Donovan put all their strength and effort into freeing Maren from the crumpled metal. She winced but refused to cry out, biting into her lip until she drew blood. She refused to add to Steele's worry. He was already losing his mind over not being able to get to her.

Garrett's entire face grew red, the veins distended in his brow and his lips and jaw clenched tight. His muscles bulged and strained and he let out a shout as he pushed at the resisting metal that had folded over her legs.

As soon as there was enough of a gap, Donovan roughly yanked her from the seat, and this time she couldn't halt the scream of pain as agony shot through her shoulder and up into her neck.

"What the fuck?" Steele raged.

She sucked in steadying breaths, blinking back the tears of pain. Her chest heaved with exertion as she tried to get it together so she could reassure Steele.

"I'm fine," she gasped.

Donovan looked agonized, regret brimming in his green eyes. "God, I'm sorry, Maren. I had to hurry. Garrett wasn't going to be able to hold it forever."

He lifted her gently and crawled awkwardly up the floor of the helicopter to the side facing up, where Sam waited. Donovan passed Maren to Sam, who enfolded her in his arms.

Ethan wrapped a blanket firmly around her, taking care not to bump her shoulder, and Sam carried her toward a waiting vehicle.

"Steele," she protested. "You can't just leave him. He's hurt."

"Shhh, Maren. We aren't leaving him. Donovan, Garrett and Ethan are working with Steele's team to get him out. It's possible we'll have to wait for a rescue crew with the right tools to cut him out of the cockpit, but they'll be with him every step of the way."

"I need to be with him," she whispered. "I don't want him to think I left. He needs me."

Sam eased her into the passenger seat of the SUV and wrapped the blanket more firmly around her. The engine had been running and the heat was going full blast despite the sultry temperature outside.

"EMS has already airlifted Hancock. They landed while we were getting you out of the chopper. You need to be in the hospital, Maren, and Steele would be the first person to tell you so. He's going to cooperate a hell of a lot better if he knows you're being taken care of. So do us all a favor and let us get you to the hospital so you can get checked out."

Through her muddled thoughts, guilt surged. She hadn't even asked about her parents. Fear knotted in her belly and the words stuck in her throat as she tried to ask what she dreaded most.

She clutched Sam's sleeve, clutching it and bunching the material into a fist.

"My parents, Sam. What about my mom and dad?"

He touched her cheek and stroked soothingly. "We have a team on the way. Donovan was able to get a lock on the location when Caldwell made the call. I'll let you know the minute we hear anything. Now, the most important thing is to get you to the hospital."

He secured the seat belt around her and made sure her head rested comfortably with the C collar around her neck. Then he hurried around to the driver's side and got in. Seconds later, they roared off and Maren stared numbly out the window at the passing scenery.

She couldn't even take it all in. Caldwell was dead. She'd killed a man, and she didn't have a single regret. Hancock was at death's door after saving her. Twice. Steele was trapped in the cockpit of the helicopter after doing his best to land it safely. But they were alive.

Sweet relief whispered through her veins and she closed her eyes, suddenly exhausted beyond measure. She could no longer even hold her head up and let it sag against the headrest.

She dimly registered a phone ringing and Sam speaking in low tones. She felt drowsy, out of it. Like she was separated from her body and was only half aware of what was going on around her.

And she was cold. So very cold. Her bones were like ice and she was freezing from the inside out. She feared she'd never be warm again.

"Maren."

Her eyelids were heavy. Too heavy to open and she ignored the person calling her name.

"Maren, honey, I need you to wake up and stay with me. I have good news. Open your eyes so I know you understand me."

Drowsily, she forced her eyes open, her stare directed ahead as she was unable to turn her head in Sam's direction because of the C collar.

He reached over and curled his hand over hers. It was a warm shock. So very warm and comforting. She wanted to keep holding it. Allow his heat to bleed into her body.

"Your parents are okay, Maren. Nathan just reported in. Your mom's fine and they're taking your dad to the hospital. I'll take you there so you can be in the same place. But don't worry. They don't feel it's anything serious. It's more of a precaution than anything. He's bruised, but he's doing well."

Tears slid down her cheeks and her eyelids shut as she inhaled and exhaled in deep, forceful breaths.

"Thank God," she whispered. "Oh God, Sam. I was so worried I'd never see them again. And now it's over. They're okay. Caldwell is dead. It's really over."

"It's over," he agreed. "You never have to worry about him again, Maren. He's no longer a threat to anyone."

Her breath stuttered erratically over her lips as she tried to hold the sobs at bay.

"I'm sorry. I'm a complete wreck," she babbled out.

Sam squeezed her hand again. "Honey, you were kidnapped, shot at, fell from a helicopter, and then crashed. I think you're entitled to be a little rattled."

She laughed shakily. "When you put it that way, you have a point."

"Let's get you to the hospital so they can check you over and make sure you and the baby are fine," Sam said. "Steele won't be far behind. I promise."

CHAPTER 41

STEELE sat in Maren's darkened hospital room, chair pulled up to her bed while her mother was sleeping on the tiny sofa on the far wall. He hurt like a motherfucker, but he'd refused pain medication because he didn't want to be out of it when Maren came around.

He had multiple broken ribs and three broken fingers, thankfully on his left hand and it wasn't his trigger finger on his right. He'd sustained a concussion and the doctor had wanted to admit him for observation, but Steele had flatly refused. He was going to be in the hospital anyway. But there was no way in hell he was going to be separated from Maren.

After they'd patched him up in the ER, bound his ribs, taped his three fingers together in a splint and given him a list of symptoms to be wary of, he'd made quick work of finding where they'd put Maren and he'd been there ever since.

He'd met Maren's mother, and it was obvious the apple didn't fall very far from the tree. Diana Scofield was intelligent, warm and loving and it was obvious she had a heart the size of Alaska. She'd taken one look at Steele and immediately enfolded him in a hug that rivaled any he'd ever received.

It was a bittersweet moment, because he'd been taken back to a time when his own mother had hugged him. Diana's acceptance of him had been immediate, and the two had spent an hour conversing about Maren, the baby and what Steele's intentions were.

Then Diana had dragged Steele into her husband's hospital room and introduced them. Matthew Scofield had grilled Steele mercilessly about his plans regarding Maren and the baby. Only when Steele had assured him that he would follow Maren to the ends of the earth if that was what it took did Matthew relax. He was welcomed to the family with enthusiasm, and then Diana had a FaceTime call from Maren's brother.

So for a third time Steele found himself grilled by a doting family member. Maren's brother had been concerned and ready to leave at a moment's notice, but Diana had assured him there was no need. Diana set up a time for Kevin to call back so that he could talk to Maren when she awakened.

By the time Steele made it back to Maren's room, accompanied by Diana, he was put-a-fork-in-me done. He sank into a chair he pulled to her bedside and lowered his head into his hands. He drifted in and out of consciousness, thinking of all the doctor had said about Maren.

She'd dislocated her shoulder and he'd wrapped and secured it in place after popping it back into joint. It had been an excruciatingly painful experience for Maren, and her screams of pain still haunted Steele. But once the shoulder was back in place, her pain had considerably lessened and she'd drifted into a drug-induced slumber.

They'd given her a feel-good cocktail, as the nurse had jokingly labeled it. Something to relax her and take the edge off and something for pain. Whatever it was, it had worked. Too well. Maren had been out cold for three hours now and Steele was growing impatient waiting for her to awaken so he could see for himself that she was okay.

As soon as she came around, they were going to do a sonogram to check and see how the baby was doing, and he was eager to see his child for the first time. But first he wanted visual confirmation that Maren was okay. He wanted her to wake up and for the first thing she saw to be him sitting there at her bedside, and to know that he loved her.

He eased his hand onto the bed and gently curled his fingers around her limp hand, wanting that physical contact more for himself than for her. He needed reassurance. He'd never been so scared in his life as when the helicopter had gone down, spiraling out of control, and he'd been helpless to prevent it. The thought that she could have died in the crash was a dark patch in his soul that had yet to fade.

He needed her to wake up, so he could tell her he loved her again. He wanted to tell her when there were no fears of her being taken by Caldwell. No fears of them both dying in a crash. He wanted to give her those words when there was nothing but him and her and nothing but the confirmation of the fact that she was his life.

Excitement surged in his veins when her fingers tightened around his. He immediately glanced up, looking for any sign that she was awakening. She let out a soft sigh and turned her head in his direction and then-the most beautiful sight in the world. Her eyelashes fluttered sluggishly and then opened, and he looked into the most gorgeous blue eyes he'd ever seen.

She smiled and he went weak with relief. A surge of emotion overwhelmed him and he felt the betraying sting of tears burning his eyelids. He blinked rapidly, determined that she not see his devastation. He wanted only to give her reassurance. His love. And the knowledge that they'd made it. They were okay.

"Steele," she whispered.

He leaned forward, unable to keep from getting closer. He pressed his lips to her forehead and left them there, closing his eyes as he mentally said a prayer of thanks.

"Thank God, you're okay," she said, her voice growing stronger. "I was so worried. Oh God, Steele, you can't imagine what I thought. They took me away from you and I didn't know if you were okay, or how badly you were injured."

"I'm fine," he said gruffly. "Nothing a few days with a certain doctor to take care of me won't cure."

As he drew away, she smiled, joy and relief shining like stars in her eyes. And then they dimmed and her hand automatically lowered to her belly.

"The baby?" she asked anxiously.

"So far so good," he said, eager to ease her fears. "They said as soon as you woke up they're going to do a sonogram. What do you say? Ready to meet our child for the first time?"

Her face lit up, her smile outshining the sun. "Oh yes, I'd love that more than anything."

"Your mom is here. She's sleeping on the couch in your room."

Anxiety replaced the radiant joy and her expression dimmed. "My dad? How is my dad? Sam said they got my parents out, but he didn't know anything else. Just that they were taking him to the hospital."

"He's fine," Steele soothed. "Just a little banged up, but he's already putting up a fuss wanting to get the hell out of the hospital, and he wants to see his daughter."

Relief shone once again in her gaze and she sagged against the pillows.

"It's over," she said softly.

He kissed her again and then captured her hand once more, squeezing. "Yeah, it's over."

"Hancock?" she asked fearfully.

"He's in surgery. It was touch and go. He lost a lot of blood. Nicked a lung but missed his heart. Prognosis is good but we'll know more when he's out of surgery."

"He saved my life," she murmured.

"Yeah. I owe the bastard now. But it's a debt I'll gladly pay. And you saved mine, Maren. It was the most foolish thing you've ever done. God, when I saw you fall out of the helicopter with him, I died a thousand deaths. I thought I'd lost you. You can't imagine what that did to me. Swear to God, if you ever pull a stunt like that again, I'll tie you to my bed and never let you leave the house."

She smiled and laced her fingers through his. "That's not exactly a punishment, you know."

He relaxed and moved in closer, just wanting to be nearer to her. He stroked her hair, caressed her face, reassuring himself that she was here, alive. She was his, and he was damn sure never going to let her go.

"Maren?"

Maren turned in the direction of her mother's voice, and then suddenly Diana flew to the bed and Steele moved away so she could be on Maren's uninjured side.

"Oh my baby, thank God, you're all right."

Diana enfolded Maren in a hug the best she could without jostling her bound shoulder. Tears ran freely down Diana's face as she and Maren wept together, holding on to one another as if they'd never let go.

"I'm so glad you and Dad are okay," Maren choked out. "I would have never forgiven myself if something had happened to you because of me."

"Shhhh, don't say that. You're not to blame for that maniac's doings. And he's gone now. He can't ever hurt you again."

"When can I see Dad?" Maren asked anxiously.

Diana smiled ruefully. "If he has his way, he'll be here as soon as humanly possible. He's had the entire floor in an uproar. You know him. He's a terrible patient. He's telling the nurses how to do their job. Ever the doctor. He questioned the credentials of the doctor in charge of your care. He wanted only the best. He's bruised and banged up, but nothing serious. No broken bones. Nothing that won't heal in a week or so."

"Thank God," Maren whispered fervently. "I love you, Mom. I've missed you so much."

Diana squeezed her again. "Your young man has sat at your bedside when he very much needs to be in a hospital bed himself. He's in far worse shape than your father and they've admitted him. But Steele refused anything beyond cursory treatment in the ER because he couldn't wait to get to you."

Maren looked beyond her mother and found Steele's gaze, love and a watery sheen shining in her eyes.

"He's a good man," Diana said. "You chose well, Maren. He'll protect you and your child with his life. A mother can't ask for more than that for her daughter."

"I know," Maren said softly, her gaze still locked with Steele's.

Diana pulled away and then glanced at Steele, understanding in her eyes.

"I'm going to go back and check on your father. Maybe he'll calm down now that you're awake and I can tell him you're doing just fine."

Maren squeezed her mother's hand. "I love you, Mom. Tell Dad I love him and that I'll see him soon."

Diana leaned down to kiss Maren's cheek and then she turned and to Steele's surprise and befuddlement, she wrapped her arms around him and hugged him tightly before going up on tiptoe to kiss his cheek.

"Take care of my baby," she said fiercely.

"Never doubt it," Steele said in a grave tone.

Diana turned back to smile at Maren and then left the room.

"When can we do the sonogram?" Maren asked anxiously.

"I'll go tell the nurse you're awake. I knew you'd want to see the baby as soon as you woke, so I made sure they had the portable sonogram moved to the floor. I'll go get her now so she can page the sonogram tech, and then you and I will meet our child. Together."

CHAPTER 42

MAREN lay in the hospital bed, Steele standing at her side, his fingers laced tightly with hers as the sonogram tech pressed the wand to her belly.

"Want to find out what you're having while I'm poking around?" the younger man asked.

Maren automatically looked up to Steele, a silent question in her eyes.

"Yeah," Steele said, eagerness in his expression. "I'd love to know. Unless you'd rather not?"

"No, I want to know too," she whispered.

Anticipation gripped her. She squeezed Steele's hand even tighter and he added a second hand to hers, sandwiching her hand between his.

The tech smeared gel on her belly and slid the wand around, pressing in at certain spots as he watched the monitor. Maren's gaze was glued to the screen, holding her breath as she waited for confirmation of that tiny life inside her.

"There's the heartbeat," the tech said, pointing at the blip at the bottom.

Tears filled her eyes and the screen went blurry. The tech poked and prodded, positioning the wand as he took a series of shots.

"I'd say the little tyke is doing just fine," the tech said. "Now let's see if I can get him or her to cooperate and show us if it's a boy or a girl."

The next seconds seemed a lifetime as the tech angled and pressed. The images didn't seem real. The tech pointed out features. The beating heart. The head, legs and arms. It was pure magic. This was their child, alive and well, safely ensconced in her womb.

"Ah, here we go," the tech said, a smile broadening his features. "Looks like we have a little girl. See? No penis. And she's not modest at all. No mistaking here. She's definitely showing us all she has."

Maren heard Steele's sudden intake of breath and her heart lurched. Had he wanted a boy? Was he disappointed? But when she looked up, she was floored by the glitter of tears that shone brightly in Steele's eyes. He looked enraptured. His gaze was riveted to the monitor and he looked so shaken, so in love, that her own throat knotted as she watched his reaction to the news he was having a daughter.

"A daughter," he whispered, the words choked and broken.

Then he lowered his gaze to Maren and she was struck by the depth of emotion in his eyes. Not just for the image of their daughter. But for her. His love for her shone like a beacon, so unmistakable that she was overcome.

He leaned down and kissed her, sweet and infinitely tender. As soon as the tech wiped the gel from her belly and began putting away the equipment, Steele slid his hand over her belly, cupping it possessively. Then he broke away from her and bent to press a kiss to her abdomen.

"A daughter," he said again, so much awe in his voice that she smiled.

"What in the world are you going to do with a daughter?" she teased.

Steele straightened, a panicked look entering his eyes. "Oh shit. Boys. Oh hell no. She's not dating until she's thirty."

Maren laughed. "Don't you think you're being a little overzealous?"

He was utterly serious when he shook his head.

Neither noticed when the tech rolled the sonogram out of the room and shut the door, leaving the two alone.

Steele pulled the chair back to the side of her bed, positioning it as close as he could manage, and then he leaned over the bed, grasping her hand in his.

"I love you, Maren. You scared the hell out of me. I love you more than I ever thought it possible to love another person. I care deeply for my team. I care about KGI. I respect them and they have my loyalty. But nothing compares to what I feel for you. You have my love, Maren. You'll always have it."

She breathed in deep, savoring the heartfelt words. He said them in an almost awed tone, as if he didn't quite understand it himself and marveled at the idea of feeling so deeply for another person.

"I love you too," she said softly. "So very much, Steele."

"This isn't the way I wanted to do this," he said in a gruff, uncertain tone.

She cocked her head, studying his expression, the sudden unease and the uncertainty that crept into his gaze.

"I'm not good at romance stuff. I don't have a lot of experience with it. I'm not in touch with what women want or expect when it comes to this stuff. I can only tell you what it is I want more than I want my next breath."

Her pulse bounded and her heart leapt. "And what do you want, Steele?"

"You," he said bluntly. "Forever. Mine. With me. Wherever life takes us. I want my life to be with you. Marry me, Maren. Let's make a family together. Let's make it official and have a wedding that will make me want to crawl out of my skin and invite your family and my team and all of KGI. The details don't matter. I want you to have whatever it is you want. All I want out of the deal is you. And our daughter."

She sucked in her breath, staring in awe at the sincerity blazing in those intense blue eyes. He wanted forever. He wanted her. He wanted to get married.

The longer she took to answer, the more agitated he looked. She swallowed back the huge knot growing in her throat and nodded and then finally found her voice. "Yes. Oh yes, Steele. I want that more than anything."

"Thank fuck," he muttered. "I was scared to death you wouldn't want the same thing I wanted. I was scared to death of losing you. Of me not being what you wanted. Or you not needing me as desperately as I need you."

She reached to touch his face, lightly running her fingers over the firm cheekbone and then down to his jaw.

"I love you, Steele. I want to be with you. But what about our jobs? What do we do?"

His expression grew serious. "Home is wherever you are, Maren. I'd like for us to stay at my place until after the baby is born and is old enough to travel. Then, if you want to go back into the field, I'll go with you. I never want to hold you back. You're a damn good doctor and I want you to be happy doing what you love. If that means relocating to be with you, then I'd do it. No regrets. I'd never look back."

"And KGI? What about that?"

He hesitated a moment but then looked her squarely in the eye. "You are more important to me than KGI. You and our child. I'd walk away in a heartbeat if it's what would make you happy. If it made you feel more secure. My job is dangerous, Maren. There are no guarantees when I leave on a mission that I'll come back. If you can't live with that uncertainty, then I'll give it up. I never want you to feel that you come second to anything else in my life."

"Oh God, you have to stop," she said with a sniffle. "You're going to make me cry!"

"I only want you," he said quietly. "Everything else is meaningless unless you're with me."

She continued to stroke his face, fanning out her fingers as she gazed lovingly at him.

"I know how much you love your job. It's a calling. Just like my job is. It's who we are and it's not fair for either of us to change who we are just to be together. For now, and for a while after our daughter is born, I'd like to stay with you. In Tennessee. I want my parents and my brother to see my daughter and spend time with them. I want to go visit them and have them visit us. I want to be a bigger part of the KGI family instead of being on the periphery and only seeing them when they come to me for medical treatment. I'm sure I can find something to keep me occupied while you're off saving the world."

"You could open your own practice in Dover," Steele said. "I talked to Sam, Garrett and Donovan about it. KGI needs a doctor. We have three teams now and we need an onsite doctor. Also, Doc Campbell is talking about retiring, but he's a hands-on doctor. He still makes house calls. He has a rural clinic. I think you and he have a lot in common. You could talk to him about working with him and maybe taking over his practice when he retires. The possibilities are endless. I don't want your talents to go to waste. You're too good a doctor for that, and I know you wouldn't be happy not practicing medicine. It's who you are, just like KGI is who I am."

Excitement crept up her spine. The idea of practicing medicine and working with and near Steele was hugely appealing. Plus she liked the members of KGI. And working in a rural clinic and even making house calls was precisely what she'd been doing for the last several years of her life.

"I like that idea," she said. "It would be perfect. We could stay in Tennessee until our daughter is older and then decide whether I want to go back into the field. Who's to say that I won't have another child after this one?"

A look of savage satisfaction crossed Steele's face. His eyes blazed and utter contentment settled over his features.

"Never thought this would ever come out of my mouth, but I'd love to have more than one. I loved having an older brother."

Pain briefly registered in his eyes as he thought about his own brother. Maren touched his face again, and he leaned into her palm, turning so he pressed a kiss to the inside of her hand.

"Our daughter would need a playmate. Not that she wouldn't have plenty of those with all the Kellys popping out children. By the time our daughter is born, who knows how many more Kellys will be scheduled to make their appearances."

Maren laughed. "You're probably right about that. I know Sam would love another child. And it's only a matter of time before Garrett and Sarah start thinking about babies. I've seen Sarah with Charlotte and she's hooked."

"So you'll marry me and move into my house? Or would you prefer to live closer to the compound? I can sell my place and build whatever you want."

God, she loved this man. And it was obvious he loved her just as much. He was willing to make so many sacrifices because he wanted her happy.

She shook her head. "I love your house. It's perfect. The perfect hideaway when we want to escape the world and just be together."

He leaned in and brushed his mouth softly across hers. "I like the way you think. But you still haven't given me my answer."

"I did too!" she said in exasperation.

"Tell me again," he said, his expression growing serious. "I need to hear it, Maren. Give me the words again."

"Yes, I'll marry you, Steele. I love you so much. I'll marry you whenever and however you want. I'll elope to Vegas if that's what you want. As long as the end result is that you're my husband and I belong to you, nothing else matters."

He captured her lips in a long, seeking kiss. It wasn't as gentle as before and he poured the depth of his emotion into it. His love with every breath. Their tongues tangled and he sucked and licked at her lips, tasting and nibbling as he explored every inch of her mouth.

"I love you," he said hoarsely. "I'll never love anyone else the way I love you."

"That's good, because I plan on keeping you around for a very long time. I did the impossible."

He reared back, giving her a puzzled look.

"I took down the ice man," she said with a smile.

He grinned back. "Damn straight you did."

CHAPTER 43

"WHY'D you do it, Hancock?" Steele asked bluntly.

He was standing by Hancock's bed, and the man looked like shit. He'd already been beat to hell and back by Maksimov's henchmen, and that was before taking a bullet and then being pulverized in the helicopter crash.

Hancock slowly trained his gaze on Steele, steadily regarding him. Steele engaged in the staredown, neither man speaking as they felt each other out.

"You complaining because I saved your woman?" Hancock asked mockingly.

"I owe you," Steele said grudgingly. "And I'm sure you'll collect."

"Oh, I'll call my marker in. One day," Hancock said. "But for now you can rest easy. I'm out of commission for a while, and then I'm going after Maksimov."

"Who do you work for, Hancock? I can't figure you out. One minute you're a flaming a**hole and the next you're Captain Fucking America."

Hancock made a derisive sound. "I leave the Captain America crap to your KGI. We all have the same job, Steele. We just have different ways of getting it done. You think your missions are righteous. I think mine are. Who's right? Who's wrong? Does it really f**king matter who I work for? It probably sticks in your throat, but we're on the same side. We just have different methods. And while you work strictly for Uncle Sam and the private sector, I work for the greater good. That's not always Uncle Sam. Vipers are everywhere. Your government isn't immune."

"My government? It's your government too," Steele pointed out.

Hancock's face became stony. "I don't claim a government that when it decided for political reasons that they no longer wanted to risk Titan becoming a liability, we became expendable. They labeled us traitors and did their damnedest to take us out. But they were the traitors. Selling out and f**king over the American people. My government? No f**king way."

"And yet you take missions to bring down people who are a direct threat to national security," Steele said.

"I don't give a f**k about politicians and bureaucrats. But I do care about innocent lives, American and non-American. The world is a better place without Farnsworth. Without Caldwell. And it'll sure as hell be a better place without Maksimov. You may not agree with my methods, but in the end, our goals are the same."

Steele frowned, not liking that Hancock had a point. Steele was no Boy Scout, and he could hardly point the finger at Hancock when he himself had made choices steeped in shadows.

"Take care of yourself," Steele said grudgingly.

Hancock cocked an eyebrow. "You and the doc out of here?"

"Yeah, I'm taking her home."

Something flickered in Hancock's eyes, but it was gone almost before Steele registered the slight reaction.

"I'll look you up when I want to call in that marker," Hancock said.

"Just make damn sure you don't bring trouble to my doorstep," Steele warned. "I won't hesitate to take you out if you pose any danger to my family."

"Duly noted."

Steele turned and started to walk out and then paused at the door. He swiveled around to find Hancock still watching him.

"You got a way out of this place when they cut you loose?"

Hancock's brows rose mockingly. "You offering me a ride?"

"Don't be a dick. You're a lone wolf. If you need a place ..." Steele broke off, indecision gripping him. But the man had saved Maren. Three times if you counted the fact that he'd gotten her out before Caldwell went completely off the deep end. "If you need somewhere to crash until you recover, you're welcome at my place."

Hancock stared back at Steele for a long moment, and Steele could swear that he'd actually caught the other man off guard.

"Maybe I'll take you up on that," Hancock murmured.

EPILOGUE

STEELE waited nervously at the end of the aisle, anxious for Maren to make her appearance. They'd decided to marry in the church the Kellys had attended for generations. It was a perfect church. Old, whitewashed, something out of the eighteen hundreds. There was a cemetery in back with headstones dating back hundreds of years.

Everyone was there, and by "everyone," he literally meant everyone who meant anything to Maren and him. The entire Kelly clan had gathered, Rusty and Sean included. Skylar and Edge were there as was Rio and his entire team.

Steele's team stood with him. Every single one of them. They were all acting as his best men. P.J. was there, the only difference was that she stood across the aisle on the bride's side, along with the Kelly wives, all of whom Maren had asked to stand with her.

Maren's brother and mother sat on the front pew of the bride's side. Everyone else filled the church, not paying attention to which side they sat on. They were each important to both Steele and Maren, no differentiation was made.

Steele's breath caught and held when the doors at the end of the aisle opened and there stood Maren, on the arm of her father, looking so beautiful that he was dumbstruck. Music played in the background, but it didn't fully register. All he was focused on was that Maren was slowly walking down the aisle. To him.

When Maren and her father reached the front of the church, just a few feet from where Steele stood, her father kissed her cheek, tears glittering brightly in his eyes. Maren hadn't worn a veil, and Steele was glad because he didn't want any part of her beautiful face obscured. He wanted to see her eyes, see the love for him shining in their depths.

Her father then took her hand, pulling her toward Steele. As Steele reached to take her from her father, Matthew Scofield said to Steele, in a low voice, "You are getting one of my greatest blessings in my life. Take care of her and love her always."

"Yes, sir," Steele said gravely. "She is my life."

Nodding his satisfaction, her father stepped back and went to join Maren's mother and brother in the front pew.

And there was Maren. Standing next to him, so radiant and breathtaking that it was like being punched in the stomach. Her smile lit up the entire church. There was such joy and ... peace ... in her eyes. And love. Most of all love. All for him. It still awed him. This woman loved him, accepted him. She had his back and was fiercely protective of him. For God's sake, it was his job, his duty, his honor to protect and love her, but damned if she wasn't just as fiercely protective of him. She amazed him every single day, and he'd never take that love and support for granted. It was a gift he'd cherish for the rest of his life and beyond.

He hadn't wanted to wait to marry her. He'd wanted her tied to him the minute she was released from the hospital, but she'd wanted to wait until they were both completely healed. She'd been adamant that she wasn't walking down the aisle with a sling, nor would he marry her with broken ribs and his fingers in a splint.

So they'd spent their recovery together at his home in peace and solitude, discovering each other more with each passing day, confirming their growing love. Those days were special, ones he wouldn't trade for anything. And now he was glad they'd waited, because he wanted nothing to interfere with their honeymoon. And he was definitely taking her on a honeymoon. Just the two of them. Somewhere private where he could spend his days making love to her with no impediments.

His gaze dropped to the now discernible bulge at her waist and he felt the betraying sting of tears. God, he couldn't lose it. Not now. Not on the most important day of his life. He couldn't lose it in front of his team and the others. But she undid him. The knowledge of their daughter resting in her womb overwhelmed him.

Their daughter. Their child. His family.

Maren squeezed his arm, her eyes softening, almost as if she knew exactly what he was feeling. Then she nodded toward the waiting minister, indicating they were all waiting for him to proceed.

It was then that he defied convention. He knew there were set rules about ceremonies. Hell, they'd even had a rehearsal-as if he needed to be coached on how to marry a woman that meant the world to him.

But none of that mattered. He couldn't go another moment without holding her. Without kissing her and telling her he loved her. Now. Right now. Even before their vows.

He pulled her into his arms so that their child was solidly between them. His throat closed in when he felt the faint patter of a kick, almost as if their daughter understood what was happening. He lowered his mouth to Maren's, kissing her softly at first and then more deeply, allowing every emotion to bleed into that kiss.

She sighed into his mouth. He heard light chuckles from the pews, but he ignored everything but the gorgeous woman in his arms. Shining brighter than the sun. Her love for him. There was nothing that compared.

The only thing lacking from this day was his own family. His parents and his brother, Griffin. But somehow he knew they were up there, smiling down on him and Maren and their daughter. He knew his father would be proud of him. He knew his mother would have loved Maren as much as he did.

When he finally pulled away, there must have been something in his eyes that told Maren what he was thinking. She reached up, ignoring protocol every bit as much as he was, and stroked her hand over his cheek and then down to his jaw.

"They're here," she whispered. "They've always been with you. And though I know you love and miss them, you do have family. Everyone here."

She turned, gesturing to the assembled congregation, her smile warm and soft and so filled with love.

"They're all your family. Mine too. We're lucky, Steele. So very lucky. And now you have me and our daughter. You'll always have us."

The minister cleared his throat and there were smiles from his team and the Kelly wives who stood on either side of Maren and Steele, but he ignored them again as he pulled Maren to him one last time. The last time he'd hold her before they were officially pronounced man and wife.

"I love you," he said fiercely. "Of anything I ever give you, know this above all else: You will always have my love."

She smiled back, uncaring as he was that they were holding up the ceremony. "And you'll always have mine, Jackson Steele. Now, what do you say we get married?"

TWO MONTHS LATER

Steele stood anxiously by Maren's bedside, her fingers firmly entwined with his as she breathed through another contraction. God, how much longer would this go on? He'd been there when Rachel Kelly had delivered the twins, but it hadn't taken this long, had it?

No, she'd had a C-section. It hadn't taken but a few hours. Maren had been in labor for eighteen hours. Eighteen of the longest hours of his goddamn life. She had to be suffering. Her face was pale and sweaty, and yet she looked utterly serene, her eyes warm and full of love, even as she breathed through her contractions. She was taking this a hell of a lot better than he was, because he was about to lose his mind.

"How much longer?" he demanded, turning to the nurse.

The nurse smiled indulgently as if she were well used to harried husbands in the delivery room.

"Not long. She's fully dilated. The doctor is on his way now."

"He needs to hurry the hell up," Steele muttered. "What if he doesn't make it in time?"

Maren laughed and he marveled that she could possibly find amusement when her body was wracked with pain and she was exhausted from the long labor.

"If the doctor doesn't make it on time, then I'll still have the baby, Steele. Women do it all the time. I'm sure the nurse has plenty of experience in delivering babies."

Steele scowled. "No way in hell I want our daughter delivered except by a qualified professional."

The nurse sent him a look and snorted. "I'll pretend I didn't just hear that."

Maren's hand squeezed lightly over his. "It'll be fine, Steele."

Damn but he was a miserable failure at this. It should be him offering her comfort and reassurance. She'd been at this for so long and yet she was the one calming him. He crowded in closer to her, already recognizing the signs of another contraction. Maren went silent, her face pinched as she bore down. She closed her eyes and inhaled short breaths and then puffed them out again.

Her hand tightened around his, squeezing until he knew he'd bear marks from her fingernails. But he didn't care. Hell, she could do whatever she needed. Any discomfort he felt was minimal compared to what she was going through.

He looked desperately at the nurse. "Isn't there anything you can do? She's hurting, damn it."

The nurse's gaze softened. "Childbirth isn't painless, Mr. Steele. But Mrs. Steele is handling it very well. And as I said, it won't be long now. I paged the doctor already and he'll be here shortly. We're preparing her for the pushing stage."

He felt himself go pale. "Pushing stage? That sounds ... bad."

Maren laughed again. "If I don't push, this baby will never be born, honey. It has to come out some way."

He winced. "It still sounds painful as hell. What can I do, Maren? Tell me and I'll do it, I swear. Tell me how I can make it better for you."

Her eyes went soft with love. "You're already doing it, Steele. You're here. You love me. You're holding my hand and offering me your support. That's all you can do. The rest is up to nature. Try to relax. It won't be long now, and you'll be holding our daughter."

He went still, dazed by the image of a tiny newborn infant, a miniature replica of Maren. He glanced down at his hands. Hands that could so easily hurt a fragile baby. What if he hurt her? What if he held her wrong? He'd only held one baby and that was for less than a minute when one of Rachel's babies had been thrust into his arms.

"You're thinking way too much," Maren said, amusement thick in her voice. "Relax, Steele."

Then she went silent again as another contraction gripped her. This one was stronger this time and it took longer. She was tense, her face a mask of pain and concentration. A small groan escaped, the first sound of distress that she'd made since her labor began.

He tamped down his panic. She didn't need him to lose his shit now of all times. He was supposed to be the rock. The strong one. She was supposed to be leaning on him, not the other way around.

He bent and slipped his arm underneath her shoulders, lifting slightly and tightening his hold as he gripped her palm with his free hand.

"We're almost there, honey. Just a little while longer. You can do this, Maren. You're so damn strong. God, I'm so proud of you. Just think. In a short while we'll meet our daughter."

She sent him a grateful look and he mentally kicked himself in the ass for being such a pansy up to now. This was what she needed from him. Unwavering support. And she was damn well going to get it.

"Hold me like that," she panted. "It's more comfortable if I can lean up." She glanced up at the nurse. "I need to push. Is the doctor coming? It's time. I can't stop it. I have to push."

Okay, that didn't help his panic, but he called upon the stoicism he was legendary for and didn't let any of his fear show. He schooled his features and focused on Maren. He kissed her forehead and then wiped the hair from her sweaty brow.

The nurse stepped between her legs and then her eyes widened. "Yep, it's definitely time. You're crowning."

Then, as if she hadn't just dropped such a bomb-at least it was a panic-inducing bomb to Steele-she briskly lifted one of Maren's legs into one of the stirrups. She gestured toward Steele, her intention clear that she wanted Steele to place her other leg in the stirrup. But that would require Steele letting go of Maren, and that wasn't going to happen. He scowled and shook his head. The nurse rolled her eyes and then went to Maren's other side and promptly positioned her leg accordingly.

Just then Doc Campbell strolled in, looking unhurried. He glanced at the nurse and then at Maren.

"I'd say it's time, young lady. How about we get to the business of birthing this baby?"

Steele sighed in relief. He had to admit, he hadn't been thrilled when Maren had insisted that Doc Campbell be the one to deliver their child. He wasn't an obstetrician and he was older than dirt. But Maren had started working with him, slowly taking over his practice and Doc Campbell had scaled back on his hours, giving Maren more of the workload as she gained her bearings and got to know the community he served. As a result, she'd wanted him to deliver their baby. She trusted him, and the old man loved her instantly. As long as he safely delivered their child, Steele could deal. But at the first sign of problems, he was going to demand an obstetrician take over.

Maren squeezed Steele's hand and struggled to sit up more. He didn't know how in the hell it could possibly be comfortable to put her chin so far toward her chest with her legs in those damn contraptions, but she seemed to want it that way so he gently helped her, supporting her back and pushing in closer so she was nestled against him.

"When the next contraction begins, I want you to take a deep breath and hold it and push," Doc Campbell said as he pulled on gloves.

Maren nodded and then tensed. Steele immediately went on alert. This was it. Holy shit, but this was it. Soon he'd be holding his daughter. It boggled his mind and damn near knocked him to his knees.

Maren let out a grunt and then bore down, intense concentration showing on her face, the strain evident as her face reddened with exertion. The nurse counted to ten and then told Maren to breathe out and wait for the next.

There was a next? Shouldn't that be it? He looked around in bewilderment. Doc Campbell looked nonplussed.

"These things take time, son. Although it looks like this little lady will be here quicker than most."

"Quicker?" Steele said hoarsely. "How the hell is eighteen hours 'quick'?"

"He means the pushing stage," Maren said breathlessly. "Sometimes it takes a lot of pushing before the baby comes. What he means is that I'm not going to have to push through many more contractions before she's here."

None of it made a damn bit of sense, but he clamped his lips shut and focused on the only thing he could do. Supporting Maren. Making her as comfortable as he could.

Three more contractions, Maren pushed, the nurse counting. At one point, Maren sagged backward, her strength seemingly sapped. The panic button went off again and Steele gathered her near, his face close to hers, his eyes staring into hers.

"You can do this, Maren. It won't be long. You said it yourself. Stay with me, baby. Be strong. This is almost over with."

She smiled faintly and then a sound of pain that damn near gutted him slipped past her lips and she bore down again, her face reddening, her entire body tensing.

It went longer this time, and Maren let out a sound that sent a chill down Steele's spine.

"What's wrong?" he demanded. "What the hell is happening ?"

"Head's out," Doc Campbell said with a huge smile.

There was a suction sound and both the doctor and nurse were focused between Maren's legs.

"You can go see," Maren whispered. "I'm fine, Steele. The worst is over. One more push and she'll be here. Go watch our daughter being born."

He was torn between his desire to remain right where he was and the overwhelming urge to watch his daughter enter the world. Maren nudged him, making the decision for him. He moved toward the end of the bed, his eyes widening as he saw the baby's head cradled in the doctor's palm.

Suddenly she slid fully out in a rush of fluid, blood and God only knew what else. Safely into Doc Campbell's waiting hands. The nurse immediately began to wipe her down, stimulating her and then the sound of a baby's cry went up.

It was the most beautiful sound Steele had ever heard in his life.

"Want to cut the cord, son?" Doc Campbell said, extending an instrument toward Steele.

Steele froze. "What?"

"Cut the cord," Doc Campbell said impatiently. "Right here. Just snip."

With shaking hands, Steele did as he was directed and then the nurse took over, clamping the umbilical cord and taking the baby to wrap her in a blanket. The next moment, the nurse handed the baby over to Steele and he was holding his daughter.

His daughter.

His perfect, beautiful, red faced, gorgeous, squirming little girl.

"Thought you might want to hand her to her mama," the nurse said quietly.

Oh yeah, he did. No one else. He wanted to be the one to place their daughter in Maren's arms for the first time.

Reverently, he stepped toward the head of the bed where Maren lay against her pillow, looking tired but elated. He leaned down, gently placing their daughter into her arms.

Maren's entire face lit up, so brilliant, so much joy that it almost hurt to look. He leaned down with her so they could both hold her and then Maren slipped her gown down, guiding the baby to her breast.

Steele watched in fascination as instinct took over and their daughter rooted and finally latched on, taking her first sips of her mother's milk. Oh, he knew it wasn't milk. Yet. Maren had explained all the intricacies of labor and delivery, throwing around terms like colostrum and a whole host of other things that didn't make any damn sense to him. He left all the medical terms to her. He was only interested in the end result.

Maren and their daughter in his arms, his family.

"She's beautiful," Steele said huskily.

"Yeah, she is," Maren whispered. "We did it, Steele."

"No, you did it," he corrected her. "You must be exhausted."

She gave him a tired smile. "I am, but she was so worth it, don't you think?"

"Yeah. Absolutely."

As he gazed down at the two most important women in his life, he realized just how quickly someone could fall in love. In two seconds flat, that little girl held his heart right in her tiny hands and she'd never let it go.

"I love you," he said gruffly, pressing his mouth to her temple. "Love you so damn much, Maren."

"Love you too," she said in a voice strained with fatigue but with all the gentleness and love that made her who she was.

God, he loved this woman. He couldn't remember his life before her. Didn't want to remember it or go back there. He only wanted to look forward. To a future brighter than the sun. Nothing was better than this. Right here, right now. There was never going to be a day more special than this one.

After the placenta was delivered and Maren was cleaned up, the nurse said they'd be taking the baby to the nursery for all the stuff-whatever that was-they did with newborns. Steele frowned. Oh hell no. Not before he got to show her off.

He glanced down, seeing that his daughter had loosened her hold on Maren's nipple and had closed her eyes. Maren too had closed her eyes and so he carefully picked up the precious bundle, cradling her against his chest.

Without saying a word-he damn sure wasn't going to ask permission to take his daughter to see everyone who was anxiously awaiting her arrival-he walked out of the room and down the corridor to the waiting area.

The nurse started to protest, but Doc Campbell held up his hand. "Let him go. Give him a few minutes. The baby will be fine."

Steele shouldered his way into the waiting room and every eye turned toward him. His team was there. Every single one of them. The Kellys were there. Maren's parents. All gathered, just as they'd gathered all those months ago when Rachel had delivered the twins. He was a part of this now. It baffled him and humbled him all at the same time.

He stared at them all and smiled. Really smiled. A smile that no one in this room likely ever thought him capable of.

"I want you to meet my daughter," he said proudly. "The most beautiful baby ever born."

Laughter went up. Cameras clicked, cell phones were held up to capture the moment where the ice man met the one thing guaranteed to melt him into a puddle on the floor.

A beautiful six-pound, eight-ounce baby girl.

