Chapter One

"Carter," Mom mumbles as I struggle to carry her up the stairs. "I'm sowwy."

I tighten my grip around her waist, not surprised she sounds like a three-year-old. Still, it's not a fun thing to go through. Every time I come home to this, it's a fist to the gut. Like someone's tied my hands behind my back and is swinging at me. Like my mom is punching me in the gut over and over until I'm puking up blood.

But the kicker? I know how sorry she is.

This isn't what she wants, who she is, or who she wants to be.

People think alcoholics are violent. They don't hold down jobs or they're out drinking every night. No offense to the people who believe that, but they don't know jack. Sometimes, people do it to deal. Because fate sat down and decided, 'hey, let's see how much shit we can throw at this person before they break.' Before all the skinned knees and bruised limbs keep them from getting up after one last fall.

At times like this, it feels like Mom is broken, but tomorrow she'll be fine. 99% of the time, she's the one taking care of everyone and everything, so I tell myself, once in a while, I can be strong enough to take care of her.

"It's okay, Ma. Let's get you to bed so you can get some sleep."

It's always like this when Bill, my sister's dad, takes Sara for his part of the joint custody. It's hard for Mom to let her go. Just another way life dealt her a bad hand, in her mind. Which I don't get. He only lives five streets down and it's not like Bill isn't a good guy. He loves Sara just as much as she does. He would have loved Mom too, but she could never get over losing my dad.

On the last stair, our feet tangle. "Shit." Both of us almost dive headfirst into the landing, but I manage to catch us. Luckily she doesn't seem to notice. Probably thinks we're on ride at the fair. Mom's always liked the rides.

Getting my footing, I head toward her room. Even half hanging in my arms she's out cold, snoring in my ear, the scent of alcohol burning deep into my memory and stinging my nose. When I finally make it to her room, I lay her down. She kicks her foot when I try to pull off one of her shoes. "Come on, Ma. Let me get your shoes off."

My voice seems to soothe her because she stills. "Tommy," she sighs. You'd think it would be strange to hear her moan my dead dad's name, but she does when she gets like this. I'm the closest thing she has to him.

One shoe drops to the ground, followed by the other. I pull the blanket up to her chin.

"Carter...sowwy. Love yooou." Then it's another snore. My stomach wants to retch like I'm the one who took a few too many Tequila shots tonight.

This sucks. Sucks so f**king much. But what am I gonna do? Tomorrow she'll be fine and I probably won't have to worry about this again for a little while. It's not often she drinks the whole time Sara's gone, even though that's the only time she has to do it. And when she does it? It's always this. I'm pretty sure there are people in the world who were never meant to touch alcohol. She's one of them. She can't do the one-drink thing. One always turns into two, three, four, and five.

Another lesson I've learned: you don't have to drink every day to be an alcoholic. Even though I hide it, even though I never bring it up to her and act like it doesn't happen, I know this isn't normal. Most people will never in their lives have to carry their drunk parent to bed. People always say it's good to be different. Screw that. I want to be like everyone else. And when Mom isn't drinking, I can pretend I am.

I bend over and kiss her forehead. "Night, Ma. I love you, too." Blood pumps fiercely through my veins, but my voice is calm. My whole body itches, like it's about to bust out of my skin. Who was that Avenger guy? The Incredible Hulk-it's like that. I want to burst free from myself. Transform into that big ass green guy and thrash whatever's in sight.

It's after ten at night, but I don't care. I can't sit in my room-in this house where the air is thick with the tang of alcohol. A scent no one else would notice, but one that makes me want to explode. My basketball is waiting by the door. One scoop and I have it in my hand, slamming it into the ground bounce after bounce until I'm in the driveway.

I dribble, spin like someone's guarding me, shove off an invisible player then run at the basket. As soon my feet are off the ground, I'm free. There's no one but me, the ball, and the basket. No tangy scent, no tears to make me feel guilty for being angry. No sister who always smiles because she's sheltered from the shit that rains down on us. Which is what I want, by the way. Her to be sheltered. Sara doesn't deserve the clouds. I want her to have the sunshine.

When the ball slides through the hoop, I catch it and start again. Over and over I run at the basket. Free throws, three pointers, lay-ups. My feet slam against the pavement the way I want to throw my fist through a wall. Sweat stings my eyes, but I keep going. Keep going until there's nothing left in me to give.

***

"Carter f**king Shaw. What's up, homey?" Travis nudges me from behind, then rubs his eyes. I, on the other hand, am trying not to laugh my ass off at him.

"Homey? Did someone forget to tell me it's 'Back to the 90's' day or something?"

Travis twists his Kings hat around backward. "Homey is a cool word. I already brought sexy back, so now I'm bringing homey."

"Dude, you can't bring the Kings back, what makes you think you can bring back homey?" I flick the hat off his head.

"Whatever." Travis shoves me, but I'm too busy laughing at him trying to pick up his hat to care. When he retrieves it, he slides it back on, and by then we're at our lockers down senior hall. "So, what's up? Where's your girl? Did she loosen the leash enough to let you walk to your locker by yourself?"

All I have to do is give him a look and he nods his head, knowing his girlfriend, Trina, is just as bad as my Mel is. What is it with girls? Is it too much to ask for a little room to breathe? The thing is, it might be different if Melanie were ever really here when she's here, but she's not. Don't get me wrong, I know Mel is into me, but she's into herself more. I pretend not to notice because, honestly, it works all right for me. I have enough to deal with.

Right as the first bell rings, Mel and Trina join us. It's a reminder of one reason I stick around: Mel is hot. A little less so because she's hot and she knows it, but not enough to take away the fact that she's gorgeous. I'm pretty sure it's a California State law that everything has to look good on Mel. Her red hair is long and straight just like her legs and unlike the short skirt she's wearing.

"Hey, baby," she says, taking my mouth. I let the kiss linger, sucking the strawberry gloss off her lips.

"Hey." I'm not sure if she even hears me because she's already saying something to Trina. Like a basketball, Trina passes back to me, Mel's attention shifts again.

"Carter, your hair is messy and your jeans are all wrinkled. You look like you just rolled out of bed." She grabs for my hair, probably planning to try and flatten it, but I kind of jerk my head away before she can touch it.

"Rawr. I just wanted to help."

Ugh. I hate that. If you aren't a pissed-off cat, you shouldn't make noises like one. "Sorry. Didn't sleep well. Got up early." I shrug.

The halls are starting to clear out by now. We all have the same first period, so we start down the hall together. I make myself hang toward the back.

"Come on, baby. We're gonna be late," Melanie says.

"Yeah, baby. Hurry your ass up," Travis teases.

I flip him off. "Go ahead. I gotta check on something."

A few seconds later, they're gone. That's how easy it is. I'm not sure if it's because I'm good at pretending everything's perfect or they don't pay attention, but it's never been hard to keep my secrets. Sucks to know the one thing I'm good at is lying. Well, lying and basketball.

When the halls are silent, I dig my cell out of my pocket and dial, that familiar punched-in-the-gut feeling teasing me.

"Delilah's Hideaway, this is Delilah speaking."

The internal knot loosens. All it takes is one word, the sound of her voice over the phone. One quick glance in person and I can tell if she's had a drink that day. So far, she's fine. If I hadn't been too chicken, I would have known that this morning, but I couldn't make myself stay home long enough to see her. "Hey, Ma. Just wanted to tell you I might be a little late this afternoon. Is that okay?"

Another lie. What I really should say is, I needed to make sure you weren't too hung over to leave the house, but that would be acknowledging the big, dark secret we pretend doesn't exist.

"Sure, kiddo. You don't even have to come in, if you don't want. I don't mind staying all day."

In other words, she feels guilty, which makes me feel guilty. It's not her fault. If her dad hadn't been such a jerk, or my dad hadn't died, or Sara didn't have problems, she wouldn't be so stressed. She wouldn't have to work so hard or need to get away in the only way she can.

"No, I don't mind." But then I think better of my answer. Being at work is better for her than being at home. She can't drink at the store. No one knows how she gets. What she does. Our secrets belong to me and the walls of our house. It's the only place she ever drinks. "Unless..." Like most of the time, I don't know which way to go. What's the right thing to do? Everything in my life is different shades of gray, so for now, I wing it. "I'll call you later and let you know, k?"

"Okay." Pause. "I love you, Carter."

"I love you too, Ma." And I do. There is no doubt in her words, either. Does it make it harder or easier? I don't know.

I hang up my phone and run to class.

The morning crawls by like only a day in school can. By lunch time, I'm already dragging, my eyes burning because I stayed up way too late last night. I'm a sleeper. Nothing better than letting the world go black for hours on end, but when my mind is racing, my blood rushing, it's impossible. When I have a bad night, there's a switch in my head that won't turn off. I hit the button, but it doesn't shut down, overflowing my head with all the crap I don't want to think about.

"Carter, why are you so quiet today?" Mel squeezes my leg. We're eating outside, which is the only place we eat when we stay at school. There are a ton of tables, but we always take the spot on the hill. Trina keeps a blanket in her locker so she and Mel don't get dirty and we always chill here.

"I told you, I'm tired." I rub my eyes.

"You sleep like the freaking dead. I don't know how you can be tired."

I shrug because there's no answer I can give her.

"You should come over today after school. My parents won't be home. We can take a nap, then maybe do some homework or something." She lays her head on my shoulder. This is the Mel I like. The one who makes things easier instead of more work. It's not often she isn't pointing out all my flaws, or worrying about what everyone thinks. So when she goes through this little transformation, I savor it.

"Maybe. I might have to go to the store and help my mom." My fingers thread through her soft hair and I close my eyes. These are the moments I can be the Carter everyone sees. My problems are gone and I'm the guy with the hot girlfriend, good friends, and who is known as the basketball God. Right now, all I know, all I feel, is her softness.

"You're going to mess up my hair, baby." Mel ducks her head away and grabs my hand instead. "And that's why you're tired. School, working with your mom. What are you going to do when basketball practice starts tomorrow? Your mom shouldn't make you work. It's kind of selfish."

Spell broken.

Softness gone.

Walls up.

I toss a quick glance at Travis and Trina. Travis is trying to pretend he can't hear us, but Trina's eyes flick back and forth between the two of us. I don't care. "Not all of us are spoiled, Mel. Mom isn't trying to torture me. She needs my help."

"Why can't she hire someone else?"

"Why do you give a shit?" I feel like the Hulk again. All itchy and tight in my own skin. My mom-defenses rear up. She doesn't understand how hard it is for Mom-holding it all together and running her own store. Mel's mom has never had to work a day in her life. I mean, it's not like we're poor or anything, but we're also not loaded like Mel..

"Why do I care? I'm your girlfriend, Carter. I'm just looking out for you." She rolls her eyes.

In her own way, I kind of think she is. Still...I also know Mel looks out for herself more than anyone else and she doesn't want to be known as the girl with the boyfriend who's never around.

I stand up. "Whatever. Just don't bring her into it. She doesn't make me work. I do it because I want to."

Travis stands up, too. "All right, All right. Simmer down, you two." He pats me on the chest. "Shaw didn't get his beauty rest last night so he's a grump. Mel, kiss him and make it better or something. You guys are seriously screwing with my chill right now."

As soon as he finishes, the bell rings. Mel rises to her feet, Trina right behind her, before saying, "Whatever," and walking away.

"Uuuugh. Thanks, bro. Now I'm going to have to hear it from Trina, too. Don't you know if Mel is mad at you, Trina is mad at me by default? This is what happens when I have your back. Now I'm going to have to kiss T and make it better...oh, wait. Why am I complaining? Makin' up is fun."

Travis laughs, making me laugh too. "You're such a douche," I tell him.

"Aww, I think that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me." He pretends to wipe his eyes while we head back into school.

I'm dragging my feet because I really don't want to go to English today. Actually, I don't want to go to English any day, but especially today. "You ready for practice tomorrow?" I ask.

"Yep. Senior year. We're going to own it." We own every year, but he's right. This one is going to be the best. Electricity zaps through me at the thought of getting on the court again. Hearing the crowd scream for us. Knowing it's the one thing that's mine. There's nothing like it.

"Coach said he's heard talk of scouts coming to check us out."

"Obviously, we're the shit."

We laugh and slip into class right before the bell rings. I take my seat in the back corner of the room behind Travis. Sinking into the chair, I fit myself so I'm right behind him as though it will somehow make me invisible.

"New girl, twelve o'clock," Travis mutters.

It's more like one o'clock, but who's counting? There's a girl standing by the door wearing some long hippie-looking skirt and a pair of combat boots. She's kind of exotic looking, with light brown skin and tons of thin, long black braids with purple tinting here and there. She's thin, but curvy in all the places girls should have curves.

Cute. Not the most gorgeous girl in the world, but definitely cute.

She hands a sheet of paper to Mrs. Z, who skims over it briefly. "Class, this is Kira. Kira, this is the class." Mrs. Z smirks. She's cool. Too bad she teaches, English, the worst class in history.

"You can sit in the back. Take the empty desk next to Carter, the guy with the messy brown hair." She points to me. "You might have to give him a kick once in a while because Mr. Shaw likes to fall asleep in my class, but other than that, he's okay."

Kira smiles before walking back and falling into the seat beside me.

"Don't worry, I don't kick too hard," she whispers at me.

Looking to the side, I smirk. "I fight back."

"Okay, then I do kick hard. That way you can't get up."

A laugh kind of tumbles out of my mouth. Her words surprise me. "I'll remember that."

"Good idea."

Mrs. Z starts talking and I slide back down into my seat. I miss half of what she says, trying to keep from falling asleep. I don't know how they expect anyone to stay awake through Shakespeare during normal circumstances, but I'm functioning on about an hour and a half of sleep here.

All sorts of stupid Shakespearian names start blurring together. Crap about symbolism and metaphors no one really understands anyway. My struggle to keep my eyes pried open gets harder and harder until the bell ringing jerks me awake and I realize I lost the battle.

Kira is standing up, pulling on her lime green backpack. All sorts of different pictures are drawn on it with marker.

"You didn't kick," pops out of my mouth.

She shrugs. "Figured I'd give you a pass. I've heard it's not nice to kick people on your first day."

Travis slips up next to me. "Hey. I'm Travis. Welcome and all that stuff. Sorry, but I gotta steal my boy before I go crazy because his girlfriend won't stop blowing up my phone."

I fight a groan.

"Actually, I'm going to steal 'your boy'," Mrs. Z's voice sounds from beside us. This time, I really can't hold it in. Just what I don't need right now. Travis nudges my arm and laughs. Kira is right behind him as they sneak out of class. Me? I'm trying to slow down my jack-hammering heart.

"So...basketball starts tomorrow?" Mrs. Z sits on my desk.

"Yep. Senior year. Have to make it count so I can get into a good college next year." College is a good thing to throw into a conversation like this, right? Suck up a little.

"Good grades will do that too, Mr. Shaw. You're not doing so well in my class. Missing assignments."

My heart pounds harder. Don't do this. Please don't f**king do this. "I'll get my grade up. Extra credit. Whatever it takes."

She sighs. "Carter, is there anything you want to tell me? I can help. If I can't, I'll find someone who can. You're a smart boy. There's nothing wrong if you don't underst--"

My hands tighten into a fist. "It's fine. Everything's fine. I don't need help. I'll fix it. Whatever I have to do, I'll fix it." My voice sounds as tight as my fists are. I can't lose basketball. Can't.

"You need to fix it because if you don't, I can't let you play. I know how much you love basketball and I've seen you on the court. I know how good you are, but there are more important things. One of them being your education."

A breath finds its way from my lungs. No questions. No lies. "I know. I've been screwing around, but I won't anymore."

She gives me a quick nod and holds a folder out to me. "It's early in the year so it shouldn't be hard for you to get on track. I shouldn't...but I'll let you make up your missed assignments. If you do that and keep track of what we're working on now, you'll be okay."

I take the folder. No, things are never okay. Not for long.

Chapter Two

I let Mom cover at the shop tonight. With the way I feel about basketball and everything else, there's no way I can be there, helping little old ladies pick their favorite candle scent or a book on poetry. Sometimes I wonder if Mom wants to be there because she knows it will be easier if she's working late and not at home where it's easy to grab the vodka she keeps hidden in a box, under my old baby blankets in her closet. Is that a sign, I wonder? If there's some way I've driven her to this place in her life-where she wants to forget everything so instead of grabbing a basketball, like I do, she chooses to get lost in a bottle.

My backpack sits under the hoop on the far end of the court. Each time I run that way, see it sitting there with the work I know I should be doing, I push harder, run harder. My cell is going crazy, ringing and beeping every two seconds. But instead of answering, I jump, letting the ball roll off my fingertips just right. It arcs in the air, hitting nothing but the bottom of the net.

Five more minutes. Then I'll go over to Mel's to apologize, then head home to bust my ass learning Hamlet and reading books that will have no effect on my life whatsoever.

My muscles are tight, Mrs. Z's words from today slamming into me.

Mom's apology from last night taunts me.

Instead of grabbing the ball, I start running lines. From one side of the court, to the free throw line, and back. Three point line and back. Half court, and then owning the other side too. By the time I'm done, my lungs ache, but in a good way. My way. Not giving a shit that I'm in the middle of a public basketball court, at a park, I collapse on the ground, one arm covering my eyes.

The warm pavement feels good against my back, seeping through my shirt. There's a part of me that's screaming at my muscles to move, to make myself get up and do all the stuff that I don't want to do, but nothing happens.

My phone goes off again. Mel's going to kill me. I need to talk to her. It's not her fault I was in a bad mood today. Not her fault I stayed up all night then took it out on her. In a way, she's like basketball for me. An escape. Maybe a much moodier escape, but one all the same.

As soon as I make the decision to get up and go see her, I hear a voice. "Second time in one day I could have kicked you. You sleep a lot."

My arm drops. Kira is standing above me, the setting sun peeking out from behind her. "I didn't fall asleep in art," I say. "That has to count for something." She'd been in my art class this afternoon too. "And I'm not sleeping now. Just resting." I stand up.

"Yeah, you were in the zone out there."

"Practice starts tomorrow. Just getting ready." I look around to see if anyone else is watching that I didn't know about. We're both quiet for a few seconds. I'm not sure what to say to this girl I don't know, I lift my arm to scratch my head instead of talking.

"Is the team any good? At my old school they sucked pretty bad. It was embarrassing."

This is something I can talk about. "We're the best. Probably take the conference this year, at least. It won't be embarrassing to cheer us on."

She laughs, and I wonder what I said that's so funny. "I'm not the rah-rah kind of girl."

I take a step back, my eyes darting to the ground. Words lost to me. It takes me a minute, and then I wonder what I'm doing. Why am I letting myself clam up like I've never talked to a girl before? Raising my head, my eyes find hers. "That's because you've never had me to cheer for." I wink at her, playing the game.

"No!" she shakes her head, laughing. It's a real laugh. Not one of those fake I-want-your-attention laughs. "Don't do that. Bring back the guy who was so into the game. The one who obviously loves what he's doing and actually cares about something. Don't be a stereotypical, cocky teenage boy."

My mouth opens. Closes. Opens again, but nothing comes out. The urge to scratch my head again comes back, but I don't let myself do it. Who is this girl? I've talked to her for a total of like 2.2 seconds my whole life, and she talks to me like we're long lost buddies or something. Am I slipping? No. Just lost step a bit. "I'm allowed to be cocky because I'm good. I can back it up. You'll see once you watch me play."

For the millionth time my phone goes off. Mel, she's who I need to see right now. I'll get lost in her, make up for being a jerk earlier, and then get down to the folder in my backpack that I don't want to see. "That's my girlfriend. I better go. You need a ride anywhere?" The words just come out, but I regret them afterward. Mel will kick my ass if I let this girl in my car. Drama is the last thing I need.

Luckily for me, Kira shakes her head. "Nope. It's a gorgeous day for a walk. Plus, I don't take rides from strangers." She winks and walks away, leaving me behind to wonder what just happened.

***

"I'm sorry." The words jump out of my mouth the second Mel opens the door. "I was being a jerk earlier. I just...I had a really bad night, but I shouldn't have taken it out on you." This is something I don't like admitting, even to myself, but there's a piece of me screaming to break free that wants her to ask me what happened. To ask why I had a bad night so I can tell her. Actually speak the freaking words that are bottled up inside me like a shaken up coke can. Once the top is popped, I'm scared it will all burst out, spilling over and making my life sticky-more of a mess than it already is.

But that would mean needing her. Showing her I'm not the guy she thinks I am. Not an option for me. Probably not an option for her, either, so even if she does wonder, I know I can't tell her. Even if I could do it to myself, I couldn't do it to Mom.

She looks at her nails, studying them in mock-nonchalance. "You're right, you shouldn't have. Basketball starts soon. Cheerleading, too, and on top of it all, you work. We'll never see each other and when we do, I don't want to spend that time fighting with you."

I step forward. My voice drops a little. "I know, baby. I said I'm sorry. Forgive me?" I wrap my arms around her neck. When she nods against my chest, I let out a heavy breath. I need this...the dose of normal Mel gives me. Or, at least, to pretend or make myself forget Mom, forget the homework.

She lifts her face, giving me permission to kiss her. The second our lips touch it takes me away and makes me forget the sound of Mom's voice when she said she was sorry. The look on her face when I wrapped my arm around her to help her up the stairs. Behind the bloodshot eyes, I saw her-the real her that hates herself for what she does.

Forget that I can lose basketball. The only thing that means as much to me as Mom or Sara.

Trying to push those thoughts away, I deepen the kiss. Mel's hand weaves through my hair before she pulls away, kicking the door shut behind her and leading me to her living room couch.

An hour and a whole lot of making out later, I come up for air. "I should go," I tell her. "I have a ton of homework to do. Gotta keep my grades up for basketball." Keep them up, not pull them up, because Mel doesn't know how badly I'm flunking English.

"No." She kisses me again. "For one second, forget basketball." Another kiss. "Homework can wait. I'm more important. Let's go upstairs."

It's me who kisses her this time. I know I shouldn't, but I do exactly what she says.

***

I don't get home until 8:45. My backpack still taunts me, whispering that I should have come home earlier. There's so much work to do in English alone that I'll never get caught up if I don't start now.

Mom's blue Toyota sits in the driveway. She can't have been home for very long since the shop closes at eight. Still, nervous energy skitters through my veins. Adrenaline, but not the good kind that makes me feel like I can fly on the court. More like the one that overdoses me until I feel like puking. Or having a heart attack. Or both. No matter how much I know she's not an everyday drinker, or how much I know an episode like last night usually buys me some time before it happens again, I still think about it every day. Always wondering which version of Mom I'm coming home to.

"Mom?" I push the door closed and head toward the kitchen. Luckily, it doesn't smell like alcohol, but Chinese food. My stomach growls. I could so go for some Chinese right now. She knows it's my favorite.

"Hey, you." Her voice is high-pitched and way over excited. "How was your day?"

That cracked-out feeling slips away with those two sentences. This is Mom. Guilty Mom, but still Mom. "Good. How about you?" I head over to where she's standing, Chinese food on the counter in front of her. "I'm starved." When I reach my hand for the carton, she playfully smacks it away.

"Sit down. I'll fix you a plate."

Now this isn't normal. Mom's an equal opportunity employer. I've been carrying my weight-hell, more than my weight-ever since I can remember.

Guilt. That's what this is. Does it make me a jerk that I'm going to sit my butt down, let her fix me a plate, and enjoy it?

Tossing my backpack to the floor by the table, I fall into one of the red and black checkered chairs. After putting a huge plate of pork fried rice, chow Mein, and sweet and sour pork in front of me, she sits down.

"My day was okay. We were pretty busy, which is always good."

Mom's store is kind of a mish-mash of any and everything. She sells books, those little knickknack things that people put all over their house for no reason, some arts and crafts stuff. She paints and sells some of her stuff there, too, though she hasn't been doing it much lately.

"Cool." I shovel a mouthful in.

"What about you? Anything new? How's Melanie doing? I don't see her much."

That's because I try to keep her away. Not that I can say that. For some reason, it just doesn't feel right having Mel around my mom. I'm freaked Mel will figure me out if she spends too much time with her. Plus, Sara doesn't really like Mel, which is crazy because Sara likes everyone. Not that Melanie's exactly kid-friendly, if you know what I mean.

My shoulders rise and fall in a shrug. "She's busy. School, cheer's starting."

We're quiet for a few minutes, but it's the good quiet. One where I don't feel darkness tingeing the corners of it. Right now, I can just chill, none of the weight trying to crumble me.

"Speaking of cheer...I know that means basketball, too. I've been thinking; it's your senior year. I want you to enjoy it. With school, your friends, and basketball, working at the shop might be too much."

My eyes snap up to hers. "Huh?" I've always, always worked in the shop. Not every day. Usually we split the evenings. Mom will bring Sara with her or they'll spend the evening at home and I work. It's the way things have been for a few years.

"Carter." She grabs my hand, squeezing it tight. "You're a good kid. You work hard. You help at home. You deserve a little break. It's not fair all that you do. I just want you to be happy and enjoy your last year at home."

She doesn't let go and I don't either. There's something in the air between us, something that kind of makes the puking feeling return because I know exactly what's she's doing. I know what she's saying, even though she's not saying it. I take care of her. Take care of a lot. What she does hurts her. Hurting me hurts her.

I feel like someone's crushed my windpipe. "You...work hard, too. You deal with a lot. I don't mind helping."

Lie. I'm such a freaking liar because I do mind. I hate it. Hate it all so much I feel like I'm going insane sometimes.

"I mind. I'm going to try...try to not depend on you so much." Then she smiles and lets go of my hand. "Plus, you have to get those grades up, too." This makes me want to laugh. She doesn't know the half of it. "Do you have homework tonight?"

Automatically, my head shakes. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome Carter the Liar to the stage. In the corner is a whole backpack full of homework he can't stop himself from lying about.

"Good. I know it's not cool to hang out with your mom, but do you want to watch a movie or something? Your choice. I need to take advantage and spend as much time with you as I can, since it will be your last year at home."

I'm not sure whether my smile is for my own or her benefit. "How can I pass that up?"

Ignoring the bag sitting on the floor, I grab my plate and follow her to the living room. Even though I'm exhausted from last night, we watch two movies: a comedy and an action flick. I don't think about last night, homework, my grades, Mel, or anything else and it feels good. Everything about this night feels good. Spending time with Mom and not the helpless woman from the night before. Not taking off her shoes like we sometimes have to do for my six-year-old sister with Downs Syndrome. It's...normal.

"It's late and you have school tomorrow. Sara gets back, too," Mom says when the last movie ends. "Why don't you go up and get ready for bed? I'll turn everything off down here."

I run up the stairs, realizing I'm still in my sweaty clothes from earlier. After washing up a little, I throw on some clean boxers and a pair of basketball shorts. Then I remember my stupid backpack downstairs and figure I should get a little bit done, even though my eyes are scratchy and it's already after midnight.

When I jog back downstairs, Mom jumps a little, almost running into me.

"Oh! Carter, you scared me. I thought you were already in bed."

"Just gotta grab something."

"Okay, I'm heading up."

She leans forward to kiss my cheek and I freeze as the smell of alcohol fills my nostrils. Insta-nausea hits me. My hands are tied behind my back again. Did she grab the bottle as soon as I headed upstairs? And two days in a row...this makes two days. She doesn't work this way. Not usually. Why the hell is she drinking two nights in a row?

"Good night, Carter."

Good? How does she expect me to have a good night? I had a good night and she took it away from me. But I don't say that. I can't.

"Night."

Ignoring the whisper of my English homework, I turn and go back upstairs.

Chapter Three

My muscles are all jumpy when I run downstairs early the next morning. I'm jonesing for basketball practice this afternoon, but I know if I don't get some kind of work done for English, Mrs. Z is going to bench me. I have to keep that from happening. What's the point, anyway? It's not like I won't make it in life if I can't fully explain the theme behind Of Mice and Men.

"Carter! Carter!" Sara slams into me as I hit the bottom step. She wraps her pale, stick-like arms around me and buries her face in my stomach.

"Hey, Twig." I give her mud-brown hair a light tug. "Did you have fun?" Even though we have different dads, we have the same dark, wavy hair.

Sara looks up at me through thick glasses, yells, "Barney!" as the music from that psycho purple dinosaur starts in the background, and then runs away. She's obsessed with the show. Gets way more excited about him than she does the rest of us. It's actually pretty cool to watch. I don't know if all kids with Down Syndrome get as giddy about things as she does, but I'm pretty sure I've never been as pumped about something as she gets with that dinosaur.

It's my favorite thing about her: the way the house could be crumbling around us but it would still be so easy to make her smile. Not sure if that's a trait, either, or if my sister just kicks ass.

"Morning. You're up early." Mom kisses my cheek. Bill, Sara's dad, is standing next to her.

"I need to get to school and get some stuff done." So I don't fail English. And get kicked out of basketball.

"Hey, Carter. Want to run out to the car with me? Sara forgot her bag and I need to run to work before I'm late." Bill wears round glasses just like Sara, only his aren't as thick. He's so different from my biological dad. At least, from what little I remember or can tell from pictures. Dad played basketball, too. He was young, but had a heart attack playing ball. Mom says he loved it like I do. All my games are for him.

And Bill-well, he's a cool guy, but he's more of a paper-pusher than Dad was. He and Mom got along okay, but I always wonder what they had in common.

"Yep. Right behind you." Mom hands me a Pop Tart and I push a bite into my mouth as I follow Bill out. He stops me after handing me the bag and my stomach drops. I know what's next. We go through this every few months.

"How she's doing, Carter? Still not drinking?"

Liar. I'm such a liar. It makes me nauseous. Guilty. "No... I told you I'd tell you if she started again. We're all good, Bill." My sister's big grin pops into my head. For the millionth time, I wonder if I'm doing and saying the right thing. But those thoughts are shoved aside when I think of Mom with Sara. Mom loves Sara-maybe more than she loves me because she doesn't drink when Sara's home. Ever. It used to kind of piss me off, but now I'm relieved. Maybe Mom knows I can deal with it. Sara couldn't.

"Good. You know I hate putting you in the middle of this, I just have to look out for you kids. I know she loves you, but..."

Protectiveness rolls over me. "But nothing, Bill. She wouldn't do anything that could hurt Sara. You know that." One time. He's seen her drunk one time and he thinks he knows her? He doesn't know anything. And she didn't even have Sara when it happened, either.

He pushes his glasses up and rubs his nose. "It's a disease, Carter. I know she wouldn't mean to do anything, but it's my job as Sara's dad to make sure. Is she still going to AA?"

"No! She wouldn't do anything to hurt my sister. No matter what." My gut clenches, when I think about what to say to his second question. The secret liar comes out of me again. "And yeah...she's going." Does it count as lying when you do it for a good reason? I have no doubt it would kill Mom and Sara to lose each other. I know I'm an outsider, looking in on them sometimes. Sara and Mom doing all the girl crap I have no interest in. How can I risk either of them losing that? That whatever-it-is mother/daughter bond they share?

Sara's in no danger when it comes to Mom.

Doesn't Bill know, even if it came down to that, I'd never let anything happen to Twig. If she drank with Sara home, I wouldn't let it slide.

"I worry about you too, Carter. It's not just Sara."

I nod because I know Bill cares in his own little way. He means well, but he still doesn't get my mom. I wonder if Dad did. If that's what made them so different. If that's what makes it so she can't get over him. That and the fact that he saved her from my a**hole Grandfather. "I gotta go. Gonna take this in and then head to school."

Bill looks at me like he knows I'm trying to escape this conversation, but I go anyway. "See ya later."

With each step I walk away, my guilt shrinks. I'm sticking up for my family. It's the right thing to do. It has to be.

***

I struggle not to crush my coffee cup as I set it down. Instead, I flip the page in my English book like I'm supposed to, trying to figure out what it is I've been reading. It's a blur of names, places, and a whole lot of crap that feels like a waste of my time, but nothing jumps out at me. I don't even know what these people are supposed to be doing or what they're saying, so I shove the assignment in the book, and into my backpack it goes.

I already spent half the stupid morning at this coffee shop, trying to catch up, but I have crap to show for it. Math, I get. People actually use that stuff. But unless I plan on being the next Mrs. Z, which we can safely bet I don't, why does it matter if I can dissect every little thing in a book that I wouldn't even remember the name of if I didn't have to?

Half the morning has gone by and I'm no closer than I was last night. Fighting the urge to walk out, I pull some paper from my binder to start the two page essay I have to write. With the lure of practice calling to me, I have to get something done to pacify Mrs. Z.

Two and a half hours, two double shots, and a headache later, I shove the one and three quarter pages into my bag and bail. Lunch is almost over and skipping English would be a huge screw up on my part, no matter how much I want to. Remembering I need a note, I forge Mom's signature then head to the hell that is known as English.

Mel's standing by my locker when I get there, flicking her hair and giving me the evil eye. "About time you got here." Her arms are crossed in that pissed-off girl way.

"Sorry my mom will let me stay home once in a while and yours won't." It's times like these I feel bad for the lies because there really isn't a good reason not to tell her what I did. I'm not doing it to save Mom or to be there for Sara, but how lame is it to be failing English? To be that guy who pulls his hair out while trying to write a stupid paper? Not cool.

So I lean forward. Exit guilt, hello Melanie's lips. "Next time I'll bring you with me." Which we kind of need. She's right about the fact we won't see each other much once basketball and cheer start. I give her a quick kiss, which ends up being quicker than I planned because she pulls away.

"Yuck. Coffee breath."

My girl totally knows how to make a guy feel good about himself. Not.

"Take me instead. I don't care what your breath smells like." Travis steps up beside me, pretending to throw his arms around my neck, but stops at the last minute. We bump fists instead.

"I didn't mean... Whatever." Mel says and walks away.

Travis shakes his head. "Ever think life would be so much easier if we were single?"

I hold out my hand because his words deserve another bump. "For sure." It sucks, because things used to be so much easier with Mel. I needed that. Now, she spends half her pissed off at me, which means I spend half my time pissed off, too. But the alternative is a whole can of worms I flinch at the thought of opening.

"I think Mel and Trina get together every morning to decide if they want to be normal or psychotic. Today's definitely a psycho day. Thanks for leaving me alone with it."

I laugh as we round the corner into English. Mrs. Z's eyes are on me, burning a hole into my skull. I give her a quick nod, trying to convey that I got something done, though I'm not sure it's going to be enough for her.

Sliding my gaze away from her laser-beam glare, I spot Kira at her desk. Her braids are up in a knot-thing on her head, black and purple strands going in every different direction. Surprisingly, it doesn't look half bad. Weird, but not bad.

"I see you made it home safely yesterday," I say as I take my seat. "Didn't get accosted by any strangers?"

"None except for you." She's drawing little pictures on her notebook.

"Hey, you came up to me, not the other way around, remember?"

"Only because I was worried you were trying to kill yourself out there. I wanted to make sure you hadn't passed out. You know, in case I needed to call 911 or something."

Travis lingers at my side. He looks at me, then Kira, and at me again. "I'm feeling left out. Travis doesn't like to feel left out."

Kira laughs, making my gut tighten.

"I went to the court for a while yesterday and saw her." Thankfully, my excuse for why I was hanging around Kira just so happens to be the truth. Two points for Carter. Wait, why do I need an excuse?

"That's where you were? I was covering for you while Trina texted every five minutes because Mel kept texting her. I got to spend my whole afternoon hearing about how big a jerk you are and you got to play ball? Not cool."

"I'm a jerk?"

"Oh yeah. What kind of boyfriend doesn't text back? Poor Mel. She deserves so much better. Travis, if you ever treat me like that!"

I groan. "Sorry."

"Wow... What a terrible boyfriend you are." Kira smiles, so I think she's joking. I hope. But I'm starting to feel bad because we're bordering on talking crap about my girlfriend.

"I apologized to her; it was my fault. I did kind of bail on her."

The bell saves me from explaining further, and we all slide into our seats. As soon as Mrs. Z starts talking I zone out, thinking about Mom, Bill, Sara, Mel, basketball, English. My thoughts can't choose which one to concentrate on, until I make it pick Mel because she's the easiest. Things used to feel so easy with her, but the longer we go, the harder it gets. I need that easiness back which means I have to stop pulling stunts like I did yesterday. Though I'm still kind of lost on why it's such a huge deal to play ball without calling her, but whatever. I'll make it up to her. I'll do something with her after practice today.

Mrs. Z puts on a video about the relevance of classic British literature in current times, which gives me more time to think about things that aren't English. Before I know it, the bell rings and I'm sneaking my not-quite-two-page report onto her desk, and slipping out of class. The ache in my head tells me I wasn't as sneaky as I thought and laser eyes are x-raying my skull again, but at least I make it out without having to talk to her.

Kira sits across the room from me in art. We don't have assigned seats, so for some reason it annoys me a little. Not that I have a reason to be annoyed, but I am. Once the final bell rings, I forget all about her and everything else in my life as I head to the locker room. Might make me sound like a nutcase, but it's alive with electricity. Every guy on the team is excited for the season to start, making claims on which titles we'll get and how the whole conference will be owned by us.

"Do you even realize how much ass we're going to kick this year?" Jackson asks Travis and me.

"Hell yeah," I reply as we smack hands. This is my place. My element. Where I know I belong. Where I dominate.

Technically there are tryouts, but we all know who will play what. I'm the starting point guard. Even as a junior, I started for varsity. Freshmen and sophomore years I came off the bench, but always for varsity. I've never played JV in my life.

I love it. Scanning the court, reading my players, and coming up with the perfect play. Having control unlike I do in the rest of my life.

"Who do you think for backup center this year?" I ask Trav as we head to the gym.

He shrugs. "I don't need a backup. I'm a ninja. I can play the whole game, every game."

"Ha, ha. Seriously though. Chambers has the height. Hopefully he got a little more coordinated since last year."

Travis nods his approval, but doesn't reply. Coach Blake stands at the center of the gym looking as pumped as I feel.

"All right, Lancers! Whose year is this?"

"OURS!" We bounce on our feet, yelling so loud the voices vibrate through me, making me feel electric in a way I haven't felt in a long time. I love playing no matter what, but this is the start of the season. My senior year, and nothing can dim the lights shining down on it.

"Whose house is this?"

"OURS!" Another vibration. A few fists rise above us.

"And we won't only defend our house this season, but we'll what?"

"OWN THEIRS, TOO!" My heart bounces like a basketball against the gym floor.

"How do we do that?"

"WORK HARD!" The freshmen line the walls, gawking at us, like we're NBA players or something, making my adrenaline pump harder.

"That's what I like to hear! Get to the wall and everyone start doing their lines!"

In this moment, it's like everything else I have to deal with is worth it. I get this in return. I wonder if it felt this good for Dad. If he felt almost high every time he stepped on the court, even if it wasn't for a game.

All I know is this is my house. This is where I'm alive.

***

My hair is wet from showering when I walk out of the locker room after practice. Mel and I always meet each other in the parking lot, so I head straight there.

"You doing anything?" Travis asks. "Want to chill?"

"You're not going to be with Trina?"

"Nah." He shakes his head. They're usually together as much as Mel and I. I almost ask him about it, but he doesn't give me a chance. "She's busy, I guess, and I'm trying to avoid the parentals. They want to 'talk' and that's never good for me." Travis laughs.

"Oh. Sorry. Can't go. Going to try to make up with my girl. Take her out or something." I'm still feeling like a live wire. This is just what I needed to feel on track again, the distraction to make everything else disappear.

"Fine, I see how you are." Trav holds out his fist and I bump it. "I'm out. See ya later." He runs down the hall ahead of me, probably meeting up with the other guys or something.

When my feet hit the pavement, I stop for a minute, and Mel's voice floats toward me. She's standing in the parking lot talking to Devin. He graduated last year, but his sister, Sam, is in cheer with Mel. Since he picks up and drops off Sam sometimes for school, I guess he's doing it after practice, too.

"Shut up," Mel laughs, playfully pushing him. Devin crosses his arms and leans against his Mustang and says something I can't hear. My muscles tense. I know Mel. Know how she flirts because she used to do it with me.

Mel crosses her arms and pretends to pout. Devin steps closer like he's going to console my girl and she smiles. Yeah, so not going to happen.

"Mel!" I jog toward her. I nod my head at Devin as I step between them, hugging her. Is it me or is she not giving me the same death grip she usually does? Suddenly, not liking my back to Devin, I let go and face him.

"I'll see you later, Melanie," Devin says, ignoring me completely. And then he turns, walks around his car, gets in, and drives off.

Rigor mortis has now set into my limbs. My basketball high has been thoroughly killed. "What's up with that?" I'm really trying not to sound accusatory.

"Nothing." Mel pushes up on her toes and kisses me. She sounds normal. Happy to see me. Maybe I was freaking out for nothing. My muscles loosen again and I feel like an idiot. They were just talking. It's not like they haven't talked before, or like Devin doesn't have a reason to be here. Mel wouldn't do that. She's the one who always wants to be with me and I'm the one who's been more standoffish lately.

"How was practice?" I ask, still holding on to her waist.

"Awesome."

"Mine too. We-"

"Is Travis with Trina, do you know?"

Okay. So obviously we're not talking about my practice. "I don't think so. She's busy, I guess. He asked me to hang out and then took off when I said I wanted to see you." These past couple days have been crazy for me. I really want to get back to normal. Mel is normal. "But whatever. Let's go somewhere. We can grab something to eat or whatever." I lean forward to kiss her again, but she stops me.

"I can't... I need to find Trina. We're supposed to hang out."

"Oh." I step away a little. "Can't you tell her I want to see you? I'm sure she'll get it... I know I've been kind of a dick lately and I want to make it up to you."

She's not really listening, her fingers moving over the screen on her phone. "I can't, Carter. Not today, 'kay? I don't wanna ditch Trina."

"Whatever." I take another step back, trying to show her it doesn't bother me, when really it does.

"I'll see you tomorrow, okay?" With another quick kiss, Mel is jogging toward school again. I shove my hands into my pockets, leaning against her brand new VW Bug. What just happened? I mean, I get it. She wants to hang with her friend, but I ditched Trav for her. She thinks I've been weird lately so I try to be sweet and do something nice, and she can't get away from me fast enough.

Whatever. I pull out my phone to text Travis.

CHANGE OF PLANS. WHERE ARE U?

Before I look like an idiot loitering around my girlfriend's car in the parking lot, I get into my truck. It's an older Ford. Not old old, but not brand new like my friends' cars. I wait a few minutes, and when he doesn't text back, I send him another.

WHERE U AT?

Ten minutes later I realize he's not going to reply. Lame.

With nothing else to do, I drive to Mom's shop, frustrated that my first day of practice ended with Mel flirting with someone else and then ditching me.

"Carter! Carter!" Sara yells when I step inside. She always says my name twice like that. It makes me smile.

"What's up, Twig? Are you helping Mom?"

She shakes her head. "Nope. Mommy's busy. There's a girl here."

"Thanks, Twig." I pull her ponytail then head down the aisle to find Mom and Mel. There are shelves of glass figurines all around me. Some of Mom's paintings hang from the walls. The lights are dim, but they're always kind of dim in here. The store is small, but usually keeps pretty busy. Everyone in town loves Mom.

When I clear the aisle, I freeze at the sight of black and purple braids.

"Hey, honey!" Mom waves when she sees me, and Kira turns around. For some reason, it's a little hard to breathe.

Kira's eyes widen, but she recovers quickly. "Hey, Sleepy. Are you stalking me?"

Chapter Four

This is my perfect chance to mess with Kira, and I don't intend to let it pass me by. "Me? I think it's the other way around. English, Art, the basketball court, and now my mom's store? You know I have a girlfriend, right?" A girlfriend I'm mad at, but still.

"Carter!" Mom gasps, but Kira is smiling. Somehow I knew she'd be okay with the joke.

"I'm teasing her, Mom."

Mom shakes her head, but she's smiling too.

"Well, now I'm not sure I can get a job here. I'm already in charge of keeping you awake-"

Please don't say in English. Please don't say in English.

"-when you're supposed to be practicing. Not sure I can handle it at work, too."

Thank you, Kira, for saving my ass! "Nah, if you're here, that means I don't have to be. You can work, I'll sleep. I like that deal."

" I'm pretty sure she wasn't talking about you sleeping on the court, Carter." Mom's eyebrows rise. Busted.

"What? I'd never fall asleep in school. Nothing like a quality education." I smile at Mom and walk behind the counter with her. These are my favorite times, where she's not just Mom, but she's also not guilty Mom. She's Sara's mom and in these times, I can almost forget about the rest of it.

"Sure. And I was born yesterday." She pats my cheek.

"So, how was your first day of practice?" Kira asks. "Are you brushing up on your skills so I won't mind going to the games?"

I c*ck my head at her, trying to figure out why it gives me a rush that she asked about practice. It's a joke; I know she's playing off what I said to her yesterday, but I like it.

Before I can reply, Sara comes barreling over, wrapping her arms around Kira. She once did the same thing to Mel, who froze, not knowing what to do. Kira hugs Sara back.

I don't have time to keep comparing the two because then Sara is reaching up. "You're pretty. I like purple. I want purple hair." She touches Kira's braids.

"No, no," Mom says to Sara. At the same time, I reach over the counter.

"Just because I'm allowed to pull your hair, Twig, doesn't mean you can touch other people's hair without their permission."

"I don't mind." Kira turns to Sara. "I had red in it last time. What do you think I should do next? Too boring to keep the same style for very long."

Yeah. Yesterday she looked like she belonged in the 60's in a rainbow bus and with a name like Springwater, and today she's wearing a school girl outfit. Not that I noticed or anything.

"Orange!" Sara claps, jumping up and down. She's so happy I have to look around to make sure there's not a purple dinosaur here.

"Orange?" I ask. Orange hair doesn't sound very appealing.

"What's wrong with orange?" Kira counters.

Oh, she wants to play this game, does she? I'm in. "Nothing. But why stop with mixing in? I'm thinking you should go all orange. That would be pretty, wouldn't it, Sara?"

Sara nods so hard I'm worried her head might fall off.

Kira doesn't flinch. "Orange it is."

The bell over the door rings. Mom slips around the counter. "I'm so glad your mom came today. I'm excited to have you on board, Kira. We'll see you soon."

Mom walks over to help the customer and Kira with her purple hair and school girl skirt is right behind her. "Catch ya later, Sleepy," she tosses over her shoulder and just like last time, she's gone, leaving me with the want to catch up with her.

***

"No! Mommy, Carter! Help!"

I'm already scrambling out of my bed, tripping over a shoe in the dark before Sara can yell again. I tear my door open and jog down the hall to her room. Mom's already there, rushing to Sara's side.

"Mommy! Carter!" she yells again. I get a twinge in my chest, dropping to the floor by her bed. Mom has Sara pulled into her lap, shushing her, but I can't help but touch her hair too, just so she knows I'm here. Even if she had her glasses on, her eyes are full of too many tears for her to see.

"Hey, Twig. Shh, it's okay. I'm here."

Sara's had bad nightmares like this her whole life. We're not sure why. They take a lot out of her. She wakes up scared something's after her...or something's after me, and it always takes half the night for us to calm her down.

"Closet." She grabs Mom's neck tighter.

"There's nothing in there, Twig. You're my little sister; no one will mess with you because they know I have your back." Still, I get up to investigate the closet. Sara gets a little smile on her face, but has her death grip on Mom, who reaches for Sara's glasses and puts them on her.

"Here, I better grab this just in case." I grab a purple blow-up bat, holding it in one hand like it's a weapon, and then pulling the closet door open with the other. "See? Nothing there."

"In the back."

With my air-bat at arm's-length like I'm scared to get too close, I push the clothes around. "Nope...nothing there."

"Just a bad dream, baby girl," Mom whispers against Sara's forehead.

She makes me look under the bed and behind the curtains just in case. Once my hunt for bad guys is over, Mom says, "It's late, Carter. Why don't you go to bed? Sara, you want to sleep in Mommy's room with me?"

Bed sounds better than anything right now.

"No, no, no. Carter, Carter!" Sara says. I try not to groan because I really need a good night of sleep after the couple days I've had.

"You want me to sleep with you, Twig?"

I get one of her big, head-fall-off-her-shoulders nods.

Her bed is a twin and it really sucks to try to share a twin bed with a little sister. "Scoot your butt over."

Mom looks up at me. "You can go to bed, Carter. We'll be okay."

I shake my head. Mom gets up, bringing Sara to the bathroom while I crawl into her bed and pull a Barney blanket over myself. After they're done, Mom tucks her into bed with me. "Straight to sleep, you two. There's school tomorrow." Sounds good to me.

We're quiet for a few minutes and I hope this will be a rare night Sara falls asleep quickly. My eyes won't close though. I keep them on the door, seeing Mom in here with her. This is why Mom would never drink when Sara's home. She'll always be ready to take care of my little sister whenever she needs it, which is what really matters to me.

"Story," Sara whispers.

"Can't sleep?"

Her head shakes against my shoulder. Another groan tries to crawl up my throat, but I push it down. I grab a few books out of the basket by her bed, along with the flashlight she keeps on her table. There's a nightlight, too, but it's not bright enough for me to read. "Don't tell Mom or we'll get in trouble." Which is a lie since Mom keeps a monitor in here, so I know she'll hear us anyway. Sara tries to reply, but it's one of her too-happy-to-speak-mumbles.

And, of course, it's a Barney book, but I don't care. I read her six of them until she finally falls asleep.

***

"Do you have plans after practice today?" Mom asks as I shovel a bite of Cookie Crunch into my mouth. Whoever the genius is who thought of turning chocolate chip cookies into cereal is my hero.

"I don't think so. What's up?"

"I have to go see your grandfather tonight. I didn't plan on it, but one of the nurses called me. She wants me to come in and talk to her."

Heat rolls over me. "Verbally abusing someone else, I'm sure. He doesn't deserve any favors from you, Mom." How much does she think she can put on her shoulders? She's got enough to worry about without having to deal with the abusive a**hole that made her childhood hell.

"He's old and he's lonely. He misses Mom. He doesn't mean what he says."

"His whole life? And if he cares enough to miss her, maybe he should have treated her better. What was his excuse when-"

"Carter!" She holds up a hand, her voice shaking. "I don't have time for this. He's my dad. It's my responsibility to take care of him. I'm going to need your help because I don't want to leave Kira alone at the shop when she's still learning the ropes. I thought maybe you could go help her if she needs it."

It takes a couple minutes for me to calm down enough to think. Ignoring the fact that I really wish she'd tell the a**hole adios, my mind goes to what she asked. This sounds like a terrible idea. Not that I don't want to go-actually it's that I do that makes me know I shouldn't. First, Mel gets all grumpy when it comes to other girls and we've been fighting enough lately. Second, well, I kind of want to see this girl and I'm thinking a guy shouldn't want to see another girl this much when he has a girlfriend. I have enough drama in my life already.

"I don't know... I should probably do some homework." Actually, what I should do is take the probably out of that sentence because there's no question-I need to do some homework. A lot of it. And I'm going to make myself this time, no matter what.

"You can do it at the store. You've done it before. She might not even need you, but I don't feel comfortable leaving her alone on her first day."

Ugh. I'm not feeling this, but it's not like I'd ever tell her no. "Fine. Whatever. But if I flunk out of high school, it's your fault."

Mom stills. "You're not really failing any of your classes, are you, Carter?"

Yes. "I'm not gonna fail anything." I've pulled my grades up before; I can do it again.

"You better not." She kisses my forehead. "Thanks, kid. I don't know what I'd do without you. You're growing up way too fast." She looks at me, a little sad for a second, and then pulls away to call for my sister. "Sara! Come on, sweet pea. We need to get you to school." And then to me. "See you around six. I love you."

"Later, Ma." Her words stick with me. She's right. This is my last year at home. I don't know why I've never really thought about it before. What's she going to do when I'm gone? What's Sara going to do?

Trying to ignore those thoughts, I toss my bowl in the sink. Five minutes behind them, I'm out the door and on my way to school, too. Wondering how I'm going to get my work done, help Kira, and keep my relationship in one piece.

***

"Dude, why can't basketball last for six hours and school for one and a half?" Travis collapses next to me in the grass. He has a bag of chips in his hand and that's all there is to his lunch.

"I'd be game with that." I grab a handful of chips out of his bag.

"I swear, all you guys care about is basketball." Mel rolls her eyes and Trina agrees with her.

"Seriously. There's more to life than ball. It's ridiculous."

"Hey, I care about other stuff. Food, TV-ouch." Laughing, I try to dodge Mel's punch. "I'm kidding. I care about you, too. You're right behind food, and TV-ouch." She pinches me this time, but she's smiling.

"Not me, Trin. You're above TV for me," Travis adds. Lucky for him, his girlfriend only shakes her head rather than assaulting him.

"Whatever." Crossing her arms, Mel turns her back to me.

"I'm kidding." I wrap my arms around her and pull her to my lap. "You're way better than that stuff." I nuzzle her. "Hey...want to come to the shop with me after practice? Mom wants me to help out the new girl she hired."

I'm iffy on whether or not this is a good idea. Mel and Kira don't seem like the type that will get along, but I'm hoping it will cut down the chance of anymore drama in my life. Carter and drama don't mix.

" You have to go in? Everyone's getting together tonight!" She pulls away and sits up. "Can't you tell her you have plans?"

My tongue hurts from how hard I have to bite down on it not to snap at her. "Mel, if she asks me to go, it's because she needs my help. I can't just tell her no."

"Whatever. You only want to see me when it fits your schedule. That's not fair, Carter."

Open mouth. Withdraw tongue from between teeth. "I'm pretty sure I said Mom needs my help. I didn't purposely make plans without you. Actually, I'm pretty sure I invited you. Just like I tried to see you last night." Why does she have to be like this? My life is a whole lot different than Mel's and she knows that. My Mom doesn't make a million dollars a year. I have obligations. Responsibilities. She's always been bitchy about it because she just doesn't get it, but this is too much. I try to understand that it's not the kind of life she leads. Why can't she do the same?

"You're coming with us tonight, aren't you, Trav?" Trina asks. He looks at me, back at her, then me again. I nod my head to let him know he doesn't have to have my back this time.

Kira says from beside us, "Carter?"

How long has she been standing there? My pulse kicks up and I'm not sure if it's because I'm grateful for interruption, or if I fear an atomic bomb might go off now. I almost want to walk away from them all right now. Mel, Trina, Kira, even Travis, just so I can breathe.

"Hey, Kira." Shielding the sun from my eyes, I look up at her. "What's up?"

"Does Sara spell her name with an 'h' at the end?"

Huh? Why would she want to know that? "Why?"

Mel clears her throat.

"I'm making something for her and I want to make sure I spell it right." She crosses her arms and looks down on me like it should be obvious or something. I toss a glance at Mel, who is scowling. Travis has a smirk on his face. Whatever. This is about my sister.

"What are you making her?" Now my pulse is going wild. No matter what it is, Sara will freak. She loves getting surprises. She'll really think it's cool, getting something from one of my friends. Whoa. Friend? Yeah, I might have just met her, but I consider her a friend.

Kira shrugs. "It's a secret. Girl thing. Yay or nay on the 'h'?"

It takes me a minute to reply. Who is this girl? She's known my sister for five seconds and she made her something? It's cool. It's no 'h'. You know she'll show me, though. Twig wouldn't keep a secret from me." So there.

Kira gives me another shrug. "We'll see. Us girls have to stick together, you know. Thanks." She turns to leave, but Mel's voice stops her.

"You're in my history class, right? I'm Melanie. Carter's girlfriend."

Kira holds out her hand and Mel shakes it loosely. "Kira. I work for Carter's mom. You guys are cute." She points back and forth between us. "You look cute together."

This is awkward as hell. Plus, what's that? I work for Carter's mom? She knew me first.

"Thanks." Mel grabs my hand. Five minutes ago she was pulling away from me, and now she's getting all possessive.

When Mel doesn't say anything else, Kira smiles like she realizes she's being dismissed and walks away. Today she's wearing a tank top with a sweater over it and a pair of tight blue jeans. It's the kind of outfit Mel would wear, except probably doesn't come from the same stores.

"She's the girl you're going to be with tonight?" Mel's voice is harsh which, honestly, kind of pisses me off.

"Yeah? So?"

"Why did your mom suddenly decide to hire someone?"

"Because she needs the help? Should I have had her ask your permission before she hired someone? You were the one who wanted me to spend less time at the shop, so isn't this a good thing?" I'm starting to sweat a little, tired of going rounds with her.

"Whatever, Carter. It just would have been nice if you told me."

"Umm, told you what?" I'm thinking it would have been nice if she told me she was a nutcase.

"That you were going to be with someone hot and not someone old, which is what I assumed."

Ah, so that's what this is about. Mel always gets harsher when she's jealous, which I used to kind of like...but now? Not so much.

Willing to do anything to end this conversation and have five freaking minutes of peace, I don't say what I'm really thinking. What comes out instead is, "You're hot, Mel. Come on. She works for my mom. It's not a big deal. I invited you to come. It's not like I'm trying to hide anything."

Her frown flips up into a smile. "Thanks, baby."

Crisis averted! Even more so when the bell rings. We say our goodbyes, Trina and Mel going one way, and Travis and I another. Once they're out of ear shot, I groan. What the hell has happened to my life lately? My calm place has suddenly grown two heads and an extra set of claws and I'm not in the mood to deal with it.

"Why is she freaking out? Next time I say we get pissed when they go to Sam's. She has a brother. Same thing. " Travis shrugs when he says this, but I stop walking.

"They went to Sam's last night?" Devin's sister? She ditched me to go to Devin's house?

"Umm, yeah. Is that bad?"

My heart pounds, muscles tightening. She was flirting with him, went to his house without telling me, and then she freaks out because Mom hired Kira?

"Nothing. I just..." Is she cheating on me? Does she like him? Am I freaking out over nothing? Wait. Do I care? I don't know. I should know that much, right?

"I'm thinking of breaking up with Trina." Travis starts walking again. His words make me forget everything else. It's always been the four of us. We hang out and have fun together. "What? Why?"

He looks at me like it's the stupidest question in the world. "Have you been paying attention? It's just not the same. Plus, it happens, ya know? You think people are going to stay together forever, but they don't. Why prolong it?"

Travis's voice sounds strange. And I don't know about the forever part, but I at least figured we'd stay together through high school. "Huh? You've never said that before."

"It's just... My..." He shakes his head like he just changed his mind about something. "This is our last year in high school. Do we really want to spend it getting bitched at for everything? I mean, it'd be different if I, like...but it's not like that. I just want to have fun, ya know?"

I have no idea what he's not telling me, but I totally get what he is saying. It's not like I thought we'd be one of those go-off-to-college-together couples. Or that we'd get married one day. Have the 2.2 kids or however the saying goes. Don't ask me how you can have .2 kids, but whatever.

Still, we have fun. At least, we used to. When I pictured my senior year, I pictured the four of us. We've been a constant for a year now.

"I'm not saying you should do the same," he says. "But I just wanted you to know. Didn't want it to come out of nowhere."

This shouldn't come from nowhere, because we've both been fighting with the girls a lot recently, but it does. It does because as weak as it makes me sound, even though I'm jealous as hell he's going to do this, I don't know if I can do the same. Mel will freak and as hard as she is to handle lately, I can only imagine how much hell it would be to deal with a broken-up-with Melanie. All I want is one piece of my life that has no drama and I can't even get that.

Before I can reply, the second bell rings, making us late for English. We make a run for it, my mind tangled with thoughts of Mel, Mom, English, and Kira.

Chapter Five

Practice is ruined by Mrs. Z's voice in my head; every play I want to call out is overpowered by her lecture because I didn't turn in anymore late assignments. Unfortunately, she's not the only person copping a squat in my head. I have Mom on one shoulder, needing my help at the store. Getting upset when I question her about her douchebag dad. Even if she weren't whispering in my ear, I'd be worried about her. It's never a good day when she has to go see him, but knowing Sara will be home takes some of the worry away.

The crappy part is, it doesn't stop there. Mel's sitting on the other shoulder, alternating between being the calm Mel who helps make me forget, and then images of her with Devin keep popping up behind my eyes. The fact is, I realize I'd be pissed, but I wouldn't be hurt. I'd almost be relieved. It'd be one less direction to be pulled. One less person who wants something out of me.

Right now, I could do with a little less "Carter, I need you to" and a little more, "Carter, do what you need to do." Hell, maybe even a little, "Carter, do you need help?"

By the time I rush to the shop after practice, I'm in an even worse mood. Yanking my backpack out of the truck, I slam the door and head inside. There are a couple customers, but Mom's still here so I sit at the little round table by the front counter, where Sara does her coloring and Mom eats her meals. It's kind of hidden because it's shorter than the counter the register sits on and it's on the opposite side as the door.

The only problem is on the other side of it is a spinning wrack of homemade bookmarks, jewelry, and weird little animal carvings that a lot of people come in to buy, which means pretty often there are nosey people looking over my shoulder while they're shopping.

Luckily, no one is standing at it today.

Even though I'd really like to put my head down and take a nap, I pull out Mrs. Z's English stuff. It's numero uno on 'Carter's list of crap to do'.'

Without paying attention to anything else, I try to make myself concentrate enough to figure out what happened in the play we've been reading. All the 'twas's,' 'eth's' and rearranged words (I see, not see I) make no sense to me. Why the hell can't the guy just say what he means? It's like he writes in code so you have to try to decipher ever little word. Me and deciphering Shakespeare don't mix.

"Oh! Carter, I didn't see you come in." Mom steps up beside me. "I'm heading out. Bill has Sara, but I'm picking her up after I go see Dad. We'll probably be home around the same time as you." Her voice sounds light, but I hear the stress behind it. Hear her nerves at going to see her dad, who's only going to give her crap for trying to help him.

"I still don't get why you're going." Even though it will upset her, I can't stop myself from saying it.

Mom sighs. "Because that's what you do, Carter. You take care of your family. Like it or not, he's my dad."

My eyes snap toward her. Take care of your family? Yeah, I get that, but at least Mom deserves what I do for her...right? "Whatever."

She presses a quick kiss to my forehead. "Thanks for helping, kid. See ya tonight." And then she's gone.

Yeah, my day was great. Thanks for asking.

Leaning on my elbow, I try to focus on my homework again. It's probably not even two seconds later when footsteps head my way.

"How ya doing, Sleepy?" Kira stands next to me, wearing something different than she had on at school. It's a black dress. Not short, not long. Okay, maybe a little long since it goes right past her knees. I swear this chick has multiple personalities or something. I've known her less than a week and she's been dressed like a hippy, a Catholic school girl, Mel, and now...I don't even know...it's not a real style, but it doesn't fit the other looks either.

But I don't have time to worry about that right now. "Fine," I mumble and look at the book again, hoping she'll get the clue.

She sits across from me. The store is quiet so I'm assuming we don't have any customers right now. "How was practice?"

Annnd she has to ask the one question I would normally want to talk about. "Fine." Eyes on the book, Shaw.

"You okay? You're not your usual sarcastic, cocky self."

Without moving my hand from its position propping my head up, I look at her. She wants me to take the bait, but I'm not going to. English. I'm here to focus on English and not get into another word war with her. So, even though I want to comment on the cocky thing, I don't. "I'm fine."

"Hmm," is her reply. I try. God, I try to leave it at that, but I can't.

"Hmm? What's that supposed to mean?"

"I just didn't take you for a liar."

Hmmm, I want to say. Shows you how much you know. I'm the best liar there is, but then that would be telling a truth that I'm not willing to tell. "I'm not lying. I'm fine."

"Liar," she says again and smirks.

I'm caught in this weird place where I want to tell her where she can stick it, but I suddenly wants to kiss her, too. "I'm ignoring you." Great. Now she makes me sound like I'm eight.

"Liar, liar pants on fire."

Maybe we both suddenly hit a time warp or something. "How old are you?"

"Eighteen. Actually, I'm lying, I'm seventeen. You're rubbing off on me. Or maybe I'm not really lying and I'm not exactly sure how old I am. Could be seventeen, could be eighteen." Kira shrugs.

"Did you forget to take your medication today?" I'm sitting up now, trying to figure out if this girl is really crazy or not. If I like it or not. "Everyone knows how old they are."

"Whatever you say, Sleepy." She stands up. The ceiling fan blows the edge of my book, reminding me of all I have riding on this crap in my hands. Anger wins my internal war.

Whipping my head to face her, I grit, "I don't have time for this. I have a shitload of homework to do or I'm going to flunk English and Mrs. Z will take away the only thing I have that I actually want to do. Play games with someone else."

Kira looks at me a minute and I realize how strange her eyes are. They're brown, but almost the lightest brown I've ever seen. Like they're swirled with yellow or something.

"Okay... You want to know what I made, Sara?"

Holy random subject. Did she not just hear what I said? "What?"

"I'll leave you alone. You finish your work-all of the work you're supposed to do tonight and you can know what it is. If not...you'll always wonder. It will drive you crazy just because you don't know."

The bell over the front door rings while I'm still trying to process what she just said. Somehow, it's kind of what I need. I open my mouth to tell her it's a deal, but like always, she's already walking away. "Hi, can I help you find something?"

***

"Do you need a ride home or anything?" I ask.

Kira hands me the keys to the store. It's crazy how I'm feeling a little electric right now. Like I should have at practice today if all the other stuff hadn't ruined it for me.

"Nope, Lana's picking me up." She still hasn't asked me if I finished my work and I'm waiting for the perfect time to tell her. Yep, that's right. I won. It's the most work I've gotten done in one night in I can't remember how long, but there's no way I would let her get me on that one. Now, I just have to hope it's right. But I'll save that hope for tomorrow. For tonight, I won.

"Who's Lana? Sister?"

"Guardian."

Oh. "Oh." Wow... I'm smooth. "I mean, cool."

Kira looks at me and laughs. "If you say so."

Leaning against the wall, I cross my arms then realize I'm smiling. I've never known anyone like this girl before. "Aren't you going to ask me?"

"What position do you play? How'd you know I've been meaning to ask you that?"

A laugh kind of jumps out of my mouth. "I really think there's something wrong with you. Have you ever considered getting yourself checked?"

"Aw, come on. You know you like it when a girl wants to know what position you play. What is it? Short stop? Full back?"

"Umm, those aren't basketball, but good try. I'm point guard and you know that's not what I meant."

She groans. "Fine. Did you finish all your homework? Happy now?"

I smirk at her. "Yes and yes." Which means I won, I want to tell her. Ha! You made a bet and I kicked ass. Now you have to tell me what I want to know. But that sounds lame, which I realize I might be, so I don't say anything.

A car pulls up to the street. "That's Lana. Good job on the homework. Catch ya later, Sleepy."

"What?" I push off the wall. "I don't think so. You said I could know what you made Sara!"

I have to yell, because she's already walking away.

"You can!" she calls back.

How? Unless she has some telepathic power I don't know about. "Then you kind of have to tell me."

"I never said I'd tell you. I just said you could know. Ask your sister. I never got around to telling her not to show you anyway." Kira smiles, gets in the car, and closes the door. Her taillights are gone before I stop watching.

She played me. I totally got hustled by Kira.

And I like it. I don't know what it is about her, but she gets to me. Mel should get to me like this, shouldn't she? Even in the beginning, I don't remember her ever making me feel...well, I don't really know what it is, but like this. All smiley and giddy like a thirteen-year-old girl meeting Justin Bieber or something.

Realizing how late it is, I run to my truck and jump in. I need to get home before Sara goes to sleep.

***

When I get home, Mom and Sara are just finishing dinner.

"There's pizza in the kitchen for you, Carter. Sorry I didn't have time to cook." Her voice is tight, but normal. Sara's here, so of course it doesn't smell like a bar in here. Mom's voice doesn't hold a shadow of her drinking voice.

"Thanks. How'd it go?"

She waves her hand like she doesn't want to talk about it. "You know how he is, Carter."

Which means he was an ass. Surprise, surprise.

"What did he say to you?" I remember the first time I heard Grandpa call her names. I was six. He wasn't in the nursing home yet. Grandma had just died and she would go over to his house every day to check on him. Those were the only times I ever remember Mom and Dad fighting-when it came to grandpa. He didn't like her going over alone. He didn't like her going at all, but she did anyway.

That day she'd told me to wait in the car-which she did a lot, but I had to go to the bathroom so bad, I couldn't hold it. As soon as I walked in the door, I heard it.

"I don't need your help, you bitch. Go away and leave me alone."

"Dad...please don't call me names. How much have you had to drink today?" At the time, I was lucky enough not to know what kind of drink she meant.

"Oh, you're the boss now? You have that fancy husband and you get to come into my house and tell me what to do?"

"It's fine, Carter. Everything's fine. I just had a long day."

No, it's not fine at all. It's no wonder where I got my ability to lie from. "It's not right." My hands open and close into tight fists. "He doesn't deserve you."

Her chin quivers and I automatically feel like a jerk. She already has to be upset enough. The last thing she needs is me pushing her about him.

"Mom, I-"

"Carter! Carter! Look! Look!" Then Sara starts mumbling, excitement overtaking her. Sometimes she gets so happy-so ecstatic her words get all jumbled up. She's waving a sheet of paper at me.

"Slow down, Twig. What'cha got there?" I grab the paper out of her hand. It's a drawing of Barney. Yes, Barney the dinosaur, but I'm there too. It's me playing basketball with a purple dinosaur. I don't know what to say so I keep looking at it. It's perfect. The hair matches mine. You can tell I'm dribbling the ball as it floats above the ground. Yes, I'm being guarded by a purple dinosaur, but still.

Mom steps closer, close enough I smell her vanilla perfume. "Oh my God. " Mom's voice shakes. "Before you came yesterday, I got busy with a customer and Kira sat with Sara. I heard them talking and she asked Sara what her favorite things were and she said Barney and her brother. She did an amazing job on it, didn't she?"

I'm embarrassed to admit, there's something in my throat keeping me from speaking. I can't stop looking at the picture. I can't stop concentrating on how I feel. Good. Good like I haven't felt in a long time. Better than I did at practice. Better than I do with Mel. Which is stupid and makes me feel like sort of a wuss, but yeah...this girl drew me. Perfectly. And my sister... Who knew I ranked up there with the purple dinosaur?

"Mine!" Sara yanks the picture out of my hand and runs away. I'm still in a frozen state that I've never experienced before.

Mom sighs. "So much energy. I'm never going to get her to bed tonight." She pats my cheek and follows after Sara.

I need air. Need to play ball.

The whole time I'm running and jumping and shooting in my driveway, I think about Kira. About Mel and Trav and Trina. I ignore the sweat in my eyes and play harder, clearing my head. Maybe Travis is right. I'm not feeling it with Mel anymore. I haven't for a while. Being honest, I'm not sure she has, either.

Not saying I like Kira either. Really, I don't even know the girl; she's strange compared to other girls I know, but I like how she makes me feel. Mel used to help me feel better and now...now she makes me feel worse. Plus with Mom, Sara, basketball, and English, I have enough on my plate and hate having the gnawing feeling in my gut that Mel's off flirting with other guys. I think it might finally be time to let one of my stress-factors go.

My stomach growls, reminding me I didn't eat dinner. Putting my ball under my arm, I head back inside. The house is quiet. There are three pieces of pizza on a plate for me. After warming them up, I head upstairs. One peek in Sara's room shows me she's asleep, the picture of me and Barney in her hand.

Before going to my room, I stop by Mom's to tell her goodnight. After a quiet knock, I push her door open and freeze. She's coming out of the closet, a glass in her hand. A full glass, and I know exactly what's in it.

All my muscles pinch. My heart thumps so hard it hurts. Or maybe it's her; maybe she's putting the ache in my chest and not the organ.

Sara's here. My little f**king sister who has nightmares and needs help when she gets up to go to the bathroom is in her room sleeping and Mom's going to drink. It might be because of Grandpa or maybe it's me, because I don't keep my mouth shut about him, but it doesn't matter. Suddenly I'm pissed. So pissed I want to scream at her to stop. Ask her what the hell she's doing. She doesn't drink when Sara's home! That's always been what made it manageable. That's the way things go. The way they've gone since Bill left and she started to drink. Who said she could switch up the rules?

Her eyes don't leave mine and mine hers. She knows she's been caught. My plate shakes in my hand, but I can't speak. What if Sara has one of her nightmares and Mom is drunk? What if Sara needs her and she's too out of it to know? How can she do this? What am I going to do now?

Without a word, I turn and walk out of the room. Tossing the plate on my desk, I fall into my chair knowing I won't sleep tonight. Knowing I have to listen for her. Sara wouldn't know what's going on if she catches Mom stumbling around, but I'm her brother-I'm one of Sara's favorite things and I'll be damned if I'll let her see Mom like that, whether she understands or not.

Chapter Six

There are a few clues to look for when you're curious how much someone drank. Now these aren't foolproof, but I pay attention to them anyway. They can help judge how the night was, how your day's going to be...how upset you need to be.

One of them makes my day hell because it calls for a whole lot of caffeine and video games all night to stay awake. How late does the light slide out from the under the other door at night? Does the TV stay on all night or go off at some time? In other words, do they pass out or actually go to bed. This is a pretty good indicator, but let me tell ya, sucks for the school day. Staying up at night, watching someone's door, isn't high on my list of things I like to do. Been there, done that, had the messy-morning hair to piss Mel off to show for it.

The other one is how early do they wake up? Late? The last minute before they're going to be late, or bright and early, whistling at the coffee pot and setting out the Cookie Crunch?

The TV went out last night...the light only on for a couple hours after we parted, but this morning-this morning she's up late. Hangover or guilt? I'm not sure. I'll have to wait until I see her to know.

You can always tell how much someone drank the night before by how they wake up. Out of it? Eyes kind of swollen? Sluggish like they didn't get any sleep or they're sick? There are even those times where you can tell the difference in speech. There's still that slight slur that says it hasn't even worn off yet.

I'm still waiting to see Mom firsthand to know how today is. Sara's been in and out of Mom's room a couple times. She's dressed and all that so I'm hoping it's guilt that keeps her behind her bedroom door. That she just doesn't want to see me because she knows how wrong she is. Knows she needs help, and is thinking about how to come down and tell me she's getting it.

Okay, so lack of sleep made me delusional, but a guy can hope.

Pushing away what should be my chocolate chip reward for keeping my eyes open all night, I lean my head into my hands.

Maybe she should feel guilty, but I should too.

For the ten thousandth time since last night I wonder, am I doing the right thing? I can deal with it. When it just affects me, who cares? I can take care of myself, but Sara? I won't let her see it. There's no way I can risk her. That never became a possibility until last night.

Guilt slams into those thoughts. This is Mom. Didn't I just tell Bill she'd never let anything happen to Sara? That she'd always take care of her and that she'd never get hurt? Is it that easy for me to turn my back on Mom? Maybe it wasn't what I thought. Maybe she realizes how wrong she was and it will never happen again. What kind of son jumps to conclusions like this the first time?

"Barney! Barney!" Sara slides into the kitchen, her sock-covered feet skidding on the floor. She's out the other side before I have the chance to say anything to her and the TV is on. She can work a TV and DVD player like nobody's business.

A second later Mom walks into the kitchen. I try to ignore her, not sure what to say, but I keep seeing that glass. Her stepping out of the closet, knowing Sara's asleep in the next room.

I'm not sad anymore. The guilt is gone, replaced by heat. Anger. How could she pick that bottle over Sara?

Suddenly, I don't want to study her. Don't want to see her eyes, or hear her speak. I just want out. To escape it and pretend everything is okay.

Done with my soggy cookies, I push to my feet and head for the kitchen door. Little mini-eruptions go off inside me, readying me for the big one I know is coming.

"I'm sorry."

Her words make me freeze in the kitchen door. We've never talked about it this way before. She didn't even mention what she's sorry for, but I know and there have never been apologies before. Usually it's something we pretend doesn't exist.

"It was a hard day. Your grandpa was angry...and..."

My hands clench. I hate him. Hate him for what he's done to her.

"But that's not an excuse. I'm sorry, Carter. It won't happen again."

I don't turn around to look at her. The sigh that comes from her tells me she's glad I didn't walk out. I'm glad too because I hear it in her voice. The hurt and fear would break me if I saw it in her eyes.

I'm sorry...

It won't happen again...

Those words wipe out the explosions inside me. Sober apologies are real. I know it. They have to be. She wouldn't lie about something like this. Would she? No...No, this is Mom and she wouldn't lie about something this important. Not to me.

Suddenly, I can breathe. I didn't even know I couldn't before. But it's going to be okay now because she said it won't happen again. "It's okay, Ma... It's okay."

I risk a quick glance at Mom before I walk out, feeling lighter than I have with her in a while.

My truck purrs to life when I start it. I have a ton of finished homework in my bag, and practice tonight. I'm determined today's going to be a kickass day. Okay, maybe that's stretching it, but a good day. A normal day.

I need normal, no drama.

Mel pops into my head, our arguments and what I'd decided to do last night.

Or what I think I'd decided. But were things really as bad as I was thinking last night? I mean, thirty minutes ago I was freaking out about Mom and now I'm suddenly sunshine and rainbows or something. Maybe things with Mel will get better too.

Or maybe I'm being too weak to risk the wrath of ending it. Is it wrong trying to hang on to the calm-the hope that for once everything really might be okay?

It's not until I get to school that I start to wonder... Did Mom mean it will never happen again, or just not when Sara's home?

***

We decide to go out to lunch today. Mel's driving with me in the passenger seat. Trina and Travis are in the back, sitting way too far apart from each other. Well, as far away as you can get in a Bug, that is. Her arms are crossed, obviously mad about something while Trav drums on his legs to non-existent music.

"What's with everyone today? Someone kick your puppy?" I reach over and put my hand on Mel's leg. It feels different. I've been touching this girl's leg for a year. Makes no sense that it would somehow feel different now. And not in a good way either.

"I'm in a good mood," I say, squeezing her leg. "You are too, aren't you, baby?" Liar, liar pants on fire. For a second I wonder if Mel will pick up on it the way Kira did. If suddenly I'm not a good liar anymore and she's going to call me on it. Tell me I'm fake, but she only looks over and smiles.

"I'm always in a good mood. I have a notebook in the glove box. Can you grab it?" she asks. I put it on her lap, but don't put my hand back, feeling wrong all of a sudden.

Lunch isn't long enough to eat there, so we grab our food to go. I drive Mel's car back so she can eat easier, picking at my own fries as we go. The car is way more silent than it should be, which gives thoughts and memories time to jump around in my head. So don't feel like going there. I'm determined to make this day, hell, all the days after it too, into something better than they've been.

"So, you guys want to do something this weekend? Maybe for the night? I'm sure I can pull the staying-at Travis's-card." It's then the genius of my mind strikes me. This is the perfect plan. I'm feeling a little weird about what happened with Mom anyway. Sara's going to be with Bill. Maybe it will help me and Mel, and Travis and Trina at the same time.

"Can't," Travis says. At the same time, Mel and Trina speak up about some cheer sleepover.

"What?" Anger starts to creep in. "Cheer sleepover? You guys have never done that before, have you?"

"Dude, let's plan a team night out!" Travis jumps into the conversation, but I'm still on the cheer thing.

"Mel, weren't you the one saying we never get to see each other?" Wow...I sound like a girl. What's wrong with me? Really, it's not even that I care. Do I?

I glance at Mel quickly, seeing if I feel that urge to touch her. Trying to figure out if it's really her I want to spend time with or if I'm a jerk who's using her because she gives me the sense of normal I crave.

"It's something new Trina and I came up with. We're captains this year and we really want to bring the team together." Mel's head is buried in a text on her cell. She looks up at me only to say, "Umm, careful. You're going to drip ketchup on my car."

So, Mel can't hang out. My body suddenly relaxes, and I pop the dripping fry in my mouth, not even realizing I'd been tense at the idea of spending time with her. It's like my body and brain are at war with each other. My head is telling me to do whatever I can to make this work because it fits. We fit. But my body? I'm just not sure I'm feeling it anymore.

When we get back to school, Trina and Mel go their way, and Trav and I head to English. It's not until we're almost there that I realize Mel didn't kiss me goodbye. Really, it's not a big deal, but for her it is. I mean, it wasn't too long ago Travis gave me shit about Mel and her leash.

"Is it weird that before we could hardly get two seconds to ourselves and now they want nothing to do with us?"

"Nope." Travis shakes his head. "It's normal. People grow...change...get antsy. I'm pretty sure there's an expiration date on all relationships."

I raise my eyebrows at him, wondering when he figured all this out. When he turned into Mr. Cynical all of a sudden. "And how close are we to ours?"

Travis pats me on the shoulder. "Just about expired, my friend." He turns and walks into class. In my head, I know he's right. I'm pretty sure we're past the expiration date, I'm just not man enough to clean out the fridge.

***

Mrs. Z's praise of my homework gives me a high that carries me to practice. Here, I don't need anything else but a ball in my hand and four teammates with me on the floor. When practice is over, Mel and Trina disappear to do whatever it is they're doing lately, leaving me and Trav on our own.

"Wanna do something? Tad's parents let him move into the room behind their house. People have been going there to chill and stuff. I've been a few times. It's crazy. He has a fridge full of beer in the closet and they don't even know!" Travis stands on the back of my truck.

Beer? Nope. Not feeling it. "When did you start chillin' with Tad?"

"When he started getting beer."

I laugh. "Nah, I'm going to head to the store. Mom wants me to help Kira." It pops out of my mouth without my meaning it to. Mom wanted me to help her yesterday, not today.

I start to walk toward the driver side when Travis says, "Ok. She's hot. I'll go with you."

My feet tangle and I stumble a little. Shaking it off, like I did it on purpose (which makes no sense. Who trips on purpose?), I look at him, trying to figure out why I'm annoyed while talking at the same time. "Dude, she's going to be working."

"Dude, who cares? I'm there with you. It's not going to interrupt her work if I'm looking...well, unless she's so into looking back she can't do her job." By now he's walked over to me, fist out and waiting for me to hit it. I swear I will my arm to do it, but the thing suddenly has a mind of its own and won't listen.

"I thought you were going to Tad's?" I keep digging myself a grave.

"Is there some reason you don't want me to go? I can go to Tad's later and I'm sure as shit not going home..."

Huh? "Why? What's up at home?" Travis has never talked like that.

"Nothing." He shakes it off. "Just boring. Plus I'm killing two birds with one stone here. A pretty girl first, then beer at Tad's. I like that plan."

"You have a girlfriend." Shut up, Carter. Close your mouth.

"And do you have a fever? What the hell's wrong with you?"

What the hell is wrong with me is right. "Get in the truck. I'm just giving you a hard time." I think.

***

Mom slips out of the store, mumbling something about errands and a quiet question of if I can help Kira if she needs it. My answer is just as quiet and mumbled, each of us treading the uncomfortable ground between us.

"Catch you later, Ms. Delilah. You're looking lovely today, by the way!" Travis calls after Mom, who rolls her eyes at him, before waving goodbye.

"Dude, why do you flirt with my mom?"

He shrugs. "She's hot. She's single"

"What the hell, Campbell!" I shove him. "Don't call my mom hot."

"Why? She is." Kira steps up beside us.

"Umm, no. She's really not. Again, she's my mom. Pretty sure that's against the law."

Trav puts his arm around Kira's shoulders. "She's on my side so I'm sticking with her. Why don't you enlighten us on why it's illegal?"

I suddenly want to punch my best friend in the face. Again. "Because she's old. Plus, it's against the guy code. Thou shall not covet your best friend's mom." Or put your arm around the pretty girl with the braids, even though I have no reason to care about that.

Kira laughs, steps out from under Travis's arm and touches my shoulder. "I think you're safe, Sleepy. I'm pretty sure your mom wouldn't go for him." She walks over to a stand of books and starts organizing. Grabbing his heart, Travis is right behind her.

"What? You don't think Ms. Delilah would go for me? I'm crushed. Well...she's not really my type either." Travis's eyebrows go up.

I stand back in awe, wondering when Travis got so much game. He's totally flirting with her and I'm stuck between wanting to give him props and kicking him out. I mean, it's harmless. Not the dissing-your-girlfriend flirting, so what's my deal?

"So, how's your girlfriend, Romeo?" Kira teases him.

Travis shakes his head. "Oh, I see how it is. I can take a hint. Travis isn't allowed to be nice because he has a girlfriend. Forget that said girlfriend has split personalities, liking him one minute and trying to kill him the next. Oh, and I'm pretty sure she's up to something shady, too, but no, Travis can't be friendly to the new girl or ogle his best friend's mom."

"Dude! Shut up about my Mom."

"I'm kidding, Sleepy. Simmer down."

I'm pretty sure I'm coming off like a douchebag today. "Whatever. I'm doing some homework."

"Oh! What's the bet today? What do you want from me that I can bribe you with?" Kira steps up onto a stool, dusting books. I groan, unable to hold it back. She looks like an office worker today. A hot office worker with a tight skirt that goes down to her knees, with a matching jacket-thing. The difference is, her jacket has little glittery things on it, that look like she glued them there herself.

"So not touching that one." Travis laughs, walking over to the table and plopping down.

"I don't know... I'll let you know when I figure one out."

She giggles, but doesn't reply, and keeps working. I sit with Travis, pulling out my books.

"We're really doing homework? Why are we doing homework?" Travis asks.

My reply is a shrug. Not like I can tell him I'm a slacker and might get kicked off the team if I don't bring up my English grade. Then something he said a few minutes before pops into my head. "What did you mean by thinking Trina is up to something shady?"

Travis leans backward in the chair, crossing his arms. "I don't know, bro... it's just. It's been weird lately. Even before they suddenly started doing all that cheer stuff with Sam. I don't know, it's been different for like a month, but more lately. Every time we're together she's on my ass about something, but she's spending more time with Sam. You know her parents are never home and Devin always has his friends around. I don't trust it."

My body stiffens. If something's going on with Trina, it's going on with Mel too. I can't figure out if I care or not. I mean, really care.

"The thing is," Travis leans forward, his voice low like he doesn't want Kira to know that guys really talk about important stuff too. "It should piss me off. I mean, if I think she's being shady. It's just like, whatever though. I'm kind of over it, know what I mean? People break up all the time. No matter how long they've been together." Travis's voice is stiff.

I do, but the difference is, I'm not sure if I have the nerve to do anything about it. "Are you going to talk to her? You guys have been together a long time." But I know he's made the decision; he really is going to break it off with her.

He laughs a little. "You so don't like change, do you? It'll be okay. We'll have joint custody of you. Mel can have you sometimes, but you're still my boy."

Kira steps up beside me, pulling the third chair out and sitting down. "What'd I miss?"

"Just me saying homework is way too boring for me. I'll catch you guys later. I'm gonna walk down to Tad's." Travis winks at Kira who gives him one right back, then ruffles my hair like he's my dad and I'm eight. "Cha-cha-cha-Changes," he sings and walks out.

Kira grabs her bag out from under the table and pulls out her books, too. Without a word, she opens one and gets to work. My book is calling to me, but I can't make myself reply.

"Where'd you move here from?" I ask, not sure where the question came from.

Her eyes don't leave her book, but I see her smile. It's like the inside of my chest hiccups or something at the sight.

"Get your homework done and I'll tell you."

I'm halfway through reading the directions when I realize I'm smiling too.

Chapter Seven

Trina is crying when I get to school. Mel's got her arm around her, shushing her and going on and on about how big a jerk Travis is. It makes me feel like shit. Girls and crying are two things I don't like together. It makes me want to make things better and really makes me not want to be the guy who does this to someone else.

"You don't need him, Trin. Plus, you didn't even know if you wanted to be with him anymore, either. Don't let him win."

Wow...that's news to me. Trina didn't want to be with Travis? It makes me wonder if he was right. If there's more going on than I know about.

Trina looks up at Mel and notices me standing behind her. Awkwardly, I wave at her. "Hey, Trin. Sorry about...you know."

Trina shrugs and starts crying more. So my cue to leave only I don't get the chance. Mel says, "Can you give us a minute, Carter? This is a girl thing."

Thank God! "Sure. I'll see you guys later."

By the time lunch comes around, I realize I'm screwed. There's no way the four of us are sitting together. Who do I have lunch with? My best friend or my girlfriend?

"We're not sitting with him at lunch," Mel says when she walks up to me, reading my mind. She's flanked by Trina and Sam, her new BFF.

"I can't just ditch him." They're sticking together so it makes sense I should hang out with Travis. I think. Or I did until Mel gets that look on her face like she's been taken over by an alien. A very pissed off alien.

"He dumped her for no reason, on the phone, Carter. How is that okay? Would you break up with me like that?"

Okay, so maybe he should have done it in person, but that's their deal, not mine. I hold up my hands. "Umm, how did this turn into something about us? I'm not Travis, but I am his friend. You guys are here with Trina. What's wrong with me wanting to be there for him?"

"Whatever, Carter. Take his side."

She tries to walk away, but I grab her hand. "Hey, did I wake in in some parallel universe or something? Why are you mad at me? I'm sorry they broke up, but I don't get why we're fighting about it." I guess it's because all we do is fight lately, but still.

Mel sighs. "I'm not mad. It's just...I don't know. Hard day? Just go. I'll talk to you later."

Letting go of her hand, I do just that.

***

The next two weeks fly by. I'm too busy with basketball and getting ready for our first game-a home game--to worry about much else. Mel and I don't spend much time together, but it's not like we're fighting, we're just busy. She's got cheer and girl stuff. I have basketball and homework. Some days go by where we don't really talk at all.

Mom's been perfect. No sharp, alcoholic scent, no stumbling nights or accidentally walking into my room instead of hers, even when Sara's been with Bill. I hate that it took her drinking with Sara home to make her see she has to quit, but I'm thankful for it, too. Glad that Mom loves my little sister enough to pick her over the bottle.

My life is finally coming together. I don't have to lie. I'm not pulled in a million different directions, treading that line of right and wrong, always afraid I'm on the wrong side of it. I don't have Mel on my case or Mom to worry about. I'm just Carter and it feels good.

"Carter, can you stay after class for a minute?" Mrs. Z asks when the bell rings. Travis pats me on the back and walks out. Kira wasn't at school today, which makes me wonder if she'll to be at the store tonight. We've done homework together a few times over the last two weeks, but even that's slowed down because of basketball.

"Sure." My shoulders rise and fall in a shrug, like I really have a choice.

She's sitting behind her desk and I stand in front of it. "I just wanted to let you know I'm proud of you. You're doing a good job catching up. You're almost there. The lure of basketball must be really strong."

Yeah, it is. That and a clear head too. "For sure."

"That's all I wanted to tell you. Keep up the good work, Carter." Mrs. Z holds out her hand and I shake it. "Good luck at your game tomorrow."

***

Practice is over. All the guys are just as pumped as I am knowing this is the last practice before our first game. We're shoving each other around the locker room celebrating the awesomeness that is the Jacksonville Lancers.

"Whose house?" I yell one last time.

"Our house!" They all chant around me and then go their separate ways. I'm waiting for Travis to finish tying his shoes when Jackson comes up to me.

"What's up, Shaw?"

I nod my head at him.

"Hey... I didn't know you and Melanie broke up. Sucks."

"Dun, dun, duuun." Travis sings from the bench.

"What? We didn't break up. What makes you say that?"

Jackson looks like he might swallow his tongue. "Nothing...nothing. I just haven't seen you guys together much. That's all."

Yeah, and he wanted to make sure before he could go for her. I'm not stupid. "Back off, J. We're still together."

Jackson nods. By then Travis is ready and we head for the hallway and out to the parking lot. It's always awkward. Will we see the girls or not? Luckily I haven't had to choose between whom to hang out with lately, but we still have these exchanges where Trav waits in the wings while Trina and Mel look at him like he's a murderer.

I'm still kind of thinking about Jackson. Yeah, he likes Mel. Everyone does so I know where his question came from, but still, it rubs me the wrong way.

"God, I'm so glad school's over. I can't wait to go out tonight," Travis says.

"You're going out?" I ask. There's a really screwed up part of me who wants to tell him not to go out before a game day. I mean, this is our first home game, and we all need our heads in it, but I realize that sounds...well, like I'm a parent...or a girl...or like I don't have a social life.

"Yep." I don't have time to ask him what he's doing because he says, "Holee shit," the second we step outside.

I automatically groan, figuring his words mean we're in for it, but then I see something bright orange behind my truck. It bobs and weaves around the back until it's more in view and that's when I realize it's a head. A bright, blind your eyes orange head. "No way..."

"Kira has orange hair," Trav says. "Why does she have orange hair?"

For a second, he sidetracks me. "Why do you repeat things like that?"

"Some things need to be repeated, man. Kira has orange hair."

She does. I look over at her and smile. She's leaning against my truck all normal-like. I mean, not like a chick with orange hair. "Yeah. Sara told her she wanted her to add some orange and I tried to give her shit by making her do the whole thing like that." Then more to myself I add, "I can't believe she really did it."

By now the guys are all coming out of the hallway, mixed in with the girls from cheer. Laughs and comments about Kira's hair start popping up around us. I ignore them and keep walking toward her. I take in her black stretch pants. The long shirt with little tears in it, little flashes of orange showing through each rip. It's not an old shirt, you can tell, but purposely like that. It's like some strange retro-rockstar look but somehow it works on her.

"Who are you?" jumps out of my mouth when I reach her.

"Hmm, I know the hair is a big change, but I didn't realize I wasn't recognizable."

"That's not what I mean," but that's all I say. I don't even know if I understand what I meant.

"Then I can't help you."

I can't stop thinking this girl dyed her freaking hair orange. For my sister. That she's walking around in public like this and doesn't care what anyone thinks. I don't know any other girl who would do this. I wouldn't do it.

"Sara's going to freak. I hope you don't mind if she tackles you. She gets a little over excited and this is..."

"Orange hair?" she supplies for me.

"Yep."

"It won't last long. It's the spray stuff, but I promised your sister so I wanted to do it."

For the first time, I notice she took her braid out. Her hair is now free, hanging in curls that go down a little past her shoulders. It would look good if it wasn't orange.

"Is she at the store tonight? I wasn't sure if she's there or with Bill."

Hearing her say Bill's name shocks me a little. I can't remember if Mel even knows Sara's dad's name. "She should be there. She goes to her dad's tomorrow."

"So you did this for his sister? Did she pay you?" Travis laughs, reminding me he's still here.

"Nope. She's got style though. I might let her pick my next look." She turns to me. "Hope you had a good practice. I'm going to see Sara now." All I get is a little wave over her shoulder while she's walking away.

"Hey!" I call after her. "I'm going that way. Do you want a ride?"

Without turning around, she shakes her head. "Nope! It's a gorgeous evening to see how many cars I can get to stop and check out my hair!"

Chuckling, I stand there watching her walk away, in her black and orange clothes. Orange hair, head held high as people laugh and point. Me? I just keep staring.

Travis elbows me. "Dude, when it comes to that girl, you are so screwed."

He doesn't have to say it twice.

***

"Are we riding to the party together?" Mel and I are standing in the hallway, outside the locker room. I'm already in my uniform, but have a few minutes before the team has to get together pre-game.

"I don't know...I was thinking I'd ride with Trina. It's her first party since she and Travis broke up."

I exhale, excited at the idea of a night just to relax. To not have to worry about my hair being messy or getting ketchup in her car. But then there's the other part who's a little annoyed. What's the point of us being together if we're never together? Do I even want us to still be a couple or am I just too big a p**sy to do anything about it? "Mel...did you know Jackson came up to me and asked when we broke up? You should have seen the look on his face when I told him we were still together."

Her face pales. "I..."

"Come on." I step closer to her. "We've all gone together before." I touch her hair to see how it feels. It's still soft, so soft that I want to bury my hand in it, but that's all I feel. I don't get that electric, I-have-to-touch-you-now feeling I used to get when I touched her.

Testing the waters, I step closer again. This is my girlfriend. I should be feeling something right now. That's when I realize what I'm doing-it's a test. I need to know how things are with us. Need to know which is more powerful, that part of me who got happy at the thought of another free night or the one who used to be into this girl. The one who could forget about all his demons when he was with her.

Mel steps away from me. "Yeah...yeah, okay. I gotta run though. I'll see you after the game." She jogs away without another word.

"Shaw! Get your ass in here. Coach wants us." Travis ducks in the locker room, but then his head pokes out again. "I almost forgot. I saw Kira and she said to tell you good luck. She said something else about her whole future of watching our games hinges on this game or something. Whatever that means."

So she's scared I'm going to embarrass her like her old school? Yeah, I don't even need to know that to still know we're going to win.

***

Eighteen points, eight rebounds and eleven assists. The whole gym is chanting LANCERS! LANCERS! Mel and the cheerleaders are jumping up and down because of our sixteen point win. But me? I'm flying. My heart is hammering harder than it's ever beat before. There's nothing in the world like this feeling. It's like being shocked by lightening, but in a good way. All lit up...electric and invincible.

"Carter! Carter!" Sara calls. I'm amazed that I hear her over all the noise, but I reach out and grab her hand before someone runs her over.

"Did you see that, Twig? I told you we'd win."

She wraps her tiny arms around me. "Did you score points for me? You said. I watched. How many?" She keeps starting different sentences, too excited to know which one to go with.

"Eighteen and they were all for you, kid." I set her down as Mom hugs me.

"Good game, you."

"Thanks, Ma." Just like every day since that one night, her eyes are crystal clear. Her scent untainted.

"We have to go. Bill's expecting Sara. I suppose you're going out?"

I nod my reply.

"Be good and be home by curfew." She gives me a quick kiss. "I'm proud of you."

Left and right people come up, congratulating me. Before the locker room. After.

Mel and Trina are bouncing up and down in the car, making me wonder why I thought it would be a good idea to ride with two girls to a party. After we get out of the car, I grab Mel's hand and pull her to me. "We'll be right there, Trin," I call to her.

I'm standing here, holding her around the waist and I realize I don't remember the last time I kissed my girlfriend. "Are you going to tell me congratulations?" I ask and lean toward her. It's nothing but a quick press of our lips before we both pull away.

"Congrats, Carter."

I step away, and then another step. Wow...I got nothing. What does this mean? Maybe the bigger question is what do I do now?

Mel doesn't give me a chance to figure it out. "Oh! I love this song! Come on, Carter. Let's go inside."

She whirls away and runs inside, not looking back. I don't try to catch up.

Chapter Eight

I've been here almost two hours and I've only seen a ghost of Mel here and there. We talk for five seconds and then she's gone again, which is okay, because I've been with Travis most of the night. He's got a beer in his hand and me a soda. It's not always easy to explain my no-drinking thing. Travis has never asked me about it, but I'm sure he wonders. Other people give me crap, but I make up BS excuses every time. I've seen enough of what that shit does to know not to put a drop of it in my system.

Grandpa was an alcoholic.

Mom was/is an alcoholic.

Yeah, totally not going there.

"This party is kind of lame," Travis yells, downing the rest of the beer in his bottle.

"For sure. Better than being home, though."

Travis has been quiet most of the night, drumming on his legs like he's been doing a lot lately. If it wasn't for ball, he'd be in a band. He has drums in his garage that he's always screwing around with.

"What's up? You've been weird."

Travis shrugs, without giving anything away. He twists his hat around so it's facing frontward.

"You still think it was the right thing to break it off with, Trina?" I ask. Part of me wonders if that's what's bothering him, but the other part wants to know for myself. Will I regret it if I end it with Mel?

"Yep. I know it was. I've met like three different girls since then!"

He sounds like Travis when he's speaking, but something is different. His face is sort of tight. Maybe it's just that he hardly ever wears his hat like that.

"Oh, Orange. Twelve o'clock." He nods his head behind me. I turn and see the top of an orange head above the crowd. It's faded a lot since yesterday. I'm assuming she spent like three hours in the shower trying to get that crap out. Now it's more like an orangish-brown leaf instead of a carrot.

No matter what color it is, she's not tall enough for her head to be over the crowd like that. "What's she doing?" I ask, as if Travis knows more than I do.

"Don't know. Let's find out." He starts weaving his way through the crowd with me at his heels. The closer we get I realize she's standing on a coffee table. Standing isn't the right word, she's dancing up there, like she's in her own little world. It's not really a fast song, but not a slow song either, but her body is swaying back and forth to the music. Her eyes are closed, so lost in what she's doing that I wonder if she's made herself think she's alone. I could never do that-block everyone else out like that. Well, I guess I kind of do when I'm playing, but it's different.

Kira turns, puts her arms above her head and shimmies. There's a group of people standing around the table, watching her, but I know she's not doing it for them. She's doing it for herself.

She's wearing a leather-looking skirt and a short shirt. A sliver of caramel skin on her stomach shows when she lifts her arms.

"Wow..." Travis says from beside me.

I can't find the words to reply.

A guy jumps up behind her, wraps his arms around her waist to try and dance with her. My feet start to carry me forward, but I stop when she pushes him down, then gets right back to what she's doing.

The song fades into something louder, harder. She jumps up and down to the beat a couple times and then leaps to the floor. All the people around her are talking to her, but I can't hear what they're saying. She smiles at them all, replies to a few, but starts walking our way.

Once she gets through her crowd of admirers her eyes scan the people before landing on us. Or me. Or us. I'm not sure.

"Fancy seeing you here." I'm not sure if she's talking to me or Travis, but I'm hoping it's me. She wipes her forehead and I swear, it's never been so sexy to see a girl sweat before. Back up, Shaw. You still have a girl. Stop calling this girl sexy.

"It's a party. Not like we'd miss it." Travis answers her. She turns to me.

"Are you a party animal, Carter? You don't seem the type." Her voice is light, flirty.

I hold up my soda. "Nope. I'm benched."

She smiles, grabs the soda out of my hand and drains it. "Thanks, Sleepy. Though I'm not sure I can call you that anymore. I'll have to think of a new name for you."

I'm struck dumb. I can't think of anything to say. My name is Carter? Why do you need to come up with a new name for me? All of it makes me sound like a loser so I nod, which I'm pretty sure has the same affect.

"Good game, guys. Congrats on your first win."

"Thanks."

Travis has suddenly started talking to someone else who walks up. It shouldn't, but it makes me happy. I'm not sure why, but I want this girl all to myself right now. Which is all kinds of dumb. Might make me an a**hole too since my girlfriend is somewhere at this party, but it's not like I'm doing anything wrong.

"So does that mean you're going to come to the games? Now that you know we won't embarrass you?"

"Ugh! I guess. Thanks a lot. Normally I'm not really a sporty-kind-of-girl, but I actually enjoyed it a little. Now you're giving me a personality complex."

I'm pretty sure she's always had one. It's on the tip of my tongue to ask her what kind of girl she is. She's not a sporty girl, not a cheerleader. She dances on tables and would rather walk than get a ride. She doesn't even dress in the same style two days in a row or keep the same hairstyle or color for long. Does she know who she is? I'm dying to find out.

"Everyone should love basketball. You should be happy I'm making you love it. It's the only place in the world I can totally lose myself."

Holy crap. I can't believe I just said that.

She puts her hand on her hip, looking thoughtful. "And why would you need to lose yourself, Carter Shaw?"

All sorts of lies start popping into my head. Covers for what I meant. Jokes to play it off, but I can't make any of them come out. Instead I go back to my earlier method of making myself look like a loser by standing there and doing nothing.

"Let's bail!" Travis grabs my arm, pulling my attention away from Kira. "A couple guys are going to start a game outside."

My limbs start feeling jumpy, ready to let loose on the court.

"You just got done playing. You guys are obsessed."

Nope. Not obsessed, but definitely needing to clear my head. This girl makes me feel like I've been drinking more than caffeine and sugar tonight. "You don't get this good by not practicing." I wink at her, feeling a little more like myself, but also knowing it's a good thing for me to get away from her. I might not know what's going on with me and Mel, but I do know I do not need to let myself get wrapped up in someone when l have a girlfriend.

"Catch ya later, Kira."

"See ya, Carter."

***

It's not a challenge to play ball with a bunch of drunken, or at least buzzed, people. But it's definitely fun. My cheeks hurt from laughing so hard at all the times everyone except for me has landed on the ground, tossed the ball over the backboard when going in for a layup, or even bounced it off the rim, hitting themselves in the head.

These are the kinds of drunk people I can handle. Kids are supposed to screw up and drink, right? I mean, that's what being young is about. Screwing up and learning from it. By the time you hit Mom's age, you're supposed to know better.

Speaking of... "I'm done!" I call out.

"What? Are you wussing out on us?" Travis replies.

"Nope. I'm going to find my girlfriend." Which I don't really want to do, but I guess it's time, right? Even though she's ditched me all night, somehow it will be my fault so this way, at least I can say I tried. But that's after I do what I really stopped to do.

Walking toward the side of the house, I pull out my cell phone, hit the number two and wait for it to call Mom. It's eleven, but I know she's up. She usually reads or watches TV in bed until I get home. Well, when she's sober she does.

My heart rate picks up a little, jumping from the already accelerated beat from playing. Will she be sober? But then I remember she will. She told me it wouldn't happen again and Mom wouldn't lie to me.

"Hellllllooo."

Ice freezes across my body. That one word. That one hello changes everything because I know what kind of greeting it is. It's not a tired hello. It's a drunk hello. I hear it in the tone of her voice. The way she drags the syllables out. That's all it takes.

"Mom?"

She pauses before saying, "Hey!" Her voice is a little clearer, but it's too late. I already know.

I feel like there's a basketball shoved in my throat. Like my heart has multiple personalities, switching between a rapid beat and wanting to stop all together. How could I have thought she'd quit? Or quit for me, I mean.

Somehow I find a way to exhale a breath around the basketball. As long as she meant it when Sara's home, that's all that matters. She never really promised to quit all the time. Just with Sara.

"Can I stay at Travis's house?" The words come from nowhere but the tenseness in my muscles, the ache in the pit of my stomach tells me I can't go home. Can't see her because then I'll be mad. I am mad, but this is my mom and I don't want to hate her. Which is what I'm afraid will happen. If I keep seeing it, I'll hate her.

"Mmm hmm. Of course. You're being good, right?"

Okay, so not tripping down the stairs drunk. She's checking on me. That means she's at that in- between period where it can go either way. It's that buzz where if she has a couple more, it's the Mom I want to hate. Go to sleep. Put the glass down and go to sleep.

"Yeah...I'm always good." And then because I can't hold the words back. Because part of me wants to fight back even though she might not remember it or know what I mean, I say, "Are you?"

Her voice trembles when she sighs. "Don't, Carter."

Don't what? I want to ask. No, I want to yell. Yell at the top of my f**king lungs, DON'T WHAT? Get drunk to forget all the bad shit? Shovel it on my son instead? But I can't. God, I can't. It's not her fault.

My hand shakes the same as her voice did. "Sorry...night, Ma. I'll see you tomorrow."

Instead of waiting for her to respond, I hit end, shoving the phone in my pocket as though that will make it all go away. Make it so this whole thing isn't real.

Why am I freaking out this much? I've seen this before, heard it before, but it's like all I hear is her voice right now. I'm dizzy, her drinks affecting me as though I'm the one who drank them. I believed her. How could I have believed her?

"Devin...don't. Not here."

Mel.

Heat flares over my skin, melting the ice from earlier.

"Come on...you said you were breaking up with him. Don't make me regret wanting a high school girl."

"I am...I think...it's hard. Winter Formal's coming up. I've been with Carter for a long time. My parents... Everyone expects-."

I can't stop myself from stomping through the leaves, around the shed and toward the voices walking the opposite direction. "Melanie." My voice is smooth, when I feel anything but.

She whips around. Devin, standing next to her. "Carter! Hey, I was looking for you. We were just talking. What's wrong, baby?" She starts to step toward me.

"Don't." I use the same word Mom just used on me. How can she do this to me now? Tonight? When all I need is something...someone to make everything else go away. Mom...Mel, do any of them mean what they say? "Well, at least I don't have to put up with your bitching anymore. It was getting old."

"What? My bitching? Don't talk to me like that, Carter." Her arms are crossed. Queen Melanie isn't used to anyone talking to her this way.

"Why? You're screwing Devin, aren't you? I figure the least I can do is call you on your attitude. I mean, I get it. Are you scared you won't be Winter Formal queen if we're not together? Afraid you won't have someone to drive your car for you at lunch if your boyfriend's out of school?" I turn to Devin. "Be careful, bro. She bites. Best make sure your clothes aren't too wrinkled for her, or you don't drop some f**king ketchup in princess's car."

It's hard to hear my own words over the beat of my pulse, pounding in my ears.

"Screw you, Carter! You're such a jerk! We're so over. I haven't wanted you for a while anyway." Mel's face turns as pink as her lipstick.

I want to tell her no. That we're not over because I just want someone to go on pretending everything is okay with, but another part, a bigger part of me is grateful. So thankful to be free. To have one aspect in my life I don't have to pretend with if I don't want. "Is that supposed to hurt? Oh no. Let me go pretend I have a broken heart now so you can keep feeling good about yourself. So you can pretend to feel guilty while you're screwing around with this douchebag."

"Fuck you, Shaw. Watch who you're talking shit about." Now it's Devin who starts walking toward me.

Okay, so this probably isn't something a guy should admit, but I've never been in a fight in my life. I'm okay with keeping that record, but there's no way I'm backing down to him. "Or what?" I step forward too. "What are you going to do about it?"

Another voice bursts into our conversation. "Okay boys, as much as I love a good testosterone fest, I'm thinking we all need to simmer down." Kira steps between me and Devin, her hand on my chest. "Come on, Mike Tyson. Let's get out of here."

"What is she doing here?" Mel screams. "Are you messing around with her, Carter?"

Who does she think she is?

"Yeah, from what I heard, you're not one to talk. Besides, you just dumped him, so I'm not sure why you care," Kira says over her shoulder.

"Screw you! I hate you, Carter. You ruined everything!" Mel turns and runs the opposite direction. The douche follows her.

My breaths are still pushing out fast and hard, my hands still fisted.

"Easy there, Tiger. Come on. Let's go."

Mom. Mel. Mom. Mel. How could everything fall apart in one night?

"Carter...she's not worth it. Let's go toss some baskets or whatever it is you do when you need to relax."

My eyes dart to hers. Somehow that gets my attention. "Toss some baskets? You really need a lesson in basketball."

Still, the night isn't forgotten that easy. I feel like a chump. Step up! Let's see how many people can fool Carter Shaw! One empty promise to quit and I believed Mom. And Mel. I knew something was going on, but I ignored it.

I fall back against a tree, both my hands running through my hair. I almost want to open my mouth and tell her about Mom. Just to get out the words I've never spoken to anyone. I've seen her drunk so many times, I can't figure out why this one call has me so spazzed out.

"Hey...you okay? You look like you're about to puke or something."

I open my mouth, not knowing what's going to come out. "I seriously think you're following me. You know, if you want to hang out, all you have to do is ask."

A small laugh escapes her mouth. "Good try, but no cigar. You're pissed about something and I have a feeling it's a lot more than just your ex-girlfriend, but I'll play along if it makes you feel better. I was helping Travis look for you. He's leaving, but wanted to talk to you first."

My body sags a little. I hadn't wanted her to have an excuse for finding me.

"Shaw! Where the hell are you?" drifts toward me from the house. My feet itch to run, not wanting to see him. Not wanting to see anyone right now. I feel like I'm one step away from cracking, which I cannot do unless I'm alone.

"Back here!" I try to make myself smile, try to push everything else away and be the Carter everyone expects me to be.

Travis comes stomping over a few seconds later. "What? Oh..." His eyes linger on Kira.

"Yeah, not what you're thinking, man." I make myself laugh for good measure.

"Damn. I'm sorry." He gives a real laugh and Kira rolls her eyes. I hear her mumble something that sounds like, "boys."

"Beer's almost gone here. I'm out. We're going to go play some pool or something at Roger's house. Wanna come?"

I pass a reply back and forth in my head. Yes, no, yes, no. No wins. I can't be Happy Carter tonight. "Nah, I think I'm gonna head home. You cool though? Sober driver and all?" I ask.

Travis nods. "Yeah. Roger's girl doesn't drink. She's driving." He holds his fist out for a bump. "Have fun," Travis winks. "Text me tomorrow." Then he's stumbling away again.

Kira's standing next to me, silent while I try to quiet the voices running around in my head. Mel and I just broke up. I was over her, but still it's weird. And Mom...if she's drinking now, how can I trust her not to try it again when Sara's home?

I shake my head, hoping the thoughts will fall out. And suddenly, even though I know it's better, I don't want to be alone. "Hey. If you're not busy..." Spit it out, Shaw. I shrug. "I don't know... You want that basketball lesson?"

She doesn't complain about how it's almost midnight. She doesn't ask me again what's wrong or tell me the last thing she wants to do on a Friday night is play a sport she hates with a guy who's obviously screwed up in the head. Instead she looks at me and smiles. "Okay...but you can't get mad if I beat you."

Chapter Nine

I park the truck in the farthest parking spot away from the street, hoping no one will notice it. "You haven't been drinking, have you?" I ask Kira.

"Nope." She opens the door, making the interior light come on.

"Good. If you see a cop, still run, but if we get caught, I'm sure we won't get into trouble. Hanging out in the park after curfew isn't as bad as being drunk and under twenty-one."

"Great. The first time you take me out and we might get arrested. Lana's going to love you." Kira slams the door after she jumps out. I scramble out of my seat behind her.

"I don't want your mom-"

"Guardian."

Oops. "Sorry. Your guardian to want to kill me. Should we go?" Say no.

"No."

Thank you!

"But I will totally blame it on you if we get caught." She smiles, making me think-or hope-she's kidding. Kira's already walking toward the basketball court she saw me at the first day we met. Grabbing my basketball out of the cab, I push the door closed and run after her.

The court is set far off the street and down a path. We really shouldn't get caught. I've played here enough at night, but I still throw a quick request to the big guy upstairs that we get by unscathed tonight. The last thing I need is to have the cops call my mom to pick me up.

Suddenly, my feet won't move. Holy shit. What would I do if the cops called Mom? She couldn't come and get me. Would they make her? Send me home on my own? "Hey... You sure we should stay? I mean, I don't want you to get into trouble or anything."

She doesn't stop walking and I make my feet move again. It always feels like I'm trying to catch up with this girl. "You won't. I'll be fine. Unless..." Finally, she stops walking.

When I reach her, I'm shaking my head. "No, no. I'm cool. Come on. Let's go."

When we get to the court, I start to feel a little stupid. Why did I invite a girl who's not into ball to the basketball court? I mean, I'm sure she really doesn't want to spend her Friday night learning basketball 101 when she's already told me it's not her thing. Now that we're here, I don't even know if she really wants me to show her or if she just came because she felt sorry for me. Or maybe she wants to watch me. Usually it doesn't bother me when people watch, but times like tonight, where I just need the leather between my hands to feel grounded to something, I don't really want an audience.

Which makes me wonder why I invited her here in the first place.

"So I'm guessing heels and basketball don't really go well together?" Kira's steady voice pulls me out of my thoughts.

"Um...no." I dribble the ball to keep myself busy. "I guess I didn't really think this through very well."

She shrugs, pulling off her shoes and tossing them to the side.

"You can't play with no shoes on. What if you step on something?"

"I'll be okay, Mom. Just make sure you don't stomp on my feet."

Like always she pulls a small laugh out of me. "Ha ha. See? I try to be a gentleman and you make fun of me. Nice."

"Are those the same shoes you play your games in?"

"Um, no. Why?"

"Give them to me."

"What? Then what will I wear?"

Kira crosses her arms. "Oh, I was under the impression you were being a gentleman."

My eyes fall closed and I shake my head, knowing she got me. "Fine, but just so you know, I wouldn't do this for just anyone. And if I step on something and get hurt, I'm totally suing."

"Deal." She takes my Nikes and pulls them on. They're obviously big on her. I doubt she'll even be able to run without tripping. "And at least you have socks. That's some protection."

"Socks? Protection my ass." This time, it's me who mumbles, "girls" the same way she did boys.

"Okay, so what's first, coach?" She holds out her hand, answering my question about whether we're really playing basketball class or not. I toss her the ball.

"Let me see how you shoot." I grab her arm and pull her forward a little, about where the free throw line is.

With her feet apart, she pulls her hands in the air and I stop her. "Nope. Not right at all. Here." I step up behind her. Patting one of her legs, I say, "Move this leg a little. Yep, like that. Raise the ball up, with two hands, but put one on the side a little." She does it, but wrong. Reaching my arms around her I touch her wrist. "Over a little. Yeah, like that. Then the other hand at the back of the ball."

I'm behind her, arms on each side of her, my hands on hers. It's not until I smell girl that I realize how close I am to her. I don't even know what the scent is-some kind of sweet perfume that goes straight to my head. Her back's against my chest. My arms are around her. I suck in another breath because, man, girls smell good. When you're this close to one, it's impossible not to suck it all in and drown in it. "Is...Is this...okay?"

She chuckles. I don't know if it's wishful thinking or not, but I think it sounds a little more raspy than usual.

"Sure thing, Coach. It's the only way to learn, right?"

Oh, yeah. This is about basketball. It's the first time in my life I haven't fully appreciated the sport because while it did get me this close to her, it's not the reason a guy wants to be close to a girl. "Absolutely."

Trying to make myself concentrate on what I'm doing rather than how soft she is... What is that smell? Strawberries? Okay, I'm going the wrong way here.

"You're going to bend your right wrist a little so the ball tilts backward. Smoothly flick your wrist forward a little, letting the ball kind of roll out of your hand, off your fingers. One fluid movement, 'kay?" Basketball, basketball, basketball.

I step away from her. She shoots it hard, bouncing the ball roughly off the front of the rim. "Oops."

Running around her, I grab the ball and give it back to her. "Totally my fault. Hold the ball like you did last time." She gets into position and I get behind her. Teasingly, I push my knees into the back of hers, trying not to focus on wondering what her legs feel like. Trying not to regret wearing pants so I would know firsthand. "Bend your legs a little. Not too much, but enough to give yourself a little leeway. There you go. Like that. Arm up a little more. Perfect."

It's dumb. All kinds of dumb, actually. I mean, I got dumped by Mel tonight. I'm all screwed up over Mom, but I need to feel her. Need to forget everything else, so I slide my hands down her arms instead of pulling them away before stepping around her.

"Okay, watch me." Did my voice just shake? I hope she doesn't notice.

I bend my legs, put my hand up like there is a ball in them. "You're going to push off the ground a little. You can jump, but you don't have to. Just give yourself a little push. At the same time, shoot the ball. Nice and smooth, remember." I demonstrate a jump shot. "Your turn."

Kira stands there a few seconds, focusing on the basket, then does exactly what I said. Her form is almost perfect. The ball flies out of her hand. The arch is a little high, but that's okay. Nothing wrong with a rainbow shot as long as it goes in. Which is does. Missing the rim completely and sliding straight though the net.

"There you go! Nothing but the bottom of the-umpf!" She flies at me like Sara does, crashing into me, but it feels different. Way different than my little sister launching herself at me.

"I did it!" The hug is too short for my liking. "I'm good, huh? See how fast of a learner I am? Come on, let's do it again."

She doesn't have to ask me twice. Ruining my white socks, I run for the ball and bring it back to her. She shoots a couple more jump shots. I try and teach her to dribble through her legs which probably isn't the smartest move since she's wearing a skirt, but it's kind of fun. The layups don't go as smoothly as jump shots, especially with the oversized shoes. It takes her throwing the ball over the back, bouncing off the bottom of the rim, and every other screw up you can think of before she makes one, but eventually she does. I swear her face brightens up enough to lighten the park if the lamps went out.

It's not until she falls against the wall, sitting on the ground, that I realize I could probably do the same. I'm smiling so big, I probably look like an idiot, but I don't care. I practically feel the light coming off me. I'm not thinking about Mel, worried about Mom or Sara. I'm not even plotting out how to win, how to get better because teaching her, this was just for fun.

I can't ever remember having so much of it.

***

"Can I ask you something?" I turn to look at her, while we're both sitting on the side of the court. Her legs are out in front of her, long and lean and I can't even explain how hard it is not to stare at them. But the funny thing is, as much as I want to look, I also want to talk to her too. There's a part of me that wonders if she's insane...but a good insane. One that makes me wish I could be a little more crazy.

"Sure thing. Oh!" she turns to me. "We can have like, a bonding session, where we bare our souls to each other and become cosmically connected by our experiences!"

I can't help but wonder if my eyes are as big as they feel. I know my mouth is hanging open because this chick really is nuts. Not sure this part is the good kind or not, but she's definitely one player short of a team.

"Breathe, Coach. I'm kidding. I know a little bit about boys. The whole baring the soul thing isn't something you guys excel at, right? Plus, while I like you pretty well, and I'm pretty much an open book, not sure I'm that open."

The shock still hasn't worn off yet as she starts biting her fingernail like what she just said is completely normal. "Has anyone ever told you you're crazy?"

"Umm, I'm pretty sure you did. I can't remember. It's getting kind of late though... what's your question?"

Taking my eyes off her, I lean my head against the wall. "Well, this might be a little too bare-your-soul or whatever, but I was just curious... About your mom. Or your guardian. Just..." I shrug, realizing that I may have thought so before, but now I know that I am, indeed an idiot. What possessed me to ask her this?

"It's okay, Carter. I don't mind. You look like you're about to take off running." She crosses her legs and looks up at the stars, quiet. I can't help but look up too, wanting to see what she sees. A few minutes pass before she speaks.

"Lana used to work at a shelter in LA. She did the night shift. One night she heard a knock, and instead of a bum at the door, it was me." She laughs, but I'm not really sure what's funny. "I know that sounds totally made up, but it's true. Little baby all wrapped in a blanket on the porch. The only thing missing was a basket and I didn't have a lightning bolt scar on my forehead. Or wizard parents, but everything else is similar."

All sorts of thoughts pound down on me at once. First, I realize why I wanted to ask her this, besides just wanting to know more about her, but I think I wanted her to have screwed up parents, too. Yeah, totally makes me an ass, but I need that connection with someone else. That piece of our lives that set us apart from others. Makes us feel...alone?

At the same time, I can't stop thinking about what she said. Her mom...or maybe it wasn't her mom. Does she even know? But someone abandoned her. Left her.

Mom drinks. She falls down and hurts herself and doesn't remember how. She loses whole nights sometimes. She slurs when she talks to me and hides bottles in her closest, but she's here. She's never left.

"Damn..." I'm not sure what else to say to her.

"Yeah..."

Then, she drops her head on my shoulder. I freeze, not sure what to do, and then relax. There's nothing to do.

"They think I was a few weeks old. Maybe a month. That's why I said I didn't know exactly how old I am. Not many people can say that. My kids will get a kick out of it one day."

"There's always that." Even though I try, I'm not sure my voice is as light as hers. How does she do it? How does it not bother her? My mom had a few too many drinks tonight and I almost lost it.

"Lana's great though. We have fun together. She's a softie, always bringing home stray kittens and stuff. Guess I should be thankful because it's what made her bring me home too."

This time, I can't find it in myself to say anything, so I don't. I just let her lean on me, looking out at the court, up at the stars, anything to distract myself. A few minutes later, she speaks again. "You have skeletons, too, Carter Shaw. Don't think I don't know it. I think...I think people with secrets, or with a past, I guess I should say, I think we're kindred spirits. Like maybe we see something in each other that no one else takes the time to see."

I want her to be right, want her to see me, something in me that no one else does because it sucks-the hiding. With Kira, I might not have to hide. Could I tell her? Let her know that I'm scared of what could happen? That I lie all the time? That I'm worried my lies could cause someone to get hurt? Cause Sara to get hurt, but at the same time, saying anything would be stabbing Mom in the back.

My arm itches to reach up and wrap around her. To pull her closer, but can we get closer? Right now she might be closer to me than anyone's ever been.

"Melanie? She didn't seem like your type." Her voice sounds from beside me.

"No? I think I wanted her to be. I...she made me feel normal. I needed that from her because I couldn't get it anywhere else, I guess? That sounds f**king stupid, doesn't it?"

Kira's head is suddenly off my shoulder and she's looking at me. Close...so close.

To distract myself, I talk again. "That's why I didn't want to lose her, ya know? She's just..."

I can't keep going because I'm not thinking about Mel. I can't. All I can focus on is Kira's eyes. The organish-brown hair and how the street light kind of reflects off it. She's gorgeous and suddenly there's no one in the world except the two of us. I might regret it-well, not that I would, but I'm risking a slap to the face. I'm risking the moment and whatever it is we've been doing, but I can't keep away from her. I need to know the way she feels because she's right. I see something in her and even though it might not be the same things we're seeing, I know she sees something different in me, too.

Even if I wanted to, I couldn't keep my lips off hers.

Our mouths touch gently at first. I tease her lips with mine: one kiss, another, and another. When no smacks come, I let my tongue slip out to trace her lips. Heat sizzles my skin, boils the blood in my veins because she opens her mouth, tasting me.

I thread my hand through her hair, pulling her closer, trying to get as close to her as I can. Need taking me over, sucking me in like a vortex. She tastes so good. Even better than she smells and I want it all.

Closer, I lean closer again and then her mouth rips away from mine. She's only a few inches away from me which must mean she wants to kiss me again, so I lean forward, ready to pick up where we left off.

Her hand on my chest stops me.

"I have to say...you're a good kisser, Coach, but next time you kiss me, do it because you want to. Not because you're missing the ex who just dumped you."

"I...what?" I don't know what to say. I wasn't thinking of Mel. Hell, I can't even remember what Mel looks like right now. I can't make the words come out.

Kira doesn't give me enough time anyway. She pushes to her feet, and walks back to the court, taking my basketball with her.

"Hey!" I scramble to my feet and go after her. "I wasn't. I didn't. I want." Why won't any words come out?

Kira stops moving and puts her hand to my lips. "Shh. Don't. Things said in the heat of the moment never count. You might regret it. I'll think you only said it because you're a guy and guys always want to kiss. Just don't."

Dumbly, I nod.

"Come on, Coach. It's about time you took me home."

We ride to her house in silence, the only time either of us speak is to give or get directions. It doesn't take long to get to her place.

"You heading home?" Her hand is on the handle.

"Shit. I don't know. I forgot I told Mom I'm staying at Travis's."

Kira sighs. "Lana's a nurse now. Works graveyard at the hospital. You have until 7:45 tomorrow morning before you have to be out."

I can't help it, I smile.

"No reason to smile. You're benched. It's the couch for you, Coach."

Chapter Ten

Kira doesn't answer her bedroom door when I knock softly at about 6:30 in the morning. I think about writing her a quick note to say thanks but two things stop me. First, I have no paper, which means I'd have to look around her house which feels a little stalkerish. The second reason, is I don't want to risk being caught by her mom-do I even call Lana her mom? It's what she is, but Kira doesn't call her that.

Not that it's important as I'm standing in her hall, debating life's little mysteries when I should be getting out of here before Lana gets home. And it also wouldn't be smart to leave a note that Lana could find, so before I can stall any longer, I slip out of her house and climb into my truck.

Okay. 6:35. Where should I go? Not a whole lot of options this early in the morning, so ignoring the cramping in my gut, I head home. Inside, the house is silent, which makes sense. Sara is with Bill and Mom must be passed out. No, asleep I mean. I don't want to think of any other option.

When my stomach growls I grab a bowl of cereal and start to eat. Kira was a pretty quick learner last night. I wonder if she'll want to play again-let me teach her again or if it was a one time, I-feel-sorry-for-Carter-because-he-got-dumped-and-his-girl-was-probably-cheating-on-him thing. She's so wild. I can't help but picture her running around the court with my big shoes on her feet and her faded orange hair.

Does anything ever bother her? She seems so...free. Like she can do anything. Be anyone. I'm embarrassed to admit, I envy her that.

Like any sane guy would, my head goes straight to what it felt like to press my lips against hers. How she tasted and smelled so sweet, even though she'd been sweating on the court. It's crazy how girls always smell so good. How soft she is. All girls are soft, but she's somehow softer.

Mel never felt that soft.

"Urgh!" I run a hand over my face. Daydreaming about girls who aren't mine is not a Carter Shaw thing to do. Dumping the rest of my cereal in the garbage disposal, I jog up the stairs. I don't mean to do it, but my feet stop outside of Mom's door. Pressing my ear against it, I listen. Of course I don't hear anything. Not even sure why I did it, but I thought maybe I'd hear her shower. Know that she is up which means she couldn't have gotten too wasted last night.

As I start to walk away, I hear her cell phone go off. Well, if she wasn't awake before, she will be now. Not ready to see her yet, I make my way to my room. Locking my door behind me, I screw around online, seriously consider jumping into my bed, but end up taking a shower instead, hoping the water will wash away my memories from last night.

Mom's slurred speech memories.

The drama with Mel.

Not the Kira and basketball ones. Those, I lock into that little box in my head where we keep important stuff that I have no plan of ever talking about.

Shower over, I get dressed, planning on doing whatever I want today. No girlfriend to check in with. No sober Mom to give a shit where I am. Today is just for me.

As soon as I hit the hall, I hear her cell phone again. I know it's by her bed. A day doesn't go by she doesn't charge it right there. Just as I'm about to knock, the home phone rings, making me more happy than it should, because bad as it is, I don't want to see her. The thought actually makes me want to hurl.

"Hello?" I'm out of breath after racing down the stairs and into the kitchen.

"Hello. This is Barbara Conner from Ivy Springs Nursing Home. I'm looking for Delilah Baker."

Fuck. No, no, no. I so don't want to go there today. "She's not available right now. I'm Carter, though. I'm on the list of people you can talk to."

Papers shuffle on the other side of the phone. "Mr. Shaw, you're grandfather has had another bad day. He's refusing medication and yelling at employees and calling names. He's even taken a swing at one of them. We told Ms. Baker last time we can't continue to have this behavior. He's only in assisted living and we don't have the manpower nor should we have to deal with this. If it doesn't improve, he's not going to be able to continue staying here. I tried to call your mom at least four times this morning and she didn't answer. I need someone to come down and help us deal with him."

The ropes tying me to my life tighten. I hate the bastard. Hate him, but if I don't go down there, I'll not only have to wake up my hung over mom, but then she'll have to deal with him. Which kills her. Which makes the Vodka and Tequila call to her louder. Which triggers the gag reflex and nausea to attack me even fiercer.

"Mr. Shaw? Like I said, I know this is your grandfather. I'd much rather deal with your mother about it, but again, she hasn't answered my numerous phone calls. That's very unlike her, but regardless, we need someone to help settle him down."

Her words hit me. She's right. No matter how hung over Mom has been before, she's always answered the phone. Between Sara and Grandpa who might need her, it never leaves her side.

"I'll be right there."

Dropping the phone, I run for the stairs. My heart has never pounded so hard. It's like a whole basketball team running across the court, their feet slamming into the hardwood. Every stupid video, assignment and what Travis calls scare tactics from health class slam into me. Alcohol poisoning, choking on your own vomit, all hit me over and over. Nothing has ever kept her from a phone call with Grandpa's doctors or for Sara.

"Mom!" I stumble, running into her room. She's in bed, fully dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, but it's the same ones she wore yesterday. "Mom." My voice is softer this time, scared, as my feet slow to a walk, carrying me closer to the bed.

"Hmm?" she mumbles, and then rolls over. Her eyes flutter, but then close again.

"Ma?"

"Hmm?"

"Are you okay?" Thump, thump, thump. My heart slams into my ribcage.

"Sick... Flu or something."

Or something. My heart is still hitting hard, but now for a different reason. I'm pissed. Pissed that she's so hung over she didn't hear the phone and I thought she could have been dead. What's wrong with her? Why does she have to be like this? How hard is it to just quit?

And then I'm scared. Scared because I think I could start to hate her. I always got it before, but it's getting harder and harder. What kind of son hates his mom? "Get some rest. I... I gotta go."

"Need anything?" One of her eyes opens. The look makes me want to throttle her. To yell at her at the top of my lungs because even though I don't think that's what it is this time, I've seen it before.

Double vision becomes single if you close one of your eyes.

"No." My voice is as tight as my fists.

"Carter... I'm really not feeling so hot. Can you open the store for me? I'll...I'll try to come in later." She doesn't even try to look at me now. Because she's really sick or is it shame?

"Yeah. I have to do something first and then I'll head over." That easily, my day is taken away from me by Grandpa and Mom.

"Thanks. I don't know what I'm going to do when you're gone..."

Ignoring her, I keep walking.

***

For five minutes I linger outside Grandpa's room. It shouldn't be this hard to control your own body, but no matter how much I try to force it, my legs just won't carry me inside. Which pisses me off. Grow a pair, I tell myself before finally pushing into the room.

"What the hell do you want?" he grunts when he sees me walk in.

"Hey, Gramps. Good to see you too." I can't help but be pretty proud that I don't add something else to that sentence.

"Ha! Good to see me? You're just like her. Selfish, the lot of you. Guess she was too busy to come down herself, huh? We gave her everything and she can't even be bothered with her own father. Ungrateful little-"

"I'd stop right there if I were you." The calm in my voice is gone. Rage pushes through my body, threatening to erupt. It's his fault. I know it. My life, Mom's problems. It all started with the angry a**hole in front of me.

The a**hole that's room is decorated with Mom's stuff, some of the knickknacks, a bookshelf she painted. She did it for him, I know it because there's no way he'd care enough to do it. One of her paintings leans against the wall-not hanging though. My guess is it fell, but he didn't put it back up. There are no pictures: not me, Sara, Mom or even Grandma.

His shirt is dirty, his huge stomach pushing it out. He doesn't have a beard, but probably hasn't shaved in days. His hair is all white now and it wasn't the last time I saw him.

Grandpa throws his arms in the air. "It's true! Always been like that! Always wanting everything from Mary and me, and nothing was ever good enough. I worked damn hard for my family, but neither Delilah or her mother saw that. Complain, complain, complain. And then the second she could, she ran. Just abandoned her family and now she's stuffed me in this place to rot. What kind of daughter is she? She's an ungrateful, little witch!"

Mom's going to kill me, but I don't care. I'm quiet with her. Don't talk too badly about Grandpa. Don't tell her how angry she makes me, but him? I don't owe him anything. All my anger at Mom, Mel, myself-it gains strength inside me, pushing me until nothing can hold me back from saying what I want to say. "Maybe she complained because you were a drunk."

His whole face turns red. "What did you say to me, boy?" His voice shakes and I'm pretty sure it's because he's never had someone talk back to him before. Mom or Grandma didn't. The staff here only call Mom to deal with him. But this time-this time he has to deal with me.

"I said you're an a**hole. The whole time she was growing up, you'd drink until you passed out every night and until then, you treated them like crap. You're so miserable you had to make their lives miserable, too."

"You little bastard. How dare you talk to me like that! Your mom and grandma were both spoiled women who drained everything out of me. Once I didn't have anything else to give, your mom moved right onto your daddy. Drove him to an early grave, she did! What man's heart gives out that damn young unless he's got a woman pushing him too hard!"

My whole body is on lockdown. I have no control over any of my limbs to move them. They're hard...stone, itching to break free and let all my anger out on him. Show him what he's done to all of us. How he started the cycle and now Mom's trapped in it, too. That even though she's not hateful like he is, she's broken. That all her losses have stemmed from him. He's the reason she struggles. The reason she didn't know how to live without my Dad. The reason she ended up with Bill even though she didn't love him. She needed someone and she couldn't go to him. And my Dad was dead and now she's lost Bill too and Sara could be next.

"Nothing to say about that, do you?"

Talk! Open your mouth and say something, Shaw!

"You're just like she is," Grandpa continues. "Soft, selfish. Want, want, want but never strong enough to do anything for yourself."

Finally, my body is jerked into movement when the door creaks open. "Excuse me? It's time for your meds. Would you like me to come back?" The nurse says from the door.

I don't answer. Can't because I don't know what to say. There's no reasoning with his screwed-up version of life. That even if I could, I wouldn't want to because unlike her, I want nothing to do with him. I'm not going to give him any part of me, especially when I don't have much to give anyway. Without a word, I push past the nurse, hating myself for being as soft as he accused me of being.

***

My hands shake the whole way to the store. Of course it's my responsibility to take care of it. I don't turn on any of the lights. I run into a stupid wrack of chimes, making them ding annoyingly. Leaving the front door locked, I head straight to the back, kicking a huge stack of empty boxes to the floor.

Why did I even go talk to him? Why does she still take care of him? He ruined her life and she still puts up with that crap from him.

And her. I picture her at home, the one-eyed look when she told me she was sick, and she definitely is, but not with the flu. Collapsing against the wall, I realize for the first time she really is sick. The drinking is getting worse.

I don't even know if that's normal. If they usually get worse and worse like that. But then... Grandpa's been on her mind lately. The assisted living place threatening to kick him out and all. And me. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm definitely going to college somewhere so I can play ball. That has to be what it's about. Not that she's getting worse, but that she's stressed. I'd be stressed too if I had to worry about everything. I am freaked out about it.

So it'll get better. It always does. Just a phase. I have to find a way to deal with it until it's over.

After stacking all the boxes again, I head out to the main part of the store and get it all ready to open. Seriously, there should be some law against kids having to work in places their parents own. I'm probably the only guy I know who has to work in a place like this, which doesn't make my mood much better.

As the hours pass by and I realize she's not coming in, I come close to heading to the back to get in another fight with a stack of boxes.

My backpack sits under the table, but even though we're slow, I can't bring myself to open the stupid thing. It would take me triple as long as it usually would to get anything done when really what I want to do is find a way to live another life for a few weeks. Because it's three o'clock and she's still not here. Yeah, she'll come in later. Sure. Carter has nothing better to do than what everyone else wants.

The bell dings and I groan, not in the mood to play nice for old ladies looking for doilies or whatever they're called. I can't find it in myself to look up and greet them. It's a small store and pretty self-explanatory if you ask me.

"Hey there, Coach. You're looking awfully grumpy over there, scowling at the register."

My head snaps up and my skin starts to feel warm. "Just another day-holy crap. You look...different." Her hair is straight. Like so straight I wonder how it's the same hair that had just been so curly before. Girls are weird like that. There must be hair magic that only girls know how, or care enough I guess, to learn.

There's also a little sparkle on the side of her nose, and when she gets close enough to me, I realize it's a tiny diamond.

"Wow, you're good with the compliments. I bet you get all the ladies."

I'm in too much awe to respond to her dig. "I saw you less than twenty-four hours ago and you now have your nose pierced and new hair."

She shrugs. "In my defense, it's the same hair, just a different style."

I can't stop looking at her. The orange is so close to gone, now it just looks like light brown mixed in her dark hair. It's all shiny and longer than I realized it was before. It's kind of crazy because she's dressed like I would be on a day chillin' at home: blue Nike sweats and a white sweatshirt. I'm pretty sure Mel never would have gone out of her house dressed like Kira is now, but I like it. Maybe a little too much so I lean against the counter.

"How do you do it?" I hadn't planned on asking, but the question came out anyway. I've never known anyone like her. And I like her even though honestly, I'm not even 100% sure who she is.

"Oh, I didn't know you were considering a career in hairstyle. First I applied what's called a relaxer-"

"You know what I mean."

"Actually, I don't. What's up with you though? You look like Grumpy Carter, not Happy Carter. Don't tell me you're upset about Melanie."

"Argh." I rub a hand over my face. "No, I wish that's all I had to worry about."

She leans over the counter, her face not too far from mine. "And you would? Worry? That's why I said not to reply last night. It's obvious you still have feelings for her. Which I get, I guess, though I'm pretty sure she didn't deserve them."

"No. It has nothing to do with her. It's just..." My mom is a drunk. Wow. A drunk? I've never thought about her that way before. Grandpa is a drunk, not Mom. Is she? She drinks. She passes out, but she's not mean and she doesn't drink all the time. I'm not really sure if that makes a difference though.

"It's just what, Carter Shaw? What are your secrets?" She cocks her head to the left, studying me, like if she looks hard enough, she'll get the answers she wants. There's a part of me that wishes she could find them out. That she could see everything that's inside of me so someone else would know without my having to say it. That she could read and understand me more easily than I understand the stupid Shakespeare stories Mrs. Z wants me to decipher.

But then I realize there's no way I could be that bear with her. With anyone. Not even myself.

"Sorry to disappoint you, but no secrets here." The bell over the door rings, saving me.

"Sure." Kira plops down on the table and as much as I want to set her straight, to ask her what her sure means, I don't.

"How can I help you?" I ask the middle-aged woman.

After ten minutes helping the customer, it's only the two of us again. She's picking at her fingernails and it's then I realize that even though girls are different from each other, they're the same too. It's totally something Mel would have done-trying to look distracted, as if the last conversation we had isn't still stuck in her head.

"You started that English assignment?" Awesome job, Shaw. Leave it to me to bring up one of the things I want to talk about the least. I really, really don't want to write an in depth paper on the meaning of a stupid Shakespeare play, or sonnet and how it relates to something in my own life. I have so much trouble understanding my own life that I'm not sure I can compare something I don't get to it.

"Of course," she says. "Almost finished. Didn't I ever tell you I'm a genius?"

"Huh?"

"Okay, maybe not really, but yep, I'm a geek. I've never gotten anything below an A in my life and don't plan to start now."

I stare at her.

"Shocked?"

I don't know why I am. It's not as if she struck me as someone who's stupid, but I can't really match up a braniac with the girl who dyes her hair orange or dances on tables or who plays basketball in someone else's shoes. Nothing about her fits into any mold I've ever seen.

"Whatever." I'm aware that I'm pouting, but not sure why. "I probably won't do it. It's stupid anyway." The words always take me more time to understand, but when I feel like this? Like I'm drowning in my own life? Those are the times I just want to walk away from it.

"Yes, you will. If not for anything else, but for basketball."

"Whatever," I mumble again before I start packing up one of the shelves of knickknacks. Mom always keeps a "to do" list at the store and she wants these replaced with something else.

Kira sighs and then I hear her get off the table and walk over to me. "Coach...you need some help? I'm here. If need me for anything."

She's so not talking about work, but I'm going to pretend I don't know that. I'm good at pretending. "Sure. There's a box in the back labeled Forest Friends." Which is probably the stupidest thing I've ever heard, but that's beside the point. "Want to grab it for me?"

She smirks, obviously not believing me, but she replies with, "Sure."

I get everything packed up and she's still not back. Figuring she couldn't find it, I head to the stock room to check on her. Kira fumbles when she hears me, whipping around and shoving something behind her back, but it's too late. God, it's too late in more than one way, but for now I can only focus on the fact that I saw it. That I know what she has in her hands. Which she somehow knows I won't want to see.

It's like voices start battling inside my head. Mine making excuses, Mom's making promises, Bill's making threats. They're all fighting, yelling to top each other so much that I feel like my head could explode. Then Sara's voice creeps through. Her cries when she has nightmares. Her laughs when she plays games with Mom.

I want to cry. I actually want to f**king cry. My hands itch to play ball. My feet itch to run. My head itches to block out the voices and to disappear inside itself.

I can't believe it. Or I don't want to. There has to be another excuse for a half empty bottle of liquor to be in my mom's stock room. At her work. Her store. Oh, God, how can she be drinking at work?

No matter how much I search for an excuse for the bottle to be there, there's none, but the truth.

"It's mine," I blurt out. "I forgot it was there. I hid it when my mom came in."

Kira's hand drops to the side so she's holding it next to her. I fight the urge not to rip it out of her hand, break it and smash it over and over, like that will somehow change things. When she drinks Vodka, I used to dump out half the bottles and add water, hoping it would lessen the affect. Nothing ever worked. She always had more. Breaking this one won't do a damn thing either.

"It's yours?" She eyes me, not flinching the way I want to.

"It's mine." I hear her chanting Liar liar pants on fire in my head.

She opens her mouth like she's going to say something, then closes it again. Shaking her head, she walks up to me, shoving the bottle into my chest so I'm forced to grab onto it.

"I hope you know what you're doing, Coach." Without another word, she walks out.

Chapter Eleven

It's crazy how easy it is to avoid someone you live with. I guess it helps when they're probably avoiding you, too. She knows that I know. Not about the bottle at work, but from our phone call. About the way she spent her day. I'm pretty sure she knows something about Grandpa, too. She had to have seen the missed calls, which means she would have called them back. They would have told her I went down there.

But still, nothing. No knock on my bedroom door. No promises that it won't happen again or vows that I don't have to work in the store. No Chinese food for dinner. It all makes me even angrier. Maybe it's cruel of me to want her to feel bad for what she's done and to try to make it up to me. I deserve at least that, right? Is a little remorse too much to ask?

I can't stop seeing that stupid bottle. In my head, I'm repeating the words about it being mine over and over again, when, really, I want everyone to know it's hers and that she's letting it take her over in a way she never did before. I want everyone to know I'm trapped in the middle, the worm in the bottom of a Tequila bottle, wrong on all sides of me. I just want to do the right thing, but it's always out of reach.

Without my usual bowl of cereal, I wait for her in the morning. It was a last minute decision. The coward inside me wanted to pretend it didn't happen, but then I saw one of Sara's stupid Barney dolls and remembered I'm her brother and it's my job to look out for her.

Man up, I keep telling myself, and now it's time to do it.

"Oh. Carter, you startled me," she says as she walks into the kitchen. I don't reply. She starts making her coffee and I just stand there, arms crossed, picturing the bottle and her voice and how she looked laying in her bed.

I want to grab her and shake her and tell her I'm tired of it. That I don't want to do it anymore, but I can't.

Holding her cup, she leans against the counter and stares at me. She knows I'm upset and I almost revel in it. Mom bites her lip. Takes a drink. Shifts the way she leans from one side to another before she finally talks. "About yesterday...I just want you to know I had a bad day. I'm sorry,. I won't-"

"Do what you want, but not when Sara is here." A bad day? A bad f**king day? How many bad days have I had lately? No, how many has she given me and I still deal with it. I don't turn to a bottle. I can't listen to it. Can't hear any promises because even though I know better than to believe them, I want them to be true. "Sara comes home today. She doesn't deserve it."

Mom nods. Water pools in her eyes and her hand starts to shake. Before she can make me feel guilty, I walk away. As soon as I open the front door, Sara bursts in.

"Carter! Carter!" But she doesn't take the time to stop to talk to me. She's too busy. Too much to do, so she keep running down the hall and to the kitchen.

With the door closed behind me, I cut off Bill before he can start. I know what's coming next anyway, considering it's been a few weeks since the last time he shoved me further in the middle of Mom's drama. "Everything's fine. There's nothing to worry about. I'd never let anything happen to Sara."

"Carter," Bill calls , but I keep walking.

"I have to go, Bill. I said nothing's wrong. I'm just having a bad day." But I'm sober, regardless.

In my truck, I can't help but laugh at my lies. Nothing is fine. There is something to worry about. But the one truth I always know is nothing will happen to Sara. I will always make sure of that. Somehow I'll make everything is fine. I won't let there be anything to worry about.

***

Monday, I'm able to avoid Kira pretty well. I look around for Travis, but he's not here. I text him and he replies that he's skipping, which totally isn't cool. I'd rather be anywhere but here. Still, he's taking a big risk, one I'm kind of surprised about because if you get caught skipping, you can't play in the next game.

Unfortunately, I can't avoid Mrs. Z who wants to know how I'm doing on the-assignment-that-shall-not-be-named to which I pretend I'm working hard on it. The rest of the week it's not as easy. Kira keeps talking to me in class, which is cool and I want to talk to her, but I keep seeing her dark hand wrapped around that damn bottle. I can't stop wondering if she thinks I'm a drunk. Why else would someone stuff a bottle in a hiding place like that?

Mom's easier to avoid, because she's doing the same. I catch her looking at me, which makes me feel like shit, so I try not to look at her at all. But it's all I think about. Her, Sara, Bill, even Mel because I keep getting death stares from her all week at school. All of it takes up the space in my head, pushing basketball and school work out of the way.

I have to pay attention to Mom to make sure she will be okay, for Sara's sake.

Friday rolls around and I'm not sure how it got here so fast, but it's a game day, so I'm pumped. Practice is great, but there's nothing like a game to make everything else go away. Somehow we managed to score two Friday home games in a row.

"You have plans after the game?" Travis asks as we're tying our shoes in the locker room. "It's like, I don't even see you anymore." He fakes a cry. "Like, we're not boys anymore or something. I miss you, man!" Travis moves in like he's going to hug me. Laughing, I push him back.

"You're such an idiot."

"Is it someone else? Tell me you haven't found someone else!" He's laughing so hard he hardly gets the words out. It feels good to laugh. I haven't really felt like it all week. When we settle down enough to talk, he speaks again. "Seriously though...we're both single now. Let's go out. Have fun. Be wild. Meet girls. Kiss girls. You know, like back in the day."

And I need it, but the thing is, I'm not really in the mood. Which makes me all sorts of lame because what guy in his right mind doesn't want to go out on a Friday night? "Let me talk to Mom after the game. Make sure..." everything is okay. "She doesn't mind."

"Sounds good. Let's go kick some ass."

***

It's halftime and the wrong team is kicking ass. It's killing me because we don't lose. Not like this, and by the way everyone on the team is looking at me, I know they think it's my fault. I'm playing like crap. Can't get my head in the game. Mom always comes to my home games and she's not here. My eyes won't stop scanning the crowd for her and Twig, willing them to be here. Needing them to be here so I can stop wondering if something's wrong. Stop seeing her passed out in her bed, this time with Sara there and me losing a game instead of protecting her.

"Shaw? You okay tonight?" Coach yells at me during the timeout.

No...No, I'm not. "Yeah, I'm good." Stay or go? What will happen if I walk out of the game? I'll lose basketball, that's for sure. The selfish part of me is too scared to take that risk.

"Take a little break," Coach tells me. "Michaels, go in for Shaw."

Everything in me wants to fight the decision. This is my team. My game, and I'm never pulled out because I can't get it done, but right now, I can't.

I fall into the chair, burying my face in my hands. My leg is bouncing up and down like the rabbit in the deer movie Sara watches. I don't even notice the last minutes of the half tick by until I hear the loud buzz letting me know it's halftime. I'm the first one on my feet, needing to get to the locker room where my phone is.

"Carter! Carter!"

Sara's voice makes all the tightness evaporate out of my body. It's almost too much, my whole body going limp in relief. I turn to see her walking up to me with Kira. Not Mom. Just Kira and Sara. Without a thought I jog over to them, Sara's on her way toward me too.

"Carter!" she says again.

"Hey, Twig. About time you got here." Does my voice sound calm? I need it to sound calm, even though, inside, I'm freaking the hell out.

She wraps her arms around my waist and I look at Kira, pleading with her to answer the questions I can't say out loud. Is she okay? Why isn't she here?

"The store was crazy busy. Your mom worried about me staying without her so she talked to Lana, and let me come with Sara."

Sara steps back. "Kira can drive like you!" The rest of her words are a jumble of excitement that I don't understand.

"Not as good though, I'm sure." I wink at Kira, needing to joke so I can calm myself.

"Shaw! Stop flirting and get into the locker room!" Coach yells.

I look at him, then back at the girls. "I gotta go. You guys are good?"

"Carter! Carter!" Sara cheers for me, her ponytails flopping around.

"I gotta go," I say again, and start running toward the hall.

"Coach!" I turn back to Kira.

"Don't worry. Everything's good." She looks at me for a few seconds, her eyes trying to tell me something I'm not sure I understand. "I promise."

I let out a deep breath, somehow believing her words. Even though she doesn't know everything, she would know if something's wrong.

When Kira turns toward the stands, I realize for the first time what she's wearing. A basketball jersey with a number 1 on it. Coach Shaw in big letters on the back.

I can't help it, I smile. Knowing when we go back out for the third quarter, I'm really going to kick some ass, even if it's only to do her jersey proud.

***

"So, this is just a wild guess here, but I'm figuring, after seeing Kira's jersey, your goofy-ass smile, and the way you turned into super point guard in the second half, draining threes like old school Reggie Miller that: A) You and Kira have something going on and B) You're going out tonight, but not with me." Travis pulls a clean shirt over his head. "Not that I blame you. Actually, I'm little jealous, but that's beside the point." He smirks.

"We're not together. I've just got a lot of stuff going on right now and...She's cool."

Travis looks at me funny for a second. "Yeah. I hear ya. Shit going on and all."

"Huh?" I scratch my head. Then Travis does the same. Does he mean he has stuff going on too, or he knows I do? No, there's no way he can know. "What's up?"

Travis laughs. "Nothing. You know...too many girls, not enough time and all. So...Kira?"

I shrug. "I like hanging out with her." Actually, I like more than just hanging out with her and if I didn't feel like my life might self-combust at any second, I'd definitely want to be with her. Scratch that. I do want to be with her, I'm just not doing anything about it. I don't think.

"Hooking up?"

"Nope."

"Damn." Travis laughs again.

After shaking my head to get some of the extra water off, I say, "Still don't know what I'm doing tonight, though. Mom really might want me home." Translation, she might need me home. "I need to talk to her and Kira too."

"Okay. Text me if you come out. A few guys are hanging out tonight, so I'll be with them. We're looking for a place to party." The urge to ask him about the partying climbs up my throat, but I shove it down, not wanting to look like the guy who's giving him shit when he's having fun after a break up. Travis doesn't give me time anyway, sliding his hat on backward and saying, "And, dude? You so want Kira. You should go for it. I'm pretty sure she's feelin' you too."

I don't have time to think about what he said, because I'm still worried about going out there and talking to Mom. She showed up a little into the third quarter. Being a coward, I came straight to the locker room after our win, not ready to talk to her yet. Afraid of what I don't want to hear in her voice or see in her eyes.

Now...now I have to face it.

Before the locker room door has a chance to close behind me, two small, manicured hands slam into my chest, throwing me off balance. What the hell?

"I can't believe you're going out with her, Carter. Did you even wait until we broke up? How do I know you weren't with her when we were still together?" If this was a cartoon, I can guarantee steam would be coming out of Mel's ears. She's still in her cheer uniform. A blue ribbon that matches our team colors ties up her hair and she has a scowl on her face. She's like Pissed off Cheerleader Barbie.

It's apparent that the universe hates me. I can't seem to catch a break anywhere. "You're the one who was screwing around. Not me. And I'm not even with Kira." Unfortunately.

She crosses her arms. "Funny you know exactly who I'm talking about! She's wearing a jersey with your name on it. Are you trying to embarrass me?" Mel's chin starts to quiver. No. No, no, no. I do not want to deal with a crying Melanie.

But I have to get this over with. "I'm a little lost on how it would embarrass you when you're the one who I caught in the bushes with Devin and you happened to be the one who dumped me, but whatever." Before I say anything that might get me in trouble, I try to walk past her. She reaches out and grabs my arm, stopping me.

Her voice is softer now and she moves closer. "I'm sorry, Carter. It's my fault. Devin's a jerk. You and I belong together. I want you back."

Shock freezes me. Did I just hear what I thought I heard? Have Mel back? A part of my normal? But I don't want it. It's done. We're done. "Mel..."

"Carter, I miss you. Your hairs still too messy, but I miss you." I actually think she does. Mel isn't a bad person, she's just spoiled. She wants it all. And regardless of how things went, we used to get along.

"It wouldn't have worked out. You know that. We were starting to fight all the time. You started hanging out with another guy."

"Devin was a mistake."

"It'd be a mistake for us to get back together. You know that as well as I do."

She reaches up and touches my hair. Even if part of me wants it to, the touch doesn't feel the same. She's not even looking at me the same. Mel doesn't want me back for me, she wants me back because she's starting to realize she can't have me.

I start to pull away just as another voice comes from down the hall.

"Carter! Carter! We won!" Sara, Mom, and Kira are standing by the door that leads to the gym. You've heard that saying time stopped? Yeah, I always thought it was dumb until now. It really feels like time stops. Like I'm doing something really bad and I just got caught and there's nothing I can do about it. Sara looks at Mel and then at me. "Ew. She's yucky."

"Sara!" Mom gasps.

Mel huffs. "Whatever."

I finish pulling away from her.

Kira is standing with my family. She crosses her arms and shakes her head. It's almost a mad gesture, but she doesn't look mad. Disappointed, maybe? Jealous?

A woman stands behind her, touching Kira's shoulder. Comfort? Wishful thinking on my part? Probably.

"I'm sorry, Mel, I gotta go." The words haven't finished leaving my mouth before I start jogging away. "Hey," I say to Kira when I get up to them. I look back to make sure Mel is gone, which she is.

"Hey, Coach. Good game."

For the first time in my life, I try to study a girl's voice besides my mom. Is there something hidden in there? Is she really telling me I had a good game or pretending she thinks that when really she's wishing I fell and busted my head open on the court.

"Thanks..."

The woman behind her reaches out her hand to me. "Hi. I'm Lana. I've heard so much about you."

Those words, hearing that she's heard about me, make me feel better than winning the game did. "Carter. It's good to meet you." I'm talking to Lana, but looking at Kira. I'm pretty sure this ranks me up there with her on the crazy factor, but I'm looking for some sign that she's mad. Almost wanting her to be mad at seeing me with Mel, because that will mean Travis was right and she likes me.

"Sorry I missed most of it. The store was crazy. Since Kira took my car, I rode out with Lana." Mom's voice is the only thing that pulls me away from Kira. It sounds right. Normal. Sober, but I need to look at her too. See her eyes, feel the way she hugs me. See if any hint of that tangy scent clings to her.

"It's cool." I reach out and hug her, which I'm sure she thinks is strange. But it's her and she's sober so everything's okay. My lungs stop hurting when I let the air out of them. I hadn't even realized they hurt until they didn't.

"Wow. That was nice." Mom smiles. "Sara's tired though. We're going to head home."

My little sister's arms wrap around my waist and I squeeze her shoulders. "I like it when you win for me."

"Always."

"Be home by curfew." Mom winks and glances at Kira, throwing me off a bit. She's never winked at me like that. Sara pries her arms away. "Thanks for the ride, Lana. Are you guys leaving too?"

The other woman nods and I feel like hyperventilating.

"See ya later, Coach."

There's no way I can let Kira walk away. On instinct, I reach out and grab her hand. "Wait... Let me take you home. I mean," I turn to Lana. "Can I take her home?"

She laughs. She has dark skin too, but I don't think she has African American in her like I think Kira does. Lana looks like she's Hawaiian. Kira a mix of black and something else. "You don't know her very well if you're asking me that question."

My heart starts racing. I need Kira to say yes. I also need to talk to Mom. "Wanna go with me? I mean, ride with me. Hang out or something?" Wow...I'm smooth.

She sighs, but it's not an annoyed kind of sigh. "I guess."

I smile at her, but it's Lana who replies. "Curfew for you, too."

Mom, Lana, and Sara start to walk out the door. Panic swells inside me. I need to catch Mom but away from Lana. "Wait! Mom. I..."

When she looks at me, I see the hurt in her eyes. It beats down on me, burying me in guilt. She knows what I think. What I want to say. What I can't find a way to say in front of everyone else.

"I know, Carter. I know. Sara and I will be okay. I'm thinking popcorn, hot chocolate, and a Barney marathon. How does that sound to you?" Her voice fakes the lightness that doesn't reach her eyes.

"Perfect," I reply, even though she wasn't talking to me.

Chapter Twelve

Just like when I brought her home the other night, my truck is quiet. It's a little after nine so we have a couple hours before either of us has to be home. I have no idea where we're going, so I'm just driving around, trying to figure out where to take her since I practically begged her to come with me. That's not the only thing I'm trying to figure out. I'm not sure what to say, either. I sort of want to talk to her about Mel. Let her know that if it looked like we were up to something, we definitely weren't. Mel was, but not me. But that makes it look like I think she cares, when I don't know if she does or not.

Will it make me look like a conceited jackass if I bring it up?

But if I don't, am I the jerk who kisses her and then has my ex's hands in my hair a week later?

I'm really not too thrilled to be either of those guys.

"Music?" I ask, reaching for the CD player, but she pushes my hand down and shakes her head.

"Nope. I like silence sometimes."

Oh-kay. There went that try. Next option-basketball. "So...you practiced anymore since the other night?"

"Let's do something crazy!" She says in reply, turning in her seat to face me.

"Huh?" I totally just missed something.

"You need to relax. I can see it. You're too tense. Let's do something fun! Let's be wild!"

This is what I love about spending time with this girl. She never says or does what I expect. It's so different being with her than anyone else, because even though I have no clue what she means by 'something wild,' I want to do it. With her. Actually, I'm pretty sure I need to.

"Okay. Like what?"

"I don't know. Let me think." She looks around, out the windows like something is going to jump right out at her. I have no doubt it will. Any time I can spare having my eyes off the road, they're on her. Taking in her hair. Seeing her in a jersey with my name. Wishing I could touch her the way the shirt does.

"Oh! Right there!" She points off to the side of the road. "Pull over."

I look, but all I see is a small senior apartment complex. "Where?"

"Coach!" She grabs the wheel like she's going to pull off the road for me. I slow down more, batting her hands away and pulling in.

"Okay, okay. I'm going. Don't make us wreck."

The place is totally dark, I'm assuming because old people live here, and they go to bed early, right? There are a couple big, brown buildings that I'm assuming are packed with...well, senior citizens. "I give up. Why are we here?"

"Do you have a pencil or a pen in here? Oh, and what do you have in your bag for clothes?" Kira opens my glove-box and pulls out a pen. I can't help but stare while she pulls her hair up. Does some crazy, twisty, turny, girl thing and suddenly her hair is held up in a ponytail with a pen. I'm man enough to admit I want to ask how she did it, but I don't.

"Clothes? Um, I have a pair of basketball shorts and t-shirt that I use for practice. There's also shorts in the cab that I keep there just in case." She looks at me funny and I shrug. "Never know when I might want to stop somewhere and play ball."

She smiles widely, and for the first time, I notice a slight gap between her two front teeth. Nothing big, obviously since it took me this long to notice it, but for some reason, it's so her. "Grab the clothes and be quiet. It's time for a little breaking and entering."

***

Yeah, definitely not what I expected her to say. I'm jumping out of my truck and behind her in about two seconds flat. "What? Where are we breaking and entering? Grandma's house?"

"Shh." She slips her arm through mine, hugging herself close to me as we walk. I can't believe it, but it almost makes me stumble. That little touch sends all sorts of firecrackers exploding through my body. I like touching her. I want to touch more of her. "Let's not announce to everyone we're here. Do you like hot tubs?" Kira whispers.

"Yeah, who doesn't?"

"Well, most of the time apartments have them. The gates usually close at night, but I bet we can sneak in and we'll have the whole thing to ourselves. You in?"

Hot tub. Gorgeous girl. Totally don't have to ask me twice. It's worth a BandE charge. "I'm in."

We sneak through the complex, on the hunt for the pool and Jacuzzi. Kira is still holding onto me as we follow the twists and turns of the sidewalk. When someone starts to open a door, I pull her with me, ducking behind a huge bush. She stumbles, her feet tying up in mine, and falls against me as I hit the side of the building.

"Come on, George. I'm not getting any younger!" a woman's voice says from around the corner.

"I'm coming. I'm coming. Keep your teeth in," a guy replies.

A laugh tries to jump out of my mouth, but then Kira's hand is covering it, her face buried in my chest as she laughs against me. When the old couple disappears and her shoulders stop shaking, Kira pulls away from my chest and looks up at me. We're close. Almost as close as we were that night at the court. Or maybe closer. I don't know. All I know is she's all I feel or know or smell. The explosions start going off in me again and there's a stirring of some action below the belt.

I take in her cheekbones of all things. They're high and cut like a model's. Not that I've ever noticed cheekbones before or knew they could be so perfect, but they are. I'm not sure if I'll ever look at a girl's cheekbones the same again. I have to bite my lip not to lean down and kiss her. God, I want to kiss her so bad, I'm dizzy, but instead I open my mouth and say, "I wasn't thinking of Mel. When we kissed, I mean. I was thinking of you. I wanted to kiss you."

The Ladies Man of the Year award is so not going to me because she has me all upside down and backward, but I can't find it in me to care.

"That's good to know, Coach." Her breath is warm against my face. Warm and minty and even though I've never been a mint person, I'm totally craving it right now.

"And earlier? She told me she wanted me back, but I don't want her. Just so you know."

This earns me another one of her smiles. "Good. Now come on, let's go."

This time I don't let her get away without being the one to grab her hand. As though she's been here before, she weaves her way through the place again, pulling me along. I'm worried she might have been wrong and there's not going to be a Jacuzzi here when we finally see a fence up ahead and to the left.

Okay, so I know I thought earlier that I had the worst luck, but now I'm thinking the opposite. It's totally secluded, with tall bushes around most of the fence and pretty far into the complex. Now, if we can just get in the gate, I just might start to think I'm the luckiest guy in the world.

"Over here," I tell her as I head toward the far back of the fence. It's brick back here. "Can you step in my hand and climb up if I lift you?"

"Absolutely. But what about you?"

"Don't worry. Nothing is keeping me on this side of that wall."

There's a lamp on the other side, but it gives me enough light to see her. Kira laughs and shakes her head, but I think for the first time, I see a hit of red in her light brown skin. Linking my hands together, I hold them out. Kira steps in, grabs the top of the wall, and pulls herself up. The ledge is wide enough that she's sitting on it.

"We totally scored. There's a table on this side."

"Nice." I hand her the bags. Then I jump, grabbing the ledge of the wall and hoping like hell I'm strong enough to pull myself up. How lame would I look if I couldn't do it?

But I can. I pull until I can throw my leg up on the ledge and straddle the wall like she is. "Let me get down first and I'll help you." Jumping down to the table, I hold my arms out for her and she lowers herself into them before standing on the table with me.

I almost go for it right there, not able to hold myself back from touching my lips to hers, but she leaps to the ground before I get the chance. She pulls her shoes off, then her socks. "Can I wear the shirt and shorts from your bag?"

"No," leaps out of my mouth, but then I hand the bag to her. "I want it on record that I think skinny dipping is a much better idea."

"I'm sure no one would doubt that, Coach, but who knows what the old people do in that water."

Good point.

Kira holds up her hand and draws a circle in the air with her finger. "Turn around."

This girl is going to be the death of me, but I turn around so she can change. Her jersey hits the table, then a shirt. Kira is in her bra behind me. Let me repeat that, Kira is in her bra behind me and there's nothing in the world I want more than to turn around to see her. I hear more shuffling of clothes before her pants are on the table, too.

"You can turn around now."

Yeah. Now that the show's over. She's already lowering a foot into the water when I take off my shirt. She has to hold my shorts up so they don't fall off her. The t-shirt drowns her, but I'm pretty sure she's still the hottest girl I've ever seen.

And I totally need to get my head together.

My pants come next and I pull on the other pair of shorts I had in my bag. "Care if I turn on the jets and stuff?" I ask her. She shakes her head. I open the little box on the wall and turn them on. It's kind of loud, and I hope nobody will come out to check. A few seconds later, I lower myself into the water with her.

Silence.

Kira leans her head backward, closes her eyes, obviously enjoying the quiet, but me? I'm not as good with it. I want to say something, but I'm not sure what. But then, Kira saves me, or ruins me. I'm not sure which.

"You don't drink, Carter Shaw."

It's not a question, but I answer it. My chest feels like it's cracked open, baring my pounding heart, but I answer. Honestly.

"Nope." I'm amazed at how good it feels to admit it, when really, I haven't admitted to anything yet. But not lying? That's the part that I revel in. I still can't believe I said it, but I'm glad. "Do you ever wonder about them? Your parents?"

This conversation should feel strange. I shouldn't be asking her this, but somehow it's okay. Right, even.

"All. The. Time. I try not to, but I do." Her eyes open and they find mine. "It's pointless. I know that, but it's hard not to wonder. Did I have a different name? Was I born in a hospital? When's my birthday? I don't even know my history. Was my mom black? Dad? Am I part Italian, too? White? I know nothing." And then she slips away from me, kneeling in the middle of the hot tub, so the water goes up to her neck. Which, by the way, is pretty perfect too. "Where's your dad?"

I lean forward, but don't leave the seat. "He died. Heart attack while playing basketball. He's why I started playing."

We both pause for a second and I think about him. How different life would be if he never died.

"I'm sorry."

"Me, too," is all I can say in return.

"Oh! I have an idea. Let's play Truth or Dare. You wanna play with me?"

The hair at the nape of her neck is wet, curling a little. She's giving me one of her smiles, water sloshing all around her. I couldn't deny her anything right now. "Truth or Dare?" I ask.

"Dare."

"I dare you to sit by me." The words weren't planned, but I'm glad they were the first thing to pop out of my mouth.

Kira laughs and comes back to sit beside me. "You didn't have to waste a turn on that. All you had to do was ask. I want to play a different way though. Every time we pick truth, the other person doesn't get to ask a question. You just give a truth. Whatever you want the other person to know. That way, anything we give is our choice, and we only have to share what we really want, ya know? You tell me what you want me to know...or what you need to say, and I'll do the same. Deal?"

What I need to say... There's a lot I need to say: about Mom, Sara, even about Kira. How I want to know everything about her. How I want to kiss her again, but I'm also a little freaked out about where it could lead, even though I also really want to go there. "So you really do want the whole baring-of-the-soul thing? I thought you said guys aren't good at that?"

"I only want to see what you want to show me. Otherwise, the pictures don't matter. Not if they're on display by force instead of want."

I nod. "I'm good with that." She makes everything make more sense. I'm not sure how she does it. It's like she confuses me and is crystal clear at the same time. I feel like I know her better than anyone else, but I really don't know her at all. Is it true what she said? That stuff about people with pasts or secrets? I'm not really sure I believe in that kindred spirit stuff, but I do know she makes me feel different than I do with anyone else.

"Yay!" She claps excitedly. "Okay, you can ask me since your first one didn't count."

I totally should tell her no, but I need to know what kind of things she's going to tell me so I know what I should say to her. "Truth or dare?"

"Truth. Hmmm, let me think." She sways a little, the water sloshing around her again. "You already know I draw, but I read, too. A lot. I like books that make me think. Books about people and who they are. Why they do things. Stuff like that."

I can see that.

"What about you, Coach? Truth or dare?"

"Truth." This is an easy one. "I hate to read."

"Ugh. And I thought I liked you."

"Hey! It's not my fault. It just takes me forever to understand it. I have to read everything like five times before it sinks in. Pisses me off when I can't do something, so I try not to do it." Even though I should be embarrassed about what I just admitted, I'm not. Which is a mystery for me to dissect later. "Truth or dare?"

"Truth, of course."

At this point, I'm wondering if we'll even need the dare. Did she just want to talk to me, but played it off like a game? I scoot a little closer to her.

"Okay. The first time I dyed my hair, I was fifteen. I've been addicted to it ever since."

We go on like that, back and forth, first with little things like hobbies and music, before moving up to irrational fears, first crushes and kisses. Neither of us pick dare, but we always ask. I'm about as close as I can get to her now, but it's not close enough. I can't stop looking at her hair with the stupid pen in it, or her cheekbones, or trying to smell her over the chlorine in the water.

Finally, when I can't hold myself back anymore I let my hand move to the back of her neck. My thumb brushes those little wet hairs and her skin is so hot against my hand, but it's still not enough of her heat for me. "Truth or dare?" I ask her again.

"Truth." But that's all she says. All the time in the world could have passed or none at all. All I focus on is her breathing and how it speeds up. Her eyes and how they drift closed. When I feel like I could burst out of my skin, she finally speaks. "Sometimes I wonder...if it's somehow my fault that they left me." Now she's looking at me, her big eyes staring right into mine, brave and unflinching. "I know it's stupid, right? I mean, I was a baby, but I wonder. Maybe I never stopped crying. Or they never wanted me. Or knew I would grow up to be to be something they hated."

It's no longer a game. The second she started this truth, I knew that. We really are baring our souls and if there's anyone I want to show what's inside me, it's her.

"Truth or dare?" she whispers.

"Truth." I concentrate on my hand massaging her neck. The difference in my white skin to hers. Anything except for what I'm about to say. Anything besides the sudden urge I have to go Incredible Hulk again. "My mom's an alcoholic. No one knows except for me and Sara's dad. Actually, that's a lie. I'm a liar because I let him think she quit."

Kira's mouth turns down. Her eyes look at me in a way no one ever has before. It's not pity, but it's sorrow. Like somehow my admission hurts her as much as it does me.

This time, I don't ask and she doesn't offer truth, she just gives one. "I don't know who I am or who I want to be. How can I when I don't even know where I came from? If the people who were supposed to love me gave me away?" Her voice is so soft that even though she's inches away from me, I have to struggle to make out her words.

It all makes sense now. Her style changes, hair changes. Being the straight 'A' student who likes breaking and entering. Or how she's not a cheer girl or a sports girl, but she lit up playing ball with me. No matter what I've been through, I've always known who I am. I'm Tommy and Delilah's son. I'm the basketball player. Sara's big brother. The keeper of Mom's secret. The liar. But Kira? She doesn't know. Suddenly, I need to give her something too. Like she showed me her pain and I need to show her mine. Even the field between us again.

"My mom's getting worse. Drinking more. Now it's not just me carrying her to bed at night, she drinks when Sara's home or hiding bottles at work and I'm so f**king scared that she's going to hurt herself. Or Sara. And it will be my fault for not taking better care of them."

"So you don't know who you are either, then? Because it's not your job to take care of them."

Her words take me back. But I do know who I am, don't I? No, I do. I can't reply to what she said because I don't agree with her. No one's ever really taken care of Mom. Not her parents, not Bill, the only person who did was my dad and he left her by dying. But she takes care of everyone. No matter what. Even if it does drive her to drink. Maybe that's the something she needs for herself? I don't know, but I do know I need to take care of her. It's what Dad would want.

"I don't know what it is, but I knew. Knew we had a lot in common. Even from that first day when you weren't paying any attention in English. I was...kind of heartbroken when I found out you had a girlfriend."

"I like you." Another one of my truths.

"I like you, too. Truth or dare?" she asks. And I know this is enough truths for one night. That we both need a break just to be.

"Dare."

"I dare you to kiss me."

"You didn't have to waste a turn on that I wouldn't have even made you ask."

This kiss feels so much different than the first one. There's more need and want behind it. Not the slow, tentative kisses. She opens her mouth and I get to taste her right away. Even after only one kiss, my tongue knows the contours of her mouth. The feel of her tongue.

She goes straight to my head, and I can't stop myself from reaching for her waist to pull her closer. To pull her on my lap so we don't have to concentrate on reaching. Just on kissing and touching. My hands fit perfectly, resting in the curves of her hips.

It's wild how different girls feel than guys; all soft, with so many dips and curves and valleys to explore. I've never wanted to travel so much in my life, but too soon, she pulls away. Leaning forward just a little, I let my forehead rest against hers. Our breaths mingle in a way I probably never would have noticed with a different girl.

"Truth or dare?" she asks one last time.

I don't even hesitate with my answer. "Truth. I'm really, really hoping we're going to start doing that more often."

Kira smiles, like always, all full of mystery, before standing up. "You'll have to wait and see, Coach. Come on. We don't want to risk getting in trouble. I think it's time to go home."

Chapter Thirteen

"So, do I get to ask if you're dating Kira now or is that not cool for a mom to ask her son?" Mom, Sara, and I are sitting at the table the next morning. She's blowing on her coffee. Sara's making an oatmeal mountain and I'm trying not to look as into this girl as I really am. Mom's cool and all, but yeah-talking about girls with your mom isn't my idea of a good time.

"I guess." I shrug.

"Are you seeing her today?" There's a smile on her lips and it becomes pretty clear to me, she's happy about the idea.

"Mom..."

"Kira's not yucky. She's nice." Sara takes a big bite of her food. I'd have to agree with her on that one. Kira is definitely not yucky.

"She likes you, too, Twig."

Mom leans back in her chair. "I'm going to miss this, talking with you guys. I can't believe you're a senior, Carter. That you'll be going to college soon. Moving on..." Her voice is low, distant, and I wonder if it's my fault. If I'm part of the reason she's getting worse. If it's because she's worried I'll be leaving her like Dad did.

"Ma, I don't even know where I'm going yet. Maybe I'll stay around here." Oh, shit. What if I have to stay around here? If she doesn't get better, I can't leave her or Sara.

"You'll go wherever you want. Scouts are looking at you. You need to start applying though. Time slips away so fast."

"I'm not in a hurry." I try to smile at her and then get up and toss my bowl in the sink. This isn't a conversation I feel like having right now. Back in my room, I screw around with my little basketball hoop and foam ball for a while, before plopping on my bed. There's a pile of wet clothes in the corner of my room from last night that I really need to wash, but I can't stop thinking about that fact they were hugging her body, and lame as it is, I don't want to wash that way.

My fingers itch to text her, but she's going to be at the store today. I'll see her, so instead I hit up Travis since we haven't really hung out lately. We make plans to do so in a few hours, so I take a quick nap, get dressed and then call Mom to tell her my plans. She and Sara are at the store, then later Kira will fill in and Mom's taking Sara to the fair.

"What's up?" Travis says when he opens his front door so I can go inside.

"Not much." We head upstairs to his room, where we start to play some video games.

"Dude! Did you see that? I'm beating your ass." Travis jumps up onto the couch in his room and does what I guess is his victory dance.

"You're such a dumbass."

"A dumbass who can take you."

"Whatever." I toss the controller to the floor and lean back on the couch. We're both quiet for a few minutes and my head goes back to last night and Kira. I owe Travis a few details because he's my boy and it's like a code or something, but I don't really want to talk about the personal stuff. Nothing private or personal for either of us so it's kind of hard to figure out what to say. Everything between Kira and I seems so much more personal that things are with anyone else.

"So...Kira and I broke into a hot tub together last night." I don't look over at him because it's not like talking about any other girl. It feels like more, and even though I let Kira in last night, it's not something I do often.

Travis lurches forward. "Holy shit! And you're just telling me this now, you lucky bastard." He hits my arm and I laugh. "So?"

"So what?"

"Dude, come on. You are so not leaving it at, 'I snuck into a hot tub with Kira' You have no idea how wild my imagination is going right now thinking about it...except it's me there and not you."

I laugh. "Sucks to be you." But then I lean back into his couch and wonder what to tell him. He's not getting details. That's for sure. "She tastes like mint and that's all I'm saying."

Travis groans. "You're killin' me, Shaw. Seriously. Knife in the back here."

I feel like I owe him a little more. Girls might think differently, but I know they talk to each other about us too. I've heard TMI about Travis from Mel and Trina before. I'd like to scrub it from my brain, but it's not like we've never talked too. But Kira? I want to keep this to myself. "I like her. A lot." It may not seem like a lot, but it's a big admission.

Travis nods. "I hear ya." He gets up and puts his hat on, and then falls down into his computer chair. It's another quiet minute, but I don't try and break it, somehow knowing he's about to. He looks at the ground, digging the toe of his shoe into the carpet. "Dad left Mom. My parents are splitting up."

This time, it's me who lurches forward on the couch. Travis still isn't looking at me and I wonder how long he's been carrying this around with him. What kind of friend I am for not noticing? Well, I noticed something was up, but I didn't ask. Now, the ditching school and partying kind of makes sense. "Wow. I'm sorry. I can't believe that..."

He shakes his head, looking up at me. "You and me both. I never... It's not really about me, right? I mean, I'm out of here in less than a year, but it just sucks."

"Yeah... Damn." Travis's parents always got along. He couldn't have said anything that would have shocked me more. And I know I should reciprocate. Tell him something about myself too. About my mom. I owe it to him. He's been my best friend for most of my life, but I'm such a coward, I can't make myself do it.

Travis pushes to his feet and wipes his eyes. "Okay. Enough about that."

I kind of feel like crap. I should have asked him before what was up. I shouldn't have ditched him so much lately. "Wanna stay at my house tonight? We can go out or something and then I can kick your ass. Have to get my title back."

"I'm not gonna break up, Carter. You don't have to play the pity card."

"Shut up."

He shrugs. "Okay. Sounds cool to me."

While waiting in my truck for Travis to get his crap and come down, I call Kira. She's expecting me today, but I need to hang out with Travis.

Until she picks up the phone, I don't even realize I'm a little nervous.

"Hey, Coach."

"Hey. What's up?"

"Nothing. Just about to head to your mom's store. What time are you coming in?"

"Ummm." I scratch my head. I'm pretty sure it's not cool to ditch your girlfriend less than twenty-four hours after she gets the title. "I'm with Trav right now. We haven't really hung out that much lately and he just told me his parents are splitting up."

She pauses. "Are you nervous to tell me you're hanging out with your friend? Geez. I like you, Carter, but I think I can handle a night on my own while you hang out with Travis."

Well, when she puts it like that, I sort of feel like an idiot. "You're awesome."

"I know." I hear the laugh in her voice.

"Can I pick you up for school Monday morning?"

"Hmmm, on one condition. After practice you have to meet me at the store. I'm pretty sure I can think of a good bribe to get you to do your English homework."

Just that easily, I'm smiling. "Only if I get to make the terms."

***

"Boys! Dinner's done! I made lasagna." Mom calls up the stairs to Travis and me. After my second win in a row, we turn off the game to head down.

"Oh well. I'd rather have dinner with your hottie-I mean, mom, anyway." Travis dodges my push. "I'm kidding. Touchy, aren't you?"

"So not going there." We all sit at the table to eat. Sara, who I think is maybe little bit in love with my best friend, scoots her chair closer to him.

"It's been a while since you've been here, Travis. How are you?" Mom asks.

He finishes chewing his bite. "Good." His eyes don't meet Mom's.

"That's good. You guys are playing great so far this year. Your senior year shaping up the way you want?"

"Mm hmm."

"Are you still dating Melanie's friend? What was her name?"

"Geez, Ma. Fifty questions." She looks at me funny, but then I think she sees something in my face and knows there's a reason I want her to lay off him.

"Sorry." She tosses a crouton from her salad at me and I laugh. "Who's up for dishes tonight? One, two, three, not it." I'm pretty sure I have the only mother in the world that plays "not it".

"No it," Travis says, before I can.

"No fair!" I pout and they both laugh at me. Once dinner is done, I kind of, sort of wash the dishes before tossing them in the machine and turning it on. Travis is with Mom and Sara in the living room.

"What do you want to do? Wanna go out or stay here?" I ask him as Sara grabs my arm.

"Play. Carter. Trav. Please, please." Sara's holding Candyland.

"I'll play with you, sweetie," Mom tells her. "Let the boys go out."

"Carter! Carter! Please." She hugs me and then runs over and wraps her arms around Travis, too. I groan, knowing this can't be the way Travis wants to spend a Saturday night, but also knowing Sara has a way of getting what she wants.

I look at him and Travis shrugs, before saying, "I am like the King of Candyland. Get ready to go down."

Sara looks up at him, smiles, and starts jabbering in excitement.

Travis, Sara, Mom and I spend the next three hours playing every game in Sara's closet. And it's actually kind of cool. Mom's the person she would always be if it wasn't for alcohol. Sara's happy. I'm pretty sure Travis isn't thinking about his parents. The only thing missing is Kira.

***

Kira still has her hair straight when I pick her up Monday morning. She's dressed in a pair of jeans and a hoodie. The clothes are almost too normal for her, but she still looks good. As soon as she closes the door behind her, I don't even give her a chance to speak before I lean over and kiss her. Kissing her ranks at the top of my favorite things to do list.

When my body starts to overheat, I press my lips to hers one more time before pulling away.

"Well, good morning to you, too." Her hand comes up to touch her lips and I hope she's trying to savor my touch. On the way to school, I give her a rundown of Saturday night.

"That sounds like so much fun! I totally want to play next time. I love your little sister. She's so cool."

Smiling, I say, "She takes after me."

We get a few strange looks when we show up at school holding hands. People are surprised to see us together. Death glares come from the cheer team, but Kira doesn't flinch or say anything. Travis alternates between teasing us, and telling Kira how much cooler he is than me, and that she should go out with him instead. I alternate between laughing and wanting to punch him even though I know he'd never really try to steal my girl.

Mrs. Z gives me the eye when we get to English, but before she can say anything, I promise her I will have work for her tomorrow and every day the rest of the week. And I will. I have to, even though I have no idea how I'm going to get it all done.

"You're running out of time, Mr. Shaw," is her only reply.

After practice, it takes a real Houdini act to dodge Mel, who is waiting for me, the way I used to wait for her after practice, but I manage. By the time I get to the store, I'm exhausted, knowing there are hours of work ahead of me.

"Truth or dare?" Kira whispers to me when I fall into the chair by the register.

I look up at her, wondering how she knew. "Truth. I'm stressed out about English. I have a lot to do and it takes me forever to do it." My eyes won't stay on her, hating what I admitted.

"But you want to? Do it, I mean?"

"Yeah. I don't want to fail. And I've managed it before, but..."

Kira shrugs. "Then you'll do it again. I know you can, Coach. You teach me more basketball, I'll help you with English."

I'd wanted this on my terms, and somehow she gave it to me, without my even having to ask.

Chapter Fourteen

As the next couple weeks go by, I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop. Waiting for Mrs. Z to tell me the work I've turned in isn't good enough. Waiting for us to somehow lose a game, which we haven't. Undefeated so far and with the way I'm playing, I'm pretty sure that's not what's going to go wrong.

So what will it be? Will Kira suddenly start spazzing out like Mel did? Turning into a girl with multiple personalities who's never happy with what I do? Nah, I'm pretty sure that isn't what's going to happen. She's awesome. She's the only person who makes me feel like talking. Who makes me feel the way I always tried to pretend I felt. With her, it's not an act. I don't have to lie. Plus, she's smokin' hot.

So then that leaves Mom. Will she be the one to bring everything crashing down on me again? Because right now, things are perfect. I look in her eyes when she wakes up, study her voice on the phone, rummage through all the stock rooms at the store. I've even looked in her closet. Nothing. Does that mean she hasn't had a drink since the day she woke up so sick? In my chest, it feels like she hasn't. Like she realizes how bad it was and is now better. That she'll never pick up a bottle again because she knows what it does to us. What it could do to Sara and she's decided that's more important.

My head is another story though. Last time, she told me it wouldn't happen again and I believed her. Look how that turned out. This time, she didn't even tell me. There were no promises. Just nothing. Just...suddenly sober.

But for how long?

"Mr. Shaw," Mrs. Z's voice rips me away from where I just went. "And here I thought you weren't falling asleep in my class anymore."

I look over at Kira, trying to give her the eye that says she should have saved me, but she smirks, winks, and walks out of the room with everyone else. Traitor.

"You have a minute?"

Yeah. Like I can say no to a teacher. "Absolutely." Really I want to tell her no because she's about to make my nightmares come true.

She sits on the edge of her desk and I stand in front of her. "I just want to let you know I'm proud of you. You've done a great job these past weeks. You're bringing your grade up nicely and you're caught up. Keep up the good work, Mr. Shaw. "

"Excuse me?" Totally not what I expected her to say.

"You heard me. And I want to let you know again, that I'm always here to talk. If you're having trouble with your work or anything."

She knows. Mrs. Z knows. I think about backpedaling. Telling her I don't need help and never will, but then I remember how it felt with Kira. Not lying and something makes me open my mouth and do it again. "I'm doing okay. I just... have to go slow, ya know? Sometimes it's confusing and gets a little jumbled in my head, but if I take it slow, I can work it out."

Some of the weight falls off my shoulders, my chest, with each of the words.

"That's understandable. Especially with Shakespeare. He's not very easy to understand. Please come to me if you need help. My door is always open to you, Carter. You're a smart boy. I know that. I just want to see you shine."

Her words find something inside me that I didn't know was there. "Thanks, Mrs. Z. I'm working on it."

"You'll get there. I have no doubt about it."

Not gonna lie. There's totally an extra spring in my step when I walk out of the class. It's magnified when I see Kira waiting outside the room for me. "Thanks for having my back," I tease. "Aren't you supposed to be keeping me awake?"

She hooks her arm through mine as we start walking to art. "Nope. You're all grown up now. You can handle it yourself."

"Aww, thanks, Mom. Shit...forget I called you that because then I couldn't do this." I stop walking, hook my fingers in her belt loops and pull her toward me until there's no space between us and I'm leaning against the locker. My hands then find their home on her h*ps as I let my mouth skim over hers. I kiss the side of her mouth, the other side and then part her lips with my tongue. Kira's arms wrap around my neck, her hands thread through my hair. She tugs a little making it sting in a good way.

All too soon the bells ringing and the kiss is over. We're obviously late, but I don't think either of us cares.

Ruffling my hair again, Kira says, "I love it when your hair looks all messy like you just rolled out of bed."

This time, I don't let myself think about what could go wrong because maybe this time, it won't. Maybe everything is finally getting better. Actually, it couldn't get any better. Maybe now it's just staying there.

***

The second I walk into the house, I know something is wrong. The scent I hate doesn't cling to the air. Nothing looks different, but I somehow know. My feet feel heavy as I force them to move forward. "Mom?" I call as I walk through the house.

Barney is playing in the family room, so I know Sara is here and fine, but my heart is still running a marathon and my muscles are tight.

"Mom?"

I hear a sniffling sound before Mom says, "In here, Carter."

As I round the corner into the living room and see her eyes red, everything inside me shifts. The fear and worry for her, for her drinking, is still there, but anger, too. Anger for who or whatever hurt her. "What's wrong?" My voice isn't quite as calm as I try for.

" It's your grandpa." With shaky hands, she wipes her eyes. "I don't know why I expect him to change. Why I keep thinking things will get better with him."

Probably for the same reason I believe things will get better with you... My thoughts annoy me. Mom isn't like him. Yes, she has a problem, but she's never mean. She'd never hurt us the way he hurt her. And besides, things are better for her now. She has stopped. Hopefully, he hasn't changed that.

"He's a jerk. I hate him. What did he do to you?" I'm pacing the room, knowing I should sit next to her, knowing I should be comforting her, but I can't.

Mom sighs. "Don't say you hate him. No matter what he's still your grandfather."

My head whips around to face her. "What? He verbally abused you for your whole life. He pretty much pretends Sara doesn't exist. Call me crazy, but I don't consider that any kind of grandpa I want. You shouldn't either. You should just walk away from him."

But I know she can't, just the way I could never walk away from her. Not like they're the same, because they're not.

She holds up her hand. "Please. I can't fight about him right now. I have too much to figure out. They've given me a week to find him a new place to live, which will take money and time, both of which I don't have a lot of. And I can't..." She shakes her head. When she speaks again, her voice is softer. "He's my dad, but I can't do it again. I can't live with him. I can't bring him here. Not after being free of him for all these years."

It's guilt's turn to take over as my primary emotion. "What do you need? We can take the money out of my savings."

Shaking her head, she stands up. "Absolutely not. He doesn't get your money. It'll just have to be taken out of money I had saved for us. I just...I feel like I live my own life. I never had that growing up and it scares me to consider living with him again, even if it is only short term. It would help if he could live on his own, or would sell the house." Mom stops talking and then waves her hand. "Never mind." She wipes the remaining wetness from her eyes. "You shouldn't have to hear this or deal with it. I'll take care of it. I'm sure we can find him a place to live."

Hopefully. I'm not so sure. What if they talk to his current home? Who's going to want to deal with a violent, mean old man? But for her, I smile, even though I want to tell her she shouldn't have to do anything. That he didn't take care of her, so he should have to take care of himself.

"How did I get so lucky?" Mom walks over to me and cups my cheek with her hand. "How did I get the best son in the world? I'm so lucky to have you, Carter. I want you to know I know that." Her eyes start to pool again.

"Mom, don't. I mean, I'm good, but I'm not that good," I try to play it off.

"Yes you are. And I want you to know." She pulls her hand back and stands up straight, taking a few breaths like she's trying to prepare herself for something. "I want you to know, I'm okay. I'll be okay. After...after the last time, getting so sick? Hurting and scaring you. That's not okay. None of it. You and Sara are the most important things to me in the whole world and I will never do anything to hurt you again."

The tears are rolling down her face now, her words struggling to come out. My eyes start to feel wet too.

"I'm done, Carter. It's not my crutch anymore. This time, I swear it won't happen again."

Mom pulls me into a hug and I fight crying as hard as she is. Hate that even though she's so sad, I'm happy. How can I be anything but happy when this time, for real, I know things will be okay. That she's done. That I won't ever have to worry about alcohol trying to take her over again.

***

Mom and I both play it off like nothing is wrong when Sara comes in, asking for something to eat. Mom heads to the kitchen to make her a snack.

"I have to go pick Kira up and take her home," I tell her. "Will you be okay?"

Mom smiles and it looks so real. Maybe she's just as good at hiding as I've always been. "Of course. Sara and I will have some popcorn and hang out. Tell Kira hi for us, okay?"

"Okay." I start to walk out, but then turn walk over and give Mom a hug first, hoping it shows her I'm sorry and that I believe in her. "Catch ya later, Twig." I tell Sara and then make my way out.

Kira's closing up the store when I get there. She's wearing jeans again. She's been wearing them more often, but she's topped it off with a tie-dyed sweatshirt that looks like something I've seen in movies that take place in the 60's.

While she finishes counting down the drawer, I make sure all the lights are off in the display cases. "Ready?" I ask as I walk up to her.

"Nope." Then, leaning forward, she gives me a quick kiss. "Now I am, Coach."

I thread my fingers through hers, wanting to feel her close to me. We have to let go for her to lock the door, but then we're attached again until I'm driving and she's sitting in the passenger side.

"I'm thinking about adding some red in my hair. What do you think?" Kira rolls her window down a bit. I've noticed that about her. That even if it's not hot, she seems to like the fresh air.

"I think it will look cool. I like your hair natural, too, though."

"Yeah?" I feel her eyes on me in the dark truck.

"Absolutely. You're gorgeous. I totally have a hot girlfriend."

Kira laughs like I hoped she would, stalls a couple seconds and then says, "I'll think about it."

I'm not sure what that means. If she'll think about keeping her hair as it is? Like I said, I like her no matter what. I love that I never know what to expect from her, but I want her to do it just for fun, not to search for the girl who's already sitting next to me.

Kira's quieter than usual. I keep glancing at her, but her eyes stay forward. Soon, she's putting her window down all the way, her arm hanging out as she makes waves in the wind. Shouldn't be so sexy, but it is. Everything she does makes me see things differently. Even stupid arm waves.

And if anyone could hear my thoughts right now, I'd never live it down.

"You okay over there?" I ask, reaching my hand over to lay it on her thigh.

"Just thinking..."

"Truth or dare," I throw at her. It's up to her, if she wants to talk or not. That's the way we work, but this way, she knows I'm here to talk. That, just like she said, I want to know anything about her she wants to tell me.

Leaning back, she puts her feet up on my dashboard. "Truth. Lana might have found my mom."

"What?" Before she can reply, I pull over. This is definitely a park-on-the-side-of-the-road kind of conversation. The truck glows when I hit the interior light. "How did that happen?"

"I asked her to look a long time ago. She's done a lot of work for shelters around LA. Knows a lot of people. We always figured my...mom? That she had to be homeless or whatever. So people listen, ya know? One of the women, I guess she just got clean or something, she's still on the streets, but she's been asking around about a baby who was left at a shelter."

Just got clean. On the streets. Asking about a baby. "Come here." My hand cups her cheek and slides through her hair. I want nothing more than to be here for her, take care of her, let her know I'm here to listen or do whatever she needs. Because that's what she does for me, even if she doesn't realize it. And it feels good to give and take.

Kira scoots closer to me. Our foreheads touch. I'm still holding her, feeling the soft strands of her hair brushing against my fingers. "How do you feel about that? Her? I mean, do you want to meet her?"

She breathes. I breathe. We take turns, the heat of our air lingering and blending between us.

"I don't know. I mean, Lana's always been there. She loves me and I love her, so is it wrong to want to see who this lady is? I don't want to hurt Lana, and no matter what, she's my mom, but..."

I let my hand slide through her hair and cup the back of her neck.

"I also need to know who I am, Carter. She can tell me that."

"Hey." When I back away enough to see her, I notice her eyes are flooded. I've seen a lot of girls I care about cry: Mom, Sara, Mel, but nothing is like seeing Kira cry. She's fun, and wild, and free and happy. Tears don't belong in her eyes. Frowns don't belong on her lips. It's not right. "You have to do what you want, but meeting her? That's not going to tell you who you are. You already know who you are. I know who you are. You don't need her for that."

"You do?"

"I do. And I like what I see."

A smile is her reply. "I like what I see, too, Carter Shaw."

When she asks me truth or dare, the truth sticks to my tongue. I want to tell her about grandpa, about Mom, but more than that, I want tonight to be about her and making her feel better without my problems pushing their way in.

"Dare," I tell her. "Dare me to kiss you."

Kira laughs. "I don't have to dare you to do that." And then it's her who leans forward to kiss me, but right before her lips touch mine, I speak again.

"Go to winter formal with me."

"I would have thought that was a given, Coach."

We're both laughing as our lips meet in the middle.

Chapter Fifteen

"It feels weird waiting for Kira to come over here instead of picking her up. Shouldn't I lose points for that or something?" I'm standing in front of the mirror, slipping on my suit jacket. My black slacks are a little baggy, just how I like them. I thought about tucking in the white, button-up shirt, but it it's not really my style and I know Kira won't mind. She'll want me to be me. I went back and forth on the tie, but ditched it, too. Unfortunately, my Nikes had to go, replaced by a pair of black dress shoes. I can't imagine if I tried to pull this off with Mel. I probably wouldn't even have tried.

"No, you don't lose points for that. Lana had to go to work and she wants to see you guys together. Are you sure you shouldn't wear the tie?" Mom asks from the doorway.

"Nope."

"Okay, what about your hair? It's a little messy."

Kira likes it like this, I want to tell her. "I brushed it after I washed it." Mom groans so I turn to her. "Mom, I know Kira. She's not like other girls. She's different. She'd probably laugh at me if I tried too hard."

Mom steps up behind me, brushing invisible lint off my shoulders. "You really like her, don't you?"

My chest starts to feel a little tight. "Yeah."

Mom takes a couple deep breaths, and I know something big is coming. "You're being safe, right? I'm not an idiot. Even though I'd rather you waited, I know how it is. I just want to make sure you're being careful. Taking care of your responsibilities, which are to always, always use a condom."

So not the thing I want to talk about with my mom. "Mom..."

"I know it's embarrassing, but it's also important. Do you need protection? I-"

My cheeks feel hot. I don't remember the last time I blushed. Pulling away, "Lalalala," I tease. "We really don't have to do this, Ma. We're not sleeping together and if it does happen, I have it under control. I won't be stupid about it." End of story. I hope.

A smile tugs at the corners of Mom's mouth. She's been smiling a lot lately. Still not drinking, even after all the crap with Grandpa. Hopefully he'll stay hidden away in his new nursing home and we won't have to deal with him again.

"I know you won't. If I don't say it enough, there aren't words for how proud I am of you. Your father would be, too. You're so much like him." Mom touches my cheek. "Any time I'm missing him, I just have to look at you. You're a wonderful guy, just like him."

"I..." It's the first time she's said that to me. We talk about him all the time. I know how much she loved him, still loves him, but she's never told me any of this. For the millionth time, I wish he could be here with us. How different would our lives have been if he never died? I bet she wouldn't drink. I never remember her drinking when he was alive. But then...we wouldn't have Sara, either, so it's not like I can really wish for him to be here.

"I know, Carter," Mom says, saving me.

Turning toward the mirror again, I straighten the collar on my jacket. "You have to admit, I look good."

***

Holy shit.

I can't move out of the entryway to my house. One hand is on the door, the other against the wall, blocking Kira and Lana from entering, but I can't find it in myself to step out of the way. My body temperature spikes about a million degrees. I try to fight it, but my mind goes back to the conversation I had with Mom a little while ago, suddenly wanting to be in the situation where I'll need the protection she talked about.

Kira is always gorgeous. Tonight, I realize she's the most beautiful girl in the world.

Her hair is straight, but tied up in some kind of ball. Little wispy multi-color ribbons blend in, hanging down. I love her hair down, but up like this, it shows me her neck. Her very nice neck. I like necks.

Her dress reaches right above her knees, showing me her legs. I like legs.

The straps are thin, I don't know what they're called, but they show me her collarbone, shoulders. Lots of creamy brown skin. I like skin.

Even though the bottom of her dress flares out, the top is tight. Not too tight, but hugging her curves, her br**sts. I like curves and br**sts.

Her dress is kind of silky, and colorful, just like her. All the bright colors from her ribbons are in the dress, too. I like it. I like her.

"Fancy seeing you here, Coach." Her teeth are so white. My porch light glints off the tiny diamond in her nose. I take in her cheekbones again. Everything about her I want to study. To know in a way that I can never forget it.

My brain knows I should reply, but I can't. I just can't stop staring.

Lana leans toward her and says, "I think he likes it."

Her words pull me out of my Kira-trance. Lana ducks under my arm, either joining my mom behind me or running all the way to China for all I know. The most important thing is she's left me and Kira alone. "You're incredible," I finally say.

A dusting of red highlights her cheeks and travels south. "You're not so bad yourself."

***

"I hope that's okay. I thought you'd like it better than roses or something like that." I wanted to give her a corsage that was different like her, so I'm hoping the Lily isn't too...big. Travis stood in the florist with me for an hour. And he totally gave me crap about it a couple times too, but it's been worth it. "I didn't realize it would be so..."

"Perfect," she says. Before clapping her hands together which I've noticed is always what she does when she gets an idea. "Okay! This is what we're going to do tonight. Let's make a deal that we'll just have fun. Not that I don't always have fun with you, but tonight is 'Happy Kira and Carter night'. What do you think?"

I'm pretty sure it sounds incredible. "Deal. Just one question, though-"

"Carter!"

"Just one. I swear. I just want to know...did you decide if you're going? To LA?"

Kira shakes her head. "No, I didn't decide, now shh. Happy Kira and Carter night."

"Happy Kira and Carter night," I echo after her.

"So, what do you know about the girl Travis is going with?" Kira plays with one of the colored ribbons in her hair. I get out of the car, and run around to open her door before answering.

"Not much. She doesn't go to our school. He met her at a party or something like that." I lock my fingers together with hers. "And I know she isn't as beautiful as you."

Kira's eyes dart to the ground, before she recovers, giving me one of her sassy looks. "I thought you haven't seen her before, Coach."

"I haven't." And then, before I look like more of an idiot by getting even sappier, I lead her toward the restaurant. We picked a little Italian place. The lights are dim when we walk in, those red and white checkered table cloths that I thought they only use in movies are lying across each table. There are candles at each one, which I hope will be bright enough to let the light glitter off her nose ring because...well, because it's sexy.

"What's up?" Travis waves his hand at us from the table. I hold in my laugh. Loser. He went with a tie. The girl sitting next to him is Asian. She's tiny. Like practically microscopic. She's pretty, though.

"Hey," I say when we get to the table, then pull Kira's chair out for her. I take the seat next to her.

"Carter, Kira, this is Patrice. Patrice, Kira and Carter. Wow... I never said your names together before. They even start with the same sound. How cute!" Travis teases. I roll my eyes at my best friend.

We launch into conversation, Travis and I jumping into basketball talk and how much we rock. Patrice looks a little lost in the conversation. Apparently Travis hasn't filled her in too much on his life.

"You can come with me to their next home game if you want," Kira offers and my eyes shoot to Travis. Hopefully he's planning on seeing this girl more than once. He shrugs like it's okay.

After dinner we take our separate cars with plans to meet up at the dance right after. All the dances except for Prom are held in the high school gym. Totally lame, if you ask me, but whatever.

"Travis seems different lately. Like he's upset or something." Kira latches her seat belt.

"Yeah." She's right. It's because of his parents though. Not like I can give him shit for having trouble dealing with his parents' split. "He's going through a lot right now."

"You should spend more time with him. Might help."

My heart starts beating really fast all of a sudden. "Are you trying to get rid of me?"

Kira laughs. "No way, Coach, but he's your best friend. He needs you. We're always together. Aren't guys supposed to be all 'bros before hos' or something like that?"

"You're not a ho. You're..." What is she? Okay, stupid question, but it kind of hits me all of a sudden. I know Kira's different. That I like her in a way I've never liked another girl. She's gorgeous and funny, and understanding, and... "Awesome." It probably has to be one of the stupidest things I've ever said, but I don't know what else to say and now I'm sitting here contemplating my feelings like no guy ever really likes to do and it's...

She laughs again. "You're...awesome too."

"I know." I squeeze her hand when I say it, and then let go so I can pull into the parking lot. Saved by her declaration of my awesomeness.

The gym is dark except for the strobe lights and other colored lights they have hanging all over the place. There's a deejay in the corner, playing some mix of Britney Spears or some crap like that. We look around for Travis and Patrice, but don't see them, so I take a seat at one of the tables.

"Dance with me!" Kira calls over the music.

I look around, the image of her dancing at the party fills my brain until it's all I see. Until the image of me trying to dance jerks into my head and fantasy-Kira trips over my feet as I try to dance with her. "It's not a slow song..."

"Good observation." I'm sitting on top of the table, and Kira comes forward and steps between my legs, wrapping her arms around my neck. "Don't tell me you can't dance."

"Oh, no. I can dance." I lean forward and nuzzle her neck. "Just not well," I whisper against her skin. Kira shivers. Shivers! Goosebumps slide down her skin and I want to kiss every single little bump on her.

"That's a tragedy." I'm still kissing her while she speaks and it's making her voice all raspy. Totally hot.

"Not if we get to do this instead," I reply.

"Hey! Break it up before I have to give you two detentions!"

Kira looks up at the sound of Travis's voice, forcing me to pull my lips away from her neck.

"You suck." I notice his eyes are a little red and glossy. I c*ck my head to the side, studying him.

"Patrice? Do you dance? My boyfriend won't dance with me." Kira's completely out of my arms as she talks to Travis's date.

Patrice confirms and the next thing I know, Kira's kissing me goodbye and walking away to go dance with Patrice. Travis falls next to me, onto the table. The second he does, I get an all too familiar whiff of alcohol. It shouldn't be a big deal. It really shouldn't. Travis has always drunk. Not all the time, but he parties once in a while like everyone else. He's smart about it and I've never know him to drink before coming onto school grounds before. It's not like either of us never break rules or anything, but the school is strict on this. If he gets caught, he's off the team. He'll probably get kicked out of school his senior year.

And even though he's always partied from time to time, he's been doing it a lot lately. It's different. "Dude, are you drunk?"

Travis does a double take and then laughs. "Wow...you totally just sounded like my dad. Well, what my dad sounded like when he lived at home and could actually catch me if I did something."

My stomach starts to roll. "Hey, I know it sucks or whatever, but still. I mean, I'm not saying you can't party, but don't do it here. What about the team?" Carter's stupid comment number two. Why aren't I telling him not to drink at all? That it only makes things worse? That before he knows it he'll be hiding bottles of alcohol in his closet and damaging everyone he knows?

He pats my shoulder. "There's more to life than ball, man."

"No shit, but still. It's up there. It always has been. You couldn't handle it if you got kicked off the team."

"Then be quiet and stop talking about it so no one knows." He leaps off the table. "I'm gonna go dance with my date. You should be doing the same thing rather than trying to babysit me." Travis heads over to the girls, squeezing his way between them and wrapping his arms around Patrice, who doesn't seem to mind. Kira backs up a little before turning and heading over to me.

"Hey. What's wrong?" She asks, taking her position between my legs again.

I open my mouth to tell her, but then stop. Am I freaking out? Overreacting? I mean, how many people drink and have fun? Drinking before a dance doesn't make him Mom. "Nothing." I hug her close to me, but can't concentrate to continue where we left off a few minutes ago. Instead, I watch Travis across the gym. The familiar question hits me again. Am I doing the right thing? Should I say something? Do something? But then, why does it always have to be me. Why am I always the one responsible for everyone else? For one night, I just wanted to be free with Kira. Free to have a good time without any of the other shit and I'm determined to make that happen. Even when she kisses my ear before whispering, "Liar, liar pants on fire."

***

Kira and I spend the dance sitting on the table. We talk a little bit, but I'm watching Travis. He's laughing with Patrice and having the kind of fun I should be having. They disappear every once in a while, but then find their way back to the floor dancing and laughing. I suck. I know I do because Kira deserves to be having that much fun, but instead, she's stuck with me, who's stuck babysitting someone else, hoping they won't drink too much.

"Wow. Like the suit, Carter. You'd think you could at least try to dress up." Mel and Trina stand next to the table, two guys I don't know with them. She's all princessed-out, even wearing a tiara. What did I ever see in this girl?

"Since I didn't come with you, I don't see why you care what I'm wearing."

Kira's hand tightens on my arm. "Plus, he looks gorgeous. You know, he has the kind of hair a girl loves running her hands through." There's all sorts of innuendo in Kira's voice that makes me want to cheer for my girl.

"Whatever. Excuse us while we actually go have fun at the dance. My date actually wants to dance with me."

I open my mouth to say something, not caring that Mel is now walking away from me because she's not the one I want to talk to. "Shit. I'm ruining this, aren't I?"

We've sat through all the slow songs. All the fast songs while everyone around us is free to have fun. "I'm sorry," I turn to her and say, hoping she understands where it comes from. "I want to dance with you. Have fun with you."

Before she replies, a slow song comes on. "Then dance with me, Carter Shaw." She stands up and holds out her hand. I grab it, leading her to a corner of the gym before pulling her close. So close that she couldn't get closer without being a part of me. Inside me. Me inside her. Together.

Her hand plays in my hair. My hands rub up and down her back. And it feels good to be this close to her. So good that I'm pretty sure she feels the evidence of it against her stomach, but she doesn't say anything so I don't care. And I know this is supposed to be our night, but I need to be honest with her, too. Need her to understand why I've spent the whole night sitting at the table. "Travis is drunk," I mumble into her hair. My hands don't stop moving, exploring and neither do hers. I feel her chest rise and fall against mine until our breaths are synchronized, like it's a play on the court that we've practiced a million times.

"I wondered. I smelled it on Patrice too."

"He's been partying a lot." I didn't think much about it until tonight. I let it go. He told me about his parents and I just let it go, without trying to do anything.

"It's not your fault." Her words counter my thoughts, trying to battle my demons into making me believe her, but I don't. It might not be my fault he's started drinking more, but it's my fault for not trying to stop him.

"Okay."

Kira leans far enough away from me that we're face to face. "I'm serious, Carter."

Instead of replying, I kiss her, needing to feel that closeness. Needing to feel like everything is normal. Seeing Travis makes me think about Mom and Grandpa until they're all I can think about.

I part her lips with my tongue, and she lets me, kissing me back just as fiercely. It goes on and on and on. Maybe till the end of time, or at least until I feel like I could explode from it, but I keep going because this isn't such a bad way to blow up.

"Carter!" Someone grabs onto my arm, pulling me away from Kira. It's Patrice. Her eyes are wide with worry. "I need your help. Travis is sick. He's in the bathroom. I think he's throwing."

Automatically, I take off for the bathroom. The door slams against the wall as I storm in. Travis is laying in one of the stalls, puke all over his suit and his head in the toilet.

Suddenly, he's not Travis anymore. I see Mom. Hear Mom. "Sowwy, Carter."

I shake the thoughts from my head, making my way to Travis. "Hey... You okay?" And finally! We have a winner for the stupidest thing Carter has said tonight!

"Peachy," Travis says before he starts up-chucking again. I want to puke, too. I hate the smell. The sound. It's worse than nails on a chalkboard. Worse than anything.

"We gotta get you out of here before someone sees you," I tell him. "I'll be right back." Nausea battles my insides, but I push it aside, before opening the bathroom door. Kira and Patrice are waiting outside.

"Some people tried to come in. I told them it's broken. We need to figure something out." Kira touches my arm. And now I know. I know what she is. She's more than awesome. She's the girl I love, because that little touch, it somehow helps.

"Here." I hand her my keys. "Can you pull my truck around back?" I point down the hall. "Then bring my gym bag in for me?"

She grabs the keys with no question and starts for the door. "Don't let anyone in here." Patrice nods at me and then I'm gone, heading to the stall to check on Travis again. He's throwing up again, splashes of vomit hitting the inside of the toilet. I fight the urge to throw up myself. I don't have time. Right now, I have to make sure no one catches him. I can't let Travis loose basketball or get kicked out of school.

Pulling some tissue off the roll, he wipes his mouth, still kneeling by the toilet. We're quiet for a couple minutes. Kira should be back any second. I am about to go check when Travis speaks.

"Dude. I am so f**ked up," he says. It's then I notice the flask on the floor.

Hold it together, Shaw. "Are you done? Kira's getting you clothes. You can change and we'll sneak you out." There's no emotion in my voice even though I feel like it's spilling out of me from everywhere.

He nods his head. At the same time, the bathroom door creaks and I freeze.

"Carter? It's me." I relax at the sound of Kira's voice. Man, she was fast. I run back over to her and grab the bag, my eyes catching hers, trying to tell her thank you. I'm pretty sure the small smile she gives me is telling me it's okay.

Back in the bathroom, I'm stuffing Travis's disgusting clothes into my bag as he's putting on my basketball shorts and a t-shirt. It takes him a couple minutes, stumbling around before he gets them on. The whole time I'm seeing Mom. Remembering my feet getting tangled in hers as I carried her up the stairs.

"Come on." My voice is tight, as tight as my body as I help him to the door.

"Carter, let me help him." Kira reaches for him when we get out the door. "It will look weird if someone sees the two of you together."

My stomach drops to my feet, but I know she's right. My teeth grind together as she puts her arm around Travis's waist, holding him close. His arm goes around her neck, the way mine would, the only difference is I'd let her lean on me instead of the other way around.

Patrice is looking around, nervous. Her eyes scanning the halls. They're as red as his are. I have to bite my tongue not to yell at her. How could she let him get this f**king drunk? But is it really her fault? I should have seen it. Talked to him. I know the signs. What to look for. Besides, she's been drinking, too.

My whole body is stiff as we walk down the hall, away from the dance. Kira is holding Travis. Travis is holding Kira. She shouldn't have to do this. Shouldn't have to carry my drunk friend into the parking lot.

It's as though there's no music. All I hear is my heart and our footsteps. We have to make it out of here. Have to.

A group of girls walk out of the bathroom. Their laughter stops when they see us. Their eyes are on Kira and Travis then me. They know we're together, everyone does, so they have to be wondering why my girl is walking with her arms around my best friend.

Please, don't say anything. Please don't say anything. They keep watching us, my heart hammering like crazy. When we pass them I keep going, just needing to get him outside and out of here.

As soon as we step outside, the burning in my lungs stops. My breath runs free for the first time in who knows how long.

"What are we going to do?" Kira asks. I take Travis from her, and put him in my truck. He passes out the second he hits the seat.

"I can't bring him home. His mom will freak."

"What about me? Can someone bring me home?" Patrice asks.

"Shit." I lean against my truck. One night. We'd wanted one night with nothing bad and this is what we get. "I don't know if I can sneak him in my house, either." And I'm scared. What if Mom catches us? Smells the alcohol. She's been so good. What if it lures her? Makes her want it again?

"Lana's at work tonight. She went in after the dance. We can bring him to my house."

My eyes catch hers. "No. No way. You shouldn't have to deal with him."

"I really need to get home," Patrice breaks in again.

"Then you should have thought of that before you guys got trashed," Kira says. Then to me, "Carter, it's okay. We don't really have much of a choice."

She's right. I know it, but I hate it, too. "Here." I reach into the bag, pulling Travis's keys out of his suit. "Can you take Patrice home? Then meet me at your house? We can talk there."

Kira nods her head and turns to walk away, but I pull her to me instead. My hand cups her cheek. My forehead touching hers. "Thanks."

"It'll be fine. Everything will be fine," she tells me, and then she and Patrice are gone.

Chapter Sixteen

Travis is passed out in Kira's bed. In her bed. I've never even been in it and though I know this is a screwed up situation, that I would never want to be in her bed like drunk off my ass, I'm jealous. So angry that I want to wake up my best friend just to kick his ass. To knock some sense into him.

"I don't want to leave him with you. It doesn't feel right. It's not your responsibility, but I'm pretty sure I can't stay out all night. Mom will never believe me if I tell her I'm going to Travis's tonight." Not after our conversation this afternoon.

"It's not your responsibility, either." Her hair is down now. She's wearing an old t-shirt and a pair of sweats, home early from our dance. Nice. "Nothing's going to happen. He's asleep. He'll stay asleep. I'll watch him. Hide him when Lana gets home, and kick his hung-over ass out when she takes her nap. It'll be fine," she says again.

I turn away from her, leaning my hands on her desk. I see Travis's reflection in the mirror in front of me. I'm pissed at myself. Pissed at Travis. Mom, Grandpa. Dad for dying. I'm pissed at everyone right now. Kira steps up behind me, her darker arms wrapping around me from behind. Now it's only our reflection I see. Her eyes. Her smooth, brown skin, blending and mixing with mine as she twines herself around me. "Oh! I have an idea."

I can't help it. I chuckle. How is it she always has an idea. That she can always sound so excited about whatever it is. "What's that?"

"I used to have this best friend in LA. Her name was Misty. Whenever we wanted to hang out, but couldn't, we'd have phone slumber parties."

"Huh?" Texting I'm good with. I used to hate it when Mel would keep me on the phone for hours and a phone slumber party sounds awful girly.

"Don't look at me like that!" She swats me. "It's fun. Call me when you get home and we can talk all night. Talk till one of us falls asleep and it'll be just like we're together."

"Okay," I hear myself say, and amazingly, I don't hate the idea of talking to her on the phone all night. I look around her room again. There's neon green, round chair under the window. Flowers painted on the walls. Flowers I'm pretty sure she drew and painted herself. It's so her.

"Thank you. You're..."

"Awesome," she answers for me. "I know."

I make my way home as fast as I can. The lights are off, which doesn't surprise me. I keep them off as I make my way up the stairs, Sara's hall nightlight makes it so I can see. Her door is cracked open so I peek in. Mom is in bed with her. Sara must have had one of her nightmares. It's the only time Mom sleeps with her.

"Hey," she whispers, looking at me from Sara's bed. Both eyes take me in. Not one, trying to even her vision. Her voice sounds normal and some of the nausea leaves me. I didn't realize I was freaked she'd be drinking again until I see that she isn't.

"Hey."

"Did you have fun?" Mom asks.

No. "Yeah."

"Good. I'm glad. You deserve it. I want to hear all about it in the morning, okay?"

I nod, even though the words, 'not likely' are swimming in my head. "Night, Ma. I love you."

"I love you too, Carter."

I pull the door closed and then head for my room, before stopping. I don't know what makes me do it. Why I can't just leave stuff alone, but after one quick glance to make sure Sara's door is closed, I slip into Mom's room. My feet carry me straight to the closet. To the box, where I lift my baby blankets. A bottle sits inside. It's closed. Never been open and full, but it's still here. My hands itch to pick it up. To slam it against the wall and break it. Instead, I slip it back, close the door and go back to my room. I should take it. I don't know why I don't. It's like I can't make myself go there. I can't grow the hell up and do what needs to be done.

It's full though. That means she's not drinking. It could have been there for weeks. Since before. Maybe she even forgot it was there.

The suit hits the floor as I drop in bed in my boxers. I didn't get my night tonight and so I'm going to try and salvage some of it now. I'm tired of worrying about everyone else. I'm not going to think about that unopened bottle. I have a date with my girl, and I want to enjoy it. Picking up the phone, I dial.

Kira picks up on the first ring. "So what are you wearing?" I tease. She laughs.

Finally, it's just us.

***

It's hard to look at Travis the same way when we see each other at school. The guy inside me without an alcoholic for a Mom knows it shouldn't be this weird. I mean, I hate what happened, but it's not like half the people in my school haven't been drunk before. A lot of them have probably puked before, too. It doesn't make them alcoholics. Travis is just trying to deal, just like Mom.

Still, things are different, even though it makes me a jerk for feeling that way. I need to talk to him about his parents. Help him get his head on straight and see what we saw that night, but right now, I can't. I'm tired. So tired of dealing with people who can't hold their shit together. If I can't lose it, why does everyone else get to?

Especially right now.

"Mom?" It's been a week since the dance. I sneak in her room every day and the bottle it still there. I know it's stupid, but I even made a little mark in the label so I'd know if it was a different one. It's still untouched. I don't know if I should be happy or upset about that. I hate that it's there, but glad that it's still there at the same time.

She looks over at me from her position of scrubbing the kitchen counter, pushing a strand of brown hair out of her face. "Hey, you." She looks down at the counter again, scrubbing.

"How...how are you?" I lean against the counter beside her.

She blows out a deep breath, the hair swaying with the force of air. "I'm okay. I'm sad, but I'm okay. I promise." Mom stops scrubbing before standing beside me. Her head drops to my shoulder. "I miss him so much, kiddo. He..." she hiccups and I know she's crying. My eyes burn, too. "He changed my life. He made me happy. He loved me, so much." She squeezes my arm. "He gave me you. Your dad loved you so much, Carter. I never saw his eyes light up the way I did when he would look at you."

A couple tears leak out of my eyes. "Really?"

"Oh yes." Mom grabs my hand and pulls me to the table. "We were young when we had you, but he was so happy. He wanted you so much,. God, he was so full of love. He worked so hard to give us everything he could." She laughs. "He tried to make up for my dad, you know. He used to tell me he would make sure he'd tell me he loved me at least once every day of our lives, to make sure I knew how special I was. You get that from him. How you love? It's just like your dad."

Pride swells inside me. I've always wanted to be like him.

"You, me, and basketball. We were your dad's life. He used to tell me you'd be better than him one day. You are. I'm sure he gets a kick out of that."

It feels like my skin cracks open and light spills out. "You think? Really think I'm better than he was?"

Half of Mom's mouth rises. "Oh come on, Carter. You know you're the man."

Hearing Mom say 'the man' makes me laugh.

"It's hard to believe it's been so long. It feels like yesterday." Softly, she starts to cry again and I abandon my original idea.

"What do you want to do tonight? Movie and Chinese?"

Mom shakes her head. "No. I know you want to go out with Kira tonight. You deserve to spend the night with your girlfriend and not babysit me. Sara's with Bill and I bought a half gallon of ice cream, stuff to give myself a pedicure. I'm going to spend the night spoiling myself the way he would have." She pats my hand and stands up. Her words sound right, but it feels wrong. I can't leave her. Not on the anniversary of my dad's death.

"Mom..."

"It's not up for debate. I'm okay to be alone. I promise."

There's a war being fought inside me. A one on one game. I know I shouldn't leave her, but I want to. I want to go out with Kira and have the night we should have had last week. I don't want to be the guy who has to worry about his mom if he goes out with his girlfriend. "You're sure?"

"I have the only son in the world that would make me kick him out. Go. Have fun with your girlfriend. Not too much fun, though."

"Lalalala. Don't make me hear that again." I back away laughing. "I'm going. I'm going."

Mom's voice stops me as I start to walk away. "I love you, Carter."

Looking at her, I say, "I love you too, Ma."

The whole time I'm getting ready, I think about what I want to do. I'm going to do it. I'm taking the bottle. If she looks for it, she'll be upset, but I don't care. It's better than the alternative.

When I push open her bedroom door, she's in her room, folding clothes. "Hey. Need something?" she asks. It's not like I can tell her, 'hey, mind leaving for a minute so I can steal your vodka?'.

"No, no. Just wanted to say bye." She'll be okay, I tell myself as I walk away. She'll be okay.

***

I pick Kira up at about five. She climbs into my truck, putting a picnic basket on her lap. She tosses a big duffle bag on the floorboard.

"What's that?" I point to the basket.

"Dinner, of course."

"I figured I'd take you out for dinner." My truck is idling in her driveway.

"And I figured I'd make you dinner. I think we should stay as far away from other people as we can tonight. Like that night in the Jacuzzi? That was perfect. We need to find a place where no one can bother us. Your choice because you know the area better than me."

For the second time, I realize I love this girl. Like, actually love her. "I know a place, but are you sure? It's cold."

"Afraid of a little cold weather?" she mocks, making me laugh.

"Nope. Gives me the opportunity to keep you warm."

It takes us thirty minutes to get there. The road is just as dark as I remember. I almost miss the driveway, but catch it at the last minute. Leaving the truck going, I jump out and unlock the old gate so we can drive in.

"Breaking and entering again?"

Shaking my head, I say, "Nope. I wouldn't have the key if that was the case. This is my grandpa's house. He doesn't live here, but he won't sell it or give it to Mom either. It's just his way of giving her something else to take care of. We're not going inside though." My truck bounces around in potholes as we go down the driveway. It continues past the house, getting bumpier and more off-road than when we first started.

When we get there, I turn around and back up until we're almost to the lake. "Come on." I tell her, getting out of the truck. I walk around, grabbing the bag while she takes the basket. It's November so it's already dark even though it's early evening. The trees make shadows, bouncing off the lake. Above the water is a perfect clearing, showing the stars in a different way than we see them in town.

"Carter, it's beautiful." Kira's standing next to me.

"Mom told me she used to sneak out of the house and meet my dad down here. Are there blankets in the bag?" The night doesn't need to start out on a sad note.

"A girl always comes prepared." Laughing I lower the door on my truck bed, climb up and lay out the three blankets. "Will you do me a favor and grab the flashlights out of my glove box?" I ask her. The moon is really bright tonight, giving us light, but I want to see her as best I can.

The basket clunks into the truck bed, followed by the flashlights and then Kira is climbing up too. We sit in the middle of the blankets as she pulls out some sandwiches, fruit, and sodas.

"Hey, I thought you said you were cooking me dinner!"

"I did. This is my way of cooking."

"You're crazy."

She winks. "I know."

We eat dinner and then I pull out my phone and we challenge each other to a couple games of Angry Birds. The time flies, a few hours passing too quickly.

"It's getting cold." Kira scoots up and pulls one of the blankets over her, before leaning against the window.

"That's my cue." Suddenly, I'm kind of nervous, which might make me insane. I've never been nervous with a girl in my life. I definitely shouldn't be nervous with this girl.

Balling the backpack up, I lay it down, and put my head on it. "Come here. Let me keep you warm."

I hold my arm out and Kira cuddles inside, laying her head in the crook of my arm. I'm pretty sure she belongs there. We're lying under the blanket, her heat against my side. It's perfect.

"Can we talk? I mean, I know we can talk, but I didn't know if you wanted to talk about-"

"You can ask me anything you want," I interrupt her.

"What you said about your grandpa earlier?"

I groan, not wanting to talk about him, but willing to tell her anything regardless. "He's a prick. He was an alcoholic the whole time Mom grew up. Verbally and emotionally abusive to her and my grandma. Mom was...well, I guess you can say she was probably a nerd in high school. She told me she didn't have many friends or anything. She was really shy and kept to herself, but then..."

"She met your dad," she finishes for me.

"I'm sure they always knew each other. They went to the same school, but he played ball. They hung out in different crowds and stuff." The urge to touch her more takes me over and I slide my other hand over her stomach, then hoping and praying it's okay, I let it slip under her shirt a little. Not too far, but enough so I can brush my thumb against her bare stomach.

"Is this okay?"

"You wouldn't have your hand if it wasn't."

Somehow, I believe her.

"Anyway." Brush, brush, brush. Her skin is so soft, so perfect, I can't stop feeling it. "Mom and her family went out to dinner one night and her dad started in on her. They left, but he blew up at her in the parking lot. Dad was there, saw them, yelled at grandpa and then started talking to her at school. They were friends at first, but she said after like six months, he kissed her. They had to sneak around because my grandpa obviously hated him. Graduation night, she didn't go home and never went back.

"His parents let her stay with them, since they were both eighteen and all. My dad's parents are awesome. He probably could have gone to any school he wanted because he was good at ball, but he stayed local. Went to school, they got a tiny apartment. His parents helped them a lot. They loved Mom. They helped her open her store, too. He was still in college when they had me. I think it was the first time she knew what it was like to have a real family. His parents moved to Washington when he died, but we still talk to them all the time."

"It's like a fairytale," Kira whispers.

"Yeah?"

"Definitely. They loved each other a lot, didn't they?" Her voice is soft. She rolls toward me, so my hand drifts to her side.

"Yeah... it was hard on her and Bill. She never loved him the way she did Dad."

"I wonder if my mom has or had that kind of love. It sucks not knowing. I mean, I guess she couldn't have. Why would she have left me if she did, but I still wonder."

Tell her. Tell her. Tell her. That I love her that way. That I would do the same things for her. That I love her the way Dad loved Mom. "You could always go ask her. Have you decided yet?"

"No. I still don't know."

My hand is big, splayed in the dip of her waist. She feels so small, so good.

"You'll figure it out. You'll do the right thing, no matter which way you decide."

She leans closer.

I lean closer.

My hand runs up her back, over her bra strap and back down, just needing skin to skin contact.

"Are you going to kiss me or what, Coach?"

I'm smiling against her lips, but then I can't concentrate enough to smile. Only enough to kiss her. She moans a little in my mouth and it's awesome. Knowing I affect her the same way she affects me. Rolling onto my back, I pull her with me so she's lying on top of me rather than the hardness of the truck. She kisses my neck. I kiss hers. Nips my earlobe. I do the same.

Energy zips through my body. Maybe through my body, into her and back to me again.

"Kira, " I whisper against her mouth.

"Carter," she throws back at me.

"I-" My phone beeps, contrasting the quiet.

"Crap." I fumble for it. A sudden sickness wiping out all Kira's electricity.

The name BILL lights up my screen.

Pushing to sit up, I hit talk. Kira kind of rolls off me at the same time. "What's wrong?" I ask.

"Nothing. Sara was having a bad day and wanted her mom so I brought her home a few hours ago. I just wanted to call and check in, but your mom must have let her phone die because it's going straight to voicemail."

I feel like I died too. Sara is home. Sara is home with Mom on the anniversary of my dad's death. And I know she's been sober and she promised me she would be okay, but somehow, I know she's not. I probably knew when I left, but I went anyway. And my little sister is with her because I went out.

I see that bottle sitting in the box. The very full bottle that she could drink. How drunk would that make her? For all I know, she could even have more. Would she wait until Sara is asleep? Why didn't I take it earlier? At least stay until she finished folding the clothes so I could take her bottle.

"Carter? Are you there?" Bill's voice says. I'm climbing out of the truck. When did I move?

"Yeah, I'm here. I'm sure everything is good. I'm actually on my way home right now."

"Okay, well it's no biggie. I just wanted to check in."

"All right. See you later." I try to sound calm, but as soon as the words leave my mouth, I hit end on the call. "Come on. We gotta go."

Kira doesn't ask questions, just starts grabbing the blankets and helping me stuff them in the truck. A few seconds later, we're both in the cab, the truck is started and I'm peeling away. My hands are shaking as I grip the wheel.

"Do you want me to drive?" Kira asks.

"No."

"Okay, slow down and be careful. It won't help if we don't get there okay."

"Sara's home. Bill brought her home on the day my dad died? What was he thinking? Fuck! What was I thinking? I never should have left her."

Kira mumbles a curse. "She said she was fine, right? I'm sure she's fine, Carter. She hasn't been drinking at all lately. I doubt she would do it with Sara. And if she is...you know it isn't your fault, right?"

Her question isn't worth replying to. Fighting will just slow me down. How could things have changed so fast? I'd been laying there with Kira feeling free and now this. She's drinking with Sara and I know it, which means I'd known she would drink all along. Knew it, but I still left. Talk about selfish.

The second we pull into the driveway, I run to the door. As soon as I have it unlocked, I toss my keys to Kira who ran up behind me. I don't want her to see this. Can't handle the thought of her hearing Mom slur my name, or need me to carry her up the stairs.

"Take my truck home. I'll call you tomorrow and you can bring it back."

"Carter."

I turn to her. "Please, Kira. Just go. I can take care of it."

Racing into the house, I slide to a stop at what I see. Mom lying across the couch. Black and purple bruises on one of her arms, like she fell or ran into something really hard. She's always bruised easy and quick, but this is bad. The coffee table is wiped free, her stupid knickknacks and candles scattered on the floor.

And I can't move. My whole body is frozen, staring at Mom. A very drunk, passed out, Mom.

Chapter Seventeen

"Oh my God," Kira says from beside me. "Tell me she had that bruise before you left, Carter."

I don't have it in me to say no. I don't have it to tell her to go home either. There's nothing, nothing inside me right now. "Sara..."

Kira touches my arm and then runs for the stairs. I know I should do something. Be the one upstairs checking on Sara. Go over and try to help Mom, but I can't move. Am I broken? I feel it. Nothing on me will move.

Rolling over, Mom groans, reaching her hand over to the table. It flops around, reaching for something that isn't there. The bottle that fell to the floor.

And all of a sudden, I hate her. Hate everything about her. Hate that she can't get better. That she'd chosen this bottle over us. That she loved my dad so much she can't get over it. There have been times I've been mad at her, times where I hated what she does, or maybe thought I could one day hate her, but this is different. I really do hate her and I hate myself for it.

"She's okay. She's asleep in her room. I made sure the door was closed." Each of Kira's hands, touch each of my shoulders as she leans against me. Still, I don't move. Can't. "I'm sorry, Carter. So sorry."

But I can't talk either. I really do think I'm broken. That she broke me.

"What should we do?"

Her words push me into action. Loosen the ties, holding me in spot, but still not freeing me. "I'll take care of it. I'll put her to bed and tomorrow it'll be like nothing happened." I step out of her grasp. "You can go. I don't..." What? I don't want her to see? It's not like she hasn't seen enough. It's not like she doesn't know. I shake my head. "You shouldn't have to help."

"Carter." She's in front of me now. "I know I don't have to, I want to. You don't have to do this on your own. Not anymore."

Does it make me weak that I sag in relief? Because I do. I don't want to do it alone. I don't want to do it at all, but knowing someone will take some of the weight? Well, it doesn't make it better, but easier to handle. Reaching out, I let my finger travel down the side of her face. She steps closer and our foreheads come together, like they always do.

"I hate her."

"You don't."

"I'm scared that I do." I breathe her air for another breath and then pull away, making my way to Mom. "Ma, come on. It's time to go to bed." Bending I try to pull her up, but it's as though my words have awoken something in her. Her eyes pop open and she pushes my hand away.

"I'm fine."

My stomach lurches. I have to swallow the urge to vomit. "You're so not f**king fine, now come on." When I try to grab her, she slaps my hands away, pushing me and fighting me in a way she never has before.

"Leave me alone. I can take care of myself." Her anger has taken away her typical slurred speech. My anger has taken away any need to be soft with her.

"Prove it! If you can take care of yourself, I wouldn't be cleaning you up, again." My grip on her is harder than I've ever touched her, than I've ever touched another girl before and it's right on her bruise. Mom cries out, her scream piercing me.

"Shit. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." And then Kira's there. Standing between us. Her eyes full of tears. Her face wet with them too.

"We need to call someone. Let me call Bill."

Fear spikes inside me. "He'll take Sara away from us. I can't." But I know that's not true either. There's no way I can't do something this time. "Just let me take care of it. I can do it."

Slipping around Kira I bend down, eye to eye with her. Funny, there are tears in Mom's eyes too. Everyone is crying but me. "Mom, please. Let me help you. We'll get you to bed and then everything will be okay."

Her eyes meet mine, sad. And I can't hate her. Not Mom. Because I can see that she loves me, how much she hates herself for what she's doing. But it still doesn't make it okay. This isn't the way to deal. Shouldn't be. Not for her, Travis, or anyone else. "Carter..."

Without letting her finish, I lift her. She's dead weight in my arms. I feel the shoulder of my shirt getting wet with her tears. She's sobbing by now, and it hurts so much to see her like this.

When we get to the top of the stairs, Kira stays out of her room, but it feels good to have her at my back. Knowing she's there, lingering in the doorway if I need her. If Sara needs her.

I almost drop Mom when I try to put her on her feet. She stumbles, trying to catch herself on me. Her nails dig into the skin of my arm.

"It's not fair! Why did they take him away from me?" she screams, swinging again. "Why does my dad hate me? Why can't I have Tommy? I'm tired. So tired. And you'll leave me soon too, Carter. How can I do it without you?"

"I don't know. I don't know. I don't know." I can't stop saying the words over and over as I fight for her arms. As I wrap my arms around her from behind so she can't swing and hit anymore. You'll leave me soon too, Carter. How can I leave her like this?

Mom's whole body collapses. Cries echoing in her room.

"Do you need help?" Kira's voice whispers from behind me.

"No, just stay. And close the door so she doesn't wake up Sara."

That's when she starts to heave. I jerk her around before she vomits on her bed. There's a trail of it behind us as I help her to the bathroom. How many people have to hold their mom's hair back while they puke? I should be doing this for my girlfriend while we're at a party or even helping my best friend at a dance, but not this. Not her.

She cries and pukes. Cries and pukes and I sit there with her. Kira's behind me, alternating between rubbing my back and walking out to check on Sara.

"Are you sure we shouldn't call someone?" she asks later. We're in the bathroom, on the floor. She hasn't thrown up for about twenty minutes now. Mom's sleeping, her head resting on the toilet seat.

"No. I think she's okay. If she does it again, we will." Wrong or right? I don't know. I've never known which side of the line I stand on. I want to be on the right one, but I just don't know anymore.

For another fifteen minutes, we sit in silence. "I...I think she's okay now. She'll sleep it off." I stand up to lift Mom again, but Kira stops me.

"Hold on." Plucking a washcloth from the wrack, she wets it and then wipes Mom's face and hands.

"Thanks." My eyes won't meet hers. My girl just had to wash puke from my mom's face. It breaks another piece of me inside.

Mom's easy to lift this time. I feel her breath against my cheek as I lower her to the bed. On the way out, I grab the monitor. Even though Sara's too old for one, Mom still keeps a monitor so she can hear everything that happens in her room.

The second Kira closes Mom's door, I fall against the wall. And cry. Kira's seen my mom try to beat me up, cleaned up her vomit, and now I'm crying, crying in front of her.

"It's okay. It's okay," she repeats, hugging and kissing me. But it's a lie. A liar like me should know a lie when I hear one right? Because I know it's not okay. I know what I'm going to have to do and I hate it.

Fighting the tears, needing something else to ground me, I kiss Kira. She lets me, even kisses me back. Turning, I pin her to the wall, kissing her deeply. More, more, more. All I can think is I need more. Need her. Need to forget.

I kiss down her neck. Her collarbone. All the while, she lets me. My hand slides under her shirt, up her belly and traces the edge of her bra, only stopping when her hand grabs my wrist. Immediately, I pull back.

"I'm sorry. God, I'm so sorry. I don't know what got into me. I just want to forget, but I don't want to use you. Not for that."

"I know. Carter, that's bad. What I just saw is really bad..."

I shake my head. "Not now. I know, but I can't. Not right now."

Her mouth is turned down, her eyes bright red as she looks at me, making me want to hide. Hide my weaknesses.

"I need to check on Sara again."

She nods and steps away. Quietly, I sneak into my sister's room. She's out cold, Barney wrapped in her arms. The picture Kira drew pinned above her bed. For her, I know I have to do what's right. "I won't let anything happen to you, Twig." And then I sneak out of her room, closing the door behind me.

"You wanna take my truck? I can't leave, obviously." I don't even know why I just said that.

With a shake of her head, Kira pulls her arms out from behind her back. She's holding my basketball that she must have grabbed from my room. "Play me."

Her words are patches, trying to cover up some of the scrapes and bruises inside me. I need to forget and she's found a way to give that to me. "Okay." She tosses me the ball and we head downstairs. It's late, but I don't care. We leave the front door open, and I plug Sara's monitor into the outlet on the porch, making sure the volume is all the way up.

"I'm wearing the right shoes this time, Coach." More patches. More band-aides.

This is what I need to forget. With each smack of the ball hitting the pavement, each time I spin around Kira, make a shot, or steal the ball from her, I'm free. Any other time I would go easy on her, but I can't and I know she doesn't expect it tonight. She's here to free me. To let me float away from my life for a little while. Each time the ball soars through the air, it's really me.

Did Dad use basketball the way I do? Was it his escape from life, if he needed it? Was it always there when nothing else went right? As I jump, shoot and fade backward, as the ball goes forward, I wonder about Travis. He'd be there for me too. Be what basketball is to me, if I ever would have trusted him. Just like I would have been to him if he'd done the same. The way Kira's here, because I let her in, panting and chasing me around my basketball court because she knows it's what I need.

I catch the ball and shoot again, but this time it bounces off the rim and goes into the bushes. When she tries to go after it, I stop her, taking her gently by the wrist and pulling her to me. "You're the girl who took the time to see what I tried to hide from everyone else. The girl who broke into a Jacuzzi with me, to steal my secrets and give me yours. You're the one who looks gorgeous with purple hair, orange hair, or black hair. You're just as comfortable in combat boots as heels or my Nikes."

I step closer to her. "You're the one who helped me with my homework. You're the straight A student who loves to dance on tables. You love Lana like a mother. You love my little sister like she's yours and never make her feel weird or different. You're the one who doesn't think twice to wipe vomit off my mom's mouth, or try anything new. You're the one who wore a jersey with my name on it and made me win the game. When no one else did, you saw me and you drew me. That's who you are. It doesn't matter about your mom. Meet her or not, who she is has nothing to do with who you are. There's no one else like you. I-"

Kira's finger on my mouth stops me, just like she did the first night we kissed. "Shh. Don't say it in the heat of the moment. Not tonight when your emotions are wild. You might regret it. I'll think you only said it because you're so raw from everything else. Just...don't."

Nodding, I smile. "I wouldn't regret it. Never. But I can wait, too."

"Mommy! Help!" Sara's voice breaks the night.

"Nightmares," I say to Kira before I run inside and up the stairs. I push into Sara's bedroom and am by her bed. "Shhh, Twig. I'm here."

"Closet. Look, Carter."

I walk over to the closet and look inside, pushing the clothes out of the way. "See? Nothing here."

She looks over the side of the bed. "Down there. Look, Carter."

Bending down, I look under the bed too. "It's just us. No one's here. I promise." Promise I'll take care of her too.

"Where's Mommy? I want Mommy." Sara starts to cry. Anger threatens me again, but I fight it down.

"She's sick, Twig. Mommy doesn't feel good. Can I hang out with you?"

I hand her, her glasses and she puts them on, then shouts, "Kira! Kira!" Sara starts bouncing up and down on the bed.

"Hey, kid. Oh, look you hung my picture up. It looks pretty up there." Kira shrugs at me, unsure of what to do.

"You're pretty. Oh, can we have a sleepover? Please." The rest of her words are excited mumbles.

"Umm, I don't know if she can, Twig. I think her mom wants her home." But I don't want her to leave. It's like water on the patches, making them peel up on the corners.

"Carter..." I walk over to her. "I can stay. Lana's not home. I don't want to leave you."

I exhale. "I don't want you to go either. I'll be right back." I run into my room, grab a couple pillows and blankets, and then make a pallet on the floor next to Sara's bed. She's mumbling and laughing the whole time, her nightmare forgotten.

Kira kicks off her shoes, and I turn off the light. Sara's nightlight makes it so we can still see each other. With a shy smile, she bends to climb into our pallet.

"Me. Me. Kira sleep with me!"

"Sara..."

"It's okay," Kira says. "I don't mind." And then climbs in my sister's bed. I'm a little jealous, but lay on the floor, trying to push it aside. The room is silent for a few minutes, giving me time to replay the night. Mom bruised. Did she fall? Hit herself somehow. And me. Mom actually tried to hit me.

I jump a little when I feel something in my hair, but relax when I realize it's Kira's hand from above me. "She's out already." Kira keeps her voice low so she doesn't wake Sara.

"What if I wasn't here?" The question just hits me. "Sara has a lot of nightmares and she knows. What if I wasn't here for her? What if she couldn't wake her up and she was scared and I didn't protect her?"

"You were here, Carter. That's what matters. You were here for her. You took care of her. Of them both.

This time. I was here this time.

Her hand is still playing with my hair, but I grab it instead. Like always, our hands fit so well together. It's uncomfortable with her being higher than me. Probably for her too, but I'll hold on as long as she does.

"I'm tired of lying. I'm tired of not knowing if I'm doing the right thing. Of pretending. I'm...tired of doing it on my own."

For the next few minutes, the only sound is our breaths: mine, Kira's and Sara's, until finally she speaks. "You know what you have to do."

"I do."

"And I do, too. I need to see her. I mean, I know you're right. I am who I am, but I think I need to see her. Just so I can make peace with it. So I can be...free of my past. Does that sound stupid?"

Free. "No. It sounds perfect."

I squeeze her hand, holding it until we fall asleep. Even then, we don't let go.

***

I'm up with the sun. Neither Kira nor Sara wake up as I fill a bag with some of Sara's clothes. They're still out when I leave for my room to pack my stuff too. My heart is hammering. My hands are sweating. I don't know if I'm abandoning her. If I'm betraying her. But I know I can't handle it on my own anymore. I need help. Sara deserves better.

I put our stuff in my truck. Check on Mom one last time, plug her phone into the charger and put my note underneath it. "I love you, Mom," I tell her. She doesn't stir, but I hope she hears. Hope she'll believe it.

Sneaking back into Sara's room, I wake Kira first. "I need to get out of here before Mom wakes up." Otherwise, I don't know if I can do it.

Nodding, Kira climbs out of Sara's bed, squeezes my shoulder, and waits as I wake up my little sister. "Twig. It's time to get up, kid."

She moans, rolls over and peeks up at me. I hand her the glasses from the table. "We're playing a game. Want to pretend we're going on a trip? We can pretend it's like that one time we went to see Grandma and Grandpa Shaw. Remember how we got up really early in the morning and had McDonalds for breakfast?"

Excitedly, her head nods up and down.

"We can do that again and after breakfast, we'll go to your daddy's house. I haven't had a sleepover there in a long time. Sound cool?" When she nods again, I playfully tug her hair.

"Grab Barney, okay? You can even go in your pajamas." My body aches. I feel like I've been playing basketball for twenty-four hours straight, but I push through it.

When Sara stands up, I grab Kira's drawing off the wall. Kira grabs my hand as soon as I step into the hallway. With one last look at Mom's closed bedroom door, we're gone.

Chapter Eighteen

Two days later, I meet Travis at the basketball court. When I didn't come to school, he texted and I told him to meet me here.

"Okay. You missed school. Kira missed school. Is there something going on I need to know about, ya lucky bastard?" He tosses the ball at me, but doesn't come too close. Probably because we haven't really talked much since the night of the dance.

I dribble the ball between my legs, jump and shoot. Travis tosses it back and I start to dribble again. When I pass it back to him, he takes over where I left off, dribbling and shooting. Right about now, this whole talking thing is feeling overrated. It's a lot easier when, in between confessions, I get to kiss the person I'm confessing to.

Without a word to Travis, I walk over and fall down to sit on the curb. My arms rest on my legs, as I play with a pebble I picked up. But this is it. I'm done being weak. Done lying. Done always trying to do the right thing and never knowing if I am, so when Travis sits next to me, I say, "My mom's an alcoholic."

Travis mumbles "shit" while bouncing the ball from one hand to another. "Dude, I know."

The rock falls out of my fingers, rolling on the ground. "You know?" How could he know?

Travis shrugs. "I've been your best friend for like ten years. I come over to your house all the time. I've seen things. Smelled things." He shrugs again. "I've just known."

So obviously I'm not as good a liar as I thought. I don't know if that makes me happy or not. "Why didn't you say anything?"

"Um, why didn't you?" He puts the ball on his lap and leans on it. "I just figured you didn't want to talk about it. If you did, you'd bring it up to me, ya know?"

He's right. I wouldn't have wanted to talk about it. I still don't, but now I kind of have to.

"That's why..." Travis groans. "That's why I feel like shit about the dance. You shouldn't have had to deal with that. I'm just...all screwed up about my parents, but I'm dealing. It'll be okay."

Picking up the pebble again, I say, "I'm here. If you want to talk. I can't do the drinking thing though. I'm done with that."

"Me, too. And thanks. So, what happened? If you want to talk about it."

"Ball," I say and he hands it over. It feels good just to hold the leather in my hand. "A lot. I don't really want to go into it all, but it ended with Kira and I sneaking Sara out of the house at six in the morning and we've been at Bill's ever since. I haven't talked to Mom. She told Bill she needed a couple days." Saying it makes me feel like I'm cracking apart. That Mom is digging everything out of me that matters, because she needs a couple days, away from me. After everything, she can't even talk to me. Does she hate me? There's a piece of me who still hates myself.

"Damn... Kira?"

"L.A. Just left today. She wanted to wait, but she needed to go."

"That sucks. I'm sorry, about everything."

I hand him back the ball. "Me, too. For your parents and everything else." Pushing off the curb, I stand up, and then hold out my fist. Travis bumps it with his. "Come on. Game on Friday and you need all the practice you can get."

He laughs. "Not me. I'm a kickass center. Beating down anyone who comes into my zone." But he's standing and following me anyway.

***

Bill straightens his glasses, making me know he has something big to say. I lean against his kitchen table, waiting for him to tell me what else is going wrong. "What is it? Just tell me." Don't let her hate me. Let me have done the right thing.

"Your mom wants to know if she can talk to you. I'm going to take Sara out for a bit, and then bring her back so Delilah can talk to her, too."

Mom wants to know if she can talk to me? What a screwed up situation. She shouldn't have to ask, but I'm glad she did. "Yeah. I... Do you know what's going to happen?"

Bill takes a couple steps toward me. "I do, but I think it's better that you wait for her to tell you, but I want you to know, no matter what, we'll make it work out. You're welcome in my home as long as you need to be here and," he holds out his hand, "you're a good man, Carter. I'm proud of you. I know I'm not your father, but I do love you. I'd be honored to have a son like you."

My eyes sting again, but I try to concentrate on shaking Bill's hand instead. I'm so done with the tears. "Thanks. For taking us in and everything else."

"It's not a problem, son. You're a part of my family, too." He looks toward his hallway. "I'm going to grab Sara and we'll head out. Your mom's waiting outside and when we leave, she'll be in."

My voice begs me to shout at him. To tell him no, that I changed my mind and I'm not ready to talk to her yet, but I swallow it down. I have to do this.

Sara and Bill leave a few minutes later. My leg is bouncing like crazy as I sit at the kitchen table waiting for Mom. When I hear the front door creak, I freeze. I don't know if I can do this. I keep seeing her hands come at me when she tried to fight me. The tears and the screams overloading my brain.

And then she's there and I don't have a choice. Even though I'm looking at her, I don't say anything and she doesn't say anything, but I notice she looks older somehow. Tired. She's wearing a long sleeve shirt and I can't help but wonder how the bruise looks.

Mom lets out a breath and I can hear how shaky it is, and then she comes over and sits down at the table with me. "I'm going into inpatient care for a bit."

The ache in my chest balloons so much I think it could make me burst. Inpatient. Committed? Still, I can't make myself speak.

"I have...I have a lot of issues to work through, Carter, and they can help me the most."

"What happens there?" I mumble.

"Detox, first. I'll be in therapy, too. I should have done this a long time ago, because of your grandpa and then loosing Tommy. I need to learn how to deal with it all. If I had, things wouldn't have gotten to where they are now. I haven't been dealing and above anyone else, you've suffered for it. I'll never forgive myself-" She chokes out the words. I want to tell her it's okay, but I know now it's not. I used to think the only thing that mattered is that she didn't mean it, that she had to deal with a lot and that she deserved a way to unwind. It's not true. It's not okay. None of it.

"What about the store? Sara and I?"

"Your dad's parents are coming to help. They'll be here in a couple of days."

My eyes stretch wide. "You called them?"

Mom gives me a sad smile. "I can't hide anymore. I can't deny it. And they love us. They want to help. They're going to stay at the house. You can stay there with them or-"

"No." No way. "Sara's going to be freaked out enough. I want to stay here with her."

For the first time today, she starts crying. I'm not sure what I said to make her upset.

"I knew you'd say that. I wish Tommy could see you now. You're better than the both of us put together."

Those are the words that break me. Anger? Pain? A combination? I don't know. My vision blurs. My chest feels like it's crushed it. I can't hold any of it back any more. Because if I was so good, if she knows that so much, why are we here? Why are we dealing with this? "You hit me. All I wanted to do was carry you up the stairs and you. Hit. Me. You were bruised and passed out with my little sister upstairs! You told me I'd leave you, for what? Going away to school?"

I shove myself to my feet so hard, the chair falls over. I don't pick it up and she doesn't defend herself so I keep going. Letting out years of pent-up pain. "Do you know what it feels like to see your mom drunk and passed out? To carry her up the stairs? To know where she hides bottles? Did you know I hear it in your voice? Smell it in the house? I'm seventeen years-old and I'm a f**king expert on alcoholics!"

I can hardly see because of tears and anger. My muscles contract, begging me to do something to help them release. "I call you just to hear your voice and know if you've been drinking. I pay attention when you wake up, how you wake up, so I know. I watch the stupid light under your door so I know how late you stay up. Do you get that? Do you know how that feels? I watched my girlfriend wipe vomit off my mom's face."

"Carter-"

"No! I'm not done. I've lied to my friends, to Bill, to myself. I was scared for Sara, but more scared for you! I kept your secrets. I hated you. I hated myself and you didn't care! You kept drinking. You told me you'd quit, but you didn't. You chose boozing it up over me! You cared more about your fix than what it did to us."

She's crying and I'm crying, but there's so much anger too. I'm hot, sweating. My hands itch for a basketball. Or to hit a wall. Anything to distract me from her. "Sara was there Mom. Sara." My voice is hardly over a whisper now. "What if I couldn't protect her?"

"Oh, Carter."

I lean against the wall, and slide down. Mom walks over, kneeling in front of me, but still not touching me. "It's not your job to protect her. It's mine. I am the one who's failed you. Failed her. Not you. Not ever. You handled this better than anyone else could, and I swear to you. I know you have no reason to believe me, but I promise you, I will get better for you and Sara. I will spend the rest of my life trying to make this up to you."

"I can't." I shake my head. "I can't do it anymore. I can't handle it anymore. I won't. This is it. You have to do it. And I don't know... I still don't know..." Does it make me a jerk that I don't know if I can forgive her? That I want to, but I'm scared, too?

"I will. I will. I love you, Carter. So much and I don't expect you to forgive me. Not now, maybe not ever, but I do love you. And I hope... I hope I didn't ruin your love for me."

She didn't. Couldn't. "That's why it hurts so much..."

"Oh, baby." She's crying harder now. "I'm so very sorry for what I've done to you." She reaches for my hand, and then stops. "Can I?"

It surprises me, but I actually want it. I nod my head and she pulls me to her. Hugs me the way she did when I was a kid and got hurt on the court. Hugs me like I'm Sara when she has a nightmare.

"I love you. I'm so sorry. I love you."

I don't say it back and I don't think she expects me to. I just let her hug me. The tighter she holds, the more she's letting me go. She's finally setting me free.

Epilogue

June

Mom pulls me into a crushing hug the second Kira, Travis, and I walk into the house. It's just as tight as the one she gave me when we left the school, less than thirty minutes ago. Balloons and streamers hang all over the place behind her. I have no doubt they're all over the rest of the house, too. There's a huge cake in the middle of the kitchen table. She definitely went overboard.

"Mom, seriously. I won't even make it to college if I die from crushed lungs first."

Smiling, she lets me go. "I can't help it. I'm just so happy. My baby graduated high school."

"Awww, I'm proud of my baby, too." Travis ruffles my hair like I'm five.

"Get off." I try to push him, but Mom's already pulling him into a hug.

"I'm proud of you too, Travis. Your mom's in the other room if you want to see her." When she lets Travis go, it's Kira's turn. She wraps her arms around my girl and gives her a kiss on the cheek. Mom's words change when she talks to Kira. "Thank you for everything. I can never repay you for everything you've been to us."

"You're welcome." Kira smiles at her, something passing between them that I don't understand. They've become really close the past seven months.

"Okay, enough of that." Mom pulls away, before touching Kira's hair. "I like the blue. I think it might be my favorite." She's wearing a blue camo skirt too. Girls in camo? Hot. Her shirt is a white tank top that she actually drew pictures on. Doesn't sound sexy, but it is.

"Figured it might be cool to match the school colors for graduation," Kira replies. Feeling a little left out of the conversation, I pull her against me, wrapping my arms around her from behind.

"Don't lie. It's really because blue is my favorite color."

Kira laughs as Mom rolls her eyes. "Just like your father." The sadness that used to tint her words when she speaks of Dad isn't there.

"That's because we were both cool."

With another head shake, Mom heads toward the family room. Kira grabs my hand before pulling me along behind them. The room is packed with people: friends from school, parents, Dad's parents came down from Washington, too. Besides the two months they stayed here while Mom was in rehab, they've been down a couple other times in the past five months too.

"Carter! Kira! Carter! Kira!" Sara runs up to us, almost tripping in excitement, but I catch her before she falls.

"Hey, Twig. Did you see me on stage? How'd my hair look?" I pretend to smooth it and Sara cracks up laughing. It's going to be hard, leaving her for college in a couple months, but I know she's in good hands. Mom's dealing well with sobriety and Sara is still living with Bill. It was a little confusing for her at first, but Sara looks at everything like an adventure. She sees the good in it all, because she doesn't know there's another option. I wish everyone in the world could be a little more like my sister. I'm glad she has that.

"Not pretty like Kira." She unwraps herself from me and hugs Kira.

"Thanks, kiddo. Since it's summer, we'll have to do yours sometime."

Sara's eyes get so big, her smile wide that I can't help but laugh. Then she falls into her rambling excitement, the words in too much of a hurry to come out right. Still mumbling, she runs off, I'm assuming, to tell Bill or Mom.

Ready to sneak Kira away for some privacy, I groan when someone taps my shoulder.

"Congrats, Carter." Margie gives me a hug. She teaches the class I go to once a week. Who'd have thought? Carter Shaw in a class for teens with alcoholic parents. No one, I'm sure, but I am.

"Thanks. Glad you could come, too."

Next we're interrupted by my grandparents. Mom's dad wasn't invited. They stopped talking when she got out of rehab. At first she tried to make it work, but finally she realized he'd never stop hurting her. She made the choice to walk away because it was best for her. She still pays for his nursing care, but that's all. Personally, I think we should have thrown a party for that.

Bill comes up to us next, then Mom's sponsor. Even after seven months clean, five months out of rehab, she's still doing her meetings, twice a week. She's gotten pretty close with her sponsor too.

Mrs. Z is next. "Mr. Shaw," she smiles.

"Mrs. Z," I throw back at her and she laughs.

"Still the same kid. Don't change. And know I'm proud of you. For everything." I started letting her tutor me a little bit. And it actually helped. Helped me organize my thoughts and make sense of what Shakespeare's crazy ass wrote about.

"Thanks. Probably won't be majoring in English or anything, but thanks."

Shaking her head, she walks away.

"Hey, Mom." Lana comes up behind us and she and Kira hug. She's called Lana "Mom" ever since they got back from LA.

"Hey, you. Wow. I can't believe you graduated." She wipes her eyes and they hug again. "I'm sorry we couldn't find Caroline again. I'm sure you wanted her here."

Caroline is Kira's biological mom. They talked for a little while, but she falls off the map a lot. It's hard for her to stay off the streets, which sucks. My girl's strong though. She knows she doesn't need her. She knows who she is without her. Having Lana helps.

"I have everyone here that I need." Kira squeezes my hand, and then grabs Lana's. Right then, Mom walks up to us again.

"Can you believe they're leaving us, Delilah? Fashion design school. Los Angeles better watch out for you." Lana's eyes don't leave Kira.

Me, I'm watching Mom. Waiting for her answer. Seven months ago, I never could have left her. I would have felt too guilty, but now...now I know she'll be okay and if not, there's nothing I can do to change it.

"Los Angeles better watch out for both of them. USC is inheriting one hell of a point guard." Mom's eyes are a little watery as she speaks, but I'm pretty sure they're happy tears.

Then she's pulling me into another hug, her mouth right next to my ear. "I love you, Carter. Every time I don't think I can get prouder of you, you do something else remarkable."

"Thanks, Mom. I'm proud of you, too." I don't say anything else, but I don't need to. We all know why I'm proud. We know how far she's come, but also that the road hasn't ended. She'll be a recovering alcoholic for her whole life, just like I'll be the son of one forever, too.

"Okay, I'm stealing my girl now," I tease them. Kind of tease. Okay, maybe not, because I really want to get her alone. "Let's go."

Lana and Mom laugh as we walk away. As we do, we see Travis talking to his mom in the corner of the room. "Has he decided where he's going yet? What he's going to do?" Kira asks. I shake my head. We'd always wanted to play college ball together, but for some reason, even though USC wants him, Travis hasn't finalized anything yet.

"Sucks," Kira says when we get outside.

"Yeah." But in a way, I think it's okay too. He's eighteen. We're all still trying to find out who we are. I don't think we can always have the answers. Or maybe some of us do and some of us don't. That's life. I have no doubt he'll find his way and be okay. He knows I'm here for him and always will be.

"Did you drag me outside to play basketball with you?" Kira crosses her arms as we step onto the small court in my driveway.

"That depends. Do we get to play strip basketball? We'll have to go up to my room for that, but-ouch." She swats me.

"I don't think you could handle that, Coach." Then she smiles and winks, "Maybe later."

I like the sound of that.

Instead of replying, I pull her toward me, wrap my arms around her, and kiss her. We stumble backward a little until I'm leaning against the garage door. I love kissing this girl.

A minute later, she pulls away and sighs.

Sensing something, I prod her with, "Truth or dare?"

"You first," she replies. "Are you scared to leave her?"

I think about everything we went through. That night, all the nights leading up to it, and all the good nights since. "A little." It's something I'd only admit to Kira.

"Truth..." she whispers in reply. "No matter what happens with your mom today, or tomorrow, or next week or next year, you can't save everyone, okay? You shouldn't have to, but-"

"I know." And I do. I really know that now.

"But," she stresses, I'm assuming since I cut her off. "You did save me. I know who I am. I also know it's okay to have blue hair or whatever else I do because it is me. Now I know," she shrugs, "that I do it because I like it, not because I'm trying to figure out who I am. It is who I am. And even though things didn't work out with Caroline, I'm okay. I don't need her."

Our foreheads come together. It's our way of being close. Of sharing something with each other and no one else. "I love who you are."

"Awww, I love it when you're romantic when no one else is around," she teases, but right now, I'm serious.

"I love you." My words earn me one of her huge smiles. She does it every time I tell her. Even though the first time I finally said it, we were on the phone because she was still in LA, I know she smiled then, too.

"I love you, too."

I try to hide it, but yeah, I smile when she says it.

"So...after the party tonight, I was thinking a little breaking and entering for old time's sake?" We haven't been back to that Jacuzzi since our first night together. I'm looking forward to taking her again.

"You've got yourself a date, Coach." Leaning forward, it's her who kisses me.

