My mind was racing, my heart feeling heavy yet light all at the same time. To say that I was stunned and confused was an understatement. I felt as though my scattered thoughts were trapped behind a thick wall, unable to penetrate the barrier, muffled and strained, leaving me feeling breathless and weak.

I was a complete and absolute wreck.

I'd just returned home from a BDSM club, having been taken there by my dominant partner, Jake, as his newly trained submissive. While I knew what was planned, nothing had really prepared me for what happened. It had been determined that I'd be shared with the club's owner, Chase, in a rope play session that sent me into some altered state, I found myself caught up in a powerful wave of pleasure, that was only matched by the crescendo of pain that immediately followed.

All that remained now were a series of splintered thoughts, broken memories coming together all at once in an attempt to make sense of every emotion that ran through my heated body.

That, and an angry pattern of red marks spread across my torso, arms and legs; the evidence of Chase's incredible expertise with ropes.

I was certainly a changed woman, barely recognizing my former self, a plus size woman ashamed by her curves yet wanting desperately to be claimed...and I was. They had both made sure of that.

It was shocking to think that I'd allowed myself to be tied down, arms to the side, legs spread open and my most private parts exposed, by someone I'd just met, and more amazing, that I'd enjoyed every minute of the experience. The session had ended in one of the most explosive sexual encounters of my life, my body and mind being thoroughly claimed by the aggressive Chase, while Jake watched. The parts that were still vivid in my mind, the scenes that played over and over, were of Chase's meticulous attention to the knots he tied to restrain me, the almost trance-like state he fell into while he tied beautiful and complex knots in the white rope. His soft voice as he asked me periodically how I felt, the care with which he restrained me.

The last clear image of him, the one I held in my mind's eye, the one that still caused a resounding thump deep inside of me, was Chase standing between my legs, nak*d, his muscular body tensed, his c*ck rising up from the thatch of lightly dusted hair between his thighs. And the look of untamed lust in his eyes.

The final coherent thought I had before he claimed me was that he was going to break me like a wild stallion and that I would love every minute of it.

I've only been a submissive for a short time, and I know that I have a lot to learn but I am willing to go the distance, and to do all that my Masters requests of me. With Jake, our few sessions, for the most part, had been highly controlled. I struggled at first with being a sub; disobeying twice, disciplined once by Jake, much to my shame.

But with Chase, I'd had no desire to disobey. I wanted to give myself completely, submit totally to him. I don't know if it's Jake's inexperience or his own tight control on himself that made being with Chase so different, almost easy.

I was still thinking about it all when Jake called late Sunday night, as he'd promised during the car ride back to my apartment after our session at the club. Jake had told me this morning, after I'd spent the night with him, that the session with Chase had made him realize that he loved me, and that he'd crossed a line both of us had agreed on: our relationship, no matter how intimate, existed for only one reason - to explore the boundaries of our own limitations and to face our own darkest desires together. Neither of us had wanted this to go any further than the context of a dominant, submissive relationship. Jake's declaration had shifted that balance in our relationship and I still wondered just how much it would affect our sessions, or how I really felt about his truth. I still wanted Jake as my dominant; we'd come a long way together, and I wanted to explore that dominant, submissive relationship further, with him.

But, at what cost?

Jake had told me that business required that he attend a series of meetings throughout different cities and that he'd be away for a few weeks.

"I'll miss you, Abby. Not just our sessions, but spending time with you during the week."

I'd told him I'd miss him as well, and I meant it. Jake had become an important part of my life in the few short weeks I'd known him. He'd changed me and I treasured that, and him, for making it happen.

But after I'd hung up, I wandered around my apartment, a restlessness running up and down my spine. Jake was going to be out of town. Before we'd visited the club, before Chase had entered the picture, I had been anxious at the prospect of a week without Jake. But not anymore...

Then it hit me: I wanted to see Chase. And I wanted to see him alone. I shouldn't be surprised, but did I really want to admit that to myself? There was something magnetic about Chase; he was an undeniably primal and aggressive man. And I wanted to experience that again, explore where he could take me, as a submissive, and as a woman.

Chase had left a message on my phone after the session, ostensibly telling me I'd left a necklace behind, but also telling me he wanted to see me again.

I hit replay, my breath catching in my throat at the sound of his voice. I jotted down the number and then impulsively dialed. It was answered almost instantly, Chase's smooth voice rumbling in my ear.

"Hi, Chase, this is Abby." I stopped short of saying 'we met last night'. I was pretty sure Chase would remember me.

"Hey Abby! I'm glad you called. How are you?"

His voice was just as I remembered it, deep and sexy, open and sincere. It settled over me, soothing some of the tension that consumed my body. It also brought back a rush of heat at the thought of his hands squeezing my br**sts, the soft bite of the ropes that he'd tied around my body, the feeling of his thick c*ck buried deep inside of me. I quickly gripped the edge of the kitchen counter, a brief wave of vertigo washing over me.

"Abby? You there?"

"Um, yeah...I...the phone cut out for a minute." I took a deep breath. "I appreciate you calling to let me know that my collar was at the club. I'd like to come by and pick it up if that's okay?"

"Absolutely. It's a really nice piece, that's for sure. I'm assuming it's from Jake?"

I closed my eyes; the sound of Jake's name drove a tiny sliver of guilt through my heart. I shook my head; this wasn't fair. We didn't have that sort of relationship.

So, why did I feel so damn guilty?

"Yes, it's from Jake. I guess it wasn't such a good idea to wear it to your club."

"It's actually my fault. I apologize for not remembering to give it back. I slipped it in the pocket of my jeans during our scene together."

There was a pause. Chase spoke again and his voice washed over me, that hypnotic, low growl that carried so much power, such delicious control.

"You enjoyed yourself, didn't you? You surprised yourself as well." It wasn't a question, but a statement of fact.

I closed my eyes, images of last night washing over me. "Yes, I...had... it was intense, Chase. Really intense." I barely recognized my own voice; it had a broken desperation in it that I'd never heard before.

There was quiet breathing on the other end of the phone. "I'm glad. It was quite...enjoyable for me as well." The image of Chase between my bound legs, his c*ck thrust into me, the rapt look on his face before I gave in to the experience came back to me with a rush.

A deep jolt hit me, low in my belly, a sucker punch of arousal. I wasn't expecting that. There was another pang of guilt that wound itself around me. Until now, only Jake had made me feel this aroused. I shook my head, opening my eyes, focusing on the view outside of my window. Focus on the sun, buildings, anything but the images of desire that floated around in my mind, dominating my every thought.

The spell was suddenly broken. "I'd like to get my necklace back, Chase."

"And I want to see you again, Abby."

That wasn't what I said.

"You can drop by the club Monday night. The club is closed, but I'll be there doing paperwork, there's minimal staff doing cleaning. We'll have privacy. Just give me a time and I'll meet you at the street door. Do you need the address?"

After I hung up, I wandered around the apartment, that restless feeling back, stronger this time. My muscles were still sore; the fading rope marks on my forearms and thighs a visible reminder of everything that had happened the night before. I found myself unconsciously rubbing them, touching them, and remembering the feeling of them holding me down, restricting me but freeing me at the same time. Remembering the intense sexual feelings Chase had elicited in me, rekindled at the sound of Chase's low, husky voice.

It had been Jake's idea to visit the club; he'd thought it would bring us closer. In a way it had; he'd told me he loved me. But it had also opened a new door for me, an unexpected door. I wanted to step through that doorway, to find out just how far I wanted to go as a submissive. How far I really could go.

And in my mind, waiting in that doorway was Chase.

***

Just like I had imagined, there he was waiting for me, in the doorway of his club on Monday night. I pulled to the curb at the appointed time and the door opened instantly, Chase's frame silhouetted by the light shining behind him.

He greeted me with affection, depositing a kiss on each cheek. The sensual contact of his soft lips grazing my skin sent a violent shiver of desire through me and I trembled in the frame of his heated gaze.

"Come on in, but you'll have to excuse the mess. Monday is cleaning day, if I hadn't mentioned it on the phone." The club was brightly lit, almost garish looking. Chairs in the lounge were pulled away from the tables, trash cans and other cleaning items were scattered about. I could hear talking and laughter from down the hall, the occasional sound of furniture moving, a vacuum running.

"I have your necklace in my office, safe and sound. Follow me." Chase led the way, guiding me through the lounge, heading towards the back rooms. I couldn't keep myself from scanning his muscular frame, taking in his strong, broad shoulders and the way his jeans rested low on his hips. He wore a simple cotton shirt, open at the throat and dark brown cowboy boots and the attire was so incongruous with his surroundings, so completely different from the Chase I'd seen the other night, that even though he looked like he was born wearing these clothes, it made me curious as to what he was really all about. As if sensing my thoughts, he looked up at me with a smile as he rummaged in a desk drawer.

"I run a ranch during the week; the club is my home on the weekends. Or at least the city is; I have a condo nearby. It saves me the long drive in the middle of the night back to the country."

A rancher and a BDSM club owner? Really?

"How did you end up here?" I waved my hand around his office.

He motioned to a chair pulled up in front of his desk. "Well, that's a long story."

"I have time," I replied without hesitation.

Nodding, he waved to the seat in front of me. "Well then, take a seat."

I sat; there was no way I'd pass up learning how he came to own a BDSM club.

"My family's had the ranch for decades," he began. "I was supposed to take over the estate, actually ran it for a few years, but then things happened here..." he waved his hand absently. I wasn't sure if he meant Texas or the club.

"Anyway, I left it all...decided to go to college; New York, if you believe that. It was as far as I could go in my attempt to escape it all and get as far away as I was able. I was pretty determined that I wasn't going to spend my life on that ranch." He hesitated briefly, his eyes growing dark.

"There are always reasons why kids grow up and leave home; I guess I had more than my share." He was looking past me, caught up in his memories. Then his eyes met mine and the darkness faded a bit.

Chase rubbed the side of his nose, a sheepish grin on his face. "I almost flunked out of college my first semester. I spent all of my time partying and meeting as many pretty girls as I could. I was just a hot-blooded country boy caught up in the high energy of the city lights. I couldn't get enough of the club scene. It got pretty crazy there for awhile."

His voice dropped, and his face grew serious. "During my senior year, my parents were killed in a car accident. Both of them. I'm an only child and so I inherited everything. I forced myself to finish up school, managed to graduate and then came back here. I thought I'd be a rancher for life, but then this club came up for sale a few years ago and well, as they say, the rest is history."

Chase sat back, his expression less guarded. "I breed horses during the week and run this place Friday through Sunday." He smiled. "You'd be amazed at the similarities."

He leaned forward. "Now it's your turn. How did you become a submissive?" He looked genuinely interested but the blunt question caught me off guard and I found my throat grow dry as I frantically struggled to maintain composure. Holding nothing back, I found myself recounting my bumbling adventure on the BDSM site, after reading the 50 Shades books.

Chase laughed, a deep sound that I quite liked. "If you only knew how business increased after those books were published. I almost think sometimes I should send a thank you note to the author."

He shrugged, still smiling. "She really didn't do that a great job of giving an accurate picture of a dominant submissive relationship, but she sure as hell got everyone interested in being tied up with silk neckties and getting spanked. We had...still have actually...a few couples come in who want to give the whole scene a try. Some leave before they get past the lounge, some stay and watch a few play scenes and decide this isn't really for them. But we do have a few couples who've become regulars."

Chase came around to sit on edge of his desk. I was conscious of his body, his legs, how muscular they were, just inches from mine, the denim stretched tight across his groin. I tried so hard to focus on his face, meet his gaze, but my eyes were drawn down to the open neck of his shirt, a few light hairs visible. And then lower, remembering what lay between his thighs, the feeling of his c*ck inside me washing over me. I willed myself to look at his eyes. And I saw him smiling at me, the knowing look in his eyes telling me he knew exactly what I was thinking.

He looked at me appraisingly for a long moment. I shifted a bit under his gaze. Even though I'd been nak*d and spread for him, bound with ropes and forced to accept every inch of him, I still felt embarrassed to be analyzed in such close scrutiny.

"I didn't realize you were that new to the scene. I know about Jake, that he's had some experience as a Dom, but you seem to have taken to this quite well for someone so new to the role. You're a very willing student. I like that."

He rose, my necklace dangling between his fingers. I held out my hand. But he moved behind me.

"Here, let me." He gently moved my hair aside and slipping the necklace over my head. I heard the snap of the little cufflink clasp, the heavy weight of the silver against my skin. Jake's face flashed briefly through my mind. I pushed that image forcefully aside.

Chase rested his hands lightly on my shoulders, his thumbs brushing against the bare skin of my neck. I closed my eyes, taking a deep breath.

His fingers were warm against my skin, his touch sure and strong. I shivered involuntarily, heard his laugh.

"I meant what I said, Abby. We'll be good together. Trust me." His voice was mesmerizing, his breathe warm against my neck.

"We could start here, right now, in the club. I can show you things that you'll love."

His hands moved up to my neck, his fingers traveling beneath my chin, over my lips. I opened my mouth and he slid one finger inside, and I sucked on it briefly before he removed it, tracing a damp line down my neck, over the top of one full breast.

"Visit the ranch; get out of the city for a day. You'd like it there. I have horses; all girls love horses." He laughed, his breath teasing the hair near my ear. I felt the brush of his lips on my neck, firm and insistent. I tilted my head, my hair falling to the side, giving him more of me, inviting him further.

His teeth brushed against the soft skin at the nape of my neck, slowly nibbling down toward my shoulder, pulling my shirt aside, lips and tongue and teeth teasing me, lighting a fire inside.

"Take me up on my offer." Again, not a question; a statement, a foregone conclusion.

I closed my eyes. I did want to take him up on his offer, more than anything. I wanted him to dominate me, take me to that place he had the other night. I wanted him to f**k me, hard.

"Yes."

He kissed the top of my head. "Come with me."

***

Chase led me down a different hall than he had the other night. These rooms had doors and these doors had locks. Chase used a key on one and let me into a small room, flicking on the lights, which actually did very little to illuminate the space. Now I know why they're called dungeons.

I turned to look at Chase, watching as he moved around the room. It was immaculate, everything neatly arranged. I realized with a start I was looking at a wide variety of whips and paddles and other instruments designed to inflict pain.

"What are these rooms?"

"These can be booked by the club's elite clients for an entire evening. They're extremely private; there's even a private entrance to this wing, from a separate door on the other side of the building."

Chase stood in front of me, looking at me critically, as if deciding between paint colors. "I'd like to spank you, maybe try a whip or a flogger. Are you interested in that?"

I felt my face flush and I must have made a face at the word 'spank'. Chase cocked his head, a curious look on his face. Then he broke in to a big grin.

"I'd have thought you'd like spanking. Have you experienced any spanking, anything with pain?"

I shrugged. "Only as discipline. Spanking was the discipline for disobeying..." My voice trailed off. I couldn't bring myself to say Jake's name here. It seemed wrong somehow.

"Spanking is more, far more than just discipline." He moved toward me, closer, his hands caressing my shoulders, his eyes locked with mine.

"Done correctly and for the right reasons, it can be quite pleasurable. And with me, it would be for all the right reasons." His voice was low, honey smooth.

"Let me show you."

Chase's fingers moved slowly over my body, unbuttoning each button on my shirt, pulling the fabric aside. His eyes moved over my br**sts, his hands following, cupping them, his fingers hot against my skin.

He ran his hands over my stomach, undoing the button and zipper of my pants, letting them fall to the floor at my feet. I stepped away from them, kicking them unceremoniously to the side.

A tiny voice in my head said I was lucky I'd decided to wear such nice matching lingerie. A second traitorous voice said it wasn't as much luck as careful planning that had paid off. I tried to ignore both voices. But I couldn't ignore the rapid beating of my heart nor the shiver that ran through my body at the touch of Chase's fingers.

Chase left me for a moment, pulling a straight-back chair into the center of the room, sitting down and facing me.

"Come here." His voice was low, that same meditative tone I remembered hearing as he had tied me up.

I stood in front of him, looking down into his eyes. No one had said anything about calling him Master or being under submission and I found myself reaching out, running my fingers through his auburn hair. My breath caught in my throat at the feel of his thick hair running through my fingers.

Chase ran his hands up my legs, slowly, up over my hips, watching his fingers as he traced the faint rope lines that were still visible on my skin. He seemed entranced by the subtle evidence of his handiwork.

When he spoke, his voice was dreamy, his eyes faraway. "Do you know how erotic it was to tie you up, Abby? How hot it made me? The rope, when it's pulled just so against your flesh, hugs your skin, biting in so delicately. It's as if the rope becomes one with your body."

His fingers were circling my thighs, higher and higher, following the faint red lines. "You're a perfect size for rope play." His eyes met mine. "I like my women to be real, to have some curves. I like for the rope to have something to hug. I enjoyed the feeling of your soft skin beneath my fingers, beneath the rope as I wrapped it around you. Watching it bite ever so slightly into your skin when you pulled against it...it gives and moves, almost as if it's alive."

He leaned forward, kissing my stomach, running his tongue briefly around my navel, moving down to kiss the rope marks. I could feel his hands on my ass, gently and rhythmically squeezing my cheeks. After a moment, he looked up at me. His eyes had lost the dreamy look; they were blazing now with unbridled lust.

I felt his fingers slide beneath the elastic of my panties, pulling them down my legs. I stepped out of them.

"Come here; let me show you how it's done."

Chase laid me down across his lap, adjusting me until my ass was where he wanted it. I was very conscious of his erection, brushing against my hip. It seemed impossibly large; I thought I remembered what he looked like; standing between my bound legs, but much of that night was still a fuzzy blur of images and sensations.

There was a long pause and then Chase began slowly, softly rubbing the bare skin on my ass. His hands were a strange combination of soft and rough. A thought about callouses from breaking horses never fully formed; it was interrupted by the sharp pain of Chase slapping my ass.

I cried out, loudly, in shock and pain. Chase's hand was back, rubbing the spot he'd just struck.

"It's better if you're not expecting it. Relax. Being tense makes it hurt."

I wasn't sure how it could hurt worse. My mind went back to Jake's spanking, the shame I'd felt, and the hot tears that ran down my face. I didn't want to feel that here; I wanted to experience whatever this was going to be, from Chase, with an open mind.

There was another sharp slap, this time on the other cheek. The pain was just as intense, but at least my mind was prepared.

Chase's hand was softly caressing me again. And then another slap. And other.

The heat of arousal I'd felt earlier, as he'd undressed me and kissed me, during his lovingly detailed explanation of the ropes on my body, suddenly blossomed into a full-on fire. My skin was burning, but the slaps lost their individual sting, melding into a heat that sank directly into my loins. There was something wild and uncontrollable about this feeling; it went straight to my core, unlocking something deep and primal, something I'd never felt before.

I tried to relax my muscles, not tense my legs, but my body was clenched in the middle, my h*ps flexing forward, my back bowed. Each slap made me contract more, drove the breath out of me in a whistling grunt. I realized after a time I was hearing an echo; Chase was making the same noise in concert with me, his h*ps rising with each slap, his erection pressing hard against my hip. I could feel the heat of his body through his jeans, his thighs tensing beneath me with each slap, with each movement I made in response.

Each slap sent waves of heat spiraling through my body, each caress between slaps teasing me, making me hot and wet. I was consumed by a continuous wash of heat, fueled by Chase's hands on my ass, either the sting of a flesh on flesh or the soft touch between them.

But the soft touches stopped, the slaps continuing, arriving faster, one after another. Chase was breathing as hard as I was now, whistling breaths between his teeth in the pauses between hitting me. Then everything stopped for a brief instant. I hung my head, gulping air.

But suddenly I was moving as he picked me up, less of a push off his lap than a controlled drop to the floor. I was surprised by his strength and at unexpectedly finding myself on my hands and knees on the rug. I looked behind me, just as Chase was stripping his jeans down his muscular thighs.

His c*ck seemed enormous from this angle, long and thick and hard, but I didn't have time to register much else before he dropped to his knees behind me, his hands on my burning ass, his c*ck driving home into my p**sy.

I came instantly, hard, with a tearing scream and a shudder that bordered on a convulsion. There was no subspace this time. I was acutely aware of every sensation in my body; Chase's hands on my stinging ass, his c*ck thrusting hard into me, the pulsing waves of my orgasm as they crashed through my body.

Chase's orgasm followed on the heels of mine, as he thrust himself deeply into me with a series of loud cries and grunts, primal and masculine. I wanted to turn around, to watch his face, see this progression but he pressed down on the small of my back, forcing me down onto the rug, my arms giving way.

As he pulled away, he gave me another sharp crack across the ass, my burning flesh receiving this one with less grace than the rest. I pushed myself up, spun around, arm raised, breath tearing from my throat. I'm not quite sure what I intended to do, but Chase easily caught my wrist, pulling me hard against his chest.

"Whoa there, tiger. Easy." His laugh washed over me as he looked down into my eyes. "You're a little spitfire, aren't you? I can see why you needed discipline."

He held me against him, his mouth crushing mine, still holding my upraised arm. I realized this was the first time he'd kissed me. And I kissed him back, hard. I wanted to devour him.

After a long time, he broke away.

"Abby...holy hell." He brushed an errant strand of hair from my face. "You're insatiable." He kissed my forehead, then stood, pulling me to my feet.

"As much as I'd like this to continue, I have other commitments." He pulled up his jeans, doing the button and zipper, then bent to retrieve my panties from beneath the chair. With a flourish he handed them to me, a playful smile on his lips.

"My lady, your panties." I had no choice but to laugh. He handed me the rest of my clothes. There was a small bathroom adjacent to the room we were in and I got dressed, taking a minute to try to control my hair.

Chase led me back through the club, down to the street to my car. He pulled me hard against him, pushing me against the car door, his mouth giving me one last bruising kiss.

"Come out to the ranch this week." He spoke the words into my ear, slow and hypnotic.

"Fresh air does a body good. Come out on Thursday. Give that backside a chance to stop stinging." He attempted another swat on my ass, but I dodged his hand.

I nodded, not really capable of speech, my breath catching in my throat.

"Good girl. I'll call you with the directions. It's not hard to find."

***

I'd gone to the club straight from work and on the drive home, my cell phone rang. I fished it out of my purse, hoping against hope it might be Chase, just maybe asking me back to the club. Stop being silly, Abby.

It was Jake. My heart leapt into my throat, as if he could see me, or know where I'd been.

"Jake. Where are you?"

"I'm in Minneapolis. Are you okay? You sound upset."

"I'm in the car." My heart was thudding against my chest.

"I'll let you go then. Just wanted to check in and say hi. I'll give you a call tomorrow."

And then he was gone.

Guilt flashed through my mind; the last thoughts I'd had of Jake were of him spanking me in punishment, the shame I'd felt, the pain but no pleasure.

And now, I'd been spanked hard, and enjoyed every minute of it. My ass still stung, the pain brought back all the memories of Chase, of his thick c*ck inside of me. I wiggled hard against the car seat, the heat from my sensitive skin making me cry out, not only from the pain but from the arousal that it triggered.

I realized that I wanted Chase, not Jake, to be the one to give me release.

***

Leslie found me on Wednesday afternoon. I looked up from a proposal I was working on to find her standing in my doorway.

"Come on in. Have a seat."

She hesitated, taking a step into my office but not sitting down. "Is something wrong, Leslie?"

"No, well, yes." She finally sat down. "Are you mad at me?"

I frowned. "No. Why would you think that?"

"I don't see you anymore, you don't answer my messages or voicemails or go to lunch with me." There was obvious pain in Leslie's voice.

"You're not the same Abby."

It felt like she'd slapped me. I sat back in my chair. "Oh. Well, I don't think I am the same person either sometimes. This whole thing...experience...relationship...has changed me." I looked at her a moment. Leslie knew me better than anyone.

"Do you think it's changed me for the better or for the worse?"

"I can't tell. I don't see you enough to know. And when I do, you don't tell me anything anyway."

"You know why that is. Look, these relationships are complicated..."

"Relationships? As in more than one?" Leslie sat forward in her chair. "You really have been holding out on me, Abby. Who's the other guy...or is it guys? Are you into group sex now?"

I sighed. When Leslie got the scent, there was no getting her off the trail. "No group sex. I'm with Jake as a submissive. He's told me now that he loves me. I met another man at a bondage club...he's the owner. We've...um, I saw him Monday." The words spilled out in a rush. There was no other way than to just say them.

Leslie's eyes went wide. "Abby! Two men? You?" There was a beat of stunned silence and then she broke into peals of laughter.

I looked at her in disbelief. I really didn't think my life was a laughing matter, but then again, I'm not Leslie. Eventually she regained the powers of speech.

"Oh, I'm sorry. But you finally sound like the rest of the girls I know. Too many men, too little time. And for you, who always fell in love on the first date, I'm rather impressed." She leaned forward.

"Now, I want as many details as you can give me. I'm sure between the two guys, there's something you can reveal. You don't even have to tell me the other guy's name." She leaned back, pushing my office door closed.

"I'm not leaving until you spill."

***

Thursday was bright and warm, a perfect day to spend in the country. Chase had given me complete directions, even though the ranch would have been easy to find, and I was there by lunchtime. I turned up the long driveway toward a sprawling house, big and rambling, a combination of wood siding and impressive stonework across the front. A porch ran the length of the front of the house and as I pulled up, I saw Chase sitting in one of the many chairs arranged on the deep, shady porch. He walked up to my car, opening the door for me.

"Welcome to my humble abode, Abby. I'm glad you're here." His friendly manner put to rest the few butterflies of doubt that had grown in my stomach on the drive out. I'd wondered, not a few times, exactly what I was doing.

But seeing Chase's warm sexy smile made me very glad I'd made the decision to take the day off from work and come see him, and a thrill of anticipation stirred the butterflies briefly.

I'd barely gotten out of the car when he had me in a big hug, almost crushing me against his chest. I was laughing when he let me go, slightly breathless. Before I could speak, he brought his lips to mine, warm and soft, in a long lingering kiss that left no room for any doubts about his intentions for the day. His body radiated sex appeal, sent out signals to my body that were immediately picked up and answered. When he finally let me go, I was a bit dazed, and pretty much speechless.

"Like I said, I'm glad you're here." The voice was honey over gravel. He looked down at me, his brown eyes glinting, his lips curved in a sensuous smile.

"You want the penny tour? Most of the place is presentable for company. You'll see a few other people wandering around. There's ranch hands, plus a housekeeper here most days and the ranch foreman, of course."

Chase led me up the wide steps, across the deep porch and through the open oak double doors, into a foyer. Beyond that was a massive wood-beamed living room, complete with a two-story stone fireplace. There were several groupings of large over-stuffed chairs, covered in leather and geometric patterns, all in browns and reds and leather. The overall look was upscale but comfortable and gently worn.

"This is the main room. There have been so many wings and additions to the main house over the decades it's sometimes hard to keep it all straight." Chase pointed to the left, past the big fireplace.

"The original house was this room, the small wing down there with a few guest bedrooms and out back, the kitchen. The original kitchen building burned down sometime a couple generations ago." He turned me by the shoulders, facing me toward an open kitchen area, dominated by a large industrial-grade cooktop and another fireplace. The walls were covered in cream-colored stucco. Even though the room was large, it still managed to look warm and cozy.

"So they built this wing, which eventually was upgraded not too long ago to what you see here. There's a dining room that way..." Chase gestured to the right of the kitchen, where I could see the end of a long, rough-hewn wooden table "...and a smaller den that way." He pointed to the left, down yet another hallway.

"It's quite a place." I was a little awed by the size of the room I was standing in. It could have comfortably held fifty people, with room to spare.

"There's more. The master bedroom is a separate wing upstairs, but we'll save that for later. But not too much later." With a wink, Chase led me into the kitchen.

"Are you hungry? Rachel left us some of her amazing pot roast and potatoes. There's enough for two and fixings for a salad. I think I can manage to put that together myself. She trusts me with things she thinks I can't make a mess of, like lettuce and a bowl."

Chase parked me on a stool by the wide marble counter. He dug into the refrigerator, coming up with an armful of salad greens, tomatoes, cucumbers and a wedge of Parmesan cheese. With seemingly minimal effort or mess, a salad appeared in front of me, dressed with a simple balsamic honey mixture that made my mouth water. I realized I was hungry and dove in.

We made our way through Rachel's pot roast and oven-roasted potatoes, exchanging stories, me telling my life history, brief as it was.

"It's a pretty boring story. I'm just a girl on her own in the big city, with a BA in English Lit and a cat, nothing as exciting as owning a ranch and a bondage club."

Chase laughed. "I have a feeling there's far more to your life than just an English Lit degree and a cat. And owning all this...well, sometimes it's more trouble than it's worth. Except for the horses. I don't think I would have stayed with it if I hadn't started raising horses. The cattle pay the bills, but the horses are my love." He pushed his plate away, tossing down his napkin.

"Come on. Let's go out to the barns. There are a few friends out there I'd like you to meet."

***

The first friend turned out to be a beautiful chestnut horse in a paddock near the house. Chase whistled and the horse's head came up instantly. He made those throaty noises horses make and came up alongside the fence, his body shining in the sun. Chase had an apple for him and he bit into it, snapping it in half with his big horse teeth. I took a step backward as he thrust its nose over the top of the wooden fence, curious to see if I had any apples, or if I was edible.

"Don't be afraid. Chisholm is a big p**sycat. Unless you're a mare in season."

"I'm a city girl. These things are bigger than my car. And I don't know what 'in season' means."

"It means receptive for breeding." Chase took my hand, holding it against the horse's nose. It was velvety smooth. I gave an experimental pat and the horse made a pleasant noise in response.

"He likes you. He's got good taste in fillies." He patted the horse's neck. "Let's go see my favorite girl."

Chase took me into the barn. It was a dim, dusty cool, smelling of hay and horses. We walked down the center, stalls on either side. Most seemed empty, but down at the end I heard horse noises, saw a sleek black head pop over the stall door.

"This is my baby. Celeste, meet Abby." The horse wasn't the least interested in me. She nuzzled Chase, looking for the apple he had in his pocket. He patted her neck and scratched her ears while she chomped on the apple.

"Celeste and me go way back." He was looking at the horse with affection.

"She's my best mare. She was the first horse born here, the start of the whole thing." He scratched her neck for a moment longer, then looked at me.

"She's the only female in my life who's never broken my heart." Said by anyone else, without Chase's easy grin, it would have sounded like a bad country western song.

We wandered out the other end of the barn, away from the house. There was a maze of fences and gates, and several more barns. The furthest away seemed to have some kind of activity involving horses. There were several pickup trucks parked beside it and I could see various men coming and going, one holding the lead of a brown and white horse, who stood placidly by a fence.

"They're breeding one of the fillies today. First time." Chase looked at me.

"You want to watch?"

I wasn't sure. But Chase had already started down the lane that led between two fences.

We stood at the fence, watching as a man led a huge gray stallion out of the barn. As soon as he was near the filly, he began tossing his head, rearing and pulling against the lead. The filly turned her head, watching as he approached.

"He smells her; he can tell if she's receptive by how she smells."

I nodded, too engrossed in what was going on to reply. There was an air of anticipation among the assembled men, a general movement aimed at getting the two horses together, and a strange undercurrent of excitement. Or maybe it was just my excitement.

And then I watched in jaw-dropped awe as the stallion went through his paces. It came to me with a jolt that I'd never seen any animals mate. To say it was primal would be an understatement.

One of the ranch hands had come up to talk briefly with Chase after it was over and the horses had been led back to wherever they go, I hoped for aftercare. I thought they'd certainly need it. The stallion had, at one point, sunk his teeth into the filly's neck, his hooves thrashing against her back.

Chase took my elbow. "Seen enough?" He was laughing gently.

"It's always interesting to see the reaction on someone's face the first time they see a horse bred."

"It's...well...he's really big."

"Yes, ma'am. He's a big boy. He stands sixteen point three hands at the withers...that's just about your height, I guess, at his shoulder." Chase looked down at me, a glint in his eye.

"But I'm thinking you didn't really mean how tall his is, now did you?"

I hadn't, but wasn't going to admit that now.

Chase took me back through the barn where Celeste had her stall. He stopped in the cool shade inside, pulling me toward him, his arms around my waist, holding me hard against his body. His shirt was warm from the sun, the smell of hay and horse in the barn mixing with his own scent, something spicy, pleasantly sharp over deep warmth.

He held me a moment, his eyes traveling over my face, and then he claimed my mouth with a fiery kiss. There was nothing tentative, no questioning that I wanted what he did. The kiss, and his body, said it all.

And my body agreed. I returned his kiss with a strength that surprised me. Whether it was watching the horses or the fresh air, or more likely, just Chase, I was instantly hot, my body vibrating with arousal.

Chase felt all that. Like the stallion; I bet he can smell it on me.

He broke away, turning sharply, pulling me with him, through a nearby door. There was a distinctive smell, horse-like but something else: the pleasant smell of leather lay heavy in the air.

The door slammed shut behind us and we were instantly pulling at each other's clothes. Chase had the snap and zipper down on my jeans in one swift movement, pulling them down my hips, helping me strip them off my legs. His big hands clutched my ass, pulling me against his erection, hard and insistent, straining against the front of his jeans. I could feel the heat; the hardness and I knew if he ran a hand between my legs, it would come back wet.

My fingers were busy with the buttons on his shirt, finally getting enough undone to expose a broad expanse of chest, lightly covered in auburn hair. My hands roamed across his skin, finding his dark n**ples with my mouth, licking and sucking, feeling them grow hard beneath my tongue.

Chase finally pushed me away with a gasp, reaching out to tug my shirt over my head. He made quick work of my bra and then his hands were on my br**sts, squeezing them together, palming them hard, his eyes hot as they watched the n**ples grow hard at his touch.

We were both breathing hard and fast as Chase stepped back from me, undoing the buttons on his jeans, pulling them down his legs.

My hands reached for him but before I could get my hands on his hard cock, he had me around the waist, lifting me up, setting my ass on the long bench that ran the length of the room.

"Spread your legs, Abby. Let me f**k you." His hands were on my thighs, pushing them apart, before he grabbed my hips, pulling me to the edge of the bench. The rough wood made the still sensitive skin of my ass burn and I gasped, loving the feel, the reminder of my time with Chase at the club. I leaned back, my p**sy exposed to Chase, knowing I was wet enough for him to see.

With one thrust he entered me, burying his c*ck to the hilt. I cried out, the suddenness of his entry surprising me, his length and girth stretching me. He wasted no time in setting a pounding pace, thrusting hard and fast, one hand around my back, the other holding one full breast to his mouth as he sucked hard, his mouth and tongue matching the intensity of his thrusts into my body.

I was helpless to move, held tight by his strong arms, by the position I was in, with my legs wrapped around his waist. Chase was in total control; I was at his mercy, bound without ropes this time, and I let him use me as he wanted. My body responded to his every touch, whether mouth or tongue, hand or cock, with a visceral response, starting deep inside, spiraling upward, until I felt I would explode.

We were melded together, our bodies and our voices...our noises...echoing and repeating in the confines of the small room. Chase abandoned my br**sts, gasping against my shoulder, his breath hot and harsh against my skin. There was a new urgency to his thrusting and my body responded, muscles contracting, my legs gripping him hard, pulling him toward his cli**x.

And when it happened, it was a noisy affair. I expected to be bitten, much as the filly had been, gouged and torn by sharp hooves, and it was pretty damn close, for both of us.

Chase almost pulled me off the edge of the bench, holding me so hard I could feel each finger digging into my flesh. His mouth was pressed against my neck, the edges of his teeth grazing my skin. His thrusts had taken on that random quality, erratic and sharp, but so erotic, something far beyond his control.

His cry of release was muffled against my shoulder, his c*ck rammed as far as he could force it into my body, pulsating warmth filling me. I felt my muscles contract around him, my cry loud and clear, head thrown back as I raked my fingernails across his back, my heels dug into the small of his back, holding on for all I was worth.

Long minutes passed. Chase still held me but we'd stopped making our respective noises, only our loud breathing filling the room. I became aware of a distant thudding, like someone knocking on a door.

Chase lifted his head, perspiration darkening the hair along his forehead and temples. The smile on his face was full of his satisfaction and I knew mine looked the same way. But the thumping distracted me. My body stiffened at the thought of being discovered, locked in Chase's arms, nak*d and exposed.

"It's only Celeste. She's probably jealous; she knows what we're doing."

With a gentleness that surprised me, he released me, helping me down from the bench. We got dressed, moving slowly, recovering the feeling in our limbs.

"You want to come up and have a drink at the house? I think we earned a cold one and a long sit on the porch." He took my hand, leading me out of the tack room and through the barn. I could see Celeste's head thrust over the stall door as we left the barn.

We did have a cold one, many cold ones, sitting in the shade of the porch. Talk was easy and rambling, interrupted by long stretches of comfortable silences. The view from the porch was beautiful, rolling fields full of wildflowers.

I finally turned to him, a bit emboldened by alcohol, the questions I'd been mulling over in my mind finally tumbling out.

"You've made some references to Jake, that you know him, that he's had relationships at the club. What can you tell me about those?"

It was late afternoon, the sun sending slanting rays across the fields. Chase was squinting into the sun, looking off across what must have been acres of his ranch.

He turned to me, one eyebrow raised. "Jake didn't tell you? Not surprised. He's a man of many secrets." He took a long pull on his beer. "I guess we all are, come to that."

Chase sat forward, resting his elbows on his thighs, holding the neck of the beer bottle between his knees. His gaze was focused on the porch floor in front of him. His voice was low, not the sexy voice that sent a thrill down my spine, but with an edge to it. It sent a chill through me, and not a chill of arousal.

"Jake...Jake's good at keeping secrets. And he's got some pretty dark ones. As much as I'd like to be the one to tell you, I can't. Not now. You should ask him. I can say though, if he hasn't been honest with you before now, I'm not sure he's going to suddenly come clean."

Chase turned to me again, his eyes intense, almost amber in the setting sun. "But if you're going to continue this relationship with him, as his submissive, I think you better get him to tell you. As in any relationship, trust is vital. And in your type of relationship, it's more important than you realize."

I was quiet, the pleasant buzz of the alcohol suddenly gone. While I wasn't sure what I expected Chase to say, I know that wasn't it.

He stood, setting his beer bottle down, reaching for my hand.

"Come on. I still have one wing of the house to show you."

I followed willingly, pulled in the wake of Chase's unspoken but all too obvious desires. I wanted what he wanted, as much of it as I could get before I headed home.

The master bedroom was as comfortable and rustic as the lower level, the hard edges of wood and stone softened by overstuffed chairs and a bed covered in a handmade quilt. There was a fireplace in this room, although not as massive as the ones downstairs.

Chase spun me around, his hands on my arms, fingers digging in to my upper arms. He looked down at me, his eyes dark with arousal. My breath caught in my throat at the strength of his grasp. There was an instant where I wasn't sure what he was going to do.

But he pulled me against his chest, his mouth on mine in a now-familiar kiss that bruised my lips against my teeth, this tongue thrusting into my mouth. I received him fully, opening my mouth to him, my tongue meeting him thrust for thrust.

His hands were roaming restlessly over my body, pulling at my shirt, sliding his hands beneath it to grope my br**sts. I stepped away from him, struggling out of my shirt before he pulled me back to him.

His erection was pressed against my stomach, hard and hot. My fingers found their way to the buttons on his jeans, pulling and tugging them open, sliding my hand down to cup his c*ck and balls, making him grunt and push against my hand.

I was impatient to get at his body and, surprising myself, I reached up, tearing the front of his shirt, buttons popping off, clicking on the hardwood floor. I felt more than heard Chase grunt against my mouth, felt his lips curve into a smile.

In one swift movement, Chase lifted me, tossing me on to the bed. I'm not used to being tossed by anyone and it caught me off guard. Chase laughed, his eyes glinting, sensing my discomfort and apparently enjoying it.

"Don't worry. I'm not going to hurt you."

My eyes widened. I wasn't afraid of Chase, but the wildness and unpredictability of him startled me. But it was that same wildness and unpredictability that lit a fire inside me like no one else ever had. His uncontrolled passion was what drew me to him, making me the cliched moth to his flame.

His hands were pulling at my jeans, tugging them down my legs. He stripped his jeans off, taking his ruined shirt off, leaving him nak*d, standing at the edge of the bed.

Chase's strong hands pushed my legs apart, his eyes traveling hungrily over my body. He climbed on the bed, kneeling between my outstretched legs. I knew exactly what he was going to do and my h*ps began twitching in anticipation, and I heard myself making small whimpering noises. Chase smiled down at me, a roguish glint in his eye.

"I can't wait to taste you, Abby."

I shuddered briefly as he ran his tongue the length of my p**sy, stopping to flicker over my clit. With consummate skill, he began his assault, licking and sucking, his tongue seeming everywhere at once, probing deeply, and skimming the edges, his lips brushing against my soft folds.

At one point I felt his teeth graze my clit, catching my breath at the sudden sharpness as he bit gently, tugging and pulling, before sucking it into his mouth.

I was clutching the sheets, my head thrashing from side to side, wanting this to continue but wanting more, wanting to touch Chase, feel his body beneath my hands, to have his c*ck in my mouth.

Sitting up, I squirmed away from him, his startled look making me smile. I didn't think many women, or me, managed to startle with Chase.

"Come here. It's my turn." I pulled him by arm and he came willingly, a knowing smile replacing his surprise, kneeling beside me on the bed.

Sitting up, I grabbed his cock, pulling it toward my mouth, licking the head, running my tongue over and over the slit in the end, down the sensitive underside of the head.

I pulled his length into my mouth, bobbing my head, swirling my tongue around his shaft. He was looking down, watching every move I made as his c*ck slid between my lips.

He reached one hand down between my legs, rubbing my clit, thrusting his fingers into my wet p**sy. I moaned against his cock, briefly closing my eyes as his fingers pulled and rubbed my clit, my h*ps arching up in response.

Before long, Chase was moaning, rocking his h*ps back and forth, his eyes still watching intently, his breathing harsh. His fingers were still aggressively thrusting into me, harder, just on the verge of being uncomfortable. But my body was responding, my legs spread far apart, h*ps rolling, bucking against his hand.

And then it was all too much, for both of us. With a cry that sounded almost desperate, Chase pulled himself away from me, climbing between my legs. He grabbed the backs of my thighs, pulling me up, pulling my legs further apart.

He was on his knees between my legs, his spread wide, his c*ck wet with my spit. There was a fierce, almost savage, look in his eyes. He paused, looking down at me, breath rasping from his throat.

A small part of me recoiled from the intensity of his gaze, but the rest of me, the wild part, wanted him so badly, wanted whatever he was going to do to me. I rose up on my elbows, meeting his gaze, breathing hard.

"Do it, Chase. Now." I was breathing just as hard. "Oh, god...take me...use me. Do it now!"

And he did. He thrust into me and kept going, driving himself into me at a merciless pace. His hard thighs were hitting the backs of my legs, pushing me across the bed. Chase roughly grabbed my hips, fingers digging into my flesh, pulling me up his thighs, slamming his c*ck into me over and over.

I braced my arms on the bed, arching up, helpless in his grasp as he took control, using my body, taking his pleasure while giving me mine. I was, again, at his mercy, under his dominance. And I loved it.

When I came, there was no stopping it, or Chase. He drove right through my bucking and thrashing, my desperate cries. All I could do was arch up against him, let my body take control and ride the ever-increasing waves of ecstasy.

But Chase wasn't finished with me. My orgasm peaked and then held, as he continued his frenzied thrusting. I was shaking, my arms tired, my legs quivering, my mind, I realized, heading to that place I'd gone when Chase had bound me with rope. Everything was too much...but I wanted more.

Chase's cry, his almost-scream, brought me back. His head was thrown back, his h*ps thrust forward, eyes tightly shut. I could feel every nuance of his c*ck inside me, feel it harden even more, the first pulses as his orgasm broke, the hot rush of fluid as he ejaculated. He made short sharp jabs into me, grimacing with each, his cries finally softening as he came down from the peak of his orgasm.

We collapsed, Chase covering me, my body exhausted. I drifted off, and then became aware of Chase moving me, lifting my arms and legs, covering me with sheets and the quilts, pulling me against him. I felt his gentle kiss on my neck and then I was asleep.

***

It was very late...or very early...when I woke. The room was dark; Chase a darker shape in the bed next to me. I leaned over him, looking for an alarm clock. The one on the bedside table said seven-fifteen. My cry of dismay roused Chase.

"What's wrong?" His voice was groggy with sleep, low and husky. And utterly sexy. Damn.

"I'm really, really late. Why is it so dark in here?"

I was struggling to untangle myself from the sheets.

"Black out curtains." Chase's hand reached out, stilling my efforts.

"Stay. Call in sick." His voice was less groggy but no less sexy. My breath caught in my throat, my heart doing a little double beat. The warm scent of us rose up, reminding me of yesterday.

"I can't..."

"Yes. You can." There was a fumbling on his side of the bed and a cell phone was thrust into my hands.

After I handed the cell phone back to him, he rolled toward me, pulling me against his body, his erection already there, hard, pressing against my stomach. There was that familiar, and oh-so-welcome, thud deep inside of me in response. I moved closer, my hand sliding down between us, my fingers wrapping around his thick shaft.

"You're turning me into a bad girl, Chase." I whispered my words over the top of his head. He was already kissing my br**sts, his fingers playing with my n**ples.

He looked up at me, his face just visible in the dim light. I thought he was probably smiling.

"No. I think you've been a closet bad girl all along. I just opened the door."

***

It was sometime Friday night when I got back to my own apartment. I'd at least had the presence of mind to leave a very large bowl of food for the cat, but he was clingy and needy for the first hour I was home. He followed me everywhere, even to the bathroom when I took my ritual Sunday evening bath, two days early.

I stayed in the bath a long, long time, adding more hot water. My muscles were sore; there were fingerprint bruises on my arms and the backs of my thighs. It made me wonder, now that I was away from Chase, exactly what I had been doing and why.

The what was easy. I'd been having mind-blowing sex, wild and passionate, with an unpredictable man who lit a fire inside of me. That sent me out of control, made my body not only sing, but scream with pleasure. I'd never come away from being with any man feeling as desirable and alive as I did with Chase.

The why was a bit more complicated. I guess, in simplest terms, because I could. He excited me and I apparently excited him. We got along well; we enjoyed each other's company, in and out of bed. We had kick ass sex.

But every so often the little voice in my head spoke up, reminding me of Jake. And I felt bad, guilty, torn...disloyal.

Jake is important to me, but he's not my boyfriend. We don't have that kind of relationship. That he loves me is his responsibility, not mine; he knows that and so do I. I'm still abiding by the original rules of engagement for our relationship. No strings attached. I don't want to intentionally hurt Jake; I do care for him. But I do get to live my own life.

Chase is important, or I'd like Chase to be important, but in a different way. I could have a relationship with Chase. All possibilities are on the table right now with Chase, including being his submissive.

I thought about that as I added more hot water to the bath. What would it be like, having Chase as my Dom? Would we have scenes at the club? Or his house? Both?

I shook my head. This is how you get in trouble with men, Abby. Back off.

Eventually the water got cold and I drained the bath. I wrapped up in a big terry bathroom and slouched around the apartment, thinking vaguely about dinner. Chase had fed me lunch before I left but it was late now and I was hungry.

I was rummaging around in my empty refrigerator when the phone rang. The caller ID wasn't one I recognized.

"Hi, Abby."

Jake's voice surprised me, caused my heart to thud, made my palms sweaty. And made me very happy.

"Jake! Where are you? Are you home?"

"No, not yet. Still on the road. Seattle, Washington, to be exact. I'm just calling from the hotel to see how you are. I've missed you."

It was so good to hear Jake's voice, to have him tell me about the meetings he had, all those little details of his day. We talked for a long time, about nothing really, me omitting where I'd been for the last two days, and with whom.

When I hung up I had a nagging voice in my mind, that I was somehow betraying Jake by being with Chase.

But another voice, Chase's voice, was there; telling me Jake had secrets, secrets with the potential to hurt me. It made whatever this was all the more confusing.

***

Chase called late Sunday night from the club. I almost missed the call, diving for the phone on the last ring before it went to voicemail.

"I want to see you this week, Abby. Monday, for dinner. I assume you like steak."

There was no wasted time or words with Chase; he was direct and to the point. I told him I wanted to see him too.

"Of course you do. I'm irresistible." I heard the smile in his voice. "Wear something sexy. I want to ravish you with my eyes during dinner."

He was coming from the club and I was coming from work, so we agreed to meet at the restaurant. He told me to park behind the place he'd picked, off of Texas Avenue at Capital.

The restaurant was crowded so I took a seat at the bar, ordering a bourbon and branch. I didn't have long to wait before Chase arrived, looking sexy and casual in a black shirt and dark jeans.

He gave me a hearty kiss on the lips, pulling me hard against him. He finally let me go, keeping one arm around my shoulders. He looked down into my eyes, his easy smile making me smile back. Everything seemed to be right when he held me, no matter where we were.

"You're a sight for sore eyes, Abby. I've missed you."

We talked for a bit at the bar before the waitress led us to our table. I'd had a second drink and was feeling nicely relaxed, maybe a little too relaxed.

"I like the dress, Abby. Very sexy." As we walked to our table, the hand on the small of my back had slid lower, giving my ass a squeeze.

Dinner was steak for two, perfectly done and delicious. And another drink. Slow down, Abby.

But everything felt so good, dinner, being with Chase, letting loose and having fun. We discovered there was music next door and before I realized it, we were out dancing, one song after another.

"I can't remember the last time I did this." I was winded, sitting at a small table off to the side, another drink waiting for me.

"Feels good to get out of your routine, doesn't it?" Chase had undone a button or two on his shirt, just a bit more of his broad chest visible. It did things to me that shouldn't be allowed in certain states.

A slow song started and the lights dimmed. Chase took my hand, pulling me up to his chest.

"Come on, Abby. One more."

He held me against his body, every inch of him possible pressed against me. We were the perfect height; his erection caught me just on the bone above my thighs, making it easy to grind against his hard c*ck with just the slightest pressure.

When the song ended, we were both breathing hard, eyes locked, bodies still locked together. When the lights came up and the first notes of the next song started, we broke apart. Unspoken, I grabbed my purse and he pulled me out the back door of the place, into the parking lot, to his car.

It had been a long time since I'd fooled around in the back seat of someone's car, longer even than since the last time I'd danced, and my heart thudded in my chest.

Chase's car, a little red convertible, was parked in the far corner of the lot, bordered on two sides by a chest high brick wall. A rush of giggles spilled out as I imagined him and me in the back seat, which was almost non-existent.

But he pulled me toward the front of the car, turning around, grabbing me by the shoulders. I winced; it was the same place he'd grabbed me Thursday, and probably Friday, and my arms were covered with tiny fingerprint bruises. But he had me pulled against him, his mouth on mine, his hands moving down to cup my ass, thrusting himself slowly against me.

The bourbon made me relaxed, pleasantly fuzzy around the edges. The air was warm and soft around us, the twilight deep purple, almost, but not quite night. His mouth was working all kinds of magic on mine, his tongue probing every recess in my mouth.

Lost in all this erotic play, I was only dimly aware of his hand sliding between us, moving with purpose, the soft sound of his zipper being tugged down.

His mouth was no longer on mine. His hands were on my shoulders then, gently pushing me down. I opened my eyes, looking up at him in the dim light of the parking lot.

"No...we're in public. Someone will see us." But as I looked around, I realized we were hidden in the darkest corner of the lot, the car behind me blocking any view of what I would be doing.

"Come on, Abby." His voice was low, so very seductive. "Do it for me. You're so f**king sexy in that dress. I can't go home with this." He looked down; I followed his gaze. His erection was huge, standing away from the open flies of his jeans. The sight of it made me gasp, a hard thump of arousal hitting me low again, another punch, not unexpected this time.

The pressure of his hands on my shoulders grew. I felt my knees giving way slowly, as I slid my hands down his chest, looking up at his face against the darkening sky.

The parking lot was rough under my knees as I took him in my hand, wrapping my fingers around the shaft of his erection. I ran my tongue over the head of his cock, flicking it along the sensitive underside. Chase's hands were on my head, tangling in my hair.

I took him into my mouth, swirling my tongue around the shaft of his cock, feeling the softness of the skin over the heat and hardness. My hands had moved to his balls, caressing each one, rubbing them, teasing him as I pulled his c*ck from my mouth. I kept this up, bobbing my head, working him further and further into my mouth.

With a groan Chase suddenly pushed my head down on his cock, thrusting himself hard into my mouth. It took me by surprise, made me gag briefly. I pulled him out of my mouth, stroking him slowly while I caught my breath. I looked up at him, his face barely visible in the dark. I couldn't read his expression.

His hands were still holding my head, but I felt them relax. I took him back into my mouth, licking and sucking, pulling him out to stroke him hard and fast. If he wanted it rough, I'd give it to him, but on my terms.

The thrill of being outside, with the ever-present potential of someone seeing us, made me hot, turned me on. I was moaning against Chase's c*ck by now, my own h*ps thrusting forward in time with Chase's body.

When he came, it was with brief but loud cry and an explosive thrust, his h*ps thrusting forward. His fingers dug into my scalp and I let him take control as his orgasm peaked.

When it was over, he pulled me up, offering his handkerchief. I wiped my lips, hearing the sound of the zipper on his jeans. He grabbed me, pulling me back against his body, kissing me hard.

"That was amazing, Abby." He broke away, looking down at me in the dim light, brushing the hair away from my face.

"Are you okay to drive home? You've had a few drinks tonight."

I nodded my head. "I'm fine. I don't have that far to go. I'll be okay."

"Call me when you get home so I know you got home safely."

I drove home with the window down, pushing the speed limit, the wind in my hair. I felt alive, reckless.

Chase answered his cell on the first ring. After he was assured I was home, safe and sound, he asked if I wanted to go on a road trip with him on the weekend. There was a horse he was interested in buying a couple hours north of his ranch. We would leave on Saturday; ride up early to see the horse and then take a leisurely ride back, enjoying the day and the countryside.

I thought it sounded like a wonderful idea. Chase suggested I come up Friday after work and we could get an early start on Saturday.

"But what about the club?"

"This is why they invented assistant managers. Stacy will be there; she's my right hand in most things club related. No one gives Stacy any problems; she's tougher on staff and guests than I ever am. It'll be in good hands for the weekend."

***

The week dragged. I had lunch with Leslie on Wednesday, feeding her seemingly insatiable desire for details about my sex life. She was alternately fascinated and horrified by my encounter with Chase in the parking lot.

"Abby! Really? How cool...and weird. He made you give him a bl*w j*b in the parking lot?" We were at the sushi place, a plate of California rolls in front of us.

"No, not made me...not really. He was forceful, but he didn't force me. There's a difference." I speared a roll with a chopstick, dunking it in tamari sauce, coaxing a blob of wasabi onto the roll.

"There is? Well, okay. Semantics I guess. When are you seeing him next?"

I told her about the weekend road trip to see the horse. She laughed.

"You hate big animals. They scare you."

"I know, but I'm not riding the horse. I'm just looking at it, not buying it."

"When's Jake coming back?"

I shrugged, pretended to be busy with my wasabi, pushing a tiny green bit around on my plate. There was a pang of guilt mixed in with my excitement over Chase. Leslie picked up on that right away.

"Don't you like Jake anymore? I thought you and he had some type of mystical relationship there that transcended logic or something." She took a sip of tea, watching me through the curling steam.

"I like Jake just fine." I realized I was fidgeting in my chair. "It's complicated."

Leslie laughed. "That's a Facebook status update, Abby. Spill it, what's really going on?"

I sighed, looking up at her. "Jake and I don't have a traditional boyfriend, girlfriend relationship. It's a no-strings-attached relationship, by mutual agreement." I laid my chopsticks across my plate.

"Neither one of us wanted any romantic involvement."

"Yeah, but Jake already broke that rule, by telling you he loved you, right? So now what, are all bets off? Did you dump him because of that? And does Chase fit in with all of this? Do they know about each other?"

Trust Leslie to get right into the nuts and bolts of things.

"I care about Jake; he's my dominant. That relationship I want to continue. His professed love for me is his responsibility. He knows how I feel, or don't feel. And as far as he's told me, he's okay with that."

I took a deep breath. "Chase, well, Chase is the complication. He's wild, unpredictable...and I like that. A lot."

"And? You're avoiding that one last question, Abby. Do they know you're seeing the other?"

"Chase knows about Jake, of course. He knows the whole relationship." I poked at another roll, dissecting it with a chopstick.

"And by your continued avoidance, I bet Jake doesn't know about Chase, does he?"

There was a glint in Leslie's eyes. She knew the answer, but she was going to goad me into saying it.

"No, Jake doesn't know about Chase. Not that I'm seeing him outside the club...or in the club." I cringed. It sounded bad, even though I knew it wasn't. That twinge of guilt came back.

"I don't know how you're managing to do this, keep these two guys straight, not get things all mixed up."

I winced. "Well, Jake's been out of town, so it hasn't been all that difficult. And I really don't know when he's coming back. He's never given me a date."

***

I left work early on Friday, driving straight to Chase's ranch. I'd packed a bag before I left work. And planning ahead, I'd bought the cat an automated feeder and watering gizmo and pronounced myself guilt free in regards to him and his care for the next few days.

I got to the ranch a little after dark. The porch lights were on, and the house looked warm and inviting. Chase was out the door and down the porch steps before I was out of the car.

"Welcome. How was the drive? You made good time." He had me against him, arms around me, kissing me before I had a chance to even answer.

He took my bag from the car, leading me up to the master bedroom. "You'll bunk with me, if that's okay with you." He winked.

I laughed. "I wouldn't have it any other way."

"Are you hungry? Rachel's left some of her rosemary chicken and mixed vegetable something or other. I don't know what it's really called, but it's excellent."

Chase served me another amazing plate of food, complete with cherry cobbler for dessert. After we finished, he took me out to the back porch. There was only one soft light burning, casting shadows over the rough-hewn log siding. He took me down to the end of the porch, to a swing suspended by chains from the ceiling. We sat for a long time, nursing the beer we'd brought, swinging slowly back and forth. Eventually Chase spoke.

"I love this place at night. It's quiet, except for the crickets. But even those are better than cars and trucks and city noises. I may have wanted to run away from this all, but I'm a country boy at heart."

I took a swallow of my beer. "I'm always amazed by how dark it is away from the city. You never get this kind of dark with city lights."

He laughed softly. "This kind of dark? Is there another kind of dark where you come from?"

I tried kicking his leg but only managed to set the swing moving in an elliptical arc. Chase toed the porch floor with his boot, slowing the movement, setting us on a smooth course once again.

"You know what I mean. It's never dark in the city. There's always light coming from somewhere."

Chase chuckled, taking another swig of his beer.

"I'm glad you decided to come out for the road trip."

He wrapped an arm around my shoulder, pulling me against him. His lips followed, softly caressing my neck, up to my ear, his tongue tracing lightly over my skin. Hands followed, gently moving over my body, leaving trails of heat along my skin.

After a time he rose, silently taking my hand and leading me through the darkened house, up the stairs to his room. With gentle fingers he undid the buttons on my blouse, slowly pulling it away from my body. He bent his head to my br**sts, his lips brushing across the round fullness.

I watched as he moved from one breast to the other, his hands sliding around to my back, expertly undoing the clasp of my bra. He pulled it away, nuzzling my exposed skin, rubbing his cheek slowly against each, raining soft kisses over them.

My fingers threaded through his hair, holding him against me, breathing in his scent; smelling faintly of leather and hay, spicy and wild. And totally arousing. I felt that deep throbbing start low in my body, my breath going shallow, heart beating faster.

Chase lifted his head, taking my lips in a deep kiss, slow and passionate, his tongue lingering in my mouth. I responded to his slowness, his gentleness, surprised by this side of him.

He guided me toward the bed, shedding his shirt along the way, his fingers undoing the snap and zipper of our jeans, sliding them down my legs before removing his.

"No buttons on the floor tonight?" I looked at him in the low light of the single lamp in the room, his face soft, his eyes hooded.

His laugh was a gentle rumble. "It's early. We have all night and I want this night to last, to be one you'll remember."

Chase pulled the covers back on the bed, slowly lowering me down onto the cool sheets, stretching out alongside me.

And he was good to his word. We spent hours slowly exploring each other's bodies with fingertips and hands, lips and tongues. Chase spent what seemed like hours kissing my br**sts, tracing circles on my skin with his fingers and tongue, sucking my n**ples until they were hard, until I was arching up against his mouth.

I ran my hands down his chest and over his flat stomach, the muscles rippling beneath my fingers. My hand brushed against the head of his cock, eliciting a low groan from Chase. I held his c*ck in my hand, rhythmically squeezing and releasing him, moving down from time to time to fondle his balls, rolling them slowly between my fingers.

We were moving against each other, hot bodies barely touching but that touch just enough to light a searing fire inside of me.

By the time Chase took me, I was ready, my senses heightened from his prolonged attention to my body. I was almost vibrating at a high pitch, but my limbs languid and slow moving.

He entered me slowly, his first thrust filling me completely, making me draw in a long breath, exhaling in a soft gasp. In the dim light, as he held himself above me, I watched his face, the wild edge in his eyes I'd come to expect softened, mellowed.

Our bodies moved as one, long slow strokes from Chase, as I rocked my h*ps up to meet him. This pace carried us for a long time, fueled by passionate kisses claiming my mouth and Chase's renewed attention to my br**sts, sucking them greedily now as he thrust into me.

Chase lifted his head, holding my face between his hands. His eyes traveled over my face, the curve of my lips, taking everything in.

"You are one beautiful woman, Abby. I'm so damned lucky to have found you." He kissed me again, his body moving faster, his thrusts harder.

We built to a crescendo quickly, desire flooding through me, my body no longer languid, but insistent, wanting more, the intensity of our movements increasing.

Chase broke away from my mouth with a gasp, burying his head in my shoulder, his breath rasping in my ear. I ran my hands over his back, feeling the muscles taut beneath his skin as he thrust into me.

When I came it was with a force that surprised me, took my breath away, made me arch up against Chase in a silent scream. He lifted his head, watching me, taking in every nuance of pleasure that passed across my face. When I finally took a deep ragged breath, I heard him exhale, as if he were holding his breath with me.

In that exhalation, I felt him release, felt the pounding and pulsing of his c*ck as he came inside me. His next breath was a cry of pleasure mixed with something dark, the wild side of Chase coming out in the end. He pounded into me feverishly for several seconds, his body taking control, h*ps lost to his control in that delicious dance.

I wondered if that felt like subspace for him, that uncontrollable thrusting, that moment of release when there was no more holding back, just leaping forward.

We relaxed slowly, letting our bodies adjust, shifting arms and legs, like water finding its own level. I was on the verge of sleep, Chase's arms wrapped tight around me, my back nestled against his chest, when he spoke.

"I really like that you're here, Abby." His voice was dreamy and I wasn't sure if he was on the edge of sleep.

"I like being here too. It's nicer than driving up early in the morning." I snuggled closer.

"No, I meant I like having you here, period," he murmured into my hair. "You should be here all the time."

I shifted in his arms, suddenly awake. But Chase was already asleep. That was just a random thought, on the edge of sleep.

But it was a long time before I fell asleep.

***

It was pitch black in the bedroom when the alarm went off. Chase stirred beside me, fumbling briefly with the alarm before collapsing back onto the bed. I burrowed under the covers, curling up next to his chest. He wrapped one arm around my shoulders, pulling me close.

"Don't get too comfortable. We need to leave as soon as it's light. I want to get to the Paradise Ranch early, before anyone else gets a look at this filly. She's supposed to be something special."

Eventually I managed to get out of bed, after much cajoling from Chase. I'd have preferred another long session of love making, but he was insistent that we needed to get going. I decided if there were horses involved, he was impossible to derail.

Chase had gone down to the kitchen to start coffee and breakfast while I took a shower. There were a modest selection of soaps and shampoos, all masculine and spicy scented. I stayed as long as I dared under the hot water, conscious of Chase's desire to get on the road. I finally pronounced myself clean, got dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, grabbed a jacket and headed downstairs.

"Rachel's down at the bunkhouse making breakfast, so you're at the mercy of my culinary skills again."

I could smell eggs and bacon, and a steaming mug of coffee was waiting for me on the counter.

"It's just a quick omelet with cheese and bacon. The eggs are from the neighbor to the south; the bacon's from the neighbor to the north. Can't get much closer to home than that, or much fresher."

I took a sip of coffee, blinking at its strength. Chase caught my reaction and laughed.

"Not used to cowboy coffee? You're a city girl; I forgot. I tend to make it strong. In the future, I'll remember to cut back on the grounds and increase the water. Here, this might help."

He pushed a ceramic creamer toward me. I added a generous amount and took another tentative sip.

"Oh, much better." And it was - smooth and creamy, and tolerable.

"How far is this Paradise Ranch?"

Chase had his back to me, finishing the eggs. He slid them onto a plate, adding a dash of salt and grinding of fresh pepper, before setting the plate down in front of me.

"About two hours north of here. It's a small place but they turn out some great little fillies. I'm going to need to add some depth to the stock some time and I think this might be my girl."

Chase sat next to me, digging in to his eggs. I did likewise.

"These are really good," I said through a mouthful of cheese and crumbly bacon. I'm not a breakfast girl, but I'd gladly eat this on a daily basis.

Chase was done with his eggs before I was and piling dishes in the dishwasher while I hurried to finish, draining my coffee cup. I got the distinct feeling there would be no second cups of coffee this morning.

"Come on, get whatever you're taking and I'll meet you outside. You'll need a jacket and probably a scarf. Otherwise, we're traveling light. Lunch will be somewhere between here and there. There are a couple diners along the route back home that serve up good food. My treat." He winked, his roguish smile making me laugh. And then he was out the door.

By the time I got outside, I could hear the throaty roar of a motorcycle. Chase appeared around the corner of the house on something large and shiny, chrome winking in the morning sun. I was speechless. Motorcycles ranked right up there with large animals on my list of things to avoid.

"You don't look too thrilled with your chariot for the day, my lady." Chase turned off the machine, swinging one long leg over it as he got off.

"I have no idea how to ride that thing." I was still standing on the top step of the porch, hesitant to even approach it. Everything about it looked loud and dangerous and I already felt exposed, just standing on the porch.

"It's easy. You just climb on behind me, hang on and let me do all the work. You follow my body, lean when I lean, straighten up when I do and just hang on." Chase stood at the bottom of the stairs, holding out his hand.

"Come on, Abby. It'll be fun. The wind through your hair...or over your helmet. It's a great feeling." He twitched his fingers and I had the impression he used the same gesture with horses that were reluctant to do whatever it was he wanted them to do.

"Okay. But go slow." I walked down one step. Chase smiled, taking my hand. He helped me into a helmet that seemed very fragile but which he assured me would keep me safe. He donned his and then showed me how to get on the beast. He sat in front of me and I instantly wrapped my arms around his waist.

"Abby, I need to breathe. Loosen up a little." He looked at me over his shoulder. "Ready?"

I didn't have a chance to answer. The big machine roared to life and we were off down the driveway and out on to the road in front of the ranch. I had no idea how fast we were going but we seemed to be flying over the blacktop.

Once we hit the main highway heading north I finally relaxed my death grip on Chase's body. I found once I relaxed, the ride became much more enjoyable. The fields were green, ranches visible in the distance at the end of long driveways. There were pastures full of horses and cattle, all of it under a cloudless blue sky that seemed to stretch for miles.

We stopped once for a break, my body a bit stiff but otherwise unscathed. I took off my helmet and Chase burst out laughing.

My hand went immediately to my hair, thinking it must be a mess. But Chase was shaking his head.

"No, darling, it's not your hair." He took a deep breath, finally gaining control.

"You have the biggest grin on your face. If I didn't know better, I'd think you were enjoying yourself on the bike."

I had to agree; I was enjoying myself and I did have a huge grin plastered on my face.

"Okay. I can admit when I'm wrong. I'm having a great time." That got me a big hug and kiss and then we were back on the road.

We got to Paradise Ranch well before noon. The sun was hot, hotter than I realized once we were off the bike.

Jake Rodgers, the owner of the ranch, met us, shaking hands with Chase, tipping his hat to me. He led us out to a nearby paddock with several horses grazing in the lush grass.

"She's the chestnut there, on the right." Rodgers pointed and I followed his direction. I have no idea what makes good horse flesh, but she sure was pretty.

There was a long discussion between Chase and Rodgers, much of which I did not understand. I wandered down the paddock fence, watching the horses graze, idly pulling the seed heads from a blade of grass.

I was still standing there, gazing off into the distance when I felt hands on my hips. Chase nuzzled my neck, arms wrapping around my waist. I leaned back against him, breathing in the warm air, scented with grass, horse and Chase.

"How'd the negotiations go?" I asked.

"Good. She's mine. Comes from a long line of good stock, she's got all her papers...and the price was right."

I turned to face him. "That's wonderful. What's her name?" Things like that seemed just as important to me as papers and lineage.

"Well, Rodgers calls her 'Mary Jo', after his wife." He shook his head.

"She's got a nice proper name that reflects her lineage, but I'm planning on calling her 'Abby's Smile'...'Abby' for short."

He was looking down at me, his eyes dancing, that roguish grin on his face. For the second time that day I was speechless.

"Cat got your tongue? I like you, I like your name and I want to remember that smile you have on your face." He pulled me close.

"Although it was a huge grin, but 'Abby's Grin' just sounds silly."

I pulled him down to me, kissing him hard. I think there were tears in my eyes when I finally let him go. There was a surprised look on his face.

"What was that for? Not that I'm complaining..." He smiled.

"No one's ever named a horse for me before. I'm touched."

Chase brushed a strand of hair from my forehead, then ran his finger down my nose. "You're getting sunburned." He kissed my nose.

"It's cute. But I think we should be heading back. All this wheeling and dealing has given me quite an appetite."

***

The storm clouds began gathering while we were eating lunch. We didn't see them until one of the ranchers at the diner came in complaining the rain was going to keep him out of the fields for the day.

"We need to get going then, if there's rain. One thing about riding a bike, you don't want to do it in the rain. And you don't have any rain gear."

He paid up and we were on the road, headed south. The big ugly clouds to the west were growing at an alarming rate. Chase was pushing the speed on the bike, or at least it felt like he was. We seemed to be going faster than on the trip up.

The first lighting strike made me jump, squeezing Chase hard. The sound of the thunder was lost in the roar of the bike. The second strike was accompanied by a smattering of raindrops.

Chase pointed off to the right; there seemed to be a wall of dark gray hanging down from the clouds with flashing lights embedded in its depths.

Almost without slowing Chase turned down a dirt lane, heading away from the storm. I could feel the wind change, the smell of ozone on the air, a chill that made the hair on my arms stand on end. I peered over Chase's shoulder, just able to make out a small barn at the end of the road.

Chase pulled up to the barn, had me get off and get inside, and then maneuvered the bike through the door. There was enough room for the bike and us, pushed up against several hay bales, well back from the opening. Once we were inside, we realized the barn had no door to close.

Within seconds the walls shook as the first waves of wind-blown rain and hail lashed the building. The world grew dark, the wind very loud. Lightening flashed, followed by the distant rumble of thunder.

"Well, looks like we made it here just in time." Chase was looking out the open door of the barn, watching the waterfall in sheets, the hail bounce on the ground.

"Nothing about this was on the weather forecast. Must have blown up pretty quickly. Hopefully it'll blow over just as fast."

Chase turned back to me. "Hey, you're shivering. You're all wet." He pulled me close to him, against the warmth of his body, rubbing my arms. I could smell the rain on his shirt, the musty hay smell of the barn, the engine smell of the motorcycle.

"Let's get this off, maybe it'll dry before we leave." He tugged at the hem of my t-shirt, pulling it over my hair. With great ceremony he draped it over the handlebars of the bike.

I reached out, touching the sleeve of his shirt. "You're wet too. You should probably take this off." I winked up at him.

My fingers reached for the buttons, slowly undoing them as Chase watched, his eyes dark, as my hands brushed against his warm skin. My breath caught in my throat as I uncovered him slowly, his broad shoulders and chest, muscular arms. I stripped the damp fabric off of his body, spreading the shirt over the back of the bike.

When I turned back, there was a fire in Chase's eyes, a fire that matched my own. We came together in a rush, hungry for each other, as we were new to each other. Chase's mouth found mine, insistent, devouring; his arms wrapped around me, pulling me hard against him, hands moving over my back.

"Jeans, off. Now." Chase growled the words against my mouth. We broke away from each other with a gasp. Chase's eyes took in every movement I made as I stripped the damp jeans down my legs.

"Jesus, Abby." He reached for me, almost blindly, pulling me against his nak*d body, his hands sliding down my back, cupping my ass, fingers pulling and tugging at my panties.

"What you do to me." With one abrupt motion, he tore the panties; the remnants sliding down my legs. His hands slid up to my bra, tugging at the straps. My hands followed, holding his, stopping them from destroying all my lingerie in one fell swoop.

"Don't tear the bra, please." I reached back, undoing the clasp, letting it slide down my arms. His hands were on my br**sts, cupping them, pushing them together, watching his dark hands move over my pale skin.

He slid his hands back down to my ass, clutching, groping, his lips nuzzling my neck. Suddenly he picked me up. I slid my legs up his thick thighs, wrapping them around his hips. He took two steps forward, setting me on a hay bale.

I was momentarily surprised by the prickliness of the hay against my skin, but Chase was pressing me back, his body between my legs. He took one nipple into his mouth, sucking hard, sending little frissons of pleasure through my body.

But I wanted him inside me, more than I'd ever wanted anyone, it seemed. The wild storm outside, the rushing wind and hail, the flashes of light followed by the crack and peal of thunder, I felt like all of that was inside of me, building to an impossible crescendo. I needed Chase to release it, to let me be swept away by it, to let me be wild with him.

"Now, Chase. Please...now!"

He raised his head, looking at me a moment, his face shadowy in the dim light.

"What do you want, Abby? Tell me, say the words. Don't be afraid of what you feel." His voice was low, seductive.

"I'm not afraid. I want you...I need you to take me, Chase. Hard." I was panting, my heart racing. There was no way he wouldn't do what I wanted, but he seemed intent on teasing me.

"I don't think I've ever heard you say 'fuck me.' Have you ever said that, Abby?"

His c*ck was brushing against the inside of my thigh, so very close. I wiggled beneath him, the hay scratching my back, seeking contact.

"Say it, Abby. Say what you want. Tell me." He smiled, a very wicked gleam in his eye.

"Say all those dirty words you've never said out loud. Say them to me, Abby."

I struggled up on my elbows, blood pounding in my head, matching the thunder and drumming of the rain outside.

"Oh, Chase...fuck me, please..." I was breathing hard.

"Is that what you want?" He was breathing as hard as I was, our eyes locked together.

"Yes." I grabbed the back of his head, pulling him to me, his face inches from mine.

Chase's hungry smile was smothered against my mouth as I pulled him close, my kiss as brutal as any I'd had from him.

He did f**k me then, and hard, just as I asked. Something was unleashed inside me, something just as wild as what I sensed in Chase, and I screamed and cried out, raked my nails across his back, thrust my body against him as hard as I could.

I came quickly, unexpectedly, and it was almost overwhelming. My body arched up against Chase, as he pulled me hard against him, one arm braced on the hay bale. He held me while I shook, my body lost to the sensations that swept through me, carried me some place far away, crashed and tossed me about and then ebbed away, leaving me limp in his embrace.

I opened my eyes, looking up at Chase. He was watching me, a look of wonder on his face, frowning slightly.

"You okay, Abby?"

I lay back on the hay, breathing hard, my heart still hammering in my chest.

"Yeah. Wow..." I was aware Chase was still inside me, not moving, but still hard. I placed my hand on his chest, feeling his heart beating just as hard as mine.

"Chase...." I caressed his face with my fingertips, slowly rocking my hips, feeling him move inside me.

He gave me a questioning look. I nodded my head and he began moving inside me, whatever restraint he'd been exercising now gone. He thrust fast and hard, coming quickly with a loud tearing cry, his body shuddering beneath my hands as I held him to me, cradling his head on my shoulder.

When he was done, he stayed flung across my body, breathing hard, his back slick with sweat. I realized that it was quiet outside, the rain had stopped, so quiet now that I could hear Chase breathing.

He pushed himself up from me, groaning theatrically, pulling me to my feet. Smiling, he plucked a stray piece of hay out of my hair before pulling me close, holding me against his chest.

"You know, you look so beautiful with you are coming, Abby. Sometimes I wish I could follow you wherever it is you go."

"You can't follow, Chase...because you're leading me." I looked up, embarrassed by the warmth of my words, running my fingers down his cheek. He took my hand, kissing my fingertips.

"I'll take you there anytime you want, Abby."

***

The sun was brilliant on the ride back, the world all shiny and clean after the rain, the dust settled on the back roads. We got back to Chase's ranch in the late afternoon.

"You want a shower before dinner or after?" He'd put the bike away; we'd come in to the kitchen through the back porch door.

"I want one now, with you."

I caught Chase off guard. He turned, smiling.

"So, now it's like that, is it?" He pulled me against him, lips on mine in a lingering kiss.

"Drop everything and do as you say?"

I looked up at him, laughing. "You asked. And I answered."

***

The shower turned out to be an invitation to a bath in the most amazing tub I'd ever seen. Chase had taken me upstairs to his bedroom, stripping me of my damp and dusty clothes, apologizing for the torn panties.

"I'll buy you new ones, lots of new ones, enough to tear one off of you every day of the week."

The bathroom off the master bath was a huge affair, with a steam shower large enough for more than two. But the centerpiece was a raised tub at least seven feet long, wide enough for two side-by-side and deep enough to bathe a horse.

"Chase, this is huge."

He was filling the tub, adding something bubbly and wonderfully scented, fresh and citrusy. There were a few candles lit on the counter and the edge of the tub.

"Do you frequently take bubble baths? With scented candles?" It seemed such a contrast to the rough and tumble rancher image I had of him, to imagine him soaking in a tub of bubbles by candle light, and despite my best efforts, I giggled.

He straightened, giving me a scowl.

"There's nothing better than a long soak in hot water after an afternoon of breaking horses. We used to use the horse trough out behind the barn when I was growing up." He nodded at the tub.

"This is a far cry more comfortable, especially for two." He took a step toward me with such purpose, I backed up.

"Unless you want me to dunk you in the tank out behind the barn? I'd be more than happy to do that, if you're not happy with the current accommodations."

Then he burst out laughing. "Abby, you should see your face. Never play poker, that's my advice to you, first and last. Never play poker. You're holding a deuce and a seven, the hammer, and wondering if you should bluff."

He pulled me against him, kissing me hard. "I'm calling your bluff and we're taking a bath."

The water was silky smooth, almost too hot, but not quite. Chase hit a switch somewhere and the water gently swirled around us. He settled back in the tub, nestling me between his outstretched legs, my back against his chest. His arms rested comfortably on the wide edge of the tub and I rested my head on his shoulder, my body floating gently in the water.

If I shifted just right, I could feel his c*ck poking me in the back, or along my thighs or brushing against my ass. There was no rush, neither of us feeling the need to do more than just let the water swirl around us, warm and soothing, our bodies touching in the warm water. There seemed to be all the time in the world for the two of us to be together, to do whatever was going to come next.

Eventually Chase began running his hands across my br**sts, the water making them deliciously slippery. One hand slid lower, cupping itself between my legs, slowly rubbing and touching, his fingers drawing lazy circles around my clit, slipping lower every so often to slide deeper into me.

I let my body relax, let my legs fall open, gave him all the room he needed. I watched his hand for a little bit, entranced by the motion of his fingers, the bubbles that were left in the tub moving away from the motion of hand. Then I leaned back, closing my eyes, letting him have his way with me. He was patient and slow, starting a fire that slowly built, the heat rising through my body.

It soon became impossible for me not to feel his erection touching me or his h*ps moving beneath the water. And I wanted to feel him, inside me, surrounded by all this warmth.

The tub was wide enough for me to turn around, facing Chase, my legs wrapped around his waist. I settled myself down on him, his c*ck slowly sliding into me.

He drew a breath, looking up into my face. I rocked my h*ps back and forth, tiny movements that seemed just enough. The light outside had grown dim, the candles the only light in the room now.

In the soft glow I saw such tenderness in Chase's eyes, something I hadn't seen before. It made my heart swell, something I'd only read about in romance novels, but that's what it did. There were sudden tears in my eyes at the raw emotion I saw on Chase's face.

He came quietly, his face against my chest, arms tight around my body, the only sounds a soft exhalation that might have been my name. I held him a long time after that, rocking slowly in the water.

***

We ate the dinner Rachel had left, sitting down at one end of the long dining room table. I was beginning to think the woman was a ghost, leaving behind delicious food before heading back to the spirit realm.

"No, she's real. But she's got a sixth sense about when I'm here or not. I rarely see her. We get along great, but she's territorial about her kitchen when she's in it, so I give her a wide birth and she cooks when I'm out. And she's got the men to cook for, out in the bunkhouse kitchen. So she's a busy woman."

"Does she live here on the ranch?" I was devouring a small plate of casserole, something creamy and delicate, with what I suspected were homemade noodles.

"No, she's from town. But she's here early, stays late and doesn't complain. Or, rarely complains. But when she's got something to say, you'll know it. She's never been one to keep her peace if she's got something she thinks needs saying. And she rules the roost out in the bunkhouse. Those men toe the line she draws. I've told her time and again I have a place for her at the club; she'd make an excellent dominatrix."

I laughed. "Do you miss the club? You don't talk about it much."

He chewed in silence for a moment. "You know, I haven't thought about it much, at least not when you're around. You're a good distraction." There was another moment of silence.

"You know, I meant what I said last night." His voice was low.

"Last night?" I looked down at my plate, knowing I was blushing.

"When I said you should be here all the time. I meant it." He was still watching me. I played with my food, my mouth suddenly dry, heart thumping wildly. Calm down, Abby. Take a breath.

He reached across the table, taking my hand. "I don't say these things on a whim, Abby."

I looked up at Chase. "I don't know what to say."

"Don't say anything. I'm putting it out there. It's what I do. You should know by now I don't hold back, in anything. When I want something, I go after it. When I like something, I buy it. When I find a woman that does to me what you do, makes me feel like I do, I want her around me, as much as possible."

"How do you feel?" My voice was barely a whisper. I managed to hold his gaze.

"Do you want a declaration of love? I can't give you that...yet. My heart isn't easily given away; it's been trampled too many times. I can tell you that in the short time I've known you, I've grown to like you quite a bit, for a city girl. I enjoy our time together. You've become an important part of my life. I look forward to seeing you and I miss you when you're gone."

He rubbed his nose, a sheepish grin back on his face. "To be honest, I wouldn't let Marie change my sheets after you left last week. They smelled like you...like us...and I didn't want to give that up. She finally got them off the bed when I wasn't paying attention."

He stood suddenly, holding out his hand, smiling down at me. "Come on, let's dance."

"Who would have thought that you were such a romantic," I teased, my eyes lit up with desire.

I took his hand and he led me down the hall to the living room. There was a collection of electronics on a bookcase and he punched a few buttons. Music filled the room, apparently from some artfully hidden speakers.

"Oh, Robin Hood. I remember this."

Chase took me in his arms, holding me close, my head resting on his shoulder. I let him slowly dancing me across the floor to the raspy, sexy voice of Bryan Adams.

"You're right. I am a romantic. I just hide it well from the rest of the world."

"You hide behind whips and chains?" I closed my eyes, inhaling his scent, the citrusy smell of our bath still lingering on his skin.

"Sometimes. It's an easy way to cover up a lot of things I'd rather not think about."

We were quiet, Chase humming softly with the song, expertly guiding me. I felt comfortable and content.

The song ended. I sighed, not wanting to move. Something I didn't recognize began playing but we didn't dance. I lifted my face, Chase's lips soft on mine, his kiss as gentle and slow as the music.

***

It was late Sunday when I got back to my apartment. The cat was needy, but well fed.

There were several messages on the machine. I was sorting the mail, listening with half an ear, hearing Leslie's voice, then my mother's. The next voice made my hands freeze, the mail falling back on the desk, now forgotten. It was Jake.

"Abby, where are you? I've been trying to reach you since Friday. I'm back home and I want to see you. Call me."

***

I fished my cell phone out of my purse. It was turned off. I didn't remember doing that. Flicking it back on and there were three messages from Jake. I didn't bother listening to them. I didn't want to hear the worry in his voice; that was clearly evident on the message on my home phone.

My fingers trembled as I dialed Jake's number. It rang just long enough that I thought I could hang up, but then his voice was there.

"Abby? How are you?"

"I'm fine. Sorry about not getting your messages. I was out of town and my cell phone got turned off somehow."

There was silence for a moment. I pictured Jake, tall and dark, so handsome it almost hurt to look at him. And I realized how much I'd missed him, and how much I'd enjoyed being with Chase.

"I want to see you, Abby. I've missed you."

"I've missed you, Jake. More than I thought I would. Can we have dinner tomorrow night?"

"Absolutely." There was a smile in his voice. "I'll pick you up at eight."

***

I was ready an hour early Monday night, pacing back and forth. I was really excited to see Jake, to hear how his trip had been. But most of all, I wanted his reassuring presence, the comfort of his arms around me.

There was something in Jake that made me feel safe, cherished...loved. Chase made me feel almost like a horse...one of his fillies. Loved as a possession, not necessarily for myself.

But Chase had unlocked something deep and primal in me, led me down some dark paths to experiences I'd never had with anyone.

Jake was my dominant. I turned that relationship over in my mind, wondering how I felt about that now. Did I still want to explore relationship that with Jake? To be his submissive, to give control to him in return for a different kind of wild ride?

I didn't know if Jake had it in him as a dominant, the way Chase did, to take me to those places.

I was certain thought that Jake, as a lover, could take me anywhere I wanted to go. Jake had the passion, if he'd let himself go and he fueled my passions in a different, but no less exciting way, than Chase did.

The doorbell interrupted my swirling thoughts. Jake was there, tall and dark, blue eyes sweeping over me.

Without hesitation, I pulled him against me, winding my arms around his neck. My mouth found his, my kiss urgent, my body suddenly needing him in a way that startled me.

I pulled him into the apartment, pushing the door shut with a slam. He broke away, looking down at me.

"Abby..."

I didn't let him continue. "The hell with dinner, Jake. Make love to me. Now."

I pulled him down the hall to my bedroom. He had the sense not to argue but I could see a shadow of confusion cross his face.

But that left him as I pulled at his shirt, undoing the buttons with eager fingers. His hands reached for my blouse, pulling it over my head. We made quick work of the rest of our clothing, falling onto the bed.

Jake pulled me against his body, my fingers running eagerly over his chest, loving the feel of his lean frame, my hands running down the familiar contours of his body, over the flat plane of his stomach, the rise of his erection.

We were a tangle of arms and legs, Jake's hands squeezing my br**sts, reaching down to cup my ass. Our lips were seeking, tongues probing each other's mouths, reclaiming forgotten territory.

I pushed Jake over on his back, straddling his hips. His hands reached up, pulling me down to him, his lips finding my br**sts, running his tongue over my skin.

I could feel his erection pressing against my inner thigh, hot and hard, and suddenly I wanted him inside me. Pulling away from Jake, I sat back, rising up on my knees. Jake was watching me, eyes taking in every part of me.

"God, Abby, I think you're more beautiful than ever. You look amazing. I really have missed you, not just this..." he waved his hand "...but you. I've missed you, Abby."

"I've missed you too, Jake. More than I thought I would." I reached down, taking his erection in my hand, stroking him slowly, sitting back on his thighs for a moment, loving the feeling of his hard c*ck in my hand.

Jake shifted beneath me, his h*ps rising in time with my thrusts. I rose up, rubbing the head of his c*ck against my p**sy, circling my cl*t with it, sliding just the head into my body.

I held him there a moment, watching his face, feeling him pressing against me, seeking to thrust into me. I took a deep breath, letting myself down on him, feeling him thrust up, meeting me. We both exhaled at the same time.

"Oh, god, Abby. I've missed this, to be inside you. God, how I've missed this."

I leaned down, my mouth on his, my tongue flicking over his lips, brushing against his, moaning softly against him. Jake began moving beneath me, his h*ps rising and falling, the delicious length of his c*ck filling me.

We were moving faster, each of us now urgent in our desire to return to the familiar, to the feeling of our bodies working tougher as one, the delicious melding that we'd experienced before.

I sat back at one point, riding him hard, my hands on his narrow waist, loving being in control, grinding down on his h*ps with my body. Jake was holding my hips, his fingers digging in slightly, as his h*ps rose beneath me.

Eventually, he shifted, bracing his feet on the bed, changing the angle of his thrusts into me. I could feel his thighs brushing against my ass, his movements making the bed shake. He was grunting with each stroke, almost a sound of frustration.

"Abby...oh, god." There was a subtle shift in momentum between us; I was ready to let him take over, have control.

I rolled over, keeping Jake inside me, wanting him to use me for his pleasure and take me along for the ride. I pulled my legs wide, letting him thrust as hard as he wanted, needed, into me. He spread his legs, bracing his thighs against mine, arms on either side of my shoulders.

He was breathing hard, his eyes locked on my face with that intense and penetrating gaze I loved. I reached up, stroking his face and he turned his head, kissing the palm of my hand, closing his eyes.

Jake came with such suddenness I think surprised both of us. There was a brief moment where he hung in the balance between holding back and letting go and then he was making short sharp jabs into me, his h*ps pivoting from side to side, his warmth filling me. He buried his head on my shoulder as his body continued moving, spurts and twitches inside me.

I rolled up to meet him, my body pulling at him, wanting him deeper inside me. My h*ps were grinding up against him, my legs almost wrapped around his shoulders when I came. I felt like I could be split open, taking him so far inside me. There seemed no end to the waves of pleasure that ran through me. The blood was pounding in my head; my ears filled with the sound of it, of my voice and of Jake's, his muffled against my neck.

It was a long time later when Jake lifted his head, brushing the hair back from my forehead. He kissed the end of my nose, smiling down at me.

"So much for the dinner reservations." He rose up on one elbow.

"Your nose is sunburned. You must have gotten some sun over the weekend."

I felt myself blush, hoping the dark would hide it or it looked like the flush of passion.

"Um...yeah, a little bit. Are you hungry? We could order pizza, if you like."

We did order pizza, sitting cross-legged in my bed, seemingly unable to leave the comfort of the tangled sheets and blankets.

It was a long time before we slept. Jake took me again, slowly, our initial appetites sated, but a deep lingering hunger was still there. It seemed we couldn't get enough of each other, and we spent most of the night locked in some kind of embrace. We eventually fell asleep in an exhausted tangle of arms and legs.

My alarm went off much too soon. I couldn't afford to miss any more work and this was Jake's first day back in the office. We took a brief but highly sensual shower together, got dressed and parted ways on the street.

"I'll call you later." Jake kissed me hard, leaving me at my car, sprinting off down the street to his, parked at the curb. I saw him pull a parking ticket from under the wiper and stuff it in his pocket. Lucky he didn't get towed.

I was in a foggy state of sleep deprivation and general confusion at work. I stumbled through several client meetings, managed not to upset my boss too badly and finally collapsed in my office chair after lunch. I was just attempting to sort through my email, listening to voice mails. There was one from Jake which made me blush, asking me for a session on Saturday. I was just picking up the phone to call him when it rang. I pulled my hand back, startled.

"Hello, beautiful girl. How are you today? I've missed you." Chase.

"I'm fine. Busy. It's been a hectic day. You know, Monday and all."

Chase laughed softly. I could imagine what it sounded like, when I had my head on his chest, the way it rumbled beneath my ear. "Abby, you do realize today is Tuesday. You must really be having a bad day if it's a Monday all over again."

I cringed, shaking my head. "My brain is all scattered today. Yes, it's Tuesday. I know that." Stop talking, Abby, just stop now.

"I'd like to see you again this weekend. Come up on Friday, stay until Sunday. That old tom cat you've got can do without you for the whole weekend, can't he?"

I had the fleeting thought that he was talking about Jake, but realized he actually meant my cat. But I also remembered Jake wanted a session on Saturday. Oh, crap.

But I wanted to see Jake, wanted a session with him. I missed that part of our relationship, not just him. I took a deep breath.

"I have plans for this weekend, Chase. I'll have to take a rain check." I closed my eyes, hoping he wouldn't ask me for details. I wasn't awake enough to do any mental gymnastics at the moment.

There was silence on the other end of the line. "I see. Okay. How about dinner at my condo on Friday, say seven? If you like, you can come to the club with me, not as a sub, but as my guest. You might enjoy the surroundings a little more this time. Take in the ambience, so to speak."

I let out a mental sigh of relief. The thought of going to the club was interesting, something I thought I'd like now that I'd gotten my feet wet, so to speak.

"Yes, that's a great idea. Dinner and the club."

"You'll be home, safe in your own bed by Saturday morning. I promise not to tie you up and leave you there, as a captive." There was the briefest pause, in which my mind leapt to all sorts of wild conclusions. And then he laughed again, Chase's warm laugh, making me smile.

"You're only allowed to tie me up in public, Chase, not in private. I don't think I trust you enough yet."

There was a smile in his voice. "I agree. You never know what I have up my sleeve."

He left me again with explicit directions to his condo. After I hung up, I rested my head on my desk. What the hell are you doing? You've never managed one relationship successfully, much less juggling two men at the same time.

***

I called Jake back, setting a session for Saturday afternoon, late. We talked a bit about what we'd explore this time.

"Do you have anything you want to try? Something you've been wanting to experience?"

My mind was still foggy. "I'll think about it and let you know. Right now, I'm sleep deprived."

"Same here. But it's for a good reason. When I was traveling I didn't sleep well. I thought about you, wished you were there with me."

I blinked. "I missed you too, Jake." But I couldn't tell him that I hadn't thought about him at night. That tiny fractured piece of guilt still resided in my heart, that I had something I didn't want to tell Jake.

I hung up the phone. All I wanted was a hot shower and my bed. As luck would have it, there was a knock on my door. Leslie was standing in the doorway.

"Hey, Abby. You look like three kinds of crap."

"Thanks, Leslie. I feel like three kinds of crap."

She sat down. "Late night with Chase?"

I shook my head. "Late night, early morning with Jake. He's back in town."

"Oh. Wow. And? Did you tell him about Chase?"

I shook my head. "No, and I don't have a reason to. We have this no-strings-attached relationship...but..." I sunk my head into my hands. "I feel guilty."

Leslie nodded her head. "Yeah, I've heard that. So if you have this open kind of thing, why the guilt?"

"I don't know. Maybe because Jake's the first guy in a long time who seems to love me? I mean really, truly loves me. And I don't want to hurt him."

Leslie sat forward. "You feel guilty because you love him back, don't you?"

There it was. Did I? I didn't know. I dropped my head onto the desk.

"Or...do you love Chase?"

Without lifting my head, I answered. "I don't know. Chase asked me to live with him at the ranch though."

I heard Leslie exhale. "No? Really? Holy shit. When it rains it pours. Did he tell you he loves you, as well?"

I looked up from the desk. "No. That he did not."

"Well, thank God for small favors, right?" Leslie smiled. I said nothing.

Her smile immediately faded. "Oh, no. Him too? You love both of them, don't you." It wasn't a question; it was a statement.

"Leslie, right now I'm too tired to even know my middle name. Ask me on a different day, after I've had some sleep and maybe I'll be able to make sense of it all." I dropped my head back onto the desk with a thud.

It wasn't just my mind that was exhausted from running through the countless thoughts that refused to let me rest. Every scenario imaginable, every choice, every ending; every string of thought played out like a line of paper dolls, whispering through the air, pulled by invisible strings in an unstoppable charade of shadowy figures. These players in my life, the two men that now dominated much more than my body, they controlled my every thought... I couldn't run from them. I had to make sense of all that I was feeling once and for all.

Even if it meant finally losing all control and surrendering my heart.

***

Dinner with Chase; date at the club. My mind, as usual, was overwhelmed with what to wear. On Thursday night, I dug out the box of clothing Jake had sent over for our first time at Chase's club. I didn't want to wear the same outfit; for one, I'd have felt ridiculous having dinner in a leather corset and crotch-length zip-back leather skirt. Besides, the lace-patterned stockings never made it back home with me.

I dumped the box out on my bed. The cat sniffed cautiously at the strange collection of man-made fibers and then curled up on top of a pair of leather pants I'd discarded. After much rummaging and muttering, I found a black dress, long, with a slit up the side that ended somewhere near my waist. The sleeves were loose and flowing, but the bodice and torso fit me like a glove.

Standing in front of the mirror, with my highest heels on, I was actually pleased with the look. The leg that was visible looked eight miles long. The only problem was what to wear underneath. All my lingerie showed, except for one tiny black thong hidden in the bottom of my lingerie drawer. That would have to do. Part of me felt totally exposed, a good gust of wind and I'd have no secrets.

But a bigger part of me liked that feeling. Daring is not a word usually found in my vocabulary, but I really wanted to wear this dress. I wanted to wear it for Chase.

It would take me through dinner without feeling like I was in costume and it wouldn't look out of place at the club. I didn't think Chase was going to strip me down and tie me up again, even though the memory of him doing just that sent a tingle down my spine. It seemed more like I'd be playing hostess to his host.

I shook my head. You're thinking for other people, Abby. Just relax.

Chase's condo was in an upscale part of the city. Again, he'd given impeccable directions and I arrived unscathed, but very early. I rang the buzzer, waited and rang it again. There was a muffled curse on the other side of the door and then Chase was there at the open door, shirtless and barefoot, in just jeans. His hair was damp along the edges, a bit unruly, totally sexy.

"Abby, sorry. I'm running late. Come in." He held the door, ushering me inside, reaching for my coat.

"One of the fillies is due to foal any minute and she looked like she was going to drop it today. But, as fillies are prone to do, she didn't. I wanted to..." he stopped in mid-sentence.

He was holding my coat in his hands, forgotten, his eyes traveling over my body, lingering on certain parts...cl**vage, long legs, back to cl**vage.

"You wanted to? What did you want to do?" I took a step forward, my hand on his chest. I could feel his heart thudding beneath my fingers.

"I have no idea." His voice was low, that honeyed-whiskey voice that drives me wild. He pulled me against him, coat discarded on the floor. His lips found mine, all single-minded passion. His hands were at my back, sliding down to cup my ass. His fingers moved to the side of the dress with the slit. I felt a hesitation in his kiss as his hand found the edge of the dress, moving beneath to explore the nak*d skin of my leg, heading further inside, heading toward my ass.

He looked at me, one brow cocked. "Abby, you're not wearing any panties." His smile was slow, sensuous.

"I'm shocked." He was looking at me as if I were the appetizer before a full course meal.

"You? Shocked? Never...and I am wearing some. See if you can find them." I pulled him back down to me, renewing our kiss. His hand continued exploring beneath the dress, fingers skating over my skin, his fingers sliding into the cleft, briefly snapping the elastic of the thong. I jumped.

"Ah...bingo." He smiled down at me. "You really are full of surprises, aren't you?" He attempted to kiss me again but I held him at arm's length.

"Don't you have a club to get to? And dinner?" I pretended to pout, trying hard to look put-upon and not as aroused as I really felt.

He sighed dramatically. "Ah, yes, my lady." He bowed, waving me toward the dining room table.

"Just let me finish getting dressed. I'll be just a minute. Make yourself comfortable. Drinks are over there..." he waved his hand at a bar in the corner of the dining room before disappearing down the hall.

Chase's condo was a surprise. I'd expected a version of his ranch; warm woods, stone, maybe brick. But this was all sleek gray walls, dark cherry-wood floors and lots of deep blue fabric at the windows and as pillows on the cream colored furniture. It all looked new and shiny. I remembered Chase saying he only was here on the weekends, when he was at the club.

I found a bottle of wine among the liquor, pouring myself a glass. The view from the living room windows was beautiful, the setting sun casting long shadows, the lights of the high-rises looking like stars set in the glass and steel buildings.

Chase's reflection in the glass caught my eye. He was standing behind me, looking out over my shoulder.

"As beautiful as this is, I'd trade it any day for the view from the back porch." His hands were on my shoulders and I leaned back against him. He smelled clean and spicy; I inhaled deeply.

"Come on. Let's eat. I am really making us run late. Stacy will open the club, but I like to be there to greet some of the guests in person."

He led me to the dining room, holding out a chair. The table was some kind of black stone.

"What is this?" I ran my hand over the surface. It wasn't marble, but not hewn stone either.

"Industrial concrete." Chase set a big salad bowl on the table, brimming with tomatoes and spring greens, peppers and slices of purple onion. He continued talking as he moved back and forth between the kitchen and the table.

"The previous owner had it made in place and it's too big to get out the door. Apparently that wasn't well planned by the designer."

Poached salmon appeared next, along with a bowl of new potatoes. He pulled out a chair and sat down.

"Here, give me your plate. I hope you like salmon; it's one thing I can make by myself."

"I do. It smells delicious." Chase served me a portion of salmon, adding potatoes and salad, handing me back a heaping plate.

"So I ended up decorating around the table. It was easier than trying to have it demolished and removed."

"It's very different from the ranch." I bit into the salmon, done to perfection, buttery and delicately seasoned with dill and lemon.

"It is, but it suits me when I'm at the club. I like to keep the two parts of my life a bit separate. I dress differently, this place is different. I don't feel quite as homesick for the ranch if there's nothing here to really remind me of it. It's like having an office. It's nice, you like it, but you wouldn't want to live there, at least not all the time. Still, it's better than a hotel room. And Rachel sometimes sends care packages of food from home."

We ate in silence for a time, enjoying the food.

"Chase, can I ask you a question?" Something had been buzzing around in the back of my mind.

"Sure, darling. Always. Anything you want to know."

"Do you have a submissive now?" I took a drink of wine, amazed at myself. Direct and to the point tonight, aren't we?

He raised his eyebrows. "No, I don't. I haven't had one in, oh, maybe a year or more." He was quiet for a moment, his eyes faraway. It took him a minute to come back from wherever that memory had taken him.

"Are you interested in being my sub?" He looked at me over the rim of his wineglass.

I hesitated just long enough to make Chase smile. But I shook my head. "No. I want to stay with Jake. I wondered though, if you didn't have one, why? Or, if you did, where you had play scenes."

"I see. Jake's still interested in being a Dom then? Good for him. I don't have a sub right now for a lot of reasons. For one, I don't have time to devote to a relationship." He stood, gathering up the dinner plates, taking them to the kitchen.

I had the sense I'd crossed a line, but if I wanted to know what potential this relationship had, I wanted to know it now.

He came back to the table, pulling his chair around close to me, swinging one long leg over the seat, straddling the back.

"The rest of the story: I had a sub, someone I really cared about. But something happened...and the relationship ended." He took a drink from my wine glass.

He swirled the pale liquid around in the glass. "You picked a nice vintage here. I like this one. Fresh, but with a bit of bite in it." He swallowed the rest.

"It's a lot like you, Abby. You've turned out to have quite a bit of bite in you as well." He stood, pushing the chair to the side.

He pulled me up to him, his lips on mine, insistent and hard. Almost too hard. I knew he wasn't drunk but he was rough, holding my arms tightly. I responded to his kiss, but struggled in his grasp. There was a sound of tearing fabric.

"Enough Chase." I pulled away, breathing hard. "Enough."

Chase was looking down at me, a strange mixture of emotions on his face, with guilt eventually overshadowing the rest. He ran a hand through his hair, messing up the thick strands.

"I'm sorry, Abby. I'm not sure... I guess bringing up old memories isn't that easy for me. Let's leave the rest of this conversation for a different time, okay?"

He pulled me toward him. I stiffened, but he murmured some comforting noise against my hair, one I suspected he used on recalcitrant fillies. I let him hold me against his chest, his head resting against mine. We stood like that for a long time, his hands gently rubbing my back, me listening to the steady beat of his heart.

"We really should go." His voice was soft, the words spoken over my head. He held me away from him.

"How much damage did I do to the dress?" He turned me around. I peered over my shoulder as he inspected the fabric.

"Here, there's a little tear at the back of the sleeve. It's not noticeable. I don't think you're going to lose the sleeve." He turned me back to face him.

"Unless I suspend you by your wrists, which I wasn't planning to do. And if I did, I'd undress you first anyway." He kissed my forehead.

"I really am sorry, Abby. Are we okay?"

I nodded. I thought we were. Or at least I hoped we were.

***

The club was open by the time we arrived. Chase took me in through a back door, down a warren of narrow hallways and through the lounge area. The music from the dance floor was already pounding through the wall and the lounge held a smattering of couples and groups.

"Chase! About time you show up." A female voice boomed across the lounge from the direction of Chase's office. I expected to see a giantess, some flaming-haired Amazon striding across the room. But the woman attached to the voice was a diminutive blonde, barely five feet tall, if at all, with lively blue eyes set in a pixie face.

Chase leaned down to kiss her cheek. "Midnight Lace is due any minute and I wanted to watch the birth..."

"But she's not cooperating? Typical female." Her bright gaze turned to me, an open look of curiosity on her face.

Chase's arm was around my waist, and now he pulled me closer, jostling me with his hip.

"Abby, I'd like you to meet Stacy, my right hand everything. She's the glue that holds me together on the weekends. Stacy, this is Abby. She's my guest for the evening."

Stacy extended a delicate hand and I took it, expecting an equally delicate grip. I was surprised when my hand was engulfed in a grip that would have made a rig worker flinch. When she let go I resisted the urge to check for broken bones.

"Nice to meet you. If you need anything and Chase is busy, just find me. Or ask at the bar if I'm not riding herd out here." She glanced around the room.

"I'd better make a tour through the back. We have several of the private rooms booked tonight. The schedule is on your desk. None of those clients are here; I think the first is due in about an hour."

"Thanks, Stacy." Chase kissed her cheek again. She moved off through the crowd, her gazed focused on a couple on the other side of the room, waving a greeting. Chase watched her as she made her way out of the lounge. I wondered what the history was between them, surprised by a sudden pang of jealousy.

"She's amazing. I'd be lost without her."

"How did you meet her?" I seemed to have no control over my mouth tonight.

"Stacy? She was a dancer at a different club. I liked her spunk. She takes no guff from anyone." Chase laughed.

"I saw her drop a six foot six, two hundred fifty pound guy to the floor once at the dance club. She told me later he'd been 'inappropriate' with her during a lap dance. I decided then, if I had a club, I'd want her as the muscle. It's been a match made in heaven."

Chase turned to me, cocking an eyebrow. "I think I see a bit of the green-eyed monster in your very green eyes, Abby." He leaned down, kissing me quickly.

"Don't worry. It's only the horses you have to be jealous of right now."

***

I hadn't really known what to expect from this evening, but it turned out to be very interesting. Chase knew everyone of course, introducing me to people, chatting with many of the members. We stayed mostly in the lounge until almost midnight. The noises from the hall with the public rooms had grown louder. I could hear a crescendo of screams and moans, the smack of something hitting flesh and the definite sound of a whip cracking.

Chase had left me to go greet one of his private clients. He planted a kiss on my forehead.

"I'll be right back. These are very private people. I'd like to get them settled, see what they need. Stacy's around if you need something. Just ask Jack to find her." He nodded at the man behind the bar.

"I'll be fine. I'm going to wander down there." I pointed down the hall where I'd gone with Jake the last time I'd been here, following Chase to my first bondage session with him. It seemed like an eternity ago. The noises I was hearing were making me intensely curious; I hoped some of the rooms were public.

"Okay. I'll find you when I'm done. Just don't get invited in to a session. You're mine now, not to be shared with the rest of the clients." He ran a possessive hand over my back.

"In that dress, you are totally fuckable. And that's my job now, no one else's." And then he was gone.

The first few rooms I went past had the curtains pulled. I could hear noises, had a vague idea of what was happening. In some cases, I longed to twitch the curtain aside just enough to see, but I knew that was bad manners.

There was a small group outside a room ahead and I stood at the back so if I ended up staring open-mouthed, no one would notice.

And I was staring open-mouthed as soon as I figured out what was happening.

A pretty black-haired woman was strapped to a huge X-shaped cross, nak*d except for nipple clamps and a thick spiked dog collar and a coat of red lipstick that made her lips stand out against her pale skin. She was covered in a film of sweat, red marks on her thighs and stomach.

As I watched, a nak*d man came into view, a black leather whip in his hand, trailing behind him like a lightly coiled snake. He asked her a question; she responded. My mouth dropped open further as he turned and I got a look at his erect cock, standing away from his body, hard and long. He held her chin in his hand, kissing her roughly. I could see her leaning after him as he pulled away, obviously hungry for more.

It made me think of Jake, my dominant, so obviously aroused during our sessions. And I thought of myself during our sessions, how I hungered for his touch, even the sting of pain, aching for more.

The man stepped back and paused. Then the whip flashed out, the tip striking the woman with a loud crack. She jerked, and I yelped. The man standing in front of me turned, his finger to his lips. I nodded, chastised.

I looked at the woman closely; her head was back, mouth open, a look of pure ecstasy on her face. The whip cracked again, hitting her in a glancing stroke at the top of one pale thigh. She cried out, her h*ps thrusting forward, pulling against her wrist and ankle restraints.

Again and again, the whip cracked, lashing against the woman's body, inching higher and higher on her legs. My own body jerked with each crack of the whip, imagining what it must be like for the woman: wondering how high the whip would strike, the pleasure experienced from each bite of the whip against her tender flesh.

"Martin is an expert a whip." The soft voice in my ear made me jump. I felt Chase's body behind me, his hands on my ass. I pushed back against him and he slid his hands around to the front of my body, caressing the tops of my thighs, the very same places where the woman on the cross was being hit with the whip.

I could feel his erection pressed against my ass and I shamelessly arched my back, my h*ps undulating against Chase's body, rubbing my body hard against him.

"Gets you hot, doesn't it?" He nuzzled my ear, his tongue flicking along my neck. His lips pressed against my skin; I was certain he could feel my pulse pounding against his mouth.

I nodded. More than anything, right then, I wanted Chase, hard. I turned my head, looking up at him.

"Is there some place we can go?"

"Follow me."

***

The room was small and dark, up a narrow set of stairs at the back of the club. I had my arms around Chase's neck before he'd thumbed the lock, hands tugging at his hair, my tongue against his lips, body pressed hard against his. As I pulled him closer I felt the rip of fabric as the tear in my dress grew bigger. But I didn't care.

Chase had his hands beneath my dress, pulling the material aside, fingers working beneath the edges of my thong. There was another rending of fabric and my p**sy was exposed, the thong disappearing into the gloom and from my mind. He pushed me hard up against the wall with a resounding thud. I slid one leg up his body, wrapping it around his waist.

In the tight space between our bodies, he made quick work of the zipper and button on his jeans, grunting as he freed his c*ck from the confines of his pants.

There was no ceremony; he was in me quickly, holding me against his body, thrusting hard and fast. Our mouths were locked together in a vicious kiss, breath rasping between our lips as he drove himself into me over and over.

I came so quickly, pulling Chase against me as hard as I could, clinging to him as my h*ps thrust forward violently, my head hitting the wall as I broke away from his mouth, a harsh scream coming from somewhere far inside me.

Chase dug his fingers into the soft flesh of my ass, pulling me even closer, thrusting deeply into me as he came with me, the urgency of his thrusts spurring on my own cli**x.

Our eyes were locked and even in the dim light I could see the raw animal passion in his eyes. It brought on a fresh wave of something inexplicably primal from deep inside.

We stayed locked together after we were finished. I didn't want to let go of Chase and when he tried to pull out of me, I clutched at him. We finally slid to the floor, where he cradled me on his lap, stroking my hair.

"Oh, Abby. What am I going to do with you?" I heard the rumble of his soft laugh against my ear.

"You drive me wild, like no one ever has." He tipped my face up to his, his kiss tender on my bruised lips.

"Let's go home, Abby."

***

Chase took me back to his condo. In his bedroom, he undressed me slowly; taking care with what little was left to remove, in the dim light filtering through the curtains. He laid me gently on his bed, planting soft kisses on my body, lighting a fire with each brush of his lips against my skin.

The rest of the night with Chase was heaven. It was a long slow dance, led by Chase, me following willingly, everything slow and easy, every movement giving immense pleasure. Never had anything felt so good, so right.

"Chase..." We were lying in shared bliss, tangled in the sheets and each other's arms and legs. My head was resting in the now-familiar spot on his chest, his arm around my shoulder, his body warm beneath my hands. Our mingled scents rose from the sheets, warm and sensual.

"What, darling?" His fingers lazily stroked my hair, brushing damp tangles away from my forehead.

"What is this we have? Where do you see this going?" I knew I was playing with a different kind of fire. But I knew it was Saturday; images of Jake had risen unbidden in my mind.

Lying in Chase's arms, I felt torn and I didn't like the feeling. My mind was looking for the logical, the facts of the matter. How did Chase feel? Was I deluding myself, again, that he might love me? God knows you're capable of making things up, Abby.

His fingers hesitated, briefly tensing against my hair. Then they resumed their lazy movement.

"You're looking for something I don't think I can give you, Abby. I told you, the only filly who has my heart right now is Celeste. You're a close second."

He shifted, rolling me on my back, propping himself on one elbow. The look in his eyes was serious, but soft, distant memories clouding his gaze. If they were storm clouds, I couldn't tell.

"There've been very few women I could say I loved. I've liked a hell of a lot of them, some quite a bit. But the one who I loved the best, didn't love me back. Or didn't love me enough, maybe. Hard to know. She's not around anymore to ask."

Chase rolled on his back, one arm flung across his eyes. I leaned over, watching his face as best I could in the shadows.

"There are memories from my past that I'm not ready to face, even with you. You asked me once if I hid behind whips and chains and you were more right than I wanted to admit. I hide at the ranch. I can be busy there, wear myself out riding horses, breaking them, taking care of them. It keeps me from spending too much time in the past."

Chase turned to me. In the dim light I thought I saw the glimmer of tears in his eyes. But I didn't touch him, didn't think that's what he wanted.

"When I asked you to come to the ranch, to stay there, I mean, it was that for the first time, I was able to relax, not constantly try to work myself to exhaustion so I would be so tired I couldn't think."

I did reach out a finger, tracing the contours of his cheek. I felt the dampness of a spilled tear. And in that moment, my heart went out to him.

"I love you, Chase, even if you're not ready to say the words to me." The words escaped from my lips without thought and I couldn't take them back though to my surprise I really didn't want to. The usual panic that followed closely behind those passionate words was missing and instead I felt relaxed, confident, certain.

When he pulled me close, I felt a ragged sigh escape his lips.

"Abby... You're as close to hearing those words from me as anyone, in a long time. But not just yet. I can't."

"That's okay," I replied with a smile and I meant it. The warmth in his eyes, the heat in his gentle touch - it was enough for me. At least for now.

We lay in each other's arms, the fading night replaced by the brightening dawn. But it was a long time before either of us fell asleep.

***

I desperately needed a shower and really wanted a nap, but had time for only one and a shower was a requirement before a session. Jake was expecting me late Saturday afternoon and as tired as I was, I didn't want to cancel.

My night with Chase had confused me deeply. In the cold light of day, I wasn't sure what my declaration of love to Chase really meant. Was it the intensity of his emotions that triggered a spontaneous outpouring from me? Did I just feel sorry for him and had that confused with love? Or did I really love him?

I didn't know and couldn't think about it now. As confused and swirling as my emotions were, I was looking forward to my session with Jake. I missed my role as his submissive, the mental energy it took, and the emotional and physical rewards I got from his dominance.

The tower door was open when I pulled up beneath the portico but Jake wasn't there to greet me. I got out of the car, walking down the driveway, looking out over the expanse of backyard visible past the end of the house. The bright sun earlier in the day had vanished beneath a lowering bank of clouds. There was that peculiar electric feeling in the air before a storm. It reminded me of the day on the motorcycle with Chase, being caught in the thunderstorm. I shivered involuntarily, hugging myself.

"Hey, there you are." I turned. Jake was walking down the drive, shirtless and barefoot in faded blue jeans, tall and confident, his dark hair mussed and sexy. I felt a swell of emotion in my chest, my eyes filling briefly with tears. Turning away, I nodded toward the horizon, at the dark clouds building.

"Looks like something pretty big out there." I blinked rapidly, hoping Jake hadn't noticed. My emotions seemed just a bit too close to the surface, too raw from my night with Chase. Maybe tonight isn't such a good idea.

Jake wrapped his arms around me, his chin resting on the top of my head.

"Yeah, it looks to be some pretty intense weather." We watched the boiling clouds for a moment, moving closer, blotting out more of the sun.

"The tower room's one of the best places to be during a storm. You feel like you're inside the clouds, with the wind and rain all around. I used to sleep out here during really big storms, just for the experience." He kissed the back of my head.

"Unless you're afraid of them, then it's pretty terrifying." He turned me around, pulling me against his chest.

"It's good to have you here, Abby. I've missed you, and this." His hands were warm and strong against my back, and I felt safe in his embrace. I wasn't sure what I had to be afraid of, but standing here, with storm clouds on the horizon, I didn't want to leave his arms.

Jake held me away from him, looking down at me with those beautiful blue eyes. I couldn't remember the last time I'd looked up into them.

"Have you decided what you want to do tonight, Abby? Anything you want to play with?"

I shook my head. "Not really." I hesitated, biting my lip. The memory of the black-haired woman at the club flashed through my mind, the whip biting into her skin.

"Unless you have experience with a whip..."

Jake laughed. "Sorry, I don't have any experience with whips. They've always frightened me a little. But, I think I can unearth a riding crop. It's the same, but different. You might find you enjoy it." He cocked his head at me.

"Can I ask why a whip?"

Why indeed? "Just a thought." I knew I was blushing to the roots of my hair. You're pushing it here, Abby.

"I see." Jake was watching me. "Whip work takes a lot of practice. Guys who are really good spend years perfecting their technique. I don't have that experience. But I think I can handle a riding crop, if that will make you happy." He kissed my forehead.

"Are you ready to start?"

I nodded; it was safer than opening my mouth. Jake led me up the tower stairs, leaving me at the bathroom door. He pulled me to him, his skin warm beneath my fingers, his deep rich smell washing over me, kissing me hard.

The tears came when I was alone in the bathroom. And the guilt. I'd told another man I loved him and here I was, preparing to let a different man use a riding crop on me. You're losing yourself, Abby.

"If you don't want this, then just tell him." I spoke to my reflection in the mirror. "This is a no-strings attached relationship; you can get out of it anytime you want."

But I didn't want to get out. I wanted this relationship, and I wanted it with Jake.

I splashed cold water on my face, tying back my hair, putting on my robe. The stairs to the tower room seemed to go on forever.

Jake was waiting inside the door, looking out the nearest window at the blackening sky. The rain had started, long streaks slashing across the glass. Lightening was visible in the distance, but no sounds of thunder yet.

"We can leave this curtain open; it faces the house. We can enjoy the ambience of the storm if you like."

He turned toward me, his hand on the edge of the curtain. "Are you okay, Abby? If you're not up to this, we don't have to have a session."

I shook my head. "I'm fine. I want to do this."

Jake crossed the short distance between us. "Okay. We'll keep it short then. Are you ready? You're in submission now."

I nodded my head, never quite so glad to not be allowed to speak. There was still a slight frown on Jake's face as he reached for my robe.

A gust of wind-blown rain outside caught my attention. I looked toward the window; saw Jake's reflection in the glass. He was standing behind me, not moving, staring at my back.

"Abby." His voice was cold steel.

A crash of thunder made me jump. I turned around, looking up at Jake. But I didn't speak.

"Abby." His voice was sharp. "Turn around and look at me."

I did as I was instructed. I wasn't sure what this was, if it was part of the session. I wanted to ask, but didn't want to disobey.

"What is this?" I felt his hands on my arms. I shook my head, both because I didn't know and I couldn't speak.

He took me by the arm, pulling me across the room to the far side of the big cabinet. There was a mirror hanging on the side, something I'd never noticed before. He turned me so my back was to the mirror.

"Look. Tell me what these are."

I looked in the mirror. Along the backs of both arms and along the backs of my thighs were bruises, many bruises. All of them were the size and shape of someone's fingers. Of Chase's fingers.

"Oh."

"Oh? That's it?" Jake spun me around to face him, his own fingers now digging into my arms.

"Who gave you those bruises, Abby? Are you seeing someone else? Are you someone else's submissive?"

Anger flashed in Jake's eyes. Seeing that in his eyes lit a corresponding spark of anger in me.

"And if I am? You said this is a no-strings-attached relationship, Jake. Your words, your arrangement."

"Who, Abby? Who is it?" He was still holding me, almost lifting me on my toes.

I struggled in his grip. "You're hurting me, Jake. Let me go."

He did, stepping away from me, breathing hard, color rising in his cheeks.

"It's Chase, isn't it." Not a question; a statement.

"Yes." I brushed past Jake, grabbing my robe from the back of the door, pulling it on, tugging the sash tight.

Jake ran his hand through his hair. "Why, Abby?"

"Why? Why not?"

"Isn't this enough for you?" He spread his hands, gesturing around the tower room. Outside the storm was intensifying, rain pelting the windows, thunder booming in the distance.

"I'm not seeing Chase as a sub, Jake. He called after our session, had my necklace...I went to see him...and it just happened. You were gone." My voice was ragged, anger and tears competing, making me gasp. But I refused to give in to the tears. Not now, not here.

"So the minute I'm gone, you run to Chase?"

"No, not like that. I went to get my necklace...and things just spiraled out of control." My voice dropped.

"But it got to be more..." I looked down at my bare feet.

"You're seeing Chase, as in a relationship?" Jake sat on the edge of the bed, looking up at me. He was quiet for a long time.

"Do you love him? Is that it?"

I looked up at Jake, tears spilling down my face. I swiped at them angrily.

"I don't know. Really, I don't."

I took a step toward Jake. He looked up at me, the pain in his eyes obvious.

"For what it's worth, he hasn't told me he loves me. He can't...or won't."

He shrugged, shook his head. I knelt on the floor at his feet, my hands on his knees.

"Jake, I never meant for this to happen and I never meant for you to get hurt. I can't explain why this happened. All I know is I have never stopped thinking about you." Tiny white lie, Abby.

"This relationship is important to me. I cherish this, what you've given me. I would never have tried this, come this far, experienced what I have if it weren't for you, Jake." I took one hand in mine, kissing his fingers.

"You've shown me things I could never have known."

"But that's not enough, is it. Do you want a relationship? More than this, I mean?" Jake's voice was low, still with an edge. I realized he was still very angry, holding himself so tightly controlled. He could never let go.

I was exhausted, from my time with Chase, and from Jake's inability to let go. It sent me over the edge.

I stood abruptly. "What I want from you Jake is complete honesty." I flung the words at him. He looked startled, before frowning at me.

"I've been honest. More so than you, I'd say."

"No. I mean with whatever it is in you that keeps you from just letting go. You start...you're so angry now you're barely holding it back. But you don't let it out. Why? What's making you hold it back? Chase said things that make me think there's a whole side of you that I don't know. He said if we were to have any kind of relationship, I should ask you what your secrets are. I thought he was just saying things at first...for whatever reason. But now I think he's right."

I was breathing hard, hands on my hips. I realized I was rambling, words bubbling up from some deep well of emotion, fueled by my exhaustion and by Jake's stubborn ability to let go.

He looked up at me, the anger back in his eyes.

"You want the truth? You want to know why I 'don't let go'." He stood, striding across the room before abruptly turning around, his eyes blazing with what looked like pain and anger fused into bright blue-white.

"Her name is Jane. She was my ex-girlfriend. I have no idea where she is right now, or even if she's still alive."

I sank down on the bed, my legs suddenly shaky.

"We met here, in Houston, while I was in college, sometime right before I graduated. She seemed the perfect girl; we were inseparable. It was Jane who introduced me to this whole damn thing..." he waved his hand around the room.

"She was an experienced submissive, but her dominant had moved away. She wanted me to take his place, but I was in way over my head with her."

He was pacing in front of me, the words coming out slowly at first.

"I didn't have any idea what to do, I told her that. She threatened to leave me; I guess she manipulated me into becoming her dominant. It wasn't that I didn't have an interest...I did. But it was all or nothing with her. I loved her so much, and she knew it. She made it clear if I wanted her, she wanted me as her dominant.

"She knew about Chase's club so she took me there a few times, to 'learn the ropes' as she said..." His smile was bitter and it scared me. I pulled my knees up, wrapping my arms around them. I was suddenly cold, as if the temperature of the room had dropped ten degrees.

"It wasn't until we'd had a few serious sessions together that things started going badly. Our sessions were always very intense, exhausting for both of us, right from the beginning. She wanted me to be...forceful, aggressive. And I was. I held nothing back, not emotionally, not physically, even verbally. But she started ending the sessions abruptly and then leaving, with no reason. Not that she needed one, but she would leave with no aftercare, no explanation. I didn't know what to do, but then I'd see her the next day and she'd be fine. Or she'd be back, asking for another session. I should have asked someone, anyone, for advice. But I believed her when she said she was fine. And I loved her; I didn't want to lose her."

Jake had stopped pacing. He lowered himself to the floor, sitting down a few feet from the edge of the bed. He wouldn't meet my eyes, staring somewhere over my left shoulder.

"One night she showed up for a session and it was clear that she was high. I told her I didn't want a session if she was drunk. But she insisted, threatened-again-to leave me. So out of desperation I agreed. We started, I don't remember what we'd planned...I don't think we even got past getting her on the bed. She disobeyed me purposely. So I told her she needed to be punished."

Jake took a ragged breath. "She'd never disobeyed me before. She was always in her submissive role, no matter what. I told her she would be spanked, like we agreed on. So I undid the handcuffs, took her down there..." Jake pointed to the table where he'd spanked me. I was shivering, but too afraid to move, not wanting to interrupt his story.

Jake's voice dropped even lower, his eyes fixed on the far end of the room, as if whatever he had experienced was playing out in the shadows. "I spanked her once, maybe twice, before she started to scream...kicking, hissing, just totally out of control. I thought I'd hurt her, hit her too hard maybe, so I stopped. But she kept screaming. Then seething with anger she pulled away from me and slapped me across the face. She tried to hit me again but I caught her wrists to try and calm her. She wouldn't listen, she kept fighting against me, hitting me so hard it felt as though she were someone else entirely."

He looked down, rubbing his wrist. "I slapped her. She looked at me, but this time it wasn't Jane. She started screaming again but as though she was speaking to someone else. She just kept saying 'You're not going to hurt me anymore Jim.' She twisted out of my arms, ran out the door and was gone before I could get down the stairs. That was the last time I saw her."

Jake finally looked up at me, his eyes haunted, distant. "Jim was her step-father. I found out later, from her sister, that he had abused both girls from the time they were young until their mother divorced him, sometime in their teenage years. Her sister said Jane refused any kind of counseling. She'd left home as soon as she graduated high school, went to college for a few semesters, but ended up dropping out. She said the abuse always happened after a spanking for some imagined infraction of a 'house' rule."

Jake dropped his head into his hands. I slid off the bed, crawling across the floor to him, pulling him against me, rocking him gently. His shoulders shook silently for a moment but he remained strong, unshaken.

When he spoke his voice was muffled against my shoulder. "Her family never heard from her again. Her cell phone only went to voice mail before it was disconnected. She moved, left no forwarding address. She'd been working at a club downtown, some sleazy dance club. They had her last paycheck, held it for her for months, but she never came to get it. To this day, I don't know what happened to her Abby. I don't know where she went."

The tears I'd been trying to hold back spilled down my cheeks. Jake sat up, looking into my eyes.

"I'm so sorry Jake," I replied unsure as to what I should say. My heart ached for him and I could feel the incredible guilt that weighed down on him like heavy chains with every word that spilled from his trembling lips.

"The first time you disobeyed me, it reminded me so much of Jane that I couldn't bring myself to punish you. The second time, when I did, it was the hardest thing I'd ever done." He tucked a stray strand of hair behind my ear, his fingers absently wiping away my tears.

"I was so afraid I'd break you somehow. That I'd change you in ways you just weren't ready for. Just like I did to Jane. I was convinced for the longest time it was my fault, I'd pushed her too hard. I couldn't control myself and it sent her over the edge."

"No, Jake. It wasn't your fault." I meant it; even as I felt the sadness invade my mind at just how much pain Jane must have been in. Jake had likely triggered memories of her abuse that she couldn't handle. Like him I wondered where she was, what had become of her. Watching Jake hurt so badly, his fingers weaved tightly against his scalp, cradling his head in his hands, I could see the torment that swirled in his eyes. He hadn't known of Jane's darkness and because of that he had taken her into the shadows of her own pain, brought her nightmares to life. It wasn't his fault. Jane shouldn't have played with the ghosts of her past, and I wondered why she would have ever become a submissive in the first place other than to torture herself. Perhaps it was her way of coping with what had happened. Her way of taking control of the pain and living through it once more but where she would determine how it ended. Only it ended at a loss. If she could only see Jake now she would know that it wasn't just a loss for her. She had changed a man forever, and I wondered if he would ever be the same again.

"Jake...I'm not Jane." I touched his cheek. He took my hand, holding against his face for a moment.

"But why, Jake? Why did you look for another submissive? If this was so traumatic, why seek out another relationship?"

"Because I knew there had to be more to this than just the pain. I wanted to seek out the pleasure. And with you, I have, Abby. You've shown me that this type of relationship can be more than it was with Jane, that the pleasure and pain can co-exist."

His eyes were bright, intense, as if he needed me to understand this, not just for my own sake, but for his.

"Jake, I know...I understand that part of this...our relationship. But after so much pain in losing Jane, why would you do it all over again... with me?"

He smiled, a genuine smile, not the bitter smile that had frightened me earlier. "I wanted to experience all that intense pleasure I know comes with this. And I found that with you."

The smile faded. "Jane didn't trust herself, didn't trust that she could share her darkness-her secrets-with me. I don't know that I could have helped her, but I hope to God I would have tried."

He looked down at our clasped hands, his thumbs rubbing across my knuckles. When he spoke, his voice was barely a whisper. "Maybe I would have let her leave. I couldn't have hurt her if she left."

"Jake, you didn't intentionally hurt her. You would never have done that. I know you..." I tilted his face up, my fingers beneath his chin. His eyes met mine, sadness and loss so visible it tore at my heart.

"What happened wasn't your fault. It was beyond your control. You have to know that."

He shrugged. "Sometimes I do...sometimes I think I could have done things differently, that things would have ended up differently...for Jane and me.

"But in the end, here with you, I did the same thing Jane did. I didn't trust you...I wasn't honest with you, Abby. I tried to control what I thought hurt Jane, the aggressive side that came out in our sessions."

He leaned forward, kissing me softly. "But I couldn't control falling in love with you."

The room had grown dark, the storm at its peak outside, the wind driving sheets of rain against the glass. I took Jake's hand, pulling him up with me as I stood.

I led him through the tower room door and back to the main house. Somewhere along the way, he took the lead through the maze of hallways, leading me to his bedroom, the destination we both wanted-needed-at that moment.

We treated each other as if we were fragile vessels, words whispered in the darkness, touches soft and gentle. We held each other for a long time in Jake's big bed, while the storm raged outside.

Love making was just as slow, just as gentle. There were no words, just the two of us coming together, our bodies moving in perfect concert.

When he came, Jake buried his face in my neck. I felt the dampness of his tears on my shoulder and I held him hard against me, trying to absorb his pain, to take it away although I knew it wasn't mine to take.

After a long time Jake rolled away from me, holding my hand in the dark.

"I can't ask you to choose between me and Chase. That's not fair, to any of us." He took a deep breath; I held mine.

"But I'm changing the rules of engagement for our relationship. I won't-can't-share you, in any way. I want you, all of you, for myself. There won't be a dominant submissive relationship if you're involved with Chase in a romantic relationship. I love you too much to do that...to myself."

I exhaled. "I know." My voice sounded choked and tiny in the big room.

He rolled over, pulling me against his chest. It was my turn to cry quietly, emotions and exhaustion finally catching up with me. The last thing I remember before succumbing to sleep was Jake's voice, somewhere close, soothing words washing over me, his warm scent even closer, comforting in the dark.

***

Sunday was rainy and cold; the aftermath of the previous night's storms evident, the streets covered with a little of leaves and branches. I felt as battered as the trees, my mind numb.

I came home early from Jake's with tentative plans for dinner on Monday night, with the promise from me I'd made some kind of decision, his promise to be patient. We'd both agreed to no more sessions.

My exhaustion was taking its toll. The shower beckoned, as did my bed. The bed won; I stripped off my clothes, crawling nak*d beneath the covers. The cat curled up against the small of my back and I was asleep almost instantly.

The phone woke me sometime later. The sky was still gray; I had no idea what time it was, nor did I care. I pulled the blankets over my head, cursed the phone and went back to the depths of sleep.

It was dark when I finally surfaced to some semblance of wakefulness. The cat grumbled his way to the kitchen and watched me as I made dinner. I carried on a one-sided conversation with him, feeding him bits of chicken to make up for not being home. It seemed to satisfy both of us.

The answering machine light was blinking, a reminder of my interrupted sleep. I pressed play and heard the usual litany of Sunday afternoon messages: my mother, Leslie. And then Chase. Three times; three messages.

He wanted to see me. He'd actually wanted me to come see him at his condo Sunday afternoon. I glanced at the clock; it was past ten o'clock. I'd been asleep over twelve hours. That's not going to happen.

I hit redial and Chase answered on the first ring.

"Where have you been?" His voice was tense; I could hear club noises in the background, making it hard to hear him.

"I was out." All I heard were club noises. Chase was silent.

I heard the sound of a door slamming and the background noises were abruptly cut off.

"You were with Jake." Chase's voice was just as tense, but now crystal clear.

I took a deep breath. "Yes, I was." There was a sharp noise on the other end of the line. I frowned at the phone.

"Are you okay, Chase?"

"No, not really. I decided I don't like the idea of you f**king around with Jake."

I was instantly angry. "That's not fair. We don't have an exclusive relationship, Chase."

"I don't feel like being fair right now. And why don't we?"

"Chase, I'm not having this conversation over the phone. It's late and I'm tired."

There was a pause, his voice softening. "I wanted to see you today. I miss you. Come to the ranch tomorrow."

There were things I wanted to talk about with Chase, little things that were bothering me. Along with the big white horse in the room; the fact Chase was unable to tell me he loved me.

I agreed to meet Chase at the ranch late in the day. The phone call to Jake was painful; I could hear the pain in his voice.

"I know you need to do this. Just don't drag this out, Abby. Please."

***

Monday dawned bright and clear, but my emotions were just as cloudy as they had been on the weekend. I felt torn, confused, and heartsick. My head hurt, my stomach churned and nothing seemed to make any sense.

Leslie stopped by mid-morning. For once she sat quietly in the chair across from my desk as I retold my weekend adventures with first Chase, then Jake.

"Oh, Abby. This is a mess. How'd you get so tangled up with two such different guys?"

I shook my head. "I have no idea. My heart got away from me, I think."

She leaned forward, a scowl creasing her forehead. "So, who's it going to be?"

I looked up at her. She sat back, breathing out through pursed lips. "Oh, you have no idea, do you, Abby? It's written all over your face."

My head found that familiar spot on my desk again. I closed my eyes.

"No, Leslie, I don't."

***

The drive to the ranch went far too quickly. It wasn't that I didn't want to see Chase; I just didn't want to make a decision. Why couldn't I just have both? Slide back and forth between the two? Not make a choice?

Because they deserve better than that.

Chase was waiting on the porch, looking far too sexy in faded jeans and a tight black t-shirt, his feet bare. I pulled up in front of the house and he walked down to meet me, opening the car door for me.

"You made good time." He leaned down to kiss me. I sensed tension in his body; his eyes held a glint that made me wary.

We walked up the steps into the house. Chase led me to the kitchen and I pulled out one of the stools at the counter.

"You want a beer?" He turned to me and I nodded. He rummaged around in the refrigerator, pulling out two longneck bottles.

One cold bottle appeared in front of me. He wouldn't meet my eyes.

"I want to understand what this is between us. No one is happy with this limbo we've ended up in. But I can't make a decision without some answers."

"So it's come to that, has it? Did Jake tell you that you needed to make a decision? Him or me?"

He was more right than he knew, but I wasn't going to tell him that.

"No one makes me do anything. I'm making a decision for my own sake, Chase."

With a nod he drained his beer, setting it next to several other empties on the counter before grabbing another one from the refrigerator. This isn't what I want here...get control, of yourself and him.

"Chase, come sit with me on the porch." I stood, holding out my hand. I twitched my fingers at him, the same gesture he'd used with me, the one I suspected he used on temperamental horses.

He came out slowly from behind the counter, still not meeting my eyes. He took my hand, leading me out to the porch. We sat on the swing in the dark, watching fireflies over the meadow for a time, still holding hands. Finally Chase sighed, blowing out a long breath.

"I'm sorry for being sharp with you on the phone, Abby. It wasn't fair, you were right. But it drives a stake through me to think of you with anyone else, even if it's just with Jake, as his submissive."

He took a swallow of his beer. His voice was tight when he spoke. "Did you need to ask permission from Jake to come see me tonight?"

I frowned at him. "Where did that come from? You know very well I'm not in a twenty-four seven role with Jake. Are you that jealous?"

"Could be that I am." He scraped at the label on his bottle with a thumbnail, lost in thought for a moment.

"Look, I know that I owe you an explanation. I just don't know where to begin."

I waited. For what, I wasn't sure. Reassurance? To be let off the hook by him telling me that I really didn't have to explain after all? Whatever I was searching for in the silence I didn't get it. He let go of my hand, running it through his hair.

"I told you I ran the ranch for a few years before I went to New York, to college. During that time, there was a girl here, a daughter of one of the ranch hands. Amanda...Mandy is what we called her. I loved her more than I could stand. I believed she loved me."

He watched a moth circling the porch light. "She could ride a horse better than anyone I'd ever seen; it was like she just became the horse. There was a fire in her that I'd never found in anyone else. I'm surprised we didn't set the hayloft on fire." He laughed softly.

"I have scars from her, real scars. She bit and scratched and tore me up, in more ways than one. We came together with such force, it was all consuming, for me. I thought for her. She was all I could think about." Chase looked down, worrying the label on the bottle again.

"She left at the end of that summer. Packed up without a word, was gone before I knew it. Her daddy said she'd decided, just like that, to go back to live with her mother in St. Louis." He paused.

"I was going to ask her to marry me."

I reached out, touching his shoulder. He flinched and I pulled my hand back.

"I left for New York then, got a job, applied for college. Got accepted for the following fall. My father was so angry with me; he didn't speak to me for over a year. We'd finally gotten things pretty much patched up, but then he and my mom were killed."

He finished his beer, setting the empty bottle on the porch floor.

"College wasn't where I belonged either, but I was damned if I would come back here as a failure. So I stuck it out, managed to get through that first year without killing myself. Like I said, it was insane. I pretty much tried to drink my way through most of it. I also discovered all those pretty girls, needing nothing more than my charming smile to come with me, let me bed them and then send them on their way. Never saw them again; can't tell you their names, probably didn't ask. It made me feel better, just using them like Mandy used me. But in the end, there was always this huge whistling hole in my heart."

He stretched his arms over his head. "I found the bondage clubs about the same time I was flunking out of college. There was a great deal of release for me, in being a dominant. The mental and emotional discipline helped me work through a lot of the pain."

The memory of Chase's methodical, almost prayerful, way that he used the ropes on me in the club came back.

"It helped me focus, helped me get my head out of my ass." He laughed suddenly, startling me.

"And it's sure the hell a great way to have sex with women, with no strings attached. You know that, or you did until Jake overstepped his boundaries."

I flinched in the dark, the swing jumping erratically.

"So he did break his rules." I heard Chase's laughter again, darker this time.

"Jake shouldn't be a dominant. He's not cut out for the role. He doesn't have the strength for it or the discipline."

Anger flared instantly. "You don't know what my relationship with Jake is like. You have no call to comment."

"I struck a nerve, I guess." Chase shifted on the swing, setting it to rock in a sickening arc.

"You're right, I don't know about your relationship, but I do know about his previous one. It was a failure, the girl disappeared. It wasn't pretty, from what I understand."

"You knew Jane?" I remembered Jake had said she'd taken him to Chase's club.

"I didn't, but Stacy did. They worked at the same club. She said Jane talked incessantly about Jake, his shortcomings, his brutality, how he abused her rather than being a true Dom who is all in control at all times."

I drew a sharp breath. "That's not true. That's now how it happened. Jake told me the whole story."

I could feel Chase's eyes on me in the soft dark. "I'm sure he told you his side of the story, by his lights. You know the saying. There's three sides to every story: his, hers, and the truth."

"Jake's not like that, not at all." My voice was shaking with anger. "You can't know the truth."

"Darling, you can't either. You can only know what he's told you." He spread his hands. "I can only know what I've been told. You'll have to make up your own mind about him.

"But I can tell you, from seeing him at the club, my first impressions are usually pretty damn accurate. He's not cut out to be a dominant. You're going to be the one getting hurt here and I don't want that."

My anger boiled over. I got off the swing, kicking over Chase's beer bottle, sending it spinning across the floorboards of the porch.

"You don't need to look out for me. I can do that myself." I was breathing hard, my voice rough, fists balled at my sides.

Chase stood, crossing the short distance between us. His hands were on my shoulders, fingers digging into my skin. I twisted against him, but he only held me harder.

"Abby, you're the most important thing in my life right now. If you got hurt and I could have stopped it, I couldn't live with myself."

I wanted to spit at him. "You're just jealous. You want something someone else has, like a possession, like your horses...your damn fillies. It's not me that you want. You just want what belongs to Jake."

Chase's face was inches from mine, his breath hot on my cheeks.

"I want you because I love you, Abby."

Chase lowered his head, his mouth seeking mine. I twisted my head, trying to avoid his kiss, but he found my lips anyway.

And in that instant, I was lost. I stopped struggling against him, instead throwing my body against his. He let go of my shoulders and my arms were around his neck, my fingers in his hair, pulling him to me.

I wasn't looking for the truth anymore; this was for me now. I wanted Chase, urgently, on some deep level that I didn't really understand, didn't want to understand. I only had need and desire.

His lips raked over my mouth, his hands holding me against the length of him. We were locked in this grip for what seemed like an eternity, my body instantly heated and aching for release.

Chase broke away, scooping me up in his arms. The screen door slammed against the side of the house, almost torn from its hinges as we went into the house. He turned down the narrow hallway, pushing a door open with his shoulder.

He set me on my feet, my body sliding down his, every inch of me wanting contact with him. There was an instant where I could have run, the fleeting image of Jake in my mind, but it was gone in a heartbeat, consumed in the passion and lust that ran through my veins.

My fingers tore at Chase's t-shirt, pulling the hem from his jeans, sliding my hand beneath, over his flat stomach. He pulled the shirt over his head, tossing it in the corner and my hands moved higher, over the broad expanse of his chest, my mouth descending on his hard dark n**ples, biting and sucking.

Chase's hands were searching for the buttons on my shirt, finally just tugging it over my head. I felt his hands at my br**sts, and there was no hope for the bra this time. It came away in two pieces in his hands, dropped unceremoniously to the floor.

We broke apart briefly, struggling with zippers and snaps and buttons on jeans. Chase yanked mine down my legs, my panties carried along.

I reached greedily for Chase's erection, peeling back his jeans, my hands wrapped around the shaft of his cock. I met his eyes, hot and intense, his lips pulled back in a feral smile that would have scared me had I not matched the one I knew was on my own face.

He had my br**sts in his hands, palming my hard n**ples, making me arch against him. I let go of his cock, sliding my hands up his body, pulling his face down. My mouth found his, lips and tongue and teeth teasing, prodding, biting, unrestrained.

Chase's hands moved down my back, cupping my ass, pulling me hard against his body, his erection rubbing against my stomach.

In one swift movement, Chase picked me up, tipping me across the bed, my legs wrapping instinctively around his waist as he stood between them. He leaned forward, brought his mouth down on mine again, his hands planted on either side of my face, his fingers tangling in my hair. His kiss was brutal, lips grinding against mine, bruising them against my teeth.

His c*ck brushed against my body, up my thighs, tantalizingly close. Chase stood up then, pulling me by the h*ps to the very edge of the bed, bracing his knees against the mattress.

I looked up at him in the dim light spilling in from the open door behind him. His face was in cast in shadow but his eyes caught the light, boring down on me with an intensity that only made the fire inside me burn hotter.

"Oh, Chase!" I stretched my arms up, reaching for him, aching to feel his body against mine, to feel him inside me.

He drove himself into me with a hoarse cry, his body slamming into me, pushing me up the bed. His fingers dug into my hips, pulling me back to the edge of the bed, denying me the chance to hold him, to be crushed by his body.

"I want to watch you." Each word was accompanied by a thrust of his c*ck into my body.

"I want to see you while I'm inside of you, Abby."

I flung my arms over my head, letting him take me on his wild ride. He grabbed my legs, pulling them up his body, my heels resting on his shoulders, fingers caressing then pinching the insides of my thighs.

It was hard and fast, Chase taking no prisoners. The breath tore from his throat, his face contorted in a grimace that could have been as much pain as pleasure. There was no other sound from him but his harsh breathing.

My own body rocketed toward some dizzying peak. I pulled against Chase with my legs, arching my back, twisting myself against his body, his hands beneath my ass now, his fingers in my flesh.

When I came it was with terrific speed, my hands pulling the covers loose, my body arching up against Chase. He kept up his frantic pace, his eyes never leaving me as I flung myself against him, against the bed, every muscle taut. I felt him inside me, my body contracting around his cock, feeling every contour as I jerked and moaned beneath his hot gaze.

Only then, when I was on the downhill slide of my orgasm, my body fluid and yielding, did he lower himself to me, letting me wrap leaden arms around his neck, finally letting me kiss him.

He tore his mouth away; his final deep thrust into me accompanied by a sound of release...conquest. Buried in me, he shuddered violently, his h*ps grinding against me, the familiar flooding warmth of his orgasm filling me.

I held him against me then, his body covered in sweat, breathing hard. We stayed like that a long time, until he finally pulled away from me.

He looked down, his eyes unreadable in the dim room. I saw him hold out his hand and I took it, following blindly as he led me up the stairs to his own room.

We crawled into his big bed, under the sheets and blankets, arms around each other. I thought he'd fallen asleep; his breathing had changed, regular and deep. But then he spoke.

"You had other questions, didn't you? About me, I mean. Ask if you want. I'll tell you what you want to know, everything, no matter what it is."

I was quiet a long time, long enough for him to say my name.

"I'm awake. I'm thinking."

His laugh rumbled against my ear. "Okay. Just checking."

"You said you had a sub, but something happened. What happened?"

"She fell in love with me. That simple. She wanted more than I could give her, way more than I was ready to give. She came into my life at a time when I'd decided I was never going to love any woman again. I cared about her, I did. But as a submissive. I cared about her safety, her pleasure, her well being. But I couldn't love her. I finally told her she had to leave."

He took a deep breath. "Okay. Next question."

"Did you turn my cellphone off? The weekend we went to Paradise Ranch?"

"The weekend I said you should be here all the time? Yeah, I did." There was no rumbling laugh this time.

"That was a childish thing to do. I was a real prick to do that. I'm sorry." He squeezed me briefly.

"You were off somewhere and I saw it in your purse. I wasn't sure where you were at with Jake in your sub relationship, but I saw how he looked at me at the club. He was so jealous he was almost ready to chew through the ropes to get you off the table. I knew any man who was that much in love with you was a threat. So I just reached in and turned it off."

Chase shifted beneath me. "He was in love with you then, wasn't he?"

I didn't answer. I didn't need to. Chase knew.

***

Work on Tuesday was agony. I'd gotten home at dawn, crawled into bed and gotten two hours of sleep. Leslie brought lunch to my office, closing the door behind her.

"Abby, you really need to figure out what you're doing here." She took a bite of her sandwich, chewing for a moment. I pushed my salad around on my plate, aimlessly trying to spear a tomato that resisted the tines of my fork. I was too tired to make the effort to eat and pushed the plate away, the tomato safe for now.

"Yeah. I know. Burke asked me today if I was sick."

Leslie nodded. "You look horrible. I know that's not what you want to hear but you really do look rough. Is this really worth it? I mean, one guy does things you can't talk about and the other guy forces you to have sex. Are those the kind of relationships you want to have? With either of them?"

I eyed Leslie over my iced tea. "Leslie, you're not helping." I pushed back from my desk, grabbing my purse.

"I'm going home. Sick day. If I look so bad, I should probably be home in bed."

***

Home. In bed. Covers pulled over my head. I'd unplugged the phone, turned off my cellphone and set the alarm for the next morning. The world, as I knew it, could just go away for the next eighteen hours.

But I didn't sleep. I dozed, tossing and turning, fragments of conversations with Jake and Chase playing over and over in my mind.

Both men loved me. Both men were flawed and broken in their own way, but then who wasn't? I certainly had my own share of issues to work through.

I turned over, punching the pillow, muttering to myself. The cat fled the bed for calmer seas.

Images of both men rose up unbidden: my first night with Jake, the sensual massage that turned into something far more than I expected, more erotic and sensual than anything I'd ever experienced.

Chase: our first time, indelible in my mind, tied and bound, with him between my legs, sending me to that place I'd never been before.

The differences between the two men flitted on the edge of my consciousness as I fought for sleep. Chase, the rough and tumble cowboy. Jake, the urban and sophisticated businessman. Different as night and day, but tied together by a love of something deeper, darker, the exploration of being a dominant to my submissive.

I flung the pillow away from me, only to grab it, clutching it to my chest. I was confused, so desperately confused. Nothing made sense, my emotions were as tangled as the sheets on the bed and my heart was aching at the thought of having to make a choice. I couldn't...there was no possible way.

For the first time in a long time, I cried myself to sleep.

