I went to inspect the food Lucent brought. There was something wrong with it; there was only one of everything.

I scrunched up my brow, staring at it. Why had he done that? One orange juice, yogurt, a cinnamon apple granola bar, and one package of raisins. Strange. This definitely wasn't enough for two people.

"Lucent?" I said, looking over my shoulder towards him; he still stood at the window, but now he was looking at me instead of looking outside. "I don't think this is enough food."

He smiled and shrugged, apologetic. "No, perhaps not. I have a surprise for you, though."

"Oh? What?"

He approached me, saying nothing. Once he stood at my side, he stooped and fetched the food, then picked each item up, slow, one by one. He kept acting strange and I didn't understand the reason for it. Yes, Lucent was critical and meticulous, but typically not this slow. It worried me, but then I realized this was a silly thing to get worried about.

"Let's eat and then I'll tell you," he said.

I nodded. "Alright."

We cleaned up first, replacing the cushions we'd slept on and putting them back onto the chairs where they belonged. The curtains went into a pile, and every other minor stray indication of our night spent here became nothing more than a memory, too. Everything, gone, cleaned, melting away like spring purifying winter's snow. Lucent scooted the chairs away from each other, much to my disappointment, then sat in one.

I sat in the other and scooted it back towards him, getting as close to him as possible. While he prepared our meal, I leaned across the armrests and put my chin on his shoulder. He laughed at me, but he didn't kiss me like I'd hoped. I only wanted a small kiss--on the lips or the cheek or the nose--but, no.

Meal preparations went fast, all things considered. Opening yogurt, unwrapping a spoon, peeling away the wrapper of the granola bar and pinching open the raisin box. Easy, inconsequential, and soon we ate. Lucent handed me the yogurt and the spoon, then bent the granola bar in half. He began crunching his portion.

I stared at my yogurt and spoon. What was this? I wasn't exactly upset, but I kind of was. Disconcerted, I supposed.

"Um," I said. Just um. This was enough.

Lucent glanced over at me. "Hm?"

"Why are we eating like this?" I asked.

"I don't understand," he said. "What do you mean?"

"You fed me last night, and the last time we ate yogurt you fed me, too. I thought you'd do it again."

"Oh," he said. Just oh. This wasn't enough.

"Is something wrong?" I asked. "You're acting funny."

"I don't believe I'm acting funny, Miss Tanner. I'm merely doing what adults do in these situations. They eat their breakfasts separately, as opposed to feeding one another."

"I dislike that."

"You dislike it?" he asked, smirking. "It's completely normal."

"None of this is normal, Lucent. I don't know if you realize it, but we've been trapped in a library all weekend together. You've spanked me, and we've had sex. I would like to think that it was special, but I don't exactly know for sure. Either way, I very much enjoyed it so far, and you're ruining it now."

When I finished my pouting tirade, he stuck my half of the granola bar in my mouth. Glumly, I let him, leaving it plopped partway between my lips while the other part dangled in the air.

He hid his amusement, though I knew he enjoyed my feigned gloominess. It was feigned now at least, but I really had been upset before. I wanted us to act the same as we always had. In hindsight, always wasn't a long time, though. Maybe my perspective was too narrowed and I'd fancied too many allusions as to what we were or what we had together.

It wasn't whim and fancy, though, it was desire and need. I needed this, needed something, and while I'd never exactly known it before, nor had I intended for any of this, I knew it somewhat now. A little bit, at least. Shreds and pieces, fed to me, like the torn bits of meat Lucent fed to me last night. I was hungry before, starving, but I never realized it until Lucent came and gave me sustenance.

That sounded altogether too flowery and poetic to say, so I didn't say it, but I felt it. I felt it glumly while Lucent smirked at me and I held a half of a granola bar partly between my lips.

"Let me see the yogurt," he said. His voice softened, more easy and regular now.

I handed the yogurt to him immediately, along with the spoon. Removing the granola bar from my mouth, I waited with eager anticipation.

"This isn't normal," he said as reassurance; more to reassure himself, I thought. I already knew none of this was normal and I'd told him as much.

Scooping up some of the yogurt, he held the spoon out to me. Facetiously, though looking extremely serious, he made choo-choo train noises.

I ignored his attempt at mockery and opened my mouth. Lucent placed the spoonful of yogurt in my mouth and I removed it from the spoon with my tongue and lips. Then, for good measure, I crunched a bite of the granola bar, letting the two different foods mingle and mix while I chewed.

"Better?" he asked.

"You have a certain seasoning method, Mr. Storme," I informed him. "A particular je ne sais quoi that enhances the flavors and brings out their special, hidden qualities. Your culinary skills are masterful."

"Oh, yes." Rolling his eyes, he took a spoonful of yogurt for himself. "I'm quite certain you're correct, Miss Tanner. By merely holding the spoon, I exert my will upon the yogurt and enforce heightened flavoring throughout it. It's nearly like magic, certainly."

"After we eat you should exert your will upon me," I said.

Lucent nearly spit out his yogurt, choking. I panicked at first because I didn't know CPR, but it was just yogurt and he soon regained control over himself and swallowed. Then I stopped my panic and I laughed.

"I was thinking that after we finish breakfast we can go home," he said with an air of secretive indifference.

"What?" I said. Glancing outside quickly, I noticed the snow had stopped. I must have noticed this before, too, but it didn't register in my mind until now.

"While you slept, I arranged for some assistance in clearing off your car," Lucent added, his words austere and professional. "A path from the front door of the library to the street has been cleared away, and your car has been cleared off and shoveled out. You should be able to drive onto the street easily."

Yes, but... no. It all hit me so suddenly and I felt lost and confused. Of course we should leave if we could, but I didn't want to leave now. I stared at him, lost, listless, and I knew I should be happy for this, happy to return to my apartment, but I wasn't. I didn't want to go. Did he not understand that? I hadn't told him, not in as many words, but I thought our time together was nice. Was he trying to escape from me?

No, no. I shouldn't think those things. Lucent was attempting to be nice, that's all. Whatever he'd done, however it worked, once the snow stopped it made sense to leave. If there was no reason to stay, we should go. Except I had a reason I wanted to stay. I couldn't tell him that, though. I shouldn't.

"How did you know which car was mine?" I asked, grasping for a reason, any reason, not to leave. "Are you sure you cleaned the right one?"

He hesitated. His eyes widened for a second, alarmed, or maybe not. He returned to his regular calm and collected self almost immediately, and I realized I must have imagined it. I wanted a reason for this ending not to be an ending, and I kept creating illusions in my mind to force it into becoming what I wished for. This, perhaps, was the creative writer in me. Probably all of this was that, truthfully. None of this meant as much as I hoped it would and I only had myself to blame.

"It was the only car in the parking lot next to the library," Lucent said softly. "When I arrived Friday evening, it was the only car parked nearby, too. I believe my assumptions that the car belongs to you are correct, unless you've secretly parked many blocks away?"

"I did," I said, huffy. "I parked all the way across the city. I walked here during the snowstorm and if I leave now I'll have to trek all the way back through the snow. In a skirt. I'll catch a cold. What do you think of that?"

Lucent frowned. "Miss Tanner..."

I was acting rude and incessantly cantankerous and I knew it, but the words fit my thoughts and there was nothing else I could say. I was caught up in the suddenness of this all and I hated it. This wasn't my happy ending, my fairytale fantasy, and why couldn't he see that he could so easily provide it? It wasn't just this, our departure, but more than that. If he simply told me a few things. I didn't know exactly what things, but if he told me them, assured me, invited me to spend more time with him. If...

I did have his message to listen to when I arrived home. Perhaps that would settle this. Yes. I nodded inwardly, telling my bratty, moody self to stop playing these games. For all I knew, my distress was unfounded. Once I arrived home and listened to the message Lucent left me on my cell phone, perhaps all of these heart-clenching feelings would vanish.

Perhaps. I hoped so, at least. I didn't know for sure.

"I'm sorry," I said. "This is just sort of difficult for me."

He nodded. "I understand."

"Do you, though?" I asked. "I really enjoyed this weekend, Lucent. I'm glad I met you."

He smiled a little, but it was a sad smile. His eyes dropped slightly and he looked at me softly. "I'm glad I met you, too, Miss Tanner."

"Are you really?"

"Yes."

"Will you say more than that?"

"I don't know what more to say," he said.

"Anything?" I suggested. "You can say anything at all and I'll like it."

He nodded and thought and said nothing and thought and then nodded once more. Then he spoke. "I apologize that I never ended up being able to teach you more about cards," he said. "I promised you in the beginning that I would attempt to show you a few of my tactics, but it seems time flew away from us."

"It's alright," I said, forcing myself to smile. "You can do it some other time. I'd like to invite you to my apartment, maybe. I can make us some real food. I do cook rather well."

I sort of cooked fine. Saying "rather well" made it sound better, though. It should be adequate cooking, I hoped. I knew my way around the kitchen, at least, and I had a few tricks with food like Lucent had tricks with cards. If all else failed, I could ask Margaret to help me before he showed up.

If he accepted, at least. He refused to commit to asking me on a date now? Well, I'd ask him on one instead. How did he like that?

"I think I would like that," he said, smiling.

"You can come over Wednesday," I said quickly; probably too quickly. "I usually work late here during the weekdays, but Wednesdays are quiet and I can find someone to cover my shift or ask if I can go home early. What do you like to eat?"

"I'm unsure if Wednesdays work for me, Miss Tanner. I apologize for not being able to give you a definitive answer at the moment."

"Oh," I said.

He breathed in deeply, exhaling just as much. What was this? I watched him, confused.

"You do have your phone messages to listen to," he said. "Don't forget."

Oh. Oh! Yes. Well, of course I hadn't forgotten. But him saying it now made me feel... better? If he mentioned it, it must be important.

"Messages?" I asked, grinning. "More than one?"

"Indeed. I left you another while you slept. Something else came up that warranted further discussion."

"I'll listen to them," I said. Biting more of my granola bar, eating it fast, I nodded happily. "I'll listen to them, Lucent. I promise. Hurry, let's eat. I want to listen to them soon."

"Of course," Lucent said.

We ate. I ate fast and he ate slower, but it didn't matter, because we didn't have much food. He might be one of those people who doesn't eat a lot in the mornings, I thought. It made sense. That must be why he only brought a few things for breakfast, too. I'd worried before, thinking it odd, but I shouldn't bother myself with silly things like that. I overanalyzed situations sometimes and worried about the silliest things.

This wasn't that, though. Nothing to worry about.

...

We finished eating and then I dressed. Lucent wore all of his clothes already, but I wore none. Not that this bothered me, and I would have gladly remained nak*d if only we were staying in the library, but as we weren't, I needed to dress. Unfortunate, that. Oh well.

He offered to escort me to my car and I gladly accepted. Maybe... maybe more?

"Are you still hungry?" I asked him as we headed to the front library desk so I could fetch my purse and winter coat. "Maybe if you aren't too busy we could get some food at a diner? I know a nice place fairly close by."

Lucent smiled at me but shook his head. "I fear I have much to do, Miss Tanner. I typically never spend this long away from my work, regardless of if I have the day off or not. I need to push myself back on track, as it were."

"Fear, hm?" I asked, teasing him. Snatching up my purse and tossing on my coat, I rushed to his side and grabbed his arm. "Are you afraid, Lucent? I fear you might become famished if you don't eat more. What do you say to that?"

"Everyone knows fear," Lucent countered with a soft smile. "I won't go hungry, though. You needn't worry about that. I have a varied assortment of foods at my house and keep my cabinets well stocked in case of emergencies."

"Do you?" I asked.

He nodded, perfunctory. "Yes."

"If you'd like I could come over and make us some better breakfast? I don't know what you have, but I can figure something out."

Lucent breathed in deep, then sighed. "I doubt that's a good idea, Miss Tanner."

"Oh," I said. "I suppose I might distract you, yes."

Not that I would mind distracting Lucent; in fact, I'd probably enjoy it quite a bit. Distractions were never good for work, though. Or mostly not good. I was sure that quite a few distractions must have led to breakthroughs in something or other, but those must be the exceptions to the rules, as opposed to standard fare. Suffice to say, I doubted the distractions I had in mind--or, more to point, the distractions I hoped Lucent might have in mind--were of the exceptioned variety. An exceptional variety, perhaps, but that was different.

Lucent walked me to the door while I dreamed of exceptions and distractions. Outside, prim and neat, someone had shoveled a path to the street. It looked nice, as far as shoveled paths looked, I supposed. Clear. We walked along it, onto the street, and towards the parking lot. Everything was clearer today than it was yesterday, but the city still needed some time before returning to normal. Across the street, a sidewalk plow worked at doing just that. Down a side street somewhere else, I heard the thrum of a plow truck clearing away the back roads.

The library parking lot was... odd. More shoveling, another path, but this one went directly to my car and a little past it. Essentially, I had a perfect arrangement to pull out of my spot and get to the road, but nothing more. The parking lot still needed quite a bit of plowing, but I could escape with my car, at least. And, odder still, my entire car was cleared off. No snow atop it, on the side of it, anywhere on it, under it. Not even a speck of ice on the windshield or the body.

I had no clue how that worked. "Um," I said, staring at it.

Should I even say anything? I didn't really mind, but when we first left I expected to need to wait for my car to warm up and melt away the ice and snow while chipping at it with my barely adequate ice scraper snow brush thing.

"How fortuitous," Lucent said. He sounded weird. Odd, even. "The morning sun must be strong enough to have cleaned off your car completely."

"Oh," I said. "Really?"

He shrugged. "Perhaps."

"Oh."

Silence. I reached into my purse for my keys and they dangled and jangled in my hand. Unlocking my car door, I opened it wide and stared inside.

"It was a pleasure meeting you, Miss Tanner," Lucent said. "Everything seems in order. I'll be leaving now. I appreciate you housing me in your library during the blizzard. Thank you."

He nodded, bowing slightly, and turned to walk away.

"Lucent," I said.

He turned back, tilting his head to the side. "Yes?"

"Will you kiss me goodbye?"

He frowned and muttered. "Miss Tanner..."

I wasn't about to deal with him like this. I didn't know why he felt the need to be the way he was right now, but I disliked it. To get my point across, I swiftly closed the distance between us and wrapped my arms around him, holding him close. Pushing myself up on my tiptoes, I touched my nose to the end of his chin. If I had heels on, I could've kissed him fine on my own, but in my boots I couldn't quite reach.

Lucent watched me, looking at me with deep, observant eyes. What did he see in me, I wondered? What was he seeing right now? An obsessive, strange woman who wanted him to kiss her in the middle of the day in a snowed-in parking lot, probably. I was that, and I didn't even care.

He embraced me, squeezing me close, then lowered his head to kiss me. I expected something soft, more formal, and chaste, but Lucent exceeded my expectations. He pressed his lips against mine, firm and demanding. Desirous, needy, I kissed him back, hard. I closed my eyes and held him tight and hoped he never let me go.

He did, though. He did release me, but not before I felt all of him. His emotions and feelings, a sorrow and longing, yearning, passion, maybe a little obsession of his own. Attraction and compelling temptation, all of it. He did like me. A person couldn't kiss like that if they didn't like the other person, and so I just knew Lucent must like me, but then... why? Why were we leaving each other?

The message, I reminded myself. My phone.

"Goodbye, Miss Tanner," he said. His eyes gleamed, quietly sad.

I smiled at him and squeezed his hands in mine. "Goodbye, Lucent. I hope to see you again."

He nodded, but said nothing. Maybe that was a hard thing to say? He was like that sometimes; locked up in his mind and too private. That was fine. I convinced myself he must have opened up to me in his phone message. Once I charged my phone and listened to him telling me everything, I could replay the messages as much as I liked and listen to them over and over again.

For a moment, Lucent hesitated. A brief flicker in the overall stream of time, but then that moment passed and he turned and started to walk away. I watched him go, smiling to myself, hoping maybe he might turn around and smile at me and wave. Or turn and stop and run back to me and put his arms around my waist and lift me up and spin me around in the air.

Yes, he would say. Come to my house and make breakfast. I'll work while you do, and I need to work after, too, but... You have your college course book and you can study while I do what I need to get done, but let's stay together today because we want to, Elise, not because we have no other choice.

He didn't turn around, nor did he say any of that. I dreamed he did, though, and for now that was enough. I understood. Not everything could be as nice and lovely as the past couple of days. That wasn't an all-the-time kind of thing, but a once in awhile, sometimes thing. Occasional. Maybe next weekend we might do something similar? On our date?

He never asked me on a date, or at least he hadn't yet, but I knew he would. Or, he should, anyways. Lucent confused me.

I walked to my car and stepped inside, closing the door behind me. Breathing softly, sighing, watching my cold breath fog against the window, I smiled to myself.

Right now, the day was sad, but today was a good day. It would be happier, and I'd laugh at this moment later. I laughed a little now, wondering how I could worry about nothing. I did worry, though. My chest hurt a little, my heart constricted and confined. Lucent liked those BDSM things and rope and all of that, and I think he might have bound me up in more ways than one.

I put the key in the ignition and turned it. My car roared to life, greeting me with a friendly purr. The heaters warmed me with a gentle heat far too quickly, but I thought nothing of it. Making myself smile, I put the car into gear and prepared to drive home.

...

I arrived home and Vanessa greeted me, but I told her I was tired and needed to go lay down for a bit. Which was sort of true, but not entirely. Mostly, I wanted to charge my phone.

I tried. My phone pissed me off. What kind of junk phone was this?

Well, my phone was outdated and the charger was old, which proved frustrating. I plugged the phone into the charger and had the great idea of turning it on right then while it charged, but my phone disliked that. It did power on, but only for a few seconds, before turning off again. The display politely informed me that it was currently charging, though.

I tried again but it shut off again. Not enough power, I guessed. I waited ten minutes and tried once more, but this barely worked. The phone powered up to the main screen, with my picture of a cute kitten in the background, but then it shut off again.

I nearly threw it against the wall in annoyance, except I stopped because I'd never be able to listen to my messages if the broke the stupid thing. Not such a great idea, Elise, I told myself. Just let it sit. I changed into pajamas and flopped on my bed and pouted.

Vanessa had muffins like she always did, and I groaned and grumped in my room for a few minutes before joining her in our living room for our Sunday routine. She flipped through TV stations while munching on her cranberry orange muffin while I sat on our couch with my knees tucked up to my chest, feet on the couch, barely nibbling at my butter rum baked good. Mine was also a muffin, but somewhat malformed so that it looked more like a biscuit. It tasted nice, though.

We watched nothing on TV, because nothing good was ever on TV, and I sat there, fidgeting, antsy, sprung up, waiting.

"So," Vanessa said.

"Yes," I said.

"What did you and him do?"

Oh God. I couldn't tell her these things! "We watched a movie," I said. "We read books, too. There were sandwiches and we grabbed snacks from the vending machine, so that was fine. Um, the power went out for awhile, but there's a fireplace in one of the rooms upstairs, so we burned some books to keep warm."

"You just tossed books into the fireplace?" Vanessa asked, sounding impressed.

I laughed and rolled my eyes. "We used ruined books. They were going to be thrown away anyways, so it didn't matter, just nobody had thrown them away yet, that's all."

"Ah," she said.

I nodded. That's all I was going to tell her. No more.

"So," she said. "Did you have sex or anything?"

"What exactly does anything entail?" I asked.

"You're avoiding the question, Elise!" She pointed her muffin at me like some objecting prosecution lawyer.

"I'm not," I said. "You're asking a very vague question, though."

"Hm." She removed her muffin from accusing me and pulled a hunk off it, plopping the piece into her mouth. "I suppose I meant more like... did you do anything sexual? Was there flirting? Did he go down on you?"

Oh boy. I couldn't tell her any of this, but I blushed because of what I couldn't tell her.

"You did do something with him, didn't you!" she shrieked.

"Be more quiet!"

"Or what? The neighbors are going to hear me? Who cares?"

"I do," I said. "We didn't do anything like that."

"Did you kiss?" she asked.

"I'm not talking about this."

"Alright, so you kissed." She nodded, happy with her illogical deduction. "Hm. What else?"

"I'm tired again," I said. "I'm going to go take a nap."

"Oh, sure. Su~re," she said. She sounded anything but agreeable right now. "I see how it is. You spend the weekend trapped with a rich, gorgeous man and partaking in some hedonistic orgy or something, and then you won't tell me anything about it."

"I'm fairly positive you can't have any sort of orgy between just two people," I said, retreating to my room.

"I wouldn't be so sure about that," Vanessa said, screaming at me as I closed the door to my bedroom. "You can do a lot of things if you put your mind to it."

I shut my door hard, trying to ignore her, but thoughts of multiple Lucents caressing and teasing and torturing me into a multi-tiered fit of ecstatic orgiastic pleasure refused to leave my mind. Not that I ever needed more than one Lucent, but if some crazed science experiment ever presented me with two or more of them, I didn't think I'd pass up the opportunity.

I should write a story about that, I thought. That could be my first official project outside of college work. Probably just for me, for practice, as I doubted anyone else would want to read it, but... the concept had merit. I liked it.

...

I...

What did I do? I didn't even know. I lay on my bed staring at the ceiling with my cell phone held against my ear. This was...

"To hear more options..." The robot woman's voice droned in my ear.

I felt so heavy and weird. What was I doing? This wasn't possible, was it? The robot woman's voice repeated my voice menu options. "To listen to this message again, please press..."

I knew what number to press. Yes. I needed to listen to Lucent's first message again. This had to be some kind of joke. I pressed the number to replay the message.

"Miss Tanner," Lucent said, his voice sounding odd and different through my phone. "I apologize for telling you everything this way, but I can't do it otherwise. I know I should be able to, and I feel wrong doing it like this, but whenever I see you smiling at me, or happy, or whenever you say anything, I can't. It's not you, nor anything that's your fault, but this came about because of my own faults."

This part made no sense to me at first. Listening to it again, I understood it completely.

"The problem is," he continued, "I should never have come to the library. I've lied to you and I regret it, but I came because I worried. I know more about you than you think, Miss Tanner. I knew you were working when I arrived at the library, and I knew your name already. I know where you attend college and your general schedule throughout the day. This sounds scary, I'm sure, and I hope it won't upset you too much, though I believe you have every right to be upset."

Well, yes. And hearing him say those things did upset me somewhat, but mostly because I didn't understand. How did he know this?

"I've watched you. This is pathetic, and I realize it, but I first noticed you leaving the library one day. I stayed late to work on a private project for Mr. Landseer and during a momentary break, I glanced out of my office window. I have a direct view to the front of the library and I saw you leaving. I watched you enter your car and drive off and that was it. Nothing more nor less."

"I saw you again another time. This happened later, and I'd mostly put you out of my mind, but I recognized you immediately. I was walking past the library after retrieving lunch from a delicatessen down the street--perhaps you know of it, Sam's--and I noticed you entering the library. Presumably you were just arriving for your scheduled work shift after finishing your lectures for the day, though I have no real way of knowing that."

He paused and breathed in deeply. This was a long message.

"It's likely you won't believe me when I say this, but I found you enchanting, Miss Tanner. I rarely stayed late at work before unless necessary, and usually took my work home with me if I required more time, but upon seeing you that day, and realizing I'd seen you before, I started staying to see if I might see you again. And I did. Daily. For weeks. It's been far more than weeks now, and I'm ashamed of it."

I frowned slightly hearing the heartbreak in Lucent's voice. The message had scared me at first, but listening to it a second time made me feel... something. I didn't quite know how to classify what I felt, but it wasn't altogether terrible. Which seemed odd considering he was essentially telling me he'd stalked me. And he said as much right then.

"I'm nothing more than a lowly stalker, Miss Tanner. I was content, though. I enjoyed seeing you leave and I liked knowing that you arrived at your car safely and left the library in a timely manner every day. I have an obsession with safety. After spending the weekend with me, you might understand this more now. The problem with that is that, while I know it's wrong, I did nothing to stop it. Truth be told, I could have removed us safely from the library. Mrs. Landseer, Asher Landseer's wife, offered to send a helicopter for us on the second day once she found out what happened."

Yes, I thought, but on the second day I didn't want to leave. I didn't even want to leave earlier today. I didn't...

"I went to the library because I knew you were there and I worried. I should never have gone, nor should I have worried. I watched you from Landseer Tower and I grew an unhealthy attachment towards you. I even went so far as to find a street photographer willing to take a zoomed picture of you as you entered the library one day. I keep it on my office desk and I like to look at it. This is horrible, and no doubt I've scared you beyond repair right now. I realize this. That is why I'm leaving you this message."

Out of everything he told me, this next part hurt the most.

"I shall not bother you again, Miss Tanner. Please accept my sincerest and deepest apologies. I have used unscrupulous methods to learn more about you, I have done background checks on you to make certain you were as innocent and pure as I imagined, and in those regards you were wonderful. I am corrupt, though. I am not a good person. I do enjoy domination, as you already know, but it is an abuse of power to do such things to you, despite my wants, because of the manner in which I've come to know you."

"You were uninformed," he said. "You knew nothing of what I was doing or who I was, while I knew everything about you already. I apologize for my deceit, but that's no excuse. Honestly, I've enjoyed every moment with you in your library, and the reason I'm acting cowardly and leaving this message for you instead of telling you forthright is because I'd like to enjoy more moments with you while I can. There will be no more moments after this. I am despicable. I..."

He sounded choked, hurt, pained. My heart leaped out of my chest, longing to hold him and tell him it was alright. He didn't need to be upset or bothered or hurt. He didn't need to be...

"Goodbye, Miss Tanner. Please believe me when I say I never meant any harm in what I did."

I did. I believe him. I wanted to tell him. The robot woman droned on again and... "Just shut up!" I screamed at her. Save the message! I want to save it! I pounded the number to save it as hard as I could while tears and pain welled up in my eyes.

I had another message from Lucent, too. I'd almost forgotten about that.

"I've told you everything important already," Lucent said. No preamble here; straight to the point. "I need to inform you of my further transgressions." Apparently I was his pastor and my phone was his confessional booth.

"I fully intended on leaving you this morning. All logic dictates I should have. I wrote you a message and left it with your breakfast, which I assume we shall eat together soon. This will be upsetting to me, though I hope it won't ruin your mood. My messages will do a good enough job of that already. Despite what I have just told you, I've decided not to leave. I am doing this for a few reasons."

Well, good, you a**hole, I thought. I'm glad you didn't leave.

"Mr. Landseer and his personal driver assisted in shoveling out the front of the library for our imminent departure. Along with that, they aided me in shoveling out your car. Now, I am told this is scary, so I apologize in advance, but I thought it prudent to pick the lock on your car. I have already told you that I know a lot about you, and one piece of information that I learned--that I would never abuse, please believe me--is that you keep a spare key hidden in your car. For discretionary purposes, I shall not mention where, though I should add that I believe this is unsafe and you should refrain from doing this in the future."

Alright, so he broken into my car, and then he wanted to tell me to take precautions? This seemed wrong on multiple levels and it made me laugh.

"On a somewhat related tangent, Miss Tanner, I truly believe you should look into purchasing a newer car. Cars with manual locks are easy to break into for anyone with the knowledge of how to do it, and are also unsafe. Leaving that point behind us for the time being, I used your spare key to start your car and defrost your windows. I worried that you might rush upon leaving in order to listen to my previous message and potentially bring harm to yourself."

Lucent was dumb. Lucent was an idiot. I liked him so much it was ridiculous.

"I needed to inform you of this, because while I know breaking into people's cars is wrong, I did so with the best intentions. As I plan never to speak with you again after--"

Why? No. I needed to speak with him.

"--this, I needed to tell you in the only possible way I had. Also, while I'm burrowing holes into Hell, I want you to know you're very attractive when you sleep, and I apologize for waking you with sexual advances. I believe what I have done is technically considered sexual assault by deceptive means and if you wish to press charges against me, I shall fully accept whatever punishment is deemed fit by the legal avenue through which you pursue your accusations. Goodbye again, Elise, and I apologize."

Elise. I frowned and stared at the ceiling and pressed the number to save that message, too. Why did he have to do this to me? I didn't understand.

Yes, it was odd what he'd done. What he'd done for awhile. I didn't quite know how I felt about being watched, but in all honesty, Lucent wasn't a bad person. If he came out and told me that he'd stalked me for months(or however long) before any of this had ever happened, I'd freak out. I knew this, and I knew this was the logical thing to do. If someone stalks you, you dislike it.

Except I had a difficult time telling myself that I disliked Lucent. It was strange, of that I had no doubts, but I liked how he worried. Was that odd? Maybe. I just...

It was sweet in a way. Maybe sweet in a misguided way, but that's what Lucent was. Misguided. Odd. He was strange and irregular and handsome and sexy and hot. Demanding! It kind of fit his personality, now that I thought about it.

Would I mind if he stalked me now? No, probably not. Actually, I sort of liked the idea. Like some rich superhero protector almost. Yes, he broke into my car, but he used his heightened intellect to do so, and he did it for good reasons. He used his powers for good, not evil.

Except for when he tied me up or spanked me. He was allowed to be a little evil then. Just a little bit, just enough. That was fun.

Not even just fun. It was exciting! And...

I shall not bother you again. Goodbye, Miss Tanner.

I needed to call him and talk to him. Yes, he was... odd. I refused to call him a stalker or obsessed, because those were very negative words. Lucent had a singular focus, and that focus was me. That sounded sort of nice, right? I imagined if a journalist queried married women about their husbands, one of the prime responses would be that they wanted the men to pay attention to them and cherish them, and, well...

Lucent was that. He paid attention to me and cherished me, and maybe he did it in a slightly faulty way, but no one was perfect.

He did want perfect, though, didn't he? His contract. What was that about? Did he keep it and hide it away and plan on asking me some day? Except, no, he said he hadn't, and while I probably shouldn't have been so trustworthy considering he'd just told me he'd singularly focused(read: stalked, but that sounded so mean) on me for a lengthy period of time, I did. I trusted him and I believe him. The contract was still never meant for me.

But that didn't change the fact that he did want someone perfect. He said he found me enchanting. I'd exceeded expectations. Pleasing. He'd said so many nice things to me this weekend, and he'd continued saying nice things even after he knew I would freak out about his voicemail message.

He said he planned to leave me this morning, but changed his mind because he worried.

Well, Mr. Lucent Storme, I thought. You're completely wrong and an idiot. I'm going to call you.

I should have his number, right? In my phone's missed message list? I clicked fast to get to it and found it and...

It wasn't there. Why? Wait. Dammit! It was because my phone wasn't on when he called me. It didn't save numbers from people when that happened, and though this rarely happened, now was the worst time for it to happen. I glared at my phone, hoping to intimidate it into revealing Lucent's phone number, but it glowed softly at me, oblivious to my threatening gaze.

What a useless phone.

I had a computer, though. I had the internet. If Lucent stalked me, it was fair turnabout to stalk him, right? I thought so, yes. And even if it wasn't, who was going to chastise me for it? Lucent? He couldn't very well condemn me for doing the same things he did. Or, I didn't think he could. I supposed technically he could, but if he did he'd need to do so in person because I wouldn't listen to him otherwise. And if he did so in person, I'd distract him by squeezing my arms around his waist and kissing him every time he tried to speak. I'd wear good heels so I was tall enough to do so, too. He had no chance in this.

Tossing my phone onto my bed, I rushed to grab my laptop and power it up. My laptop was newer and not as terrible and useless as my phone. Also, it had all weekend to charge, and so it was fully powered up and working without issue.

It took awhile to turn on, though. I needed to wait. I never minded waiting much before, but right now I found myself becoming an extremely impatient person.

...

After an inordinate amount of time, I decided the internet was useless. Lucent Storme's personal contact information didn't exist. Or, if it existed, it didn't exist for me. I checked lots of phone number websites and search things. I didn't even know how any of these places worked, but it didn't seem to matter. They revealed nothing.

I looked on Facebook and he didn't even have a profile there. What kind of person didn't have a Facebook profile? Alright, so I maybe didn't exactly know everything about Facebook, nor did I really use it much, but I did have a profile. I had a picture up, and some information put in, and Vanessa and Margaret were my friends on there, plus my mom and my grandmother. My grandmother had a Facebook profile and Lucent didn't. How weird was that?

My stalking was in poor shape, apparently. I did not have expertise in this field. Lucent did, or so he said. He must, really. He knew where I kept my car keys. In reality, this was kind of scary, but currently I found it impressive. Granted, I kept them in a somewhat obvious spot, but still.

This wasn't good. I'd distracted myself with trying to figure out his phone number and this had postponed the sinking feeling of depression looming over me, but with all my current options exhausted, the painful sensations returned tenfold. With my laptop on my lap, the heat of it warming my thighs, I collapsed against my headboard with a pillow pushing into the small of my back.

My heart thump-thump-thumped, beating fast, pounding against my chest, telling me it felt ill. Yes, well, heart, I don't feel so great myself. I needed to shower, too. I should do that. I would. Soon. I...

I had a sudden epiphany. This was amazing. This was it. I went to Google and searched for Landseer Enterprises then clicked my way to their main website. They had a search field for internal searches and I typed in Lucent's name, then clicked search.

The website went through the process of revealing everything to me. I hoped everything included Lucent's contact information. Even an email address would be nice. I didn't need a personal one; a company email should work fine, too. Maybe a number? He wasn't working today, but if I found his extension, I could call tomorrow and get connected to him and...

Maybe that was going too far. It did seem sort of excessive? Except, no. Lucent had already been excessive, so anything I did barely counted. This is what I told myself, though I doubted the veracity of my rationalization. I doubted it, but I didn't even care, because that's what I was going to do. If Lucent had a problem with it, well... he could spank me. Or stuff. That's what Vanessa said randomly after sentences sometimes, right? I thought I'd enjoy Lucent's stuff.

The website finally loaded my search results and... nothing.

Or, it did have something, but not quite what I wanted. One result, one choice. I clicked it because it was the only thing to click, but it wasn't what I wanted to click.

The website brought me to a career choices page with an opening as a personal assistant for Lucent Storme. Expiration date for the opening was "ongoing" and the requirements included a bachelor's degree, 2+ years of personal assistant experience, computer expertise, spreadsheet, email, and word processor knowledge, and a few more details.

Mostly, I had none of these. I knew about spreadsheets and email and word processor programs, and I did have my bachelor's degree, but not in anything at all related to personally assisting the Director of Public Relations for Landseer Enterprises. I also had no experience in this field. This, I decided, didn't matter at all.

To inquire about this position, please bring your resume to Landseer Enterprises during our usual business hours and request an appointment with the ground floor secretary. No calls. No emails.

Yes, well... yes. Yes. That was it. Yes. This was the only choice I had currently, and I was going to do it. Tomorrow.

I didn't have a resume. How should I write a resume? Creatively, I assumed. I didn't even really want the job, so I assumed it didn't matter what kind of terrible resume I brought with me, but I also didn't want to bring something terrible, because Lucent might want to see it.

"Oh, Miss Tanner," he'd say. "Let me see your resume. I see here you are completely inadequate and you've decided to waste my time. Please leave."

He wouldn't do that, would he? I hoped not. He definitely wouldn't do it if I brought a legitimate and useful resume.

I spent the rest of my Sunday afternoon figuring out how to write a resume.

Maybe the internet wasn't entirely useless.

...

I arrived at the library on Monday afternoon for my scheduled shift at the library. I felt nervous. I didn't need to do this. If I just went into work like nothing was wrong, did my time, performed the tasks necessary of me, I could forget all about everything and...

No. I didn't want to forget everything. It hurt too much. I stepped inside the front door, remembering everything that had happened. Glancing to the side, I saw a high school-aged boy using the same computer that Lucent and I had watched our movie on. In the children's section were the beanbags, and then the book club room where he'd spanked me, and upstairs in the... the... I couldn't think about it anymore. It hurt.

Rob stood behind the main desk, working on some paperwork. He glanced up and saw me and smiled.

"Elise, thanks for coming in. Sorry about all of the problems we had over the weekend," he said. "You didn't have to stay, you know? I appreciate the effort, though. I'll figure out a way to pay you extra."

How did he know I stayed? I must have given him a funny look, because he added, "Someone left a message on the library answering machine. A Mr. Storme? I don't know exactly. He mentioned you two ended up stuck in here because of the snow and he'd pay the library back for the books."

"Oh," I said.

"We were going to throw them out anyways, and it kept you safe, so it's not a big deal, though."

I nodded. I nodded, and... "Did he leave a phone number?"

"No. He just said he'll send a check to cover the costs. I'll rip it up once I get it, I guess. Maybe mail it back to him. I don't know what to do exactly. There's no reason to take his money."

I nodded again. This wasn't working.

"Can I take the day off?" I asked suddenly.

Rob blinked at me. "Did something happen? I guess you must be stressed after the snow incident and all, yeah."

"No," I said. "No, that's not it. Just..."

He smiled at me, urging me to continue.

"Rob, I really do like working here, don't get me wrong, but I wanted to apply for another job, and I'd like to bring my resume there today and hopefully have an interview."

"Oh," he said, looking confused. "Oh, sure."

"I probably won't get the job, but I just want to see how it goes. In fact, I'm pretty sure I don't have a chance, as I don't meet any of the higher qualifications, but I really feel like I should do this."

"What qualifications?" he asked. "Did you bring your resume?"

"Yes."

"Mind if I take a look?"

I swallowed hard and nodded. Digging through my purse, I found my folded up resume and showed it to him. He took it, unfolded it, and scanned through it.

"This looks good," he said. "You don't have any references, though. I know you can just put that you can provide them upon request, but it's not a bad idea to list a few beforehand. You can use me as a reference. Lie a little if you want." He grinned. "I'll confirm whatever I'm asked, so don't worry. None of this should be a problem for you, anyways. I bet you're a shoe-in for the position."

"Rob..." I wanted to cry. Why was he being so nice? I'd just told him I wanted to apply for another job, and here he was helping me do it wholeheartedly. I felt traitorous, almost, especially because I really did like this job. I didn't want to leave, but... I needed to talk to Lucent so badly. Just talking, just to figure this out.

Rob laughed. "Elise, you can't cry before you go in to drop off your resume. This is good. It looks like a great job. If you don't get it, you're welcome back here. If you do get it but you don't like it, you can come back here, too. Even if you don't want to work here anymore, I'd love to see you stop by now and then. I know how much you like the library. You'll always be a really important part of it, no matter what happens."

I smiled and nodded and almost cried. I told myself not to cry, though; it worked, but barely.

"I'll write down my contact info, alright? It's not printed, but it's better than nothing. I'll use my library stamp. It'll look different and set you apart from the other candidates."

I didn't even know if there were any other candidates. Unable to speak for fear of bursting into tears, I stood there and watched as Rob inked his stamp with a stamp pad, then pressed it against the reference section of my resume, imprinting his information in glistening black ink.

"You should probably let it dry for a moment," he said. "Here, tell me about what happened this weekend. Was everything fine? It was really clean when I came in this morning, so I'm guessing everything worked out."

I told him, but I couldn't tell him much without choking up. I mentioned Lucent sparingly, and told Rob we were mostly fine. We watched movies, used the vending machine, played cards, read books. Nothing out of the ordinary.

My entire weekend was extremely extraordinary, but by the way I explained it to Rob, it must have sounded like the most regular couple of days to ever exist.

...

I walked through the revolving doors of Landseer Tower, resume in hand. Rob let me leave my college backpack at the library so I could maintain a higher degree of professionalism, but I still had my purse. With my resume and my purse, and what I hoped was an appropriately suitable outfit for a place with this amount of prestige, I approached the lobby desk.

I'd never entered Landseer Tower before. It was near the library, barely a few blocks away, but I rarely went this way to go anywhere. I knew it was nice, but I never realized exactly how nice it was. On my way to the front secretary's desk, I caught myself ogling the fountain. They had a fountain! In the lobby? Really?

Were there fish in it? I saw a glisten of copper, so I assumed people tossed pennies in it for good luck. I wondered if I had a penny, because I thought I definitely needed some luck right about now.

The lobby secretary stared at me while I ignored her and stared at the fountain.

"Can I help you?" she asked, her stringent tone bringing me back to the situation at hand.

I shifted on my feet and collected my bearings. "Yes," I said, sounding more confident than I felt. "I'm here to apply for a position within the company."

The woman nodded at me. "Do you have an appointment?"

"Um." What had the website mentioned again? I should've practiced for this, but in my rush to talk to Lucent, I hadn't fully prepared. I wanted to think I had, but seeing as I didn't know what to say right now, I must not have.

"Yes?" she asked.

"I think the notice on the website mentioned to request an appointment here," I said. "I don't remember exactly, but I can tell you what position it is, and what..."

"Personal assistant for Lucent Storme," she said, interrupting me.

"Er, yes, actually. That's it. How did you know?"

"That's the only position where it says to request an appointment in person," she said. "It's also the only position that we aren't accepting appointments for."

I blinked at her. "What?"

"Is that your resume? I can give it to the HR manager and see if he can find another spot for you, but the Storme position isn't currently accepting."

"What do you mean?" I asked. "I saw it on the website."

I definitely saw it! I saw it more than once, actually. I checked this morning, and then during one of my breaks in between classes, and I'd called Vanessa on my way to the library to ask her to check it again. It was there, and I knew it, and why was this woman telling me it wasn't?

She nodded as if this happened a lot. "It's sort of a business thing," she said. "I don't know the specifics. I'm just like you, kind of, you know? But there's been a lot of applicants for that position and it never works out. Usually everyone interviews with a hiring manager beforehand, but for the personal assistant job with Mr. Storme, he's in direct control of the hiring process, and he's given strict orders to turn everyone away."

"Why's the position even on the website then?" I snapped. Was this some ploy of hers? Was she competition? Did she want Lucent for herself? I stared at her, scrutinizing her, but she didn't look at all like what I imagined a jealous, spiteful woman would look like. Granted, I hadn't ever met a jealous, spiteful woman, but I thought I'd know one when I saw her.

She balked and fidgeted with a pen on her desk. "It's something about corporate policies. Every higher up is supposed to have an assistant to help with their tasks, except they're in charge of hiring their own, right? So the position is open and stays like that because Mr. Storme doesn't have an assistant, but he refuses to hire one, too. Kind of weird, huh? To be honest, you wouldn't want to work for him, anyways. He's a bit off, if you know what I mean."

"I'm applying for this position," I said, gritting my teeth. My cheeks burned red with anger and I was on the verge of tears, but I didn't care anymore. Some random woman sitting behind a desk at a fancy tower wasn't going to stop me from doing what I needed to do. She just wasn't.

"I can see if someone can fit you in for another appointment but..."

"No," I said, very firmly. "I'm here to apply for the personal assistant position with Lucent Storme and I am requesting you set up an appointment so I may speak with him about my prospects. That is what I want you to do."

She frowned at me, some sad, sympathetic look. She didn't know, nor did she understand. How could she? I didn't expect her to, and yet if she'd just... it was so simple. All she needed to do was page him, or whatever system they had for that, and then...

Someone came up next to me and put their hand on my shoulder and I nearly punched them, that's how frustrated I was right now. If they tried to escort me out of the building, I was going to cause a scene, I knew it.

"Sandy," a woman's voice said, commanding and sweet. "Elise has an appointment with Lucent already. He must have forgotten to set it up properly. I'll take her upstairs, alright?"

I had an appointment with Lucent already? How? What? I turned and looked and stared at the woman. Oh my God! It was Jessika Landseer. This was... I shouldn't have stared or gaped or acted like some starstruck idiot, but I did all of those things.

"Mrs. Landseer," I said. "Thank you. Um. I know Lucent, er... Mr. Storme, and I saw the position on the website, so I thought..."

She smiled at me, happy and nice. Reaching for the resume I kept clenched between my fingers(or, now, balled in my fist), she tilted her head to the side, silently asking for it. I handed it to her, unsure what else to do. This was Jessika Landseer, wife to Asher Landseer, and a billionaire in her own right.

She wrote books, too. I'd read one once, thinking that people only bought them because of who she was, but afterwards I knew that wasn't it. She wrote nicely, clean and crisp, with a specific poetic flair that lured you on, word after word. Also, the stories were interesting, too. Fun, character-driven, with enjoyable plots. Different, too.

I wanted to gush, even though I shouldn't gush, but I did gush. "I've read your books," I said. "One of them, at least. I really liked it. I'm in a Creative Writing program now at the state college and my hope is to be published one day, too."

She smirked at me, playful. "Are you here for the Lucent position or should I set up an interview between you and I?"

"Oh," I said. "Sorry. No, I can't. I'm here to talk with Lucent."

She escorted me to the elevators; they were a crystal clear glass affair, rising up throughout the building. They reminded me of a Roald Dahl book I'd read when I was younger: Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator. Did these elevators have buttons to every conceivable place? If I pushed the correct one, would it transport me directly to where I wanted to go? Directly to Lucent, a hasty arrival, or would I mistake the buttons and end up trapped in orbit in outer space like in the book?

Likely neither, but the fantasy of it intrigued me. I'd like that, I thought. A direct shuttle to Lucent, wherever he was.

The elevator dinged and the doors opened. I entered alongside Mrs. Landseer, walking in a daze. I just wanted to see Lucent, but it seemed so hard.

She pushed a button and the door to the elevator closed. The two of us were the only ones inside.

"Do you want to tell me what happened?" she asked.

I glanced over at her, confused. "What do you mean?"

"With you and Lucent? In the library?"

"Oh." She knew?

"I think he likes you, but he's difficult," she said with a nod.

"Oh."

"This is a good resume, by the way. I'm sure we could find a position for you here. Lucent would be an idiot to pass you up as his personal assistant, but he's extremely stubborn about these things. I don't understand him sometimes."

"I like that I don't understand him," I said. "I just wish he'd let me do it closer."

"Oh?" she asked, grinning. "Tell me more."

I blushed. "You're Jessika Landseer. You're famous. I..."

"Pft," she blew a puff of air up, sending it swishing into her bangs. "Stop that. I'm just me. You're just you. We're basically the same."

I scoffed. "I don't think so!"

"We both have to deal with difficult men," she informed me. "I think Lucent might have Asher beat in that department, though. Has he told you much?"

"He..." Should I tell her? I didn't want to get Lucent in trouble, especially with what amounted to the wife of his boss. Would they fire him if they knew? "He's been, um... potentially interested in me," I said.

"Yes, he's obsessed with you. It's kind of cute."

"I don't think he's obsessed," I said, cautious.

"I'm pretty sure he is. He has a picture of you on his desk, and that's from before you even met."

"Oh. Right." He did have that, didn't he? He mentioned it in his voicemail message.

"Are you scared?" she asked. She sounded vaguely concerned, but her expression was hopeful in an entirely opposite sort of way. Hoping I wasn't scared? I didn't know.

"Why would I be scared?"

"Good. I'm glad."

"What?"

She laughed. "Lucent's a wonderful person. I'm glad you like him enough to ignore his idiocy. He's intelligent in many ways, but he's a little daft in others. I think he needs someone like you."

"As an assistant," I added quickly.

"Of course," she said, rolling her eyes. "Sure. Let's go with that."

I blushed again and clutched at my purse. Soon enough, the elevator dinged our arrival and the doors opened once more.

"Lucent's office is this way," she said, guiding me down the hall. And another hallway. More halls, hallways, past doors. A minotaur's labyrinth of passages, all confined in one contemporary corporate tower.

And then Lucent's office. A silver plaque on the outside announced it as such: "Lucent A. Storme - Director of Public Relations."

I went to knock, because I thought that's what I should do, but Mrs. Landseer opened the door straightaway. She walked inside and urged me to follow her. I did, sheepish, tiptoeing in.

Lucent sat behind a desk at the opposite side of the room. After our entrapment in the library, he looked so different. Clean-shaven, with a fresh suit. And no longer walking around shirtless, I noted. I didn't know how I felt about that one. Of course I didn't expect him to walk around shirtless during working hours, but almost half of the time I'd known him he hadn't worn a shirt and I kind of liked that.

He furrowed his brow and glanced up from some paperwork. Smiling at Mrs. Landseer, he offered a curt nod as a greeting, and then he saw me. His friendly expression dimmed, darkened, vanished. He stared at me blankly.

"Elise is here to apply for your personal assistant position," Mrs. Landseer said brightly. She sounded far more enthusiastic about this than I felt at the moment.

"I see," Lucent said. "Unfortunately I do not require a personal assistant at this time, as I've told Mr. Landseer multiple times over, but I appreciate the concern."

No, I thought. No. You can't do this to me, Lucent. I'm not going to leave. I thought these things, but no amount of confidence enticed me into saying them aloud.

"Here's her resume," Mrs. Landseer said, approaching Lucent's desk with my resume in hand. Her business heels tapped against the carpet, a commanding beat.

Lucent begrudgingly took my resume and glanced at it. "Is this it, then?"

"I'd like you to consider me for the position," I whispered.

Lucent frowned at me, but he didn't look upset. "What did you say, Miss Tanner?"

"Lucent," I said, louder now, pleading. "Please? I don't even know how to write a resume. I've never done it before. I spent so long writing that, though. I would've emailed you or called you except I couldn't and... please?"

Mrs. Landseer smiled at me, reassuring, then she nodded to Lucent. "I'll leave you two be." With that, she stepped away from Lucent's desk and escorted herself out of his office.

"Come here," he said, motioning to a chair in front of his desk.

Before, in my mind, he had no such chair, but thankfully in reality it existed. I was so nervous now I could barely stand. I scurried forward, nearly tripping, and sat in the chair.

"I have a lot of work to do," he said softly. "I wanted to make this easier for the both of us by ending things as I did. Do you understand that?"

I shook my head. "No, not really."

He sighed and glanced at my resume again. "Miss Tanner, I appreciate the time you put into this. It looks intriguing and useful. I daresay, I'm pleased with your approach towards resume crafting. I can't hire you as my personal assistant, though. Not only do I not require someone to maintain my personal affairs, but I especially can't request you to handle them."

"Why?" I asked.

"I'm not a good person," he said. "I thought I informed you of this in my messages. Did you listen to them?"

I nodded.

"Then you should realize what I've done and I believe a common course of action is to be frightened and perhaps despise me. I can offer you my deepest regrets, but otherwise I have nothing for you."

"No," I said. "I don't hate you."

"You should."

"I don't."

"Please go home, Miss Tanner. I don't want to make this more difficult than it is."

Why was he doing this? I didn't understand and it hurt, but I was here now and I wouldn't. I wasn't going to leave.

"I came for an appointment for an interview," I said, hoping to sound stronger than I felt. "I'd like you to give me an opportunity."

He favored me with a sad smile. "I don't have the time. I apologize."

"I'll wait." My tongue nearly tripped on the words, that's how fast I said them.

"My schedule is very intensive. I have a lot to do."

"I don't mind waiting."

"I doubt I can fit you in today."

If I left, I knew this was it. I had nothing, no other chance, and I refused to accept that.

"That's fine," I said. "I don't mind. I'd prefer to wait."

Lucent watched me. What did he see, I wondered? What was he thinking? Sighing, he brought his hand to his face, covering his eyes and squeezing his forehead.

"I wish you weren't so difficult," he said. "I wish you understood how impossible this is. If you must continue this, you may wait, but I assure you it is highly unlikely I'll find the time today to interview you. You may sit on my couch."

He pointed to the side in one swift, fluid motion, indicating a leather couch against the far wall of his office with a shaded lamp looming over it and a window alongside it.

"Thanks, Lucent," I said.

He grumbled at me.

"Sorry," I stammered. "Thank you, Mr. Storme."

"Better," he said, but he still grumbled.

I wanted to run up and sneak behind his desk and kiss him on the cheek, but I thought maybe that was office sexual harassment or something. If I wanted him to consider hiring me, I couldn't sexually harass him during business hours. I needed to wait until after his work day ended before hopefully doing that.

...

I waited. Lucent worked.

I started my wait patiently, thinking he should give up eventually and accept my resolution. I was determined and I refused to leave and he'd notice that, wouldn't he? Would he like it and appreciate it? That didn't really matter, because I had no other options.

Sitting there quietly, my hands folded in my lap, I waited. I stared down, keeping myself from glancing at him for fear I'd look too eager for attention, but it didn't matter. Lucent never said anything to me.

After maybe an hour or so, I glanced up and saw him toiling away at some paper or other. He had a laptop off to his side and every now and again he'd look over at it, scroll through some things, type a bit, something or other. He wrote some things down on paper, while others he typed onto the computer. Back and forth, this that, scrolling, up, down, click, tap, write, repeat.

I watched him, curious. I didn't know what he was doing, nor what he was working at, but I wanted to know. I considered asking him, but then I thought better of it.

Still, he ignored me.

At one point, he did look over at me, but with no real, discernible intent. I had no idea what he was thinking, nor did I know if he wanted me to do something. If he did, he should say it, though.

He had said it, I thought. He told me to leave. I told him no. Was that a test? If I left, would he accept me? If I stood up right now and told him that I disagreed with him, but I trusted him, and then I walked out of his office, what then?

I couldn't. I didn't want to risk it. Now, even if this was it, I could see him. I could watch him working and see him next to me and we weren't speaking or interacting on any level, but this, for now, was enough. It was at least something compared to the nothing he intended to offer me otherwise.

I waited. Lucent worked.

The sky grew darker and I watched the sun set. The fluorescent lights overhead glimmered, keeping us lit and enlightened inside Landseer Tower. Lucent had told me he worked late into the night because he wanted to watch me and make sure I left the library alright, but he didn't need to do that now. He could make sure I was alright just by looking to the side. He didn't, though. I supposed he didn't really need to, since I didn't intend to go anywhere.

Scooting to the side, I switched on the lamp next to the couch. Not that I needed to, but I wanted to. Lucent glanced over upon hearing the click of the switch, and I smiled at him. He didn't smile back, though. He continued his work.

A few times during the day he left his desk and went to do something or other. Once or twice he left his office and walked somewhere. I didn't leave to go after him, because I was scared that this would somehow ruin everything.

I needed to use the bathroom, but I didn't want to go because I was afraid he'd lock me out. Would he do that? Resort to childish measures to keep me away? I'd sit outside his door, I thought. I'd sit and pout and wait. I didn't leave to use the bathroom, though. I would have liked to get something to drink afterwards, if I had left, but I couldn't leave.

The sun fully set and Lucent continued working and I waited. Then he turned off his laptop, put away his papers, set his desk into order, and stood up.

"I'm leaving," he said.

I stared at him, my mouth dropping. "What?"

"It's after eight in the evening, Miss Tanner. I'm going home to eat dinner, I shall perhaps read for awhile, and then I plan to sleep. I shall return tomorrow to commence working once more. For now, though, I am leaving. My business here is finished."

"My..." I choked on the word, on myself, my confidence and need. "What about my interview?"

"Unfortunately, as I informed you, I haven't the time for it."

"Can't you do it now? Before you leave?"

"No," he said. "I can't."

"Why are you doing this?" I asked.

"Why are you doing this?" he countered. "I informed you that I doubted I had the time to entertain you in this little game of yours, and yet you ignore me and wait for hours on end on my couch in my office doing nothing. What do you think you've accomplished here?"

"Why are you such an a**hole, Lucent? Why can't you just interview me? That's all I wanted."

He narrowed his eyes at me, glaring at me. "Did you just call me an a**hole, Miss Tanner?"

"Yes, I did, and I'll do it again if you keep it up."

"This," he said, waving his hands around, all-encompassing. "This is why. Do you understand now? You can't accept what I need, nor what I want. You act like this is some game, Miss Tanner, and you wait here, thinking that I'll treat you like a poor, homeless kitten and take you in, except I don't want that. I want a slave. I want you to bow to my every whim and ignore every possible concept of pleasuring yourself so that you can perfectly pleasure me. I require submission and you offer me defiance instead?"

"You've never given me a chance!" I shouted. "If I'm acting like a homeless kitten, it's because you treated me like one, Lucent. You saw me in the window and you walked into the pet store and you gave me attention, but then you left. You left me and I'm homeless again and..."

My whole body tensed and I wanted to squeeze him hard in my arms and make him feel how tight and upset I felt so that finally he might understand.

"Just... screw you!" I screamed. "I hate you!"

"Good," he said. A smug, self-satisfied smirk crinkled his annoying lips. "I'm glad we've come to a conclusion to this farce. Let's go. Leave now, please."

"No," I said.

"What?"

"I'm not your submissive or your slave or whatever you want," I said. "I don't have to listen to you and I'm not going to leave."

He glared at me and looked ready to heft me up onto his shoulder and carry me out, or spank me, or any number of things, but he stood his ground and fumed silently. His entire face burned an angry, aggressive red, unlike anything I'd ever seen from him before.

"I don't have the time to waste on you," he said. "I refuse to sit here while security bumbles around like idiots before coming to remove you from my office and from this building. I am leaving, though. I trust you enough, just barely, not to destroy my office. Once you've finalized this charade in your head, lock the door on your way out."

He snatched his laptop off his desk and stomped towards the door and out of his office.

Before he shut the door, I screamed at him. "Asshole!"

He left and I was alone and it hurt. This was all I had now: my purse, its contents, myself, and some vague memory of Lucent and I, confined and trapped inside of my mind like we'd been trapped inside of the library.

I didn't want this. I needed something else. I had no way of getting it, though.

Unsure what else to do, I returned to sitting on his couch and waiting.

...

Lucent was correct in that I couldn't wait in his office forever. I should've left, but I refused to completely do that, too. I did need to leave, though. I needed to use the restroom and get something to drink. Unfortunately I had no idea how to find either of those. Also, I fully expected his office door to lock me out once I left.

Perhaps that last part was irrational. I fidgeted with the door, attempting to figure out the lock, and it seemed simple enough. A button on the knob clicked to lock and unlock it, like most regular locks on most regular doors, but for some reason I doubted it. I needed some way to insure I could get back inside. Just in case.

If I left, got trapped out of the room, what would Lucent say then? I imagined him returning in the morning and seeing me huddled outside his office, my back to his door. In my mind, he smirked at me, and offered some snide, condescending remark. "Can't even stick to your word, Miss Tanner? Get out of here, you trash."

Was that it? Was that what I was to him? Because I wasn't his perfect submissive, I was nothing? He'd watched me, wanted me to be something I wasn't, and upon meeting me for the first time, he realized it. He toyed with me, treated me like a game, tested me to see how I stood up to his ideals. And he found me lacking. I was nothing to him.

Well, he could just go away then. Not really go away, but he needed to fix himself, because I didn't want to go away. I just wanted him to act the same as he had before because it was nice. We were nice together. I enjoyed all of it. My memories sustained me.

I really needed to use the bathroom, though. I slid a chair across the carpet towards the door. Opening the door, I slipped the chair between it and the door frame so it couldn't shut and lock me out, then I snuck into the hallways.

The drone of some nighttime cleaning person and his nighttime cleaning machines echoed down the hallway. What if he closed the door on me? I mean, if I were a nighttime cleaning person and I saw a random door propped open with a chair, I'd likely close it, too. I needed to leave a note.

I snuck back into Lucent's office, stole a piece of paper and a pen from his desk, then wrote a note. I had no way of hanging it on the door, so I left it on the seat of the chair instead, and made my escape once more.

In the middle of the night, stubborn beyond belief, probably the worst potential slave in the history of Master/slave relationships ever, I defied everything and searched for the bathroom. Also, I hoped I found a water bubbler or a vending machine or anything. I brought my purse along just in case.

...

I found a bathroom nearby to a breakroom. This provided some much needed relief.

The breakroom had a sink and a TV and some comfortable chairs, plus a corporate-style water machine(with nozzles for hot and cold water). I borrowed a cup from atop the water machine and filled the tiny paper thing with water. I drank it, filled it again, drank, filled, drank.

The breakroom had a vending machine, but it didn't have anything decent in it. Candy, mostly. On a whim, I opened the refrigerator and found an assortment of leftover food. I could eat this, I thought. Find something nice, like a sandwich, and eat it. Except none of these things were mine, and I didn't want to upset anyone, especially when they didn't know me. If I were in the library, I'd do it and tell the person later, but this wasn't the library.

What the heck was I doing in Landseer Tower? I knew what I was doing, and why I was doing it, but thinking about it more made me somewhat unsure of how any of this had happened. I should leave, except I didn't want to leave.

I thought, perhaps, I was having an existential crisis. I needed to leave and stay at the same time, and be two things at once, in two separate places, two entirely different people.

I was only one person, though, and if I kept bothering myself like this, I'd never figure anything out. Don't think, Lucent had told me once. It seemed so long ago now, but it happened this past weekend. Don't think, Miss Tanner. Just feel.

I did that. Having fixed my bathroom and thirst problems, I scampered through the halls like some audacious thief and returned to Lucent's office. The cleaning man stood near the door, staring at my note and the chair, clearly unsure what to make of it.

I offered him an apologetic smile and hurried inside. "Sorry," I said. "It's a late night tonight. I won't bother you."

He blinked at me, uncertain, but I closed the door behind me before he could comment on my strangeness.

...

"Elise."

I must have been dreaming, because I could've sworn Lucent was kneeling next to me with his hand on my shoulder, acting nice. It was a nice dream, though. Yawning, somewhat disoriented, I reached over for him and touched his face. Through sleepy, half-lidded eyes, I smiled at him.

He returned my smile with one of his own, but his brow creased with worry, too. "Did you stay here all night?"

"What?" I asked. This was an odd dream. Where was I?

"It appears," he said, sighing, "you've taken up occupancy within my office. You shouldn't sleep on couches like that. It's bad for your back. Here, get up."

I shifted on the couch, feeling lazy. I didn't entirely know what was going on, or why Lucent wanted to act nice to me all of a sudden after being a jerk before, but dreams were dreams and it didn't need to make sense. He helped me off of the couch and I lay on the floor with my head resting sideways on my forearms.

Lucent knelt beside me and pressed his fingers into my back, easing away the slight kinks of backache from my night on his couch.

His couch, I remembered. In his office. Which was here. Where we were. Currently. Right now.

I woke up with such immediate force that I thought I could surely cause a natural disaster if I knew how to harness this power. I didn't, nor did I want to do anything like that, but now I was angry. I rolled away from him and slapped at his hands and pulled myself off the floor. Glaring at him, refusing to accept his sudden kindness, I plopped onto his couch.

"Good morning," he said with a wry grin.

"I'm not speaking with you," I said.

"Did you stay here all night?" he asked. "I'm not sure what to think of that. You shouldn't have. You should have left."

"Yes, well, I didn't." I lifted my nose at him, haughty. "I intend to wait for my interview, Lucent. Please excuse my appearance, as I've been dealing with some annoying people."

"Like me," he said.

"Actually, yes, exactly like you. I wish you wouldn't be so annoying."

He frowned. "Miss Tanner, I can't interview you for the personal assistant position."

"Why?" I asked. "Just tell me why, then?"

"It's complicated."

"I don't understand how you can think it's complicated. Ask me some questions. Even I know how an interview works."

Removing himself from the floor, he took a seat on the couch next to me. "Have you eaten anything?"

"What kind of interview question is that?"

"It's not an interview question. I'm worried that you're going to do something foolish and refuse to eat."

My stomach wanted to grumble in protest, but I ordered it not to; it ignored me.

"No, then," he said.

"As a matter of fact, no. I haven't eaten anything," I said.

He stood and held his hand out to me. "Come."

I took his hand without thinking and let him lift me up off the couch. He squeezed my fingers tight, holding my hand, and led me towards the door to his office.

"Lucent, I..." I couldn't! I couldn't leave. I was mad at him still, and if he thought that acting nice to me momentarily would fix that, it wouldn't.

"I'll interview you," he said. "You're too stubborn and difficult by far, and so I'll interview you. Over breakfast."

"You're taking me for breakfast?" I asked, perplexed. "What time is it?"

"Early," he said. "Seven-thirty."

"Oh. I thought you said you came to work later now."

"Yes," he said. "Typically I do, except I feared I might have to deal with an obstinate woman wreaking havoc in my office."

"I didn't wreak havoc," I muttered.

"You're still obstinate," he countered.

"I hope you know you just said you're afraid of me."

"Yes, that's probably correct." He tugged on my hand, urging me out of his office and into the halls. "Come."

Lucent was scared of me? Odd. I didn't know what to think of that. What did he mean?

...

He marched me down the halls of Landseer Tower and to the glass elevators. We waited quietly and entered silently. No more talking now. I needed to talk. I wanted to say something, but I didn't know what to say.

He still held my hand, too. He confused me so much.

And onwards, downwards, outwards. We arrived outside Landseer Tower, hand in hand, and he marched me once more. We walked side by side, but I felt like he was pulling me along more than anything else. This was all so strange and I didn't know how I felt about it. Well, I felt strangely, but that wasn't enough for me. I wanted to know more, to feel more.

After a brief walk, words eluding us, we reached the front door of Sam's Delicatessen. I stared at the door, frowning. They were closed now, and they wouldn't open for hours; they opened at eleven in the morning for the lunch crowd, then stayed open until seven for people on their way home.

Also, they were expensive. I never understood how a deli could be so expensive when they basically just served sandwiches, but honestly they were really good sandwiches. Not the paltry fare typically found in the average sandwich, but hearty chunks of real meat, cooked and seasons to perfection, with real, fresh chopped vegetables and homemade sauces spread throughout. I'd eaten here once because of a special occasion at the library, but otherwise I barely even walked by. I couldn't afford it on a casual basis.

"Lucent," I said, "I think they're closed still."

Or, I knew they were closed. The sign on the door said as much.

This didn't deter Lucent, though. Striding forth, he knocked on the door. Not a regular knock either, oh no. It sounded like some secret club special knock, something or other.

And, sure enough, someone opened the door. A man wearing a pristine white apron and a brilliant smile greeted us and welcomed us inside the deli.

Lucent nodded to him. "Thank you, Sam."

"Anytime, Lucent. You haven't been by for breakfast in so long. It's just you, today. You and...?" Sam gave me a curious smile.

"Elise," I said. "Thanks for letting us in."

"We'll seat ourselves at a booth," Lucent said. "I'll inform Miss Tanner of the early menu items. I assume it shall take us a few minutes to finalize our order. Thank you."

Sam laughed and locked the door behind us, then went off behind the deli counter. Lucent led(or somewhat dragged) me over to an isolated booth far in the corner. We sat opposite one another and I glared at him.

"You can't order for me," I said.

He rolled his eyes. "Difficult as always, Miss Tanner. As you wish. Do whatever you like."

"Also, I'll pay for myself."

"No."

"Lucent, I have money."

"I don't care if you have money. I invited you to breakfast, you accepted, and as such, I'm paying."

I crossed my arms over my chest. "Fine. If that's the way it is, this is a date, then."

"This isn't a date, Miss Tanner. I'm reluctantly interviewing you for a position that doesn't exist."

"You know what?" I said, huffy. "Mrs. Landseer said she could probably find me a job somewhere else besides with you if I wanted. Just because you won't hire me for some asinine reason doesn't mean I'm going to leave."

"Mrs. Landseer is meddlesome. Alternatively, if we're rating asses, I'd recommend yours as a ten, not a nine, Miss Tanner."

I stared at him, blinked, and sputtered on any future words I might have wanted to say.

He grinned, nonchalant, being a cocky, arrogant jerk.

"You can't say things like that," I said once I managed to control my shock. "It's sexual harassment."

To be honest, I kind of hoped he sexually harassed me more. I had no idea where it came from or why he changed so suddenly, but I liked it.

"The breakfast menu is non-existent in physical form," Lucent informed me, no longer speaking about my body, nor rating it openly. "The mainstay includes sandwiches, in breakfast form, with eggs, maple syrup, pancakes, and an assortment of other standard morning meals. Essentially, you can order whatever you like, and Sam will concoct it for you. Alternatively, you may order food outside of a sandwich, too."

"A pancake sandwich?" I asked. "Really?"

"Yes. It's not actually a pancake, but it tastes similar. He separates a sub roll and then soaks it quickly in pancake batter and creates a pancake with the bread. I find it especially enjoyable combined with syrup as a spread, and chopped fruit inside. You'd like it."

"Look, Lucent," I said. "Listen. You can't go making random jokes about my ass, then explain some menu to me, then tell me I'd like a pancake sandwich. You just can't."

"Jokes?" he asked, cocking his head to the side.

"The asinine, ass is a nine thing."

"Miss Tanner," he said. "As someone who has intimate knowledge of your backside, I assure you I wasn't joking when I made my previous statement."

"You're so confusing," I said. "You scream at me and berate me yesterday, and now you're flirting with me. I really don't understand you."

"We share that sentiment. You confront me in my office about applying for a job as my personal assistant after I leave you voicemail messages explaining specifically in exact detail all of the horrible things I've done, and then you refuse to leave and end up starving yourself and falling asleep on my couch."

"You started it," I said. "You can't just leave like that. You need to say something."

"I did say something. I left you a voicemail message. I intended on leaving before you woke up, but I changed my mind."

"It's a good thing you changed your mind because otherwise I would have hated you," I said.

He frowned, sighing. "Apparently I should've changed my mind, then."

The booths inside of Sam's were small, packed tightly together so as to accommodate more customers. During normal hours, I assumed they stayed busy. It made sense since it was a popular place. Currently, I very much appreciated the smaller size of the booths, because it made it easy to reach across the table and slap Lucent in the face.

He stared at me afterwards, dumbstruck, with the vaguest red imprint of my hand across his cheek. I slapped him good, too. He'd taught me how to properly spank him during our nicer times together, and a cheek was a cheek, no matter where it was.

"You just slapped me," he said, confused.

"I did," I said. "Now move over. I'm going to sit next to you."

"What?"

I didn't give him more time to think or protest or do anything. Sliding away from my side of the booth, I slipped in next to him and scooted him over. We sat close, side by side, possibly companionable except that he kept staring at me with the most confounded, odd expression.

I smiled sweetly at him, my expression unable to hide the acerbic tone of my voice. "Don't ever say something like that to me again, Lucent."

Lucent frowned at me and narrowed his eyes. He frowned, and narrowed, and then he laughed.

Now it was my turn to look at him with an odd expression. "What?" I asked.

"You're so peculiar," he said. "I must say, out of anyone I've met, you're probably the most interesting. A poor submissive, and probably an impossible slave, but you definitely intrigue me, Miss Tanner."

Did he just say that? In here? In front of... well, it was just Sam. But Lucent didn't even try to hide it. I hissed at him. "Do you really think you should be saying things like that in here?"

"What?" he asked. "Oh. Ah, right. You wouldn't know, would you. My apologies."

"What?" There were a lot of "what"s being passed between us, apparently. Not unexpected considering we both apparently confused each other far beyond what I thought was normal.

"Aside from owning a popular delicatessen, Sam is also the owner of one of those 'BDSM thing' clubs, as you might say. It's connected to this building on the opposite side, partly hidden in an alleyway. It's not a secret, per se, but many don't know about it. I'm a regular patron and attend most Wednesday nights for dinner and to see the shows. For those who Sam takes a liking to, he offers them an open invitation to this deli for breakfast. That's how we were able to enter when he's usually closed, as you noted earlier."

"Oh," I said.

Lucent nodded. "Nothing I say will sound overly peculiarity to anyone who comes in," he said. "Nor will anything you say sound odd, either. Someone might get the wrong idea about you, though."

"Oh," I said again. "So you've brought me to a BDSM place?"

"It's nothing more than a restaurant," Lucent said.

"A BDSM restaurant," I added. This interested me.

"No one does anything even remotely related to BDSM inside of Sam's Delicatessen, I can assure you."

"Except talk about it while they're closed, you mean?"

"Talking about 'BDSM things' is hardly the same as performing them."

"Why don't you like me?" I asked.

And, honestly, as out of the blue as the question seemed, I realized this was the root of our problem. Why didn't Lucent like me? Nothing else really mattered. If we figured this out, everything would be good. I vaguely understood why he didn't. His tirade yesterday about me being a poor submissive, and then again, mentioning it more recently, but was that really it?

Did people start out being good submissives? Were they born into it? I didn't think so, or else I didn't know how. Except, if that was it, then I must not be one, right? If I should just know, but I didn't know, then I couldn't. I hoped that wasn't it, and I hoped there was more to it, but I worried there wasn't.

Lucent frowned at me. "I do like you," he said. "It's not a matter of liking you or not, though. The issue is far more complicated than that. I'm controlling, Miss Tanner. I nearly hurt you before, if you'll take a moment to remember. In the library, when you wanted to leave, I restrained you. I squeezed your wrist once and I held you with excessive force."

"I didn't mind," I said.

"Miss Tanner, please understand. Do you remember our first discussion about these things after we played cards? You said it was mean and abusive, and I stated it wasn't. For the most part, this is true, except, as you should be well aware, I can be mean and I can be abusive. I don't intend to be, but it happens. I never want it to, but I can't say it won't ever. Does that make sense?"

"You're scared of hurting me?" I asked.

"Yes," he said with a nod. "Exactly."

"It hurt when you left, though. It hurt to listen to your messages. It hurt when you wouldn't interview me, Lucent. All of those things hurt more than anything else you did."

"For now," he said. "Yes. What happens if it continues, though? What happens when I become more upset, or scared, or frightened and I severely injure you as opposed to minor, fleeting pain? Do you expect me to accept that you'll accept that? I can't. It's better for us to consider our time together for what it was and part ways."

"Did you really stalk me?" I asked.

"Yes," he said.

"For how long?"

"I've watched you for close to six months now, Miss Tanner. Perhaps a little longer, but for about that long."

"Stop lying to me," I said, frowning at him. "Tell me."

"Do you really want to know?" he asked. "I wish you'd be more worried and concerned. Do you realize how upsetting it is to know that you don't treat this seriously? That you think it's not frightening?"

I stared hard at him and scooted closer to him and tucked my chin on his shoulder.

He let out a groan of a sigh. "Six months, three weeks, and three days. Unfortunately I didn't keep track of the exact hours, but I first saw you exiting the library at nine-twenty-four in the evening. You dropped your purse on the sidewalk and a man walked by and turned to look at you. I worried he might attempt to mug you and steal your belongings, but he may have simply found you attractive. You entered your car approximately three minutes later, having bumbled around on the sidewak to pick up a couple of items that fell from your purse."

"Thanks," I said, grinning. "Was that so hard?"

"You're supposed to find this unsettling, not amusing, Miss Tanner."

"Do you know what, Lucent? Usually when someone finds someone else interesting, they strike up a conversation far earlier than almost seven months after seeing them. You could have just come into the library regularly and talked to me."

It seemed like such a bold and brazen thing to say, and I doubted I would've usually said it, but it seemed right. Lucent was odd and strange in his own way, and perhaps a little shy. Not a usual shy, but a different sort. Important-person shy. And dominating, controlling, obsessive and possessive, needy and passionate, strong, stubborn, beautifully handsome and erotically arousing. He was a lot of things, and he thought some of them were bad things, but I thought most of them weren't.

He rolled his eyes at me. "Regardless, we can't do this, Miss Tanner."

"We can't do what?" I asked.

"You should know what I mean by now," he said.

"I'd like if you clarified exactly what we can't do."

"I can't accept you as my slave or submissive or anything of the sort. I do not have relationships outside of those things. It is a part of me that I accept and embrace, and it's impossible for me to be anything to the contrary. Along with that, I refuse to draw you into this lifestyle because you don't know about it. What we did in the library was pleasant, if I'm being brutally honest, and I did enjoy it, but it wasn't everything."

"I understand," I said. I sort of understood. Or, at least I understood why he felt this way.

"Since you already know I've stalked you extensively, you'll realize I completely understand you aren't the type of person I require. I would be an abhorrent man if I attempted to mold you into what I desired and disregarded what you were, and so I must ask you to accept this. There can be nothing between us, Miss Tanner."

"You should come to the library sometimes," I said. "Rob tries to do events every week. We can talk. I like talking to you, too, Lucent. It's not all about sex and your BDSM things, you know? You're still an interesting person."

"Talk?" He said the word like it was foreign and incomprehensible.

"Yes, talk. Like we're doing right now? Waiting to decide what we're going to eat for breakfast? People do it sometimes. It's really quite interesting, this talking thing."

"I do enjoy speaking with you," he said with a sly, lopsided smile.

"I need your phone number," I said.

He furrowed his brow and stared at me, considering his options. "Fine."

"You're being more agreeable now," I noted.

"It's difficult not to be agreeable when I'm dealing with a crazy woman who knows no fear and has recently acted irrationally, slept in my office all night, applied for a position she didn't even want just for a chance to speak with me, and any number of other things, the likes of which I'm sure I'll find out soon."

"Oh?" I asked. "What makes you so sure you're going to find out?"

"Because I'm about to give you my personal phone number and I assume you'll be calling me to tell me," he said.

Oh. Oh! I liked that. This was good. Lucent smiled at me and I smiled back. He put his arm around me and let his hand rest on my waist, comfortable and safe. I liked that, too. It was a little more than talking, but not too much more, apparently. Holding me close to him wasn't a BDSM thing, was it? It wasn't a relationship thing, though; I knew that for sure. It was just a thing. A Lucent thing.

Giddy, excited, I reached over the booth to my previous seat and grabbed for my purse. Hefting it over the table and into my lap, I searched through it and pulled out my phone. Unlocking the keyguard, I handed it to Lucent, grinning.

"You're far too happy about this," he said. "It's bothersome."

"Do you really like those pancake sandwiches?" I asked. "Can you order me a good one? I don't know what to say or how to get it."

He tapped in his number, setting himself up as a contact in my cell phone. "What fruit do you like?"

"Shouldn't you know this? I thought you stalked me?"

He rolled his eyes. "I apologize. I didn't think to discover what fruits you enjoy, Miss Tanner."

I nodded, finding this acceptable. "Maybe strawberries? Oh! Wait! What about apples and cinnamon? That would be nice, right? Does he have pineapples, do you think?"

"You want strawberries, apples, cinnamon, and pineapples?" Lucent asked, one brow raised.

"No, no strawberries. Apples, cinnamon, and pineapples."

"I imagine that's fine." Lucent grinned, shaking his head. "Slightly odd, but I don't think it'll be a problem."

"Good," I said. "What are you going to get?"

Lucent and I talked. It was nice. Sam approached us in a few minutes and I let Lucent do the ordering. He was good at it, and he explained everything to Sam in a reasonable and regular way. Strong and stern, yet friendly and approachable. He seemed different with Sam, at least a little bit.

Was it because they shared their interest in BDSM things? I didn't know much about any of that. Maybe I should try and learn more on my own? Lucent didn't want to mold me into anything, but if I became it by myself, that was fine, I thought. And then what? If I did like submission things, and his BDSM things, and maybe the slave things, or whatever things, then...

Maybe we could have a relationship? Did it work like that? I thought, yes, maybe it did. I hoped it might.

...

Apparently pancake sandwiches were the most amazing sandwich creation ever. Lucent ordered one, too, but he got eggs and sausage in his.

Sam delivered our food with a smile and a flourish, then left us to our own devices. We ate and I died a little death, savoring the wondrousness of Sam's Delicatessen and his secret morning breakfast menu. I also scooted closer to Lucent and eyed his sandwich while he ate. Pressing myself up against his arm, I sighed wistfully.

He watched me, his expression blank, while he chewed meticulously. Once he finished and swallowed, he rolled his eyes. "What?"

"Can I try yours?" I asked.

He contemplated his options, and decided to favor me. Holding out his sandwich, feeding me directly, he allowed me to take a bite. I smiled and nuzzled against him and tasted his sandwich and chewed. This all felt very nice and I liked it.

"Miss Tanner," Lucent said, dragging me back to reality. "Please don't mistake this for anything more than friendliness."

"How friendly are we going to be?" I asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, are we good friends? Close? Can I cuddle with you? Are we friends, um... with..." I blushed and paused, because I wasn't entirely sure I wanted to continue that thought process verbally or not.

"With what?" he asked. His nose wrinkled curiously.

"With, um, benefits, like..." Oh God, I'd said it, hadn't I? "I mean, can we have sex?"

"No," he said.

"I don't mean it in a bad way," I said. "I'm not trying to downplay relationships or anything of the sort. I enjoyed hav**g s*x with you, that's all."

"No," he repeated.

"I mean, let's just say I'm curious, alright? Maybe I would like your BDSM things, but I don't particularly know, you know? You could show me, if I asked? Is that your thing you mentioned? Topping from the bottom? What if I'm very submissive and I don't even know it and then once I find out, maybe..."

"You're a dreadfully difficult woman, do you know that?" he said.

"Shouldn't you have known this beforehand? Didn't you do background checks or something? How does that work? Do you know my credit scores?"

"No amount of background checks can inform anyone of how unexorbitantly curious a person is, I assure you." He bit, chewed, and swallowed some of his sandwich. "And, yes, I know of your credit scores. I must say, they could use improving."

"I'm a student," I countered. "I don't have a lot of opportunities."

"You don't need opportunities to pay your bills on time. You've been a few days late, consistently, during many months. If you set up automatic payments or make a note on a calendar, or any other number of useful reminders, you'd go far towards increasing your credit scores."

"What about my Lucent score?" I asked, grinning.

He tilted his head to the side and smirked. "That's a secret, Miss Tanner. No amount of prying will reveal those numbers."

"What do they go to, though? Is this a one to a hundred point system or does it scale higher?"

"I refuse to elaborate on the secret methods set forth to determine my scoring system."

"Am I the highest of anyone? If not, do you think I'm improving well enough to reach that limit in the future?"

He didn't answer. He ate his sandwich, remaining tight-lipped. I still had my own sandwich, too, and I grumbled and laughed and then finished it off. We ate, shoulder to shoulder, quiet but friendly. I liked friendly Lucent. He was a lot better than a**hole Lucent.

"What time is it?" I asked once we finished.

"It shall soon be nine," he said.

"Oh God."

"You have class." He nodded. "Thankfully your attendance is exemplary and I believe you can miss a day without repercussion."

"Maybe, but..."

"No," he said. "How much did you even sleep last night? You can't have slept well on my office's couch. Come. I don't trust you to actually rest. We'll return to my office and I'll guarantee you take a nap."

"I thought you said sleeping on a couch was bad for me?" I said. "I can go home and sleep in my bed, you know?"

Lucent simply smiled, saying nothing. We got up from the booth and started to leave.

"Don't you need to pay?" I asked.

"Sam has my credit card on file. He'll charge me."

"Shouldn't we leave a tip?"

"It's taken care of, Miss Tanner."

"I need to use the bathroom."

He sighed deeply. "I'll wait outside."

That was good. Yes. I needed to ask Sam something privately without Lucent listening. I hurried to the nearby bathrooms while Lucent left the deli, planning the best way to phrase my question without arousing suspicion. Would Lucent be upset if he knew? Yes, probably. Which was why I couldn't tell him.

...

We arrived back at Lucent's office with no issues. He didn't hold my hand this time, though. The streets were busier now, and people probably recognized him more easily, so maybe that was it. He didn't want to be seen with me? Not exactly, but relationship-wise, I assumed. To be fair, it probably wasn't even about him, I thought. He had those rumors about his BDSM things, and if people saw us together, they'd assume, and all of that, and...

Did he really have a velvet-covered paddle? He said he did before, but I hadn't seen it, and I wasn't quite sure I believed it yet. I should ask him. Not now, though. Later.

He closed the door to his office and I walked over to his couch. I didn't know how I was supposed to sleep on a couch in the middle of the day with Lucent working nearby, but he didn't seem to understand that. He watched me sit down.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"I'm going to try and figure out some way to sleep? Isn't that what you wanted?"

Lucent grinned a secret grin. "Come." He beckoned to me, then marched to his desk.

I shrugged and got up and followed after him.

Lucent opened one of the drawers of his desk, then moved a few things around. Near the back, set against the side of the drawer, was an innocuous button. Innocuous, except for the fact that it was a button attached to the side of a drawer in a desk. I didn't think buttons were supposed to exist in places like that. He pushed it.

Beneath his desk, a carpeted panel slid to the side, revealing a square hatchway and a ladder. I stared, mouth agape.

"After you, Miss Tanner." He gestured towards the ladder with a sly flourish of his hand.

"Is this like a spy movie?" I asked. "What's down there?"

"It's far more mundane than a spy movie," he said. "Go and see."

He didn't need to tell me twice. I'd most certainly never been down a ladder beneath a desk in the most prominent building in the city, with a man who enjoyed BDSM things, who was wonderful and intelligent, and, well... I'd just never done this before but I wanted to. I climbed down the ladder.

Below Lucent's office, hidden away, windowless, was a bedroom. And not just a casual, regular bedroom, either. Oh my God, this was the most beautiful bedroom I'd ever seen. It had a pair of bookshelves off to the side with an assortment of books, and a contemporary wooden side table with a lovely looking lamp. The bed was a massive affair of mattress combined with plump pillows, and thick bed dressing. I wanted to grab a book and climb into the bed and hibernate for the winter. With tea and soup and crackers, except there weren't any of those.

Lucent climbed down after me and watched me gape and stare at everything in the room.

"Why is there a secret bedroom beneath your office?" I asked.

"It's hardly a secret," he said. "It used to be an unused storage room, but I requested the use of it from Mr. Landseer and he agreed to my request. Because of zoning regulations, this building isn't classified for residential use, so the door has been sealed from the outside and the only standard entryway now lies beneath my desk. I use this room occasionally if I need to work late into the evening and be back early in the morning for a meeting or some other similar occasion."

"Oh," I said.

"It's safe," he said. "If necessary, in case of fire or other hazards, there's emergency maneuvers to open the sealed off hallway door. You needn't worry about that."

"So you couldn't kidnap someone and trap them down here," I said. "That's good to know."

"The room is muted, though not soundproof. Confining anyone in here would never work. I'm not a kidnapper, either. I just stalk people."

"People?" I asked. "Have you stalked anyone else besides me?" Stupid, really, but I didn't like that idea. I wanted to be the only one, as odd as it sounded.

"No," he said. "Fortunately not. I doubt I could handle the aftermath of it if anyone else turned out like you."

"I'm going to take that as a compliment," I said. "I think you're saying I'm very special and unique."

"Probably," he agreed.

"I'll sleep," I said. "I am really tired. Thank you, Lucent." I paused for a second, unsure if I should say more. I needed to, though. "I know that you think what you've done is wrong, but you've been so kind and nice and caring towards me and I can't think you're wrong, Lucent. I appreciate everything, and I appreciate you worrying about me."

He smiled and came close and kissed my forehead. "Go rest, Miss Tanner. I'll have lunch delivered and we can eat it once you're done napping."

"I'd like that," I said, suddenly feeling shy and affected.

"Good," he said. "If you need anything, there's a phone in the top drawer of the bedside table. My personal extension is six-five-six. You can call me from your cell phone if you wish, too. Sleep well."

I nodded. He climbed back up the ladder, returning to his office. I was alone, but I didn't feel lonely.

...

The rest of the day was amazing. I slept and woke and Lucent and I ate lunch together. He let me act as an extremely temporary personal assistant, which was to say he asked me to deliver something to Mrs. Landseer in her office. I got to meet Mr. Landseer, too, and I blushed and muttered and didn't know what to do or say, but it was nice.

I did enjoy meeting people, but I always felt awkward. Lucent laughed when I told him, finding it odd that I could act so stubborn with him, and so reserved and shy with someone else.

"That's different," I told him. I didn't know how it was different, but it was.

The day ended, though. Lucent needed to go home and I needed to do the same, but he said he'd visit me in the library and he'd call me. Or I could call him. We'd call each other or something like that.

Vanessa nearly bowled me over when I arrived back at our apartment. She had questions; a lot of questions. I probably had answers, too, but they weren't answers I wanted to give her. Where was I? Well, I was off doing something kind of stupid. I couldn't say that. I told her I'd spent the night studying at a friend's house.

"I don't believe you," she said. "You're lying to me."

I shrugged and grinned and fled to my room.

"Did you have sex, Elise? Do you have a boyfriend? Are you dating Lucent?" she asked by way of shouting through my closed door.

"No to all three," I said. I sort of wished I could say yes to all three, but unfortunately I couldn't.

I couldn't yet, but...

I had an idea. I fully admitted to myself that this was, perhaps, a terrible idea, but I didn't think it was terrible. Or, I wanted to believe it wasn't terrible. Before leaving Sam's Delicatessen, I'd asked Sam about his club. Just the name of it. What was it, exactly? Was everyone invited?

Carousel. It was an alternative lifestyle club focused on various aspects of domination and submission, but they accepted others, too. Everyone was technically invited, but they kept a close eye on people to make sure no one caused any trouble. Places like that tended to attract the occasional bad apple, but they weeded them out fast and banned them from entering afterwards.

It was a nice place, he said. Not judgmental. Some people came dressed in leather and latex, while others preferred casual wear, but as long as people behaved appropriately, everyone was welcome.

Everyone was welcome, and so I was welcome, and...

Lucent told me they had shows on Wednesdays. Shows for what? Spankings and things like that. Well, I'd been spanked, hadn't I? Except Lucent wouldn't spank me again, because he didn't want to turn me into something I wasn't, supposedly. If he saw me in a show being spanked, would he accept it, though? I supposed what I really wanted was for him to understand that I really did want to try it, for my own curiosity, and it wasn't because of any pressure on his part.

I needed someone to spank me, though. That idea bothered me, but I decided it was a necessity in order to continue things with Lucent.

I liked that he'd accepted friendliness, and I really did enjoy sitting close to him and talking and enjoying a meal. It was far more friendly than I thought most people were friendly, and we nuzzled up together. He kissed my forehead, too. When we ate lunch, we retreated into his secret bedroom and sat on the bed, side by side, leaning against the headboard and each other.

We didn't necessarily act like we were just friends, but we didn't act much like we were going to be more than friends, too. Was it wrong of me to want more? I didn't know, but I did want it, and I hoped he wanted it. We needed a catalyst, something to ignite a more permanent spark between us.

I needed to find someone to spank me, just this once, and for Lucent to see it. He'd see that I was interested in trying this on my own, and not because of anything he said or did, and then...

I didn't know what happened then. I didn't plan that far along. I snatched my laptop and sat on my bed and powered it up, hoping maybe I could find someone on the internet to spank me as a one time thing this upcoming Wednesday at Carousel.

None of the "What comes after spanking?" stuff, though. That was just for Lucent.

This was probably the worst idea I'd ever had, but at the time it seemed brilliant to me.

...

Wednesday went by in a blur. I wanted to call Lucent, but I was too scared. I wanted to tell him. I wanted to blurt everything out to impress him, and then maybe I wouldn't have to go through with this, but that seemed like wishful thinking.

Yes, you're interested in spankings, are you? I imagined Lucent asking me this after I told him I'd found someone online to spank me during a showing on Wednesday night at Carousel.

Lucent might get jealous. Would he get jealous? I sort of hoped he would, because I just felt nervous and... no, I needed to do this. It was like a hardship or a trial, right? Lucent preferred people who understood what his BDSM things were, and I knew none of it, but if I did this, received my spanking from someone other than him, I'd be initiated into the folds of BDSMdom, right? Was that how it worked?

I thought so, yes.

I met Cole Dyerhaven near the obscured entryway to Carousel on Wednesday evening. Cole said he was a long time member of the BDSM community in our emails back and forth, and he seemed like he knew what he was talking about.

I told him I just wanted this to be a one time thing, but I didn't know how that worked. Just this, just a spanking.

In his reply, he said he'd consider it, but if he liked me he didn't know if he'd let me go that easily. As he was the dominant, he said, it was his choice of what I did. He controlled me and he ordered me around and he owned me. I was his.

I didn't think it worked like that. From what Lucent said, it was my choice. It did sound appropriate, though. And, I was the one who searched for him and reached out for contacts. Cole replied and he sounded like he knew what he was doing. Seeing as I had no idea what I was doing, and my only personal experience before this was with Lucent, I assumed this was how it was.

An act, somewhat? Yes.

I remembered a thought I had before when Lucent and I were together in the library. If I wanted him to control me, I needed to let him control me. If I wanted Cole to dominate me, then I needed to let him. After, if I didn't want him to anymore, then that was it.

Right? Yes, it must be.

We met in a nearby park before our show. Our show, I thought. What a weird thing to think. I didn't even know him, but...

"Kneel before me," he said immediately upon seeing me.

I wore a long coat to hide my clothes. Cole said I needed to wear special attire for this or else it wouldn't work. He didn't exactly say it like that, though. No, he ordered me to go to a specific place and buy specific things. I didn't exactly have the spare money for too much, but I purchased everything on my limited budget. I hoped they were the proper clothes for this.

I knelt, feeling odd. My knees, covered by the long coat, touched against the paved pathway near a bench in the park. Glancing up at him, I checked him out.

He was handsome, I supposed. Not really what I looked for. He looked far too cocky and confident, with a sinister type of sneer on his lips. His eyes glimmered in the faint moonlight like wicked gems, but it really looked like a suitable appearance for this. Lucent was more of a subdued and dominating person, but Cole appeared overt and obvious about it. I thought that must be a good thing.

He leered down at me and brushed aside his dark hair. "Reveal yourself to me," he said. "Open your coat."

"I'd rather wait until we're inside," I said. "It's cold out here and someone might see me and..."

He glared down at me. Why? "If you're not willing to submit to me, I must be wasting my time."

"What?" I stammered. It hurt. It didn't hurt because of this person saying it to me, Cole, some random man I'd spoken with a handful of times through email. It hurt because it sounded similar to what Lucent had said the other day.

You can't accept what I need, nor what I want. You act like this is some game, Miss Tanner, and you wait here, thinking that I'll treat you like a poor, homeless kitten and take you in, except I don't want that. I want a slave. I want you to bow to my every whim and ignore every possible concept of pleasuring yourself so that you can perfectly pleasure me. I require submission and you offer me defiance instead?

Dejected, feeling so lost and hopeless, realizing that Lucent wasn't the only one who found me a waste of time, I slumped forward. I stared at the ground, pathetic and alone.

I could do this, though. I didn't need to defy everyone, did I? I didn't necessarily want to. I was just curious. I... I wanted Lucent to understand and accept me, and...

Slowly, I unbuttoned my coat and opened it. Cole ogled me openly, admiring my outfit.

I wore a fake leather skirt with fishnet stockings and black heels. Above that, barely covering my upper body, I had a sleeveless black top that exposed my stomach. More fake leather, or latex, or whatever it was. I didn't know. I asked the man at the store for the most inexpensive things, and he showed me them. They chafed and annoyed me, itching at my skin, but it was just for now, just this once, so it didn't matter.

Right?

Cole ordered me not to wear underwear, too, but I didn't do that. I wore a regular pair that looked nice and matched my black skirt. It shouldn't matter if I wore underwear, I thought, and I wasn't about to fully expose myself in front of an entire club full of people. The spanking was embarrassing enough as it was, and...

"Good," he said. "Stand. Cover yourself again. Let's go."

I didn't even know him. "Shouldn't we talk first?" I asked. "What do you like to do? Where do you work?"

He paused and stared at me. I liked when Lucent watched me, but I didn't like how Cole was looking at me right now.

"There's no need," he said. "Stop talking. You may speak to answer questions that I ask you, but that's it. You're submitting to me, remember? I am your master tonight."

"Oh," I said. This sounded... correct... but... "What about safewords?" I asked.

Cole let out a loud sigh. "Fine. Your safeword is logomachy. Understood?"

Was that a game of his? Logomachy was a dispute concerning words, and I'd requested a safeword, so it seemed kind of sarcastic and mean. He even said it meanly. Antagonistic. Logomachy was also a card game, sort of. Different from the ones Lucent and I played before, but the thought made me smile.

"No more," he said. "Understood? You shouldn't be smiling, either. You can smile when you've pleased me, and you definitely haven't done that yet. You've kind of pissed me off, actually."

Pissed him off? Well, he was pissing me off! I was the submissive, though. Was I allowed to get pissed off?

Lucent, I'd asked him. For that contract, would you ever tell me to do something you knew I'd hate?

Miss Tanner. His words sounded nice and pleasant and soft. The contract isn't about that. If you signed it--though I must make it rather clear, again, that you won't. Ever--but if you did, I would definitely order you to do things that you hated.

I would never, he'd added, absolutely never, demand that you do something that would make you hate me, though. Do you understand the difference?

This was that, I thought. This was what Lucent meant when he said those things. I hated Cole ordering me to do things, but I needed to understand that he wouldn't do anything to make me hate him.

Right?

I didn't know for sure. I barely even knew Cole. I knew his name and what he looked like. Cole Dyerhaven, wearing gothic looking clothes with dark hair and sharp, glaring eyes.

...

Cole ordered me around, bringing me to a side entrance of the club. A man greeted us and eyed Cole curiously, but didn't say much. Cole informed him he'd talked with Samuel about a performance for tonight. The man nodded, but he still didn't ease up off of glancing at Cole oddly.

"Nothing like last time," the man said.

"Oh, no," Cole said, grinning. "She's perfectly content with doing this. Aren't you, slave?"

Was I? I didn't know for sure, but I nodded and quietly said yes.

The man shrugged as if that was it and there was nothing more he could do. It struck me as odd, but this whole club and BDSM things and Cole and all of it struck me as odd. Lucent wasn't odd, he was regular, and I didn't understand how he could be that way and this way at the same time.

We walked inside of the club, heading through quiet hallways to a room alongside a stage. I saw all of it through vague glimpses of clubbing scenery afforded to me while looking between the pillars and shimmering gauze curtains that hung between our passway and the main club floor.

Some people wore outfits like mine and like Cole's, while others wore casual, regular clothes. I probably could have shown up wearing the type of outfit I wore everyday, at least from the looks of it. I supposed that didn't make a good show, though. Also, maybe those people weren't submissives or slaves or anything like that? Maybe they were something else? Dominants, masters? Was there more, too?

Cole opened a door for me and guided me inside with a rough shove. I almost tripped, but caught myself on the door frame, then clambered inside.

"Our show is soon," Cole said. "Kneel."

I knelt, but I wasn't quite sure why.

Cole pulled a black collar from his coat and clipped it around my neck. In the front, on a ring jutting out from the too-tight collar, he attached the clip tie of a leash.

"I'll lead you out like this," he said. "You'll immediately bend over on the the table in the center of the stage. That's all you need to do. I'll handle the rest, of course."

The spanking, I thought. Yes. This all sounded correct so far.

I remembered something Lucent told me, though. "How many times will you spank me?" I asked.

Cole glowered at me and tugged hard on his end of the leash, pulling me forward by my neck. "I'll spank you as many times as I want," he growled. "Now shut up and stop asking so many questions."

My eyes glistened with tears and I wanted to cry. I didn't want to do this anymore. Lucent was right. This was so much different, and if Lucent wanted me to be like this, too, I couldn't. I understood now. I didn't like it. I wanted Lucent to be like he always was, and this faint glimpse of Cole, this knowledge of domination that I'd never known before... it wasn't what I wanted. I never wanted this.

I was about to say that, to try and stop all of this, maybe mention my safeword, but someone came to the door before I could. They knocked and Cole opened it. Both men whispered something back and forth, and Cole nodded.

He tugged on my leash, lighter now, goading me on. "We're up," he said. "Do as I said and everything will go perfectly."

I barely had time to nod or shake my head, no, or anything before he started pulling me along. Struggling to keep my balance, I stumbled forward, brought forth like some animal. We walked alongside the stage, then up a set of steps, and Cole marched me to the small table in the center. Ignoring my fear, maybe not even realizing how scared I was, he jerked my coat off my shoulders and flung it to the ground.

I bent over across the table, humiliated and scared. Was this what Lucent liked? I couldn't do it and I needed to stop it, but I didn't know how. I glanced to the side and saw a throng of people watching me. Someone at the head of the stage spoke into a microphone and his words bounced through the club, introducing Cole and I.

I didn't have a name. I barely heard any of what the man said, but he didn't name me. I was Cole's submissive, and that was it. I did have a name, though; I wanted my name. I loved my name.

God is my oath. Lucent knew, too. He said it was a powerful name. A special name, I thought. I always felt like someone was watching over me, protecting me.

I paused, dumbstruck. Bent over the table, staring at the wood, my eyes following a path in the grain, I realized something both horrifying and beautiful.

Someone had been watching over me.

Truth be told, Lucent wasn't God, and I didn't expect him to be, but he did watch me. He worried, too. He came to the library to protect me. He was special to me. He would never do this. Never. I didn't even care if this is what he said he liked, because I knew it was impossible for him to act like this. I didn't know how I knew this, and maybe I was wrong, but I felt very strongly about my idea.

The announcer ended his introduction soon after my sudden brilliant epiphany. Cole wrenched my skirt up, revealing my panty-clad ass. I wore panties and he'd ordered me not to, which pissed him off. He seethed behind me, gritting his teeth.

Harsh words spewed from his mouth, strong, yet barely more than a whisper. "Defying me again? You really don't understand what this is about, do you? It's a good thing you're bent over this table already, because I'm about to teach you a lesson."

No. I moved to get up, to go away, but he grabbed the back of my head and pushed me into the table. With his other hand, he smacked my ass hard.

It stung and I shrieked, writhing on the table. This wasn't like Lucent's hand at all. This wasn't anything like any part of Lucent. Cole was mean, angry, and abusive.

He hit me again and I panicked and tried to remember my safeword. What was it? Logo...

"Stop," I screamed while I tried to remember. "No. Logarithm. Log..."

"Mocking me, are you? You know your safeword, bitch. Don't pretend you've forgotten it."

He lifted his hand to strike me once more, but he hesitated. A commotion from within the crowd caught my attention. It was Lucent.

He wore a business suit, dark and formal, with a shimmering silver tie. The lights in the club made him glow like some shadowy angel. I was fairly certain angels never looked as absolutely livid as Lucent did, though.

I wanted to cry and go to him, but Lucent was busy at the moment. He stomped up onto the stage and glared at Cole with ashen eyes of pure hatred. Moving past me, beside me, near me, he stood between Cole and I. He stood this way for a fraction of a second, barely longer than it took me to breathe in my panic-induced state, and then he slammed his fist into Cole's jaw.

Cole slumped to the floor of the stage and screamed out his agony. Lucent ignored him in favor of paying full attention to me. Typically, I might've enjoyed this, but he didn't look especially friendly at the moment. In fact, he still looked extremely cross.

"Miss Tanner," he said, his voice calmer than his expression. "Come."

I nodded. Lucent helped me up off the table and wrapped an arm around me, squeezing me tight to his side. I glanced towards my coat for a second, wanting to grab it, but before I could he pulled me off of the stage. We reached the steps, and I stumbled on them, but Lucent caught me.

Lifting me up, carrying me in his arms, he walked down the steps with me. I lay cradled against him, my cheek on his shoulder, my arms wrapped around his neck. I nuzzled against him, trying to ease away his anger and my fear, but neither of those happened. Lucent's jaw clenched, then loosened, and clenched, but he held me tight and safe regardless.

Carrying me the entire way, he walked towards a door near one of the walls.

"If you will?" he asked, nodding towards the doorknob.

I reached out and turned it and pulled it open. We stepped through and the door shut behind us automatically.

I hadn't realized how loud the club was until we escaped in here. Granted, Lucent's outburst had caused more than a bit of an uproar, and Cole's frantic screams of pain after Lucent cracked his fist into the man's jaw didn't help. In here it was peaceful, though. Quiet. Gentle, instrumental music played through a speaker system in the soundproofed room. One of the walls was shaded glass; impossible to see through from the other side, but giving an open view of the club from our position.

Lucent brought me to a leather couch and placed me gingerly atop it. For someone who insisted he enjoyed dominating women in relationships, he was remarkably gentle.

He didn't look very gentle, though. He glared down at me, face tight, jaw tighter, and breathed in deeply through his nose. His nostrils flared like some matador's bull. I cowered beneath his gaze, curling up in a ball and hiding against the back of the couch.

"Lucent," I whimpered. "Please don't hurt me. I'm so sorry."

"What?" He sounded shocked, taken aback. "Miss Tanner, I definitely won't hurt you. Come here. Are you alright?"

He sat next to me and pulled me into his lap. I crawled into him and against him, huddling close to him.

"My butt hurts," I said.

"As well it should, that madman's abusive. Sam should have banned him from the club long ago. I don't even know how you came to make his acquaintance, and I'm extremely annoyed with it."

"I..." I didn't even know what to say now. My entire plan, in hindsight, was absurdly stupid.

Lucent touched my chin and urged me to look at him. I did, but with the faintest beginnings of tears in my eyes.

"What is it, Miss Tanner?"

"Can you please call me Elise?" I asked. "I need you to call me Elise for just right now. Please?"

He smiled and bent his head low and kissed me. Not some chaste kiss on the forehead like the other day, but a soft, loving kiss on the lips. I melted and kissed him back and languished in the caressing heat of his breath dancing across my lips and into my mouth.

"What's wrong, Elise?" he said, his lips brushing against mine as he spoke. "Tell me?"

"I thought if I came here," I said, choking on the words. "I thought if you saw me being spanked, you'd realize that I wanted to do it and it wasn't because you wanted me to, but I can't. I can't do that, Lucent. Do you like being mean like that? I don't want this. Please... Lucent, please, the leash, please?"

I begged and pleaded with him and clawed at the collar around my neck. I knew what I wanted, but my words made no sense. It didn't matter, though; Lucent understood me. With precision and care, he removed the collar from around my neck in a matter of seconds, then tossed the unwanted accessory to the floor.

"You should never be collared, Elise," he said. "I would never collar you. You're so much more beautiful when you're free."

"I don't understand any of this," I said. "Is this how it is?"

"No." He shook his head. "That... that wasn't anything like my 'BDSM things,' Elise. Nothing like them at all. I swear to you, that's nothing like almost anyone's BDSM things. Some people don't understand, or they think that BDSM is an excuse for abuse, but it's not."

"What is it to you?" I asked.

He grinned a little, charming and boyish. He looked nothing like the angry Lucent from mere minutes before. He looked nice now. Handsome and amazing.

"Honestly?" he said. "I don't think I know anymore. I used to think one thing, but I've recently had a possible change of mind."

"Why?"

"You," he said, matter-of-factly. "I used to think I wanted someone to submit to me completely, but I find myself utterly intrigued by your curiosity and willingness to question everything. Unfortunately, it seems your curious nature is also dangerous and reckless. I'm unsure what to do about that."

"Do you really think I'm beautiful?" I asked. "What did you mean?"

Lucent teased back my hair, running his fingers alongside my ear. "There's different types of slaves, Miss Tanner. The awful, historical kind are what people tend to think of first, but the standard BDSM kind are different. That's more consensual, where the submissive consents to becoming a slave. Even then, master and slave relationships differ drastically, too. It's not always hard work and scrubbing floors like Cinderella, though it might sound it and some might prefer that. It's about the submissive constantly attempting to fully please her dominant master."

"I'm not very good at that," I mumbled.

"On the contrary," he said. "I'm finding I adore exactly every part of you, and I believe you're the most pleasing person I've met in a long time. Probably, if you don't mind me being forthright, ever."

"What, really?" No... that couldn't be right. I was kind of stupid. I made stupid plans. I wasn't inherently submissive, either. In fact, I was a rather poor submissive most likely. I didn't even know what I was doing or what I was supposed to do.

"Mhm," he growled, leaning down to steal a kiss.

I didn't want him to steal just one kiss, though. I wanted him to steal more. Latching my hands around his neck, I pulled him down again, and he stole and stole and stole.

The door to Lucent's private room opened, and I scrambled to get up, but Lucent calmed me with a shush and held me tight in his lap.

It was Sam. He stood in the doorway, frowning, then invited himself in and sat on another couch opposite the one where Lucent and I were.

"I'm sorry about that, Lucent. I don't know exactly what happened. I didn't know it was her. Cole contacted me about doing a show, saying he had a submissive now, and... well, you basically know the rest."

"I require no apology," Lucent said. "I believe Miss Tanner should be the focus of those attentions."

I blushed and fidgeted with my fingers. If anything, I thought I should be the one apologizing.

"I'm really sorry," Sam said. "Seriously, I hope this hasn't ruined your opinion of my club, Miss Tanner. This doesn't usually happen. Cole's been banned now and won't be allowed to return. I'd like to offer you free food and refreshments if you're willing to stay."

I frowned. "I'm sorry, too. It was dumb of me. I don't know what I was thinking. I was kind of being foolish."

"We all do foolish things," Sam said with a shrug. "It's just that they can be especially harsh with this kind of thing. From what Lucent's mentioned, you're inexperienced, but I want you to know that this isn't regular. It shouldn't happen, and I promise to do my best to make sure it doesn't happen again. It's not your fault, but just be more careful in the future, too, alright? I can only control what goes on in my club, and I'd hate for something to happen to you."

Lucent nodded and smiled. Whispering into my ear, he asked, "Do you want some food?"

I looked up at him, basking in his kindness. "Can we have those sandwiches like the other morning?" I wanted everything to be like that morning in Sam's Delicatessen. I wanted it all to be happy and I wanted to forget the bad things that had happened after, the things that must have been less than half an hour ago, but seemed so far away now.

"Would you mind bringing Miss Tanner a pancake sandwich, Sam?" To me, Lucent added, "The same as what you had for breakfast?"

I nodded fast. "You, too. You get one, too. The same as you had."

Lucent grinned. "We'll have two," he said. "An apple cinnamon pineapple one, plus one with eggs and sausage. Some soothing balm if you don't mind, also."

"Drinks?" Sam asked.

"What do you want to drink?" Lucent asked me.

"What do you like to drink?" I asked him.

"A pitcher of water. Two Lugene Chocolate Milk Stouts too, preferably from the tap if you have it, but bottles will suffice otherwise."

Sam nodded. "I'll rush your order. Thanks again for your patronage, Lucent. I apologize for the incident with Cole, Miss Tanner. Everything's on the house tonight, so if you need something else, just ask. Lucent knows how."

"You can call me Elise," I said. "If you want."

Sam smiled. "I'll be back in a jiff, Elise. Just sit tight. You're in good hands here. I'm sure of that."

...

I cuddled in Lucent's lap and he brushed my hair with his fingers. We both stayed silent mostly, looking at everything and nothing. I liked this. Lucent had a very comfortable and warm lap and his pants were soft like a silken pillow.

I watched the club through the one-way shaded mirror wall. No more shows for tonight, apparently. Good, I thought. I didn't think I could handle seeing anything like that. My butt still hurt, too.

The BDSM club didn't look too bad, though. A little weird, but lots of things were weird, right? Some people walked around, chatting, while others sat at booths, and a few gathered on a floor for dancing and showed off their moves. Everything outside was dark, and darker still because of the shaded glass between here and there, but it almost looked like any other regular club. I never really went to clubs, but if I did, I might like it here.

On the contrary, in Lucent's private room, I liked it very much. It was brighter in here, and less enclosed. That seemed a weird thing to think, since obviously the main floor of the club had a lot more space, but it also had a lot more people. In here, it was just Lucent and I.

"Where did you get these clothes?" Lucent asked, his tone guarded. "Do you like them?"

He ran his fingers along my top, teasing at the cheap fabric at my sides.

"They itch," I said. "I think they're too tight. I didn't want to buy them, but he said I needed to."

He. I didn't want to say Cole's name. I didn't want to think about him at all.

"They're poorly made," Lucent said. "Good for a costume if you plan to wear them once, but not suitable for continued use. Also, none of this is fitted, is it? It must have come off a general use rack, I assume."

I giggled.

"Do I amuse you, Miss Tanner?" Lucent asked, offering me a sly smirk.

"I'm not sure about you," I said, "but very few of my clothes are fitted. Almost everything is from the 'general use rack', as you put it."

He widened his eyes and opened his mouth, aghast; he had a silly glimmer, just so, in his pupils, though, teasing me. "Unacceptable!" he stated, both serious and exaggerated all at once. "We'll have to rectify this immediately."

"We?" I asked.

"Yes. I'll accompany you."

"You're going to go clothes shopping with me?"

"Yes," he said.

"Alright, but does everything have to be fitted?" I asked.

"Indeed. Everything." He nodded once.

"Panties?"

"Everything."

"Socks?"

"Everything."

"Condoms?"

"Every--"

I snickered and cuddled against him, burying my face in his thigh, feeling happy and shy at my sudden silly comment.

"Feisty tonight, are we, Miss Tanner?" Lucent tickled my side, sending me into another fit of laughter. "I'll have you know that, when the occasion requires it, I already have the fitting for those necessities under control."

I spun around immediately and stared up at him. "Do you really have fitted condoms?"

He grinned. "Mhm."

"Can I see one?"

"If you were anyone else, I'd think you were flirting with me." He rolled his eyes. "Unfortunately I did not intend on pursuing sexual relations with anyone upon entering this club tonight, so I haven't brought the object of your interest."

"Oh." I frowned. Fitted condoms, really? "Can we use one later?"

Lucent glanced down at me, attempting to hide his amusement. "You're so strange, Miss Tanner."

"I am not!"

We argued, but it was playful arguing. I informed Lucent that I just couldn't trust his assessment of a properly fitted condom unless I saw it in use, and I needed to insure it worked properly. That's all. He laughed and told me that he saved them for special occasions. I pretended to pout and said that I should be a special occasion. He agreed with me.

Blushing, teasing, tickling, laughing, cuddling, kissing.

Sam arrived with our food and drinks, leading them in on a cart. After setting everything up, he left Lucent and I to ourselves once again. We ate and everything tasted as delicious as I remembered. Lucent kept me in his lap, too. This suited me wonderfully, because I didn't want to leave his lap.

He fed me, also. I never even asked, but he nodded and made a gentle noise and tipped his sandwich towards me. Smiling, I opened my mouth wide and took a bite. It almost felt like we were in the library again, trapped in our little room, the two of us, together.

"What do you think of the stout?" Lucent asked after I took my first sip.

"It's..." It was dark; dark beer. Sweet, though. Chocolatey? Kind of like an adult version of chocolate milk. A little hint of vanilla, too. "I think it's good, but I don't know if I'd order it on my own," I admitted. "Do they make a fruity version?"

"A fruity version of a stout?" He lifted one eyebrow.

I shrugged. "I don't know?"

"Next time we'll try something different," he said. "It sounds peculiar, but it's really quite good. You mix half a glass of champagne with half a glass of stout. Traditionally it's called a Black Velvet. They're somewhat fruity, by way of the champagne."

"Do you like them?" I asked.

"I do enjoy them on occasion, yes."

"Alright. I would like to try one, then."

...

Once we finished our meal, Lucent and I chatted. He also rubbed soothing balm on my butt. I protested that one at first, but he refused to accept my arguments. Laying across his lap, my elbows pressed onto the leather of the couch, lips pouted, I reluctantly allowed Lucent to rub cream on my sore cheeks. He lifted my skirt and pulled down my underwear and began. This was sexual, and yet it wasn't. It was odd.

The balm was cold and made me fidget, but he used such gentle, calming motions that I couldn't help but relax. And we talked more. Everything went by so fast. I'd arrived at the club with Cole at nine, but in a matter of moments it seemed like everything was closing down. Soon enough, when I looked up, the main room had dwindled to a handful of people, and even those people were packing up and saying their goodbyes to one another.

Lucent finished with the balm. Taking a soft linen towel from the cart Sam had left us, he cleaned the excess cream from my butt, then tossed the towel aside. Then he rubbed me again, but this time he had no balm.

His hand circled one of my cheeks, then the other, from the outer edge to the center curves. And downwards. He toyed with me, teasing his fingers lower, lower, to my slit, where he gently pushed a little bit inside of me, and...

He stopped. "Come, Miss Tanner. I'll have someone fetch your coat. I'm taking you home."

What? No. That wasn't fair. "I don't want to go home," I said, whiny and in protest.

"I'm taking you to my home," he added.

"Oh."

"Do you find this acceptable?" he asked, some curious, erotic expression on his face. His lips quirked, amused, but his eyes watched me, lascivious. Oh God.

"Only if you show me your fitted condoms," I said. I thought I should bargain here, even though I didn't even care about the condoms anymore.

"No," he said.

Argh! Should I say no, then? I didn't find this acceptable? I did, though. I wanted to see Lucent's home.

I decided on another angle. "Lucent," I said, sweet and demure, "I would find it pleasing if you showed me your fitted condoms."

"Would you?" he asked, grinning.

"I would like it a lot if I could see how they worked."

This was it, I thought. It was fun, too. A game, kind of. That topping from the bottom thing Lucent mentioned. He refused me if I tried to bargain with him, but if I mentioned I liked something, then what?

"Perhaps," he said. "I'll consider it. What I have in mind isn't especially conducive to condom use, though."

"Oh," I said. "What do you have in mind?"

"It's a secret."

"I don't like secrets."

"Are you saying you don't find this acceptable, then? Shall I bring you back to your apartment, Miss Tanner?"

I was absolutely positive he wouldn't bring me back to my apartment. He'd kidnap me and tie me up and tease me and torment me and have his way with me. And, while that sounded thrilling and exciting, I couldn't even play hard to get right now. He had me; he owned me. I adored Lucent's secrets, even through my impatience.

"I find you acceptable," I said, crossing my hands over my chest.

"Is that your way of stating you'd like nothing more than to f**k me right here and now with reckless abandon on the floor of my private booth?" he asked.

"Yes," I said, petulant. "It is."

"I am going to make careful note of that, Miss Tanner. For future reference."

"Good," I said.

"Come. Let's find your coat and leave. Otherwise I might use my private knowledge of your verbal intricacies sooner rather than later."

...

Lucent requested someone fetch me my coat, which they did quickly. We left after that. He drove.

For some reason, I imagined someone like him having a personal driver, but he didn't. I mentioned it in passing as we rode through the quiet, early morning streets of the city, and he just laughed.

"I'm not an especially trusting person, Miss Tanner," he said. "I prefer to drive myself because I know I'll do an appropriate job of it."

"You trust me," I replied, hopeful. Hopeful, because I didn't want him to respond unfavorably and say he didn't.

"I do," he said. Then he added, "In many things, at least. I don't trust you to drive, though."

"What? I'm not a bad driver."

"No one said you were bad." He grinned and tossed me a sidelong glance from his throne upon the driver's seat; King Lucent of the Streets. "I'm better, though. That's all."

"I'll race you," I said.

"If you plan on racing me, I believe you'll need a new car first. Yours is more likely to fall apart than to win any races. Also, racing is hardly the appropriate way to prove you're a safer driver."

"I suppose," I mumbled.

At the next stoplight, Lucent grabbed my hand and kissed the back of it, letting his lips linger on my soft skin. I blushed and smiled shyly at him and forgot all about driving.

...

Apparently Lucent lived in an apartment, which was more like a house, in the upper section of some prominent skyrise residential tower. He rented two floors of it, both connected either by the elevator or a spiral staircase. He had his own private passcode for the main elevator that brought him to what amounted to his front door. Along with that, and not as interesting, he told me, was a service elevator and emergency staircase sequestered in a back room. No one typically used those; they were just there.

"In case of emergencies," I said, nodding.

"Yes, I suppose so." He grinned at me.

I wanted to see the entire place. It looked quite roomy. Most everything was dark, though. Lucent turned on the bare minimum of lights and led me down a hallway, making me guess at the shadowed silhouettes situated down other halls and in rooms with half-opened doors. It might've looked ominous and disturbing, except I somewhat doubted Lucent had anything especially creepy in his house.

Perhaps I was too trusting.

"Can I have a tour?" I asked, hoping to halt our progress for a moment so I could investigate. His house was a mysterious new continent found in the middle of uncharted waters and I wanted to discover it.

"No," Lucent said, glancing at me. "Not tonight, at least. I'm going to punish you."

I blinked and stared at him. "What." This was supposed to be a question of concern, but I never reached the questioning part.

"Yes," he said with a nod. "I'm not too pleased with your willful and reckless abandon, Miss Tanner. You put yourself into an extremely dangerous predicament, and I'd like to ensure it doesn't happen again."

"Lucent, I..."

Did I want to be punished? I didn't think so, or at least not right now. I still felt... odd. Weird? Yes. My butt stung slightly from Cole's abusive palm and I was worried. I didn't want to be worried, especially with Lucent, but after this evening I realized I didn't really understand any of these BDSM things and perhaps I shouldn't. Perhaps this meant Lucent and I couldn't be together, and perhaps this was best, and perhaps...

He sidled close to me and put his hand on my hip, pulling me close to him. With his other hand, he touched my chin and bade me to look up at him.

"Miss Tanner," he said. "I won't hurt you, I promise you that. Do you trust me?"

"I think I do," I said truthfully. "But I'm scared." Scared to trust him, scared of punishments, or scared of myself; I wasn't sure which applied.

He frowned and furrowed his brow, considering my honesty. "Come with me," he said. "I shall show you and explain to you the form of punishment I wish to exact upon you. I assure you it's extremely light, all things considered. I promise you it won't hurt."

"How do you know, though?" I asked.

"I've been on the receiving end of this particular form of punishment."

"Oh." Wait! What? "Who punished you?"

"No one." He smirked. "I'd be a terrible person if I didn't know how my punishments felt, though, now wouldn't I? I've assessed these situations by experimenting in private on myself and I'm a more sensible and trustworthy person because of it. I will know exactly how you feel, exactly when you feel it, because I have felt it."

"Oh." That sounded... very nice. Fascinating, actually. I wanted to know how Lucent felt, and while this was different in a lot of ways, it intrigued me.

"Don't trust me because I say that you should," he added. "Trust me because you find me trustworthy. Shall we go?"

I nodded, but I didn't know entirely how I felt about all of this yet. A little confused, morbidly curious, fascinated and surprised. This seemed like a lot of feelings for what Lucent called an "extremely light" punishment.

Holding my hand, he led me to a room near the end of one hallway and escorted me inside. He flipped a lightswitch on the wall and closed the door behind us.

The room was... peculiar. Large, or large enough. As big as my bedroom back at my apartment. It looked like a massage studio, or maybe a doctor's office. A cushioned, massage-style table in the center of the room acted as a centerpiece to the surrounding area, with an excessive amount of bookshelves lining the walls, and a smaller, actual table near the cushioned one. The small table had drawers on the side. Hiding things, I supposed. What things? Punishment BDSM things?

This should have interested me more(or worried me, made me scared, or any other number of emotions), but I found it hard to concentrate on the table because of the millions of candles lined up in the bookshelves. Each shelf held an assortment of colors, all coded together and kept tightly packed. Labels attached to the front of each shelf assigned names to the candles, or something of the sort, but the words were too small to read from afar.

"Strip," Lucent commanded, giving me no time to inspect these bookshelf candles.

"What?"

"Strip," he repeated.

"What if I don't want to be punished?" I asked.

"Regardless of whether you accept punishment or not, I'd prefer you to be nak*d."

"Oh," I said, and my dumb mouth added, "Are we going to have sex?"

He shrugged, nonchalant. "If you don't want to have sex with me, feel free not to strip."

I don't think I'd ever removed my clothes faster. Was that desperate? Giving him the wrong idea? Except it was Lucent and, really, he had to know that I wanted him by now, didn't he? I mean, I'd invaded his privacy at his office, ignored his message saying we couldn't see each other again, refused to leave when he said he couldn't interview me for the day, come up with a plan to get him to see me being spanked by someone else, and...

I was weird, I decided. I'd never thought I was especially weird before, but what kind of person did those things? In hindsight, I realized how weird I was, but currently I accepted myself. Also, Lucent wanted me to strip and he wanted to punish me(with candles?), so presumably he accepted my weirdness, too.

For some odd reason, this made me very happy.

Excited and curious, I folded my clothes and lay them in a pile on the cushioned table. Top, then skirt, folded underwear, my bra, and the stockings. My heels didn't go on the pile, they went on the floor. And then I was nak*d.

Lucent admired me and I blushed under his gaze. I didn't mind being nak*d with him, but he wasn't nak*d, so it seemed a little... more? Embarrassing? Uncomfortable? A good uncomfortable, though. My stomach tightened and my heart beat fast and a pervasive flutter of excitement teased at the core of my body.

"Are you going to get nak*d, too?" I asked when he hadn't said anything for awhile.

Content with taking measure of my nudity and my body's curves, Lucent said nothing for awhile more. Finally he gave in, though. "In due time, yes. Lay on your back on the table, Miss Tanner."

"Alright." I moved my clothes to the floor, then took their place. Sitting on the table, I swung my legs up, then lay down and stared at the ceiling.

Yes, this definitely reminded me of a doctor's office. I was glad Lucent didn't have stirrups, because that might've been odd, and this was already kind of odd, so that just wouldn't work.

"What candle scent do you enjoy?" he asked.

"I like lilacs," I said.

Lucent nodded. Without even thinking, he strode towards a bookcase in the corner and retrieved some candles. Stacking them on the smaller table near me, he put them into order. A white one, purple, pink, two greens, and a brown. Quickly unscrewing the lids off of each candle, he set them into a circle. Opening one of the drawers in the side of the table, he pulled out a specialty candle lighter and proceeded to ignite each wick, one by one.

The smell of lilacs filled the room, slowly at first, let loose when Lucent removed the tops from the candle jars, and then faster and more prominently as the flames melted the scented wax. Belatedly, I realized that all of those candles were lilac scented, even though they were different colors.

"How many candles do you have?" I asked.

"I don't keep track," he said with a shrug. "I maintain a certain amount for each scent and color, but other than that I find it unnecessary to keep careful inventory of every one. If I need more, I order them."

"I don't quite understand how any of this is a punishment," I said.

"Ah, well..." He grinned and came up alongside me, placing his hands on my stomach and kneading my skin lightly beneath his fingers. "As to that, I shall explain."

I wanted to say something, but I could only nod. My stomach still felt tight and excited, and with the addition of Lucent's fingers, my body was beginning to wind up more and more, compressed like a spring but ready to leap up and let loose my eagerness at any moment. Oh God.

Lucent slowly caressed along my stomach, teasing at my belly button. One of his hands roamed upwards towards my nak*d br**sts, while the other meandered downwards towards my pubic hair.

"First," Lucent said, "I shall cover your body in mineral oil, Miss Tanner. Pharmaceutical grade, and extremely safe, though also extremely slippery. Think of it like a massage oil, if you will."

"I don't think a massage is punishment," I said.

"No, not really," he agreed. "The oil is a necessity to insure that the wax comes off easily. Otherwise we risk pulling out hair and causing unnecessary pain and stress. This isn't usually too much of a problem, to be honest, except when it comes to--" His fingers teased along my pubic hair, dancing down to my slit, and carefully spreading my labia.

I gasped aloud and my hands grabbed at the edges of the table. Gently, Lucent pushed his finger inside of me. Apparently not all of my body needed mineral oil; some of me was quite slippery already. He kept going, not stopping like he had before at the club. All the way inside of me, in, further, his finger exploring my depths. Playful and light, he rubbed along the roof of my p**sy, ever so close to my pleasure's core.

"I like this," he said, brushing my pubic hair with his thumb. "I believe I'd enjoy shaving it off of you, too, though. Not now, of course, but later. We'll see."

"Lucent," I panted. I intended to let him know that this wasn't really any kind of punishment I disliked, but then I realized what I was about to say and stopped. If he wanted to punish me this way, who was I to complain?

He grinned at me, almost as if he knew my thoughts completely. "As I was saying," he said. "The oil acts as a slight deterrent to the melted wax. It makes the removal process easier in the long run, though it also increases the difficulty of some of my other plans. It's better to err on the side of caution with that, though."

I breathed hard, my body tensing at the pleasant feeling of his finger rubbing gently inside of me. And... wait, what? "Uh... melted wax?"

"Yes, Miss Tanner," he said. "Your punishment involves dripping hot, melted wax atop your body."

"Won't..." My mind was a mess of distraction with his finger inside of me. "Won't it hurt?"

"No," he said, then added, "I promise you it won't hurt. It may become somewhat uncomfortable at times, but that is fleeting. For the most part, it will simply be a pleasant warmth. I use soy candles, Miss Tanner. The wax melts at a more consistently lower temperature, and thus removes most risk of burning."

"I..." I wanted to believe him, but this was wax, melted and hot, and flames, candles, and...

He picked up one of the candles and held it alongside the table next to me. I stared at the flame, watching it flicker to and fro. A small pool of wax had formed beneath the fiery wick while we spoke, moving outwards towards its glass container.

"Trust me," he said. "Dip your finger in the wax quickly. I promise it won't hurt."

I wanted to trust him, but I wasn't sure. I didn't need to do this, I remembered. I didn't need to accept punishment. This wasn't like with Cole where he didn't tell me anything and didn't let me change my mind. Lucent wasn't like that.

In the library, what seemed like ages ago now, he told me he wouldn't hurt me, too. He promised and I believed him.

I dipped the tip of my finger in the melted wax and then pulled it out. Warmth, but nothing more. I watched, curious, as the wax slowly dried on my fingertip and left a smooth, soft casing on my skin. No pain, no hurt, nothing bad.

"See?" he said, smiling.

I nodded. I nodded and he still had his finger inside of me, but now he was focusing more intently on my g-spot. Distracted by the melted wax momentarily, I soon returned to my previous point of distraction.

"The wax is mostly harmless when touching against the skin quickly," Lucent said while delving inside of me with his finger. "Now, I'm going to show you the worst of it, Miss Tanner, but I promise not to hurt you. Do you understand?"

"Lucent, I..." I nodded. He really shouldn't explain these things to me while playing with my body, I thought.

Moving the white candle over my chest, above my br**sts and towards my nipple, he tipped it sideways until the pool of wax dripped along to the opening of the container, and then he tipped it a slight bit more. A steady stream of melted wax dripped onto my hardened nipple.

Warm, smooth and nice, but the wax kept dripping. Warmer, warmer still, extremely warm. Barely almost burning, like an extremely hot shower, but just that. Lucent moved the candle away, leaving it on the side of the table again.

My nipple tingled and burned, but in a nice way; a different way. The wax dripped and dribbled along my sensitive skin, leaving trails of warmth down my breast. As if this weren't enough, Lucent grabbed my nipple between two fingers and tugged and pulled at it. I moaned and gasped and arched my back. He had one finger inside of me and one finger pulling at me and, oh God, I was so close now, so close and I hadn't even realized it, and warmth and heat and molten liquid. My body felt like a candle and my pleasure was melted wax, and I wanted to drip my orgasm all over Lucent, but he stopped.

Just like that, right before I was nearly over the edge, he stopped tugging at my nipple and he pulled his finger out of me. Pouting, confused, not quite sure what to make of this, I stared at the ceiling, unblinking. And what was that on the ceiling? I hadn't noticed before, but there was some sort of rectangular panel directly above me, about as large around as the table beneath me.

"I really wish you hadn't stopped," I said, frowning. I was tempted to finish what Lucent started, but I didn't want to have to. I wanted him to do it himself.

"Punishment," Lucent reminded me. "Did you forget?"

I mumbled and muttered, complaining to him with nonsense words.

He laughed. "I prefer my punishments to end with rewards, if it's any consolation. Not always, but oftentimes. Would you like to know a secret, though, Miss Tanner?"

I looked over at him and nodded.

Lucent leaned down and whispered into my ears. "After I finish covering your sexy-as-fuck body with melted wax, I'm going to f**k every single thought out of your exceptionally curious head until you're nothing more than a mass of pleasure and ecstasy writhing beneath me on this very table."

"Did... what? Did you really..." Did he really just say that? Seriously! "Lucent, um?"

"I don't like asking, Miss Tanner. I want to punish you when and where I see fit. I want to control you and command your body and I want you to be mine, absolutely. I want you to understand this, and I want you to think about it later. For now, I will ask you, though: Do you accept my punishment?"

I really didn't feel like he gave me much of a choice in the matter. Or, more accurately, I didn't think I wanted a choice in the matter. I nodded fast and bit my lower lip. "Yes, I do," I mumbled.

"None of this will hurt, do you understand? I am withholding a minor piece of information from you, but that's because I want to surprise you with it. It is a good, enjoyable surprise, which also won't hurt, and does not involve anything beyond what we've already done together. No wax for that, nothing at all different. If, for whatever reason, you wish to stop, tell me immediately. Any reason whatsoever, Miss Tanner. It need not be because of pain. A simple change of heart will suffice. No safewords. Just tell me you wish to stop, and I will stop."

I nodded, sincere, knowing Lucent took this seriously. He worried and cared and he didn't want to hurt me, even if he did want to punish me. They were different, I thought. Before, the continued heat of the wax on my nipple hurt a little, but it wasn't a bad hurt. When he spanked me in the library, that was similar, too. An ache, soreness, intense feeling, but not pain. Not bad.

To be completely honest, the only time Lucent had caused me pain thus far was when he left me. When he left those messages on my phone, stating we could never see each other again, and when he yelled at me in his office and left me there. That hurt, but it wasn't even physical, either.

He smiled at me and kissed me lightly on the lips. "I'm going to begin. Usually I would prefer if you remained silent, but if you must ask a question, feel free to do so. I realize this is your first time doing this, and I enjoy your curiosity, so I shall favor you in that."

I nodded, and then I realized something. Something important, too. A shift in thinking, abrupt and all-encompassing.

This wasn't a punishment.

Lucent said it was, and I knew it probably was under different circumstances, but this, right now and right here, wasn't a punishment. It was an enlightenment of sorts. A punitive transcendence?

He did want to punish me, and this was somewhat that, but mostly he wanted me to know that his BDSM things were nothing like Cole's. I didn't know if this was actually what Lucent intended, but this was what I believed. Sam said something similar, too. Sam also said that I was in good hands with Lucent. I agreed with him.

Alongside me, Lucent removed his suit jacket and his dress shirt. He lay his clothes atop mine, then opened one of the drawers in his small table and pulled out a white bottle of mineral oil. Uncapping it, he poured a generous amount in his hand, and began my punishment.

...

With Lucent next to me, shirtless and rubbing oil all over my body, I found it somewhat difficult to relax. I assumed he wanted me to relax, but, oh my God. Really now. How was I supposed to do that with some attractive, muscular man rubbing me down?

He started at my neck, wrapping his fingers around my throat and gently pushing down along the sides. Then, towards my shoulders, squeezing lightly and pressing near my collarbone. Along my arms, down, and back up to my armpits. We needed oil there, too, and I laughed as he kneaded his fingers into the pit of my arm.

"Miss Tanner," Lucent growled, but he had a devilishly wicked and delightful grin on his face. "Stop moving."

"It tickles!" I said in protest.

"I have restraints," he said. "They're built into the table, strapped underneath. Do I need to use them?"

I stopped squirming as he massaged me, but not because of this idle threat. Mostly, I wondered what it might be like if he strapped me to the table. Were they full body restraints, or just arm and leg ones?

"What kind of restraints?" I asked, letting my curious nature get the best of me.

Lucent had moved onto my chest now after slathering more mineral oil into his hands. Tantalizing and light, he rolled my br**sts around in his hands, moving in and out, tweaking my n**ples at the apex of his manipulations.

"There are cuffs," he said. "Leather. This table is for one thing and one thing only, so I need to be mindful of that. I like leather and oil. They go well together and have a very primal look and feel and smell. It's nice. I also have belts," he added, "to strap around your wriggling body and hug you tight so you can't get away from me."

I beamed at him, my smile as bright as the lights above. I liked that Lucent felt that way now and I hoped it was more permanent. I didn't want him to want me to go away.

Bending low, squeezing one of my br**sts roughly for a moment, he grabbed my well-oiled nipple between his teeth and bit lightly on it. I gasped and my body bucked up, but Lucent held me against the table with his hands.

"Tsk tsk," he said, sounding more amused than anything. "I really should use these restraints, shouldn't I?" He let out an exaggerated sigh.

"Can you put one of the cuffs on my wrist?" I asked. "If... if you don't want to, you don't have to." I blushed and looked away from him.

"Curious?" he asked.

"I'd like to know how it feels, but just one. I don't know if I'll like it."

Lucent nodded and leaned forward to kiss me quickly. The oil from my nipple, now lightly smeared on his lips, dripped into my mouth. It tasted of nothing and slipperiness, warm and inconspicuously sweet.

"Just one," he said. "I'll keep it loose. If you want, you should be able to slip your hand out of it without much effort."

I nodded. I liked that. I didn't know about the cuff or the leather or any of this, but I wanted to know. Just a little bit, just one. That was a small amount, and enough for me.

Lucent removed himself from my presence to collect one of the cuffs. Returning, he showed it to me; it had a metal snap on the end, with varying snaps for different sized wrists all along the outer edge. I held my hand out to him and he wrapped the cuff around my wrist, snapping it at the loosest setting. The cuff hung around my wrist like a large bangle bracelet.

Satisfied, Lucent resumed oiling me. Faster now, towards my stomach, he pushed against my abdomen with his fingers and thumbs. My body tensed and tightened and flexed under his fingers, but he had this way of doing it where every push of his fingertips quickly moved towards a softer spot, evading my body's inadvertent flexing. It tickled a little, but otherwise I loved it. I didn't even know how to describe it. Were stomach massages a thing? If so, Lucent was an expert at them.

And down. Getting more oil, he poured it directly onto my sex. I glanced down my body, staring at the slippery clear liquid pooling near my pubic bone and then sliding through my trimmed hair, towards my clitoris, and forming a slick waterfall past my labia and my slit. I only saw this for a moment before Lucent dutifully continued oiling me.

His fingers spread the oil towards my h*ps and my thighs, then back again. Rubbing it into my pubic hair, smoothing it around, he traced a path towards my clit, and...

Fuck! One finger, just one, and light, small circles, he stroked a line around the hood of my clit, over and over again. Over, inwards, again, further, teasing and spreading away the soft covering of skin above my little bulb of pleasure. Then he touched me, featherlight, directly on my slippery, glistening pearl.

I wanted him to do this to me over and over again, forever, his finger orbiting around the blazing Sun of my body, but it was not to be. Lucent slid downwards, towards the entrance to my sex, and oiled me there, too. Taking careful measures, he made certain that I had some amount of oil glistening in every crevice of the core of my body. My labia, each curve, all of me; artfully lubricated and rubbed smooth by Lucent's commanding hands.

That was it, though. Not my legs, apparently. I would've liked him to oil up my legs, I thought, but Lucent had other plans.

Digging through his table drawers, he pulled out an assortment of paintbrushes stored in thick plastic pouches.

"These were specially made for me," he said. "I have also gone through the process of sterilizing them to adhere to my strict specifications. They are extremely clean and safe." Nodding to me, he added, "Close your eyes."

My eyes closed immediately with barely any thought involved.

"Why?" I asked.

"Quiet for a moment," he said. "You may speak after."

I listened to him and accepted his order and quieted.

A tickle from the softest paintbrush bristles I'd ever felt teased across my closed lips. It was so odd and strange and sensitive that I wanted to laugh, but then the paintbrush moved, quick as that. He touched my nose, waving back and forth. I wanted to nuzzle against the brush and move my head into it. This felt so different and nice.

Upwards, along the bridge of my nose, brushing across my eyebrows, then down. Ever so gently, Lucent painted a line of air, back and forth, across my eyelashes.

This wasn't orgasm or cli**x or anything of the sort, except it was, too. Pleasure, bundled up, centered on my eye and my eyelids and my tiny little lashes. It felt so amazing and beautiful and soft, and I thought that if for some reason I ever couldn't have sex, this was the second best thing.

Lucent knew a lot of these things, didn't he? He understood. Had he done this to himself, too? He mentioned he experimented with the safety of candle wax, but what about this? I imagined Lucent laying down, carefully teasing the soft bristles of a paintbrush across his closed eyes, experiencing this pleasure for himself.

Would he let me do that to him sometime? Would he let me bring him this pleasure? I sighed at the thought, wistful.

Lucent teased along my other eye now and I thought time must have stopped, because it seemed like forever and mere seconds later when he pulled the paintbrush away.

"You may open your eyes, Miss Tanner," he said quietly.

My eyes fluttered open, alive and new and pleasant and fresh. "That was really nice," I said.

"You liked it?" he asked. A wide, boyish smile teased at his lips.

I nodded, quick. "Yes."

"I have enough wax to begin," he said. "Are you ready?"

I nodded again. "Yes."

"Good. It may be slightly uncomfortable sometimes, and be very warm, but I promise not to hurt you, Miss Tanner. I am going to paint a picture with wax across your body now."

He... what? Oh my. Was that a thing? Yes, I supposed so, because he was about to do it. I wondered if this was a BDSM thing, a Lucent thing, or one of the most romantic things I'd ever heard of. I decided it probably was a bit of all three.

I was about to become a wax and oil painting, apparently, and I thought maybe this was amazing.

...

Despite having felt the wax before, touching it with my fingertips and seeing it harden into a shell around my nail and skin, I grew anxious. Trepidation, the calm before the storm, or any number of cliches about adventure and disaster; these ideas zoomed through my mind. I knew it shouldn't hurt, and Lucent said it wouldn't hurt, but what if it hurt?

He took a paintbrush and dipped it into one of the green candles, then hurried to color a patch of my skin. The wax dripped onto the side of my arm, then my breast, until finally it swished and brushed against my body near my shoulder. Lucent painted a swath of green from the outer edge of my collar bone to the top of my breast.

I winced, prepared for the worst, but nothing bad happened. The tiny drops of green wax on my arm and breast dried quickly, glossy and light. The longer line of green remained warm and soft and smooth against my body. Blinking, I watched as Lucent painted me and the wax cooled and dried.

He grinned. "I told you it wouldn't hurt."

"I know. I just..." I just didn't know. I didn't know these things as much as Lucent knew them, and it was all so foreign and new to me. Exotic and interesting, but scary, too. I remembered Cole and his "version" of BDSM and how bad it made me feel.

Lucent let the first brush lay against the table and he picked up another. Dipping it into the darker green, he painted a line next to his previous one, melding the two shades together into something light, then mixed, and finally dark.

That's what this was, I thought. There was something soft and curious about this, and that was the light, but then darkness waited on the other side. If you went too far, stretched yourself beyond your limits, you reached that bad spot. But, if you were careful, guided and wary, you could move partway into the shadows without becoming entirely consumed by them.

I thought maybe this was how Lucent felt, and maybe it was why he worried so much. Maybe this was why he didn't want me to be near him before. But then, why did he let me come near him now? Was he too dark sometimes? He said he didn't want to hurt me and he worried he might, but I didn't think he would. Granted, I didn't think anything bad was going to happen with Cole, either. Was I too naive?

"Miss Tanner," Lucent said, snapping me out of my daydreamy thoughts. "I require a copious amount of purple. It's far easier if I pour the wax instead of brushing it. This also means it might become very hot. I can brush and spend more time on this if you'd rather, but I'm eagerly awaiting the end of your punishment."

The... end?

After I finish covering your sexy-as-fuck body with melted wax, I'm going to f**k every single thought out of your exceptionally curious head until you're nothing more than a mass of pleasure and ecstasy writhing beneath me on this very table.

My exceptionally curious head was all the more curious and agreed with Lucent's eager anticipation. For his part, he barely looked any different from calm, casual Lucent. It made me wonder if he was ever eager like this before, but I didn't realize it because he did a good job of hiding it. In the library? In the BDSM club? In his office?

"You can pour it," I said, meek and uncertain. This was another somewhat new thing, and it worried me again.

He picked up the lighter purple candle jar and held it over my chest. Slowly, he tipped it to the side and poured lavender colored wax onto my body. From the center of my br**sts, covering one and then the other, downwards, lower, pooling it onto my stomach.

It felt warm at first, inconsequential. Then warmer. Warmer still, and... very warm. I hitched my breath, inhaling sharply. But, fortunately, as soon as I thought the wax was too much to handle in any particular spot, Lucent move on. I glanced at him, grateful and worried and yearning all at once. He watched me, too. He seemed to have one eye on the fall of the wax and one on me, always keeping care to see how I was.

Protecting me, watching over me.

He had enough wax now and he tilted the jar upright again and returned it to the table. With another paintbrush, he shifted the purple around this way and that, connecting part of it to the greens, and painting other parts to match some image in his mind.

I'd focused so much on the wax and the heat that I didn't realize he still had a brush, too. The bristles shaped the purple into Lucent's ideal image, but they also caressed against my body. The paintbrush flicked across my nipple, back and forth. I bit my lip, excited. The wax cooled, but my body heated up at the prospects of Lucent's expertly wielded brush.

Back and forth, swishing, teasing me. He had nothing more to paint, but he seemed to like painting my nipple nonetheless. Without warning, he tossed the brush onto the table and moved down to kiss me hard on the lips. I gasped, breathing into his mouth. One of his hands forcefully grabbed my hair and tugged, bringing my head up and into his kiss, while his other hand reached for my oiled, glistening clit. He rubbed me gently, back and forth.

I wanted to grab him. I wanted to touch him. I went to do exactly that and tried to bring my hand to the back of his neck, but it was the hand he'd trapped with his leather cuff earlier. Feebly, I stretched to try and touch him, but the restraint refused me. Lucent slipped a finger into me roughly, toying with my sex, and he kissed me even rougher.

Then he stopped.

As quickly as that, he resumed his calm demeanor and reached for the darker purple wax. "More pouring, Miss Tanner."

I nodded, breathing hard, unsure what to make of this.

He poured the darker wax across some of the lighter one, focusing mostly on the breast he'd only partially painted the last time. This nipple needed attention too, no doubt, and Lucent supplied it with plenty in the form of hot and heated wax. He poured until it hurt, but no more, and then he moved on. The darker wax formed the shape of a sliver of a crescent moon, from my breast and nipple to the side of my stomach near my belly button.

Then, the brush. I watched him. I should ask questions, I thought, except I didn't know how to think of any questions right now. Everything eluded me. I was wax and heat and pleasure and his. Oil, slick, dripping and ecstatic.

He teased my nipple again like before. I knew. This time I knew what came after the brush against my nipple, just like I now knew what came after a spanking with Lucent. I knew and I waited and I grinned in anticipation, happy and eager.

Lucent didn't kiss me, though. He didn't throw the brush aside and attack me with his passion. He didn't touch my cl*t or my slit or my sex or my labia or anything. He did put the brush down gently, and took up another clean one, but I found this quite a bit less interesting.

He laughed at me. "Disappointed, are we?"

"I thought you were going to kiss me again," I said.

"I know." He dipped the brush into the single brown candle and painted a line from the lower parts of the purple and my belly button to the very top of my pubic hair.

"Why didn't you?" I asked.

"It's more exciting when you don't expect it," he said. "Your expression and your gasp and the look of surprise in your eyes pleases me. I like you in all ways, Miss Tanner, but those rare expressions of spontaneous pleasure are my favorites."

I smiled, giddy. Lucent sounded so formal and erudite sometimes, but I loved the meaning behind his words. He made everything he said important and special, and when he spoke about me I felt like I was important and special because of it.

He returned to the greens, painting little spots and lines here and there, following alongside the streak of brown. The brushes tickled and teased at my stomach and I squirmed a little, side to side, but I tried to stay still. With Lucent watching me, glaring and teasing me with his eyes, it made this difficult.

Soon he finished, though. Or nearly finished.

"Miss Tanner," he said. "This final part will be more intense than any of the previous parts combined, because of the nature of where I wish to pour wax. It is also paramount to my plans. If you wish to forego it, I shall understand, though."

I eyed him, confused. To better make his point, he rested his palm over my sex, curling his fingers downwards and squeezing me gently. I melted into him and pushed up against him, desiring more.

Taking hold of the mostly unused brown candle once more, he hovered it above his other hand and, by association, my p**sy.

I stared and... wait, oh my. Did he... wax pouring... heat... right there? His gentle, insistent nod seemed to indicate that, yes, he wanted to pour melted wax across my most intimate area.

"I trust you, Lucent," I said. "Please don't hurt me."

"Never," he said, and with such conviction that it stunned me. What was he thinking right now?

I didn't have time to ponder his meaning or his thoughts before he removed his hand from my body and began his final task.

It didn't hurt at first, nor was it anything exceptional. Wax dripped from the jar and onto my body. He started near the end of his previous brown line, creating a pool in my pubic hair, but then he went lower. The wax washed across my body at the same time, too, gathering heat and a little speed as it trailed lower and lower.

Then he reached my clit.

With the previous warmth already there, and more bubbling forth with Lucent's constant pouring, the effects were intense and immediate. I cried out, gasping. It didn't hurt so much as it was... powerful. A pervasive, strong heat pattered against the center of my pleasure, consuming me.

I was a body, a person, in a room, on the world, in a universe of many planets, but at that moment I felt like I was nothing more than my clitoris, a single pearl hidden behind a thin veil, being covered in smooth, silken wax from head to toe.

The wax dripped down my core, traveling across my labia, inside and out. For protective measures, or something more, Lucent pushed two fingers inside of me, keeping the wax away from my inner depths. Protective, yes, except this was somewhat of a double-edged sword.

My body clenched against his fingers and bucked in protest, alarmed at all of the sensation. But still he poured. I tried to grab the edge of the bed and grip it tight in my hands, but only one of them could. The other, bound by the leather cuff, stretched and strained uselessly near my side.

It was hot, too hot. Not too hot, though. Hotter than before, but it didn't burn yet. I could do more. I clenched my teeth, trying to overpower these new sensations with some that I knew better. My eyelids clamped tightly shut, blinding me, and still Lucent poured.

Then he stopped. He stopped and he kissed me. With two fingers still inside of me, and his lips on me, he uncuffed my wrist with his free hand. The snaps came loose and my arm broke free from restraint and I grabbed him by the neck and pulled him against me.

Or, I tried to pull him against me, but he smiled and laughed against my lips and pressed me back onto the table.

"Lucent," I whined. "I want to kiss you."

"Soon," he said. "I want you to see something."

This intrigued me. What was there to see? I looked down at my body and saw his painting, but from my odd vantage point, I couldn't quite make out what he'd done. I supposed it looked nice, though?

Holding up one finger, indicating I should wait patiently, he strode towards the door. Flipping another switch near the lightswitch, he waited. The panel above me quivered, shifted, and moved aside. Directly overhead was a body-length mirror set into the ceiling.

I looked up, and in effect down, at myself.

Painted across my body in tender detail was a purple lilac. The original green part from when he began made a leaf, and the purples created the main part of it, with tiny florets swirling across my br**sts. The brown line down my stomach was a branch, and the other green spots were more leaves. The thick brown patch across my pubic area and my sex formed a mound of dirt, or something like it. I didn't think this was part of the picture exactly, but it did look nice and interesting, albeit different.

I gaped, staring at my body and the wax picture painted onto me.

"With your permission," Lucent said, "I would like to take a picture of this. I will keep it private, Miss Tanner, and I swear never to show anyone."

"I..." I didn't know how I felt about that. Was this pornography or art? Both? Who knew? "Can I have a copy?" I asked, sheepish.

He blinked at me, clearly caught off guard. "Yes," he said after taking a moment to regain his composure. "If you'd like, I can arrange that."

I nodded and lay perfectly still. The wax covering my cl*t and my lower lips cooled, but I continued to feel an insistent pulse where Lucent had first poured it. Pounding, beating, thrumming like a miniature heartbeat, my cl*t desired freedom and release.

Lucent reached atop one of his bookshelves and retrieved a fancy looking camera. Turning it on and adjusting the settings, he pointed it at me and...

Click.

Just one. That was enough, apparently. I glanced over at him in time to see him turning the camera off and stowing it away.

What now? We were going to have sex, he said. I definitely liked that idea. Though I didn't quite know how this should work with me covered in wax. Lucent knew what he was doing; he returned to my side and collected a small, metal spreading knife from one of his drawers.

"This," he said, "is the best part."

Why? I didn't know until he started.

He formulated it into sensible ideas and words while my mind reeled with the possibilities.

"The heat of the wax and the way it dries on your skin increases your sensitivity," he said. With quick, deft strokes he peeled wax from my upper body and my br**sts and my stomach. The chips and pieces cracked away and he flicked them onto the floor.

Wow.

My skin beneath the wax was red and responsive, like a sunburn but not bad. Everywhere Lucent touched, everywhere he removed the wax, I just felt more. When he tweaked my nipple after freeing it from its cocoon of wax, I swore I must have nearly had an orgasm right then and there, from nothing more than that. I felt like I had four n**ples tightly packed into one and all of them sensitive beyond belief.

Lucent chipped and flicked and removed more wax, leaving a red-skinned imprint of his lilac flower painting on my body. When he reached my pubic mound, I realized I was in trouble. Lucent realized it, too, but with a goofy grin on his face and an ever vigilant gaze towards his newfound source of excitement, I don't think he found it as troubling as me.

The wax came free from my pubic hair easily, just as he'd said. The mineral oil kept it from sticking too much, though it did nothing to remove my heightened sensitivity. He cracked and peeled away the wax on my cl*t and my labia and everything else and...

I spasmed in some heady, immediate orgasm. What? How? I knew how, and yet I didn't. I'd been so worked up before, so needy and aroused, that with the extra sensation throbbing through me from the wax, and the easy way Lucent handled my body, I became completely undone. While I squirmed in cli**x on the table, completely not expecting this, Lucent put a hand on my stomach and pubic bone and kept me mostly in place.

He seemed more amused than anything, and he stroked and rubbed around the hood of my clit, urging my cli**x onwards.

Oh, wow. Oh, wow. That was all I could think. Oh, wow.

"So you see, Miss Tanner," Lucent said, cocksure and confident. "I'm about to have a lot of fun with you. Not that you need it at the moment, as I'm positive your arousal will give me plenty to work with, but the mineral oil from before should provide us with an interesting experience, too."

He didn't say anymore. He didn't ask me any questions, or tell me what he was doing, or anything. Staring at him, rapt, my pleasure fading slightly during my post-orgasmic wind-down, Lucent divested himself of his shoes and pants and underwear. Standing before me, nak*d and glorious, he stepped to the end of the table.

He grabbed my legs. He grabbed my legs and pulled, and with the slickness of the oil that had dripped onto his cushioned table, I slid towards him easily. His erection stood prominently before me, eager, like he said, with anticipation.

I thought I might have a little time to prepare, maybe some warm up beforehand, but, no. He pulled me and I slid directly onto his cock. He sheathed himself inside of me, the mineral oil and my arousal making his journey extremely easy.

I had an orgasm, and I was coming down from an orgasm, but apparently I wasn't. I gasped as he fitted himself inside of me, filling me completely. He held my thighs tight, squeezing me against him, and in my heightened state of affairs, all I could do was feel pleasure. As he rocked against me, pushing in and out of me in quick bursts, I think I died.

This wasn't a little death, not by any means. Petite mort? No, not at all. This was some grand event, pronounced and open only by invitation, but Lucent and I both had VIP passes.

My body, inside of me, attempted to clench onto him in desperate release, but the slickness of the oil prevented it. My orgasm grew, heavier and powerful, and Lucent continued his insistent exploitation of my core. Even worse, he decided it was a good idea to toy with my cl*t with one hand while he held my thigh with the other and pounded into me.

This was all... a lot. I couldn't think of any way to define it besides that. Sex multiplied by five, squared, then cubed. Slippery and slick, constant, intense and... a lot.

I orgasmed again, and again. And more. I had never had multiple orgasms like this before, and I always felt jealous of those who could, but apparently Lucent knew how to release that hidden restraint inside of me. As easily, I thought, as if he'd undone the clip of a leather cuff and set me free. I closed my eyes and became pure pleasure and thought of nothing except him and I coupling, cli**x overtaking me over and over.

...

Lucent and I had left Sam's Carousel club a little before two in the morning. We must have arrived at his apartment at about two, but I didn't remember checking the time then. I was too excited to see his home.

I had no idea what time it was now, nor if time existed anymore. Maybe everyone in the world had decided to do away with it while Lucent and I made love excessively on the cushioned table in his candle room. This, I thought, was a good room, and maybe I should stay here forever.

We weren't hav**g s*x anymore, but that was fine with me. I lay there, gazing upwards, seeing myself in the mirror, nigh oblivious to everything else. I saw Lucent, too, and he looked happy. I thought I must be glowing, because everything seemed brighter all of a sudden. My body felt wonderful and light like an airy gust of wind.

Lucent had filled me with his own orgasm while sating me with more than a few of mine. Then he cleaned me with a towel while I lay there, smiling like an idiot. Well, maybe I was an idiot, I thought, but what of it? Lucent accepted me and he treated me nicely and he saved me.

He also poured hot, melted wax all across my body and brought me to the brink of agony before delivering me into a triumph of consummate ecstasy. Lucent was very good at these sorts of things. A thought occurred to me and I panicked.

Before I knew it, he had me cradled in his arms and was carrying me out of the room.

Anxious, worried, I looked up at him. "Lucent, do you do this often? I mean, do you do it with anyone else, too?"

He leaned down and kissed my forehead. "Miss Tanner, I told you this already. I don't believe in partial relationships. I don't partake in casual sex, nor do I do things merely for the fun of it."

"Oh," I said. "What does that mean?"

"What does that mean with you, you mean?"

I nodded. "Yes."

He brought me to the door and I opened it for us, unthinking. He smiled at me and nodded his thanks, then carried me into the hallway of his skyrise apartment.

"I don't know," he said, shrugging and lifting me up slightly.

"What do you mean you don't know? You need to know. You can't not know."

"I don't think this is a good idea," he said.

"Oh." I didn't really like that answer.

"I want it to be a good idea, though."

This was a better answer, I thought. "I liked the wax."

"Did you? You look thoroughly fatigued."

"I do?" I grinned, sleepy. I felt a little tired, too. Tired, but awake. I wanted to cuddle with him and talk, and lay in bed or in front of a fireplace on a pallet in the library. With snow surrounding us. Just us. Alone.

"I'm taking you to my bed," he informed me, sounding as if he refused to accept dissent.

"Alright," I said.

"You smell beautiful," he said. "I appreciate your choice in candle scents."

"You have really nice candles," I added. "Those are soy? They smell better."

"Soy, yes." He nodded and we wandered down his hallway towards, I assumed, his bedroom. He hadn't bothered to turn the lights on and we traveled softly through the darkness. "I have them custom made by a small candlemaking company in Minnesota. They're quite accommodating."

"Oh," I said. "What's your favorite scent for a candle?"

"Currently, I believe it might be lilac," he said with a rakish grin. "Previously I enjoyed pumpkin and spice, though."

"We should use pumpkin candles tomorrow," I said, nodding.

Lucent laughed. "Maybe. Maybe not. We'll see."

I was sleepy, and maybe not thinking well, but the next words just came blurting out of my mouth. "Can we go on a date, Lucent? You said in the library you'd think about asking me out on one once we got out and I know you wanted me to go away but I don't want to go away and I would like it if you asked me on a date."

He stopped in the hallway and stared at me. I couldn't see much of him, except a faint shadow of his face provided to me by the glimmer of the moon and stars from a nearby window. He shook his head and grinned, amazed. "You want me to ask you on a date?"

"Yes, I would like it."

"I'll consider it, Miss Tanner. I think I might. Let's go to sleep for now, though."

"You'll sleep with me?" I asked.

"I am going to put you in my bed and I am going to get in right beside you, yes."

"Can we cuddle?"

"Yes."

"Can we talk?"

"For a little while, and then we need to sleep."

"Sometimes I talk in my sleep," I said. "If I do, will you answer me still?"

He snorted out a chuckle. "You're very difficult, did you know that?"

"I know," I said. "But you like me still."

"I do," he agreed. "Yes."

