For Vance.

Some fathers give you life. Some show you how to live it. Thank you for showing me how to live mine.

Sunday, October 28th, 2012 7:29 p.m.

I stand up and look down at the bed, holding my breath in fear of the sounds that are escalating from deep within my throat.

I will not cry.

I will not cry.

Slowly sinking to my knees, I place my hands on the edge of the bed and run my fingers over the yellow stars poured across the deep blue background of the comforter. I stare at the stars until they begin to blur from the tears that are clouding my vision.

I squeeze my eyes shut and bury my head into the bed, grabbing fistfuls of the blanket. My shoulders begin to shake as the sobs I've been trying to contain violently break out of me. With one swift movement, I stand up, scream and rip the blanket off the bed, throwing it across the room.

I ball my fists and frantically look around for something else to throw. I grab the pillows off the bed and chuck them at the reflection in the mirror of the girl I no longer know. I watch as the girl in the mirror stares back at me, sobbing pathetically. The weakness in her tears infuriates me. We begin to run toward each other until our fists collide against the glass, smashing the mirror. I watch as she falls into a million shiny pieces onto the carpet.

I grip the edges of the dresser and push it sideways, letting out another scream that has been pent up for way too long. When the dresser comes to rest on its back, I rip open the drawers and throw the contents across the room, spinning and throwing and kicking at everything in my path. I grab at the sheer blue curtain panels and yank them until the rod snaps and the curtains fall around me. I reach over to the boxes piled high in the corner and, without even knowing what's inside, I take the top one and throw it against the wall with as much force as my five foot, three-inch frame can muster.

"I hate you!" I cry. "I hate you, I hate you, I hate you!"

I'm throwing whatever I can find in front of me at whatever else I can find in front of me. Every time I open my mouth to scream, I taste the salt from the tears that are streaming down my cheeks.

Holder's arms suddenly engulf me from behind and grip me so tightly I become immobile. I jerk and toss and scream some more until my actions are no longer thought out. They're just reactions.

"Stop," he says calmly against my ear, unwilling to release me. I hear him, but I pretend not to. Or I just don't care. I continue to struggle against his grasp but he only tightens his grip.

"Don't touch me!" I yell at the top of my lungs, clawing at his arms. Again, it doesn't faze him.

Don't touch me. Please, please, please.

The small voice echoes in my mind and I immediately become limp in his arms. I become weaker as my tears grow stronger, consuming me. I become nothing more than a vessel for the tears that won't stop shedding.

I am weak, and I'm letting him win.

Holder loosens his grip around me and places his hands on my shoulders, then turns me around to face him. I can't even look at him. I melt against his chest from exhaustion and defeat, taking in fistfuls of his shirt as I sob, my cheek pressed against his heart. He places his hand on the back of my head and lowers his mouth to my ear.

"Sky." His voice is steady and unaffected. "You need to leave. Now."

Saturday, August 25th, 2012 11:50 p.m.

Two months earlier...

I'd like to think most of the decisions I've made throughout my seventeen years have been smart ones. Hopefully intelligence is measured by weight, and the few dumb decisions I've made will be outweighed by the intelligent ones. If that's the case, I'll need to make a shitload of smart decisions tomorrow because sneaking Grayson into my bedroom window for the third time this month weighs pretty heavily on the dumb side of the scale. However, the only accurate measurement of a decision's level of stupidity is time...so I guess I'll wait and see if I get caught before I break out the gavel.

Despite what this may look like, I am not a slut. Unless, of course, the definition of slut is based on the fact that I make out with lots of people, regardless of my lack of attraction for them. In that case, one might have grounds for debate.

"Hurry," Grayson mouths behind the closed window, obviously irritated at my lack of urgency.

I unlock the latch and slide the window up as quietly as possible. Karen may be an unconventional parent, but when it comes to boys sneaking through bedroom windows at midnight, she's your typical, disapproving mother.

"Quiet," I whisper. Grayson hoists himself up and throws one leg over the ledge, then climbs into my bedroom. It helps that the windows on this side of the house are barely three feet from the ground; it's almost like having my own door. In fact, Six and I have probably used our windows to go back and forth to each other's houses more than we've used actual doors. Karen has become so used to it, she doesn't even question my window being open the majority of the time.

Before I close the curtain, I glance to Six's bedroom window. She waves at me with one hand while pulling on Jaxon's arm with the other as he climbs into her bedroom. As soon as Jaxon is safely inside, he turns and sticks his head back out the window. "Meet me at your truck in an hour," he whispers loudly to Grayson. He closes Six's window and shuts her curtains.

Six and I have been joined at the hip since the day she moved in next door four years ago. Our bedroom windows are adjacent to one another, which has proven to be extremely convenient. Things started out innocently enough. When we were fourteen, I would sneak into her room at night and we would steal ice cream from the freezer and watch movies. When we were fifteen, we started sneaking boys in to eat ice cream and watch movies with us. By the time we were sixteen, the ice cream and movies took a backseat to the boys. Now, at seventeen, we don't even bother leaving our respective bedrooms until after the boys go home. That's when the ice cream and movies take precedence again.

Six goes through boyfriends like I go through flavors of ice cream. Right now her flavor of the month is Jaxon. Mine is Rocky Road. Grayson and Jaxon are best friends, which is how Grayson and I were initially thrown together. When Six's flavor of the month has a hot best friend, she eases him into my graces. Grayson is definitely hot. He's got an undeniably great body, perfectly sloppy hair, piercing dark eyes...the works. The majority of girls I know would feel privileged just to be in the same room as him.

It's too bad I don't.

I close the curtains and spin around to find Grayson inches from my face, ready to get the show started. He places his hands on my cheeks and flashes his panty-dropping grin. "Hey, beautiful." He doesn't give me a chance to respond before his lips greet mine in a sloppy introduction. He continues kissing me while slipping off his shoes. He slides them off effortlessly while we both walk toward my bed, mouths still meshed together. The ease at which he does both things simultaneously is impressive and disturbing. He slowly eases me back onto my bed. "Is your door locked?"

"Go double check," I say. He gives me a quick peck on the lips before he hops up to ensure the door is locked. I've made it thirteen years with Karen and have never been grounded; I don't want to give her any reason to start now. I'll be eighteen in a few weeks and even then, I doubt she'll change her parenting style as long as I'm under her roof.

Not that her parenting style is a negative one. It's just...very contradictory. She's been strict my whole life. We've never had access to the internet, cell phones or even a television because she believes technology is the root of all evil in the world. Yet, she's extremely lenient in other regards. She allows me to go out with Six whenever I want, and as long as she knows where I am, I don't even really have a curfew. I've never pushed that one too far, though, so maybe I do have a curfew and I just don't realize it.

She doesn't care if I cuss, even though I rarely do. She even lets me have wine with dinner every now and then. She talks to me more like I'm her friend than her daughter (even though she adopted me when I was five) and has somehow even warped me into being (almost) completely honest with her about everything that goes on in my life.

There is no middle ground with her. She's either extremely lenient or extremely strict. She's like a conservative liberal. Or a liberal conservative. Whatever she is, she's hard to figure out, which is why I stopped trying years ago.

The only thing we've ever really butted heads on was the issue of public school. She has homeschooled me my whole life (public school is another root of evil) and I've been begging to be enrolled since Six planted the idea in my head. I've been applying to colleges and feel like I'll have a better chance at getting into the schools that I want if I can add a few extracurricular activities to the applications. After months of incessant pleas from Six and me, Karen finally conceded and allowed me to enroll for my senior year. I could have enough credits to graduate from my home study program in just a couple of months, but a small part of me has always had a desire to experience life as a normal teenager.

Of course, if I had known then that Six would be leaving for a foreign exchange the same week as what was supposed to be our first day of senior year together, I never would have entertained the idea of public school. But I'm unforgivably stubborn and would rather stab myself in the meaty part of my hand with a fork than tell Karen I've changed my mind.

I've tried to avoid thinking about the fact that I won't have Six this year. I know how much she was hoping the exchange would work out, but the selfish part of me was really hoping it wouldn't. The idea of having to walk through those doors without her terrifies me. But I realize that our separation is inevitable and I can only go so long before I'm forced into the real world where other people besides Six and Karen live.

My lack of access to the real world has been replaced completely by books, and it can't be healthy to live in a land of happily ever afters. Reading has also introduced me to the (perhaps dramatized) horrors of high school and first days and cliques and mean girls. It doesn't help that, according to Six, I've already got a bit of a reputation just being associated with her. Six doesn't have the best track record for celibacy, and apparently some of the guys I've made out with don't have the best track record for secrecy. The combination should make for a pretty interesting first day of school.

Not that I care. I didn't enroll to make friends or impress anyone, so as long as my unwarranted reputation doesn't interfere with my ultimate goal, I'll get along just fine.

I hope.

Grayson walks back toward the bed after ensuring my door is locked, and he shoots me a seductive grin. "How about a little strip tease?" He sways his h*ps and inches his shirt up, revealing his hard-earned set of abs. I'm beginning to notice he flashes them any chance he gets. He's pretty much your typical, self-absorbed bad boy.

I laugh when he twirls the shirt around his head and throws it at me, then slides on top of me again. He slips his hand behind my neck, pulling my mouth back into position.

The first time Grayson snuck into my room was a little over a month ago, and he made it clear from the beginning that he wasn't looking for a relationship. I made it clear that I wasn't looking for him, so naturally we hit it off right away. Of course, he'll be one of the few people I know at school, so I'm worried it might mess up the good thing we've got going-which is absolutely nothing.

He's been here less than three minutes and he's already got his hand up my shirt. I think it's safe to say he's not here for my stimulating conversation. His lips move from my mouth in favor of my neck, so I use the moment of respite to inhale deeply and try again to feel something.

Anything.

I fixate my eyes on the plastic glow-in-the-dark stars adhered to the ceiling above my bed, vaguely aware of the lips that have inched their way to my chest. There are seventy-six of them. Stars, that is. I know this because for the last few weeks I've had ample time to count them while I've been in this same predicament. Me, lying unnoticeably unresponsive, while Grayson explores my face and neck, and sometimes my chest, with his curious, over-excited lips.

Why, if I'm not into this, do I let him do it?

I've never had any emotional connection to the guys I make out with. Or rather, the guys that make out with me. It's unfortunately mostly one sided. I've only had one guy come close to provoking a physical or emotional response from me once, and that turned out to be a self-induced delusion. His name was Matt and we ended up dating for less than a month before his idiosyncrasies got the best of me. Like how he refused to drink bottled water unless it was through a straw. Or the way his nostrils flared right before he leaned in to kiss me. Or the way he said, "I love you," after only three weeks of declaring ourselves exclusive.

Yeah. That last one was the kicker. Buh-bye Matty boy.

Six and I have analyzed my lack of physical response to guys many times in the past. For a while she suspected I might be gay. After a very brief and awkward "theory testing" kiss between us when we were sixteen, we both concluded that wasn't the case. It's not that I don't enjoy making out with guys. I do enjoy it-otherwise, I wouldn't do it. I just don't enjoy it for the same reasons as other girls. I've never been swept off my feet. I don't get butterflies. In fact, the whole idea of being swooned by anyone is foreign to me. The real reason I enjoy making out with guys is simply because it makes me feel completely and comfortably numb. It's situations like the one I'm in right now with Grayson when it's nice for my mind to shut down. It just completely stops, and I like that feeling.

My eyes are focused on the seventeen stars in the upper right quadrant of the cluster on my ceiling, when I suddenly snap back to reality. Grayson's hands have ventured further than I've allowed them to in the past and I quickly become aware of the fact that he has unbuttoned my jeans and his fingers are working their way around the cotton edge of my panties.

"No, Grayson," I whisper, pushing his hand away.

He pulls his hand back and groans, then presses his forehead into my pillow. "Come on, Sky." He's breathing heavily against my neck. He adjusts his weight to his right arm and looks down at me, attempting to play me with his smile.

Did I mention I'm immune to his panty-dropping grin?

"How much longer are you gonna keep this up?" He slides his hand over my stomach and inches his fingertips into my jeans again.

My skin crawls. "Keep what up?" I attempt to ease out from under him.

He pushes up on his hands and looks down at me like I'm clueless. "This 'good girl' act you've been trying to put on. I'm over it, Sky. Let's just do this already."

This brings me back to the fact that, contrary to popular belief, I am not a slut. I've never had sex with any of the boys I've made out with, including the currently pouting Grayson. I'm aware that my lack of sexual response would probably make it easier on an emotional level to have sex with random people. However, I'm also aware that it might be the very reason I shouldn't have sex. I know that once I cross that line, the rumors about me will no longer be rumors. They'll all be fact. The last thing I want is for the things people say about me to be validated. I guess I can chalk my almost eighteen years of virginity up to sheer stubbornness.

For the first time in the ten minutes he's been here, I notice the smell of alcohol reeking from him. "You're drunk." I push against his chest. "I told you not to come over here drunk again." He rolls off of me and I stand up to button my pants and pull my shirt back into place. I'm relieved he's drunk. I'm beyond ready for him to leave.

He sits up on the edge of the bed and grabs my waist, pulling me toward him. He wraps his arms around me and rests his head against my stomach. "I'm sorry," he says. "It's just that I want you so bad I don't think I can take coming over here again if you don't let me have you." He lowers his hands and cups my butt, then presses his lips against the area of skin where my shirt meets my jeans.

"Then don't come over here." I roll my eyes and back away from him, then head to the window. When I pull the curtain back, Jaxon is already making his way out of Six's window. Somehow we both managed to condense this hour-long visit into ten minutes. I glance at Six and she gives me the all-knowing "time for a new flavor" look.

She follows Jaxon out of her window and walks over to me. "Is Grayson drunk, too?"

I nod. "Strike three." I turn and look at Grayson who's lying back on the bed, ignorant to the fact that he's no longer welcome. I walk over to the bed and pick his shirt up, tossing it at his face. "Leave," I say. He looks up at me and cocks an eyebrow, then begrudgingly slides off the bed when he sees I'm not making a joke. He slips his shoes back on, pouting like a four-year-old. I step aside to let him out.

Six waits until Grayson has cleared the window, then she climbs inside when one of the guys mumbles the word "whores." Once inside, Six rolls her eyes and turns around to stick her head out.

"Funny how we're whores because you didn't get laid. Assholes." She shuts the window and walks over to the bed, plopping down on it and crossing her hands behind her head. "And another one bites the dust."

I laugh, but my laugh is cut short by a loud bang on my bedroom door. I immediately go unlock it, then step aside preparing for Karen to barge in. Her motherly instincts don't let me down. She looks around the room frantically until she eyes Six on the bed.

"Dammit," she says, spinning around to face me. She puts her hands on her h*ps and frowns. "I could have sworn I heard boys in here."

I walk over to the bed and attempt to hide the sheer panic coursing throughout my body. "And you seem disappointed because..." I absolutely don't understand her reaction to things sometimes. Like I said before...contradictory.

"You turn eighteen in a month. I'm running out of time to ground you for the first time ever. You need to start screwing up a little more, kid."

I breathe a sigh of relief, seeing she's only kidding. I almost feel guilty that she doesn't actually suspect her daughter was being felt up five minutes earlier in this very room. My heart is pounding against my chest so incredibly loud, I'm afraid she might hear it.

"Karen?" Six says from behind us. "If it makes you feel better, two hotties just made out with us, but we kicked them out right before you walked in because they were drunk."

My jaw drops and I spin around to shoot Six a look that I'm hoping will let her know that sarcasm isn't at all funny when it's the truth.

Karen laughs. "Well, maybe tomorrow night you'll get some cute sober boys."

I don't think I have to worry about Karen hearing my heartbeat anymore, because it just completely stopped.

"Sober boys, huh? I think I can arrange that," Six says, winking at me.

"Are you staying the night?" Karen says to Six as she makes her way back to the bedroom door.

Six shrugs her shoulders. "I think we'll stay at my house tonight. It's my last week in my own bed for six months. Plus, I've got Channing Tatum on the flat screen."

I glance back at Karen and see it starting.

"Don't, Mom." I begin walking toward her, but I can see the mist forming in her eyes. "No, no, no." By the time I reach her, it's too late. She's bawling. If there's one thing I can't stand, it's crying. Not because it makes me emotional, but because it annoys the hell out of me. And it's awkward.

"Just one more," she says, rushing toward Six. She's already hugged her no less than ten times today. I almost think she's sadder than I am that Six is leaving in a few days. Six obliges her request for the eleventh hug and winks at me over Karen's shoulder. I practically have to pry them apart, just so Karen will get out of my room.

She walks back to the door and turns around one last time. "I hope you meet a hot Italian boy," she says to Six.

"I better meet more than just one," Six deadpans.

When the door closes behind Karen, I spin around and jump on the bed, then punch Six in the arm. "You're such a bitch," I say. "That wasn't funny. I thought I got caught."

She laughs and grabs my hand, then stands up. "Come. I've got Rocky Road."

She doesn't have to ask twice.

Monday, August 27th, 2012 7:15 a.m.

I debated on whether or not to run this morning but I ended up sleeping in, instead. I run every day except Sunday, but it seems wrong having to get up extra early today. Being the first day of school is enough torture in itself, so I decide to put off my run until after school.

Luckily, I've had my own car for about a year now, so I don't have to rely on anyone other than myself to get me to school on time. Not only do I get here on time, I get here forty-five minutes early. I'm the third car in the parking lot, so at least I get a good spot.

I use the extra time to check out the athletic facilities next to the parking lot. If I'm going to be trying out for the track team, I should at least know where to go. Besides, I can't just sit in my car for the next half hour and count down the minutes.

When I reach the track, there's a guy across the field running laps, so I cut right and walk up the bleachers. I take a seat at the very top and take in my new surroundings. From up here, I can see the whole school laid out in front of me. It doesn't look nearly as big or intimidating as I've been imagining. Six made me a hand-drawn map and even wrote a few pointers down, so I pull the paper out of my backpack and look at it for the first time. I think she's trying to overcompensate because she feels bad for abandoning me.

I look at the school grounds, then back at the map. It looks easy enough. Classrooms in the building to the right. Lunchroom on the left. Track and field behind the gym. There is a long list of her pointers, so I begin reading them.

-Never use the restroom next to the science lab. Ever. Not ever.

-Only wear your backpack across one shoulder. Never double-arm it, it's lame.

-Always check the date on the milk.

-Befriend Stewart, the maintenance guy. It's good to have him on your side.

-The cafeteria. Avoid it at all costs, but if the weather is bad, just pretend you know what you're doing when you walk inside. They can smell fear.

-If you get Mr. Declare for math, sit in the back and don't make eye contact. He loves high school girls, if you know what I mean. Or, better yet, sit in the front. It'll be an easy A.

The list goes on, but I can't read anymore right now. I'm still stuck on, "they can smell fear." It's times like these that I wish I had a cell phone, because I would call Six right now and demand an explanation. I fold the paper up and put it back in my bag, then focus my attention on the lone runner. He's seated on the track with his back turned to me, stretching. I don't know if he's a student or a coach, but if Grayson saw this guy without a shirt, he'd probably become a lot more modest about being so quick to flash his own abs.

The guy stands up and walks toward the bleachers, never looking up at me. He exits the gate and walks to one of the cars in the parking lot. He opens his door and grabs a shirt off the front seat, then pulls it on over his head. He hops in the car and pulls away, just as the parking lot begins to fill up. And it's filling up fast.

Oh, God.

I grab my backpack and purposefully pull both arms through it, then descend the stairs that lead straight to Hell.

Did I say Hell? Because that was putting it mildly. Public school is everything I was afraid it would be and worse. The classes aren't so bad, but I had to (out of pure necessity and unfamiliarity) use the restroom next to the science lab, and although I survived, I'll be scarred for life. A simple side note from Six informing me that it's used as more of a brothel than an actual restroom would have sufficed.

It's fourth period now and I've heard the words "slut" and "whore" whispered not so subtly by almost every girl I've passed in the hallways. And speaking of not-so-subtle, the heap of dollar bills that just fell out of my locker, along with a note, were a good indicator that I may not be very welcome. The note was signed by the principal, but I find that hard to believe based on the fact that "your" was spelled "you're," and the note said, "Sorry you're locker didn't come with a pole, slut."

I stare at the note in my hands with a tight-lipped smile, shamefully accepting my self-inflicted fate that will be the next two semesters. I seriously thought people only acted this way in books, but I'm witnessing first hand that idiots actually exist. I'm also hoping most of the pranks being played at my expense are going to be just like the stripper-cash prank I'm experiencing right now. What idiot gives away money as an insult? I'm guessing a rich one. Or rich ones.

I'm sure the clique of giggling girls behind me that are scantily, yet expensively clad, are expecting my reaction to be to drop my things and run to the nearest restroom crying. There are only three issues with their expectations.

1) I don't cry. Ever.

2) I've been to that restroom and I'll never go back.

3) I like money. Who would run from that?

I set my backpack on the ground below my locker and pick the money up. There are at least twenty one-dollar bills on the ground, and more than ten still in my locker. I scoop those up as well and shove it all into my backpack. I switch books and shut my locker, then slide my backpack on both shoulders and smile.

"Tell your daddies I said thank you." I walk past the clique of girls (that are no longer giggling) and ignore their glares.

It's lunchtime, and looking at the amount of rain flooding the courtyard, it's obvious that Karma has retaliated with shitty weather. Who she's retaliating against is still up in the air.

I can do this.

I place my hands on the doors to the cafeteria and open them, half-expecting to be greeted by fire and brimstone.

I step through the doorway and it's not fire and brimstone that I'm met with. It's a decibel of noise unlike anything my ears have ever been subjected to. It's almost as if every single person in this entire cafeteria is trying to talk louder than every other person in this entire cafeteria. I've just enrolled in a school of nothing but one-uppers.

I do my best to feign confidence, not wanting to attract unwanted attention from anyone. Guys, cliques, outcasts or Grayson. I make it halfway to the food line unscathed, when someone slips his arm through mine and pulls me along behind him.

"I've been waiting for you," he says. I don't even get a good look at his face before he's guiding me across the cafeteria, weaving in and out of tables. I would object to this sudden disruption, but it's the most exciting thing that's happened to me all day. He slips his arm from mine and grabs my hand, pulling me faster along behind him. I stop resisting and go with the flow.

From the looks of the back of him, he's got style, as strange as that style may be. He's wearing a flannel shirt that's edged with the exact same shade of hot pink as his shoes. His pants are black and tight and very figure flattering...if he were a girl. Instead, the pants just accentuate the frailty of his frame. His dark brown hair is cropped short on the sides and is a little longer on top. His eyes are...staring at me. I realize we've come to a stop and he's no longer holding my hand.

"If it isn't the whore of Babylon." He grins at me. Despite the words that just came out of his mouth, his expression is contrastingly endearing. He takes a seat at the table and flicks his hand like he wants me to do the same. There are two trays in front of him, but only one him. He scoots one of the trays of food toward the empty spot in front of me. "Sit. We have an alliance to discuss."

I don't sit. I don't do anything for several seconds as I contemplate the situation before me. I have no idea who this kid is, yet he acts like he was expecting me. Let's not overlook the fact that he just called me a whore. And from the looks of it, he bought me...lunch? I glance at him sideways, attempting to figure him out, when the backpack in the seat next to him catches my eye.

"You like to read?" I ask, pointing at the book peering out of the top of his backpack. It's not a textbook. It's an actual book-book. Something I thought was lost on this generation of internet fiends. I reach over and pull the book out of his backpack and take a seat across from him. "What genre is it? And please don't say sci-fi."

He leans back in his seat and grins like he just won something. Hell, maybe he did. I'm sitting here, aren't I?

"Should it matter what genre it is if the book is good?" he says.

I flip through the pages, unable to tell if it's a romance or not. I'm a sucker for romances, and based on the look of the guy across from me, he might be, too.

"Is it?" I ask, flipping through it. "Good?"

"Yes. Keep it. I just finished it during computer lab."

I look up at him and he's still basking in his glow of victory. I put the book in my backpack, then lean forward and inspect my tray. The first thing I do is check the date on the milk. It's good.

"What if I was a vegetarian?" I ask, looking at the chicken breast in the salad.

"So eat around it," he retorts.

I grab my fork and stab a piece of the chicken, then bring it to my mouth. "Well you're lucky, because I'm not."

He smiles, then picks up his own fork and begins eating.

"Whom are we forming an alliance against?" I'm curious as to why I've been singled out.

He glances around him and raises his hand in the air, twirling it in all directions. "Idiots. Jocks. Bigots. Bitches." He brings his hand down and I notice that his nails are all painted black. He sees me observing his nails and he looks down at them and pouts. "I went with black because it best depicts my mood today. Maybe after you agree to join me on my quest, I'll switch to something a bit more cheerful. Perhaps yellow."

I shake my head. "I hate yellow. Stick with black, it matches your heart."

He laughs. It's a genuine, pure laugh that makes me smile. I like...this kid whose name I don't even know.

"What's your name?" I ask.

"Breckin. And you're Sky. At least I'm hoping you are. I guess I could have confirmed your identity before I spilled to you the details of my evil, sadistic plan to overtake the school with our two person alliance."

"I am Sky. And you really have nothing to worry about, seeing as though you really haven't shared any details about your evil plan yet. I am curious though, how you know who I am. I know four or five guys at this school and I've made out with every one of them. You aren't one of them, so what gives?"

For a split second, I see a flash of what looks like pity in his eyes. He's lucky it was just a flash, though.

Breckin shrugs. "I'm new here. And if you haven't deducted from my impeccable fashion sense, I think it's safe to say that I'm..." he leans forward and cups his hand to his mouth in secrecy. "Mormon," he whispers.

I laugh. "And here I was thinking you were about to say gay."

"That too," he says with a flick of his wrist. He folds his hands under his chin and leans forward a couple of inches. "In all seriousness, Sky. I noticed you in class today and it's obvious you're new here, too. And after seeing the stripper money fall out of your locker before fourth period, then witnessing your non-reaction to it, I knew we were meant to be. Also, I figured if we teamed up, we might prevent at least two unnecessary teenage suicides this year. So, what do you say? Want to be my very bestest friend ever in the whole wide world?"

I laugh. How could I not laugh at that? "Sure. But if the book sucks, we're re-evaluating the friendship."

Monday, August 27th, 2012 3:55 p.m.

Turns out, Breckin was my saving grace today...and he really is Mormon. We have a lot in common, and even more out of common, which makes him that much more appealing. He was adopted as well, but has a close relationship with his birth family. Breckin has two brothers who aren't adopted, and who also aren't gay, so his parents assume his gayness (his word, not mine) has to do with the fact that he doesn't share a bloodline with them. He says they're hoping it fades with more prayer and high school graduation, but he insists that it's only going to flourish.

His dream is to one day be a famous Broadway star, but he says he lacks the ability to sing or act, so he's scaling down his dream and applying to business school, instead. I told him I wanted to major in creative writing and sit around in yoga pants and do nothing but write books and eat ice cream every day. He asked what genre I wanted to write and I replied, "It doesn't matter, so long as it's good, right?" I think that comment sealed our fate.

Now I'm on my way home, deciding on whether or not to go fill Six in on the bittersweet happenings of day one, or go grocery shopping in order to get my caffeine fix before my daily run.

The caffeine wins, despite the fact that my affection for Six is slightly greater.

My minimal portion of familial contribution is the weekly grocery shopping. Everything in our house is sugar-free, carb-free and taste-free, thanks to Karen's unconventional vegan way of life, so I actually prefer doing the grocery shopping. I grab a six-pack of soda and the biggest bag of bite size Snickers I can find and throw them in the cart. I have a nice hiding spot for my secret stash in my bedroom. Most teenagers are stashing away cigarettes and weed-I stash away sugar.

When I reach the checkout, I recognize the girl ringing me up is in my second period English class. I'm pretty sure her name is Shayna, but her nametag reads Shayla. Shayna/Shayla is everything I wish I were. Tall, voluptuous and sun-kissed blonde. I can maybe pull off five-three on a good day and my flat brown hair could use a trim-maybe even some highlights. They would be a bitch to maintain considering the amount of hair that I have. It falls about six inches past my shoulders, but I keep it pulled up most of the time due to the southern humidity.

"Aren't you in my Science class?" Shayna/Shayla asks.

"English," I correct her.

She shoots me a condescending look. "I did speak English," she says defensively. "I said, 'aren't you in my Science class?'"

Oh, holy hell. Maybe I don't want to be that blonde.

"No," I say. "I meant English as in 'I'm not in your Science class, I'm in your English class.'"

She looks at me blankly for a second, then laughs. "Oh." Realization dawns on her face. She eyes the screen in front of her and reads out my total. I slip my hand in my back pocket and retrieve the credit card, hoping to hurry and excuse myself from what I fear is about to become a less than stellar conversation.

"Oh, dear God," she says quietly. "Look who's back."

I glance up at her and she's staring at someone behind me in the other checkout line.

No, let me correct that. She's salivating over someone behind me in the checkout line.

"Hey, Holder," she says seductively toward him, flashing her full-lipped smile.

Did she just bat her eyelashes? Yep. I'm pretty sure she just batted her eyelashes. I honestly thought they only did that in cartoons.

I glance back to see who this Holder character is that has somehow managed to wash away any semblance of self-respect Shayna/Shayla might have had. The guy looks up at her and nods an acknowledgement, seemingly uninterested.

"Hey...." He squints his eyes at her nametag. "Shayla." He turns his attention back to his cashier.

Is he ignoring her? One of the prettiest girls in school practically gives him an open invitation and he acts like it's an inconvenience? Is he even human? This isn't how the guys I know are supposed to react.

She huffs. "It's Shayna," she says, annoyed that he didn't know her name. I turn back toward Shayna and swipe my credit card through the machine.

"Sorry," he says to her. "But you do realize your nametag says Shayla, right?"

She looks down at her chest and flips her nametag up so she can read it. "Huh," she says, narrowing her eyebrows as if she's deep in thought. I doubt it's that deep, though.

"When did you get back?" she asks Holder, ignoring me completely. I just swiped my card and I'm almost positive she should be doing something on her end, but she's too busy planning her wedding with this guy to remember she has a customer.

"Last week." His response is curt.

"So are they gonna let you come back to school?" she asks.

I can hear him sigh from where I'm standing.

"Doesn't matter," he says flatly. "Not going back."

This last statement of his immediately gives Shayna/Shayla cold feet. She rolls her eyes and turns her attention back to me. "It's a shame when a body like that doesn't come with any brains," she whispers.

The irony in her statement isn't lost on me.

When she finally starts punching numbers on the register to complete the transaction, I use her distraction as an opportunity to glance behind me again. I'm curious to get another look at the guy who seemed to be irritated by the leggy blonde. He's looking down into his wallet, laughing at something his cashier said. As soon as I lay eyes on him, I immediately notice three things:

1) His amazingly perfect white teeth hidden behind that seductively crooked grin.

2) The dimples that form in the crevices between the corners of his lips and cheeks when he smiles.

3) I'm pretty sure I'm having a hot flash.

Or I have butterflies.

Or maybe I'm coming down with a stomach virus.

The feeling is so foreign; I'm not sure what it is. I can't say what is so different about him that would prompt my first-ever normal biological response to another person. However, I'm not sure I've ever seen anyone so incredibly like him before. He's beautiful. Not beautiful in the pretty-boy sense. Or even in the tough-guy sense. Just a perfect mixture of in-between. Not too big, but not at all small. Not too rough, not too perfect. He's wearing jeans and a white t-shirt, nothing special. His hair doesn't look like it's even been brushed today and could probably use a good trim, just like mine. It's just long enough in the front that he has to move it out of his eyes when he looks up and catches me full on staring.

Shit.

I would normally pull my gaze away as soon as direct eye contact is made, but there's something odd about the way he reacts when he looks at me that keeps my focus glued to his. His smile immediately fades and he cocks his head. An inquisitive look enters his eyes and he slowly shakes his head, either in disbelief or...disgust? I can't put my finger on it, but it's certainly not a pleasant reaction. I glance around, hoping I'm not the recipient of his displeasure. When I turn back to look at him, he's still staring.

At me.

I'm disturbed, to say the least, so I quickly turn around and face Shayla again. Or Shayna. Whatever the hell her name is. I need to regain my bearings. Somehow, in the course of sixty seconds, this guy has managed to swoon me, then terrify the hell out of me. The mixed reaction is not good for my caffeine-deprived body. I'd much rather he regard me with the same indifference he held toward Shayna/Shayla, than to look at me like that again. I grab my receipt from what's-her-face and slip it into my pocket.

"Hey." His voice is deep and demanding and immediately causes my breathing to halt. I don't know if he's referring to what's-her-face or me, so I slip my hands through the handles of the grocery sacks, hoping to make it to my car before he finishes checking out.

"I think he's talking to you," she says. I grab the last of the sacks and ignore her, walking as fast as I can toward the exit.

Once I reach my car, I let out a huge breath as I open the back door to put the groceries inside. What the hell is wrong with me? A good-looking guy tries to get my attention and I run? I'm not uncomfortable around guys. I'm confident to a fault, even. The one time in my life I might actually feel what could possibly be an attraction for someone, and I run.

Six is going to kill me.

But that look. There was something so disturbing about the way he looked at me. It was uncomfortable, embarrassing, and somehow flattering all at once. I'm not used to having these sorts of reactions at all, much less more than one at a time.

"Hey."

I freeze. His voice is without a doubt directed at me now.

I still can't distinguish between butterflies or a stomach virus, but either way I'm not fond of the way that voice penetrates right to the pit of my stomach. I stiffen and slowly turn around, all of a sudden aware that I'm nowhere near as confident as my past would lead me to believe.

He's holding two sacks down at his side with one hand while he rubs the back of his neck with his other hand. I'm really wishing the weather were still shitty and rainy so he wouldn't be standing here right now. He rests his eyes on mine and the look of contempt from inside the store is now replaced with a crooked grin that seems a bit forced in our current predicament. Now that I have a closer look at him, it's apparent the stomach virus isn't the root of the sudden stomach issues at all.

It's simply him.

Everything about him, from his tousled dark hair, to his stark blue eyes, to that...dimple, to his thick arms that I just want to reach out and touch.

Touch? Really, Sky? Get ahold of yourself!

Everything about him causes my lungs to fail and my heart to go into overdrive. I have a feeling if he smiles at me like Grayson tries to smile at me, my panties would be on the ground in record time.

As soon as my eyes leave his physique long enough for us to make eye contact again, he releases the tight grip he has on his neck and switches the sack to his left hand.

"I'm Holder," he says, extending his hand out to me.

I look down at his hand, then take a step back without shaking it. This whole situation is entirely too awkward for me to trust him with this innocent introduction. Maybe if he wouldn't have pierced me with his intense glare in the store, I would be more susceptible to his physical perfection.

"What do you want?" I'm careful to look at him with suspicion rather than awe.

His dimple reappears with his hasty laugh and he shakes his head, then looks away again. "Um," he says with a nervous stutter that doesn't match his confident persona in the least. His eyes dart around the parking lot like he's looking for an escape, and he sighs before locking eyes with me again. His multitude of reactions confuses the hell out of me. He seems close to disgusted by my presence one minute, to practically running me down the next. I'm usually pretty good at reading people, but if I had to make an assumption about Holder based on the last two minutes alone, I'd have to say he suffers from split-personality disorder. His sudden shifts between flippant and intense are unnerving.

"This might sound lame," he says. "But you look really familiar. Do you mind if I ask what your name is?"

Disappointment sets in as soon as the pick-up line escapes his lips. He's one of those guys. You know. The incredibly gorgeous guys who can have anyone, anytime, anywhere and they know it? The guys that, all they have to do is flash a crooked smile or a dimple and ask a girl her name and she melts until she's on her knees in front of him? The guys that spend their Saturday nights climbing through windows?

I'm highly disappointed. I roll my eyes and reach behind me, pulling on the door handle to my car. "I've got a boyfriend," I lie. I spin around and open the door, then climb inside. When I reach to pull the door shut, I'm met with resistance when it refuses to budge. I look up to see his hand grasping the top of the car door, holding it open. There's a hard desperation in his eyes that sends chills down my arms.

He looks at me and I get chills? Who the hell am I?

"Your name. That's all I want."

I debate on whether or not I should explain to him that my name isn't going to help him in his stalking endeavors. I'm more than likely the only seventeen-year-old left in America without an online presence. With my grip still on the door handle, I discharge a warning shot with my glare. "Do you mind?" I say sharply, my eyes darting to the hand that's preventing me from shutting my door. My eyes trail from his hand to the tattoo written in small script across his forearm.

I can't help but laugh internally. I am obviously the target of Karma's retaliation today. I'm finally introduced to the one guy that I find attractive, and he's a high school dropout with the word hopeless tattooed on himself.

Now I'm irritated. I pull on the door one more time, but he doesn't budge.

"Your name. Please."

The desperate look in his eyes when he says please prompts a surprisingly sympathetic reaction from me, way out of left field.

"Sky," I say abruptly, suddenly feeling compassion for the pain that is clearly masked behind those blue eyes of his. The ease at which I give in to his request based off of one look leaves me disappointed in myself. I let go of the door and crank my car.

"Sky," he repeats to himself. He ponders this for a second, then shakes his head like I got the answer to his question wrong. "Are you sure?" He cocks his head at me.

Am I sure? Does he think I'm Shayna/Shayla and don't even know my own name? I roll my eyes and shift in my seat, pulling my ID from my pocket. I hold it up to his face.

"Pretty sure I know my own name." I begin to pull the ID back when he releases my door and grabs the ID out of my hand, bringing it in closer for inspection. He eyes it for a few seconds, then flicks it over in his fingers and hands it back to me.

"Sorry." He takes a step away from my car. "My mistake."

His expression is glossed over with hardness now and he watches me as I put my ID back into my pocket. I stare at him for a second, waiting for something more, but he just works his jaw back and forth while I put my seatbelt on.

He's giving up on asking me out that easily? Seriously? I put my fingers on the door handle, expecting him to hold the door open again in order to spit out another lame pickup line. When that doesn't happen and he steps back even further as I shut my door, eeriness consumes me. If he really didn't follow me out here to ask me out, what the hell was this all about?

He runs his hand through his hair and mutters to himself, but I can't hear what he says through the closed window. I throw the car in reverse and keep my eyes on him as I back out of the parking lot. He remains motionless, staring at me the entire time I pull away. When I'm heading in the opposite direction, I adjust the rearview mirror to get a last glance at him before exiting the parking lot. I watch as he turns to walk away, smashing his fist into the hood of a car.

Good call, Sky. He's got a temper.

Monday, August 27th, 2012 4:47 p.m.

After the groceries are put away, I grab a handful of chocolate from my stash and shove it in my pocket, then crawl out my window. I push Six's window up and pull myself in. It's almost four o'clock in the afternoon and she's asleep, so I tiptoe to her side of the bed and kneel down. She's got her facemask on and her dirty blond hair is matted to her cheek, thanks to the amount of drool she produces while she sleeps. I inch in as close as I can to her face and scream her name.

"SIX! WAKE UP!"

She jerks herself up with such force that I don't have time to move out of her way. Her flailing elbow crashes into my eye and I fall back. I immediately cover my throbbing eye with my hand and sprawl out on the floor of her bedroom. I look up at her out of my good eye, and she's sitting up in the bed holding onto her head, scowling at me. "You're such a bitch," she groans. She throws her covers off and gets out of bed, then heads straight for the bathroom.

"I think you gave me a black eye," I moan.

She leaves the bathroom door open and sits down on the toilet. "Good. You deserve it." She grabs the toilet paper and kicks the bathroom door shut with her foot. "You better have something good to tell me for waking me up. I was up all night packing."

Six has never been a morning person, and from the looks of it, she's not an afternoon person, either. In all honesty, she's also not a night person. If I had to guess when her most pleasant time of day occurs, it's probably while she sleeps, which may be why she hates to wake up so much.

Six's sense of humor and straightforward personality are huge factors in why we get along so well. Peppy, fake girls annoy the hell out of me. I don't know that pep is even in Six's vocabulary. She's one black wardrobe away from being your typical, broody teenager. And fake? She's as straight shooting as they come, whether you want her to be or not. There isn't a fake thing about Six, other than her name.

When she was fourteen and her parents told her they were moving to Texas from Maine, she rebelled by refusing to respond to her name. Her real name is Seven Marie, so she would only answer to Six just to spite her parents for making her move. They still call her Seven, but everyone else calls her Six. Just goes to show she's as stubborn as I am, which is one of the many reasons we're best friends.

"I think you'll be happy I woke you up." I pull myself up from the floor and onto her bed. "Something monumental happened today."

Six opens the bathroom door and walks back to her bed. She lies down next to me and pulls the covers up over her head. She rolls away from me, fluffing her pillow with her hand until she gets comfortable. "Let me guess...Karen got cable?"

I roll onto my side and scoot closer to her, wrapping my arm around her. I put my head on her pillow and spoon her. "Guess again."

"You met someone at school today and now you're pregnant and getting married and I can't be a bridesmaid at your wedding because I'll be all the way across the damn world?"

"Close, but nope." I drum my fingers on her shoulder.

"Then what?" she says, irritated.

I roll over onto my back and let out a deep sigh. "I saw a guy at the store after school, and holy shit, Six. He was beautiful. Scary, but beautiful."

Six immediately rolls over, managing to send an elbow straight into the same eye that she assaulted a few minutes ago. "What?!" she says loudly, ignoring the fact that I'm holding my eye and groaning again. She sits up on the bed and pulls my hand away from my face. "What?!" she yells again. "Seriously?"

I stay on my back and attempt to force the pain from my throbbing eye into the back of my mind. "I know. As soon as I looked at him it was like my entire body just melted to the floor. He was...wow."

"Did you talk to him? Did you get his number? Did he ask you out?"

I've never seen Six so animated before. She's being a little too giddy, and I'm not sure that I like it.

"Jesus, Six. Simmer down."

She looks down at me and frowns. "Sky, I've been worried about you for four years, thinking this would never happen. I would be fine if you were gay. I would be fine if you only liked skinny, short, geeky guys. I would even be fine if you were only attracted to really old, wrinkly men with even wrinklier penises. What I haven't been fine with is the thought of you never being able to experience lust." She falls back onto the bed, smiling. "Lust is the best of all the deadly sins."

I laugh and shake my head. "I beg to differ. Lust sucks. I think you've played it up all these years. My vote is still with gluttony." With that, I pull a piece of chocolate out of my pocket and pop it into my mouth.

"I need details," she says.

I scoot up on the bed until my back meets the headboard. "I don't know how to describe it. When I looked at him, I never wanted to stop. I could have stared at him all day. But then when he looked back at me, it freaked me out. He looked at me like he was pissed off that I even noticed him. Then when he followed me to my car and demanded to know my name, it was like he was mad at me for it. Like I was inconveniencing him. I went from wanting to lick his dimples to wanting to get the hell away from him."

"He followed you? To your car?" she asks skeptically. I nod and give her every last detail of my trip to the grocery store, all the way up to the point where he smashed his fist into the car next to him.

"God, that's so bizarre," she says when I finish. She sits up and mirrors my position against her headboard. "Are you sure he wasn't flirting with you? Trying to get your number? I mean, I've seen you with guys, Sky. You put on a good act, even if you don't feel it with them. I know you know how to read guys, but I think maybe the fact that you were actually attracted to him might have muddied your intuition. You think?"

I shrug. She could be right. Maybe I just read him wrong and my own negative reaction prompted him to change his mind about asking me out. "Could be. But whatever it was, it was ruined just as fast. He's a dropout, he's moody, he's got a temper and...he's just...he's hopeless. I don't know what my type is, but I know I don't want it to be Holder."

Six grabs my cheeks, squeezing them together, and turns my face to hers. "Did you just say Holder?" she asks, her exquisitely groomed eyebrow arched in curiosity.

My lips are squished together due to her hold on my cheeks, so I just nod rather than give her a verbal response.

"Dean Holder? Messy brown hair? Smoldering blue eyes? A temper straight out of Fight Club?"

I shrug. "Dowds sike dim," I say, my words barely audible thanks to the grip she still has on my face. She releases her hold and I repeat what I said. "Sounds like him." I bring my hand to my face and massage my cheeks. "You know him?"

She stands up and throws her hands up in the air. "Why Sky? Of all the guys you could be attracted to, why the hell is it Dean Holder?"

She seems disappointed. Why does she seem so disappointed? I've never heard her mention Holder before, so it's not like she's ever dated him. Why the hell does it seem that this just went from sort of exciting...to very, very bad?

"I need details," I say.

She rolls her head and swings her legs off the bed. She walks to her closet and grabs a pair of jeans out of a box, then pulls them up over her underwear. "He's a jerk, Sky. He used to go to our school but he got sent to juvi right after school started last year. I don't know him that well, but I know enough about him to know he's not boyfriend material."

Her description of Holder doesn't surprise me. I wish I could say it didn't disappoint me, but I can't.

"Since when is anyone boyfriend material?" I don't think Six has ever had a boyfriend for more than one night in her life.

She looks at me, then shrugs. "Touche." She pulls a shirt on over her head and walks to her bathroom sink. She picks up a toothbrush and squeezes toothpaste onto it, then walks back into the bedroom brushing her teeth.

"Why was he sent to juvi?" I ask, not sure if I really want to know the answer.

Six pulls the toothbrush from her mouth. "They got him for a hate crime...beat up some g*y kid from school. Pretty sure it was a strike three kind of thing." She puts the toothbrush back into her mouth and walks to the sink to spit.

A hate crime? Really? My stomach does a flip, but not in the good way this time.

Six walks back into the bedroom after pulling her hair into a ponytail. "This sucks," she says, perusing through her jewelry. "What if this is the one time you get horny for a guy and you never feel it again?"

Her choice of words makes me grimace. "I wasn't horny for him, Six."

She waves her hand in the air. "Horny. Attracted. It's all the same," she says flippantly, walking back to the bed. She places an earring in her lap and brings the other one up to her ear. "I guess we should be relieved to know that you aren't completely broken." Six narrows her eyes and leans over me. She pinches my chin, turning my face to the left. "What in the hell happened to your eye?"

I laugh and roll off the bed, out of harm's way. "You happened." I make my way toward the window. "I need to clear my head. I'm gonna go for a run. Wanna come?"

Six crinkles up her nose. "Yeah...no. You have fun with that."

I have one leg over the windowsill when she calls back to me. "I want to know all about your first day at school later. And I have a present for you. I'm coming over tonight."

Monday, August 27th, 2012 5:25 p.m.

My lungs are aching; my body went numb way back at Aspen Road. My breath has moved from controlled inhaling and exhaling to uncontrolled gasps and spurts. This is the point at which I usually love running the most. When every single ounce of my body is poured into propelling me forward, leaving me committedly focused on my next step and nothing else.

My next step.

Nothing else.

I've never run this far before. I usually stop when I know I hit my mile and a half mark a few blocks backs, but I didn't this time. Despite the familiar despair that my body is currently in, I still can't seem to shut my mind off. I keep running in hopes that I'll get to that point, but it's taking a lot longer than usual. The only thing that makes me decide to stop going is the fact that I still have to cover as much tread going home, and I'm almost out of water.

I stop at the edge of a driveway and lean against the mailbox, opening the lid to my water bottle. I wipe the sweat off my forehead with the back of my arm and bring the bottle to my lips, managing to get about four drops into my mouth before it runs dry. I've already downed an entire bottle of water in this Texas heat. I silently scold myself for deciding to skip my run this morning. I'm a wuss in the heat.

Fearing for my hydration, I decide to walk the rest of the way back, rather than run. I don't think pushing myself to the point of physical exertion would make Karen too happy. She gets nervous enough that I run by myself as it is.

I begin walking when I hear a familiar voice speak up from behind me.

"Hey, you."

As if my heart wasn't already beating fast enough, I slowly turn around and see Holder staring down at me, smiling, his dimples breaking out in the corners of his mouth. His hair is wet from sweat and it's obvious he's been running, too.

I blink twice, half believing this is a mirage brought on by my exhaustion. My instinct is telling me to run and scream, but my body wants to wrap itself around his glistening, sweaty arms.

My body is a damn traitor.

Luckily, I haven't recovered from the stretch I just completed, so he won't be able to tell that my erratic breathing pattern is mostly from just seeing him again.

"Hey," I say back, breathless. I do my best to keep looking at his face but I can't seem to stop my eyes from dripping below his neck. Instead, I just look down at my feet in order to avoid the fact that he isn't wearing anything but shorts and running shoes. The way his shorts are hanging off of his h*ps is reason enough for me to forgive every single negative thing I've learned about him today.

"You run?" he asks, leaning his elbow on the mailbox.

I nod. "Usually in the mornings. I forgot how hot it is in the afternoons." I attempt to look back up at him, lifting my hand over my eyes to shield the sun that's glowing over his head like a halo.

How ironic.

He reaches out and I flinch before I realize he's just handing me his bottle of water. The way his lips purse together in an attempt not to smile makes it obvious he can see how nervous I am around him.

"Drink this." He nudges the half empty bottle at me. "You look exhausted."

Normally I wouldn't take water from strangers. I would especially not take water from people I know are bad news, but I'm thirsty. So damn thirsty.

I grab the bottle out of his hands and tilt my head back, downing three huge gulps. I'm dying to drink the rest, but I can't deplete his supply, too. "Thanks," I say, handing it back to him. I wipe my hand over my mouth and look behind me at the sidewalk. "Well, I've got another mile and a half return, so I better get started."

"Closer to two and a half," he says, cutting his eyes to my stomach. He presses his lips to the bottle without wiping the rim off, keeping his eyes trained on me while he tilts his head back and gulps the rest of the water. I can't help but watch his lips as they cover the opening of the bottle that my lips were just touching. We're practically kissing.

I shake my head. "Huh?" I'm not sure if he said something out loud or not. I'm a little preoccupied watching the sweat drip down his chest.

"I said it's more like two and a half. You live over on Conroe, that's over two miles away. That's almost a five mile run round trip." He says it like he's impressed.

I eye him curiously. "You know what street I live on?"

"Yeah."

He doesn't elaborate. I keep my gaze fixed on his and remain silent, waiting for some sort of explanation.

He can see I'm not satisfied with his "yeah," so he sighs. "Linden Sky Davis, born September 29th. 1455 Conroe Street. Five feet three inches. Donor."

I take a step back, suddenly seeing my near-future murder played out in front of my eyes at the hands of my dreamy stalker. I wonder if I should stop shielding my vision from the sun so I can get a better look at him in case I get away? I might need to recount his features to the sketch artist.

"Your ID," he explains when he sees the mixture of terror and confusion on my face. "You showed me your ID earlier. At the store."

Somehow, that explanation doesn't ease my apprehension. "You looked at it for two seconds."

He shrugs. "I have a good memory."

"You stalk," I deadpan.

He laughs. "I stalk? You're the one standing in front of my house." He points over his shoulder at the house behind him.

His house? What the hell are the chances?

He straightens up and taps his fingers against the letters on the front of the mailbox.

The Holders.

I can feel the blood rushing to my cheeks, but it doesn't matter. After a middle of the afternoon run in the Texas heat and a limited supply of water, I'm sure my entire body is flush. I try not to glance back at his house, but curiousity is my weakness. It's a modest house, not too flashy. It fits in well with the mid-income neighborhood we're in. As does the car that's in his driveway. I wonder if that's his car? I can deduct from his conversation with whats-her-face from the grocery store that he's my age, so I know he must live with his parents. But how have I not seen him before? How could I not know I lived less than three miles from the only boy in existence who can turn me into a ball of frustrated hot-flashes?

I clear my throat. "Well, thanks for the water." I can think of nothing I want more than to escape this awkwardness. I give him a quick wave and break into a stride.

"Wait a sec," he yells from behind me. I don't slow down, so he passes me and turns around, jogging backward against the sun. "Let me refill your water." He reaches over and grabs my water bottle out of my left hand, brushing his hand against my stomach in the process. I freeze again.

"I'll be right back," he says, running off toward his house.

I'm stumped. That is a completely contradictory act of kindness. Another side effect of the split personality disorder, maybe? He's probably a mutation, like The Hulk. Or Jekyll and Hyde. I wonder if Dean is his nice persona and Holder is his scary one. Holder is definitely the one I saw at the grocery store earlier. I think I like Dean a lot better.

I feel awkward waiting, so I walk back toward his driveway, pausing every few seconds to look at the path that leads back to my home. I have no idea what to do. It feels like any decision I make at this point will be one for the dumb side of the scale.

Should I stay?

Should I run?

Should I hide in the bushes before he comes back outside with handcuffs and a knife?

Before I have a chance to run, his front door swings open and he comes back outside with a full bottle of water. This time the sun is behind me, so I don't have to struggle so hard to see him. That's not a good thing, either, since all I want to do is stare at him.

Ugh! I absolutely hate lust.

Hate. It.

Every fiber of my being knows he's not a good person, yet my body doesn't seem to give a shit at all.

He hands me the bottle and I quickly down another drink. I hate Texas heat as it is, but coupled with Dean Holder, it feels like I'm standing in the pits of Hell.

"So...earlier? At the store?" he says with a nervous pause. "If I made you uneasy, I'm sorry."

My lungs are begging me for air, but I somehow find a way to reply. "You didn't make me uneasy."

You sort of creeped me out.

Holder narrows his eyes at me for a few seconds, studying me. I've discovered today that I don't like being studied...I like going unnoticed. "I wasn't trying to hit on you, either," he says. "I just thought you were someone else."

"It's fine." I force a smile, but it's not fine. Why am I suddenly consumed with disappointment that he wasn't trying to hit on me? I should be happy.

"Not that I wouldn't hit on you," he adds with a grin. "I just wasn't doing it at that particular moment."

Oh, thank you, Jesus. His clarification makes me smile, despite all my efforts not to.

"Want me to run with you?" he asks, nudging his head toward the sidewalk behind me.

Yes, please.

"No, it's fine."

He nods. "Well, I was going that way anyway. I run twice a day and I've still got a couple..." He stops speaking mid sentence and takes a quick step toward me. He grabs my chin and tilts my head back. "Who did this to you?" The same hardness I saw in his eyes at the grocery store returns behind his scowl. "Your eye wasn't like this earlier."

I pull my chin away and laugh it off. "It was an accident. Never interrupt a teenage girl's nap."

He doesn't smile. Instead, he takes a step closer and gives me a hard look, then brushes his thumb underneath my eye. "You would tell someone, right? If someone did this to you?"

I want to respond. Really, I do. I just can't. He's touching my face. His hand is on my cheek. I can't think, I can't speak, I can't breathe. The intensity that exudes from his whole existence sucks the air out of my lungs and the strength out of my knees. I nod unconvincingly and he frowns, then pulls his hand away.

"I'm running with you," he says, without question. He places his hands on my shoulders and turns me in the opposite direction, giving me a slight shove. He falls into stride next to me and we run in silence.

I want to talk to him. I want to ask him about his year in juvi, why he dropped out of school, why he has that tattoo...but I'm too scared to find out the answers. Not to mention I'm completely out of breath. So instead, we run in complete silence the entire way back to my house.

When we close in on my driveway, we both slow down to a walk. I have no idea how to end this. No one ever runs with me, so I'm not sure what the etiquette is when two runners part ways. I turn and give him a quick wave. "I guess I'll see you later?"

"Absolutely," he says, staring right at me.

I smile at him uncomfortably and turn away. Absolutely? I flip this word over in my mind as I head back up the driveway. What does he mean by that? He didn't try to get my number, despite not knowing I don't have one. He didn't ask if I wanted to run with him again. But he said absolutely like he was certain; and I sort of hope he is.

"Sky, wait." The way his voice wraps around my name makes me wish the only word in his entire vocabulary was Sky. I spin around and pray he's about to come up with another cheesy pick-up line. I would totally fall for it now.

"Do me a favor?"

Anything. I'll do anything you ask me to, so long as you're shirtless.

"Yeah?"

He tosses me his bottle of water. I catch it and look down at the empty bottle, feeling guilty that I didn't think to offer him a refill myself. I shake it in the air and nod, then jog up the steps and into the house. Karen is loading the dishwasher when I run into the kitchen. As soon as the front door closes behind me, I gasp for the air my lungs have been begging for.

"My God, Sky. You look like you're about to pass out. Sit down." She takes the bottle from my hands and forces me into a chair. I let her refill it while I breathe in through my nose and out my mouth. She turns around and hands it to me and I put the lid on it, then stand up and run it back outside to him.

"Thanks," he says. I stand and watch as he presses those same full lips to the opening of the water bottle.

We're practically kissing again.

I can't distinguish between the affect my near five-mile run has had on me and the affect Holder is having on me. Both of them make me feel like I'm about to pass out from lack of oxygen. Holder closes the lid on his water bottle and his eyes roam over my body, pausing at my bare midriff for a beat too long before he reaches my eyes. "Do you run track?"

I cover my stomach with my left arm and clasp my hands at my waist. "No. I'm thinking about trying out, though."

"You should. You're barely out of breath and you just ran close to five miles," he says. "Are you a senior?"

He has no idea how much effort it's taking on my behalf not to fall onto the pavement and wheeze from lack of air. I've never ran this far in one shot before, and it's taking everything I have to come across like it's not a big deal. Apparently it's working.

"Shouldn't you already know if I'm a senior? You're slacking on your stalking skills."

When his dimples make a reappearance, I want to high-five myself.

"Well, you make it sort of difficult to stalk you," he says. "I couldn't even find you on Facebook."

He just admitted to looking me up on Facebook. I met him less than two hours ago, so the fact that he went straight home and looked me up on Facebook is a little bit flattering. An involuntary smile breaks out on my face, and I want to punch this pathetic excuse for a girl that has taken over my normally indifferent self.

"I'm not on Facebook. I don't have internet access," I explain.

He cuts his eyes to me and smirks like he doesn't believe a thing I'm saying. He pushes the hair back from his forehead. "What about your phone? You can't get internet on your phone?"

"No phone. My mother isn't a fan of modern technology. No TV, either."

"Shit," he laughs. "You're serious? What do you do for fun?"

I smile back at him and shrug. "I run."

Holder studies me again, dropping his attention briefly to my stomach. I'll think twice from now on before I decide to wear a sports bra outside.

"Well in that case, you wouldn't happen to know what time a certain someone gets up for her morning runs, would you?" He looks back up at me and I don't see the person Six described to me in him at all. The only thing I see is a guy, flirting with a girl, with a semi-nervous, endearing gleam in his eye.

"I don't know if you'd want to get up that early," I say. The way he's looking at me coupled with the Texas heat is suddenly causing my vision to blur, so I inhale a deep breath, wanting to appear anything but exhausted and flustered right now.

He tilts his head toward mine and narrows his eyes. "You have no idea how bad I want to get up that early." He flashes me his dimple-laden grin, and I faint.

No...literally. I fainted.

And based on the ache in my shoulder and the dirt and gravel embedded in my cheek, it wasn't a beautiful, graceful fall. I blacked out and smacked the pavement before he even had a chance to catch me. So unlike the heroes in the books.

I'm flat on the couch, presumably where he laid me after carrying me inside. Karen is standing over me with a glass of water and Holder is behind her, watching the aftermath of the most embarrassing moment of my life.

"Sky, drink some water," Karen says, lifting the back of my neck, pressing me toward the cup. I take a sip, then lean back on the pillow and close my eyes, hoping more than anything that I black out again.

"I'll get you a cold rag," Karen says. I open my eyes, hoping Holder decided to sneak out once Karen left the room, but he's still here. And he's closer now. He kneels down on the floor beside me and reaches his hand to my hair, pulling out what I assume is either dirt or gravel.

"You sure you're okay? That was a pretty nasty fall." His eyes are full of concern and he wipes something from my cheek with his thumb, then rests his hand on the couch beside me.

"Oh, God," I say, covering my eyes with my arm. "I'm so sorry. This is so embarrassing."

Holder grabs my wrist and pulls my arm away from my face. "Shh." The concern in his eyes eases and a playful grin takes over his features. "I'm sort of enjoying it."

Karen makes her way back into the living room. "Here's you a rag, sweetie. Do you want something for the pain? Are you nauseous?" Rather than hand the rag to me, she hands it to Holder and walks back to the kitchen. "I might have some Calendula or Burdock root."

Great. If I wasn't already embarrassed enough, she's about to make it even worse by forcing me to down her homemade tinctures right in front of him.

"I'm fine, Mom. Nothing hurts."

Holder gently places the rag on my cheek and wipes at it. "You might not be sore now, but you will be," he says, too quiet for Karen to hear him. He looks away from examining my cheek and locks eyes with me. "You should take something, just in case."

I don't know why the suggestion sounds more appealing coming out of his mouth than Karen's, but I nod. And gulp. And hold my breath. And squeeze my thighs together. And attempt to sit up, because me lying on the couch with him hovering over me is about to make me faint again.

When he sees my effort to sit up, he takes my elbow and assists me. Karen walks back into the living room and hands me a small glass of orange juice. Her tinctures are so bitter, I have to down them with juice in order to avoid spitting it back out. I take it from her hand and down it faster than I've ever downed one before, then immediately hand her back the glass. I just want her to go back to the kitchen.

"I'm sorry," she says, extending her hand to Holder. "I'm Karen Davis."

Holder stands up and shakes her hand in return. "Dean Holder. My friends call me Holder."

I'm jealous she's getting to touch his hand. I want to take a number and get in line. "

Sky know each other?" she asks.

He looks down at me at the same time I look up at him. His lip barely curls up in a smile, but I notice. "We don't, actually," he says, looking back at her. "Just in the right place at the right time, I guess."

"Well, thank you for helping her. I don't know why she fainted. She's never fainted." She looks down at me. "Did you eat anything today?"

"A bite of chicken for lunch," I say, not admitting to the Snickers I had before my run. "Cafeteria food sucks ass."

She rolls her eyes and throws her hands up in the air. "Why were you running without eating first?"

I shrug. "I forgot. I don't usually run in the evenings."

She walks back to the kitchen with the glass and sighs heavily. "I don't want you running anymore, Sky. What would have happened if you would have been by yourself? You run too much, anyway."

She's got to be kidding me. There is no way I can stop running.

"Listen," Holder says, watching as the rest of the color drains from my face. He looks back toward the kitchen at Karen. "I live right over on Ricker and I run by here every day on my afternoon runs." (He's lying. I would have noticed.) "If you'd feel more comfortable, I'd be happy to run with her for the next week or so in the mornings. I usually run the track at school, but it's not a big deal. You know, just to make sure this doesn't happen again."

Ah. Light bulb. No wonder those abs looked familiar.

Karen walks back to the living room and looks at me, then back at him. She knows how much I enjoy my solitary running breaks, but I can see in her eyes that she would feel more comfortable if I had a running partner.

"I'm okay with that," she says, looking back at me. "If Sky thinks it's a good idea."

Yes. Yes, I do. But only if my new running partner is shirtless.

"It's fine." I stand up, and when I do, I get light headed again. I guess my face goes pale, because Holder has his hand on my shoulder in less than a second, lowering me back to the couch. "Easy," he says. He looks up at Karen. "Do you have any crackers she can eat? That might help."

Karen walks away to the kitchen and Holder looks back down at me, his eyes full of concern again. "You sure you're okay?" He brushes his thumb across my cheek.

I shiver.

A devilish grin creeps across his face when he sees me attempt to cover the chill bumps on my arms. He glances behind me at Karen in the kitchen, then refocuses his gaze to mine.

"What time should I come stalk you tomorrow?" he whispers.

"Six-thirty?" I breathe, looking up at him helplessly.

"Six-thirty sounds good."

"Holder, you don't have to do this."

His hypnotizing blue eyes study my face for several quiet seconds and I can't help but stare at his equally hypnotizing mouth while he speaks. "I know I don't have to do this, Sky. I do what I want." He leans in toward my ear and lowers his voice to a whisper. "And I want to run with you." He pulls back and studies me. Due to all the chaos parading through my head and stomach, I fail to muster a reply.

Karen is back with the crackers. "Eat," she says, placing them in my hand.

Holder stands up and says goodbye to Karen, then turns back to me. "Take care of yourself. I'll see you in the morning?"

I nod and watch him as he turns to leave. I can't tear my eyes away from the front door after it shuts behind him. I'm losing it. I've completely lost any form of self-control. So this is what Six loves? This is lust?

I hate it. I absolutely, positively hate this beautiful, magical feeling.

"He was so nice," Karen says. "And handsome." She turns to face me. "You don't know him?"

I shrug. "I know of him," I say. And that's all I say. If she only knew what kind of hopeless boy she just assigned as my "running partner," she'd have a conniption. The less she knows about Dean Holder, the better it'll be for both of us.

Monday, August 27th, 2012 7:10 p.m.

"What the hell happened to your face?" Jack drops my chin and walks past me to the refrigerator.

Jack has been a fixture in Karen's life for about a year and a half now. He has dinner with us a few nights a week, and since tonight is Six's going away dinner, he's gracing us with his presence. As much as he likes to give Six a hard time, I know he'll miss her, too.

"I kicked the road's ass today," I reply.

He laughs. "So that's what happened to the road."

Six grabs a slice of bread and opens a jar of Nutella. I grab my plate and fill it with Karen's latest vegan concoction. Karen's cooking is an acquired taste, one that Six still hasn't acquired after four years. Jack, on the other hand, is Karen's twin incarnate, so he doesn't mind the cooking. Tonight's menu consists of something I can't even pronounce, but it's completely animal-product free, like it always is. Karen doesn't force me to eat vegan, so unless I'm home, I usually eat what I want.

Everything Six eats is only eaten to compliment her main course of Nutella. Tonight, she's having a cheese and Nutella sandwich. I don't know if I could ever acquire a taste for that.

"So, when are you moving in?" I ask Jack. He and Karen have been discussing the next step, but they can never seem to get past the hump of her strict anti-technology rule. Well, Jack can't get past it. It's not a hump that will ever be scaled by Karen.

"Whenever your mom caves and gets ESPN," Jack says.

They don't argue about it. I think their arrangement is fine with both of them, so neither of them is in a hurry to sacrifice their opposing views on modern technology.

"Sky passed out in the road today," Karen says, changing the subject. "Some adorable man-boy carried her inside."

I laugh. "Guy, Mom. Please just say guy."

Six glares at me from across the table and it occurs to me that I haven't filled her in on my afternoon run. I also haven't filled her in on my first day of school. It's been an active day today. I wonder who I'm going to fill in after she leaves tomorrow? Just the thought of her being on the other side of the world in two days fills me with dread. I hope Breckin can fill her shoes. Well, he would probably love to fill her shoes. Literally. But I'm hoping he does so in the figurative sense.

"You okay?" Jack asks. "It must have been a pretty good fall to get that shiner."

I reach up to my eye and grimace. I'd completely forgotten about the black eye. "That's not from fainting. Six elbowed me. Twice."

I expect one of them to at least ask Six why she attacked me, but they don't. This just goes to show how much they love her. They wouldn't even care if she beat me up, they'd tell me I probably deserved it.

"Doesn't that annoy you, having a number for a name?" Jack asks her. "I never understood that. It's like when a parent names their child after one of the days of the week." He pauses with his fork mid-air and looks at Karen. "When we have a baby, we aren't doing that to them. Anything you can find on a calendar is off limits."

Karen stares at him with a stone cold expression. If I had to guess by her reaction, this is the first time Jack has mentioned babies. If I had to guess based on the look on her face, babies aren't something she's anticipating in her future. Ever.

Jack refocuses his attention back to Six. "Isn't your real name like Seven or Thirteen or something like that? I don't get why you picked Six. It's possibly the worst number you could pick."

"I'm going to accept your insults for what they are," Six says. "Just your way of burying your devastation over my impending absence."

Jack laughs. "Bury my insults wherever you want. There'll be more to come when you get back in six months."

After Jack and Six leave, I help Karen in the kitchen with the dishes. Since the second Jack brought up babies, she's been unusually quiet.

"Why did that freak you out so bad?" I ask her, handing her the plate to rinse.

"What?"

"His comment about having a baby with you. You're in your thirties. People have babies at your age all the time."

"Was it that noticeable?"

"It was to me."

She grabs another plate from me to rinse, then lets out a sigh. "I love Jack. I just love me and you, too. I like our arrangement and I don't know if I'm ready to change it, much less bring another baby into the picture. But Jack is so intent on moving forward."

I turn the water off and wipe my hands on the hand-towel. "I'll be eighteen in a few weeks, Mom. As much as you want our arrangement to stay the same...it won't. I'll be off at college after next semester and you'll be living here alone. It might not hurt to entertain the idea of at least letting him move in."

She smiles at me, but it's a pained smile just like it always is when I bring up college. "I have been entertaining the idea, Sky. Believe me. It's just a huge step that can't be undone once it's taken."

"What if it's a step you don't want undone, though? What if it's a step that just makes you want to take another step, and another step, until you're full-on sprinting?"

She laughs. "That's exactly what I'm afraid of."

I wipe off the counter and rinse the rag off in the sink. "I don't understand you, sometimes."

"And I don't understand you, either," she says, nudging my shoulder. "I'll never for the life of me understand why you wanted to go to public school so bad. I know you said it was fun, but tell me how you really feel."

I shrug. "It was good," I lie. My stubbornness wins every time. There's no way I'm telling her how much I hated school today, despite the fact that she would never say, "I told you so."

She dries her hands and smiles at me. "Happy to hear it. Now maybe when I ask you again tomorrow, you'll tell me the truth."

I grab the book Breckin gave me out of my backpack and plop down on my bed. I get through all of two pages when Six crawls through my window.

"School first, then present," she says. She scoots in on the bed next to me and I put the book down on my nightstand.

"School sucked ass. Thanks to you and your inability to just say no to guys, I've inherited your terrible reputation. But by divine intervention, I was rescued by Breckin, the adopted g*y Mormon who can't sing or act but loves to read and is my new very bestest friend ever in the whole wide world."

Six pouts. "I'm not even out the door yet and you've already replaced me? Vicious. And for the record, I don't have an inability to say no to guys. I have an inability to grasp the moral ramifications of premarital sex. Lots and lots of premarital sex."

She places a box in my lap. An unwrapped box.

"I know what you're thinking," she says. "And you should know by now that my lack of wrapping doesn't reflect how I feel about you. I'm just lazy."

I pick the box up and shake it. "You're the one leaving, you know. I should be the one getting you a gift."

"Yes, you should be. But you suck at gift giving and I don't expect you to change on my account."

She's right. I'm a horrible gift giver, but mostly because I hate receiving gifts so much. It's almost as awkward as people crying. I turn the box and find the flap, then untuck it and open it. I pull out the tissue paper and a cell phone drops into my hand.

"Six," I say. "You know I can't..."

"Shut up. There is no way I'm going halfway across the world without a way to communicate with you. You don't even have an email address."

"I know, but I can't...I don't have a job. I can't pay for this. And Karen..."

"Relax. It's a prepaid phone. I put just enough minutes on it to where we can text each other once a day while I'm gone. I can't afford international phone calls, so you're out of luck there. And just to keep with your mother's cruel, twisted parental values, there isn't even internet on the damn thing. Just texting."

She grabs the phone and turns it on, then enters her contact info. "If you end up getting a hot boyfriend while I'm away, you can always add extra minutes. But if he uses up any of mine I'm cutting his balls off."

She hands me back the phone and I press the home button. Her contact information pulls up as Your very, VERY bestest friend ever in the whole wide world.

I suck at receiving gifts and I really suck at goodbyes. I set the phone back in the box and bend over to pick my backpack up. I pull the books out and set them on the floor, then turn around and dump my backpack over her and watch all the dollar bills fall in her lap.

"There's thirty-seven dollars here," I say. "It should hold you over until you get back. Happy foreign exchange day."

She picks up a handful of dollars and throws them up in the air, then falls back on the bed. "Only one day at public school and the bitches already made your locker rain?" she laughs. "Impressive."

I lay the goodbye card on her chest that I wrote to her, then lean my head into her shoulder. "You think that's impressive? You should have seen me work the pole in the cafeteria."

She picks the card up and brushes her fingers over it, smiling. She doesn't open it because she knows I don't like it when things get uncomfortably emotional. She tucks the card back to her chest and leans her head on my shoulder.

"You're such a slut," she says quietly, attempting to hold back tears that we're both too stubborn to cry.

"So I've heard."

Tuesday, August 28th, 2012 6:15 a.m.

The alarm sounds and I instantly debate skipping today's run until I remember who's waiting for me outside. I get dressed faster than I've ever dressed since the first day I started getting dressed, then head to the window. There's a card taped to the inside of my window with the word "slut" written on it in Six's handwriting. I smile and pull the card off the window, then throw it on my bed before heading outside.

He's sitting on the curb stretching his legs. His back is to me, which is good. Otherwise he would have caught my frown as soon as I noticed he was wearing a shirt. He hears me approaching and spins around to face me.

"Hey, you." He smiles and stands up. I notice when he does, that his shirt is already soaked. He ran here. He ran over two miles here, he's about to run three more miles with me, then he'll be running over two miles home. I seriously don't understand why he's going through all this trouble. Or why I'm allowing it. "You need to stretch first?" he asks.

"Already did."

He reaches out and touches my cheek with his thumb. "Doesn't look so bad," he says. "You sore?"

I shake my head. Does he really expect me to vocalize a response when his fingers are touching my face? It's pretty hard to speak and hold your breath at the same time.

He pulls his hand back and smiles. "Good. You ready?"

I let out a breath. "Yeah."

And we run. We run side by side for a while until the path narrows, then he falls into step behind me, which makes me incredibly self-conscious. I normally lose myself when I run, but this time I'm acutely aware of every single thing, from my hair, to the length of my shorts, to each drop of sweat that trails down my back. I'm relieved once the path widens and he falls back into step beside me.

"You better try out for track." His voice is steady and it doesn't sound anything like he's already ran four miles this morning. "You've got more stamina than most of the guys from the team last year."

"I don't know if I want to," I say, unattractively breathless. "I don't really know anyone at school. I planned on trying out, but so far most of the people at school are sort of...mean. I don't really want to be subjected to them for longer periods of time under the guise of a team."

"You've only been in public school for a day. Give it time. You can't expect to be homeschooled your whole life, then walk in the first day with a ton of new friends."

I stop dead in my tracks. He takes a few more steps before he notices I'm no longer beside him. When he turns around and sees me standing still on the pavement, he rushes toward me and grabs my shoulders. "Are you okay? Are you dizzy?"

I shake my head and push his arms off my shoulders. "I'm fine," I say with a very audible amount of annoyance in my response.

He cocks his head. "Did I say something wrong?"

I start walking in the direction of my house, so he follows suit. "A little," I say, cutting my eyes toward him. "I was halfway joking about the stalking yesterday, but you admitted to looking me up on Facebook right after meeting me. Then you insist on running with me, even though it's out of your way. Now you somehow know how long I've been in public school? And that I was homeschooled? I'm not gonna lie, it's a little unnerving."

I wait for the explanation, but instead he just narrows his eyes and watches me. We're both still walking forward, but he just silently watches me until we round the next corner. When he does finally speak, his words are preempted with a heavy sigh. "I asked around," he finally says. "I've lived here since I was ten, so I have a lot of friends. I was curious about you."

I eye him for a few steps, then drop my gaze down to the sidewalk. I suddenly can't look at him, wondering what else his "friends" have told him about me. I know the rumors have been going around since Six and I became best friends, but this is the first time I've ever felt remotely defensive or embarrassed by them. The fact that he's going out of his way to run with me can only mean one thing. He's heard the rumors, and he's probably hoping they're true.

He can tell I'm uncomfortable, so he grabs my elbow and stops me. "Sky." We turn and face each other, but I keep my eyes trained on the concrete. I'm actually wearing more than just a sports bra today but I fold my arms across my t-shirt anyway and hug myself. There's nothing showing that needs covering up, but I somehow feel really nak*d right now.

"I think we got off on the wrong foot at the store yesterday," he says. "And the talk about stalking, I swear, it was a joke. I don't want you to feel uncomfortable around me. Would it make you feel better if you knew more about me? Ask me something and I'll tell you. Anything."

I'm really hoping he's being genuine because I can already tell he isn't the kind of guy a girl gets a simple crush on. He's the kind of guy you fall hard for, and the thought of that terrifies me. I don't really want to fall hard for anyone at all, especially someone who's only making an effort because he thinks I'm easy. I also don't want to fall for someone who has already branded himself hopeless. But I'm curious. So curious.

"If I ask you something, will you be honest?"

He tilts his head toward me. "That's all I'll ever be."

The way he lowers his voice when he speaks makes my head spin and for a second, I'm afraid if he keeps talking like that, I'll pass out again. Luckily, he takes a step back and waits on my response. I want to ask him about his past. I want to know why he was sent away and why he did what he did and why Six doesn't trust him. But again, I'm not sure I want to know the truth yet.

"Why did you drop out of school?"

He sighs like that's one of the questions he was hoping to be able to dodge. He begins walking forward again and I'm the one following him this time.

"Technically, I haven't dropped out yet."

"Well you obviously haven't been in over a year. I'd say that's dropping out."

He turns back to me and looks torn, like he wants to tell me something. He opens his mouth, then shuts it again after hesitating. I hate that I can't read him. Most people are easy to read. They're simple. Holder is all kinds of confusing and complicated.

"I just moved back home a few days ago," he says. "My mother and I had a pretty shitty year last year, so I moved in with my Dad in Austin for a while. I've been going to school there, but felt like it was time to come back home. So here I am."

The fact that he failed to mention his stint in juvi makes me question his ability to be forthcoming. I understand it's probably not something he wants to talk about, but he shouldn't claim that he'll only ever be honest when he's being anything but.

"None of that explains why you decided to drop out, rather than just transfer back."

He shrugs his shoulders. "I don't know. To be honest, I'm still trying to decide what I want to do. It's been a pretty f**ked up year. Not to mention I hate this school. I'm tired of the bullshit and sometimes I think it would be easier to just test out."

I stop walking and turn to face him. "That's a crap excuse."

He cocks an eyebrow at me. "It's crap that I hate high school?"

"No. It's crap that you're letting one bad year determine your fate for the rest of your life. You're nine months away from graduation, so you drop out? It's just...it's stupid."

He laughs. "Well, when you put it so eloquently."

"Laugh all you want. You quitting school is just giving in. You're proving everyone that's ever doubted you right." I look down and eye the tattoo on his arm. "You're gonna drop out and show the world just how hopeless you really are? Way to stick it to 'em."

He follows my gaze down to his tattoo and he stares at it for a moment, working his jaw back and forth. I really didn't mean to go off on a tangent, but skimping on an education is a touchy subject with me. I blame Karen for all those years of drilling it in my head that I'm the only one that can be held accountable for the way my life turns out.

Holder shifts his eyes away from the tattoo that we're both staring at, and he looks back up and nudges his head toward my house. "You're here," he says matter-of-factly. He turns away from me without so much as a smile or a wave goodbye.

I stand on the sidewalk and watch him as he disappears around the corner without once looking back in my direction.

And here I was, thinking I would actually have a conversation with just one of his personalities today. So much for that.

Tuesday, August 28th, 2012 7:55 a.m.

I walk into first period and Breckin is seated in the back of the room in all of his hot pink glory. How I didn't notice those hot pink shoes and the boy they're attached to before lunch yesterday boggles my mind.

"Hey, gorgeous," I say as I slide into an empty seat next to him. I take the cup of coffee out of his hands and take a sip. He lets me, because he doesn't know me well enough yet to object. Or maybe he lets me because he knows the ramifications of intercepting a self-proclaimed caffeine addict.

"I learned a lot about you last night," he says. "It's too bad your mother won't let you have internet. It's an amazing place to discover facts about yourself that you never even knew."

I laugh. "Do I even want to know?" I tilt my head back and finish off his coffee, then hand him back the cup. He looks down at the empty cup and places it back on my desk.

"Well," he says. "According to some probing on Facebook, you had someone named Daniel Wesley over on Friday night and that resulted in a pregnancy scare. Saturday you had sex with someone named Grayson and then kicked him out. Yesterday..." he drums his fingers on his chin. "Yesterday you were seen running with a guy named Dean Holder after school. That concerns me a bit because, rumor has it...he doesn't like Mormons."

Sometimes I'm thankful I don't have access to the internet like everyone else.

"Let's see," I say, running through the list of rumors. "I don't even know who Daniel Wesley is. Saturday, Grayson did come over, but he barely got to cop a feel before I kicked his drunk ass out. And yes, I was running with a guy named Holder yesterday, but I have no idea who he is. We just happened to be running at the same time and he doesn't live far from me, so..."

I immediately feel guilty for downplaying the run with Holder. I just haven't figured him out and I'm not sure I'm ready for someone to infiltrate mine and Breckin's twenty-hour old alliance just yet.

"If it makes you feel better, I found out from some chick named Shayna that I'm a product of old money and I'm filthy rich," he says.

I laugh. "Good. Then you won't have a problem bringing me coffee every morning."

The classroom door opens and we both look up, just as Holder walks in dressed in a casual white t-shirt and dark denim jeans, his hair freshly washed since our run this morning. As soon as I see him, the stomach virus/hot flashes/butterflies return.

"Shit," I mutter. Holder walks to Mr. Mulligan's desk and lays a form on it, then walks toward the back of the room fiddling with his phone the whole time. He takes a seat in the desk directly in front of Breckin and never even notices me. He turns the volume down on his phone, then puts it in his pocket.

I'm too in shock that he showed up to even speak to him. Did I somehow change his mind about re-enrolling? Am I happy about the fact that I may have changed his mind? Because I sort of feel nothing but regret.

Mr. Mulligan walks in and sets his things on the desk, then turns toward the blackboard and writes his name, followed by the date. I'm not sure if he honestly thinks we forgot who he was since yesterday, or if he just wants to remind us that he thinks we're ignorant.

"Dean," he says, still facing the blackboard. He spins around and eyes Holder. "Welcome back, albeit a day late. I take it you won't be giving us any trouble this semester?"

My mouth drops at his condescending remark right off the bat. If this is the kind of shit Holder has to put up with when he's here, no wonder he didn't want to come back. At least I just get shit from other students. I don't care who the student is, teachers should never be condescending. That should be the first rule in the teacher handbook. The second rule should be that teachers aren't allowed to write their names on blackboards beyond third grade.

Holder shifts in his seat and replies to Mr. Mulligan's comment with just as much bite. "I take it you won't be saying anything that will incite me to give you trouble this semester, Mr. Mulligan?"

Okay, the "shit giving" is obviously a two-way street. Maybe my next lesson, beyond talking him into coming back to school, should be to teach him the meaning of respecting authority.

Mr. Mulligan tucks his chin in and glares at Holder over the rims of his glasses.

"Dean. Why don't you come to the front of the room and introduce yourself to your classmates. I'm sure there are some new faces since you left us last year."

Holder doesn't object, which I'm sure is exactly what Mr. Mulligan expected him to do. Instead, he practically leaps from his chair and walks swiftly to the front of the room. His sudden burst of energy causes Mr. Mulligan to take a quick step back. Holder spins around to face the class, not an ounce of self-doubt or insecurity about him.

"Gladly," Holder says, cutting his eyes toward Mr. Mulligan. "I'm Dean Holder. People call me Holder." He looks away from Mr. Mulligan and back toward the class. "I've been a student here since freshmen year with the exception of a one and a half semester sabbatical. And according to Mr. Mulligan, I like to incite trouble, so this class should be fun."

Several of the students laugh at this comment, but I fail to find the humor in it. I've already been doubting him based on everything I've heard, now he's showing his true colors by the way he's acting. Holder opens his mouth to continue with his introduction, but breaks out into a smile as soon as he spots me in the back of the room. He winks at me and I immediately want to crawl under my desk and hide. I give him a quick, tight-lipped smile, then look down at my desk as soon as other students begin turning around in their seats to see who he's staring at.

An hour and a half ago, he walked away from me in a pissy mood. Now he's smiling at me like he's just seen his best friend for the first time in years.

Yep. He's got issues.

Breckin leans across his desk. "What the hell was that?" he whispers.

"I'll tell you at lunch," I say.

"Is that all the wisdom you wish to impart on us today?" Mr. Mulligan asks Holder.

Holder nods, then walks back to his seat, never pulling his gaze from mine. He sits and cranes his neck, facing me. Mr. Mulligan begins his lecture and everyone's focus returns to the front of the room. Everyone but Holder's. I glance down to my book and flip it open to the current chapter, hoping he'll do the same. When I glance back up, he's still staring at me.

"What?" I mouth, tossing my palms up in the air.

He narrows his eyes and watches me silently for a moment. "Nothing," he finally says. He turns around in his seat and opens the book in front of him.

Breckin taps his pencil on my knuckles and looks at me inquisitively, then returns his attention back to his book. If he's expecting an explanation over what just happened, he'll be disappointed when I'm unable to give him one. I don't even know what just happened.

I steal several glances in Holder's direction during the lecture, but he doesn't turn around again for the entire period. When the bell rings, Breckin jumps out of his seat and drums his fingers on my desk.

"Me. You. Lunch," he says, raising his eyebrow at me. He walks out of the classroom and I turn my gaze to Holder. He's watching the classroom door that Breckin just walked out of with a hard look in his eyes.

I grab my things and head out the door before Holder has a chance to strike up a conversation. I really am glad he decided to re-enroll, but I'm disturbed at the way he looked at me like we were best friends. I really don't want Breckin, or anyone else for that matter, thinking I'm okay with the things Holder does. I'd rather just not associate myself with him, but I have a feeling that's going to be an issue for him.

I go to my locker and switch books, grabbing my English text. I wonder if Shayna/Shayla will actually acknowledge me in class today. Probably not, that was twenty-four hours ago. I doubt she has enough brain cells to recall information from that long ago.

"Hey, you."

I squeeze my eyes shut apprehensively, not wanting to turn around to see him standing there in all his beautiful glory.

"You came." I adjust the books in my locker, then turn around and face him. He smiles, then leans up against the locker next to mine.

"You clean up nice," he says, eyeing me up and down. "Although, the sweaty version of you isn't so bad, either."

He cleans up nice, too, but I'm not about to tell him that.

"Are you here stalking me or did you actually re-enroll?"

He grins mischievously and drums his fingers against the locker. "Both."

I really need to cut it out with the stalking jokes. It would be funnier if I didn't think he was actually capable.

I look around at the hallway clearing out. "Well, I need to get to class," I say. "Welcome back."

He narrows his eyes at me, almost as if he can sense my discomfort. "You're being weird."

I roll my eyes at his assessment. How can he know how I'm being? He doesn't even know me. I look back into my locker and try to mask the real thoughts on why I'm being "weird." Thoughts like, why does his past not scare me more than it does? Why does he have a temper so bad that he would do what he did to that poor kid last year? Why does he want to go out of his way to run with me? Why was he asking around about me? Instead of verbally admitting to the questions inside my head, I just shrug and go with, "I'm just surprised to see you here."

He leans his shoulder against the locker next to mine and shakes his head. "Nope. It's something else. What's wrong?"

I sigh and lean against my locker. "You want me to be honest?"

"That's all I ever want you to be."

I pull my lips into a tight line and nod. "Fine," I say. I roll my shoulder against the locker and face him. "I don't want to give you the wrong idea. You flirt and say things like you have intentions with me that I'm not willing to reciprocate. And you're..." I pause, searching for the right word.

"I'm what?" he says, watching me intently.

"You're...intense. Too intense. And moody. And a little bit scary. And there's the other thing," I say, without saying it. "I just don't want you getting the wrong idea."

"What other thing?" He says it like he knows exactly what other thing I'm referring to, but he's daring me to say it.

I let out a breath and press my back against the locker, staring down at my feet. "You know," I say, not wanting to bring up his past any more than he probably does.

Holder steps in front of me and places his hand on the locker beside my head, then leans in toward me. I look up at him and he's staring down at me, less than six inches from my face.

"I don't know, because you're skirting around whatever issue it is you have with me like you're too afraid to say it. Just say it."

Looking up at him right now, feeling trapped like I'm feeling, the same panic returns to my chest that he left there after our first encounter.

"I heard about what you did," I say abruptly. "I know about the guy you beat up. I know about you being sent to juvi. I know that in the two days I've known you, you've scared the shit out of me at least three times. And since we're being honest, I also know that if you've been asking around about me, then you've probably heard about my reputation, which is more than likely the only reason you're even making an effort with me. I hate to disappoint you, but I'm not screwing you. I don't want you thinking anything will happen between us besides what's already happening. We run together. That's it."

His jaw tightens, but his expression never changes. He lowers his arm and takes a step back, allowing me room to breathe again. I don't understand why anytime he steps within a foot of my personal space, it sucks the breath out of me. I especially don't understand why I like that feeling.

I tuck my books to my chest and begin to shove past him when an arm goes around my waist and I'm pulled away from Holder. I glance next to me to see Grayson eyeing Holder up and down, his grip tightening around my waist.

"Holder," Grayson says coldly. "Didn't know you were coming back."

Holder doesn't even acknowledge Grayson. He continues to stare at me for several seconds, only breaking his gaze from mine to look down at Grayson's hand that's gripping my waist. He nods his head slightly and smiles, as if he's come to some sort of realization, then brings his eyes back to mine.

"Well, I'm back," he says bluntly, without looking directly at Grayson.

What the hell is this? Where did Grayson come from, and why does he have his arm around me like he's staking claim?

Holder cuts his eyes away from mine and turns around to walk away, but stops abruptly. He spins back around and looks at me. "Track tryouts are Thursday after school," he says. "Go."

Then he's gone.

Too bad Grayson isn't.

"You busy this Saturday?" Grayson says in my ear, pulling me against him.

I push off his chest and pull my neck away from him. "Stop," I say, irritated. "I think I made myself pretty clear last weekend."

I slam my locker shut and walk away, wondering how in the hell I've escaped drama my entire life, yet I have enough for an entire book from the last two days alone.

Breckin takes his seat across from me and slides me a soda. "They didn't have coffee, but I found caffeine."

I smile. "Thank you very bestest friend in the whole wide world."

"Don't thank me, I bought it with evil intentions. I'm using it to bribe you so I can get the dirt on your love life."

I laugh and open the soda. "Well, you'll be disappointed, because my love life is nonexistent."

He opens his own soda and grins. "Oh, I doubt that. Not from the way bad boy has been eyeing you from over there." He nudges his head to the right.

Holder is three tables down, staring at me. He's sitting with several guys from the football team that seem excited to have him back. They're patting him on the back and talking around him, never noticing that he's not even a part of their conversation. He takes a drink of his water, his eyes keeping their lock on mine. He sets his drink down on the table a little too forcefully, then nudges his head to the right as he stands up. I glance to the right and see the exit to the cafeteria. He's walking toward it, expecting me to follow him.

"Huh," I say, more to myself than to Breckin.

"Yeah. Huh. Go see what the hell he wants, then report back to me."

I take another drink of my soda, then set it on the table. "Yes, sir."

My body stands up to follow Holder, but I leave my heart at the table. I'm pretty sure it jumped out of my chest as soon as he indicated for me to follow him. I can put up a good front for Breckin all I want, but dammit if I can't have a little control over my own organs.

Holder is several feet in front of me and when he swings the doors open, they swing shut behind him. I place my hand on the swinging doors when I reach them and hesitate a moment before pushing out into the hallway. I think I'd rather be heading to detention right now than to talk to him. My stomach is tied up in so many knots it could make a boy scout envious.

I look both ways, but I don't see him. I take a few steps until I get to the edge of the lockers, then round the corner. His back is leaned up against one of them and his knee is bent, his foot propped against the locker behind him. His arms are folded across his chest and he's looking right at me. The baby blue hue of his eyes isn't even kind enough to mask the anger behind them.

"Are you dating Grayson?"

I roll my eyes and walk to the lockers opposite him and lean against them. I'm really getting tired of his mood swings already, and I just met the guy. "Does it matter?" I'm curious as to how it's any of his business. He gives me that silent pause that I've noticed comes before almost everything he says.

"He's an a**hole."

"Sometimes you are, too," I say quickly, not needing near as much time as he does to come up with a response.

"He's not good for you."

I let out an exasperated laugh. "And you are?" I ask, throwing his point right back at him. If we were keeping score, I'd say it's two and zero in my favor.

He drops his arms and turns around to face the lockers, hitting one of them with a flat palm. The sound of skin against metal reverberates in the hallway and straight into my stomach.

"Don't factor me into this," he says, turning back around. "I'm talking about Grayson, not me. You shouldn't be with him. You have no idea what kind of person he is."

I laugh. Not because he's funny...but because he's serious. This guy that I don't even know is seriously trying to tell me who I should and shouldn't date? I roll my head back against the locker in a wave of defeat.

"Two days, Holder. I've known you all of two days." I kick off the lockers behind me and walk toward him. "In those two days, I've seen five different sides of you, and only one of them has been appealing. The fact that you think you have any right to even voice an opinion about me or my decisions is absurd. It's ridiculous."

Holder works his jaw back and forth and stares down at me, arms tightly folded against his chest. He takes a challenging step toward me. His eyes are so hard and cold, I'm beginning to think this is a sixth side of him that I'm seeing. An even angrier, more possessive side.

"I don't like him. And when I see things like this?" He brings his hand to my face and gently runs his finger underneath the prominent bruise on my eye. "And then see him with his arm around you? Forgive me if I get a little ridiculous."

His fingertips trailing across my cheekbone have left me breathless. It's a struggle to keep my eyes open and not lean in toward his palm, but I hold fast to my resolve. I'm building up an immunity to this boy. Or...at least I'm attempting to. That's my new goal, anyway.

I take a step away from him until his hand is no longer touching my face. He curls his fingers up into a fist and drops his hand to his side.

"You think I should stay away from Grayson because you're afraid he has a temper?" I tilt my head to the side and narrow my eyes at him. "A bit hypocritical, don't you think?"

After another few seconds of studying me, he lets out a short sigh with a barely noticeable roll of the eyes. He looks away and shakes his head, grabbing at the back of his neck. He stays in this position, facing opposite me for several seconds. When he slowly turns around, he doesn't look me in the eyes. He folds his arms across his chest once again and looks down at the floor.

"Did he hit you," he says without any inflection in his voice. He keeps his head trained to the floor, but looks up at me through his eyelashes. "Has he ever hit you?"

Here he goes again, inducing me into submission by a simple switch in demeanor. "No," I say, quietly. "And no. I told you...it was an accident."

We stare at each other in complete silence until the bell for second lunch rings and the hallway fills with students. I'm the first to break my gaze. I walk back to the cafeteria without looking back at him.

Wednesday, August 29th, 2012 6:15 a.m.

I've been running for almost three years. I don't remember what started it or what made it so enjoyable that I became so disciplined at it. I think a lot of it has to do with how frustratingly sheltered I am. I try to stay positive about it, but it's hard seeing the interactions and relationships the other students have at school that I'm not a part of. Not having internet access wouldn't have been a big deal in high school a few years ago, but now it's pretty much social suicide. Not that I care what anyone thinks.

I won't deny it, I've had an overwhelming urge to look Holder up online. In the past when I had these urges to find out more about people, Six and I would just look them up at her house. But Six is on a transatlantic flight over the Atlantic ocean right now, so I can't ask her. Instead, I just sit on my bed and wonder. I wonder if he's really as bad as his reputation makes him out to be. I wonder if he has the same affect on other girls that he does on me. I wonder who his parents are, if he has siblings, if he's dating anyone. I wonder why he seems so intent on being angry with me all the time when we just met. Is he always this angry? Is he always so charming when he isn't busy being angry? I hate that he's either one way or the other and never in between. It would be nice to see a laid back, calm side to him. I wonder if he even has an in between. I wonder...because that's all I can do. Silently wonder about the hopeless boy who somehow burrowed himself into the forefront of my thoughts and won't go the hell away.

I snap out of my trance and finish pulling my running shoes on. At least our tiff in the hallway yesterday was left unresolved. He won't be running with me today because of it, and I'm pretty relieved about that. I need the quiet time to myself today, more than any. I don't know why, though. It'll just be spent wondering.

About him.

I open my bedroom window and crawl outside. It's darker than usual for this time of morning. I look up and see that the sky is overcast, a perfect indicator of my mood. I take in the direction of the clouds, then glance at the sky to the left, curious if I have enough time to run before the bottom falls out.

"Do you always climb out your window or were you just hoping to avoid me?"

I spin around at the sound of his voice. He's standing at the edge of the sidewalk, decked out in shorts and running shoes. No shirt today.

Dammit.

"If I was trying to avoid you I would have just stayed in bed." I walk toward him with confidence, hoping to hide the fact that the sight of him is causing my entire body to go haywire. A small part of me is disappointed he showed up today, but most of me is stupidly, pathetically happy. I walk past him and drop onto the sidewalk to stretch. I spread my legs out in front of me and lean forward, grabbing my shoes and burying my head against my knees-partly for the muscle stretch, but mostly to avoid having to look at him.

"I wasn't sure if you'd show up." He drops down and claims a spot on the sidewalk in front of me.

I raise up and look at him. "Why wouldn't I? I'm not the one with the issues. Besides, neither of us owns the road." I practically snap at him. I'm not even sure why.

He does that staring and thinking thing again where his intense gaze somehow renders me unresponsive. It's becoming such a habit of his I almost want to give it a name. It's like he holds me with his eyes while he silently thinks, purposefully giving no tells in his expression. I've never met anyone that puts so much thought into their own responses. The way he lets things soak in while he prepares his own response-it's like words are limited and he only wants to use the ones that are absolutely necessary.

I stop stretching and face him, unwilling to back down from this visual standoff. I'm not going to let him perform his little Jedi mind tricks on me, no matter how much I wish I could perform them on him. He's completely unreadable and even more unpredictable. It pisses me off.

He stretches his legs out in front of me. "Give me your hands. I need to stretch, too."

He's sitting with his hands out in front of me like we're about to play patty-cake. If anyone was to drive by right now I can just imagine the rumors. Just the thought of it makes me laugh. I place my hands in his outstretched palms and he pulls me forward toward him for several seconds. When he eases the tension, I pull back while he stretches forward, only he doesn't look down. He keeps his gaze locked on mine in his debilitating eye-hold while he stretches.

"For the record," he says, "I wasn't the one with the issue yesterday."

I pull him harder, more out of malice than a desire to help him stretch.

"Are you insinuating I'm the one with the issue?"

"Aren't you?"

"Clarify," I say. "I don't like vague."

He laughs, but it's an irritable laugh. "Sky, if there's one thing you should know about me, it's that I don't do vague. I told you I'll only ever be honest with you, and to me, vague is the same thing as dishonesty." He pulls my hands forward and leans back.

"That's a pretty vague answer you just gave me," I point out.

"I was never asked a question. I've told you before, if you want to know something, just ask. You seem to think you know me, yet you've never actually asked me anything yourself."

"I don't know you."

He laughs again and shakes his head, then releases my hands. "Forget it." He stands up and starts walking away.

"Wait." I pull myself up from the concrete and follow him. If anyone has the right to be angry here, it's me. "What did I say? I don't know you. Why are you getting all pissy with me again?"

He stops walking and turns around, then takes a couple of steps toward me. "I guess after spending time with you over the last few days, I thought I'd get a slightly different reaction from you at school. I've given you plenty of opportunity to ask me whatever you want to ask me, but for some reason you want to believe everything you hear, despite the fact that you never heard any of it from me. And coming from someone with her own share of rumors, I figured you'd be a little less judgmental."

My own share of rumors? If he thinks he's going to win points by having something in common with me, he's dead wrong.

"So that's what this is about? You thought the slutty new girl would be sympathetic to the gay-bashing a**hole?"

He groans and runs his hands through his hair, frustrated. "Don't do that, Sky."

"Don't do what? Call you a gay-bashing a**hole? Okay. Let's practice this honesty policy of yours. Did you or did you not beat up that student last year so badly that you spent a year in juvenile detention?"

He puts his hands on his h*ps and shakes his head, then looks at me with what seems like disappointment in his expression.

"When I said don't do that, I wasn't referring to you insulting me. I was referring to you insulting yourself." He takes a step forward, closing the gap between us. "And yes. I beat his ass to within an inch of his life, and if the bastard was standing in front of me right now, I'd do it again."

His eyes are filled with pure anger and I'm too scared to even ask him why or what it's about. He may have said he'd be honest about it...but his answers terrify me more than asking the questions. I take a step back at the same time he does. We're both quiet and I'm wondering how we even got to this point.

"I don't want to run with you today," I say.

"I don't really feel like running with you, either."

With that, we both turn in opposite directions. Him toward his house, me toward my window. I don't even feel like running alone, today.

I climb back in my window just as the rain starts pouring from the sky, and for a second, I feel sorry for him that he still has to run home. But only for a second, because Karma's a bitch, and Holder is definitely who she's retaliating against right now. I close the window and walk to my bed. My heart is racing as fast as if I had just ran the three miles. Except right now it's racing because I'm so incredibly pissed.

I met the guy a couple of days ago, yet I've never argued more with anyone in my entire life. I could add up all the arguments Six and I have had over the last four years, and it wouldn't begin to compare to the last forty-eight hours with Holder. I don't even know why he even bothers. I guess after this morning, he more than likely won't.

I pick the envelope up from my nightstand and tear it open. I pull Six's letter out and lean back on my pillow and read it, just hoping to escape from the chaos in my head.

Sky,

Hopefully by the time you're reading this (because I know you won't read it right away) I'll be madly in love with a hot Italian boyfriend and not thinking about you at all.

But I know that isn't the case, because I'll be thinking about you all the time.

I'll be thinking about all the nights we stayed up with our ice cream and our movies and our boys. But mostly, I'll be thinking about you, and all the reasons why I love you.

Just to name a few: I love how you suck at goodbyes and feelings and emotions, because I do, too. I love how you always scoop from the strawberry and vanilla side of the ice cream because you know how much I love the chocolate, even though you love it, too. I love how you aren't weird and awkward, despite the fact that you've been severely cut off from socialization to the point where you make the Amish look trendy.

But most of all, I love that you don't judge me. I love that in the past four years, you've never once questioned me about my choices (as poor as they may be) or the guys I've been with or the fact that I don't believe in commitment. I would say that it's simple for you not to judge me, because you're a dirty slut, too. But we both know you're not. So thank you for being a non-judgmental friend. Thank you for never being condescending or treating me like you're better than me (even though we both know you are.) As much as I can laugh about the things people say about us behind our backs, it kills me that they say these things about you, too. For that, I'm sorry. But not too sorry, because I know if you were given the choice to either be my slutty best friend or be the girl with the good reputation, you'd screw every guy in the world. Because you love me that much. And I'd let you, because I love you that much.

And one more thing I love about you, then I'll shut up because I'm only six feet away writing this letter right now and it's really hard to not climb out my window and come squeeze you.

I love your indifference. I love how you really just don't give a shit what people think. I love how you are focused on your future and everyone else can kiss your ass. I love how, when I told you I was leaving for Italy after talking you into enrolling at my school, you just smiled and shrugged your shoulders even though it would have torn most best friends apart. I left you hanging to follow my dream, and you didn't let it eat you up. You didn't even give me crap about it.

I love how (last one, I swear) when we watched The Forces of Nature and Sandra Bullock walked away in the end and I was screaming at the TV for such an ugly ending, you just shrugged your shoulders and said, "It's real, Six. You can't get mad at a real ending. Some of them are ugly. It's the fake happily ever afters that should piss you off."

I'll never forget that, because you were right. And I know you weren't trying to teach me a lesson, but you did. Not everything is going to go my way and not everyone gets a happily ever after. Life is real and sometimes it's ugly and you just have to learn how to cope. I'm going to accept it with a dose of your indifference, and move on.

So, anyway. Enough about that. I just want you to know that I'll miss you and this new very best friend ever in the whole wide world at school better back off when I get home in six months. I hope you realize how amazing you are, but in case you don't, I'm going to text you every single day to remind you. Prepare to be bombarded for the next six months with endless annoying texts of nothing but positive affirmations about Sky.

I love you,

6

I fold the letter up and smile, but I don't cry. She wouldn't expect me to cry over it, no matter how much she might have just made me want to. I reach over to the nightstand and take the cell phone she gave me out of the drawer. I already have two missed text messages.

Have I told you lately how awesome you are? Missing you.

It's day two, you better text me back. I need to tell you about Lorenzo. Also, you're sickeningly smart.

I smile and text her back. It takes me about five tries before I figure it out. I'm almost eighteen and this is the first text I've ever sent? This has to be one for Guinness.

I can get used to these daily positive affirmations. Make sure to remind me of how beautiful I am, and how I have the most impeccable taste in music, and how I'm the fastest runner in the world. (Just a few ideas to get you started.) I miss you, too. And I can't wait to hear about Lorenzo, you slut.

Friday, August, 31st, 2012 11:20 a.m.

The next few days at school are the same as the first two. Full of drama. My locker seems to have become the hub for sticky notes and nasty letters, none of which I ever see actually being placed on or in my locker. I really don't get what people gain out of doing things like this if they don't even own up to it. Like the note that was stuck to my locker this morning. All it said was, "Whore."

Really? Where's the creativity in that? They couldn't back it up with an interesting story? Maybe a few details of my indiscretion? If I have to read this shit every day, the least they could do is make it interesting. If I was going to stoop so low as to leave an unfounded note on someone's locker, I'd at least have the courtesy of entertaining whoever reads it in the process. I'd write something interesting like, "I saw you in bed with my boyfriend last night. I really don't appreciate you getting massage oil on my cucumbers. Whore."

I laugh and it feels odd, laughing out loud at my own thoughts. I look around and no one is left in the hallway but me. Rather than rip the sticky notes off of my locker like I probably should, I take out my pen and make them a little more creative. You're welcome, passersby.

Breckin sets his tray down across from mine. We've been getting our own trays now, since he seems to think I want nothing but salad. He smiles at me like he's got a secret that he knows I want. If it's another rumor, I'll pass.

"How were track tryouts yesterday?" he asks.

I shrug. "I didn't go."

"Yeah, I know."

"Then why'd you ask?"

He laughs. "Because I like to clarify things with you before I believe them. Why didn't you go?"

I shrug again.

"What's with the shoulder shrugs? You have a nervous tic?"

I shrug. "I just don't feel like being a part of a team with anyone here. It's lost its appeal."

He frowns. "First of all, track is one of the most individual sports you can join. Second, I thought you said extracurricular activities were the reason you were here."

"I don't know why I'm here," I say. "Maybe I feel like I need to witness a good dose of human nature at its worst before I enter the real world. It'll be less of a shock."

He points a celery stick at me and cocks his eyebrow. "This is true. A gradual introduction to the perils of society will help cushion the blow. We can't release you alone into the wild when you've been pampered in a zoo your whole life."

"Nice analogy."

He winks at me and bites his stick of celery. "Speaking of analogies. What's up with your locker? It was covered in sexual analogies and metaphors today."

I laugh. "You like that? Took me a while, but I was feeling creative."

He nods. "I especially liked the one that said 'You're such a slut, you screwed Breckin the Mormon.'"

I shake my head. "Now that one I can't lay claim to. That was an original. But they're fun, aren't they? Now that they've been dirtied up?"

"Well," he says. "They were fun. They aren't there anymore. I saw Holder ripping them off your locker just now."

I snap my gaze back up to his and he's grinning mischievously again. I guess this is the secret he was having trouble holding in.

"That's strange." I'm curious why Holder would bother to do such a thing. We haven't been running together since we spoke last. In fact, we don't even interact at all. He sits across the room now in first period and I don't see him at all the rest of the day, aside from lunch. Even then, he sits on the other side of the cafeteria with his friends. I thought after coming to an impasse, we'd successfully moved on to mutual avoidance, but I guess I was wrong.

"Can I ask you something?" Breckin says.

I shrug again, mostly just to irritate him.

"Are the rumors about him true? About his temper? And his sister?"

I try not to appear taken aback by his comment, but it's the first I've heard anything about a sister. "I don't know. All I know is that I've spent enough time with him to know he scares me enough to not want to spend more time with him."

I really want to ask him about the sister comment, but I can't help which situations my stubbornness rears its ugly head in. For some reason, probing for information about Dean Holder is one of those situations.

"Hey," a voice from behind me says. I immediately know it isn't Holder's, because I'm indifferent to the voice. About the time I turn around, Grayson swings his leg over the seat bench next to me and sits. "You busy after school?"

I dip my celery stick into a blob of ranch dressing and take a bite. "Probably."

Grayson shakes his head. "That's not a good enough answer. I'll meet you at your car after last period."

He's up and gone before I can object. Breckin smirks at me.

I just shrug.

I have no idea what Grayson wants to talk about, but if he's thinking he's coming over tomorrow night, he needs a lobotomy. I'm so ready to just swear off guys for the rest of the year. Especially if it means not having Six to eat ice cream with after they go home. Ice cream was the only appealing part to making out with the guys.

At least he's true to form. He's waiting at my car, leaning up against my driver's side door when I reach the parking lot. "Hey, Princess," he says. I don't know if it's the sound of his voice or the fact that he just gave me a nickname, but his words make me cringe. I walk up to him and lean against the car next to him.

"Don't call me princess again. Ever."

He laughs and slides in front of me, gripping my waist in his hands. "Fine. How about beautiful?"

"How about you just call me Sky?"

"Why do you have to be so angry all the time?" He reaches up to my face and holds my cheeks in his hands, then kisses me. Sadly, I let him. Mostly because I feel like he's earned it for putting up with me for an entire month. He doesn't deserve a whole lot of return favors, though, so I pull my face away after just a few seconds.

"What do you want?"

He snakes his arms around my waist and pulls me against him. "You." He starts kissing my neck, so I push against him and he backs away. "What?"

"Can you not take a hint? I told you I'm not sleeping with you, Grayson. I'm not trying to play games or get you to chase me like other sick, twisted girls do. You want more and I don't, so I think we just need to accept that we're at an impasse and move on."

He stares at me, then sighs and pulls me against him, hugging me. "I don't need more, Sky. It's fine the way it is. I won't push it again. I just like coming to your house and I want to come over tomorrow night." He tries to flash me that panty-dropping grin. "Now stop being mad at me and come here." He pulls my face to his and kisses me again.

As irritated and as angry as I am, I can't help but be relieved that as soon as his lips meet mine, my irritation subsides, thanks to the numbness that takes over. For that reason alone, I continue to let him kiss me. He backs me against the car and runs his hands in my hair, then kisses down my jaw and to my neck. I lean my head against the car and bring my wrist up behind him to check the time on my watch. Karen's going out of town for work, so I need to go to the grocery store to get enough sugar to last me all weekend. I don't know how long he plans on feeling me up, but ice cream is really starting to sound tempting right about now. I roll my eyes and drop my arm. All at once, my heart rate triples and my stomach flips and I get all of the feelings a girl is supposed to get when a hot guys lips are all over her. Only I'm not having the reaction to the hot guy whose lips are all over me. I'm having the reaction to the hot guy glaring at me from across the parking lot.

Holder is standing next to his car with his elbow on the top of his doorframe, watching us. I immediately shove Grayson off of me and turn around to get in my car.

"So we're on for tomorrow night?" he asks.

I climb inside the car and crank it, then look up at him. "No. We're done."

I pull the door shut and back out of the parking lot, not sure if I'm angry, embarrassed or infatuated. How does he do that? How the hell does he incite these kinds of feelings from me from clear across a parking lot? I think I'm in need of an intervention.

Friday, August 31st, 2012 4:50 p.m.

"Is Jack going with you?" I open the car door for Karen so she can throw the last of her luggage into the backseat.

"Yeah, he's coming. We'll be home....I'll be home on Sunday," she says, correcting herself. It pains her to count Jack as a "we." I hate that she feels that way because I really like Jack and I know he loves Karen, so I don't understand what her hang-up is at all. She's had a couple of boyfriends in the past twelve years, but as soon as it starts getting serious for the guy, she runs.

Karen shuts the backdoor and turns to me. "You know I trust you, but please..."

"Don't get pregnant," I interrupt. "I know, I know. You've been saying that every time you leave for the past two years. I'm not getting pregnant, Mom. Only terribly high and cracked out."

She laughs and hugs me. "Good girl. And wasted. Don't forget to get really wasted."

"I won't forget, I promise. And I'm renting a TV for the weekend so I can sit around and eat ice-cream and watch trash on cable."

She pulls back and glares at me. "Now that's not funny."

I laugh and hug her again. "Have fun. I hope you sell lots of herbal thingies and soaps and tinctures and whatever else it is you do at these things."

"Love you. If you need me, you know you can use Six's house phone."

I roll my eyes at the same instructions she gives me every time she leaves. "See ya," I say. She gets in the car and pulls out of the driveway, leaving me parent-free for the weekend. To most teenagers, this would be the point at which they pull out their phones and post an invite to the most kick-ass party of the year. Not me. Nope. Instead, I go inside and decide to bake cookies, because that's the most rebellious thing I can come up with.

I love to bake, but I don't claim to be very good at it. I usually end up with more flour and chocolate on my face and hair than in the actual end product. Tonight's no exception. I've already made a batch of chocolate chip cookies, a batch of brownies and something I'm not sure what it was supposed to be. I'm working on pouring the flour into the mixture for a homemade German chocolate cake when the doorbell rings.

I'm pretty sure I should know what to do in situations like this. Doorbells ring all the time, right? Not mine. I stare at the door, not sure what I'm expecting it to do. When it rings for a second time, I put down the measuring cup and wipe my hair out of my eyes, then walk to the front door. When I open it, I'm not even surprised to see Holder. Okay, I'm surprised. But not really.

"Hey," I say. I can't think of anything else to say. Even if I could think of something else to say, I probably wouldn't be able to say it since I can't freaking breathe! He's standing on the top step of my entryway, hands hanging loosely in the pockets of his jeans. His hair still needs a trim, but when he brings his hand up and pushes it out of his eyes, the thought of him trimming that hair is suddenly the worst idea in the world.

"Hi." He's smiling awkwardly and he looks nervous and it's terribly attractive. He's in a good mood. For now, anyway. Who knows when he'll get pissed off and feel like arguing again.

"Um," I say, uneasily. I know the next step is to invite him in, but that's only if I'm actually wanting him inside my house, and to be honest, the jury is still out on that one.

"You busy?" he asks.

I glance back into the kitchen at the inconceivable mess I've made. "Sort of." It's not a lie. I'm sort of incredibly busy.

He looks away and nods, then points behind him to his car. "Yeah. I guess I'll...go." He takes a step back off the top step.

"No," I say, much too quickly and a decibel too loudly. It's an almost desperate no, and I cringe from embarrassment. As much as I don't know why he's here or why he even keeps bothering, my curiosity gets the best of me. I step aside and open the door further. "You can come in, but you might be put to work."

He hesitates, then ascends the step again. He walks inside and I shut the door behind us. Before it can get any more awkward, I walk into the kitchen and pick up the measuring cup and get right back to work like there isn't some random, temperamental, hot guy standing in my house.

"You prepping for a bake sale?" He makes his way around the bar and eyes the plethora of desserts covering my counter.

"My mom's out of town for the weekend. She's anti-sugar, so I kind of go crazy when she's not here."

He laughs and picks up a cookie, but looks at me first for permission.

"Help yourself," I say. "But be warned, just because I like to bake doesn't mean I'm good at it." I sift the last of the flour and pour it into the mixing bowl.

"So you get the house to yourself and you spend Friday night baking? Typical teenager," he says mockingly.

"What can I say?" I shrug. "I'm a rebel."

He turns around and opens a cabinet, eyeing the contents, then shuts it. He steps to the left and opens another cabinet, then takes out a glass. "Got any milk?" he asks while heading to the refrigerator. I pause from stirring and watch as he pulls the milk out and pours himself a glass like he's right at home. He takes a drink and turns around to catch me staring at him, then he grins. "You shouldn't offer cookies without milk, you know. You're a pretty pathetic hostess." He grabs another cookie and walks himself and the milk to the bar and takes a seat.

"I try to save my hospitality for invited guests," I say, turning back to the counter.

"Ouch."

I turn the mixer on, creating an excuse to not have to talk to him for three minutes on medium to high speed. I try to remember what I look like, without noticeably searching for a reflective surface. I'm pretty sure I've got flour everywhere. I know my hair is being held up with a pencil and my sweatpants are being worn for the fourth evening in a row. Unwashed. I try to nonchalantly wipe away any visible traces of flour, but I'm aware it's a lost cause. Oh well, there's no way I could look any worse right now than when I was laid out on the couch with gravel embedded into my cheek.

I turn the mixer off and depress the button to free the mixing blades. I bring one to my mouth and lick it, and walk the other one to where he's seated. "Want one? It's German chocolate."

He takes it out of my hand and smiles. "How hospitable of you."

"Shut up and lick it or I'm keeping it for myself." I walk to the cabinet and grab my own cup, but pour myself a glass of water instead. "You want some water or do you want to continue pretending you can stomach that vegan shit?"

He laughs and crinkles up his nose, then pushes his cup across the bar toward me. "I was trying to be nice, but I can't take another sip of whatever the hell this is. Yes, water. Please."

I laugh and rinse out his cup, then slide him the glass of water. I take a seat in the chair across from him and eye him while I bite into a brownie. I'm waiting for him to explain why he's here, but he doesn't. He just sits across from me and watches me eat. I don't ask him why he's here because I sort of like the quiet between us. It works better when we both shut up, since all of our conversations tend to end in arguments.

Holder stands up and walks into the living room without an explanation. He looks around curiously, his attention being stolen by the photographs on the walls. He walks closer to them and slowly scans each picture. I lean back in my chair and watch him be nosey.

He's never in much of a hurry and seems so assured in every movement he makes. It's like all of his thoughts and actions are meticulously planned out days in advance. I can just picture him in his bedroom, writing down the words he plans to use the following day, because he's so selective with them.

"Your mom seems really young," he says.

"She is young."

"You don't look like her. Do you look like your dad?" He turns and faces me.

I shrug. "I don't know. I don't remember what he looks like."

He turns back to the pictures and runs his finger across one of them.

"Is your dad dead?" He's so blunt about it, I'm almost certain he knows my dad isn't dead or he wouldn't have asked it like that. So carelessly.

"I don't know. Haven't seen him since I was three."

He walks back toward the kitchen and takes a seat in front of me again. "That's all I get? No story?"

"Oh, there's a story. I just don't want to tell it."

He smiles at me again, but it's a wary smile when accompanied by the quizzical look in his eyes. "Your cookies were good," he says, skillfully changing the subject. "You shouldn't downplay your baking abilities."

Something beeps and I jump up from my seat and run to the oven. I open it, but the cake isn't even close to being done. When I turn around, Holder is holding up my cell phone. "You got a text," he laughs. "Your cake is fine."

I throw the oven mitt on the counter, then walk back to my seat. He's scrolling through the texts on my phone without a shred of respect for privacy. I really don't care, though, so I just let him.

"I thought you weren't allowed to have a phone," he says. "Or was that a really pathetic excuse to avoid giving me your number?"

"I'm not allowed. My best friend gave it to me the other day. It can't do anything but text."

He turns the screen around to face me. "What the hell kind of texts are these?" He turns the phone around and reads one.

"Sky, you are beautiful. You are possibly the most exquisite creature in the universe and if anyone tells you otherwise, I'll cut a bitch." He arches an eyebrow and looks up at me, then back down to the phone. "Oh, God. They're all like this. Please tell me you don't text these to yourself for daily motivation."

I laugh and reach across the bar and snatch the phone out of his hand. "Stop. You're ruining the fun of it."

He leans his head back and laughs. "Oh my God, you do? Those are all from you?"

"No!" I say, defensively. "They're from Six. She's my best friend and she's halfway around the world and she misses me. She wants me to not be sad, so she sends me nice texts every day. I think it's sweet."

"Oh, you do not. You think it's annoying and you probably don't even read them."

How does he know that?

I set the phone down and cross my arms over my chest. "She means well," I say, still not admitting that the texts are annoying the living hell out of me.

"They'll ruin you. Those texts will inflate your ego so much, you'll explode." He grabs the phone and pulls his own phone out of his pocket. He scrolls through the screens on both phones and punches some numbers on his phone. "We need to rectify this situation before you start suffering from delusions of grandeur." He hands me back my phone and types something into his own phone, then puts it in his pocket. My phone sounds off, indicating a new text message. I look down at the screen and laugh.

Your cookies suck ass. And you're really not that pretty.

"Better?" he says, teasingly. "Did the ego deflate enough?"

I laugh and set the phone down on the counter, then stand up. "You know just the right things to say to a girl." I walk to the living room and turn around. "Want a tour of the house?"

He stands up and follows me while I point out boring facts and knick-knacks and rooms and pictures, but of course he's slowly soaking it all in, never in a rush. He has to stop and inspect every tiny thing, never speaking a single word the whole time.

When we finally get to my bedroom, I swing open the door. "My room," I say, flashing my Vanna White pose. "Feel free to look around, but being as though there aren't any people eighteen or older here, stay off the bed. I'm not allowed to get pregnant this weekend."

He pauses as he's passing through the doorway and tilts his head toward me. "Only this weekend? You plan on getting knocked up next weekend, instead?"

I follow him into my bedroom. "Nah. I'll probably wait a few more weeks."

He inspects the room, slowly turning around until he's facing me again. "I'm eighteen."

I c*ck my head to the side, confused as to why he pointed out that random fact. "Yay for you?"

He cuts his eyes to the bed, then back to me. "You said to stay off your bed because I'm not eighteen. I'm just pointing out that I am."

I don't like the way my lungs just constricted when he looked at my bed. "Oh. Well then, I meant nineteen."

He spins around, then walks slowly to the open window. He bends down and sticks his head out of it, then pulls back inside. "So this is the infamous window, huh?"

He doesn't look at me, which is probably a good thing because if looks could kill he'd be dead. Why the hell did he have to go and say something like that? I was actually enjoying his company for a change. He turns back to me and his playful expression is gone, replaced by a challenging one that I've seen too many times before.

I sigh. "What do you want, Holder?" He either needs to get his point across about why he's here, or he needs to leave. He folds his arms across his chest and narrows his eyes at me.

"Did I say something wrong, Sky? Or untrue? Unfounded, maybe?" It's obvious in his taunting remarks that he knows exactly what he was insinuating with the window comment. I'm not in the mood to play his games; I have cakes that need baking. And eating.

I walk to the door and hold it open. "You know exactly what you said and you got the reaction you wanted. Happy? You can go now."

He doesn't. He drops his arms and turns around, then walks to my nightstand. He picks up the book Breckin gave me and inspects it as though the last thirty seconds never even occurred.

"Holder, I'm asking you as nicely as I'm going to ask you. Please leave."

He lays the book down gently, then proceeds to lay down on the bed. He literally lays down on my bed. He's on my damn bed.

I roll my eyes and walk over to where he is, then reach down and pull his legs off my bed. If I have to physically remove him from the house, I'll do it. When I grab his wrists and lift upward, he pulls me to him in a move that happens faster than my mind can even comprehend. He flips me over until I'm on my back and he's holding my arms to the mattress. It happens so unexpectedly; I don't even have time to fight him. And looking up at him right now, half of me doesn't even want to fight him. I don't know if I should scream for help or rip off my clothes.

He releases my arms and brings one of his hands to my face. He brushes his thumb across my nose and laughs. "Flour," he says, wiping it away. "It's been bugging me." He sits up against my headboard and brings his feet back onto the bed. I'm still flat on the mattress, staring up at the stars, actually feeling something other than nothing for the first time ever while looking at them.

I can't even move, because I'm sort of afraid he's crazy. I mean literally, clinically insane. It's the only logical explanation for his personality. And the fact that I still find him so incredibly attractive can only mean one thing. I'm insane, too.

"I didn't know he was gay."

Yep, he's crazy.

I turn my head toward him, but say nothing. What the hell do you say to a crazy person who literally refuses to leave your house, then starts spouting off random shit?

"I beat him up because he was an a**hole. I had no idea he was gay."

His elbows are resting on his knees and he's looking right at me, waiting for a reaction. Or a response. Neither of which he's getting for a few seconds, because I need to process this.

I look back up at the stars and give myself time to analyze the situation. If he's not crazy, then he's definitely trying to make a point. But what point? He comes over here, uninvited, to defend his reputation and insult mine? What would be the point of even going forth with the effort? I'm just one person, what does my opinion matter?

Unless, of course, he likes me. The thought literally makes me smile and I feel dirty and wrong for hoping a lunatic likes me. I had it coming, though. I should have never let him in the house, knowing I'm alone. And now he knows I'll be home all weekend alone. If I had to weigh tonight's decisions, this would probably be so heavy it would break the dumb side of the scale. I foresee this ending in one of two ways. We'll either come to a mutual understanding of one another, or he's going to kill me and chop me up into tiny pieces and bake me into cookies. Either way, it makes me sad for all the dessert that isn't being eaten right now.

"Cake!" I yell, jumping up off the bed. I run to the kitchen just in time to smell my latest disaster. I grab the oven mitt and pull the cake out, then throw it on the counter in disappointment. It's not too badly burnt. I could probably salvage it by drowning it in icing.

I shut the oven and decide that I'm moving on to a new hobby. Maybe I'll make jewelry. How hard could that be? I grab two more cookies and walk back to my bedroom and hand one of the cookies to Holder, then lay down on the bed next him.

"I guess the gay-bashing a**hole remark was really judgmental on my part then, huh? You aren't really an ignorant homophobe who spent the last year in juvenile detention?"

He grins and scoots down on the bed next to me and looks up at the stars. "Nope. Not at all. I spent the entire last year living with my father in Austin. I don't even know where the story about me being sent to juvi came into the picture."

"Why don't you defend yourself against the rumors if they aren't true?"

He turns his head toward me on the pillow. "Why don't you?"

I purse my lips together and nod. "Touche."

We both sit quietly on the bed eating our cookies. Some of the things he's said over the past few days are starting to make sense, and I begin to feel more and more like the people I despise. He told me outright that he would answer anything if I just asked, yet I chose to believe the rumors about him instead. No wonder he was so irritated with me. I was treating him just like everyone else treats me.

"The window comment from earlier?" I say. "You were just making a point about rumors? You really weren't trying to be mean?"

"I'm not mean, Sky."

"You're intense. I'm right about that, at least."

"I may be intense, but I'm not mean."

"Well, I'm not a slut."

"I'm not a g*y bashing a**hole."

"So we're all clear?"

He laughs. "Yeah, I guess so."

I inhale a deep breath, then exhale, preparing to do something I don't do very often. Apologize. If I wasn't so stubborn, I might even admit that my judgmental behavior this week was completely mortifying and he had every right in the world to be angry with me for being so ignorant. Instead, I keep the apology short and sweet.

"I'm sorry, Holder," I say quietly

He sighs heavily. "I know, Sky. I know."

And we sit like this in complete silence for what seems like forever but also doesn't feel like near long enough. It's getting late and I'm afraid he's about to say he needs to leave because there's nothing else to say, but I don't want him to. It feels right, being here with him now. I don't know why, but it just does.

"I need to ask you something," he says, finally breaking the silence. I don't respond, because it doesn't feel like his statement is waiting for a response. He's just taking one of his moments to prepare whatever it is he wants to ask me. He takes a breath, then rolls over onto his side to face me. He tucks his elbow under his head and I can feel him looking at me, but I keep staring at the stars. He's way too close for me to look at him right now, and by the way my heart is already pounding against my chest, I'm afraid moving any closer will physically kill me. It doesn't seem possible that lust can cause a heart to take this much of a beating. It's worse than running.

"Why were you letting Grayson do what he was doing to you in the parking lot?"

I want to crawl under my covers and hide. I was hoping this wouldn't come up. "I already told you. He's not my boyfriend and he's not the one who gave me the black eye."

"I'm not asking because of any of that. I'm asking because I saw how you reacted. You were irritated with him. You even looked a little bored. I just want to know why you allow him to do those things if you clearly don't want him touching you."

His words throw me for a loop and I'm suddenly feeling claustrophobic and sweaty. I don't feel comfortable talking about this. It makes me uneasy how he reads me so well, yet I can't read him for anything.

"My lack of interest was that obvious?" I ask.

"Yep. And from fifty yards away. I'm just surprised he didn't take the hint."

This time I turn to face him without thinking, and tuck my elbow under my head. "I know, right? I can't tell you how many times I've turned him down but he just doesn't stop. It's really pathetic. And unattractive."

"Then why do you let him do it?" he says, eyeing me sharply. We're in a compromising position right now, facing each other on the same bed. The way he's staring at me and dropping his eyes to my lips prompts me to roll onto my back again. I don't know if he feels the same, but he rolls onto his back, too.

"It's complicated."

"You don't have to explain," he says. "I was just curious. It's really not my business."

I tuck my hands behind my head and look up at the stars that I've counted more times than I can count. I've been in this bed with Holder longer than I've probably been in this bed with any boy, and it occurs to me that I haven't felt the need to count a single star.

"Have you ever had a serious girlfriend?"

"Yep," he says. "But I hope you aren't about to ask for details, because I don't go there."

I shake my head. "That's not why I'm asking." I pause for a few seconds, wanting to word things the right way. "When you kissed her, what did you feel?"

He pauses for a moment, probably thinking this is a trick question. "You want honesty, right?" he asks.

"That's all I ever want."

I can see him smile out of the corner of my eyes. "Alright then. I guess I felt...horny."

I try to appear unaffected, hearing that word come out of his mouth, but...wow. I cross my legs, hoping it'll help minimize the hot flashes racing through me. "So you get the butterflies and the sweaty palms and the rapid heartbeat and all that?"

He shrugs. "Yeah. Not with every girl I've been with, but most of them."

I angle my head in his direction, trying not to analyze the way that sentence came out. He turns his head toward me and grins.

"There weren't that many." He smiles and his dimple is even cuter close up. For a moment, I get lost in it. "What's your point?"

I bring my eyes back to his, briefly, then face the ceiling again. "My point is that I don't. I don't feel any of that. When I make out with guys, I don't feel anything at all. Just numbness. So sometimes I let Grayson do what he does to me, not because I enjoy it, but because I like not feeling anything at all." He doesn't respond and his silence makes me uncomfortable. I can't help but wonder if he's mentally labeling me as crazy. "I know it doesn't make sense, and no, I'm not a lesbian. I've just never been attracted to anyone before you and I don't know why."

As soon as I say it, he darts his head toward me at the same second I squeeze my eyes shut and throw my arm over my face. I can't believe I just admitted, out loud, that I'm attracted to him. I could die right now and it wouldn't be soon enough.

I feel the bed shift and he encompasses my wrist with his hand and removes my arm from over my eyes. I reluctantly open them and he's propped up on his hand, smiling at me. "You're attracted to me?"

"Oh, God," I groan. "That's the last thing you need for your ego."

"That's probably true," he laughs. "Better hurry up and insult me before my ego gets as big as yours."

"You need a hair cut," I blurt out. "Really bad. It gets in your eyes and you squint and you're constantly moving it out of the way like you're Justin Bieber and it's really distracting."

He fingers his hair with his hand and frowns, then falls back onto the bed. "Man. That really hurt. It seems like you've thought that one out for a while."

"Just since Monday," I admit.

"You met me on Monday. So technically, you've been thinking about how much you hate my hair since the moment we met?"

"Not every moment."

He's quiet for a minute, then grins again. "I can't believe you think I'm hot."

"Shut up."

"You probably faked passing out the other day, just so you could be carried in my hot, sweaty, manly arms."

"Shut up."

"I'll bet you fantasize about me at night, right here in this bed."

"Shut up, Holder."

"You probably even..."

I reach over and clamp my hand over his mouth. "You're way hotter when you aren't speaking."

When he finally shuts his mouth, I remove my hand and put it back behind my head. Again, we both go a while without speaking. He's probably silently gloating in the fact that I admitted I'm attracted to him, while I'm silently cringing that he's now privy to that knowledge.

"I'm bored," he says.

"So go home."

"I don't want to. What do you do when you're bored? You don't have internet or TV. Do you just sit around all day and think about how hot I am?"

I roll my eyes. "I read," I say. "A lot. Sometimes I bake. Sometimes I run."

"Read, bake and run. And fantasize about me. What a riveting life you lead."

"I like my life."

"I sort of like it, too," he says. He rolls over and grabs the book off of my nightstand. "Here, read this."

I take the book out of his hands and open it to the marker on page two. It's as far as I've gotten. "You want me to read it out loud? You're that bored?"

"Pretty damn bored."

"It's a romance," I warn.

"Like I said. Pretty damn bored. Read."

I scoot my pillow up toward the headboard and make myself comfortable, then start reading.

This morning if you would have told me I'd be reading a romance novel to Dean Holder in my bed tonight, I'd tell you that you were crazy. But then again, I'm obviously not the best judge of crazy.

When I open my eyes, I immediately slide my hand to the other side of the bed, but it's empty. I sit up and look around. My light is off and my covers are on. The book is closed on the nightstand, so I pick it up. There's a bookmark almost three-quarters of the way through.

I read until I fell asleep? Oh, no, I fell asleep. I throw the covers off and walk to the kitchen, then flip on the light and look around in shock. The entire kitchen is clean and all the cookies and brownies are wrapped in saran wrap. I look down at my phone sitting on the counter and pick it up to find a new text message.

You fell asleep right when she was about to find out her mother's secret. How dare you. I'll be back tomorrow night so you can finish reading it to me. And by the way, you have really bad breath and you snore way too loud.

I laugh. I'm also grinning like an idiot, but luckily no one is here to witness it. I glance at the clock on the stove and it's only just past two in the morning, so I go back to the bedroom and crawl into bed, hoping he really does show up tomorrow night. I don't know how this hopeless boy weaseled his way into my life this week, but I know I'm definitely not ready for him to leave.

Saturday, September 1st, 2012 5:05 p.m.

I've learned an invaluable lesson about lust today. It causes double the work. I took two showers today, instead of just one. I changed clothes four times instead of the usual two. I've cleaned the house once (that's one more than I usually clean it) and I've checked the time on the clock no less than a thousand times. I may have checked my phone for incoming texts just as many.

Unfortunately, he didn't state in his text from last night what time he would be here, so by five o'clock I'm pretty much sitting and waiting. There isn't much else to do, since I've already baked enough sweets for an entire year and I've ran no less than four miles today. I thought about cooking dinner for us, but I have no idea what time he's coming over, so I wouldn't know when to have it ready. I'm sitting on the couch, drumming my nails on the sofa, when I get a text from him.

What time can I come over? Not that I'm looking forward to it or anything. You're really, really boring.

He texted me. Why didn't I think of that? I should have texted him a few hours ago to ask what time he would be here. It would have saved me so much unnecessary, pathetic fretting.

Be here at seven. And bring me something to eat. I'm not cooking for you.

I set the phone down and stare at it. An hour and forty five minutes to go. Now what? I look around at my empty living room and, for the first time ever, the boredom starts to have a negative affect on me. Up until this week, I was pretty content with my lackluster life. I wonder if being exposed to the temptations of technology has left me wanting more, or if it's being exposed to the temptations of Holder. Probably both.

I stretch my legs out on the coffee table in front of me. I'm wearing jeans and a t-shirt today after finally deciding to give my sweatpants a break. I also have my hair down, but only because Holder has never seen me in anything other than a ponytail. Not that I'm trying to impress him.

I'm totally trying to impress him.

I pick up a magazine and flip through it, but my leg is shaking and I'm fidgeting to the point that I can't focus. I read the same page three times in a row, so I throw the magazine back on the coffee table and lean my head back into the couch. I stare at the ceiling. Then I stare at the wall. Then I stare at my toes and wonder if I should repaint them.

I'm going crazy.

I finally groan and reach for my phone, then text him again.

Now. Come right now. I'm bored out of my freaking mind and if you don't come right now I'll finish the book before you get here.

I hold the phone in my hands and watch the screen as it bounces up and down against my knee. He texts back right away.

Lol. I'm getting you food, bossy pants. Be there in twenty.

Lol? What the hell does that mean? Lots of love? Oh, God, that better not be it. He'll be out the door faster than Matty-boy. But really, what the hell does it mean?

I stop thinking about it and focus on the last word. Twenty. Twenty minutes. Oh, shit, that suddenly seems way too soon. I run to the bathroom and check my hair, my clothes, my breath. I make a quick run through the house, cleaning it for the second time today. When the doorbell finally rings, I actually know what to do this time. Open it.

He's standing with two armfuls of groceries, looking very domesticated. I eye the groceries suspiciously. He holds the sacks up and shrugs. "One of us has to be the hospitable one." He eases past me and walks straight to the kitchen and sets the sacks on the counter. "I hope you like spaghetti and meatballs, because that's what you're getting." He begins removing items from the sacks and pulling cookware out of cabinets.

I shut the front door and walk to the bar. "You're cooking dinner for me?"

"Actually, I'm cooking for me, but you're welcome to eat some if you want." He glances at me over his shoulder and smiles.

"Are you always so sarcastic?" I ask.

He shrugs. "Are you?"

"Do you always answer questions with questions?"

"Do you?"

I pick up a hand towel off the bar and throw it at him. He dodges it, then walks to the refrigerator. "You want something to drink?" he asks.

I put my elbows on the bar and rest my chin in my hands, watching him. "You're offering to make me something to drink in my own house?"

He searches through the refrigerator shelves. "Do you want milk that tastes like ass or do you want soda?"

"Do we even have soda?" I'm almost positive I already drank up the stash I bought yesterday.

He leans back out of the refrigerator and arches an eyebrow. "Can either of us say anything that isn't a question?"

I laugh. "I don't know, can we?"

"How long do you think we can keep this up?" He finds a soda and grabs two glasses. "You want ice?"

"Are you having ice?" I'm not stopping with the questions until he does. I'm highly competitive.

He walks closer to me and places our glasses on the counter. "Do you think I should have ice?" he says with a challenging grin.

"Do you like ice?" I challenge back.

He nods his head, impressed that I've kept up to speed with him. "Is your ice any good?"

"Well, do you prefer crushed ice or cubed ice?"

He narrows his eyes at me, aware that I just trapped him. He can't answer that one with a question. He pops the lid open and begins pouring the soda into my cup. "No ice for you."

"Ha!" I say. "I win."

He laughs and walks back to the stove. "I let you win because I feel sorry for you. Anyone that snores as bad as you do deserves a break every now and then."

I smirk at him. "You know, the insults are really only funny when they're in text form." I pick my glass up and take a drink. It definitely needs ice. I walk to the freezer and pull out a few ice cubes and drop them into my cup.

When I turn around, he's standing right in front of me, staring down at me. The look in his eyes is slightly mischievous, but just serious enough that it causes my heart to palpitate. He takes a step forward until my back meets the refrigerator behind me. He casually lifts his arm and places his hand on the refrigerator beside my head.

I don't know how I'm not sinking to the floor right now. My knees feel like they're about to give out.

"You know I'm kidding, right?" he says softly. His eyes are scrolling over my face and he's smiling just enough that his dimples are showing.

I nod and hope he backs the hell away from me, because I'm about to have an asthma attack and I don't even have asthma.

"Good," he says, moving in just a couple more inches. "Because you don't snore. In fact, you're pretty damn adorable when you sleep."

He really shouldn't say things like that. Especially when he's leaning in this close to me. His arm bends at the elbow and he's suddenly a whole lot closer. He leans in toward my ear and I inhale sharply.

"Sky," he whispers seductively into my ear. "I need you...to move. I need in the fridge." He slowly pulls back and keeps his eyes trained on mine, watching for my reaction. A smile pulls at the corners of his mouth and he tries to hold it in, but he breaks out in laughter.

I push against his chest and duck under his arm. "You're such an ass!"

He opens the refrigerator, still laughing. "I'm sorry, but damn. You're so blatantly attracted to me, it's hard not to tease you."

I know he's joking, but it still embarrasses the hell out of me. I sit back down at the bar and drop my head into my hands. I'm beginning to hate the girl he's turning me into. It wouldn't be near as hard to be around him if I wouldn't have slipped and told him I was attracted to him. It also wouldn't be as hard if he weren't so funny. And sweet, when he wants to be. And hot. I guess that's what makes lust so bittersweet. The feeling is beautiful, but the effort it takes to deny it is way too hard.

"Want to know something?" he asks. I look up at him and he's looking down at the pan in front of him, stirring.

"Probably not."

He glances at me for a few seconds, then looks back down at the pan. "It might make you feel better."

"I doubt it."

He cuts his eyes to me again and the playful smile is gone from his lips. He reaches into a cabinet and pulls out a pan, then walks to the sink and fills it with water. He walks back to the stove and begins stirring again. "I might be a little bit attracted to you, too," he says.

I unnoticeably inhale, then let out a slow, controlled breath in an attempt not to appear blindsided by that comment.

"Just a little bit?" I ask, doing what I do best by infusing awkward moments with sarcasm.

He smiles again, but keeps his eyes trained on the pan in front of him. The room grows silent for several minutes. He's focused on cooking and I'm focused on him. I watch him as he moves effortlessly around the kitchen and I'm in awe at his level of comfort. This is my house and I'm more nervous than he is. I can't stop fidgeting and I wish he would start talking again. He doesn't seem as affected by the silence, but it's looming in the air around me and I need to get rid of it.

"What does lol mean?"

He laughs. "Seriously?"

"Yes, seriously. You typed it in your text earlier."

"It means laugh out loud. You use it when you think something is funny."

I can't deny the relief I feel that it wasn't lots of love.

"Huh," I say. "That's dumb."

"Yeah, it is pretty dumb. It's just habit though, and the abbreviated texts make it a lot faster to type once you get the hang of it. Sort of like OMG and WTF and IDK and..."

"Oh, God, stop," I say, interrupting him before he spouts off more abbreviations. "You speaking in abbreviated text form is really unattractive."

He turns to me and winks, then walks to the oven. "I'll never do it again, then."

And it happens again...the silence. Yesterday the silence between us was fine, but for some reason, it's incredibly awkward tonight. It is for me, anyway. I'm beginning to think I'm just nervous for what the rest of the night holds. It's obvious with the chemistry between us that we'll end up kissing eventually. It's just really hard to focus on the here and now and be engaged in conversation when that's the only thing on my mind. I can't stand not knowing when he'll do it. Will he wait until after dinner when my breath smells like garlic and onions? Will he wait until it's time for him to leave? Will he just spring it on me when I'm least expecting it? I almost just want to get it over with right now. Cut to the chase so the inevitable can be put aside and we can get on with the night.

"You okay?" he asks. I snap my gaze back up to his and he's standing across the bar from me. "Where'd you go? You checked out for a while there."

I shake my head and pull myself back into the conversation. "I'm fine."

He picks up a knife and begins chopping a tomato. Even his tomato chopping skills are effortless. Is there anything this boy is bad at? His knife stills on the cutting board and I look up at him. He's looking down at me with a serious expression.

"Where'd you go, Sky?" He watches me for a few seconds, waiting on my response. When I fail to give him one, he drops his eyes back to the cutting board.

"Promise you won't laugh?" I ask.

He squints his eyes and ponders my question, then shakes his head. "I told you that I'll only ever be honest with you, so no. I can't promise I won't laugh because you're kind of funny and that's only setting myself up for failure."

"Are you always so difficult?"

He grins at me, but doesn't respond. He keeps eyeing me like he's challenging me to say what's really on my mind. Unfortunately, I don't back down from challenges.

"Okay, fine." I sit up straight in my chair and take a deep breath, then let all my thoughts out at once. "I'm really not any good at this whole dating thing, and I don't even know if this is a date, but I know that whatever it is, it's a little more than just two friends hanging out, and knowing that makes me think about later tonight when it's time for you to leave and whether or not you plan to kiss me and I'm the type of person who hates surprises so I can't stop feeling awkward about it because I do want you to kiss me and this may be presumptuous of me, but I sort of think you want to kiss me, too, and so I was thinking how much easier it would be if we just went ahead and kissed already so you can go back to cooking dinner and I can stop trying to mentally map out how our night's about to play out." I inhale an incredibly huge breath, being as though I have none left in my lungs.

He stopped chopping somewhere in the middle of that rant, but I'm not sure which part. He's looking at me with his mouth slightly agape. I take a deep breath and slowly exhale, thinking I may have just completely sent him out the front door. And sadly, I wouldn't blame him if he ran.

He lays the knife gently on the cutting board and places his palms on the counter in front of him, never breaking his gaze from mine. I fold my hands in my lap and wait for a reaction. It's all I can do.

"That," he says, pointedly, "was the longest run-on sentence I've ever heard."

I roll my eyes and slouch back against my seat, then fold my arms across my chest. I just practically begged him to kiss me, and he's critiquing my grammar?

"Relax," he says with a grin. He slides the tomatoes off the cutting board and into the pan, then places it on the stove. He adjusts the temperature of one of the burners and pours the pasta into the boiling water. Once everything is set, he dries his hands on the hand towel, then walks around the bar to where I'm seated.

"Stand up," he directs.

I look up at him warily, but I do what he says. Slowly. When I'm standing up, facing him, he places his hands on my shoulders and looks around the room. "Hmm," he says, thinking audibly. He glances into the kitchen, then slides his hands down my shoulders and grabs my wrists. "I sort of liked the fridge backdrop." He pulls me into the kitchen, then positions me like a puppet with my back against the refrigerator. He places both of his hands against the refrigerator on either side of my head, and looks down at me.

It's not the most romantic way I've pictured him kissing me, but I guess it'll do. I just want to get it over with. Especially now that he's making such a big production out of it. He begins to lean in toward me, so I take a deep breath and close my eyes.

I wait.

And I wait.

Nothing happens.

I open my eyes and he's so close I actually flinch, which only makes him laugh. He doesn't back away, though, and his breath teases my lips like fingers. He smells like mint leaves and soda and I never thought the two would make a good combination, but they really do.

"Sky?" he says, quietly. "I'm not trying to torture you or anything, but I already made up my mind before I came over here. I'm not kissing you tonight."

His words cause my stomach to sink from the weight of my disappointment. My self-confidence has just gone out the window, and I really need an ego building text from Six right now.

"Why not?"

He slowly drops one of his hands and brings it to my face, then traces down my cheek with his fingers. I try not to shudder under his touch, but it's taking every ounce of my willpower not to appear completely flustered right now. His eyes follow his hand as it slowly moves down my jaw, then my neck, stopping at my shoulder. He brings his eyes back to mine and there's an undeniable amount of lust in them. Seeing the look in his eyes eases my disappointment by a tiny fraction.

"I want to kiss you," he says. "Believe me, I do." He drops his eyes to my lips and brings his hand back up to my cheek, cupping it. I willingly lean into his palm this time. I pretty much relinquished control to him the moment he walked through the front door. Now I'm nothing but putty in his hands.

"But if you really want to, then why don't you?" I'm terrified he's about to spout off an excuse that contains the word girlfriend.

He cases my face in both of his hands and tilts my face up toward his. He brushes his thumbs back and forth along my cheekbones and I can feel the rapid rise and fall of his chest against mine. "Because," he whispers. "I'm afraid you won't feel it."

I suck in a quick breath and hold it. The conversation we had on my bed last night replays in my head, and I realize that I never should have told him any of that. I never should have said I feel nothing but numbness when I kiss people, because he's the absolute exception to the rule. I bring my hand to his hand on my cheek, and I cover it with mine.

I'll feel it, Holder. I already do. I want to say those words out loud, but I can't. Instead, I just nod.

He closes his eyes and inhales, then pulls me away from the refrigerator and into his chest. He wraps one arm around my back and holds his other hand against my head. My arms are still awkwardly at my sides, so I tentatively bring them up and wrap them around his waist. When I do this, I quietly gasp at the peacefulness that consumes me, being wrapped up in him like this. We both simultaneously pull each other closer and he kisses me on top of the head. It's not the kiss I was expecting, but I'm pretty sure I love it just as much.

We're standing in the same position when the timer on the oven dings. He doesn't immediately release me though, which makes me smile. When he does begin to drop his arms, I look down to the floor, unable to look at him. Somehow, me trying to rectify the awkwardness about kissing him has just made things even more awkward for me.

As if he can sense my embarrassment, he takes both of my hands in his and interlocks our fingers. "Look at me." I lift my eyes to his, trying to hide the disappointment from realizing our mutual attraction is on two different levels. "Sky, I'm not kissing you tonight but believe me when I tell you, I've never wanted to kiss a girl more. So stop thinking I'm not attracted to you because you have no idea just how much I am. You can hold my hand, you can run your fingers through my hair, you can straddle me while I feed you spaghetti, but you are not getting kissed tonight. And probably not tomorrow, either. I need this. I need to know for sure that you're feeling every single thing that I'm feeling the moment my lips touch yours. Because I want your first kiss to be the best first kiss in the history of first kisses." He pulls my hand up to his mouth and kisses it. "Now stop sulking and help me finish the meatballs."

I grin, because that was seriously the best excuse ever for being turned down. He could turn me down every day for the rest of my life, so long as it's followed up by that excuse.

He swings our hands between us, peering down at me. "Okay?" he says. "Is that enough to get you through a couple more dates?"

I nod. "Yep. But you're wrong about one thing."

"What's that?"

"You said you want my first kiss to be the best first kiss, but this won't be my first kiss. You know that."

He narrows his eyes and pulls his hands from mine, then cups my face again. He pushes me back against the refrigerator and brings his lips dangerously close to mine. The smile is gone from his eyes and is replaced by a very serious expression. An expression so intense, I stop breathing.

He leans in excruciatingly slowly until his lips just barely reach mine, and the anticipation of them alone is enough to paralyze me. He doesn't close his eyes, so neither do I. He holds me in this position for a moment, allowing our breath to blend between us. I've never felt so helpless and out of control of myself, and if he doesn't do something within the next three seconds, I'm more than likely going to pounce him.

He looks at my lips and when he does, it prompts me to pull my bottom lip between my teeth. Otherwise, I just might bite him.

"Let me inform you of something," he says in a low voice. "The moment my lips touch yours, it will be your first kiss. Because if you've never felt anything when someone's kissed you, then no one's ever really kissed you. Not the way I plan on kissing you."

He drops his hands and keeps his eyes locked on mine while he backs up to the stove. He turns around to tend to the pasta like he didn't just ruin me for any other guy for the rest of my life.

I can't feel my legs, so I do the only thing I can. I slide down the refrigerator until my butt meets the floor, and I inhale.

Saturday, September 1st, 2012 7:15 p.m.

"Your spaghetti sucks ass." I take another bite and close my eyes, savoring what is possibly the best pasta that's ever passed my lips.

"You love it and you know it," he says. He stands up from the table and grabs two napkins, then brings them back and hands me one. "Now wipe your chin, you've got sucky ass spaghetti sauce all over it."

