To my grandma, who says, "Nothing beats a bad flight like a good romance novel."

And also to my unsuspecting husband who endured many long nights watching me type away on my computer. I love you, babe!

Prologue

"It's a girl, my lady! A fine girl!" the midwife exclaimed, holding out the small bundle in her hands. It seemed nearly impossible she had given birth to such a small and perfect little gift. Obviously, the midwife wanted her to take possession of the child she had laboriously brought into the world.

Without thought, she pulled the bundle to her chest and wept. The salty tears slipped down her cheeks as she mourned all the love that would be lost on her new baby and all the reasons she couldn't keep her.

"Take her away from me!" Her shriek seemed to bounce off the bare walls of the room.

Hiding her face in her hands, she continued to weep, knowing the situation was completely hopeless. Her aristocratic parents wouldn't allow the scandal. She knew the only answer lay in giving the child away to distant relatives. If the ton were to discover why she had been sent into hiding, she would be ruined.

The father of the child wanted nothing to do with the baby, even if she did. Hopefully she could convince him to marry her when she went back into London; the season would be starting soon. She closed her heavy eyes and prayed the feeling of loss would leave her.

But it didn't. There was no way to escape the choices she had made, except to move on with life, and hope the Duke would still find her attractive after a twenty-four hour childbirth. He hadn't even contacted her-had he even cared for her health at all?

Although young, she wasn't stupid. He was probably out getting foxed with his friends, while she went through the worst pain imaginable.

It was better this way. Better the infant girl remain in the country. Better she be raised far away from society.

"Her name, miss?" The maid urged softly, looking at her with expectant eyes.

"Sara," she whispered. "Her name is Sara."

Chapter One

The English Countryside

Miss Sara Ames had no desire whatsoever to extend a greeting to her Aunt Tilda. Greetings were natural assumptions of welcome, and Sara did not want her aunt to get the wrong impression. She was most certainly not welcome.

Soon enough she would be encouraged to extend said welcome to her aunt, but naturally, she was in no mood to rush the first step into the inferno, as she so delicately thought of the situation. No. She would greet her soon, but not too soon. Not until the time was forced upon her-much like the current situation had been thrust upon her.

At least she could spend these last few hours in solitary lamentation, mourning the life she once dreamed for herself. A life filled with nights sitting by the fireside reading novels. After all, she wasn't pretty enough for a debut, a fact of which she was reminded daily by her sisters and her mother.

Debuts were reserved for comely, dewy-skinned girls; not ugly girls, as her father had often so delicately put it. She hadn't even been provided with a dowry. And according to her father, the main reason for that being, "No man in his right mind would take you, even if I offered him the blunt of the ton." He'd repeated such sentiments to neighbors on many occasions as well, the first time on Sara's sixteenth birthday, when during the middle of her party he drunkenly announced to all her friends she was worthless.

At least novels provided the escape she desperately needed, a diversion into a world where she felt loved, cherished, and desired-the most scandalous of all the emotions, or so she thought.

Men would never desire her; even her own father despised her for how she looked.

For one thing, she was straight where all the other women had curves. Her skin was dark olive, but that was to be expected when one spent hours contemplating books in the fields. Her lips were too large, her eyes too big, and her nose-well, she didn't know much about noses, but she figured something had to be wrong with it, too. It always seemed too invisible next to her lush mouth, which her father had often called sinful.

How was it that her sisters were both gifted with angelic faces and soft bodies, while she was cursed with a hard-muscled body and a long mop of black hair? She was nearly convinced her mother had taken a lover of some sort, or at least had an affair while her father was away on business. It was the only explanation for her looks; certainly, her own father must have thought as much as well, because she received the most despised spankings as a child, and allotted the most horrid of all chores.

Her parents meant well, her beautifully gifted sisters often told her, but she had her doubts. As of a few days ago, she accepted her lot in life was to be a spinster; to spend the rest of her days longing for something she'd never had to begin with...love.

"Sara!" Her mother's impossibly loud voice never ceased to carry for miles on end.

"Coming!" she called, although not at the same decibel. It was nearly impossible to reach the same frequency as her mother on any given occasion. A gift is what her mother called it, but her father called it a curse behind her mother's back.

Sara reluctantly pushed herself off the ground and walked slowly into the lion's den. Her fate to be decided by the two most unlikeable people in her existence: her mother and her aunt.

Both eyed her speculatively when she approached them in the garden. Heat encompassed her body while observing her aunt's disapproving gaze trace her from head to toe. She was used to being criticized. Holding her head high when subjected to rejection had once been a trying chore. Now she did it with ease, her only recourse, as if to say she didn't care what everyone else thought. Though in her heart of hearts, she always did. Didn't every girl?

She resolved to always maintain eye contact-to communicate to everyone within distance she accepted the way God created her. The local vicar once told her there were worse things in the world, and sometimes you only see what others want you to see.

Sara had her doubts about the local vicar after that day, yet her faith in God was the only solid thing in her life. She had to trust that possibly, when she went to Heaven, she would turn into a beautiful butterfly, whilst her family rotted in....

"Oh, dear," her aunt sighed, lifting the teacup to her thin rouged lips. "I just don't see what you expect me to do. I can't perform miracles." Her eyes skimmed quickly over Sara; although, she noticed Aunt Tilda seemed to harbor some tender emotion in them, for she ventured a gentle smile her way before facing Sara's dreadful mother again. Either that or Sara was losing her mind, which was probably more likely, given the circumstances of her upbringing. One could only tolerate so much verbal abuse before she went to the madhouse, or so she thought.

"Only the good Lord can," Mother responded, making a quick cross over her chest. Sara rolled her eyes but was quick about it, so she would not be caught. "After her sisters ran off and eloped, I thought to myself we would be ruined. Absolutely ruined. Then I realized I still had one daughter left. One daughter left who can at least try to marry above her station. And why not? Why shouldn't we have more wealth than what we have? I don't see why the good Lord would bless others and completely turn his nose up to us."

"Nor do I," her aunt agreed, clicking her tongue and then heaved a sigh of resignation. "I shall do as you ask... out of the goodness of my heart." She rose from her chair and approached Sara, making Sara's mouth go suddenly dry. "My husband is a Viscount. Unlike your mother, I married within my station, and it suits me well. I shall sponsor your first and only season in London. I shall expect nothing but good manners and graciousness from you. Do you understand, young lady?"

What was she supposed to do? Sit there and nod like a puppet? Sara cleared her throat to protest, but her aunt put a gloved finger in front of her lips.

"Tsk, tsk. You will not be speaking at all until we arrive in London. I have a head ailment which prevents me from listening to whiny, ugly girls for extended periods of time."

Sara was tired of being insulted. She should be accustomed to it though; it was a daily occurrence, but now it rattled her nerves.

Aunt Tilda shook her head once more. "I don't know, I just don't know. I mean, look at her skin. It's so, so-" Her hand waved in the air as if she would somehow pull the perfect word out of the sky.

"It's brown, dear," came Mother's annoyed voice. "She has straight white teeth though."

"Ah! Let me see!" Aunt Tilda grabbed Saras chin and forced open her mouth making her feel like a horse being inspected by a famer. "Oh, yes. I do see. Oh good, very good. We shall have her smile often."

"And her bosom!" Mother half-jumped out of her seat in a frenzy. "If you'll just pull back her dress here." The dress tightened around Sara's chest furthering her embarrassment. "You see? She really does have a lot to work with."

Aunt Tilda walked away for a minute, not facing any of the party in the receiving room. "She'll have to eat much more than you've been feeding her."

Sara took another deep breath; it was like getting sold to the butcher. She closed her eyes, so she could think about her latest book rather than the embarrassing things being said about her.

"She does eat!" her mother bellowed again, hazardously close to Sara's left ear. She wouldn't be surprised if she were close to being deaf in both ears. Years of living with her mother had not been good for her health. She winced as her mother yelled again "I know! We'll just give her more meals and have her eat before bed! If she lies down, it is bound to stay in her belly and make her softer!"

Sara wanted to scream, but she had always been even tempered, always. But even those who are even tempered can be pushed beyond the brink of sanity. If only her sisters hadn't eloped, leaving their family in utter ruin! What respectable girls elope with twin brothers to Gretna Green? They weren't even titled for crying out loud! It meant her family had nothing, absolutely nothing. Her two sisters were the only hope for riches, and now they were gone, along with their measly dowries. Nobody would want them now, even if they could get the marriages annulled.

Her thoughts had gotten away with her somehow. Before she knew it, her aunt kissed her mother goodbye, and pushed Sara into a black plush carriage waiting outside.

"Oh, and Sara," her mother ran toward her, "Aunt Tilda will explain what needs to be done to secure a husband; you listen to everything she says. Do not embarrass us! Your father has, well, he has some debts, dear, and you're our only hope of securing a man rich enough to take care of us. Do you understand?"

Was that a rhetorical question?

Her mother droned on, "And, dear, I know you are...well, you're wicked-looking, but if you could please swallow your pride and do whatever it takes, we would be grateful. After all, this is your one and only chance for any sort of affection from another person. And we all desire affection. Even ugly children desire acceptance."

Hearing enough, she bit her lip to keep from talking. Sara nodded her head and closed the door to the carriage. Her body felt numb. She knew all about emotional rejection; it was her cross to bear, but to be reminded by one's own mother time and time again was the worst pain imaginable. Turning her head toward the window, she pulled her knees up to her chest and sighed. Aunt Tilda reached across and patted her hand much like a stranger would do to comfort a small child.

"No fear, my girl, I have a grand plan. A plan even you can't ruin." She smiled cheerfully before putting a covering over her eyes and going silent, most likely to sleep.

It's an adventure, it's an adventure, Sara kept repeating over and over again in her head to keep herself from crying. Being mortified in front of her family because of her looks she could handle, but being humiliated in front of the ton was quite another. "Dear God, if you can do miracles, I ask for one right now. Make me pretty; make me loveable. I don't care if I let my family down, I just don't want to feel this way ever again." The stress of the day overwhelming her, she drifted off to sleep.

Chapter Two

Nicholas Devons, seventh Earl of Renwick, was exhausted. Though only a measly thirty years of age, at this moment he felt ancient, as if his name should already be appearing in history books. One always did at debutante balls-how many had he seen in the past few years? And how many more would he have to endure? His title demanded he do his duty by attending. Not only was he required to attend, but he also must dance-and dance he would, because it was expected of him.

Overbearing mothers clad in glitzy dresses stared at him heatedly, leaving him feeling like he was in the fires of Hell itself. Actually, at this moment he wished he were anywhere-no matter how hot and torturous-but here. It was a nightmare fit for one of those fairy storybooks his nieces so often begged him to read at bedtime.

He rolled his eyes when yet another mother approached with daughter in tow. "My lord," she bowed lower than her dress should have allowed, considering her bosom nearly fell straight out of it, and smiled, revealing yellowish teeth better suited for a horse. "Allow me to present to you Lady Alisa." The young girl, who looked barely old enough to be out of the schoolroom, was complete with the new French style of dress which hardly left anything to the imagination. Her hair, pulled into tight ringlets around her head, was dusted with so much powder, he couldn't actually tell her real hair color. Her lips were large and painted with rouge, and her eyes had so much kohl on them, she looked like a raccoon.

Bending over her hand, he cursed his rotten luck and brought her shaking fingers to his lips. Her 'look' was probably a ruse. Her hair must be some disdainful color for her mother to go to so much work to cover it up. A pity, really. If she wore less face paint and powder, she might be attractive. Might being the key word.

"My lord." She bowed lower than her mother, which Nicholas thought nearly impossible, and smiled revealing straight white teeth, although quite small and not fitting for her large mouth. Her gums seemed to stick out more than her teeth, making Nicholas stare longer than usual. Lady Isabel, the mother in question smirked, taking the purpose of Nicholas's stare as encouragement and pushed her daughter into his reluctant arms. With a huff of satisfaction she said.

"If you'll just excuse me then," and without an other word scurried away without looking back.

And so it happened Lord Renwick was stuck with this untamed and amiable creature called Alisa. "Is this your first season?" he asked politely while leading her to the dance floor.

"Yes." Blush crept into her cheeks when she bowed before him and took her place in the dance. Talking to this woman was his own version of torture. It was why he never talked to women; naturally, they never really had anything intelligent to say.

The dance ended a painful two minutes later, leaving Nicholas displeased with his new acquaintance. She was-what was the word? Oh yes, boring. He bowed deeply, taking her hand in his own and brushed a light kiss across her glove. Her hand trembled at his touch. He controlled the urge to smile. Had it really been so long ago that he had been the famous rake of the ton? Taking innocent girls into darkened rooms and locking the doors behind him. Now that he was really thinking on it, the girls he took pleasure in were hardly innocents. They were basically begging him with their eyes to bed them, not that it gave him any right to do so. He hadn't truly known then what it was like to be religious or a strong believer in a higher power. Most of the ton looked at Christianity as a cult, not realizing it was the one true way to Salvation. Since his days frolicking around with married and unmarried women of the ton, he had come to realize it was better that he not give into the lustful desires of man.

No, he would be like the disciples. He would stay single and donate his money to charity whenever possible. Controlling his impulses was never his strong suit, but in the past year he found it easier and easier if he just stayed away from the more tempting of the female sex. They were, after all, extremely frivolous. Were the debutante balls not mere examples of the idiocy of the ton? Families spent fortunes in the name of their daughters' debuts, hoping to find them a good match. Many of them aimed for viscounts, earls, and even dukes, though the last were extremely hard to come by these days. Most dukes were overweight, over-brandied versions of Nicholas' own grandfather and not the marriageable type. It didn't stop the mothers from pursuing the match, though it should have. They still threw their young girls at men twice their ages for a title. The whole thing made him ill. He may have a reputation, but at least he didn't marry for money. Not that he needed it.

The Earl of Renwick had enough money to support more than one wife and a mistress, even if they all had children and houses of their own. He had a thriving mercantile business as well as old money that, thanks to his ancestors, continued to double and triple with the years. It seemed the more money he gave away to charity, the more money he had. It was an endless pursuit. At one point, he thought to bankrupt himself just so he could be free of the sins of his youth, not that it was all that long ago.

He sighed and walked to the edge of the dance floor. Sir Belverd was waiting for him with a smirk on his face.

"How old was that one?"

Lord Renwick held back a smile. "Oh, I believe this is her first season. She can't be more than one and seven."

Sir Belverd took a sip of champagne. "It seems they just keep getting younger and younger."

"Or we keep getting older," Nicholas finished.

Belverd chuckled. "Yes. Well, my friend, at least some of us have a mind to settle down. What are you now? Almost past your thirtieth year and you still have no wife or children?"

Nicholas hated this type of conversation. He knew Belverd meant well; after all, Belverd had married the most chaste and wonderful woman in the entire ton. Men with his luck had natural bragging rights.

"Marriage isn't for me," he answered, putting his own champagne down. It had suddenly gone dry in his mouth. He knew he was lying to himself saying marriage wasn't for him, but he just couldn't see a way where lust and love met in the middle. If he ever did marry, he would want her to be innocent enough to not push him past his physical limitations, and sweet enough to be a good mother. It was a nearly impossible find, considering his present company. Plus, any good Christian woman would be disgusted by his past. He didn't deserve anyone good and didn't desire to marry anyone as blemished as he.

Belverd obviously didn't take that as an adequate answer and went on talking. "Renwick, one of these days, you're going to find someone who turns that brooding head of yours, and when it happens, I'll be standing right where I am now, relatively," he waved his flippantly into the air, "and laughing. Yes, the day I see you fall to some poor woman's feet, I will throw a ball in your honor."

Nicholas lifted an eyebrow. "Big words and promises from a man such as yourself."

"How about a wager then?" Belverd turned toward him with a devious look in his eyes. A head taller than most men, he had silver streaks running through his otherwise jet-black hair. His eyes were a grayish blue, giving him an intimidating yet calculating presence.

Intrigued. Nicholas raised an eyebrow and turned to full face Belverd. "What sort of wager, Friend?"

Belverd shifted on his feet and whispered, "If you can stay single this season, and this season alone, without any sort of scandal or a marriage, I'll give you the feather."

Nicholas's eyes widened in surprise. "The feather? You're just going to give me the feather?" The feather-an actual feather, highly prized by the group of gentlemen-represented one's rank and station above the rest of the men. It had been passed amongst them to the gentleman who achieved a great victory or won a wager. The man who possessed the feather could ask a favor of anyone, including Prinny himself, and it would be granted. It was an honor highly sought after in Nicholas's circle of friends.

Nicholas didn't even have to think about it. He was, after all, going to live chaste for the rest of his days, and it wasn't as if some girl would suddenly appear in the ton who would change that for him. He was more likely to be struck by lightning. He smiled and shook Belverd's extended hand. "You, my friend, have a deal."

Chapter Three

Sara jolted awake as the carriage rumbled to a stop. A hand shook her shoulder roughly, and she opened her eyes groggily to peer out the carriage window.

"We have arrived," announced her aunt, slicing through Sara's somnolent fog and jerking her abruptly into the present reality. It wasn't just a nightmare. This was really happening, and it frightened her out of her mind.

She quickly moved to the carriage door and took the hand of the footman to step down. Her first glance at her aunt's townhome gave her pause as she disembarked the carriage. It was located on a row of extravagant mansions, and still it stood out as breathtaking in its magnificence. Just how wealthy was her distant aunt?

As if she heard her thoughts, Aunt Tilda suddenly turned. "Don't gawk, girl. It isn't becoming of a lady. Now hurry along inside. Drake will show you to your chambers. I'm sure you will wish to freshen up before the modiste arrives."

Sara stared at her blankly, a modiste? She would get dresses? Just how many dresses would she have? Her insides turned to jelly in the realization of how completely out of place she really was.

"Oh, and Sara?" Sara turned as she stepped over the threshold of the magnificent house.

"Yes, Aunt?"

"Do remember to refer to me as Lady Fenton. We're in London after all. Addressing me in such a familiar way is frowned upon."

"As you wish," Sara said. Venturing further into the house, the first thing she noticed was the sheer beauty of the place. The walls were adorned with expensive paintings and moldings of Greek mythological creatures. The floor was engraved marble and shined to perfection. Even the servants were better attired than she.

She should have felt self-conscious, but she spent her life being stared at and told she was ugly, so why would she feel any different in this situation? The servants working in the great hall bowed to acknowledge her as Drake led her to the stairs where a petite lady's maid about the same age as Sara offered a brief curtsy.

"Miss Ames, this is your maid. She will direct you to your room," the old butler instructed her.

"This way, my lady."

Sara had never been addressed as anything but her Christian name; it was odd being showed a sort of honor, as though she really was a lady and above the station she actually possessed. She silently followed the young girl up the stairs and gasped as her eyes rose to the huge chandelier hanging above the middle of the stairway. It appeared to be plated in gold and reflected light from the outside windows. The stairs seemed to extend indefinitely, until they finally reached the hallway, and Sara was led all the way to the back corner room.

"This room is yours, my lady. I will return later to help you get settled, but for now you will want to prepare for the great Madame Francois. The bath has been drawn for you." She curtsied and turned to leave.

"Pardon me? Who is Madame Francois?" Sara asked hesitantly.

The girl's eyes widened in surprise, she cleared her throat and answered. "You don't know? She is the most sought after modiste in the country, Miss."

"Oh," was all Sara could manage in reply before she was rendered otherwise speechless upon entering her room. She froze. It was blanketed in purple velvet. The luxurious bed sat nearly as high as her waist, something she had never seen before. The windows were large and opened onto a balcony overlooking a beautifully maintained garden. An ornate gold mirror faced the bed as if to taunt her. She stepped up to it hesitantly and sighed. God had not performed a miracle. She was still...unique, or as some people described her, wicked-looking. Though she didn't know what was so wicked about black hair, except that it wasn't considered as comely as golden tresses.

Her skin was dark, but she thought it complimented her hair quite nicely. She opened her mouth to examine her teeth as her aunt had done. They were white and straight, something out of the ordinary for anyone in London, especially young girls.

At least I have my teeth, she thought.

She pulled off her dusty morning dress and eased herself into the bath that Davina had prepared. The stress of the day seemed to melt away. Grabbing the soap, she washed her body slowly, methodically, and then allowed her eyes to close in relaxation. It wasn't until she heard voices down the hall that she knew she had fallen asleep for the second time that day.

Sara put on the nearest robe when a tall French woman burst into the room. Her face was wrinkly like paper but her eyes had the brilliance of crystal blue water.

"Let us have a look then," Madame Francois said in a thick French accent. "Oui, oui, I understand." She pulled Sara's shoulders back as she pushed her toward the mirror. "We shall cut here, and here." She motioned at Sara's hair then toward the bottom of her hem. "She will look, how do you say, foreign?"

She said it more as a question; it was then Sara realized she was speaking to her aunt. Her aunt sighed heavily. "Do you think it will help?"

"Bah!" Madame yelled. "Help? Who am I? Am I not Madame Francois? She shall be exquisite, the talk of the ton."

Aunt Tilda seemed unimpressed. "Well, get on with it then."

"As you wish," came the clipped answer.

Nausea swept over Sara, and she was ready to lose whatever measly food she had eaten that day. How could they cut her hair? Her long black hair? How could that possibly help?

Madame Francois leaned in behind her in the mirror. "Your face is too thin to hold such weight. You need to be free." And with that she took scissors to Sara's hair and cut. Sara covered her gasps with a fist and cringed as she watched her once waist-length hair topple to the ground. What was left now hit just below her shoulders in dark waves.

"C'est magnifique," Madame mused. "Some natural curl-the men will go wild, no?"

Sara closed her eyes sorrowfully as Madame continued to measure her. "How many gowns?"

Her aunt named an outrageous number, as well as a riding habit and some walking dresses. "That should be enough," she finished with a nonchalant wave of her hand. Madame Francois made some notes on the measurements, then kissed Sara's aunt on both cheeks and left the room with a curt nod to Sara in the mirror. Sara watched the retreat of Madame's reflection, then her gaze fell upon the bed behind her.

A dress with stockings, a chemise, and a beautiful ribbon lay there.

"Madame happened to have a few dresses she could spare until she finishes with yours. Your first ball is tonight. I need to assess your behavior and how much work must be done. You may as well know, I plan to ask a distant cousin of mine to undertake your training for presentation to the ton. He is the best, after all. I just hope he's willing to take you on."

Sara swallowed a sob. Of course he wouldn't be willing. She was ugly, and who would willingly spend time with her?

"Oh, stop feeling sorry for yourself, gel. You are not that ugly." The pause in her voice sounded almost tender for a moment, but Aunt Tilda quickly recovered. "Listen-this distant cousin is, well, he used to be somewhat of a rake, but now he is reformed and sworn a life of celibacy. It's like pulling teeth even to get him to speak to a woman, let alone teach her how to dance."

"To dance?" Sara squeaked.

"How else are we to find you a suitable husband?" Her aunt snorted. "Obviously, they won't be falling at your beautiful feet because of your face-surely you know the truth by now. But if I teach you grace and poise, and put you in a somewhat compromising situation, well ...you'll be perfect."

Her aunt smiled wickedly, revealing teeth like a predator. "Get dressed!" She commanded as she excused herself from Sara's chambers.

Sara didn't like the sound of a 'compromising situation' and feared she would not escape the season without a black mark on her reputation. Perhaps she would even be ruined-not that her mother would care, as long as she married well.

Turning to the task at hand, she put on the beautiful clothes and looked in the mirror once again. What was so ugly about her? What made people despise her so? Her own family couldn't look at her; her sisters mocked her behind her back; and her own father thought her worthless. Nothing could be done about that now. Resolutely, she put on a brave face and walked gracefully out of her room and down the stairs to take tea and explore the house. After all, this was supposed to be an adventure-that mindset would be the only way she could live through what she had to do tonight. Attend her very first ball.

***

The cool spring breeze stung Sara's nose as the footman helped her out of the carriage. The mansion in front of her was like nothing she had seen before. Laughing couples entered through the main doors toward the bewitching music inside.

The people of the ton were going to eat her alive.

"Wipe that outrageous look off your face! You have a mask!" Lady Fenton elbowed her hard in the ribs then handed her a black domino. Sara donned the mask and followed her aunt into the hall.

"Whom may I announce?" the man at the door asked.

Lady Fenton leaned in and whispered something to the man. With a quick glance at Sara then back at Lady Fenton, he gave a curt nod and announced them.

"Lady Fenton and her niece Lady Sai Ames."

The unexpected announcement of the position coupled with the surprising new name caused Sara to inhale sharply. Her aunt, sensing Sara's tension, tilted her head toward Sara and whispered. "It makes you seem more foreign. Trust me on this. And you are every inch the lady. You have only to act like one, and they will believe it. You never know, perhaps you have some distant aristocratic blood of which you are unaware."

Sara doubted that, but she followed her aunt pressing on through the crowd. The people around her seemed only mildly curious. For that she was thankful.

***

Nicholas felt like getting absolutely foxed. Three women had tried to seduce him in the past hour. Three!

Gone were the days of men leading unsuspecting women into the courtyards or gardens to look at the stars. These were the days in which women, seeing exactly what they wanted, brazenly manipulated and lied in order to elicit a marriage proposal.

The sweat on his brow was proof that one of the three almost succeeded, when he led her back into the ballroom after a tumble down the stairs. She had been whispering incentives into his ear as her br**sts purposefully brushed up against his arm.

Women.

Now he was hiding in the hallway like some criminal waiting for the opportune moment to leave without causing a scandal. Apparently, the bet was going to be harder than he had imagined.

He waited ten minutes, then slowly came out of the shadows, taking every precaution to glance behind him for another lady lying in wait.

His arm bumped something irritatingly soft. Abruptly he turned and came face to face with the greenest eyes he had ever seen. Two perfectly cut emeralds stared right back at him. He began mentally preparing his rejection speech when the girl, hands trembling, stuttered an apology and tried to run away. From him.

Not the other way around.

Odd, that he would miss being stalked. He stepped in front of her before she could make her hasty retreat. "It's quite alright, Miss. May I assist you with something?" His words sounded almost believable, yet his eyes were too accustomed to his rakish habits and appreciatively scanned her delectable form from head to toe.

She paused then and smiled, nearly knocking the wind out of him. It was criminal for a girl to have such straight white teeth. "I just..." she began, then put her hands on her hips, drawing his attention back to the line of her body. "I just wanted to get away ...You see, I'm new to all of this, and I felt..."

"Overwhelmed? Objectified? Bored? Judged? Really take your pick of any of the above. I assure you, one of those words has to match what you're feeling just about now." The girl offered another blinding smile and leaned closer.

If she leaned any closer, he was going to have to do something about it. Old habits died hard.

"Thank you," she said, eyelashes fluttering.

"Of course. Is there anywhere I may escort you?"

The bedroom perhaps? He shook his head to get rid of the sinful thought.

She looked nervously down at her feet, and then shrugged. "I don't really know if that is the best idea. I've been told I should be careful with whom I associate."

"Ah yes, the ruined reputation rumors rear their ugly heads." He knew it was a valid concern for any young debutante, but surely this woman wasn't launching into society. She had to be somebody's mistress. Yes, that was it. He took another look at her hair and dress. Confound it! How had he not seen it before? Of course she was someone's mistress. She was foreign! Nobody in the ton had a complexion that dark.

"Where is your protector, sweet?" he drawled, not at all embarrassed of the husky tone his voice had suddenly taken. Surely a woman of this type was accustomed to this sort of attention.

"My protector?"

"Yes, the man who... Well, the gentleman who pays for your protection and other things." He waved his hand in her direction, waiting for her coy response.

"Sir, I do not know what you mean." Her eyes took on a fiery glint. "I assure you I'm here with my aunt."

"Oh?"

"Yes!" The mask on her face shook as her face fell into a tight nod. "Furthermore, it's entirely improper for me to be discussing such things."

"Because you're a lady?"

"Exactly." The innocence of her answer made his knees go weak. If she didn't belong to anyone, and she truly was accompanied by her aunt, then he was flirting with danger. Yet he couldn't curb the impulse to reach out and touch her smooth skin. As his fingers reached the delicate curve of her neck, she stiffened.

Yet he continued, determined to feel. The air seemed to still between them as his fingers gently caressed the delectable area. Her sigh was all he needed to press further. Allowing his body to close the distance between them, he brought his other hand to her shoulder and pulled her closer.

"I should be going," she whispered, but her eyes never left his. The invitation was easy to read. She was as entranced as he was.

Praying someone would stop him before he thoroughly ruined the girl, he paused, then without any further thought, he brushed his lips against hers. The response he received was undeniably innocent, weakening his grasp on reality. He pulled loose a few tendrils of hair, rubbing them between his fingers. It was like spun silk. And his mind swam with the mere thought that all he need do was compromise the poor thing, and he could spend the rest of his days and nights running his fingers through her hair.

His nagging conscience was the only thing keeping him from pushing further, for the poor girl seemed to be melting in his grasp. And then her back stiffened.

He recoiled, expecting a slap. Instead she gasped, throwing her hand over her mouth and let out a whimper so pitiful he wanted to be shot on the spot. Really, somebody should have held a gun to his head for taking such advantage.

She looked blankly at him then shuddered, "I don't know what came over me. I apologize, my lord."

Perfect. Now she was apologizing for being attacked. He was an absolute cad.

"I must go, I'm-" She turned away breathlessly, then glanced back. "I'm terribly sorry, I-" Her hand rested on her heaving chest making his knees go weak all over again. "-must be going. I apologize. Please don't tell my aunt. Please don't tell anyone."

And before he had a chance to speak, she was running down the hall into the ballroom, and Sir Belverd was bellowing toward him like a prize bull. "Who was that delicious creature, Renwick? You wouldn't happen to be...cavorting around with the girl?"

A blinding anger burned though Nicholas unlike he'd ever experienced. How dare anyone try to ruin the poor girl's reputation!

Apparently you just tried, nagged his inner voice. He shook out the thought and slapped Belverd on the back. "Imagining things again, old man? I'm celibate, remember? And, need I add, extremely competitive?"

Belverd chuckled and followed him into the ballroom. Though he searched, Nicholas never found the girl again, and that night she plagued his dreams. He had to get out of London before he went crazy. A trip to the country was just what he needed.

***

He awoke the next morning with a blinding headache, thanks in part to the beautiful siren who played in his dreams all night long. Whiskey would have been a good breakfast, except Lady Fenton, his distant cousin, was apparently already waiting for him in his study. What she could possibly want, after all these years, was beyond him.

Nicholas bounded down the stairs as loudly as possible, disregarding his own cranial pain, because Lady Fenton was the second loudest person he had ever known. He always took great personal pleasure in making her eardrums ring as badly as his own did whenever she addressed him.

"Ah, my dear boy. How are you?" Lady Fenton greeted him with a facade of kindness and kissed him on the cheek as if they had been in constant association since the incident.

"To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit, cousin?"

"Straight to the point, I see." She twisted an innocent handkerchief in her skinny hands. The unfortunate object of her frustration would be lucky to make it out of his study in one piece. "I need your help."

Had he been drinking, he would have spit out the liquid in a coughing fit. Help? She needed help? Since when did Lady Fenton need anything? It was always he who had needed her, until that dreadful day when they had chosen to discontinue their association outside of ton events. "How may I be of service, my lady?"

"A favor."

"Fine." Trying to keep his voice calm, he went to sit at his desk. "What would you like me to do?"

"My niece is in town for a while, and I'm to launch her into society. After last night, I realize she is in dire straits to acquire etiquette and an ability to interact with the people of the ton. Frankly my dear, without your help she'll more than likely follow some young man down a long hallway and ruin herself. She's quite innocent, you understand, and has spent the whole of her life in the country."

A smirk played on Nicholas's lips. How odd that a similar occurrence happened last night to a young lady at the masquerade. It would be good to keep those two away from each other considering they were both so trusting.

There was an uncomfortable silence, and the room seemed tense with unspoken sentiment. Things which had been hidden in the chasm between the two of them for years threatened to explode into the silence. He couldn't very well deny his cousin after all she had done for him. "I sense this is not so much a request as instructions for when to arrive at your residence?"

"I would never force you to do anything against your will, Nicholas, but I would be most grateful if you would agree to my request." Her demeanor expressed an uncharacteristic solemnity which spoke volumes to him. It was important to her and within his power to grant. How could he say no?

"Shall we say this afternoon?" he questioned.

With that, Lady Fenton pushed out of her seat and clapped her hands together. "Thank you, Nicholas! Thank you!"

Ordinarily, no one dared to utter his Christian name. Lady Fenton was the only exception, but she hadn't resorted to using his name in years. It pained him to hear it flow so easily from her lips now, when in the past it had been uttered as a curse.

"I will have her ready. Oh, and Nicholas?" she added as she walked toward the door.

He lifted his head in feigned annoyance.

"Do try not to fall in love with her."

His bitter laugh should have been answer enough, but the strange look in her eyes gave him pause. So he added, "Believe me, marriage is the last thing I want from anyone." Of course she would know that. She knew everything. How long would the sins of his past haunt him?

Sadness seemed to wash over her face, and she nodded numbly. "This afternoon then, Nicholas. I'll see myself out."

Nicholas went straight to his liquor cabinet and poured a brandy. Unfortunately the familiar sting of alcohol did nothing to squelch his churning stomach. How could he have been so stupid?

He had kissed the girl!

In a darkened hallway.

Without a chaperone.

Blast! He slammed his empty cup onto the table, and for a moment, contemplated allowing his head to follow suit.

After all he had been through-would he never learn? Weren't his past mistakes enough to keep him from pursuing any type of woman? Let alone one who reminded him so much of his mistakes. The same innocent kisses, the same captivating laughter-all the things which led him down the path of destruction. The path which forever changed his life.

At least his tutelage of Lady Fenton's niece would be a welcome distraction. Hopefully now he wouldn't be spending his nights in sensual torture thinking about what he could have, or would have done had he found that beautiful creature the night before.

No, he was better off alone. The sooner he moved on with life, the better. Plus, who was to say the chit his cousin had taken under her wing wasn't going to be at least mildly amusing? One could only hope.

Chapter Four

After two days in her aunt's house, Sara had arrived at three conclusions. One, the viscount never showed his face unless it was mealtime. Two, her aunt had more money than she knew what to do with. And three, there was absolutely nothing to do in this God forsaken house. She asked if she could go for a walk, but apparently proper young ladies did not walk about unchaperoned.

Not that her parents had minded in the least that Sara went for walks on a regular basis. In hindsight, it was probably in hopes that someone would kidnap her and relieve them of the burden of having to feed an extra mouth.

Negativity really wasn't her forte, but being as bored as she was, she couldn't help it. Her aunt hadn't any books either! What was one to do? Sit and sew? She would probably poke an eye out. Her parents hadn't wasted any time or effort on her education. Everything she knew was from watching her sisters' lessons and reading. All in all she was self-taught. She had no talent to speak of, therefore had no music to practice or pictures to draw. The only highlights of her country life had been daydreaming in the fields, walking, and writing her own stories-all of which, according to aunt, were unacceptable.

She let out a long sigh as she slowly descended the stairs, hoping to pass away time with her methodic walking. This day was to be the beginning of her high society training with the mysterious cousin. All morning her aunt drilled her on the finer points of how to walk with her head held high, smile behind a fan, eat with the right utensils, and curtsy like a courtesan. She would inevitably explode from sheer tedium. What she wouldn't give for a field to run barefoot in and a novel to keep her warm at night. She felt incomplete without the written word; although, it was good for her to study Scripture more lately. It was like a balm to her wounded soul, especially considering the events of the previous night. How she had managed to get herself in that predicament was beyond her. She had already been compromised after her first night! If her aunt ever caught wind of the incident, she would be furious!

Just then, her aunt's booming voice echoed through the hall, mingling with the unmistakable low voice of a man, which sounded like warm honey. It was deep and velvet. Just listening to it felt like a caress to her heart. She braced herself for their meeting, knowing that one look at her and any man with such a voice would most likely flee, or worse-he would pity her.

***

Nicholas was having a difficult time recalling exactly how he had gotten himself into such an unsavory situation while climbing the stairs to Lady Fenton's door. His cousin had a way of pulling favors from anyone which made even the strongest of men bow to requests. In this case, however, she didn't hold a favor over his head. It was her mere presence reminding him of the past, and her honest solemn plea for his help, making it impossible for him to deny her the favor. She needed a gentleman who would know the ton well enough to coach her young protege, but who was also wise enough not to touch her.

Lady Fenton provoked him enough to accept, but now he also felt challenged. She had the audacity to warn him not to touch the girl, as if he would actually fall to woman's feet just because she was attractive, or as his cousin put it earlier today: devastating-whatever that meant.

Lady Fenton's old steward met him at the door and announced his arrival to the woman of the house, who sashayed briskly into the hall and offered her hand in greeting. Nicholas kissed it perfunctorily. "You look radiant as always, cousin," he crooned.

"Thank you, my dear. I see your eyesight hasn't improved. We will set up in the drawing room. I believe my niece is waiting there for us. Will you follow me?"

They made their way to the first floor drawing room. Lady Fenton spoke interminable of her plans for the girl's debut. He shook his head as his cousin went on and on. Did women never tire of such sport?

She led him into the drawing room.

He froze and stopped breathing all at once; it felt as if the air had been sucked from the room. He took one look at the girl and, for old times' sake, swore under his breath. He immediately asked for forgiveness in his heart as his eyes caressed the girl sitting before him.

She seemed tense, almost as if bracing for some sort of impact. Well, I would probably behave the same way living in this mad woman's house, he thought. Then he stole another look at her.

It couldn't be.

No.

But it was.

Hell. He was in his own personal Hell. Only this time there was no escape, because sitting in front of him was the same girl he had mauled in the hallway the night before. And by the look in her eyes, she recognized him, too. A deep blush swept from her chest all the way up that neck his fingers had burned to touch. Yes, God was punishing him and doing a thorough job.

"Sit straight, my dear!" Lady Fenton scolded.

"And so it begins," he grumbled under his breath. He strode over to the girl and kissed her hand quickly. His lips held the tingling sensation long afterward, and it was a good five minutes before he could think logically again.

His cousin droned on interminably about the coming days, and he couldn't help but allow his eyes and thoughts to wander back to the poor creature seated before him. No doubt she would be eaten alive by the ton. She was too beautiful for her own good. She wore no face paint, not that she needed it at all. Her dark lashes naturally extended further than most women's and were thick, almost dewy looking. Her lips were pale pink, the color of a fair rose. Her skin was dark, but it framed such a beautiful jawline that one hardly took notice. Her eyes, the same beautiful emeralds from the night before, were like a burning furnace of emotion. She would quite easily have her pick of any man she desired.

It had to be a test from God to be put in the same room as this girl. She is a debutante just like all the rest of them, he kept reminding himself over and over again until he thought he'd go mad.

"Shall we start with a waltz?" Lady Fenton asked, no, it was actually more of a statement. He paled as he looked down at the girl.

"Don't just sit there," his cousin bellowed. "Get up! Your looks are no reason to act unapproachable or mute!" The outburst jolted Nicholas, and he glanced quickly to the girl on the settee.

She looked like she had just been struck, yet a certain intelligence hung behind her eyes, making him feel as if he was in for a lot more than lessons. It was obvious she had a temper, even though she concealed it quite well. It would behoove him to remember that in case he accidently provoked the poor thing.

An image of her chasing after her aunt with her fan entered his mind; he cleared his throat to mask the chuckle trying to betray his amusement and held his hand out to her. She eyed him reluctantly before accepting it. Her touch sent familiar sensations shuddering all the way down to his toes; it was like stepping into Dante's Inferno. How long had it been since he experienced this depth of attraction? Oh yes-around twelve hours. He had gone two whole years without any hint of scandal or misconduct, yet one simple touch from this maiden was enough to undo him.

Nicholas led her gently to the middle of the room. He bowed casually before asking, "Are we sure this dance is appropriate for Miss-" He looked down at her in question. Ironically, Lady Fenton failed to make the proper introductions, or he somehow missed the name of the beauty.

"Sai. You may call me Sai," she informed him in a smooth sultry voice. He nearly moaned in agony. How could he have forgotten her voice was that of a temptress? Had he not already determined he was in Hell? Might as well add her voice to the list of completely spell-binding tortures she wielded.

She curtsied uncertainly before him, bowing her head slightly forward. A few tendrils of her velvety black hair fell onto her forehead, escaping the hairpins. Impulsively, he reached forward and brushed the wandering strands from her face, shocking himself and Sai, leaving both of them staring at each other as if the sun had suddenly stopped shining.

He coughed again self-consciously and grasped her hands in his own. "Is this your first waltz, Sai?" Small talk. That will make it less awkward, he reasoned with himself.

Her eyelashes fluttered instinctively down. "Yes, my lord."

"You don't need to address me so formally."

"Oh, yes she does!" Lady Fenton flared from the side. "Now, both of you, a little closer."

He groaned inwardly while pulling Sai closer. Any closer and I'm going to compromise her right here in this room with her aunt watching. He swallowed hard and continued to hold her close. The heat between them escalated by the minute, leaving him smoldering in a cold sweat from his effort to avoid looking in her eyes.

Against his better judgment, he pulled her a little closer and whispered into her ear so Lady Fenton couldn't hear, "You may call me Nicholas. All of my friends do. And you will need a friend when she launches you onto society at the end of the week." Of course, his friends never used his real name, but Sai didn't need to know that, and his heart yearned for the familiarity it would give them.

Not without difficulty, Nicholas drew back to an appropriate distance. The electricity between them was hypnotizing, and his head swam in its dizzying effects. It would be so easy to forget they were not alone in the room and linger closely in her intoxicating presence, but under the circumstances, it would be most inappropriate-and for him, dangerous.

A hint of a teasing smile danced in her eyes, as she took her turn to lean forward. "I would not to give the impression we are more than just acquaintances. Using your Christian name, I fear, would do nothing but compromise your integrity. After all, Lady Fenton tells me you have sworn off the female sex in light of religion."

Biting her lip, she ended the dance with a curtsy, her eyes sparkling.

Dumbstruck, he didn't know whether to bow at her feet or beg her to marry him right then and there. Then he remembered the feather. He wasn't going to lose the bet just because some wild-eyed temptress batted her eyes at him. Nicholas knew it wasn't her fault he starved himself of women these past two years, but what he needed was to get away from her before he lost more than just the bet.

"That was lovely!" Lady Fenton pulled the cord for tea. "The two of you will do just fine at the ball this Friday, I'm sure of it."

Nicholas gave her a sharp look. "I'm not sure I understand what you mean."

"Of course you do!" she snapped. "You're escorting Sai to the ball. Did I not tell you as much when we discussed the arrangement this morning? You must guard her virtue! I am acting as chaperone, and you are acting as her personal bodyguard. Who else would be more suitable for the task than a reformed rake of your reputation?"

Sai lifted an eyebrow. "Reputation?"

"My dear-and forgive me, my lord, for being so blunt-" Nicholas didn't have time to answer before she went on, "You are dancing with one of the most notorious womanizers of the ton. He only recently turned to religion and swore off marriage, but until then it was common to see him with married and unmarried alike. Isn't that right, Nicholas?"

He sighed, watching his chances fly out the window. Not that he wanted a chance, but if he had, it would be gone after that statement. "Your opinion of me, dear cousin, is most enlightening. No wonder I have sworn off females."

She stepped back as if stung and pulled the cord again. "Honestly, what is wrong with the service in this house? I'll be just a minute. Nicholas, work with her on etiquette." And then Lady Fenton was out the door, taking all sense of propriety Nicholas once felt with her.

"I'm sorry she said that," Sai said sweetly as she took her seat.

"I'm afraid everything she said was true," he replied. Might as well be honest since he would be spending time with her. "I can assure you that being with me will not tarnish your reputation. As she said, I am reformed."

"From what, exactly, are you reformed, my lord?" she inquired, leaning toward him with her slender body in perfect view of his piercing eyes.

He forced himself to relax. "To put it bluntly, I am reformed from taking physical pleasure from whomever whenever I please. I have found religion; I do not take it lightly and will not be swayed to ever bind myself to another."

Though by her downcast look he realized it was only pity, Sai's smile sent his heart hammering through his chest. Was she trying to call his bluff? Could she sense the effect she had on him?

***

Could he sense the effect he had on her? It was horrifying to be so blatantly attracted to such a rake. No wonder he warmed the beds of the ton, with his easy eyes and deadly smile, he had her even forgetting her own name. She did her best to calm her ragged breathing and flashed him a smile to show her ease at being in the same room with him, even if her body still felt sensitive where his hands had touched her. How silly to be affected so much, he had barely been holding her, yet she felt like the most beautiful woman in the room-even though she knew it wasn't true. A man of his nature, especially a man of his nature, knew beautiful women. After all, he had scandalously bedded many of them. He wouldn't waste his time on Sara even if he did go back on his oath, not that she wanted him to.

The previous night had obviously been a mistake. Although she could tell by his reaction, he knew exactly who she was, she had swallowed her pride when his face paled at the sight of her. Naturally the mask she had worn covered most of her flaws, and the hallway had been extremely dark. He probably thought her beautiful then, but now, ever so wicked and ugly. All she had to offer him was friendship, though her heart begged for more.

Sara looked up to meet his gaze and realized they had been having a somewhat intelligent conversation regarding his decision not to marry before her mind wandered off and ruined the moment.

She started again, "So, you do not want children?"

Something flashed across his face before he looked away and answered, "Every man wants an heir." He pushed a thick lock of chocolate hair away from his brow and smiled deeply. Sara felt heat burn to her cheeks. His eyes were crystal blue, one could almost see through them, if that were possible. It was a stark contrast to his dark brown, hair making it almost hypnotic to gaze in his direction. How did people do it? How did people act normal around this man? How was she supposed to act normal around someone so purely male? He was to escort her to her first ton event, the only chance she has to win her family's approval and secure their future, but she couldn't remember a blessed thing her aunt had taught her. The only thing her brain could focus on was his hair brushing along the crisp white cravat. Surprising how Lord Renwick openly mocked society with his untamable long hair. An unsuspecting jealousy arose, her hands itching to feel the silky chocolate locks between her fingers that blatantly taunted her.

He seemed to notice her break in concentration and came to sit beside her on the couch; she scooted to the side, so their thighs would not touch. "I'll be with you every step of the way on Friday. It really is painless, I promise you that. They'll poke at you, prod you, make you turn circles, make you dance with dukes twice your age, and when the night is done, I'll escort you home and feed you chocolate."

Laughter bubbled out of her before she had time to stop it. She put two fingers over her lips and sighed, "Wise choice with the chocolate, my lord."

He swallowed slowly as he leaned forward; she knew that it was wrong, but like a magnet she drew in toward him as well. How brave and improper he was! He reminded her of the dangerous men in the books she read; however, her body was not responding with stirrings of alarm, only cravings.

His warm breath blew across her face paralyzing her where she sat. "Lesson number one; never let a man get this close to you." Not knowing which direction to look, she cast her eyes downward. The space between them was non-existent, slowly her eyes rose to meet his just in time to see him lick his lips and draw even closer. Shivers ran down her spine as he brushed his hand across her cheek tilting her head to the side as if waiting for her permission. Yes, her body screamed, for what, she didn't know. All she knew was that with his warm hand cupping her face, all logical thought flew out the window. His smile turned seductive as he grazed her lip with his one finger then chuckled and pulled back.

Words wouldn't come, so she merely nodded her head and allowed the usual blush to creep up to her cheeks. "I understand."

"No," he said drawing back and straightening his cravat. "I don't believe you do." The room suddenly turned chilly.

Was he angry? Now he paced in front of her. "Men of the ton do not care what you look like, nor the station of life you come from. They want only one thing when they see a woman walk into the room. Do you understand what I am saying to you?"

She couldn't even nod her head. What had she done? It was as if he was a different man-cold, unresponsive and angry, but she couldn't tell if he was angry at her or himself.

His back was facing her, she heard him mumble something resembling a swear word in French. He turned back to face her and approached her yet again on the couch. All his walking made her dizzy. "Sai, you can't allow a man to get you alone or to get near you at the ball. There will be no going down dark hallways, no looking at the gardens or the stars. None of it. Do you understand?"

Of course she understood. His regret about the previous night-their rendezvous in the hallway-weighed on him. He was just sparing her feelings by not mentioning the specifics. It was his way of saying it was a mistake. She was a mistake. And he didn't want any of his gentlemen friends to find themselves trapped with someone as hideous as she.

"The last thing you want is to be compromised by someone you do not wish to marry, or worse, someone who does not wish to marry you."

She licked her lips and forced a smile. "I understand, my lord. Believe me when I say, I have lived with the reality that no man would want me for a wife for a long time. So please know, I also understand no man in his right mind would want to lead me away from a group of people just so he could compromise me. I thank you for forthrightness."

His face paled as he mumbled yet another word under his breath. "I must admit I'm at a loss, Sai. Who ever told you these things?"

What was he getting at? Did he wish to further humiliate her by bringing to her attention, yet again, how utterly disgusting her face was? Or how men would wish to compromise her only to humiliate her? She bit her lip and looked at his cold blue eyes. "Everyone I've ever known."

His eyes widened as if the information somehow shocked him, but before he could prod further they were interrupted by Aunt Tilda, followed by the tea.

"How are things progressing?" Her aunt clasped her hands and smiled. "I do hope Lord Renwick has taught you some useful information?"

"Indeed," Sara muttered.

Lord Renwick was still mute, leaving her to believe she had made her point and put him in his place. He deserved to be there. No stranger had the right to tell her what she could and could not do; surely he didn't think she would take it well that he also thought her plain and ugly. To even joke about a man taking her into a darkened hall was enough to make her want to cry. If only for the reason that she dreamed of such passion since she was a little girl-not that she would do anything to cause her parents embarrassment, but what would it be like to be escorted to the gardens at night, or to be caught in a stolen embrace in a dark hallway?

Last night her fantasies came alive. Now it felt like the dream was shattering before her eyes. Wasn't the prince supposed to be madly in love with the princess? The storybooks never spoke of the prince apologizing to the princess for embarrassing her.

Her daydreaming soon took over; she didn't even notice the room darkening.

"I must take my leave." Lord Renwick rose from the couch and bowed to her aunt. "Lady Fenton, it was a pleasure. I look forward to Friday." He turned toward Sara and smiled, whatever had passed between them was obviously gone. "Sai, thank you for the lovely time. Please be ready for my carriage at six o'clock on Friday." He brushed his lips across her gloved hand but didn't release her hand until he squeezed it a little too long and hard. She meant to pull back, but just like before she felt clumsy and frozen in his presence. He left the house quickly as if to escape.

"Most peculiar," her aunt mused, sipping her tea.

"What is?" Sara asked.

"Lord Renwick," Lady Fenton answered.

"I don't understand your meaning, my lady," Sara countered.

"Oh, it's nothing. It's just..." She tilted her head to the side. "I don't believe I have ever seen him behave in such a scatter-brained manner. He seemed positively unhinged."

Sara grunted in a very unladylike manner before she answered, "If that's Lord Renwick unhinged, I would hate to be on the receiving end when he was...hinged."

Aunt Tilda laughed. "Don't hold your breath, my gel. Women still flock in droves just to get a glimpse of his face. When he is-how would you put it-hinged, he is one of the most persuasive men in the country. Even more so than the Prince Regent himself."

Chapter Five

Entering his carriage, a stream of swear words escaped from Nicholas's mouth. "My lord?" his footman asked curiously before closing the door to the carriage.

"Drive," he ordered through clenched teeth. What he needed was brandy and lots of it-not that it would help push away the memory of Sai's face, but it would at least numb him for a few hours. He knocked on the door and yelled for the footman to stop at White's.

By the time they wove through the other carriages, Nicholas had calmed down. "Never mind, just home."

The carriage took a quick turn through the park and headed toward Renwick House. By the time he reached his street, his head was pounding. He wanted to stab something with his sword just so he could release some of the aggression he felt. Normally when he went through this type of emotional turmoil, he would summon one of his highly paid courtesans to...make a friendly visit, but since his reformation he settled for tea and his Bible, even though nothing would make him happier now than letting out some of the aggression he had sworn for two years to keep in.

What was wrong with him? And why had he upset Sai? He thought he had been playing the role of protector; instead she thought him insulting and making fun of her. Was she fishing for compliments like every other female he knew? Or was she really under the impression she was not beautiful?

How could she not see it? Her own reflection? Did she not own a mirror? Preposterous. Lady Fenton herself told him she was devastating. Why on earth would Sai believe otherwise? He picked up his Bible and sighed. She really was like every other woman-taking offense just because she could, and fishing for compliments because he would be the one giving them.

Curse all females, he thought as he blindly sent his teacup shattering against the wall. He was acting like a spoiled child, but he didn't care. Sai was everything he swore he would never give into again. She was beautiful, smart, and-unfortunately for him-also a master of manipulative arts. Impossible that she didn't know the effect she had on people. That would be like saying he didn't know the effect he had on people. If the Prince Regent himself commissioned Nicholas to woo royalty, he knew he could pull it off without a hitch-and probably secure enough gold to feed a small nation.

Nicholas rested his head against the chair. He liked his life. It was simple. He was rich. He gave to charity, not to mention totally reformed of his old ways. He didn't deserve a maiden, and he didn't want a seductress like Sai. What he really wanted... no, what he needed was to live in the country away from temptation.

He sat up quickly. The answer was so simple. After he escorted Sai to a few more balls he would be free to leave. He would go to the country, perhaps retire for a while, maybe find a country woman who would want to marry him and give him children. Someone away from the influence of the ton. He had lived enough years within their deadly grasp; why not move to the countryside? Where did Lady Fenton say she had family? It was somewhere in the countryside-maybe she had a distant niece he could marry, someone who understood life.

He smiled for the first time in an hour as he thought of his new country bride. Naturally he would wait until after he had the feather. That would mean he would need to court in secret, but affairs of the country were never discussed during the season. Granted, it wasn't that he technically wanted to take a bride, but it was the next sort of step for a man like him to make. He didn't want to marry but it was his God given duty to produce an heir and be able to carry on his family line even if he was set against it. A quiet country mouse was just what he needed. Especially if that country mouse took his thoughts away from the siren he was having to spend every waking moment with.

He would have the feather, an innocent untitled bride, and freedom from his lustful desires. All he needed now was to make sure Sai took in the ton. Hopefully she would set her cap on someone straight away, so he could be free to leave her side. He was no protector of virtue and didn't know how long hers would stay intact with him constantly watching her. As it was, he felt like he undressed her with his eyes merely by smiling at her. He shook the thought out of his head and pulled the cord in his study. There wasn't enough tea in the world to get ride of the stirring of feelings he felt at the moment.

***

"Sai!" Her aunt's voice rivaled her own mother's, and if ever she doubted their relation, it was now confirmed, however distant it might be. Sara had not slept well. In fact, she hadn't slept well since her unfortunate meeting with Lord Renwick. He was unnerving and possibly the most attractive man she had ever met. Naturally he would invade her dreams, but did he have to invade every waking thought as well?

She stumbled out of bed, and with the help of her lady's maid, donned a riding habit that left little to the imagination. It was tight enough to show off what little curve she had and clung tightly to her bosom-which her aunt had pointed out, was her best and only asset. She pulled on her gloves and went down the stairs.

"My dear, we have a change of plans." Her aunt was in an elaborate ball gown saying something French to the woman nearest her. "My gown is to have crystals sewn onto it!" Her voice gave away her excitement making Sara smile for her. "I must stay here." She didn't look Sara in the eye, instead she said, "Oh, and Lord Renwick is waiting for you in the study. He has graciously consented to escort you to the park for an hour or so to aid you in familiarizing yourself with some of the more famous of the ton."

Sara wanted to scream. Wasn't it bad enough she had to be escorted by him to the ball, now she had to spend even more time with the man? She held her tongue and smiled. "Shall I be off then?"

Her aunt looked up from her dress. "Well, hurry on."

Sara did a quick curtsy and walked into the study. Lord Renwick's back was facing her, giving her adequate time to size him up. His pantaloons tightened over thickly muscled thighs, and her eyes traced up his velvet coat and smoothly pressed shirt. His hair was a little unruly, possibly from the ride, but it gave him an air of danger she had grown to admire about him.

He turned quickly, meeting her gaze. She dropped into a curtsy and heard him sigh as if annoyed by her presence "Lady Fenton informs me she will not be joining us?" He was glaring at her.

"No, my lord. That is, she was planning to come but has a pressing matter to attend to with her modiste. If you would like to reschedule, I'm sure-"

He cut her off with a wave of his hand. "Surely you don't think I am afraid to be alone with you?" He smirked in her direction. His moods seemed as unstable as her breathing.

She backed up into the wall. "Of course not, my lord. That wasn't my intention. I was merely thinking it would be unwise to be without a chaperone."

His eyes flashed with anger as he walked quickly toward her. He stopped inches from her face. "I am not the one you need to be worried about."

"So you've told me," she answered boldly.

His eyes widened as an amused smile broke out on his face. He dangled his hand in front of her. "Shall we?"

"Lead the way," she muttered somewhat sarcastically. He obviously caught her disdain and laughed ironically.

"You don't like me," he announced rather smugly once they were facing each other in the carriage.

She scowled. "Whatever would give you that idea, my lord?" She smiled sweetly at the end, possibly sealing her fate as his least favorite person.

His eyes crinkled at the corners giving him a cheerful look. "Have I offended you?"

"When have you not offended me?" she retorted impulsively, thinking about the masquerade and the insults of the day that followed.

At that he laughed a little too hard for Sara's liking. His expression sobered when he saw the disdain in her eyes. "My dear, I am trying my best to help you. Tonight would be trying for the most normal of girls."

Her stomach lurched. How often was this Adonis to remind her of her contrasting plainness. "And I'm not normal." She said it without emotion as she looked into his icy gaze.

"No," he finally answered. "You are not." His voice was strained.

"I understand." She looked down at her hands and played with her gloves. A change of subject was needed. "How long will we be in the park, my lord?"

Nicholas looked confused about the subject change but shrugged his shoulders in response, "As long as it takes."

"As long as what takes?" she asked.

He smiled brightly. "You'll see."

Minutes later, he was helping her out of the carriage. Several people were walking through the park arm and arm, and many more single ladies with chaperones were chattering away. As she linked her arm within Lord Renwick's, a blanketed hush fell upon the once chatty people of the ton. They whispered; some men smiled at her wickedly. Naturally they must think her ugly, too. She tried to brave a smile but found it terribly trying. After about ten minutes, Lord Renwick abruptly stopped the walk and turned toward Sara.

"Hold still," he muttered through clenched teeth.

It wasn't difficult for Sara to oblige. After all, he was yet again only inches away from her. Whenever he was near, she felt positively paralyzed with a nervous sensation in her stomach.

"I'm going to lean in," he warned without looking at her. His words were hot on her ear. "When I say now, I want you to slap me."

That was not what she was expecting. "My lord?" she whispered. Why on earth was she to slap him? Was this some sort of sick game?

"Trust me," he said again into her ear. And for some odd reason she did. "Now," he instructed.

Without a second thought, she sent her hand flying across Lord Renwick's cheek. He wasn't braced for impact like she had expected, and he nearly lost his balance; he grabbed her arm to steady himself then swore. "Blast! Sai! I didn't mean for you to kill me!" His face bore the blazing imprint of her hand.

Sara smiled behind her hands as they covered her mouth. It felt good to slap him, and he really did deserve it. She looked around and was shocked to find every single person in the park staring at her. How did they know what was even happening? Before she knew it, Lord Renwick was guiding her back into the carriage, still holding his crimson cheek.

He was glaring at her as the door closed. "I said slap, not imprint your hand onto my face," he snapped.

She smiled sweetly. "Oh, I'm sorry, my lord. I must not have heard you correctly. You did instruct me to slap you, did you not?" She masked her sarcasm with the most innocent face she could muster as his eyes darted between her mouth and her eyes.

"No, you-" He didn't finish. Instead he huffed like a little boy who was just informed he wouldn't be allowed to stay up past his bedtime.

"I what?" she prompted, leaning forward.

He rolled his eyes and crossed his arms. "You slap hard for a chit."

"Strong words from a man who merely a few years ago bedded half the ton, don't you think?"

The look in his eyes should have made her squirm. They nearly went black with rage, then suddenly taking on a gentler illusion, he turned away and ground out, "I'm sorry I called you a chit." The words were sharp-edged, but it was the best apology she would receive.

"And I'm sorry I hurt you," Sara conceded, leaning against the window frame.

His head shook as if to contradict her, but he said nothing. Instead he rubbed the still red spot on his face. "Where did you learn to hit like that?"

Laughing quietly she announced, "I slap trees." She was flirting. Odd, because she wasn't aware she knew how, but that was exactly what was taking place. She should be more careful. The man sitting across from her reeked of danger, yet she couldn't help but tease him. It's not that it would do any harm. After all, she was ugly and he wasn't the least bit attracted to her.

His eyes sparked a bit as he took his hand off of his face. "Trees? You slap trees? Whatever for?"

"Well," she said leaning forward and scandalously pulling off her glove-something she was told by her aunt never to do. "A woman's hands are very delicate."

Sara looked up and noticed his eyes were positively smoldering back at her. Must he always be so angry? She was having a bit of fun. Joking would be good for him.

"And?" he asked hoarsely.

"And," she said lifting an eyebrow in interest, "If a girl slaps trees, it helps toughen the hands up. It also builds strength, so when a certain girl is approached by a certain rake, she has the strength to..."

"Torture him?" Lord Renwick interjected, though the look in his eyes told her he wasn't talking about the tree anymore.

She leaned back as if stung and quickly put her glove on. Somehow the tables had turned. What started as harmless flirting now felt like extremely dangerous territory. Her own heartbeat slammed in her chest, and as rapidly as it was beating she was sure he could hear it too.

He licked his lips. She couldn't help but watch as he bit his lower lip in thought. Desperation was not an emotion she was fond of, yet in that moment, she felt desperate for his lips to meet her own.

Lord Renwick cleared his throat, "Interesting...methods." His voice was back to normal.

"Are we still talking about trees?" she asked innocently.

"What else would we be talking about?" he sneered.

Lord Renwick's eyes followed her hands like a cat follows a mouse. Was he thinking about her being ungloved? Wasn't that most improper?

***

It was bad enough Nicholas could still feel the heat from Sai's slap; she had surprised him, and he hated being surprised. Except for the small fact that she was the one delivering said surprise, and although his cheek stung like a mad hornet's nest, he couldn't help but admire her small hands and her spunk.

When she took off her glove he nearly passed out, and he wasn't one to go weak in the knees. Her hands were delicate flowers, but it was a misconception that they couldn't pack some strength; in fact, he was convinced she was the only woman he knew who could successfully give a man a black eye. The thought made him smile; he would like to see this young woman resort to violence tonight. It would be most amusing. Then again, that would mean she would actually have to touch another man, a thought Nicholas hadn't come to grips with just yet.

She was flirting with him shamelessly; although, she was so skilled at it, one hardly knew whether to laugh or cry. His emotions were altogether unstable whenever she was near. One minute he was calm, the next he felt like someone set him on fire, he was so angry. Then in the next instant, he felt such a blinding attraction for her he was paralyzed with muteness. He put his hand to his face again and sighed.

He shouldn't have called her a chit. Normally he would flirt back, but she frustrated him to no end. Sai was a carrot dangling in front of a horse. She was what every man wanted, but only some, the titled some, would be able to acquire. Though her blushing told him she was a mere maiden, her behavior spoke of something else entirely.

He groaned out loud, then realized she was still looking at him.

"Is something wrong, my lord?"

"Renwick, at least call me Renwick," he said.

She smiled chastely. "Renwick, are you well?"

The look in her eyes was stunning; she really did care, even if she had been the one to cause his pain-all of it for that matter, the emotional and the physical. Sure he felt physical pain in his cheek, but he also felt pain in his legs, in his back, in his neck... his heart. It shamed him that he ached so wickedly for her. He would be bad for her; his lust would destroy her. She would think it passion, but he knew what he was. Men hardly married someone they were both attracted to and loved. It wasn't done. Plus, this woman was no innocent. She may be a maiden, but...something hard lay behind her facade, something he hadn't quite figured out.

"It looks like we have arrived," she said, fumbling with the edges of her gloves yet again; my, she was nervous.

"So we have," he answered, helping her out of the carriage. He momentarily forgot his place and allowed his hands to circle around her waist as he helped her down. It was a stupid mistake. One he paid for dearly when the heat from her body hit him full force on the ground. He awkwardly stared into her eyes, before he heard someone clear their throat.

Lady Fenton stood just a few steps away with an odd smile on her face. "Did it work?" she asked, not greeting Sai.

Reluctantly, he released Sai's waist. "Yes, of course, my lady."

Lady Fenton stepped toward him, sashaying her hips; it was tiresome how women put on a show for him. "It appears she got you pretty good, did she not?"

He rolled his eyes; he had enough humiliation for one day. "Just ask her about the trees." And with that he was in his carriage shouting that he would call for them at six.

"Trees?" Her aunt looked at her curiously.

"I have no idea what he means," Sara fibbed. She pushed past her aunt and ran up the stairs to her room.

Chapter Six

She heard her aunt yell after her to start getting ready. She opened her chamber doors and gasped with delight. A large tub filled with hot water and oils awaited her, she nearly split her own dress in a hurry to get into the water.

By the time her dress was off, she was positively elated. She dipped herself into the water and took a deep breath. She would most likely fail in her mission to find a husband so her family would have money. Who would want her anyway? It didn't mean she couldn't enjoy small pleasures before the rejection was finally enough to send her back into the countryside.

Thinking of the upcoming ball, she closed her eyes. She had never been but heard she needed to attend or she wouldn't receive invitations to people's houses or parties, and she needed those invites if she hoped to gain a titled husband.

The thoughts swarming in her head felt jumbled. The emotions were confusing when her body was within Renwick's proximity She constantly fought an inner battle of one minute wanting to hit him and the next wanting to kiss him, but she had never been thoroughly kissed and only wanton women went after men in that manner. It would, however, shock him; though if the smoldering look in his eyes was any hint as to how he would react, she would be better off not inquiring if he would be a willing participant. A shudder went through her, Nicholas Renwick was not to be trifled with.

Why was she thinking of him at all? He was not her future husband. True, he was wealthy and titled, but also a self-professed reformed rake, never to marry again, plus half the women in the ton still desired him, and many of them were married! Her own aunt seemed mesmerized by his presence; if he ever chose to marry it would most likely be royalty, not some untitled lady from the country.

Before she knew it, the once hot water had grown stale and chilly around her body. She reluctantly stepped out and wrapped herself in the beautifully woven robe she found by her bed. Two short knocks on the door announced the arrival of her aunt's maid who curtsied and explained, "My lady, I'm to help you get ready for the ball."

Sara smiled. "That would be so kind of you. I fear I don't even remember how to dress in such elaborate clothing!"

The maid smiled and helped her begin with the chemise.

"What's your name?" Sara asked.

"My name?" The maid's eyes widened in absolute shock.

"Well, I should like to know what to call you," Sara offered.

The maid fumbled with the clothes laid out in front of them. "My name's Davina."

"Nice to meet you," Sara said smiling warmly. Davina smiled gayly as she pulled out the corset.

"Isn't that a bit, um... small?" Sara asked. She had never seen a corset so scandalously little and tight.

"Oh sorry, miss. This is the new French corset. It is much more comfortable than the whalebone corsets which have been gracing the ton. Many of the ladies will be wearing these particular corsets tonight; although, only a few can get away with them, considering they do not hold much in." She turned red and began helping Sara finish dressing.

Davina was right. Sara looked into the mirror and gasped. She was wearing a blue ball gown with a revealing low neckline. It was one of the gowns Madame Francois had discussed with her; however, she wasn't aware it would be so low cut. She felt almost nak*d. The corset she wore also did nothing to hide her tiny waist, but it did accentuate her hips. It was short and light for a corset.

She liked the way the fabric flowed freely from her hips. In fact, the dress didn't appear like a French style at all. Looking in the mirror, Sara felt very much like a Grecian princess she read about in her books.

She smiled into the mirror as Davina dressed her hair. "Would you like me to add some kohl to your eyes, my lady?"

Sara shrugged her shoulders; it couldn't make her any uglier. Davina rubbed her eyelashes in kohl then took out some rouge and painted her face. "You look beautiful."

Sara knew this was a moment in her life she would never forget. It wasn't that she actually believed Davina, but the fact Davina said it so honestly left her with some small hope it might be true. It was the first time anyone in Sara's life called her beautiful. She held her breath to keep from crying. Smiling at Davina, her throat constricted painfully. "Thank you."

She turned to look at herself in the mirror when another knock sounded at the door. Davina rushed to open it. Aunt Tilda strolled in and twirled her dress for Sara. "Isn't it divine? It's positively shimmering with crystals!" Aunt Tilda looked thrilled, but Sara was appalled. That dress could feed a small country-it was worth a fortune! Why not just donate the dress to her family, so she doesn't have to suffer through the season?

Her aunt looked at her strangely. "That's hardly the reaction I was hoping for, my dear. I do say! Well, don't just stand there gawking. Hurry along. Lord Renwick is waiting."

***

Nicholas took a deep breath as he was let inside Lady Fenton's home. It was embarrassing how long it took him to get ready. Normally he didn't spend this much time dressing. Today it took him four hours. Granted, he'd ruined at least seven cravats in the process, not to mention torn a hole in his pants after tripping over his own shoe. This in turn caused his groom to ask him if he'd been drinking. He wished. At least it would give him an excuse for his odd behavior. The title of perpetual drunk did have a certain ring to it, but then again anything was better than "lovesick schoolboy." He shuddered at the thought.

Nicholas's valet, who seemed to get more irritated by the minute, went into the large closet and chose for him. The room was dark, fitting for his current mood. The last thing he wanted to do was leave the comfort of his large home to escort temptation itself to the ball.

Lifting his eyes heavenward, he prayed for strength and donned his tight black silk breeches, a long velvet coat with blue and gold seams, and his finest French silk shirt. The arrangement defined dark and dangerous. Hopefully Sai would get the hint. He tired of the drab clothing he had been wearing for the past two years. It served its purpose of allowing him to blend in with the rest of the ton-but tonight, well, tonight he only wanted one person's attention, however suicidal that may be. He heard someone approaching and turned around.

His immediate reaction upon seeing her was to cough.

Then swear.

His heightened sense of arousal did nothing for his already nervous demeanor. Adjusting his pants, he let out a ragged exhale. He really shouldn't have worn such tight breeches. What in the blazes had he been thinking?

No one would find him guilty of any coherent thought at the moment. His mouth dropped open when Sai made her entrance and twirled in a circle to present herself for Lady Fenton's approval.

Oh, how he loved twirling.

Her hair was piled around her head in a beautiful adornment of crystals. The longer he studied her the more he realized she looked like a Greek goddess-like Aphrodite herself. Everything about her screamed perfection, she smiled and curtsied. He had to put his hand on the back of the chair to steady his own shaky disposition. He felt faint....again. That would be twice in one day. She was not good for his newfound faith in a higher power. Lead me not into temptation, but deliver me from evil... he prayed silently, trying desperately to bring some semblance of control back into his melting composure.

It became painfully obvious in that moment, one of two things would happen this night. Either he would die from unsatisfied lust, or he would beat to death the first man who laid a hand on her.

The thought of the other men brought with it the sudden impulse to immediately cover Sai's exposed chest with a napkin, or a table cloth, or better yet, his own hands-anything, just so other men wouldn't take notice. But how could they not? Her low cut gown profoundly accentuated her perfect br**sts. Yes, her skin was dark, but it cast a bronze glow from the vast expanse of skin, merely adding to the effect of the perfect likeness of Aphrodite.

"Perhaps you should take a moment to compose yourself, Nicholas," Lady Fenton whispered stepping between him and Sai.

His pride also took a blow when he realized his apparel didn't have the same effect on Sai as hers did on him. She merely smiled and followed him to the carriage. He decided he wouldn't allow her to touch him lest it completely undo him; not that he wasn't already in that exact predicament. It's only because he didn't have a wife, or a mistress, or any sort of spirit stronger than wine in his possession at the moment. At least that's what he told himself when he looked longingly across the carriage. She wasn't wearing one of those awful contraptions that women often did when they wore ball gowns, in fact if he were a betting man he would say she wasn't wearing a corset at all, or was she? He leaned over to her side briefly to determine the answer to the mystery, but she turned and locked eyes with him.

"Find what you were looking for?" she asked mockingly.

He cleared his throat. "I thought I saw a spider," he stammered. His stupidity was nothing short of legendary this evening; never had he been so at a loss for words.

"A spider?" she replied. "Really?" Her tone patronized him like a mother catching her son in a ridiculous lie.

"It was a large spider," he insisted.

A large spider? He shook his head and longingly looked out the window wishing for any sort of distraction to keep Sai from pursuing the conversation further.

The lips of her mouth turned up into a smile. "Well, that obviously changes things."

He crossed his arms. "I agree."

"After all," she continued, "large spiders need to be captured immediately. How dare they go skittering about in nature? From the bottom of my heart, I thank you for your concern over my welfare; my, if you are so concerned with a spider, just think how you will protect me at the ball!"

He mumbled something inaudible and prayed the carriage would swallow him whole. He seriously needed to rethink the whole perpetually drunk idea.

They arrived at the ball not a moment too soon.

Sai's eyes were fluttering all over the large house. "Who lives here?"

"The Duke and Duchess of Cavens," he answered, bored by her question. Everyone knew who Cavens was. Just how far away from society had this girl lived before coming to stay with her aunt this season? He shook his head and helped her out of the carriage, careful to avoid any direct contact with Sai's exposed skin.

"Wait!" She pulled on his coat stopping him in his tracks.

"What is it?" he asked, suddenly concerned. Was she to be ill? Was she nervous?

"What's our association?" Her skin pinked with embarrassment.

He knew he needed to tread lightly; she had a temper, and he didn't want to prolong their season. His goal was to find her a match tonight. "What do you mean?" His tone was surprisingly even and affectionate.

She looked at him strangely. "Well, we are arriving alone without my aunt. I know she is just a carriage behind us, but when we are presented...I mean to say, how shall we be announced?" she stammered.

He tried to hold back, but he couldn't help himself. A hearty laugh erupted from him, and with it drained all the tension he had been fighting since the evening began. She was adorable.

"Sai, we are old family friends. Because of today, people believe I have tried to use my rakish wiles to seduce you. Against my better judgment might I add? More than likely you will hear nothing but gossip about me tonight, along with indignant mothers throwing their more handsome and more innocent titled sons your way." Not feeling the need to also explain to her that although he hated being used in this way-he would do it all over again if it would keep Lady Fenton from speaking the truth.

She bit her lip in annoyance. "You mean to tell me that you insisted I slap you earlier so they would throw themselves at my feet?"

"As they say, or have said," he corrected himself. "Not even a married woman would turn me down. And you, my lady, already have; therefore, your reputation precedes you." He held out his arm to her, which she accepted, and then promptly she stomped on his foot.

He cursed in frustration before pulling her back into his chest. "What was that for? I don't believe that was a cue for you to kick me!"

"It wasn't!" Her face was wild with anger. "I'm sorry; I guess I just can't control myself around you-you-you-" She was stuttering again. He loved her this way. "Rake!" she yelled, tightening her hands into tiny fists. He remembered her slap from earlier and backed up a little. "I can't believe you would deceive me like this."

He had no words. What could he tell her? Anything he said would only serve to upset her further, especially if she knew the hardest thing she would have to do was yet to come. She was about to be introduced to society. And he was to be hanging on her arm. An interesting night, indeed.

Both of her dainty hands were still clenched in fury. He would have laughed again had he not already experienced the sting on the receiving end of those hands. His cheek ached on cue.

"I'll tell you what," he said channeling his more diplomatic side. "Let's just survive tonight, and when it's all over with, if you haven't found a husband-or if you somehow embarrass yourself because of me-I'll let you slap me and-"

"-and you'll be my slave for a day," she interjected, surprisingly cheerfully.

"Deal," he agreed. No reluctance in his voice. He would pay to follow her around, not that he would ever utter a word of it to anyone. "Shall we?" Offering his arm to her again, he felt his own heart begin to pound and suddenly grew scared for Sai. It was hard enough being of ill reputation as he was, but what would it be like as fresh meat for the ton to feast on?

Sai took his proffered arm and nestled her delicate fingers in the crook of his elbow. He couldn't help but admire her spunk. On the outside she looked as calm as any of the ladies of his acquaintance. It was almost as if she was used to people gawking at her, but then again how could she not be? She was breathtaking. In fact, she looked so good in the dress she was wearing, it made him want to curse out loud and stand in front of her like some sort of guard dog, warding off any unwelcome advances.

Nicholas methodically led her by the Duke and Duchess. Best to get the introductions finished before Sai decided to faint at his feet. Everyone bowed, and then things started going south. The duchess stepped out, took one look at Sai and laughed; she had the audacity to laugh!

"My dear," she had her gloved hand over her heart as she spoke. "It looks to me like you've brought yourself a little pet." She smiled curiously at Sai while inspecting her thoroughly from head to toe. Nicholas rolled his eyes, willing the night to end right then so he wouldn't have to face any more aggravating females.

"Your Grace." He bowed again. "This is Lady Sai. She is a guest of Lady Fenton, her aunt."

Sai curtsied and flashed a devastating smile. The Duke's face took on a purplish red hue as he stammered nervously about how beautiful her name was, after which the Duchess elbowed him directly in the ribs-possibly because he was acting like a fool. It was the perfect exit strategy.

"Sorry about that," he murmured.

She kept her gaze forward but responded, "What just happened?"

He sighed; his past always was such an inconvenience. "She once tried to seduce me."

This made Sai laugh so hard he was forced to stop in their tracks, so she could regain her composure. "Are you quite done?"

"Never." Her sparkling eyes met his in brief interlude then abruptly turned away.

He took her arm again and felt himself laugh a little, too. "I didn't return her advances."

"Poor Duchess," Sai sighed wistfully. "She was probably humiliated beyond repair."

He looked at her curiously, "What do you mean?"

Sai licked her lips. "I meant no disrespect, my lord-"

"Renwick or Nicholas, never 'my lord'," he corrected.

"Nicholas." His name sounded like honey on her lips. "But considering your reputation, it must have been a great blow to her pride for you not to bed her. I know that sounds terribly rude but..."

He interrupted, "No, you are absolutely right."

"I am?"

"Don't get used to it," he chuckled, and suddenly they were in the ballroom. It was one of those moments people wrote about in books or plays. It seemed even the music stopped as they entered. Lucky for Sai, she wasn't aware this wasn't customary, making Nicholas feel more at ease. Her hand, however, was clutching his arm so tight he would have bruises in the morning.

"Be brave." The words came out in an emotional whisper into her hair.

She looked up at him with her huge eyes and smiled. He wanted to cry in return. He was escorting her to a ball so she could find a husband... as in another man, not him. It suddenly hit him, and his chest tightened as though he had had the wind knocked out of him. She would be in another man's arms by the end of the Season, maybe by the end of the evening. Her kisses would be reserved for that man and that man alone; her arguments, too.

What he wouldn't do just to argue with her for the rest of his life. He looked back down at her perfect face and choked back the words he longed to say. He wanted to take her into the darkened hallway. He wanted to seduce her in the gardens and ruin her reputation for good. But she was not good for him. She was manipulative; he needed to remind himself of that fact before he lost all control. She knew she was beautiful, and beautiful women were not faithful. If there was one thing he was sure of, it was the simple fact fidelity was rare. Married people strayed, and the good-looking ones usually strayed toward him. No, he refused to put himself in that situation.

He watched as more eyes locked on the sight of the two of them. His chest swelled with pride that Sai was on his arm-until he caught sight of Sir Belverd.

Sir Belverd lifted an eyebrow in his direction. Nicholas scowled and rolled his eyes."Please. Nothing could induce me to lose the bet."

Belverd shook his head and lifted his glass into the air to salute Nicholas for being so brave. Nicholas wanted to stab him; instead he returned a polite smile and led Sai onto the floor.

"Any perspective suitors, Sai?"

"Hmm?" she asked looking up at him. Was she even paying attention?

Apparently noticing his frustration, she sighed. "I'm sorry, I just... It's a lot." Her voice held no confidence whatsoever, so he decided to bolster her esteem a bit.

"You are not like most girls," he crooned into her ear as they danced together. "Hold your head high, and be brave. I'm sure you've been stared at all your life, this should come as no shock to you, should it?"

She shook her head no, but the light in her eyes seemed to dissipate.

"I need you to..." He twirled her quickly and brought her back in, "...put on a brave smile, because the Duke of Kenmore is on his way over, and he needs an heir. An heir you can give him." On cue, the Duke presented himself and gracefully took Sai out of Nicholas's hands.

He felt nak*d.

The warmth from Sai's back faded quickly from his hands, leaving them cold and clammy, and noticeably empty. He needed a drink, a very stiff drink.

"They will be perfect together," Lady Fenton's voice whispered next to him. "I inquired of his status earlier today. He needs an heir, and lucky for Kenmore, Sai is young enough to do the job."

"He's older than my father." Nicholas snorted. "Do you really think a girl like Sai could stay with a man like that?" He gestured toward Kenmore.

Balding slightly, Kenmore had a bit of a pot belly, most likely from over-consumption of brandy. His smile seemed nice and proper, but it never reached his eyes. His skin was papery and wrinkly from the many years he had lived. All in all, he wasn't the talk of the ton for a reason; he was, simply put, ugly. He was also quite rich, making him one of the most sought after bachelors, right up there next to Nicholas.

He watched in fascination when Sai smiled at the old Duke. It made his blood boil, and he wasn't usually prone to physical violence.

"Need this?" Sir Belverd suddenly appeared at his right, an amused smile on his face.

Nicholas glared. "If you think I'm going to lose the bet, you're sorely mistaken." Lady Fenton sauntered off when she heard the word bet, which made Nicholas rest easy she had no inclination of the feelings Sai evoked in him.

Belverd took a long drink of brandy. "What would ever give you the idea my faith in you is wavering?" His eyes twinkled with laughter, making Nicholas all the more annoyed. He grabbed the brandy Belverd offered, tossing it back like milk. Forcefully, Nicholas handed the cup back to him and stalked outside to the gardens. Although still early, he'd seen enough for one night. Protector or no protector, he had no intention of standing idly by watching the Duke and Sai begin their courtship.

***

Sara knew the moment Nicholas left the room. Her body began relax in the Duke's arms. She finally felt free to dance without being watched. She had been apologizing profusely for tripping over his feet, but he was kind enough to tell her a joke about his first ball. Apparently, he had grabbed a woman's wig during a dance in order to break his own fall. Sara giggled with delight at the anecdote. He was an old man, older than her own father, but he seemed kind. She liked that about him. However, she couldn't really see herself conjuring up romantic feelings for him. He was more like a grandfatherly teddy bear, and thinking about him made her want to hug him. Not...well, not do other things with him.

Nicholas had left a handprint on her back, unfortunately. The place where he held her burned, and every move she made, it felt like her body mourned the absence of his. Almost as if they'd been designed from the beginning of time to fit together. The thought made her uncomfortable, to say the least. He would never choose her, why would he? She tried to smile and focus on the duke, but felt her lips freeze when Aunt Tilda offered a rare approving nod from where she stood.

The dance ended, giving Sai the escape she needed. She excused herself from the duke politely, and made a swift exit for some fresh air, relieved when nobody seemed to notice her take her leave into the gardens. She glanced back to confirm no one had followed her, and then bumped into something hard.

That something uttered a word she could only assume was not fit for her ears and turned around.

"Nicholas?" she asked perplexed. When did he go outside? She knew he left the room but figured he had joined some of the gentlemen elsewhere; instead he was here. Outside. Alone. With her.

He looked equally shocked. His eyes narrowed toward her and then the door. "What are you doing out here?" He sounded angry. Why wasn't that a surprise anymore? Although to tell the truth, he was as enticing angry as when he was calm. He had the most handsome face. His jawline was clenched and a muscle flared across it as if he was trying to bite his own tongue.

She pushed past him and walked off the beaten path to a tree. "I can't dance."

"Everyone can dance." She could almost feel him rolling his eyes in annoyance.

"I can only waltz," she said, echoing his irritated tone. "It's the only dance I've been taught. I felt nervous, so I came outside for some fresh air. Is that all right? Or am I not allowed to do that, oh loyal protector?" She turned around in time to see his head snap up. His eyes smoldered with irrational anger.

In two strides he was in front of her. "Do you think this is a game? Do you know how dangerous it is for you to be walking around outside by yourself? Any man could have his way with you out here." He shut his eyes and pinched his nose. "I don't want you to get hurt."

Sara sighed and lowered herself onto the bench beneath the tree. "Did you know that no man has ever even tried to kiss me?" She corrected herself then uttered, "I mean a real kiss, not a pity kiss, or a kiss out of curiosity, or even a kiss from a family member. A real kiss. I guess I don't even know what one would feel like.

He looked surprised. He also sat down, which she thought was probably a good sign.

"I always wanted to be kissed, wanted to see what it felt like before..." She let her voice trail off mournfully.

"Before what?" he asked. His voice was gentle, sensitive. The sound of it sent her heart fluttering rapidly.

She plucked several blades of grass and played with them absently before she answered. "Before I'm married off to a man older than my grandfather."

"You know," he said, turning to face her. "Many women would be thrilled to become a duchess even if it meant marrying a man twice their age."

She sighed. "I know, but I can't help but wish to marry someone who will love me for me. Someone who will love me enough to be loyal." She hesitated a moment, trying to decide if she should continue. Then asked the dreaded question she had been pondering all night. "Do you think he will be loyal to me?"

Her question seemed to take Renwick off guard. Breaking eye contact, he glanced at the ground then back at her. He seemed to be weighing his response carefully, and after a long silence he answered, "Sai." His voice was strained. "I think any man would be a fool to betray you, and that's the absolute truth."

He hadn't said she was beautiful, but he didn't need to. He said what she needed to hear, that she was a treasure worth keeping, someone worth marrying. It was enough to make her sob, but instead of tears her moment of weakness produced bravery.

"Will you kiss me?" she asked boldly.

"I'm sorry, what?"

"Never mind. It was stupid. I'm sorry." Sara stood to leave, but he grabbed her arm and pulled her down upon his lap in one smooth motion. She was afraid to make eye contact, afraid a look in his eyes would vaporize every ounce of bravery she possessed. What right did she have to ask this beautiful man to kiss her? As ugly as she was? Pain surged through her tightening chest, as fear grasped her. She was scared. Sara had experienced rejection before, but what if Renwick were to reject her? It would kill her, she was sure of it.

He's kissed you before, her heart reminded her as she waited for his response. She wasn't throwing herself at every available man. The fact that they had already shared a kiss, albeit brief, made her feel more vulnerable. What if she was so terrible the first time that he didn't want to repeat it?

Renwick licked his lips and bent toward her face. A shudder went through her as the heat from his skin grew closer to her lips. Closing her eyes in anticipation, she waited for the inevitable. And nearly cried when his lips brushed lightly across her forehead rather than where she wanted them the most. Sara's heart sank. How did he not understand that wasn't what she meant? Her eyes fluttered open as she began to protest, but he silenced her with a finger. His eyes turned black, and she couldn't pull her gaze away if her life depended on it.

He smiled teasingly and kissed her cheek. Again she opened her mouth to say something; this time he chuckled and silenced her in the same way. She felt dizzy. He was toying with her, she knew it-why would he waste his time kissing everything but her mouth? Wasn't that how kissing worked? She had only kissed her parents on few occasions and mostly on the hand or cheek.

She bit her lip in frustration as he kissed her other cheek. Then his entire face seemed to darken with hunger. His lips touched hers, almost as if he was asking permission. She didn't know what to do-was she to push back, or open her mouth, or...? Her mind became a jumble of incoherent thoughts. Only one thought was clear when she felt how soft his lips were against hers. Kisses with the duke would never be like this. And her heart broke.

"Sai," Nicholas whispered with ragged breath.

"What?" She leaned back, but he gently put a hand behind her neck and pulled her head to his again.

"I need you to--."

She opened her mouth to ask what he needed, but in that same instant he pulled her in and gently brushed his lips across hers. The kiss surprised her. It was different than before. His tongue effortlessly moved between her parted lips, tasting and exploring. Pressure increased as the kiss deepened, sending her further into a passion-filled haze. His hands continued to move gracefully across her back making her feel like she was the most delicate woman in the world. His tongue continued to demand more and more of her surrender.

Instinctively, she reached out and entrenched her fingers in his hair and pulled him even closer needing to feel his hard body against hers. He moaned something inaudible and shifted his weight shielding her form from the cool of the night. All she felt was heat emanating from him. Desperation overwhelmed her as his kisses moved down the side of her neck into her ear. His velvet tongue now drawing circles around the delicate part of her ear. She didn't want the kiss to end. In fact, she would have been happy to stay on his lap forever.

He pulled back abruptly and paled. Had she done something wrong? Had she pushed him too far? She felt suddenly ashamed about still being in his lap; but it was then she realized she wasn't even in his lap anymore, but lying on her back with him on top of her. She immediately flushed crimson and closed her eyes. This was an extremely compromising position, not that she had cared at the time, but if anyone were to see them, they would surely be forced to marry.

Sara quickly got up and pushed some of the escaped hair out of her face. Nicholas was still speechless, which led her to believe he regretted his decision. The silence was deafening and embarrassing. Tears threatened at the corners of her eyes. How could she be so stupid as to think that a man like him would actually want her. Mortified she muttered a flustered thank you and rushed back toward the house.

Behind her Nicholas fast approached. She grunted when he pulled her into the shadows and pushed her back against the wall. "I'm sorry," he said, voice shaky.

"What are you sorry for?" she asked. Was he mad? Why would he be sorry?

"You asked for a kiss." He laughed bitterly and looked away. "And I nearly compromise you at your first ball. Really, I had no intention of putting you in that position. I really am a rake at heart; you would be wise to remember that." The last words were spat out rather coldly.

"How could I forget? Especially when you make it your personal duty to remind me every minute of every day."

She shoved him away and stormed into the ballroom, leaving an angry, yet alluring Nicholas Renwick behind.

Chapter Seven

What was wrong with him? Was he mad? Maybe he should do himself a favor and take the carriage to Bedlam himself. She was an innocent unless she was a good actress, but that was nearly impossible. That had been the poor girl's first real kiss. What right did he have to bestow it upon her? The memory of her lips burned in his thoughts, making him want to swear and laugh at the same time.

She was exquisite-everything that a duke would want and more. Beautiful and classy with just a hint of mischief. Yes she would be a good duchess. The duke would be a fool not to choose her, but then again, wasn't he playing that exact same fool by letting her go? He kicked the grass with his boot and blazed back inside the room. Sai was nowhere to be seen.

Lord Rawlings sauntered up next to Nicholas, making him wish for a quick escape. Rawlings was one of the most egotistical fools with whom he had ever had the unfortunate opportunity to converse.

"That's quite a comely wench you've brought with you, Renwick," he said in hushed tones.

"She's not mine."

"Oh?" Rawlings seemed to be mocking him. "It didn't look that way just a few moments ago."

Nicholas turned to face him. "I'm sure I don't know what you mean."

"The young lady came running into the ballroom from the garden-lips swollen, hair rumpled. Amazing that Lady Fenton didn't take notice immediately."

Nicholas shrugged. "I'm glad she's enjoying herself in the gardens with available gentlemen, but it's none of my concern."

"I'm sorry-" Rawlings put his hand on Nicholas's shoulder. "Where did I see you just come from?"

Nicholas paled.

"Be careful, or you're going to lose more than Belverd's silly bet."

Rawlings turned on his heel and walked off, leaving behind a speechless Nicholas. Just how many people knew about this bet? It was obvious he was being watched more than usual, which made him feel oddly uncomfortable, in spite of the fact his whole existence had been about gaining attention in the ton.

Watching couples dance and flirt shamelessly left a bitter taste in his mouth. He suddenly realized that the ball was the last place he wanted to be. What man enjoyed watching other couples participate in the type of happiness he knew he would never have? Having the desperate urge to leave, his eyes quickly scanned the crowd for Sai; it was only proper to let her know he was abandoning her.

He heard a hearty rich laugh coming from the refreshment area and inwardly grimaced when he realized it was most likely Sai getting more male attention.

Sure enough, upon arriving at the table, he noticed several gentlemen flocking around her, laughing and trying to impress her with jokes. She seemed amused, but also taken aback by the overwhelming attention. It was alluring to see such a striking woman so timid. Especially with such titled men salivating over her. He pushed his way through, glad for once for his reputation. Men were used to getting out of his way.

He leaned down and whispered, "Lady Sai, a word, if you please?"

She excused herself from the gentlemen and linked her arm in his. Just one touch from her sent a longing shudder throughout his body. He tried to stifle the hunger that threatened to escape, but it was torture. He led Sai down a darkened hallway and onto a patio he once used to seduce women. Odd, that he would take her to the one place he knew nobody would find them. It wasn't wise, he knew. He was making a mistake. They should be around people, not lurking in dark corners.

He inhaled unsteadily and faced her. "Sai, I hope you don't mind, but I'm not feeling well. I think I'm going to retire for the evening." He bent down to kiss her glove, but she had already removed it and was now feeling his forehead.

"You do feel a little warm." Her voice was heavy with worry. She rolled her eyes. "Maybe if you wouldn't drink so much, it wouldn't be a problem. I hear brandy is bad for fevers."

"What the devil do you mean? I don't drink too much!" he argued.

"You do. I've seen you throw back more than your fair share. I don't approve." She leaned over the railing, pulling away from him at the same time.

Nicholas hesitantly drew closer. "I didn't realize you were watching me so closely."

Eyes flickering with embarrassment, she looked away. So this was how she was going to play it, ignorant.

"I assure you," he cleared his throat. "I normally make no habit of consuming spirits of any kind, not even when I lived up to the reputation of the playboy of the ton."

She lifted her head to look at him. "Why now?"

"Why, indeed," he muttered, feeling pitiful and powerless.

She said nothing about his confession, though he knew she had heard it. "Sai, I-"

"Yes?" Her eyes looked innocent and hopeful.

"I..." He shook his head. Why was this so hard? He refused to lose the bet, but then again, nobody would actually see them up here. What would be the harm? She had asked him to kiss her. Why shouldn't she experience what it would feel like to be led down a dark hallway and kissed senseless?

Forgetting everything except his own needs, he pulled her into his arms and kissed her with all the unsatisfied passion he posessed. Her body went limp against his, as he took in more and more of her taste. Everything about her was fresh and alive. She tasted of newly picked strawberries, warm and inviting. He took the liberty of running his fingers through her hair and realized his mistake. It made him hungrier for more. He would never be satisfied with merely kissing this woman. Never. He cupped her chin and kissed down her neck, feeling her tremble with delight each time his lips met her skin. She seemed to purr as he left trails of kisses down her cheek; her eyes were closed, but he wanted nothing more than to see the two large emeralds aglow with desire gazing back at him.

"Open your eyes," he whispered huskily.

For once she didn't argue, but obeyed his bidding. It was enough to completely undo him. He picked her up and found her mouth again, this time with everything he had been thinking and feeling since meeting her. If he was going to kiss her, he wasn't going to hold back, especially if she was to belong to someone else. His heart felt like it would beat out of his chest, the intense longing shot straight through his body, making him want to moan and shout all at once. This madness had to stop, or he would do more than just steal a kiss from the innocent girl.

Unwillingly he set her feet back on the ground and hesitantly distanced himself from her. Her breathing was ragged. Her hair had fallen out of its pins, and her lips looked swollen and ripe. He didn't think it possible, but she was more beautiful than before. Her eyes held questions he knew he would have to answer. He struggled to say something, something to reassure her misgivings.

Then he heard someone clear their throat.

Chapter Eight

Lady Fenton walked out onto the patio between them. Nicholas thought it best not to say a word, though he was half-tempted to jump to his death when he saw his cousin's face.

"I can't say I'm surprised," Lady Fenton finally said.

Nicholas's emotions filled with panic, worry, fear, but mostly panic. As the ramifications of what had taken place settled fully on his shoulders. Being alone with a woman on the balcony was always frowned upon, especially when said woman was an innocent like Sai. He knew his cousin wasn't the nicest of the ton, nor was she immune to the gossip. Some would say she was always the one who knew first what everyone else found out second.

She turned toward Nicholas. "I expect you to make this right."

Nicholas winced, when he saw Sai's face turn red with embarrassment. How dare she embarrass Sai for something she had no control over?

"Sai did nothing. It was me." He knew he sounded like a small child whining to his nanny.

"Oh, I am aware of what Sai did and did not do. She could have easily pushed your advances away instead of fluttering her eyelashes at you. I must admit this is partially my fault. Sai has never been one to attract attention, you can see why." She pointed in Sai's direction, making the crimson in her cheeks deeper than before. Was this woman mad? She was putting down the most beautiful woman at the ball as if she was someone's ugly maid.

Nicholas should have said something, but the shock rendered him mute yet again.

"Unfortunately, the duke and I saw everything." Her tone was menacing.

Why was she up here with the duke in the first place? Nicholas wanted to ask, but he thought better of it. He didn't want his life to end tonight because Lady Fenton had stabbed him with her fingernails.

Answering the unasked question, she turned to Sai. "He was following you to ask for your hand in marriage. Now it seems he thinks you will say no to someone such as he-especially with this rogue following you about like a lovesick puppy." She gestured toward Nicholas. He felt like dirt.

"Therefore, I have a plan." She looked between the two of them and smiled ruefully. "The two of you will marry." Nicholas's mouth gaped open and Sai gasped. "It wasn't the match I intended, nor am I the least bit happy she will have to settle for an earl rather than a duke, but I fear there is nothing even I can do. Half the ton will know of what took place tonight by the time you reach the ball again."

Sai's once crimson face was now paler than the moon.

"You can't force us to marry!" Nicholas spat, suddenly angry that he would be the reason such an opportunity would be taken from Sai.

"Watch me," Lady Fenton barked. "Three weeks." She held up three fingers to punctuate her announcement. "The banns will be read, and you will bear him children," she said turning on Sai. Nicholas was powerless to shield her. "You will gain yourself a title, and you will put all of this sneaking around nonsense behind you."

"You can't do that to her," Nicholas flared desperately. "She has the right to choose whom she wants. At least speak to the duke-tell him I seduced her, that my reformation had been a ruse! I'll do anything. Just don't force us to marry on my account." He felt like an absolute martyr. Sacrificing his own happiness in order to rescue Sai from the fate of marrying someone so unworthy as he. Sai appeared to be on the verge of sobbing. He couldn't let Lady Fenton do this to her.

***

Sara didn't know how long she could contain the tears which threatened to pour down her face at any moment. Not only was she utterly humiliated by her aunt's apprehending them, but the man who had held her so tenderly and passionately only moments ago was now refusing to marry her. Did he think she was the ugliest woman on the planet? Granted she had assumed as much earlier when he hadn't said anything. He was hostile, angry, and not at all convinced he had done anything wrong. The look in his eyes spoke plainly-he wasn't a reformed rogue, and underneath everything, he still wanted what every man wanted. His lustful advances were nothing more than an opportunity to embarrass her. She could see that now.

"I don't want to marry," her voice sounded foreign and heavy. "You shouldn't punish Lord Renwick. He shouldn't be forced to marry me." There she said it. Now he was free to go live with his prayer book and deceptive facade that he was anything more than a notorious rake.

Nicholas cast a calculating glare at her, as if she were the cause of all of his pain. She glared back at him, suddenly indignant that he should be angry at her for his own behavior. True, she had asked for it, but she was not the one who led him down the dark hallway to the patio.

His eyes rolled pointedly back to Sara's aunt. "Fine. We'll marry. But don't expect it to be a love match."

Lady Fenton laughed coldly. "Oh, my dear boy! A love match?" She looked back and forth between the two of them. "Given the circumstances, Nicholas, I hardly think that will be an assumption made by anyone. To think, Lord Renwick, Rogue of the Ton, marrying for love. Why, it's positively scandalous, don't you think?"

Nicholas didn't speak. Sara tried again to object, but she felt the air escape her lungs in such a whoosh she was sure she would pass out at any moment.

"My dear Sai, you shall marry Lord Renwick, if for no other reason than your only other option now is to go home to your parents empty-handed and in ruin. Do you think they would take you back in such a state?" She looked sternly in Sara's direction. Sara tried to swallow or to even remember that others' opinions didn't matter, but she had held in her tears for too long. A single drop escaped down her cheek before she could catch it. Luckily, Lady Fenton had already turned on her heel and retreated back into the darkened hallway.

Although her aunt had missed the escaped tear, Renwick had not. In two strides, he was at her side, however reluctantly, pulling her into his arms. He handed her a handkerchief and ordered her to wipe her tears. "I'm sorry," he finally whispered. "This was obviously not my intention."

"Yes," she sniffled. "You've made me painfully aware of your intentions, my lord."

He cringed at the use of the formal address, then stepped back and demanded, "And just what do you mean by that statement, Sai? Do you think I wanted to compromise you so you would be forced into marrying me? What a terrible opinion you have of me. You make me out to be a deceitful monster." His face was cold and void of any emotion. Eyes as dark as night glared back at her. She wanted to slap him, but the strength had left her body.

"I'm not saying you planned this at all; I'm just acknowledging that for the past few days all you've done is tell me I'm not normal, and then tonight you kiss me like...like that, and you tell me I'm not normal." She was repeating herself. She sounded like an upset child, and she didn't even know how to make sense of any of it, except she was deeply hurt. His earlier words and dark looks made her want to crawl into a hole and escape. Weight seemed to push down on her chest while she waited for his response.

"You aren't normal!" he insisted, interrupting her thoughts. He threw his handkerchief over the balcony and paced rapidly in front of her. "How many times do I need to tell you that? We don't fit; we don't belong-we don't match!" He was yelling; she had never heard him yell before. "Obviously, there is some sort of attraction between us; although, I can't fathom how or why I allowed it to develop." He looked away, and she quickly dabbed at the hot tears streaming down her face. "Even your aunt is upset, and do you know I've now lost an important bet? All because of you? Because I felt sorry for you!" His voice rose again. She didn't know how much she could take.

"I thought to myself, Oh well, Nicholas, be nice just this once. Give the girl a kiss, give her what she wants. She's innocent, nothing will happen." He shook his head furiously "Did you trick me? Was your plan to lure the lust right out of my body so I would compromise you, and you could have the infamous Nicholas Renwick trapped in a loveless marriage?"

She had never hated a man more than she hated Nicholas Renwick at that moment. Not even her father, nor her uncle, nor anyone who'd ever insulted her had done such a splendid job as he.

"Are you quite finished?" she rasped, trembling with quiet rage.

"Yes," his voice hoarse and cold.

She slipped her gloves over her small unsteady hands and started to walk away, then thought better of it. She swung back around and slapped him as hard as she could square across the other cheek. He cursed and fell to the ground. "Don't you ever accuse me of manipulation or treachery again; I won't stand for it. And if you tell me I'm not normal one more time, I'll make sure the only person visiting your bedside is the doctor caring for your gunshot wound. Good night, Lord Renwick."

She glided into the darkness and hurried back down the hall, escaping the ball without notice. It was easy enough considering the minute she turned to see if anyone noticed her Renwick had walked into the room. All eyes on him and the faint red hand print on his cheek, she slipped away. Sara nodded to her aunt who took her home in the carriage. Once she reached her room all the sobs she had been harboring, finally released.

Davina appeared at her bedside in an instant, not saying a word, merely singing a hymn about trusting in God; the irony too much to bear.

Sara couldn't remember the last time she had cried this much. Surely it had been when she was younger and a family pet had been killed by a wolf. Other than that, she reserved her tears for the romance novels she lay awake at night to read.

"Curse that wretched Renwick fellow!" Davina yelled with arms in the air.

Sara produced a weak smile; it felt good that someone else at least understood why she felt so upset by the whole ordeal. Not only had he essentially stolen her innocence by taking her first kiss, but he managed to soil her reputation, and ruin any ounce of self worth she had established in her twenty-one years.

She knew she wasn't normal, but did he always have to say as much? And why on Earth would he kiss her so...passionately, if he found her so disagreeable? Were the lusts of his flesh so weak he would take any willing maiden into his arms? And now she was to marry the man? A man like that... The thought did not settle well with her. She climbed into bed and forced herself to close her eyes. Maybe things would look better in the morning.

***

"Hurry! You must hurry!" Lady Fenton frantically banged on her door, waking Sara from a dead sleep.

Sara turned, rising from her bed and managed a shaky "What for?" before throwing her pillow against the wall. She had not slept well and this was not a good morning for an interruption.

"We have visitors, so many visitors, so much to do! We have already been called on by half the ton!" Lady Fenton was beaming. It was so unfair.

Sara looked at Davina, who merely shrugged her shoulders. "What does this mean?"

Lady Fenton looked sharply at Davina. "Well don't just stand there, find her an afternoon dress!" Davina curtsied and stuck out her tongue when Lady Fenton's gaze returned to Sara.

"This means you are the talk of the ton, even with the scandal of you and my rake of a cousin; they are worshipping at your feet, dying to know the one lady who had enough charm to bring down the infamous rake, Lord Renwick!" Lady Fenton was absolutely delighted.

Sara felt her stomach recoil. The nausea threatened to overwhelm her.

Davina returned with a beautiful green afternoon dress. It had capped sleeves but was billowy underneath the chest line, enough to make her look like a fairy princess. She put on the lovely garment all the while her aunt watched with increasing agitation. "Hurry up!" she kept saying to Davina. Sara felt she should rescue Davina from Lady Fenton's venom, but she herself was in no mood to argue after such a long and tiresome evening.

Davina managed to weave some flowers into Sara's hair before pushing her out the door with Lady Fenton. "Be brave," she whispered after Sara. Sara mouthed her gratitude and descended the stairs. She went into the receiving salon and waited. The first visitors of the day were none other than the Duchess of Dutbi and Lady Jersey herself. Sara curtsied and took her seat next to Lady Fenton.

"I must say we are shocked to hear rumors of an engagement. We came here straight away to see if there was any truth to them!" Lady Jersey crowed with her attention fixed upon Sara.

Sara blushed, which apparently was all the ladies needed in confirmation. They continued chattering like chickens until more ladies were escorted in. The Duchess and Lady Jersey took their leave, and the rest of the afternoon went painfully similar. Women would ask bold questions, Sara would blush, they would gasp, and Lady Fenton would take a sip of tea and say, "I always knew Sai would reform my dear cousin. She is too delicious for him to resist." The ladies would then share a laugh, look in Sai's direction again, and sigh.

Sai wanted to run screaming into the carriage-filled street. The afternoon was nearly over when another guest entered the house. Sai, not realizing the guest was masculine, huffed bitterly to herself before lifting her eyes.

Nicholas Renwick stood in front of her, all six feet of him. He seemed larger than last night; then again, the darkness and the kissing probably fuzzed her mind. She swallowed with difficulty and tilted her head down, motioning for him to take a seat. He didn't address her, but turned instead to Lady Fenton.

"I realize it's terribly rude of me to arrive unannounced, but would it be acceptable for me to take Sai through Hyde Park? We are affianced, are we not?" His smile was bitter, but Lady Fenton seemed unmoved by his intention. She nodded curtly and ordered Sai to collect her reticule and meet Renwick in front of the house.

Before Sara had any time to protest, she found herself sitting opposite Renwick in the carriage, trying desperately to think of anything but his commanding masculine presence. Never would she allow herself to be weak in his hands again. He had done permanent damage to her life, not to mention her pride.

***

Nicholas was the worst type of fool; plain and simple. He knew it, Sai knew it, and most likely the ton would know it before the day's end. The things he'd said to Sai were unforgiveable. If she only knew the reasons behind his rage. Fear was a constant companion in his life-fear of losing control, of marrying someone whom he had no control over or who made him want to lose control. Sai was that very person, the person he promised he wouldn't marry if his life depended on it. Not only was she too beautiful for him, but she was pure, untouched by the sin of the world. The sins of his past would destroy her, and she would hate him. It wasn't as if he didn't feel terrible about his past; he simply could do nothing to change it. But he could change his future, and he wouldn't bring any more innocent victims into his darkness, not the way he did before. It wouldn't be fair.

Looking at her now made him all the more apprehensive of the carriage ride. It seemed the more time he spent with her, the more difficult it became to think straight. She was breathtaking, and continued to grow in beauty by the second, as if that were possible. He forced himself to make small talk about the weather but received nothing but short replies.

He sent up a quick prayer, then asked the dreaded question. "Why do you hate me?" He braced himself for the impact of her words, praying it would be painless.

She laughed in return. "Are you so selfish of a man that you think the world revolves only around you and your feelings?"

He didn't know if he should agree or be silent. He chose the latter.

"I despise you for what you stand for; I hate you for making me feel like this is my fault, like I threw myself at your feet. I am not some wanton girl trying to trap the great Nicholas Renwick in the gardens. I am not that girl, how dare you accuse me of being anything less."

Her eyes filled with tears, making Nicholas's heart constrict.

"I didn't mean it; I was upset."

She snorted and shook her head.

"I'm not good for you. I'm not marriage material-you must see that." His tone was turning dangerously desperate. He shook his head then pulled her hands from her lap kissing each wrist with his lips. "You deserve to be a duchess; you deserve a life I can't give you. A life without sin, a life without baggage. You aren't norm-"

"Nicholas Renwick, if you say I'm not normal, be prepared to face the consequences. And I do not wish to get blood on my new dress." She glared at him, making him retreat further into his seat.

"Sorry." He put his hand on his temple and rubbed. "I mean only that you are not like everyone else. I'm the one who's not normal. Like I said, I'm not good for you."

"To put it bluntly," she added for him. "I'm not good enough for you, and you're upset, which I couldn't care less about. I'm not any happier about this situation than you are, so for both our sakes, let's just make it through the next few days without causing physical harm to each other, agreed?" She held out a gloved hand, and he had no choice but to take it, admiring her spunk with every word she spoke.

"Do you like ducks?" he asked.

Her face scrunched up in confusion. "Excuse me?"

"Ducks," he repeated. Her face became more confused than before. "Birds," he clarified. Nothing. "Animals that fly, and people shoot them for sport and-"

She put up a gloved hand and smiled weakly. "I know what a duck is, Renwick."

He ignored her. "I find that ducks make me feel better when I'm upset."

"Because you shoot them?" she retorted.

"No, I don't shoot ducks. I must admit I'm a terrible shot. I am actually quite good with a sword, but guns always seemed too inhumane, not sporting at all." He shook his head as if to protest more. "Ducks, however, make me feel better because they are beautiful. Their feathers are made perfectly to deal with water, and it naturally runs right off their backs." He noticed the interest pique in her eyes. He smiled and knocked twice on the carriage door. "Off you go." He hopped out and held his hand for Sai to take. She snubbed him but tripped over her own dress, falling directly into his arms with a loud yelp.

Those who were walking through Hyde Park at the time laughed at the obvious lover's quarrel. Nicholas, of course, couldn't hear their exact words, but he could guess accurately because he had been around the ton long enough to know how the gossip worked.

"Next time, accept my help, or I can't promise I will catch you." He put her on her feet and watched her straighten her skirts. "What a terrible situation to be in if your skirts suddenly flew over your head."

"You would know," she snapped.

He winced. "Touche. Shall we go see the ducks?"

"Does water run off your back as well, my lord?"

He rolled his eyes. "It's Nicholas, and no. It used to. I hadn't a care in the world, but when I realized what harm my actions caused, it seemed water never stayed on my back, but penetrated deep into my soul, making me the blackest creature alive, drowning in my own misery."

Sai stopped walking and looked into his eyes. Her gaze was enough to send men to their knees in worship; instead he merely wanted to fall in adoration. She smiled and kissed his hand. "None of us is perfect, my lord. You should remember that before you are so quick to condemn yourself."

"Was that a compliment?" he pried.

She laughed. "You've been given compliments all your life. Compliments are merely pretty words thrown at pretty people to make them feel better about their lot in life. No, Nicholas. It was not a compliment; it was a truth."

She stepped past him, picking up her skirts, and went to sit directly in front of the small duck pond. For the third time in this woman's presence, he was speechless. And for the first time in his life, he didn't care.

He took his seat next to her and sighed. "Usually there are more ducks."

Her smile lifted to her cheeks, making him want to spend his life staring.

"You mean there are usually more ducks than this one sad little fellow?" She pointed to a short squatty duck which had just lay down next to the water's edge. He seemed unbothered by their intrusion.

Nicholas reddened. "Yes."

"I guess that means you owe me," she teased.

"Owe you?" His voice cracked. "And just exactly what do I owe you, Mademoiselle?" He fought to keep his voice even and light.

"Ducks," she answered. "Lots and lots of ducks."

He laughed. He couldn't help himself. "I promise you, I will find you more ducks. Next time you feel like crying, let me know, and we'll go hunting for ducks together-without pistols, naturally," he added.

Her smile wavered, reminding him once again that he was the one reason for her sadness. Fear gripped his chest just as a heavy weight of agony pressed down on him, paralyzing his thoughts. Would he never be rid of the guilt? Just watching Sai brought back all the sweeping memories of last night. He'd never felt bad about a kiss before. In fact, he hadn't even felt like a terrible person for kissing married women, so why did it now feel like the guilt was eating him alive?

She picked a flower next to her and twisted it between her fingers. He was going insane, because in that moment he even felt jealousy for the tiny flower. What would it feel like for her fingers to twist into his hair during an embrace? His body warmed at the inappropriate thoughts swarming around in his head.

The old Nicholas Renwick would have laughed in his face; he was aroused by a flower. A flower! He really was going mad. He had done and seen it all, yet the way this woman held the particular flower between her hands was enough to inspire him to write sonnets. He cursed himself silently and took a deep cleansing breath.

"Are you well, my lord?" Sai asked.

Naturally, the breath he just inhaled was thick with her scent, the smell of sugared lemons and the purest green grass.

"Fine," he croaked.

"Are you feeling ill again?" She lifted her hand, though still gloved, bless the Lord, to his forehead and tilted her head. "You don't feel warm."

He opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by an approaching man. "Do my eyes deceive me, or do I see the reformed rake Lord Renwick having a private chat with the talk of the ton?"

Nicholas closed his eyes in protest; maybe if he couldn't see Rawlings, then Rawlings would become bored and disappear back into the hole he crawled out of.

He opened one eye and saw both Rawlings and Sai staring curiously at him. Mad, he was mad. He pushed himself off the ground and shook Rawlings' hand. "I'm afraid the rumors are true."

He nodded toward Sai who curtsied sweetly. When Rawlings gingerly took her hand and kissed it, his eyes spent too much time focused on her bosom than on her hand like propriety dictated. Nicholas's mood darkened.

Rawlings lifted a calculating eye toward Nicholas and smiled before returning his attention back to Sai. "I see for once the rumors have been understated; you are far lovelier than even the most exaggerated stories have suggested."

She blushed brightly and flashed him a devastating smile. Why didn't she smile at Nicholas like that? Is that what she wanted? Compliments? Well, she would be waiting a long time. Although he sometimes wondered if Sai's attitude had to do more with being shy than with being conceited, he wasn't going to take the chance she had an inflated view of herself and add to it. Especially since she had men like Rawlings ready to cut open their chests and offer their hearts to her.

"I'm so glad to have met you," Sai crooned, hooking her arm with Rawlings. "Do tell me how you know Lord Renwick."

This is going to be painful, Nicholas thought, falling into step beside the two.

The next ten minutes managed to become the bane of Nicholas's existence. He suffered through Sai's rich laughter each time Rawlings shared a story of how Nicholas pulled pranks on the ladies of the ton as a boy. Rawlings even shared the unfortunate event which took place when Nicholas mistook one of the women as his mother and grabbed her from behind, only to be surprised by the notorious flirt who prophesied he would become a lady killer in his later years. That is exactly what happened; although, now he felt he should be killing men, especially men bearing the name Rawlings.

"I must take my leave," Rawlings said at last. He bent low to kiss Sai's gloved hand, then leaned in to whisper in Nicholas's ear, "This is one chit I wouldn't mind relieving you of, old man. I'll be waiting for you to mess this up." He slapped him on the back and waved off leaving a stunned Nicholas behind.

"What did he say to you? You look positively radiant," Sai inquired, hooking her arm in his. Its effect was felt immediately; he relaxed and was able to act somewhat like himself again.

"Nothing of consequence. Just an old joke between friends." He looked at her penetrating glance and sighed, "You seemed to take to Rawlings. Would you rather be with him than me?" He didn't mean for the question to sound accusing, but it came out that way nonetheless.

"Are you so unsure of yourself that a man like Sir Rawlings would be competition?" she snapped.

He laughed to hide his doubt. "Of course not. You do know my reputation, do you not?" He wasn't playing fair.

She stopped and faced him. "What I know, is only what I've been told, and I can only assume from what I've been told, that your reputation is a direct result of your insecurity and inability to commit to one woman for your entire life. So yes, I do prefer Sir Rawlings to you, if only for the reason he knows exactly what he wants and goes after it!"

"And I don't?" he barked.

"No."

Before he realized what he was doing, he reached out and pulled her against his chest crushing his lips across hers simultaneously. She pushed at his chest, but it did nothing to dissolve the burning passion between them. He'd always heard that love and hate drew a dangerously fine line between them. He had no idea that lust and fury did the same thing. He was drowning in her essence, and he didn't know whether to love her or hate her for it. Her lips worked perfectly with his, making it almost seem like they were made for one another, yet he knew that was just him falling for the lie of lust. Sai's breathing quickened when he attempted to lift her more firmly against himself. Lucky for him, he leaned against a nearby tree and tried to more fully get her within his grasp. Opening his eyes, he was suddenly desperate to glance at her swollen lips.

He pulled back in time to catch a glimpse of her raised hand fly forward in a slap. He ducked and winced, narrowly missing the swing, the force of which sent Sai falling to her knees. He pulled her up quickly into an embrace just as a curious couple walked by. "She's tired, not feeling well," he explained. They continued walking, shaking their heads in disapproval.

"Take me home," Sai demanded, stomping her foot.

It made him laugh; he couldn't help himself. Before he knew it, he was doubling over with tears streaming out of his eyes. "Forgive me!" he said, still laughing. "It's just your face really does betray your emotions. If looks could kill..."

She smiled and bit her lip. Nicholas knew she was trying to keep from laughing; she probably didn't want to offer him the satisfaction.

"You really must stop kissing me like that," she stated while straightening her skirt. "It's rude."

"Rude, or unsettling?" he argued, suddenly confident he had a similar effect on her as she did on him.

"Both," she admitted.

He pulled her into a chaste hug and whispered, "Lust and love are two different things."

She stiffened in response and answered, "I know."

Chapter Nine

The problem was Sara really didn't know. She felt that lust was a natural part of passion, and passion fed directly into love; they were one in the same. A life without passion was not a life she desired. She had experienced enough of that life her entire existence. But Nicholas appeared to believe they were separate things.

He seemed the type of man who understood himself, but the sadness in his eyes when he spoke made her wonder just how much he knew about love. If he thought the purpose of marriage included only having children and possibly experiencing a small hint of happiness, he was wrong.

If anything, she had learned from the Song of Solomon, that passion and love coexisted-and she doubted very much that Nicholas knew that.

He was right in some respects. His kissing unsettled her-not because she didn't like it; quite the opposite, in fact. But she felt his many reasons for kissing her had more to do with him than with her. The first was because he was feeding his own lust in the garden, the second time out of anger, and the third time just to prove her wrong.

What she wanted was to share a kiss with someone who truly wanted to kiss her just because she was her. Not because they had anything to prove.

Sara said nothing as Renwick escorted her into the waiting carriage. Instead, she mulled over more Scripture to keep her thoughts in check. She didn't even notice when they stopped in front of her aunt's house until Renwick cleared his throat and reached out to touch her hand.

His touch always sent the most incredible sensations in her stomach, she felt about ready to take flight from her seat. She looked into his eyes and smiled. "I'm sorry. My thoughts were far away."

"Would you like to talk about it?" he asked.

Surely Nicholas Renwick was the spawn of the devil; the king himself would share state secrets with Renwick if he but asked. His velvet voiced paired with his perfect face did nothing for the butterflies in her already fluttered stomach.

"I'm fine." She exhaled, hearing the ragged breath whoosh past her ears.

He laughed as he helped her down from the carriage. "Don't forget about Almack's."

"Almack's?" she asked.

Her question was met with a look of surprise in Nicholas's eyes with an accompanying groan from his throat. "Please tell me you know about Almack's."

She shook her head even though it would have been better to lie.

Nicholas smiled before kissing her hand. "Only certain patronages can hand out invitations to Almack's. One must be invited, and we, my dear, have been invited by Lady Jersey. It seems she is quite taken with you, as is the rest of London."

Sara curtsied and answered before she could stop herself. "All of London but the one by whom I truly want to be taken."

She took her leave, but not before noticing a wide-eyed Renwick frozen in shock. Serves him right, she thought before entering her aunt's house.

Before Sara reached the blessed stairs, she heard her aunt shout out her name. She hung her head in defeat and followed the thunderous voice into the salon where earlier she had met half the ladies of the ton.

"Ah there you are, my gel!" Lady Fenton rose from the tiny loveseat and approached her, arms out in front of her body. "And how was the park?"

For some reason, all Sara could think of was the kiss, and she flushed with embarrassment just in time to meet her aunt's calculating glare.

"That good?" The corners of her mouth tilted into a smirk. "Well, I have the most wonderful news! Lady Jersey sent invitations to Almack's tonight. I want you looking your best, my dear, and I have ordered some changes done to your gown."

Sara was confused. Why would her gown need to look any different? What was her aunt getting at? "I'm grateful for what you've done," she swallowed. "You've given me more than I can ever repay, but why go to the trouble of making changes to an already beautiful gown? Considering I am already betrothed to Lord Renwick, I thought...?"

Her aunt's smile hid no manipulation. It was enough to make Sara's stomach churn.

"My dear gel, if you were marrying the king himself, I would still make changes to your gown. The rest of the ton must see you as desirable, as the one who got away. Who knows! What if our honorable Renwick does the deplorable thing? Where would we be then? No, my gel. We shall command attention tonight, and you will be the belle of the ball. The duke will see what he is missing, and Renwick will be falling prostrate at your feet. Trust me, my dear. I know exactly what I'm doing."

Sara nodded her head politely, but inside she wanted to scream. Was she to be put on display? As ugly as she was? What type of cruel joke was this? It was difficult enough to go about feeling like a fraud, but it was going to be quite another thing entirely to be presented to the whole of the ton on Renwick's arm feeling like an overdressed doll. He deserved someone naturally elegant-a swan, not a duck. A plain and ugly little creature. She felt much like the lone squatty duck she had seen this afternoon, but all she truly desired was to be a graceful woman without a care in the world.

"Are you listening?" her aunt snapped at her. It brought her attention careening back to the present.

"Yes, my lady." Sara curtsied, though she had no idea what she'd just agreed to.

"Good, we shall start immediately. Davina has plans for your hair as well as some face paint. Your dress, however, will not be ready for another hour or so."

Sara stood there like a statue waiting.

"Well!" her aunt commanded. "Go see to your preparations!"

Sara took that as her cue to leave and nearly tripped up the stairs from running so fast. If only she could actually run away, but then again, it would be in the opposite direction of Renwick, and something inside her twisted each time she thought about never seeing him again. Surely she wasn't falling for him? He was still a rake with an ill temperament. One minute he looked like he was ready to confess love, the next he would be so angry she feared he would chase her through the park-though she could tell by the look on his face he did not like being slapped. In a way, she did have the upper hand. That thought brought her comfort.

Davina was already in Sara's chamber making preparations for the bath. "My lady." She curtsied and helped her scrub every inch of her body until she was practically shining. Afterward she dried her hair by the fireplace while Davina brushed it out, careful not to pull too hard. Davina really did have a way of making Sara feel comfortable and at peace.

By the time her dress arrived, Sara had spent more than a few hours having her face painted and her hair styled. She hadn't had time to inspect herself in the mirror until she was expected downstairs with Renwick. Davina made her promise to look, so with reluctance, she turned and faced the glass.

Her reflection was unrecognizable, a shadow of her former self. She wore a silver and black trimmed gown which hung loosely to the floor leaving a tiny train in the back. Her neckline plunged lower than any dress she had ever worn, making her worry her bosom would indeed fall out if she were not careful. The back of the dress also cut to the middle of her back, causing her to feel nearly nak*d. In fact, there was not much difference between her dress and some ladies' night rails. The thought gave her chills. They would either love her tonight or deem her a courtesan.

She descended the stairs gracefully and awaited the inevitable. If Nicholas responded well, the ton would too.

***

Nicholas hated to admit to himself how much he had missed Sai when he left her this afternoon. Her company was intoxicating, making all other reasons for living pale in comparison to her company. Even though her company was also just as much infuriating as it was intoxicating, he couldn't help but wish he was near her. The earlier kisses he received from her nearly made him fall to his knees in worship. Her innocent kisses struck a chord in his soul that even he felt scared to acknowledge. Her touch was enough to make him swear undying love, though he was certain she would laugh in his face.

Tonight he chose to wear clothes which would do Sai justice. More than anything, he wanted to look classy, not rakish next to her. Hopefully he chose well. His pantaloons were a bit tighter than decency allowed, but he didn't mind displaying the parts of his body he had trained well during his boxing days.

He heard Lady Fenton clear her throat and turned around. In that second, his heart ceased to beat. Descending the stairs was the most beautiful creature he had ever seen in his life. He had thought her beautiful before, but now, now it was almost painful to look at her. Helen of Troy would have had to relinquish her title in light of Sai's breathtaking beauty.

Her eyes shone with delight as she smiled his way. The sight made him want to kidnap her immediately and take her straight to Gretna Green. Surely she knew what a stunning portrait she made, how utterly exquisite. Half the ton would be saying it to her face this evening, so he needn't add to her embarrassment by lavishing his admiration on her now. But it wasn't until she was directly in front of him that he realized how scandalous her dress truly was. When he realized the thin material clung effortlessly to her legs, he instantly broke out in a cold sweat. He struggled to break his gaze from her but felt drawn like a moth to flame. In the front her dress dipped so low he would probably spend the better part of the night making sure she didn't fall out of it, and the remaining part of the night keeping the other gentlemen from feasting on her with their eyes.

Her eyes were dark and lazy; she had the look of a seductress down perfectly. Any man would appreciate the woman in front of him, but Nicholas was distraught. He didn't want to go to Almack's with a girl who looked like this. Not only would he again be the focal point of much gossip, but she would, too. His reputation did nothing to aid hers. He cursed silently before offering her his arm. "Shall we?" he choked out, noting that his voice sounded strained.

Sai looked down at her dress then back at him as if she had expected him to say something different. The look on her face revealed hurt feelings, and he noticed her break eye contact quickly, nervously. He opened his mouth to speak, but found the words did not come as easily as he would have liked. Finally he clumsily muttered something like, "You look nice." He made a concerted effort to keep his tone level, but it came out sounding bored. Her arm stiffened beneath his, but it was beyond him how to fix it. Nicholas knew she would get her fair share of compliments tonight, and for now it was all he could do to manage his own impulse to carry her back up the stairs and help her out of the gown. He definitely was going to have a word with Lady Fenton about Sai's apparel (or lack thereof); she would be wise not to make a habit of dressing his fiancee in such a fashion. It was not good for her reputation, and honestly, it was even worse for Nicholas's fury. He didn't want to have to duel a man tonight just because the gentleman found his betrothed irresistibly attractive.

Another long night awaited him; he could feel it in his bones.

Nicholas spent the better part of the carriage ride reciting Scriptures. It was the only thing he could think to do, so he wouldn't make an absolute fool of himself. Sai had the unfortunate talent of not only rendering him speechless but also of turning him into a lovesick school boy, barely old enough to ride his own horse. It was unnerving and upsetting to say the least. He was just getting ready to recite John 3:16, when he heard her clear her throat.

"Is there something you wish to discuss, my lady?" he asked in a surprisingly calm voice, nearly fooling himself into thinking he was capable of concentrating on anything other than her bewitching form. Then he made the mistake of looking up into her eyes. Suddenly their confines felt warm and cramped and he had the urge to jump clean out of the moving carriage.

He fingered his cravat nervously, as he waited for her to respond.

Sai quickly shifted to the other side of the carriage where he was sitting, their legs now in definite contact with one another. Looking into her perfect eyes, his heart threatened to beat out of his chest. He prayed for strength."Has anyone ever told you how improper it is to sit next to a gentlemen while riding?"

She harumphed and crossed her arms. "Has anyone ever told you how improper it is to ignore a lady on the night of the second event of her lifetime?"

"You're nervous."

"Of course I am!" Her voice wheedled into his consciousness, and his arms took on a mind of their own and wrapped securely around her body.

"You will be perfect. Everyone will love you. I am absolutely sure of it." He couldn't help that each word dripped with venom. He meant it, of course, but she didn't have to know he meant it or the effect she had on him.

He bent to kiss her cheek only to be met with bristling coldness from her eyes and voice.

"How you find ways to compliment and insult me all in one sentence is beyond me, really it is." She pushed back toward her seat opposite him and gazed out the window, though it was too dark to see anything.

Curse women everywhere! "What do you mean insult you? I truly mean what I say. They will eat you right up, from the extravagantly low cut of your dress to the way it scandalously hugs every delicious curve of your body. Oh, and let's not forget the way your lips form the perfect pout as if begging for some lovesick gentleman to take them with his own." He leaned in. "Oh, I'm sure you'll do just fine tonight, Sai. Please just remember we are betrothed."

Chapter Ten

He was jealous, plain and simple. She would have thought someone of his reputation didn't experience jealousy, or any human emotion for that matter. How could he after doing the things he'd done? Instead of trying to ravish her, Nicholas was scolding her, punishing her for being something she wasn't. It was upsetting and aggravating all at the same time! Her stomach clenched as she thought of his reaction to her. It was as if the progress she had thought they made in their friendship was for naught.

Her thoughts turned dark, mainly because the only person she really wanted to pay attention to her was angrily staring out the window as if begging God to send lightning to strike the carriage. If body language was in fact an actual way to communicate, Nicholas's arms were crossed as he leaned his muscular torso against the side of the carriage. His brows were furrowed-his lips in a thin line.

Two can play that game, she thought. For the first time in her life, she was tired. Had she not gotten what she desired? To look the part of the sparkling debutante? She subconsciously smoothed down her skirt. It was a painful concept to accept that even if she was beautiful on the outside, it didn't make her feel whole on the inside. She stuck her tongue out at Nicholas in anger then crossed her arms.

"Saw that," he said still looking out the window.

"Amazing you can see at all," she muttered to herself.

She was rewarded with a slight shake of his shoulders to show his laughter. She reminded herself not to make him laugh, his smile made her want to weep. He was beautiful, like a fallen angel. His bright eyes had the ability to pierce right through to her soul. Never mind that his kisses turned her to liquid. No wonder women left their husbands. He was enticing indeed, not that she would ever give into any of his immoral displays of affection. She was, after all, a strong morally upright girl and wasn't he reformed? It was difficult to tell sometimes. Every time they were alone, he either insulted her or kissed her. Infuriating man.

The carriage jerked to a stop. Nicholas held out his hand as she stepped down from the carriage. "Try not to trip," he whispered into her ear as they went into Almack's. People everywhere were dressed in the most famous of fashions. It made her self-conscious enough to look at her own gown to make sure it was still in place.

"I'd tell you if it wasn't," Nicholas murmured.

Add mind reading to his list of attributes, she thought, stubbornly jutting her chin into the air. He escorted her to the refreshment table and sat down in a nearby chair. Apparently that's all he was to do this night, sit and watch her talk with every other available gentleman. Weren't those who were betrothed supposed to look betrothed? To look happy together, like they were in love? What would people think when they saw him flirting with other women?

Sara had engaged in several conversations about the weather, which nearly bored her to tears, when Sir Rawlings approached and asked her to dance.

"With pleasure," she accepted with the brightest smile she could muster. It was a slower dance, one which left both partners adequate time to talk and flirt, which she took full advantage of.

If her own betrothed was going to be pigheaded and so full of himself that he would not take notice of her, she wasn't going to lose sleep over it. As Rawlings made her laugh again, she took a turn and saw Renwick's cold eyes boring through her. She tripped on her gown but was saved by Rawlings' hands as he reached out and braced her arms. Looking into his eyes she began to feel like he had cornered her rather than rescued her. Something predatory lurked behind those eyes and it made her uncomfortable.

"Are you all right, Sai?" Rawlings' voice was laced with fake concern. His hands were still firmly placed on her shoulders moving uncomfortably closer to her chest. Either she was the worst dance partner ever, or he was trying to use her vulnerability for his gain. She shouldn't allow Nicholas's strange moods to dictate how she treated others, even if the others she referred to were dogs like Rawlings. It was too unlike her.

If she weren't already feeling uncomfortable in a man's arms, she might have tried to apologize, but she bristled over the fact that she had not given Rawlings permission to use her Christian name however fake it was. Only Renwick called her Sai. When he said her name, she thought it sounded exotic, but on Rawlings' lips it sounded more like the sigh of a wanton woman when cornered in the ballroom. She forced a smile and continued dancing, but Nicholas's angry stare burned into her back for the rest of the dance.

When Rawlings' eyes jerked up Sara knew. Nicholas was behind her. He gave Rawlings a curt nod then grabbed Sara by the waist.

"A waltz," he growled into her ear. She immediately tensed when the music started. She hadn't danced a waltz in public with Renwick, nor had she ever wanted to. It was too embarrassing. Couldn't everyone see the way he made her feel? It was suddenly apparent to her that much of the ton was watching them dance rather than dancing themselves. Sara tried to keep a smile on her face but found it difficult to concentrate as her legs kept brushing against his. Oh dear, she thought. This cannot end well. It simply cannot.

Her breathing became more uneven until finally, by the grace of God, the dance ended. She sighed with relief, but not before Renwick leaned down to kiss her hand, and whisper once more into her ear, "You're mine."

"So, now I am your possession?" she asked through clenched teeth.

He smiled tensely. "My dear, what else would you be?"

"I hoped to be your wife."

"Well, I hoped to never marry a manipulative woman of the ton; we can't always get our way can we?" With that he bowed and motioned for another young gentleman to dance with her. The young man couldn't have been any older than she and reeked of brandy. Nicholas was punishing her, but what had she ever done to him? None of his accusations were true. He was acting like an absolute cad! How dare he say that she had manipulated her! If anything it was the other way around! He was the one that was continually taking advantage of her by kissing her whenever he had the chance. It wasn't as if he didn't have ample opportunity to bridge the gap between them. In fact after looking at her dress it was obvious it would be something any man would find appealing. Even if it was a trifle too elaborate for her tastes. Surely Renwick noticed her? Or she hoped he would at least say something. Instead did he do upon seeing her? He looked down and asked if she was ready! The more she thought about it the more upset she became! Manipulative? What did he base his accusations on? It wasn't fair of him to judge her based on nothing but his own sick assumptions.

The rest of the night went by so slow that Sara thought she might collapse into a fit of rage. Gentleman after gentleman asked her for a dance. Her feet were so tired, she thought they would fall off, and each man she met whispered into her ear poetry and songs of love. It wasn't at all what she had expected.

Apparently ugly ducklings could hatch into swans. She just didn't realize it wasn't at all as exciting as she had read about in her novels. Most of the men were slightly foxed, if not completely, and let their hands roam a little too freely down the sides of her body. The others she danced with, the ones she at least found agreeable, ended up trying to trick her into going into the gardens with them. Had they no idea she was betrothed? Was this how Nicholas had behaved in order to earn his reputation? The thought dizzied her and the room suddenly began to swim. She needed to escape; she needed to get out of these God forsaken shoes and find fresh air.

Sara ran to the closest door and threw it open, revealing a tiny garden walkway; she hurried down the walkway toward the bench and turned around to see if anyone followed. Nicholas would be furious if he found her out here by herself.

She sat on the bench and let a lone tear escape her eye. Fairy tales were not true; they had it all wrong. It was about time she accepted that, even if now she somehow miraculously had a pretty face and dress, nothing would satisfy her unless she had someone to love her for her heart and the way she laughed. She sighed and threw off a shoe, moaning in ecstasy at the feel of the grass against her stockings. It felt so good she decided to throw off her other shoe.

"Why are you throwing shoes at me?" Nicholas's deep voice penetrated the darkness. His perfectly chiseled face wore a smug grin that he apparently reserved only for her.

"Oh, I apologize, my lord," she retorted. "If I had known you were back there, I would have thrown them much harder."

"Which is why I kept my silence until both shoes were already out of reach of those catapults masquerading as dainty hands." He sat down, still wearing a smirk, though her tone did cause him to wince. "What are you doing out in the gardens by yourself, and stripping out of your shoes, no less?"

"I should be asking you the same thing, my lord." He held the shoe out to her but pushed her hand out of the way when she reached for it. Instead he laid the shoe effortlessly on the ground next to her exposed stockings. Her face flushed red just thinking about the scandal she caused.

"It's not scandalous unless you let me see your ankles."

She smiled.

"Wait. Are you going to let me see your ankles, because if you are-" He laughed.

She liked him this way, easy to talk to, happy. It was better than the brooding mood he seemed to lapse so easily into at the slightest provocation. "You're happier outside," she found herself musing.

He sighed. "I'm happier when I'm away from all of that." He pointed back toward the giant ballroom. "I guess you could say I've sowed my wild oats and now want nothing more than to retire to the country like an old man."

"You're hardly old!" She giggled. "I mean, of course, you're older than me by quite a few years." Nicholas glared at her. "But you're not ancient."

"Your compliments restore me to youthful vitality, I assure you." He gallantly put his hand over his heart and grinned, revealing a perfect view of his captivating smile.

She suddenly felt light as a feather, although the turmoil of the evening weighed heavily on her heart.

"Why is it," he leaned in, "that every time we attend a gathering, I find you outside doing something scandalous?"

"It was hot?" she offered, more as a question. He reached to brush some hair from her face.

"Try again," he said.

Sara was rapidly running out of reasons to explain to him why she kept escaping the clutches of the ton. "I don't like to be stared at," she answered looking down, and it was the truth. If she was really being honest with herself, it had always unsettled her to be gawked at-ugly or pretty, it didn't matter. It made her feel like who she was on the inside was of no importance.

"That's silly," he said quickly. "Why wouldn't a woman such as yourself-and notice I didn't use the word normal-want to be admired?"

She exhaled. "Because I don't believe it's the outside that counts."

Nicholas seemed perplexed by her statement, almost as if he thought she was bluffing. He folded his arms across his chest and spoke softly, "What about the inside then? What if your inside is as black as your outside?"

She smiled. "Surely a Christian man like yourself, understands there is forgiveness, even for the blackest of souls." Sara didn't know what possessed her, but she found herself reaching across the bench and laying a hand on his. His eyes widened in surprise.

Chapter Eleven

Did she accept him then? Was this her way of telling him as much? He felt too vulnerable. The air in his lungs whooshed out as her hand reached out to touch his. Her words affected him-no they ruined him. He felt as if she would give up the entire world to make him happy; how did this happen? How did they begin to care for one another? It couldn't happen; he wouldn't let it. It would destroy her. She must understand how potentially dangerous he was for her.

"Did you find any other suitors to your liking? All beliefs aside, I guess that a woman of your nature bores easily. Once we marry, I will be happy to turn the other way if you find your fancy elsewhere."

Of all the horrible things to say, that had to be the worst he could have come up with. He felt immediate remorse after the words came out, but it was too late. Tears were already forming in little pools around her eyes. She pulled her hand back as if stung and rose from the bench.

"Wait!" He pulled her down into his lap. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean..." He couldn't speak; he was useless when women became emotional. Her tears were now slowly dropping down her cheeks cascading over her sensuous lips. Instantly he wanted to pull her close and lick the salt from them. Obviously he was going mad, for it was remarkable that he would find her tears arousing, but then again, everything about her made his body respond in a physical way, why not her tears?

She tried to pull away, but he held her firm until she relaxed against his chest. "I never meant to hurt you; in fact, my intention is only to protect you. If you only understood-if you only knew!"

"Knew what?" she choked. "How much you despise me? How much you hate me? You don't want me, but you don't want anyone else to want me either. Will anything ever satisfy you?"

"I don't know. I wish..." He made a sudden grab for her wrists.

She tried to pull away again. This was not going well. Before a thought of propriety could stop him, he pulled her into a deep kiss. It seemed to be the only way to silence both of them, and one of the only ways he could show her exactly how he felt, even if it meant she would know it was a part of him she would never possess. She would have passion in her life, yes, but she would never have his heart. She deserved one that wasn't already worn and broken. After all, how could he offer her something less than whole? It wasn't romantic nor was it fair. It had been ruined so long ago. Years of buried emotions and secrets threatened to spill out of him. His heart told him he could trust her with his secret; his head said he should have walked away when he was still able.

He tugged on her bottom lip with his teeth and smiled as she moaned. He kissed down her neck and realized his hands had ideas of their own they tangled into her hair and pulled. His logical side faded as he realized that neither of them were stopping. He should have stopped. It would have been wiser, but she was like a drug to him. The more he kissed her, the more he felt whole, as wrong as that sounded.

So he pushed her further than he should have. He pulled her into his lap until she was nearly straddling him then growled when she arched her back against him. He kissed down her neck to her chest, and down her arms. Sparks of energy flew between them. Reality no longer held them. His fingers caught onto her bodice, and he desperately pulled it down. He reached down to caress her chest, then, as if being suddenly hit on the side of the head, he froze.

She did the same. Both of them sat there for what seemed like hours before he said something. He had by then, of course, removed his hands from her bodice and returned it to its rightful place covering her body. Or most of it, for that matter; he felt his body tense as the fuzzy haze of passion lifted and his eyes met hers. Her hair was completely undone, and her dress, although not ripped, was rumpled in all the obvious places.

I'm a complete monster.

What Christian man nearly steals a girl's innocence in the garden weeks before their arranged marriage? He felt like a fool, a dirty fool. Had he really changed? The way Sai made him feel caused some sort of animal to release inside him. He had nearly stolen something which wasn't his. He had shamed her-shamed himself. He couldn't bring himself to look at her in the eyes again, and then he felt her fingers on his face. She was still sitting in his lap, although this time more appropriately then before.

"Do you want to marry me?" she asked, still a little breathless.

It was a brave question, but then again, Sai was a brave woman. Any idiot could see that. There came a time in every gentleman's life when he needed to make a choice-to be a man or to cower like a dog. Nicholas felt like his time had come. How could he answer her, yet still protect her? He couldn't offer her what other men could offer, surely she could see that. If only she knew the reasons behind his reputation. If she knew the anger which fed his rakish passion, the reason he wasn't whole enough to be her husband.

"Sai, I would never marry if it weren't for you. I will marry you. Not because I love you. Although I will admit to being dangerously attracted to you." He smiled. "But because propriety requires me to, and because, honestly, if I don't marry you, the physical side of me might actually spontaneously combust. I want you like I've never wanted anyone in my entire life. But like I said before, love is not lust, nor do I believe they can ever co-exist."

Sai became still and silent. "Fine."

"Fine? Just fine?" His voice was thick with emotion and turmoil.

"I'm sorry. Did you want me to say anything else?"

"Say that you hate me. Say that I disgust you. Say that your reputation is ruined because of me. Say anything but fine!" He was yelling now. "You deserve a chance for love, can't you see that? A man would be a fool not to fall in love with you, Sai!"

Her shocked expression told him he should have kept that last part to himself. "Any man excluding myself, of course," he quickly added.

"Meaning you're incapable of love?" she retorted. "In that case, you were correct the first time. You are a fool."

He licked his lips. "Sai, I can't love. I won't. All I know is lust; it's what I was made for. I became a Christian hoping to salvage what portion of my heart I have left. I find love to be weakening and humiliating. I have done too much wrong and had too much wrong done to me to be able to truly love someone else. The way you want to be loved."

Nicholas' resolve weakened when he noticed the look of hurt in her eyes. "Confound it all! I don't understand you, Sai! What do you want from me? I assure you, as the grass is green, I have nothing to give. Nothing!"

She pushed back in obvious shock at his outrage, but how was she to know the secrets that darkened his soul? The reason he couldn't deserve someone like her was for her own protection. Yet he couldn't bring himself to tell her the secret for fear of rejection. How had he gotten himself into this situation? Either he married her or kept the truth from her in order to protect her, all the while risking his heart-not that he hadn't already thrown it into her lap-or he could reject her for her own good.

His throat constricted, making it difficult for him to speak without his speech wavering with the emotion threatening to explode from him. He couldn't continue leaving so many parts of his life out from her. Sooner or later she would find out. The truth always came out. Yet he couldn't help but silently pray it would never be so, for the truth would destroy any future they had together.

"There are things you don't know. Things I can't tell you, in order to protect everyone involved."

Sai looked devastated. "Does marriage scare you so badly that you would go to such extremes to scare me away?"

"They aren't extremes, Sai. They are truths. The world we live in is not a happy place filled with flowers and chocolates. It's dark and dangerous. I am not good. I know there is forgiveness. Trust me, I've spent the past two years trying to forgive myself, but I couldn't bear it if for some reason you could not find it in your heart to forgive me as well. I swore I would never put a woman in this position. I can't. It wouldn't be fair. It would be better for you to marry a duke, better for me to marry some country maiden who would be happy just to marry a titled gentleman, regardless of the scandal."

Sai's face turned pale. She stumbled out of his lap and lept to her feet. She began pacing in front of him like a roving lion. "So you would marry a country maiden over me? A plain girl with no connections, no title, no fortune?"

"Yes!" he said loudly. Finally she understood. "I won't be able to hide it much longer. In fact, I'm surprised others haven't caught wind of the scandal yet, but it would do irreparable harm to your reputation."

"What choice do I have? You've compromised me. Or don't you remember? Does your honor not extend that far?"

He sighed. This was going to hurt her, but he had to say it. "And it's for that reason alone, Sai, I have agreed to marry you. Yes, I want your body, but I can't allow myself to care about your mind, or your heart, or your love. I have no room in my life for it.

Her eyes clouded with tears, but he couldn't bring himself to even look in her direction as he said, "We'll get married next week. The sooner the better. Until then, I'll do everything in my power to change your mind." Because I can't live with the pain I'll cause you, but I'm still selfish enough to want you.

She ran away, shoes in hand; she hadn't even tried to put them on. How did the night turn out so awful? Where had he gone wrong-well, actually the better question would be, had he at any time that night handled things right?

Nicholas was jealous, possessive, lust-filled, passionate, and then as if things couldn't get any worse, he lied through his teeth to her about his feelings. But wasn't it better this way? He was protecting her. Sai was young and had no idea how the ton treated scandal. She would be gossiped about for years. He couldn't bring himself to do that to such an innocent girl.

If there was anyone to blame, it was Nicholas. Maybe if they had met sooner, before everything had gone wrong, maybe then he would have married her, selfishly wanting her for himself. Couldn't she see that he was being honorable? That this was the first time in his life he was actually putting someone else's welfare above his own? His chest tingled where she had laid her hand. His lips felt numb from their kissing.

The letter he had received earlier that day had set him on edge. He knew what surprises the next day promised to bring. Information that would destroy any pieces of romance and desire Sai felt for him. It broke his heart to think about the ramifications of a poor choice that was made so long ago. For the first time in his life he wasn't afraid for himself, but for the pain it would bring to all innocent people involved.

The scandal, the gossip-everything had the potential to explode in his face. People would finally know why Nicholas Renwick decided to turn to religion, and the information would shock the ton to the core for years to come. It was imperative that he take his secret to the grave and keep those around him quiet. Too many lives would be affected otherwise.

***

Trying to be inconspicuous, Sara snuck back into the ballroom. She put on her shoes and a brave face, excusing herself to the ladies' salon to drink some tea to quiet her nerves.

Some of the pins that had once been secure hung loosely around her neck. She re-pinned them as best she could and smoothed her dress. Noticing a mirror in the far corner of the salon, she stared at the unrecognizable girl gazing back at her-she was not the same girl who left the country just a few weeks earlier.

She found it ironic Nicholas actually desired a simple country girl, oblivious to the fact that she was just that, nothing more. He assumed she was rich, and had a dowry the size of her aunt's fortune. He also assumed she was a lady, which she also was not. The thought humbled her. She traveled all the way to London to secure a husband with riches, and the only one she wanted didn't want a lady of the ton, but a simple girl like the one she used to see staring back at her through the glass.

A sigh escaped her lips and she pinched her cheeks to add color to a face that she knew looked terribly tired and pale. She would be brave, and she would marry Nicholas. It must be; even if he kept pushing her away, she knew her aunt wouldn't stand for his backing out, so he was stuck with her unless something drastic happened. Earlier today she heard from her mother that their money was dwindling. It was now all up to her to marry someone who could take care of her family. And Nicholas could do just that.

Some ladies walked in to the room and stared at her, then abruptly left whispering between themselves. Normally she was approached and spoken to. How swiftly things changed when one appeared to have a secret rendezvous in the garden. She shrugged and grabbed her reticule to leave, when the doors suddenly burst open.

"There you are!" Lady Fenton screamed. "I have been looking everywhere for you. Quickly. We must go. We must go immediately."

Sara nodded her head and followed, apparently someone saw her and Nicholas in the garden. It was hardly scandalous enough for people to be gossiping. They were betrothed after all-not that it made her feel any less dirty for engaging in something so completely wanton. It was totally out of character for her. No, in fact, it was pure desperation. She was willing to give a part of herself to him that no man had ever received, if only he would admit he cared for her, that he could love her. Instead it seemed to make matters much worse; he hated himself for wanting her and hated himself for not being able to let her go. What a mess she had made.

A relative hush descended upon the ton as everyone watched Sara and Lady Fenton exit into the nearest hallway. Was kissing in the garden really that heinous? The churning in her stomach told her it was about much more than kissing in the garden. Her aunt pulled her into a room and shut the door. Lady Fenton paced in front of Sara until she was sure the floor would give way.

When her aunt looked up, Sara could tell she had been crying. "Aunt, are you well?" Sara asked quietly. Her aunt shook her head and looked toward the window overlooking the property; a heavy tension in the air.

"I'm afraid I've made a mistake, my dear." Lady Fenton looked down at her hands. "You must marry Nicholas. The banns have been read and many of the ton already know you are compromised."

"I know, aunt, and I'm sorry. It wasn't the match you wanted, but I-" Her aunt held up her hand.

"Let me finish, Sai...Sara," she corrected.

Sara waited.

"It was widely believed Lord Renwick simply became bored of the life he led, that he didn't really want to cavort about anymore. People began respecting him for his views. He claimed to be a reformed man, and the entire ton believed him. I merely kept my mouth shut." Her eyes pooled with more tears. "But things aren't always what they seem, my dear. Two years ago, Renwick had an affair with a duchess. It was widely reputed that the duke had been unfaithful, so many agreed it was only fair that the duchess also take a lover. She was beautiful; she had hair just like yours, actually."

Sara lifted her hand to touch her hair, her stomach growing sicker by the minute. Was that why he found her so attractive? Because she resembled a lost love?

"She and Renwick had a long affair. Her marriage was arranged; therefore, she was quite young. The duke was old and set in his ways. He heard rumors of his wife's scandal but did nothing to stop it. Later, it was publicized that the duke died by falling on his own sword because the grief of his wife's infidelity had done him in. Unable to produce an heir, everything went to the wife. She wanted to marry Renwick, but he was never one for marriage. The story went on she was too emotionally attached to Renwick, so he left her and later found religion. She was his last, you see."

Sara still couldn't figure out why this was such scandal. Granted, it sounded bad, and Renwick would surely have to explain himself. He was the cause of someone else's grief, no doubt, but there forgiveness is part of life. "Aunt, I don't understand. Wasn't everyone aware of this story before this evening?"

"This story they were aware of. The real story just surfaced this evening, my dear." Lady Fenton held up a handkerchief to her eye and swallowed. "What I am about to tell you is the truth, from Renwick himself-though I swore I would never speak of it. Somehow, the ton got wind of it, most likely because of the attention paid to both of you of late and your betrothal. My dear, I must ask for your forgiveness first."

Sara was confused. "Whatever for?"

Lady Fenton smiled weakly. "It was my fault you and Renwick were forced to be betrothed. I used his attraction to you. The moment he laid eyes on you, I knew he wanted you. I manipulated him into jealousy and lust. The duke was never going to offer for you. He was merely following you, so there would be a witness to the scandal between the two of you. It was deceitful, but you must understand. I love my cousin, and you seemed to be the only lady of the ton with heart enough to forgive him. If I had known his scandal would ever reach the ears of the ton, I would have died before letting you become involved. And now it seems you have a choice to make. Marry him and deal with the consequences of his disgrace, or refuse him and ruin yourself."

Sara closed her eyes in protest; both options were abominable. If she refused him, could she simply go back to her country life? But what life would she have with no money for her family? They would all be ruined.

"What did he do, aunt?" Sara whispered.

"Sara, he killed him."

"Who killed whom?" Sara asked, even though she knew in her heart what her aunt's answer would be.

"Sara, the duke found his wife with Renwick. Do you understand what that means?"

Sara nodded numbly.

"When he saw the affair had been brought into his own home, he was furious. He challenged Renwick to a duel."

Sara gasped. "But those are illegal!"

"It doesn't matter, Sara. What Renwick did was wrong. He crossed the line severely. Too blind with passion to say no, the following morning he and the duke dueled to the death. Renwick was winning, but in a sudden desire to be honorable, withdrew his sword. The duke provoked him even more and threatened to kill him, which was his right. Renwick saw an opportunity and took it, hoping only to injure the man, but the duke was old and did not have the strength to overcome the wounds. He died later that same night."

Lady Fenton bit her lip. "It was then the duchess revealed to Renwick she was pregnant with his son. She hadn't been with her husband in over a year. They kept it as quiet as possible and paid everyone off to report it was grief and rage which did the duke in. She gave birth in the country and was to raise the boy there. Renwick and the duchess never spoke of what happened and never reconciled. It was one of his biggest regrets, for in my heart I believe he loved her.

"Two months ago Renwick received news the duchess died of scarlet fever. Renwick was planning to do the honorable thing and take the son into his own household, even though it would create scandal. Before his son reached London this evening, someone from Renwick's estate broke the silence about a small boy, the age of two now, coming to live with them. Normally it wouldn't have incited such talk, but the boy is said to look exactly like the duchess who died. It didn't take long for the real story to surface, though only a select few knew about it."

Listening to her aunt, Sara's stomach heaved. Nicholas wasn't just a rake; he was... he was an absolute monster! He stole another man's wife, murdered the man, and left the woman alone to raise an illegitimate child. She needed time to process what her aunt told her, but blackness threatened to engulf her, closing in around the edges of her vision. Her head swam, and just as she was about to succumb to the darkness, her aunt cupped her face with her cool hands.

"My dear, we have to go out the front. Do you understand?"Sara nodded numbly. No wonder Nicholas felt he couldn't tell her his past. No wonder he felt like his heart was black as sin. Could God not forgive such an act of betrayal? Was it even her job to judge a man based on his past transgressions? The questions hung heavily in the air as she took her aunt's arm and walked out of the room, feeling much like Daniel trudging into the lion's den.

The unfairness of the situation being thrust at her hit full force when she saw the faces of those in polite society sneer at her. The picture of Romans viewing gladiators and killings flashed through her mind. The ton was no better, standing by every Season for a new scandal to hit so they could gossip and ruin that person.

Her mind screamed that she was the victim. Nicholas was the reason for her current situation. She grabbed Lady Fenton's hand and began the slow grueling walk to the exit. Masking her emotions with a bright smile, she nodded at those she passed, but felt nothing except silent gratification that the one woman who had trapped Nicholas Renwick Earl of Devons was in fact the one to be pitied not envied.

Chapter Twelve

Nicholas remained behind in the garden, collecting himself. Twenty minutes later when he rejoined the party in the ballroom, he instantly realized he was entirely too late. A hush fell on the ton which would have made even the wickedest of men cringe. They knew. They all knew. The looks from people he used to call friends amounted to pity, disdain, anger, and distrust. It was all he could do to keep from running in the opposite direction. He took a steadying breath, then paused. To his right, Sai re-entered the ballroom with Lady Fenton. Neither of the ladies looked pleased.

It would be a miracle if Sai did not already know. He couldn't find the strength to look away as the rest of the ton watched in suspense. This had to be better than even the craftiest of operas for them. He felt frozen in place, not sure if he should acknowledge Sai or wait for her to approach him with one of her famous slaps. He chose the latter, because frankly, his legs resolutely refused to move him into the inevitable fury this gorgeous creature, whom he just ravaged, would lavish on him presently.

Sai's green eyes burned as they took in every cool calculated glance. But when her gaze reached Nicholas, she smiled. It was unexplainable. She dropped Lady Fenton's arm and glided gracefully toward Nicholas, her eyes locked on his. He felt his heart would leap out of his chest. This was it. The moment he deserved, the moment the ton was waiting for. She would have her revenge and be released forever from his clutches. It was a perfect set up for her; Jane Austen herself couldn't have planned it better.

Nicholas used the last few seconds of his engagement to Sai to appreciate the gracefulness of her legs, the green in her eyes, and the slight dimple on her right cheek. Strange, that even in these moments of his greatest disgrace, his thoughts could only dwell on her beauty as she approached. He prayed for it to be over quickly and took a deep breath.

"My lord," Sai said, bowing before him. His entire body was tense, waiting for what was certain to come next. "It's been a lovely evening, but I believe it's time to take our leave, if you are ready?" She held out her hand to Nicholas. A lifeline. She was saving him, rescuing him from the destruction he deserved. Why was she being so kind? She had to know. He took her arm and nodded to Lady Fenton, who appeared to have a small smile playing on her lips. The three of them walked in silence to the outside; the hall echoed with only the sound of their shoes as they walked across the floor. Some people had the decency to look away; others stared, mouths agape, at the most scandalous scene of the season.

Silence filled the carriage on the ride home and exhaustion overwhelmed Nicholas. Taking a breath required almost too much effort. He had managed to ruin not only his own life because of his brash decisions, but also Sai's. She would be forced to marry him regardless of his reputation. Backing out would leave her forever ruined for a good match. Why did she do it? She would never understand how much love she expressed to him in that moment of acceptance. He sighed, and Lady Fenton cleared her throat.

Sai was the first to speak. "When do I get to meet him, Nicholas?"

Nicholas nearly choked. "Who?"

Sai smiled brilliantly as she reached over and patted his hand. "Your son."

She knew. Of course she knew. Lady Fenton was one of the few women who knew the full truth of the twisted tale. Yet the truth of what happened that night had been safely locked away in his heart as well as Lady Fenton's. There was no way for them to have known that tonight of all nights, his life would be ruined. His throat felt dry and achy. He feared if he spoke it would come out shaky and dripping with emotion. He swallowed again before answering "Tonight, if that's agreeable?" He knew that normally it was frowned upon for a betrothed couple to be alone, but given the circumstances he hoped Lady Fenton would take pity.

Lady Fenton eyes scanned his briefly before she knocked on the door. "Sir, please drop me off at the manor, then see to it that the couple goes to Renwick House." She understood.

"Yes, my lady," the driver called.

Within minutes, Lady Fenton said her goodbyes, and Nicholas was left alone with Sai. He never felt more afraid in his life. His entire soul seemed to have been opened up to her, leaving every nook and cranny of his heart exposed. Would she accept him? That was the question. The irony brought a sad smile to his lips. Not an hour ago he was begging her to leave him alone, but now he felt if she wouldn't have him, his heart would cease to beat.

"Are you amused, my lord?" Sai asked. As she waited for Nicholas to respond, she carefully moved to his side of the carriage and sat. "I would think you, of all people, would have trouble finding something to smile about at a time like this."

"Me, of all people?" he asked curious.

"Yes. You-the negative cynic, my lord." Sai raised an eyebrow.

"Ah yes. Well, there is that," he answered dryly. "There is also the largest scandal to sweep the ton that now taints both our names, but that's hardly worth smiling about."

She smiled in return making him want to kiss her pretty little mouth until the smile melted from her lips.

"So?" she prompted.

I have to say it.

When had he ever been a coward? Oh, that's right. Ever since Sai waltzed into his life. He lost himself in her eyes and lifted a warm hand to her face. "You make me smile, Sai. What you did, who you are-you are the reason that amidst this terrible night, I wear a smile on my face."

Her eyes pooled with tears, silencing him. And suddenly Nicholas wanted nothing more than to comfort her. He pulled her gently into his lap and caressed her neck and arms.

"Thank you," he whispered against her hair.

The carriage rattled to a stop far too soon. Nicholas silently cursed himself for not telling the driver to continue around the block a few more times, until he was good and ready to relinquish this moment in Sai's arms.

There was no time to prepare her as they were greeted at the door by the nurse. Nicholas managed a weak smile when two-year-old Duncan came tumbling toward him.

"How was your night, my lord?" the nurse inquired as Duncan continued to make his way to Nicholas.

"It had its ups and downs," he answered truthfully, then picked up his son; the son he helped create not so long ago. Duncan was an exact replica of the woman he so long ago had an affair with. A sickening feeling descended like a choking fog. It was his fault this boy was brought into the world this way. Yet he couldn't help but feel proud as well. He didn't care much for his own reputation anymore, and he desperately wanted to protect that of his son and the woman whom he cared so deeply about.

It wasn't until that night Nicholas realized how much he did care for Sai. He would rather die for her than put her through any more humiliation. What was it about him she wanted anyway? He had the worst reputation of the ton and now an illegitimate son to boot. Maybe if he found out why she needed to marry, other than to save her reputation, he could redeem himself. He kissed Duncan on the head and looked at a smiling Sai.

"This is my son, Duncan."

As if on cue, Duncan reached out to Sai with pudgy hands. Sai laughed and took him into a little embrace. Nicholas was stunned when Sai began singing a lullaby to his little boy. Within minutes, he was sleeping. The little devil was actually sleeping. The nurse had spent the better part of two days trying to get him to bed, and Sai merely sang a song and he was putty in her hands.

Like father like son, a little voice chimed annoyingly in his head.

"Time for bed," he whispered to Duncan, and Sai handed him back to the nurse.

As he helped Sai into the carriage to return to Lady Fenton's home, Nicholas knew what he would do; he would locate Sai's family and explain the situation to them. Surely they wouldn't want such scandal blackening their name, and then he would offer as much money as it took to make sure Sai had a chance to find a love match. She deserved that, not some pitiful marriage to a second or third son. By next season the gentlemen would forget she'd been ruined by him and set about to marry her anyway. He shook his head. What was he thinking? Could he honestly live without her touch? Her laughter? It would be the most extreme type of self sacrifice to let her go, yet he could tell that she was holding something back. It wasn't in her nature to hide things; she was one of the most honest people he knew. It had to be disappointment, for she knew it would be impossible to have his heart, the one thing she wanted most. Dare he try to give her the most precious part of himself? Broken pieces that might never be whole?

Shaking the conflicting thoughts from his head he grabbed a sheet of paper and penned a quick note to Lady Fenton explaining the situation. Hopefully she would understand it was the best option for Sai. He inquired about Sai's family and asked her to write back with all haste. He sent the note off with one of his men, managing to make it all the way up the stairs into his chambers before dozing off.

Chapter Thirteen

Sara couldn't remember a time when she had slept more poorly than last night. Her thoughts went back to the previous night. What had come over her? She had no idea. But when Nicholas walked into the room and proudly met the faces of the ton, she had been left with no choice. It was obvious what everyone expected her to do. Shun him, break off the engagement and walk away. Impossible to play into their silly games. Yes, she had been hurt, but what good would it be to take it out on those around her. Those she cared about. Because despite everything Nicholas had said and done, she cared deeply for him, at the expense of her own feelings.

Yawning, she descended the great stairs to her aunt's breakfast table, eyes swollen with sleeplessness. A mere twelve hours ago she had received the news of Nicholas's scandalous past, and then met Nicholas's dear son. It was a tragic situation; but the real tragedy was Duncan no longer had a mother to look after him, and poor Nicholas looked like he didn't know whether to run from the child or hug him.

Nicholas hadn't said much to her last night after Duncan went to bed. He kissed her hand and thanked her again, making her knees weak at his tender touch. He said he would call on her today which was enough to drag her out of bed at this ungodly hour instead of sleeping until noon.

She felt vulnerable and feared that everyone around her could see how unsure she was about everything. Her hands shook as she sat down at the table and grabbed her tea cup. Her aunt cleared her throat but didn't look up from her tea until Sara finished a piece of hard toast.

"My dear, Nicholas is waiting for you in the study," her aunt said rather awkwardly.

Sara knew he would be calling on her today, but it was extremely early for him to be showing up at her home. Normally a gentleman waited until noon. She had risen early because she had to gather her thoughts. She excused herself and hurried into the study to find Nicholas lying on the loveseat with his eyes closed. He looked like an angel; too bad there was something of a devil present as well. However, if she had to admit it to herself, she very much liked both personalities, when they were kept in balance.

She sauntered over to the couch and nudged his foot. A sound very much like a snore escaped him, but he didn't move. Irritated, she pushed him harder, nearly losing her own balance in the process. Unfortunately for Nicholas, he was already off balance from leaning back on the loveseat and promptly went tumbling to the floor. Mumbling an oath, he brought his hands out just in time to catch himself.

"Oh no, have you fallen?"

He shot her an irritated look and gathered himself back into his seat. "Hasn't anyone ever told you never to wake a sleeping man?"

"Of course, I merely thought I was waking a bear, my mistake." She curtsied and flashed him a smile.

"I want to know who you are," he said with eyes piercing into hers. The teasing was officially over. Her stomach did a few flip flops before she rose and faced the fireplace.

"Not lies, Sai, the truth. This is your first season, yet you are one and twenty. Nobody has heard of you, and I know nothing of your origin. Are you orphaned?"

Her laugh was hollow. "I wish."

"What a terribly confusing thing to say." His breath was hot on her neck, and she realized he was standing directly behind her. "Do you have brothers or sisters? Is your family rich or poor?"

She nodded but then shook it as if she was confused herself. Then Sara turned to face him. "I guess I owe you this much, considering what I know about you."

He wrapped his arms around her and possessively pulled Sara into his embrace. "I was thinking that exact same thing." He walked away and pulled the cord. "Which is why I arranged a picnic for us on my estate. We will go riding, eat, drink wine, play with Duncan-if he's had his nap-and you will tell me all about yourself, Sai, including why you are really in London."

Alarm enveloped her suddenly. How much could she really tell him? She would, of course, tell him of her life, but nothing of the way her parents treated her. It would only upset him and cause him to pity her, and pity was the last thing she wanted from him, of all people.

She managed a brief smile as she took his arm. "Are we to leave immediately?"

"Of course, the carriage is already waiting."

A man who knows what he wants. Now if only that would include her.

Nicholas helped her into the carriage, but not without her noticing how much his hands lingered across her hips. She bit her lip to keep from saying anything that would cause him to question her feelings for him. This day was about sharing part of herself with him, not about confessing undying love and devotion.

Nicholas joined her in the carriage and patted the seat next to him. She pretended to be dismayed he would assume she would sit next to him in such close quarters. He merely waited, eyebrow raised, for her to move, knowing full well she had every intention of moving close to him. Once she sat down, the entire carriage became like a small airless room. The tension between them was astonishingly penetrating, causing her feel the need to fan herself, never mind that it was a rather cool morning.

"No need to be nervous, Sai," Nicholas commented smoothly. "I give my word, I won't touch you. You need not fear that the beast will emerge and steal away your innocence." He winked at her, but it did not set her any more at ease. If anything, it proved to her that not only did he notice the tension between them, but he also understood he had little control when it came to their bodies touching-and the kissing. Control wasn't even a word in the dictionary when they were kissing.

She managed a little laugh before looking back out the window, silently pleading for him to at least grab her hand. Every nerve in her body threatened to explode with passion at any minute. "We're here!" he announced, lifting her hand to his lips. His lips barely touched her glove, but her body responded as if he had just taken her in his arms. Her knees buckled, sending her sailing into his waiting arms outside the carriage.

"I'm astounded that you lasted that long." He breathed into her hair. "May I just say you have the nerves of steel, my lady? If I would have had to sit next to you for much longer, I would have jumped out of the carriage myself. And I mean that in the most complimentary way." He smiled at her warmly as she stepped out of his arms and back onto the firm ground. So he felt the tension between them. Good, let him suffer. Of course, she was also suffering along with him. No wonder people had quick engagements.

"Where is the picnic?" she asked forcing the carriage ride fiasco out of her mind.

"Just down the road," he pointed to the back of his estate. "I have a small pond with ducks near an inviting field of wildflowers, I thought we could visit. Would you like to walk or ride?" He turned to ask, but she was already running and laughing into the field.

***

"Run it is," Nicholas mumbled to himself and chased after her.

By the time he caught up with her, she had successfully taken down her hair, so it flowed in soft waves about her shoulders. Her bonnet had gone flying somewhere back by the dirt road, and her face was lifted up to the sky in worship. "I could live here," she said breathlessly.

"I want that," he answered.

Her head inclined toward his. "What exactly do you want?"

Smiling, he shook his head momentarily breaking eye contact as he announced breathlessly. "You. Everywhere."

He hadn't meant to be so honest, but nature had a way of making him feel alive without blemish or secrets. Her blush deepened as he continued to stare at her perfect face. "Tell me about yourself, Sai. I want to know everything."

"It's Sara."

"Who's Sara?" he asked looking around.

"No, you misunderstand. I'm Sara. My aunt changed my name, so it would sound more foreign for my launch into society."

He bit his lip to keep from biting hers. "Sara," he repeated. "It fits better than Sai does. I don't know why I didn't see it before." He leaned closer to her, just close enough to be able to smell the lemons on her skin. "Tell me more," he whispered near her ear.

Her rich laughter made him dizzy with desire and aching need. Good Lord, when had he ever been so spellbound by a woman?

"I grew up in the country."

"You're making that up."

"Am not!" she snapped and threw a flower at him. "Listen like a good boy, or I won't continue." She crossed her arms in protest. He wanted to uncross her arms...among many other things he was dying to do to her in that field.

"Go on," he enticed, noticing his voice had grown husky. Perfect; now she knew the level of attraction.

"As I was saying." She glared in his direction, and he tossed his head back in a laugh. "I grew up in the country, my sisters ran off to Gretna Green. They married twin brothers with no title and no fortune, leaving me as the only hope to marry and save my family."

He had figured as much, not the whole marrying twins part, but the part where she needed money. "How much do you need?"

She looked at him annoyed. "That's the problem. I have no idea. It never seemed bad. In fact, we always seemed to have more than enough."

"So you have no dowry?"

Pain flashed across her face as she looked away. "No, no. Only my sisters."

He paused. "That doesn't make sense, Sara." Her true name rolled off his tongue naturally. "Why give your sisters dowries but not you? If anything it should have been equally spread amongst the daughters. That's the way these things are done."

"You said there were ducks?" she asked, getting up. Obviously that part of her family history was not to be discussed. He wondered why. Was she illegitimate? No, she would have said as much. What was she hiding? Apparently, he wasn't the only one with secrets.

"Just over there," he pointed to a small pond with tiny ducks and a few swans.

"I always wanted to be one."

"A duck?" he came up from behind and hugged her, in the most platonic way he knew how, which wasn't at all platonic, but he had to touch her.

"No." She turned to him with a scolding look. "A swan, of course."

He shook with soft laughter behind her. If she couldn't see she was indeed a swan now, she would never see it. "You're not who I thought you were," he crooned into her lemon-scented hair.

She stiffened beneath his touch. "Is that an insult or a compliment?"

He kissed her hair; he couldn't help it. "Most definitely a compliment. When I first met you I presumed you to be selfish and spoiled. Instead I find you are the kindest creature I have ever met. I know it's selfish, but I don't want to let you go."

She shifted to face him, still in his tight embrace. "Then why does it feel as if you're always trying to say goodbye?"

He had no response. Even he didn't understand why, so how could he explain to her that he couldn't resist his need to pull her close to him, all the while trying desperately to get her to see the reasons he was no good for her. He had a choice, and he made it. He would marry her, but he would offer her an out within a year. It wasn't uncommon. She would receive money from him, and after a year, when things died down, she would be able to annul the marriage and find someone more deserving of her status.

"Marry me," his voice was deep with conviction.

Her head snapped up. "Truly?"

Nicholas felt like he could fly. To make it official he knelt on one knee and confessed, "I adore you; I want to make you happy. My only doubts are that I will somehow fail in that aspect. We both know I bring my soiled reputation and my illegitimate child to the table with this marriage. I want you, but I know it's a lot to ask. You're young. Let's marry this week as promised, and I will give you a contract in your name that allows an annulment for any reason within a year. In the meantime, I'll take care of you and your family and, hopefully, salvage your reputation in the process."

Her eyes pooled with glassy tears. He knew it wasn't the most romantic of proposals, but he needed to be upfront and honest with her before she got her hopes up. "You shouldn't marry me. I'm still allowing you an out Sai. I want you to be able to make your own choice. I want to convince you to hate me, to say no to me. Selfishly I feel like a torn man. One side of me wants to treat you abominably so you annul our marriage. The other side wants to woo you until you're sick of the sight of me." He took a steadying breath "I don't want regrets for selfishly trying to keep you when you weren't mine to take."

Before she had a chance to respond, he leaned over and kissed her on the mouth. Careful to keep his body under control, he felt at any moment he would, in fact, die a slow and painful death from the need of her.

Sara's response was swift and intoxicating, sending tremors through his body. How did a maiden know how to kiss so soundly? He groaned as he pushed himself up from the ground taking her with him. Swinging her around like she was nothing but a little girl he laughed against her lips. "Is that a yes?"

She looked away. "Only if you can catch me." And she ran off into the field leaving his heart pumping with desire. He put the energy to good use and ran after her, tackling her by the picnic basket onto a big blanket.

"Ouch!" he yelled. "I think I landed on a rock." He got up to inspect the damage but was left breathless at the sight of his soon-to-be bride. She was sprawled across the blanket, already putting strawberries into her perfectly pouted mouth. Odd, that in the time he had known her he had become jealous of everything she touched, first the flower and now strawberries?

Marriage can't come soon enough, he grumbled to himself as he sat down beside her.

"It won't be easy for you."

"Marriage?" she asked mockingly. "No, I doubt it would be easy for anyone, but the good things never are."

Nicholas grinned. "I wasn't talking about marriage, but you are correct in your assumption. Good things always take more work, but the benefit is that much more satisfying."

She returned his smile. "Then you're referring to being your wife amidst all the scandal, but I can handle it. I assure you, I'm much stronger than I look."

He gazed down, silently cursing himself for being so vulnerable. "You aren't ashamed of me?" He couldn't bring himself to look back into her eyes out of fear of her response.

How many times had he lain awake at night cursing himself for being such a foolish boy? Granted, it was only two years ago, but it might as well have been a different lifetime. Since finding God, his whole life was different. He had more purpose. His intentions were no longer selfish, but to seek the best for everyone around him. He tried to justify to himself that the duke had deserved everything that happened to him. But his conscience told him the truth.

Lisa was his first real love. He thought she would be his only love. The duchess had hated her name and despised anyone to call her anything except for "Your Grace." But often she allowed Nicholas to call her by her first name. He relished the times they had enjoyed the intimacy of using first names, which unfortunately, were only when they were alone grasped in sin.

He sighed just as Sara put her hand on his arm. "How could I be ashamed of you? I'll admit, currently you're a mess. But you've been a good friend, and a loving father for bringing Duncan back.. You will be an excellent husband, and most of all, you tried to make something good out of what happened so long ago. How foolish would it be for me to hold your past sins against you? God doesn't, so why would I?"

Such a simple answer, but it was like balm for his torn heart. It made him want to do anything in his power to make sure Sara never spent a day, never had a moment when she might feel unhappy. He would rather be a servant in her household than never see her again. That thought alone was humbling for someone of his selfish past.

He pulled her arms to him and kissed her palms, letting his face caress her hands as if they were the finest silk in the land, which is exactly what it felt like to him.

"I guess we should tell Lady Fenton that we wish to proceed?" he suggested.

Sara giggled. "Poor Aunt. She's probably had more attention this week than in her entire life. Yes, let's tell her. We'll have the wedding breakfast at Fenton House and the ceremony in one of the small churches?"

The last part was more of a question, leaving Nicholas panicked. If they married in a church, the whole of the ton would want to come just to see if the bride left the groom standing at the altar. Sara seemed to notice the panic in his face. "You know, we can always do a small ceremony and a reception at Fenton House afterwards?"

He exhaled slowly, finally releasing the air he had been harboring over the last few seconds, and smiled. "I just want you to be happy, Sara. Your wish is my command."

"In that case...I want a pony."

"So almost any wish."

"An island?"

He laughed.

"How about a pony on an island?"

He shook his head. "I'll see what I can do."

She giggled. "Too much? Well, on second thought, I guess you'll just have to do."

"Your ability to humble me is extraordinary," he beamed and pulled her into a kiss.

"Get used to it," she whispered against his lips. Nicholas responded by tackling her and stealing the strawberries.

Chapter Fourteen

Sara walked through the doors of her aunt's house, giddy with delight. Her heart thumped wildly in her chest. Impossible for her to contain her excitement; with every breath he heart threatened to explode. It took every ounce of self-control just to keep herself from smiling everywhere she went. She was getting married in a few days to the most beautiful man she had ever seen. Sure, scandal seemed to follow him at every turn, and he did have a son out of wedlock, but she found herself inexplicably drawn to him. In a way, they needed each other. Nicholas's heart was half-broken from past mistakes, and hers was just starting to beat again and regain courage after a childhood riddled with neglect and scorn from the people who should have loved her most. The two of them could find love in each other, or so she hoped.

It was easy to see Nicholas still wanted to punish himself. In spite of his disclosure about the contract for the first year of their marriage, he escorted her home earlier that day and explained their plans to Lady Fenton.

Sara expected her to be shocked, but she merely said she assumed as much and had already made some inquires as to which churches were available for the ceremony. Sara had to admit her aunt was surprising her more and more each day.

"Sara?" Her aunt's voice was soft and cautious behind the closed door of her room.

"Yes?" she answered.

"May I speak with you?"

Sara opened the door to her aunt and Davina holding a tray of tea and biscuits. "Of course, Aunt. Do come in."

They sat near the fireplace silently eating the biscuits and drinking tea. Her aunt was the first to break the silence. "Davina, will you excuse us, please?"

Davina flashed a worried glance toward Sara and curtsied.

Lady Fenton's hands were trembling as she put her teacup back onto the tray. "My dear, I have a confession to make."

"Another?" Sara asked before realizing how sarcastic it would sound. She opened her mouth to apologize, but her aunt smiled in response. She was probably used to Sara speaking before thinking.

"Yes, I know. It seems I've done nothing but hide the truth from you and manipulate you, but I do believe your marriage will be a love match-if he lets you in, that is." So, her aunt also saw how much he guarded himself; she would need to work with him on becoming more vulnerable.

"I want to talk to you about your parents."

Sara's stomach clenched at the thought of her parents. Their treatment of her, as if she was an unwelcome stranger in her own home. "What about my parents?"

"You have to understand, my dear. They did the best they could, given the circumstances. I owe them so much more than I'm willing to admit." Her aunt was beginning to pale as the conversation drew on. "I was so young when it happened. I had no idea the consequences of my choice. I wanted to marry an earl or a viscount. I had no other options."

"What are you talking about?" Sara whispered, leaning toward her now noticeably frail aunt. She was speaking in riddles.

"I fell in love; I let the duke seduce me with his smooth words. He always joked about wanting to marry, but I took him seriously. When I found out I was with child, he offered to fund a family to adopt the child, so nobody would get wind of the scandal. In my heart I couldn't do that, so I took the child into the country to be raised by my sister and her husband." Sara's aunt stared at her own trembling hands. She paused, as if struggling with something. When she continued, it was by pure force of will, dredging out the words that were so obviously weighing heavily on her. "It wasn't until recently, a few short weeks ago, I realized the treatment you were actually receiving. At the time I was so shocked to see your state that I was angry. Angry at myself for not being brave; angry that you were more beautiful than I could have imagined; angry that I missed your entire childhood."

Sara's mind reeled, What was the woman saying? Lady Fenton shook her head fiercely, "I never meant for you to believe you were ugly. I was the one who was ugly with my words and actions. It was too easy to take my anger out on you. But since you've come to stay with me, as I have watched you handle yourself in all these dreadful circumstances, I have seen that you are everything I never was and more. You are far more beautiful and kind than I could ever dream to be. I-" She cut off abruptly and lifted a handkerchief to her eye.

Sara couldn't think; she couldn't speak. All those years, all those horrible years of enduring unfair treatment from her parents. She thought they despised her and viewed her as useless, ugly, and different. No wonder she looked nothing like her family! She had been living with an aunt and uncle the entire time! She wanted to scream, My entire life has been a lie! But then again, hadn't she always known? Did she ever really feel connected to her family? No, she was more attuned to the families in books; the ones which didn't exist. In her heart, she felt nothing for those who raised her. They abused her verbally and treated her like a slave.

"I am so proud of you, Sara. And I do truly believe this match with Lord Renwick will be perfect for you. I am sorry to say the money I left you was taken by your parents, when I signed you over to their care."

"Why didn't you come sooner?" Sara asked calmly. Thoughts of how badly she'd been treated made her want to cry at the injustice.

"I'm ashamed to admit I only recently told my husband of your existence. I told myself you were happier without me. When I heard of your sisters' elopement and your parents' need for funds, I scolded myself for not checking up on you more consistently. I told myself I would see how you fared and leave money with your parents. Instead I found myself begging your mother to allow you to come back with me for a season. They won't release their hold on you until you are married, my dear. Then you will be your husband's property, and you will be free of them."

"I need to think about all of this. I need...time," Sara said slowly, wondering how she was able to sound so calm when everything inside her, everything she knew about herself, was in utter chaos.

"I understand completely, my dear; I only ask one thing..."

Sara met Lady Fenton's gaze.

"Don't speak of this to Renwick just yet. He won't take the news very well."

Sara laughed bitterly. "I'm certain he'll take it better than I am. Surely keeping it a secret from him will only cause more grief."

Her aunt's eyes glistened with guilt-ridden tears as she fingered the handle of the teacup in her hands. Lifting her head she half-whispered, "He won't take it well, Sara, because your father was the duke Nicholas killed."

Sara froze. Had she heard her aunt wrong? No, the tension in the room gave way to the truth coming from her aunt's lips. Her father...was a duke, and not just any duke-the same duke her fiance had killed in the infamous duel two years ago. The knowledge would devastate Nicholas; the truth had the power to destroy everything they had struggled to build these past few weeks. If he found out before the wedding, he would surely bow out for fear the match would do nothing but destroy what was left of her reputation. The guilt alone would be too much for Nicholas to bear on his own, and he already had a lion's share of guilt on his shoulders. No, she had to keep it from him, until the right time.

"When Lord Renwick and I marry, my parents-or I should say, aunt and uncle, they'll no longer have a legal hold over me?"

Lady Fenton looked relieved. "Yes, Sara. That's correct. You will be the property of Renwick, and you can stay here. They will have no claim on your money or anything else, for that matter. I hope, in due time, to restore your title, the title you deserve. You are still the daughter of a duke."

Sara nodded mutely. The daughter of a duke. All those years dreaming and wishing she were someone else, and she had always wanted to be a princess. At the time she wished for any sort of escape, if it meant that she could live as someone else or be someone else. Now, it seemed so cruel when the truth was laid out in front of her.

"I look like you," Sara finally choked out; she hadn't the courage to look her aunt in her eyes, but knew her aunt's face was heavy with emotion.

"Yes, my dear. You do. You also resemble the man I once loved."

Sara licked her lips to ask the question she had been dreading, "What was the duke's name?" She corrected herself adding, "My father's name?"

Lady Fenton smiled weakly. "William Blaire the Duke of Haines."

The name was familiar, even to Sara. The Duke of Haines had been one of the most widely known dukes of the ton before his death. He had more money than the rest of the lords put together. He also had a notorious reputation of being a philanderer and a shrewd businessman. No wonder his wife wanted to get away from him. She had to be no older than sixteen when they married. That meant the duke was in his early forties when he died.

"He was five and forty when he died, my dear," Lady Fenton said softly. "I was a mere child when we were together, only sixteen myself. His bride was sixteen when they married, leaving a large gap between their years. She, of course, never knew about me. Nobody knew about me. Like I said, my own husband had no idea until a year ago."

"Why tell me now? Why now?" Sara's voice wavered with emotion. She wanted nothing more than to sink into Nicholas's arms and tell him the whole story. She ached for his comforting touch, but willed herself to remain strong here with her aunt... her mother.

"It is time, Sara. Time you know the truth. You are lovely. Everything about you is pure and untouched. You have a pure heart and innocent nature, and you must know that you have the rarest beauty, my dear-I can't change the past, but I hope to change your future."

Sara nodded, unable to speak anymore. "I'm tired," she managed to say.

"I should say so," Lady Fenton whispered. "Sleep well, my dear. I will send Davina when it is time to dress for dinner."

Sara yawned and tumbled into her bed, not bothering to remove her soiled afternoon dress or her walking shoes. It had been a wonderful day with Nicholas and a long painful afternoon with her aunt... her mother. What was she to call her now? That was the least of her worries...she had a wedding to plan. All she needed to do was to make it through the vows, so Nicholas would have no way to back out. Her heart was too involved with his now; to pull out of the wedding now would surely kill her.

Exhaustion swept over her, and she sighed heavily. She had no idea when it happened. It may have even been the first moment they touched, but she loved him. Sara knew he may never reciprocate, but she clung to the hope her love would be enough for both of them. It must be enough, especially with the troubled waters ahead. The ton could somehow gain information about her past and use it against them. But for now, she was content to fall asleep thinking about Nicholas's deep kisses and tender touches, and about a time in her life when things were not this complicated.

Chapter Fifteen

Nicholas woke up refreshed. Today he would be getting married. Sara had done an excellent job of keeping things private; it made his heart constrict at the thought of her sacrifice. She was marrying him in a small ceremony rather than for the ton to see-a girl like her should be seen on her wedding day. He did have some surprises for her, surprises that would surely seal her fate as the future Countess of Renwick.

He tried to wipe the indelible smile off his face but failed. He couldn't help how happy he was. Not only was he getting married, but little Duncan had warmed up to Sara like a child would to his own mother. It was truly touching seeing them together. Maybe he wouldn't have to annul the marriage after all. Maybe by the end of the year, he would feel like they were a family, and stop punishing himself for his past sins. God knew Nicholas wanted someone to love him and someone whom he could love back. He was on the road to that kind of love with Sara. They only needed more time, the time afforded to them by pledging themselves to each other today.

Hopefully the time he spent wooing her after the wedding would suffice to heal his shame-ridden heart and create the possibility for a lasting marriage, without the nagging scandal that now hung over them. If it were only up to him, he would commit to eternity this instant, but he feared his selfish motives would lead to more pain for Sara. He was still deeply wounded, not sure if he would ever be whole enough to be a good husband. Yet he felt a bit of hope that possibly Sara had faith in him that he could be the man of her dreams. The man she deserved.

He only wished Sara's parents could make it to the wedding. When he questioned her about their attendance, she turned quiet and changed the subject. Not at all like the Sara he'd grown to care for over the past few days. Nicholas decided to allow the subject to drop. After all, they hadn't provided her a dowry, so it was not surprising they cared so little about their daughter's nuptials. Obviously, they weren't a close family. He wanted to remedy that as soon as possible, when he made his surprise visit to them after the honeymoon.

Nicholas stretched out of his bed and went to the bath. He wasn't one to admit his affinity for the bath, considering only women bathed daily, but it felt good on his sore muscles. He had been up late the past few nights making sure everything was in place for his new bride. He had paid a very high price to have her room redecorated but it was to be a surprise for her. The finishing preparations were completed early that morning, and his body was paying for it.

He washed himself and hummed a tune then his valet came in to dress him. Sara had chosen a beautiful velvet coat with gold buttons for him to wear. She had no idea the gold was solid, but it wasn't as if he couldn't afford it. He wanted to spare no expense. Lady Fenton actually shed a tear when he also paid for Sara's wedding dress. In all honesty, Lady Fenton was more emotional than Sara. You'd think she was the one getting married with as much fuss as she had made over the decorations and food.

What had once seemed a strained relationship between the two women had now blossomed into a fairytale. They poured themselves over plans for the wedding, and Nicholas often found them giggling in the corner like schoolgirls. He smiled and rolled his eyes but silently thanked the Lord above that Sara had been given such a gracious and loving aunt.

Though he trusted her with his past, Nicholas had never particularly enjoyed his cousin's company, but now that Sara was in his life, his fondness for Lady Fenton grew at alarming speed. He was even contemplating having her become Duncan's stand-in grandmother, since his own parents were gone.

He gazed into the mirror and smiled; his face would fall off if he kept this ridiculously joyful expression pasted there much longer. His valet rolled his eyes and mumbled something about a lovesick school boy, stopping Nicholas dead in his tracks.

Good God, it had happened so swiftly and almost as easily He was besotted, lovesick and totally vulnerable. He was in love. The thought choked him up. His valet was right. Nicholas was disgustingly sick over his love for Sara. It wasn't even lust anymore, for when he thought about her, it was her smile and her character that inhabited his mind. Granted, when he touched her, or even allowed his eyes to venture over her body, his rakish side responded in other ways, but wasn't it good to have lust and love? Hadn't he only recently discovered it was possible to entertain both emotions?

Nicholas shook his head. His desire was for more than her body. It was for her mind, her soul, her entire heart. He wanted it all.

Could he tell her? Should he tell her? He couldn't. He needed to prove himself first, prove himself worthy. Rejection would be too painful if Sara didn't feel the same way. He had hurt her deeply in so many ways, and she still agreed to marry him. But was it pity? Or her family's need for money? Both were possibilities. Regardless, they had become friends, and she cared for him too-of this he was certain. But Nicholas doubted he was worth loving, the way that a man should be loved by his wife. And it was for this reason he had to prove himself worthy.

He shook the dark thoughts from his head and ran down the stairs. Duncan waited at the bottom of the staircase in his most dashing new outfit of shiny black boots and a miniature version of Nicholas's black jacket. "Daddy's getting married today!" Nicholas crooned into Duncan's ear.

Duncan clapped his hands and smiled. "Ma-wy Sa?" It was what he called Sara, since he had trouble with his R's.

Nicholas smiled. "Yes, Daddy marry Sa." He plopped Duncan into the nurse's hands and tipped his hat. He was out the door in a flash, and before he had time to even count the minutes, he was directly in front of the church waiting for Sara.

The church was nicely decorated with white roses. It made him want to break out in a wide grin. It was simple. A week ago he would have said it fit Sara perfectly. Yet after knowing her in the way he did, he realized no flower-or object for that matter-could truly describe a woman who was so deep and intricately put together. The pews in the church each had a single lit candle which led the way down to where his future bride would meet him. Only a few close friends were seated in the pews, Belverd included, whose smug smile was enough to tempt Nicholas to punch him. The bet was lost. No longer would he receive the much sought-after feather, but his prize was far greater. Even his old friend's ribbing could not deflate his joy today.

The groom stood at the altar and fought to retain a shred of dignity. Nicholas was so nervous; he couldn't even remember what Sara looked like. Then in perfect timing, the doors to the church opened and there she stood.

Sara was draped in a beautifully crafted silk gown adorned with tiny diamonds encrusted throughout the bodice. It fell into a beautiful train down the back and wrapped snugly around her body in all the right places, then descended into a flowing skirt, making her waist appear as the daintiest of flowers. The white of the dress was a stark contrast to her dark hair and skin. She looked like a foreign princess, not some country maiden during her debut. It was almost uncomfortable how beautiful she looked-like a vision, and Nicholas worried if he touched her, the dream would somehow fade, and Sara would back away slowly and regret her decision to come in the first place.

Just as the fears cascaded through Nicholas's consciousness, Sara smiled. His insides began melting, and she slowly glided toward him, arms outstretched, which was improper, but she had little care for the propriety of the ton.

They grasped hands and smiled at each other. Nicholas bent down and kissed her cheek; he really couldn't help himself. The priest cleared his throat in protest; he was lucky Nicholas kept it to one kiss rather than kidnapping his beautiful bride and locking her in his room right now.

"Please be seated." The priest signaled the beginning of the ceremony. Nicholas squeezed Sara's hand. It was time to get married.

Chapter Sixteen

Sara was thankful for answered prayers when she saw Nicholas's joyous smile light up the room. He looked dashing, far too dashing for someone like her. The dark coat hung snugly on his frame and left her feeling entirely too intoxicated by his presence. The coat paired with his dark features and crystal blue eyes would cause even a married woman to sell her home and most prized possessions just to be in his presence.

Never had she felt so nervous, not even when faced with rejection by her own parents or the ton. What if he left her at the altar? Worse, what if he rejected her and said no? She tried to keep her smile steady but began wavering when he leaned his head down to hers. Was he going to whisper that he couldn't go through with it?

Her fears ceased when she felt his warm lips caress her cheek, and he whispered into her ear so only she could hear, "You are beautiful."

It was all the confirmation she needed. Eyes pooling with tears, she listened to him proclaim his life-long vows, noticing that he too was getting choked up over the whole affair. She surprised even herself when her voice rang free and clear during her own. The priest pronounced them married and introduced them. It finally hit Sara that she was a countess now-how odd she hadn't thought of it this whole time. People had mentioned it before, of course, but she never dreamed she would be addressed as anything other than Lady Sai. She was now Countess of Renwick. It was enough to make her giddy with delight, to share a name with the man she so madly loved. Now if he would only share a fraction of his heart.

They ran to the carriage amidst cheers from the crowd and pulled away toward Fenton House.

"Come here," Nicholas ordered hoarsely, pulling her body onto his own. He wasted no time in showering her with kisses. Sara was having trouble breathing. It was almost too much to take in. This burning passion for Nicholas matched with an inconceivable joy.

Had they really just married? She wanted to pinch herself, but now that she was facing the reality of her situation, she wanted nothing more than to live in the dream presented before her.

Nicholas had foolishly married her because of his honor, but in his kiss was much more than honor. There was passion, and, dare she think it, love?

She laughed softly as he pulled her into his lap on his side of the carriage. "So Lady Renwick," he crooned into the nape of her neck. "Was it perfect?"

Sara wanted to pout and cross her arms, to show him she wasn't the happiest person in the world to be in his arms, but she really was. She couldn't conceal it. And thoughts of her parents who weren't actually her parents, that she had been lied to all her life, and that the person she was falling in love with promised her he would never give her his heart, would have to wait. Right now, this moment was all that mattered, and life couldn't get any better.

She sighed and kissed him wantonly across his mouth. "Nicholas Renwick, I do believe we are married."

He smiled, seeming to forget about his earlier question, and hungrily possessed her mouth again, as if the world would end that very second if he didn't kiss her until breath came in ragged and muffled gasps.

"Nicholas."

"Say my name again," he moaned huskily into her ear.

"Nicholas," she said, this time more insistently. "We're almost there." He reluctantly pulled away from her face and groaned. Was it her imagination, or did she see something smoldering behind his gaze?

"You're absolutely right. I have no idea what came over me." He winked at her and held out his hand. "Shall we?"

Through the fog of her own desire, she felt their carriage rumble to a stop in front of Fenton House. The timing had been impeccable. Was it wrong for her to want to stay in that carriage with her husband forever? Her heart ached with the memory of his claim to both woo her and persuade her to annul the marriage within the first year. The more time she spent with him, the more kisses they shared, the more she wanted to hang on and never let go, but would he ever feel the same way about her?

He kissed her hand softly and led her up the stairs into the massive home. When they reached the door, he turned with a slow smile spreading across his darkly handsome face. "We'll smile, shake hands, eat heartily, and then... you're mine."

Sara turned what she imagined to be an unattractive shade of red as her face felt like it was getting hotter by the minute. Nicholas laughed and ushered her into the great hall. 'You're mine'? Really? The possessive tone in his voice did odd things to her stomach making her feel even more excited about that night. She tried to still her hammering heart but found it useless. For every time her husband glanced her way, he sent her another of his alluring smiles, reminding her of the impending promise he had made. He meant it, she could tell. There was always a hint of amusement behind Nicholas's eyes, but this time she saw only amusement masked by sheer passion. What in the world had she gotten herself into?

***

Nicholas tried to calm himself. He nearly burst when Lady Fenton went on and on about the fish and how delightful it was to have such a wonderful French cook at Fenton House. "Really, Lord Renwick, you should endeavor to employ a French chef as soon as possible," she raved. She seemed appalled that anyone would choose to put off such an important matter. Insanity must reign in a house which refused to employ someone with such delicate tastes as her own French master.

Just as Nicholas felt he could take no more, he heard Sara laugh, and the all too familiar smoldering in his body began anew. At first it was like a small flame, easily dealt with after a few stolen kisses. But something had changed during that carriage ride; it suddenly occurred to him he was, in fact, kissing his wife-his wife! The thought nearly set him to laughing right there in the middle of the carriage. Of course, it would have upset Sara, and that was the last thing on this earth he wanted to do. However, at the top of his list was pleasing her beyond measure.

But then again, this marriage was after all a farce was it not? If he took that part of her, there would be no way for her to gain an annulment, then again, she could still get one, but it would kill whatever part of Nicholas's heart he had left. Was it possible for two people to share passion but not give to one another part of their hearts and souls? The sound of Sara's rich laugh jolted him from his thoughts, and he decided he didn't care. Blast it all! he thought as Lady Fenton inclined her head to him.

"Did you not hear me, Lord Renwick?" she asked coyly.

No, of course he didn't hear her because in that same moment his eyes had been drawn to the curve of Sara's body under her dress. He was too busy fantasizing about what his hand would feel like running down Sara's bare back when his cousin had made the unfortunate mistake of addressing him.

He cleared his throat. "Of course, Lady Fenton."

"Interesting," she said putting her napkin down on her lap. "I thought you, of all people, would be upset to hear that Sir Belverd died last night."

"What!?" he exclaimed, raising his voice higher than he intended.

"I'm only proving a point. He's fine, I'm sure. I knew you weren't listening; it's easy to read your true thoughts since you've been wearing them shamelessly on your sleeve for the past hour. Go. Take my niece and have your celebration."

He licked his lips and took a breath to say something, but for the first time in his life-well, that was a lie... for the second, third, fourth-he had easily lost track. He didn't care if the whole of London watched him whisk his wife away, and whisk he did, even though propriety demanded they stay at the breakfast for at least another hour. They said their goodbyes. He hardly noticed Lady Fenton's amused smile as he rushed Sara into the carriage.

"My turn," he whispered in her ear and lifted her into the carriage. Her face burned an innocent but beautiful crimson as she averted her eyes from his.

It was with great restraint Nicholas sat opposite his wife during the carriage ride to his house, and if he was being brutally honest with himself-which he had endeavored to be over the past few weeks-he was a bit frightened about overpowering her with his lustful tendencies. The air in the carriage seemed to choke him while he thought about all of the events about to take place.

Yes, he had the reputation of a rake, but people must know most reputations were hardly built on stable fact. Nicholas had taken a few mistresses over the years, but for the most part, it had been easy. He hadn't loved any but one, and considering how badly that relationship ended, he hadn't been inclined to enter into one since. All in all, he felt like a boy on his first date. How was he to act? What was he to do? On the outside he appeared much the confident doting husband, but his insides felt like jelly. He wanted every moment spent with Sara to be perfect for her.

Could a reformed rake forget himself and think only of his wife's pleasure? The thought had been haunting him the entire ride back. If Sara was nervous, she didn't show it. She chattered about the weather, the flowers, the scenery, so much gibberish, in fact, Nicholas was faintly reminded of Lady Fenton.

Then it hit him. She was petrified. Only when Sara was truly out of her element did she jabber on as if the world would crash down around them without her every spoken word to keep it holding firm in place. The thought comforted him more than he realized, and when they pulled up to his house, he knew exactly what he was going to do.

He had said he would woo, and woo he would. First, she needed to see all the changes he made to her room, the room that would be adjoining his own. He took a slight gamble in hopes she would one day join him in his room, and maybe, just maybe she would forget about his inability to give her his heart and stay with him anyway. A man could dream, and he was holding onto that dream for dear life.

What does one do with one's wife when he knows she could at any time annul their marriage? At least he was needed, he told himself. Without him she would have no fortune, no money of her own. At least he could help her take care of her family and offer her enough funds to secure her finances. He hadn't noticed how skinny and haggard she must have appeared at their first meeting. Although beautiful then, now she looked extraordinary. London had been good to her, which was odd; usually the country was good for Londoners.

Chapter Seventeen

His wife stifled a yawn and put her hand lazily into Nicholas's as she disembarked the carriage. It felt as if they had done nothing all day except get in and out of the blasted thing; he was ready to be done. In fact, he was ready to lock her away in his house-actually, his bedroom sounded even better. He smiled tensely at his butler, who merely rolled his eyes. Nicholas really did need to find better help, or at least help which would try to conceal their always-condescending opinions. His butler had, in fact, been around for nearly all Nicholas's life. Giles had to be close to eighty years old. He was more of a grandfather figure than Nicholas wanted to admit, so he easily saw through the young earl's cool facade with a single glance. Nicholas raised an eyebrow back as a challenge; but his butler simply chuckled and walked away.

"Where is the rest of the staff?" Sara whispered next to him.

"I dismissed them early today. I wanted to serve you, not have you be served by those who serve me." He hoped for her to get the point. Tonight wasn't about him; it was about her.

She looked somewhat panicked, which he hoped had more to do with nerves and less to do with being alone with him. He gently led her up the staircase and into the chambers, though it was early in the afternoon. Her small hand trembled on his arm, and she probably assumed he wanted to take her right now. She was in for a great surprise if she believed that to be the case.

"In you go." He opened the door to her chamber and smiled when he heard her gasp of approval.

"Is this mine?" she asked breathlessly. She paced around the room excitedly, gazing through the large window and picking up delicate flowers off the bed.

"It's all yours. I wanted you to have a room of your own, where you felt special." He was mentally patting himself on the back until he saw the glimmer of disappointment in her eyes. He panicked. "But, if you follow me you'll see what else I have in store for you."

He sounded like a bloody tour guide; he wanted to throw a drink in his own face for his obvious display of nerves.

"The rooms adjoin, so mine is just through here." He led her into his masculine bed chamber. While her chamber was filled with beautiful earth tone colors which he hoped would remind her of the country, his chamber was arrayed in blues and blacks, enough to make any bachelor want to set up camp and never leave again.

She smiled. "It suits you."

"I'm assuming you mean that as a compliment?" He put his hands on her shoulders and squeezed.

She shrugged her shoulders, leaving him in more suspense than he would have liked to admit.

"Are you hungry, Sara?"

Sara bit her lip and avoided his eyes. "I'm embarrassed to say yes, but so many people were talking to me during the breakfast I hardly had time to eat anything at all."

He had figured as much. Granted, Nicholas hadn't eaten for entirely different reasons. He was so busy lusting after his wife, he actually paid no heed to anyone, which Lady Fenton had proudly pointed out. "I've packed us a picnic," he said, taking her hand.

"Really?" She brightened up immediately. Heavens above, if that was all it took, he would pack a picnic every day.

"Really," he confirmed, kissing her hand. "If you'll just follow me, Lady Renwick, we'll see if all is ready for us outside."

"Outside?" she asked warily.

"Would you rather stay indoors?" He stopped in his tracks. Why was this woman, whom he had thought he knew, suddenly such a stranger?

"Um no, no. That's quite fine. Let's go outside." She brushed past him, leaving him staring after her as if someone he didn't recognize as being his wife. Marriage must do some odd things to women's nerves.

Normally conversation flowed easily between the two of them, but now it was like pulling teeth. Was she that reserved? He thought she accepted him for what and who he was; now he wasn't so sure. Why was it that once he was committed to someone, the doubt multiplied rather than diminished? Nicholas shook his head and led her outside to his lavish garden; remembering her love of wildflowers he took her to the field where a basket was already set up.

She ran to it, which was so incredibly like her that it made him chuckle. In seconds, her shoes were off and flying through the air. Her hair, once done in ornate fashion, was hanging all the way down to her shoulders. She looked like a magical fairy princess. And for some reason he didn't feel like the savior in the story, but the one being saved. He was the black knight stealing the young innocent bride. He needed to restrain himself; he must restrain himself.

Reminding himself of the many reasons for restraint, the walk to meet up with Sara was slow and steady. It was difficult to wipe the silly grin off his face as he watched his personal fairy princess dance in the wildflowers. What would it feel like to be so free? Sitting on the blanket covering the long flowers, he sighed. The colors of white, pink, and purple made Sara's dress look even more spectacular. He waited a few minutes until she joined him, breathless.

She pulled a flower out of her hair. "This is perfect."

"I thought you might like it," he said warmly. "Why don't we have some lunch and take a nap? I know it's been a long day for you already."

Disappointment flashed in her eyes again, but she quickly turned away and lifted a loaf of bread from the basket. What had he done wrong? If she only knew how challenging it was for him just to stay on his side of the blanket. He would never understand women.

They broke the bread and dipped it in oil. "I was half-starved," Sara murmured. She lay across the blanket seductively. The curve of h*ps glistened in the afternoon sun. Nicholas tried to speak, but the bread felt solid in his throat. He choked and reached for something to drink.

"Are you all right?" She sat up suddenly.

"Perfect," he answered, voice raspy. "Something just caught in my throat." His gaze burned into the inviting angle of her body. God was surely punishing him.

Chapter Eighteen

Sara could do nothing more except throw herself at her new husband. What more did he want? Weren't they to be married like a real married couple? Did he no longer desire her in that way? She had been so excited about the carriage ride because he kissed her so passionately, now he seemed to be paying more attention to his wine than to her. If he didn't slow down he would pass out on her before the sun even went down, unless that was his goal all along.

She took her hair down, knowing he loved to see it flow freely around her shoulders She had even done her best to lie across the blanket in a way that brought special attention to the curve of her body; instead he looked away as if angry.

"Nicholas?" she asked coyly.

His gaze was brooding at best; he actually looked upset rather than excited to be sharing a picnic with her.

"Yes?" His eyes darted back to the food.

"Do you think we could take a nap out on the field rather than inside?" She scooted closer to him, allowing her scent to permeate the tight bubble he had around his person.

"Uh..."

"Then we can go inside later?"

"Sure." His voice sounded unsure, but he'd agreed, which was exactly what she wanted. She hadn't planned on trying to seduce her husband, and frankly she didn't really know how. All she knew was that for some reason he was being an idiot, and she, being the female, needed to remedy the situation.

"Thanks," she said, stretching her hands into the air. She felt his hot gaze even though her eyes were closed. If looks could kill, she would be dead.

She took the opportunity to yawn and lift another strawberry to her mouth before stretching her body across his.

"Sara." His voice was small, not at all how she was used to hearing it.

"Hmm?" she asked innocently.

"I uh, I-"

"Do you always use such big words, Nicholas?" she teased, not opening her eyes. His body tensed beneath hers. Surely this was the bravest moment of her life as she began caressing the top of his leg. Even she felt his shudder and a smile crept upon her lips. Luckily she was facing away from him.

"Time to sleep," she said, even though it was absolutely the last thing on his mind now. Good, let him suffer for a while, she thought, then she sadly realized how tired she really was. Maybe she could sleep for a few minutes.

She woke up with a start. It was already dark outside; she could hear the crickets and feel the cool temperature. Somehow the blanket she had sprawled across was tucked around her body and Nicholas was sitting straight up next to her. She was mortified. She had tried to seduce her husband and fell asleep; she really was an innocent.

A smile played on Nicholas lips as he looked down at her. "Awake princess?"

She nodded glad he couldn't see her red face. "How long was I sleeping?"

"Four hours." Nicholas didn't even crack a smile.

"Four hours!" she yelled.

He shook with laughter and fell back onto the grass. "My, my you're fun when you wake up from a long sleep. Maybe I did stretch the truth. I actually fell asleep too, it seems we have only been out here around two hours, maybe one spent sleeping."

She exhaled, realizing she had held her breath. "Shall we go inside?" she asked, already getting up.

"Sure." His eyes squinted with laughter. "I have another surprise waiting for you." He grabbed her hand and kissed it. The kiss sent sensations all the way down to her toes. She could get used to being kissed on the hand like that.

Nicholas led her back into his immaculate home. He bit his lip and focused on pulling her up the stairs. He looked like a little boy on Christmas, which gave Sara tingling sensations in her stomach. The anticipation of what was to come was nearly too much to take. She hadn't seen him like this, ever.

"Just this way," he said softly in her ear. It was odd how often he whispered to her, as if speaking in his normal tone was too harsh for someone so precious. Whatever his reasons, it made her feel special. He led her back into her chambers and into another room she hadn't seen yet. It was small and smelled like fruit and soap. She looked down and nearly cried. He had had a bath prepared for her. It was perfect; then again, she wasn't sure what he wanted her to do. Was she supposed to bathe alone, or was he going to sit with her, or would he bathe with her? The thought, rather than frighten her, filled her with longing and anticipation. What would his hands feel like on her nak*d body? Closing her eyes momentarily, she allowed herself the little daydream of being alone with Nicholas in the large tub.

"I'll be in my chambers preparing a light supper when you're ready," he answered the probing questions in her mind. She tried to act nonchalant but felt that her face revealed the disappointment in him not staying. She had felt ugly all her life, and finally come to terms with who she was, yet on her wedding day he hadn't touched her since the carriage ride.

Desperate times called for desperate measures she told herself. She would bathe alone as he asked, but if her assumptions were correct, he was in fact lustful of her; he had said as much before. All she needed to do was give him a little push, and she would do exactly that.

A secretive hum passed her lips while she quickly undressed and sat down into the warm water and nearly choked with laughter. He had met his match; it was about time he realized that.

***

Nicholas paced in his room for close to an hour. If he kept it up, he would surely break the floor or forever mold it to his feet. He had felt bad the minute he left Sara alone in the bath. Had she wanted him to join her? It almost looked that way, but it also could have been his imagination playing tricks on him. He was, after all, a blubbering idiot, or at least that's what he felt reduced to at this point. Why couldn't he seduce her like any other girl?

The answer was simple: she wasn't any other girl, and he had in fact never seduced an innocent woman in his entire life. Sure he had a well-deserved reputation, but it wasn't because he walked around stealing the virtues of young debutantes. Most of his famous seductions were with older woman who were either married, bored with their spouses, or worse yet, cheated on.

He began to sweat when he thought about how he was to go about this night. He had put it off long enough and the last thing he wanted was for Sara to think he didn't want her. He wanted her all right; it was all he could think about. Surely this need would go away after a few stolen moments in her arms. He prayed it would, or he would be useless to everyone including himself.

Really, what was taking her so long? He raised his hand to knock on the door then lost courage. It took him a ghastly twelve minutes to finally compose himself enough to knock on the door without passing out. He was a disgrace to his sex.

"Come in," the voice echoed.

He relaxed and opened the door. Sara was nowhere to be found, he had imagined she would be standing in front of the door waiting, instead she was. Oh. Have mercy.

She was in the bathtub.

Still in the bathtub.

The inner struggle was obviously apparent to Sara. She merely smiled and asked him to please help dry her off. Was she insane? Had she lost her mind? That was like asking a tiger if he would like a cup of tea. Tigers didn't like tea; they liked to eat people. He didn't know whether to close his eyes, yell, jump in the tub with her, pull her into his room half nak*d, or quite frankly, cry. He decided against the first, because it's not as if he hadn't seen a woman nude before, and she was his wife, after all. He also figured yelling would bring servants into their chambers, which was the last thing he wanted. And jumping in the tub with her was completely out of the question considering she was getting out, so that left him with only the last few options. Cry.

Or take her into his room and ravish her until she begged for sleep.

Both options sounded good at the time.

"Nicholas, are you well?" her sweet voice interrupted his inner battle.

He cleared his throat as best he could. "Of course, sure, yes, why wouldn't it be?" He used an agonizing amount of affirmative answers in that sentence. Kicking himself would have felt better than the way her eyes teased him after his sorry answer.

He mentally yelled at himself and noticed a slender leg lift out of the tub and step onto the floor. It was like slow motion and his eyes traced from her delicate ankle all the way up her thigh. It felt wrong and right all at the same time. "Do you need my help?" he managed to ask even though his breathing had grown quite laborious over the past minute or so.

Sara looked at him through heavy lids and smirked. "Do you think you're in the best capacity to help me right now?"

An honest woman deserves an honest answer. "No." He swallowed.

"I figured. Why don't you pour us some wine, and I'll join you once I dress?"

He ignored the aching need all over his body and nodded his head. Words had trouble forming on his mouth so he managed to dip his head again before exiting into his own chambers.

Chapter Nineteen

He was a fool; an idiot, actually. Any red-blooded male would have taken one look at her and wept with pure joy. Instead he just felt like weeping. Who was he to take something so perfect and make it his?

He waited anxiously in the chair by the fireplace then heard a soft knock on his door.

"Come in," he said authoritatively. If he didn't get a handle on himself, he was done for.

He heard Sara approach him but thankfully his back was to her. He got up from his chair and turned around. If he wasn't already a Christian, he would have gotten on his knees and confessed everything. Surely she was the reason for his existence; surely there was a God.

She was dressed in the thinnest night rail known to mankind. He couldn't decide if it was covering her or not. The material wasn't exactly see-through, but the silk clung to every curve of her body, making his mouth gape open in awe.

She smiled. "Wedding present from Lady Fenton."

Nicholas made a mental note to thank Lady Fenton the next day...repeatedly.

He gave himself another boost of confidence and offered her some wine. "You look absolutely ravishing in that Sara."

She lifted one single eyebrow and took a sip of wine. She mocked him? That little witch! He wanted to laugh and yell all at the same time. She was toying with him! And worst of all he was falling for it like some schoolboy who had never seen a woman before. Suddenly he felt a lot more confident. He licked his lips and walked toward her. "I have another surprise for you."

She lifted her eyebrows in a quizzical way and he saw the doubt in her eyes. How she hated his surprises. It made him want to laugh and point, both of which were not romantic.

"Close your eyes," he ordered.

She did as he said and waited. He grabbed one of his untied cravats, and firmly attached it around her head, rendering her blind. "Can you see anything?" he teased, inches from her mouth.

She bit her pink lip and sighed. "No."

He breathed over her mouth, "Perfect, now it's time to eat."

She shifted uncomfortably on her feet. "You're joking, right?"

"I never joke." If he could see her eyes he would imagine them rolling right about now. "I'll lead you to your seat. We're going to play a little game. How does that sound?"

She smiled and with sudden eagerness leaned forward, dangerously close to his face. "I like games."

God must favor him above all men. He sent up a silent prayer and arranged the dishes on the table. "You get to taste each treat, but in order to get the next treat you have to name the one you're tasting."

"Sounds easy enough."

"Hardly," he said dryly. He lifted a strawberry to her lips. "What is this?" he asked, leaning in.

She laughed. "That's easy; it's a strawberry."

"Very good," he praised. "The next one is a bit harder. He lifted a piece of chocolate to her mouth and watched as she licked her lips around it."

"Chocolate?" She licked her lips, driving him crazy.

"I knew you'd be good at this game," he laughed. "Now this is going to be a little bit harder for you." He lifted up a small cake to her mouth and watched her bite in. He had never been more envious of cake in his life. Crumbs went everywhere as she wiped her mouth clean with her tongue.

"Hmm, this one tastes like a fairy cake?"

"You, my darling, know your foods very well. Bravo. Now for the main event! This should be your favorite treat; in fact, I hope it will be. Lean in very closely." He watched as she leaned her entire body over the table. He nearly swore as her gown continued to cling to her curves. "A little further." Finally, she was as close to him as he needed. "Now tell me what this is." He leaned in carefully and ran his tongue over her lips. They tasted of sugar and chocolate and of actual perfection. He kissed her fervently, allowing his tongue to slip into her mouth ever so gently.

"Do you have your guess?"

She laughed huskily. "I do believe that was Nicholas Renwick."

"Which is your favorite?" he teased.

"I need another taste," she whispered.

"Of course," he answered, then pulled her around the table into his arms. It didn't take long for him to tear off the outer robe of her night rail. In his haste, he forgot to take off her blindfold. He quickly removed it and gazed into her beautiful eyes. "You're beautiful," he proclaimed in a ragged breath.

"As are you," she answered, pulling off his coat and un-tucking his shirt. How had he, Nicholas Renwick, managed to marry such a beautiful and willing wife? He laughed and he threw her onto his massive bed.

"I do believe," he said in between kisses, "that I have half a mind to make you my wife right about now."

Sara pulled his body over hers and kissed him passionately. "Took you long enough."

And then Nicholas laughed, releasing all of the anxiety he felt earlier in the day. Of course being with Sara would be like this. A night filled with games, laughter, and passion. He only wished he could offer her his love. In the back of his mind he could almost hear a voice telling him that it was fine to let his guard down, to love this woman completely. If only it were that easy. The same voice telling him to give his heart away was the exact same voice that also reminded him of what happened the last time he gave his heart away.

Not only were bad choices made, but he ruined a marriage, all because of his passions. It wasn't truly possible for him to give a part of himself to someone when those parts were still wallowing in guilt from the first round of love.

He kissed down the nape of her neck. He heard her moan and immediately responded by removing any obstacles of clothing in the way. He wanted her like he'd never wanted anyone in his life, but he felt he needed to warn her. "Sara, this may be..."

"I'm not stupid," she supplied. "I know."

And that was all Nicholas needed. He spent the rest of the night teaching Sara what it was really like to be one with someone. It wasn't until early in the morning, with Sara's body sprawled across him, that he realized the repercussions of his actions. If she annulled this marriage he wouldn't be able to go on. He had forgotten the sweet ecstasy of sharing one's body with another. And what if she were to bear him a child? What would he do? He prayed for God to show him mercy and at least help him to sleep while the questions still loomed in his mind.

Sara woke up refreshed, energized, and should she admit happy? The night before had surpassed even her wildest imaginations. Nicholas had taken his time with her, although she knew how difficult it had been for him. He was after her pleasure before his own; she wanted to return the favor but upon waking found him nowhere to be found. They were supposed to attend one of the balls tonight and then embark on their honeymoon, although she wasn't sure if she really cared that they went anywhere. She was more excited to be with Nicholas. She moved out of the bed carefully examining her body. True she felt a little uncomfortable but that was to be expected. She put on the robe hanging by the chair and looked out on the balcony.

It was then that she heard a gentle knock and Nicholas strode in.

He was fully clothed and looking as beautiful as ever, it took everything in her not to throw off her robe and jump on him. She was embarrassed at the thought.

He smiled knowingly as if he, too, was thinking the same thing. He walked over to her and kissed her on the cheek. "And how did you sleep?"

"Gloriously, except there was this odd noise coming from your mouth. Could it have been snoring? I'm sure you are exhausted after so much work last night. Really, I should take it easy on you; after all, you are much older." She winked and walked by him.

He grabbed her arm and pulled her body into his own, pressing his hot lips against hers. He moaned as his hand cupped her breast. "Little minx," he said against her lips, and then her robe was off as if it hadn't been on or secure in the first place. She giggled as he pushed her up against the wall and began kissing down her back and arms, molding his body to hers.

He groaned as she pulled his hair and then whispered against her skin yet again, "I don't think we're going anywhere today."

She laughed. "What about the ball tonight?"

He looked like he was going to swear; instead he shrugged his shoulders. "We'll be late."

She laughed watching his clothing hit the floor. It wasn't until late afternoon that they actually ate and were able to bathe and dress for the evening, and even that seemed to be a chore and quite distracting.

Finally, Sara was ready. Since she was married, she was able to wear darker more vibrant colors. It was so much better than prancing around in pastels and whites. She swished her dress a few more times before Nicholas entered the room.

He walked up from behind and hugged her. "Are you sure you want to go to the ball tonight?" he purred into her ear.

"It would be rude not to," she answered half-heartedly.

"That dress shouldn't be allowed." He sighed twirling her around in front of him "I feel like I'm slowly being tortured. I can only see parts of you when I went to see all of you."

Blushing she swatted him with her hand. "You really are a rogue aren't you?" she teased.

He merely lifted his hands in defense as if to say, "I warned you."

She gave him a pointed look before he finally rolled his eyes, "Fine, we'll go but the minute I see another man touch part of you that isn't to be touched, we're leaving."

She arched an eyebrow. "Really Nicholas, I can't see that happening."

"Then you obviously don't see yourself clearly do you?" His tone was serious, sucking away the teasing that was once alive within the room. He leaned down and kissed her forehead. "You are beautiful. Just try not to smile at too many young gentleman. As you pointed out this morning, I am old and don't like punching gentlemen in the face."

She giggled and took his arm. "I promise."

She would never say it to Nicholas or even admit it out loud, but she felt positively plain standing next to her husband. He was so devilishly handsome that it seemed unreal. His piercing blue eyes did nothing to set her nerves to ease. She smiled up at him as he led her to the waiting carriage.

Marriage to him would be perfect.

Chapter Twenty

Nicholas wanted to yell. He also didn't want to scare his new wife, but if he would have had any idea that being with her would have made him feel like this, well he would have confessed undying affection for her days earlier. It was even harder being seated across one another in the carriage. His gaze and his thoughts were always on her. He smiled as he looked out the window.

Was it possible for someone to become more attractive the longer that person knew them? Her smile lit up the room and caused a burning within his heart that demanded he be released from his seat and into her arms. She was captivating and somehow she had chosen him, above all else. The only thing left would have been to confess the three little words that he knew she wanted to hear.

It was probably the reason she never said anything to him, although looking in her eyes he knew it was true, and frankly it was the only thing that had power enough to break his happy mood. He couldn't love her, he couldn't. He wouldn't allow it, he had nothing to give, and giving everything he had left meant he could be hurt or worse vulnerable. Women were not to be trusted; even though he knew Sara would die before she would hurt him, he also knew the men of the ton. One of these days, probably within the next year, she would tire of him and be upset over the fact that she gave so much of herself to such a rake. He would grant her annulment and lick his wounds in the English countryside.

Except Sara wasn't having any of his plans, she was head over heels crazy in love with him. He wouldn't consider himself a betting man, but he would bet on that. He would risk his entire fortune on it. It made him sick that this was as good as it was going to get for her. Sure he could show her physical love and affection, but to say it out loud was quite another thing. Somehow it finalized his feelings. It made him sick with fear.

"Are you well?" Sara asked, leaning over and patting his hand. He didn't mind considering it gave him a shameless view of her bosom. He leaned back so she would lean further forward. She took the bait and leaned even further forward, then her eyes darted down, and she swatted him. "Nicholas Renwick! What am I going to do with you? How improper."

"You're my wife!"

She smirked. "Yes, that's true, but if you do that in public I shall have to punish you."

He held back laughter, trying hard to take her seriously rather than be thrilled with the idea of her giving him punishment. Finally a chuckle escaped his lips. He put his hand over his mouth to cover it, and she turned bright red.

"Not what I meant," she said through clenched teeth.

"Oh, I know exactly what you meant." He pulled her into his lap and kissed her with desire, need, and a fierceness he couldn't hold back. His teeth tugged at her bottom lip playfully as he swept his tongue into her mouth and slipped his hands inside her cloak. He couldn't get enough of her. The heat radiating from her body was enough to render him completely undone right there in the carriage. He sighed against her chest. "Let's turn around, go home, have some wine..."

She looked down at his face. "Nicholas Renwick, I do believe you're trying to seduce your wife again."

"Is it working?" He cocked an eyebrow.

She looked away, feigning deep thought, like she had to think about it, and drove him completely mad. "I guess."

"You guess?"

"Sure."

"That's your answer?"

Sara nodded her head.

"You're a handful." He shook his head.

"You didn't mind last night."

He looked at her and had no words. They had been stolen from his mouth. When had Sara turned into such a, a well he couldn't really think of the correct word. She was quite literally every man's perfect woman. Sweet and witty when she needed to be and behind closed doors a wanton temptress. Again, a prayer was offered up to heaven. Whatever he did to deserve her, he wanted to do it again.

"I didn't mind many things last night," he answered huskily into her neck.

The carriage came to a complete stop, making Nicholas want to curse. A curse word was on the tip of his tongue just as Sara let one out.

He looked at her and shook his head. "I'm a bad influence on you."

"You're just now figuring that out?"

He didn't mind, and she didn't seem to either. He helped her out of the carriage and escorted her up the stairs. It was Lady Delia's annual ball, and people would be expecting them.

He turned toward Sara. "Are you ready for this?"

"If when you say ready you mean am I ready to go into a ball and enjoy a few waltzes with my husband then yes. If you mean am I ready for all the stares and questions and gawking about our scandalous tie to one another, then...no."

He smiled, although guilt tugged at his heart. "At least you're honest."

She seemed to pale at his comment it gave him the impression she wasn't being honest, yet everything about what she just said was exactly what he had been thinking. "What's wrong, Sara?"

She nodded her head. "Fine. I just...thought of something, that's all. Let's go."

He kissed her hand and led her in. Oddly enough, there was no group hush nor were that many people staring at them. He felt immediately at ease. It was possible, or more probable, that some new scandal arose, although he should have caught wind of it somehow. Nobody seemed to be staring at him at all; in fact, most of the people they passed were staring at Sara.

He didn't blame them; she looked absolutely breathtaking in a deep crimson gown that flowed all the way to the floor. She looked like royalty, and sometimes he felt like nothing more than a footman on her arm.

He smiled at her but noticed her own return smile didn't reach her eyes. Was she ill?

"Sara?" he whispered into her ear.

"Hmm?" she answered, not looking at him.

"Are you well?"

"Why do you keep asking me that?" she snapped.

"I uh," he was again at a loss. Had he said something wrong or done something to offend her? Quite possibly she was upset over the attention.

"It's nothing." She waved him away making him feel like an irritating fly. "Let's dance."

So they did. They danced twice before Sara was swept away by Hastings, another old duke whom Nicholas found hardly dangerous for her to be dancing with.

He took a sip of punch and looked around. All eyes were still positively fixed upon Sara. It was enough to make even Nicholas feel uncomfortable. Upon closer inspection people weren't exactly looking at her in awe, nor were they trying to cut her, in fact they just seemed morbidly curious about something.

He shook his head and took another sip of champagne.

"Renwick!" A booming voice said behind him before slapping his back three times.

He turned to see Belverd. "Ah, how are you?" Nicholas asked politely.

Belverd chuckled. "I should be asking you the same thing."

Nicholas felt his chest swell with pride. "Well, marriage has been good, I will admit that much."

Belverd looked at him curiously then back at Sara. "Tell me you know, Nicholas."

So maybe there was some sort of scandal that happened. "Know? I don't know of anything. Why, what's going on?"

Belverd looked extremely uncomfortable. Nicholas stood in front of him to keep him from escaping. "Belverd?" he prompted.

"It's really not my place to say," he responded hoarsely.

"How am I to know what is and is not your place? Just get on with it before I go mad." Nicholas half-laughed, half-wanted to punch him.

Belverd leaned in and whispered as softly as a man could, "It was in the gossip pages this morning. I thought you had seen it. Actually, I thought you already knew."

"You're driving me insane Belverd. Just tell me; what am I supposed to know?"

Belverd swallowed, then his eyes darted back to Sara. "Your wife...she's Lady Fenton's illegitimate daughter."

Chapter Twenty-One

Nicholas felt the room begin to spin. He looked at Belverd then back at Sara who was now coming toward them, then back at Belverd. He couldn't think straight, he couldn't even see straight. She had lied to him? So he would be manipulated into marrying her? To honor her family name? Did she even need money for her family? She played him for a fool. Of course she'd grown up in the country; most bastard children did until it was time for them to-He couldn't finish the thought. He needed air or brandy, and considering the brandy was on the far side of the room, he chose air. He pushed past Belverd, and out of the nearest door, knowing very well that many eyes were on him, and wondering what his next move would be, including Sara.

It was minutes before he felt her presence behind him. "Go away, Sara."

"Nicholas I-"

He turned. "Lord Renwick to you." His face twisted into a sneer. "Did you think I wouldn't find out? Were you just going to keep it from me for forever?"

Her eyes scrunched up as if confused.

"Goodness, Sara! Is that even your real name?" He shook his head pitifully. "I felt sorry for you! I did! I thought 'how sad for Sara to live in the country all her life and have her virtue compromised by London's most notorious rake,' and then as if by some miracle I actually felt-"

"You felt what?" She stepped forward.

"Get away from me!" he yelled. "I trusted you! I felt affection for you, I-Sara, I made love to you and now I find out you've been keeping this secret from me this whole time? When I trusted you with all of mine?"

"I love you!" she yelled back at him. "I didn't even know until the day before we were to be married! What was I to do? Tell you and have you panic? Why does it matter who my mother is? I had no idea until Lady Fenton told me!" She was screaming right back at him, which actually took him quite off guard.

"You still should have told me! We are husband and wife, for better or worse! Haven't you been the one that's been talking about giving your heart and loving someone? And here you can't even trust me with your past?"

Her eyes turned suddenly cold as she looked up to him. "Like you trusted me with yours?"

He felt all control snap. "That's different, and you know it!"

"No, it's not!" She moved closer to him. "The only difference is you knew all along that if you compromised me, I wouldn't say no, but the whole time I knew-I knew-that you would use any excuse to get out of this marriage. Hadn't you told me as much?"

She had him there, but would she have ever offered to marry him if he hadn't suggested an annulment? And wasn't he doing the right thing in offering her a way out of being trapped?

"I was trying to help you. I didn't want this!" He was powerless to stop the words from his mouth.

"You..." She turned away to hide her tears. "Didn't want me? Or you didn't want to be married?"

He didn't know what to say. There were always moments in his life when he knew what words should come out of his mouth, but because of the hurt and pain, he would choose the ones that would do the most damage. In his head they made him think he would feel like the person who didn't get screwed by the whole situation. This was one of those times for Nicholas as he choked out the final words in the coffin of their relationship. "Both."

Sara looked at him with the coldest eyes he had ever seen. Angry tears streamed down her face, she let out another choked sob and ran back inside. Nicholas was hurt and frustrated, yet all he could think of was the way Sara looked when he said he didn't want her. He would have welcomed death before seeing that expression on her face again.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Sara didn't care if people stared, nor did she care that her hair had fallen out of place. Upon entering the ballroom, she immediately found Lady Fenton and was escorted into her carriage. She sobbed the entire way to Nicholas's house in Lady Fenton's arms. When they reached their stop, Lady Fenton lifted her off her lap and looked at her.

"He's not upset at you, my dear. He's upset at himself."

Sara cried even harder. "If you heard what he said, if you were there, you would know!" She tried to catch her breath. "He said he never wanted me, that he never wanted to marry me!"

Lady Fenton wiped away some of Sara's tears. "My dear, we both know that's not true. He's just afraid of how you make him feel. He loves you; I know he does."

Sara shook her head fiercely. "He told me he would never give me his heart, and now I've ruined it. I should have told him! I was so afraid it would kill him, he doesn't even know who my father is, and that's the worst part. He only knows part of the story if he knew the other part he would...he would never forgive himself!"

Sara couldn't live with that. She had lived with rejection, fear, pity all her life-she would die before she would let Nicholas feel guilty over something he did so long ago. The man needed to forgive himself before he could ever be whole again. How was it possible to still love him after all the hurtful things he said? She sniffled some more before Lady Fenton took her inside. She explained to the servants that Lady Renwick was sick. They brought her to her adjoining chamber and put her to bed.

Sara cried herself to sleep and dreamt of little boys with blue eyes; little boys that she would never have the opportunity to have. It made her cry all the harder. Her dreams-everything shattered in an instant because Nicholas couldn't trust her.

It was still dark when she woke up. She felt something next to her head and turned to see what it was. She nearly screamed in agony as she saw the thick pieces of paper. It was the annulment papers Nicholas had talked so much about, and at the bottom it was signed, "Lord Nicholas Devons, Seventh Earl of Renwick."

She was starring in her own personal nightmare, and Nicholas had thrown the final punch. It made her ill, so ill that she threw up in her chamber pot several times before she was able to focus on getting food into her stomach.

She dressed with as much care as possible in hopes that Nicholas would be there for her to speak with. When she asked the footman where he had gone, he gave her a guilty look and said that Nicholas had some business to attend to in Scotland. He wouldn't be back for another month.

So Sara went upstairs and cried some more until there were no tears left. Nothing left except a hollow ache in her chest. An ache that she feared would never go away.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Nicholas tried to set his emotions at ease as he crossed the border into Scotland. He had done the right thing. She had trapped him, humiliated him, made him vulnerable. He was right about her all along, yet one part of him couldn't help but feel guilty over the fact that the first hill in their relationship sent him running to a foreign country. In all honesty, he would have liked to talk to Sara about everything but his pride, the ever-looming presence in his life, kept him from doing so.

It was so hard to believe that she would trick him in this way, after her knowledge of his mistrust of women and much more his mistrust of himself. His heart had been broken in two and now he had not only a son to worry about, but the rest of his life. How was he to put the pieces together? Sara had effectively rendered him destroyed, utterly and completely undone. He had nothing to give whatsoever. At the moment, his only companion was his pride, nothing more. Well, that and the ever-convenient talent for quoting Scripture at the worst moments. "Pride goeth before destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall," seemed to repeat over and over in his brain.

He saw the way the servants scowled at him when he left that morning. Sara had naturally been their favorite person since her taking to Duncan just a few days before. In fact, Sara treated them all so well that Nicholas would bet half his fortune that they would side with her rather than him.

What hurt the most was that Sara hadn't confided in him. She had either been manipulative or she had been afraid. Part of him wanted to wish she was merely scared of what he would do, but the other, saner part figured she just wanted to trap him into a marriage. But why would she need to? Was it merely for the sport of trapping someone like Nicholas?

The very thought of it made him want to punch the first bloke he came into contact with. Now if he could only get his body and his mind to agree that Sara was deceitful and manipulative He'd been in physical pain since leaving her in the garden. His body ached for her. Just by them spending only twenty-four hours together, his body now had a permanent memory of what it felt like to have her skin pressed up against his own. If he didn't watch himself he would start panting like a dog right there in the carriage. It took every ounce of self-control he possessed not to run back and grovel at her feet. But what would he say? "Sorry that I hurt you Sara, but it was only because you lied to me, and I felt vulnerable and afraid. By the way let's go to bed and-"

"Sir!" The footman hit the door, totally knocking Nicholas's thoughts back into order.

"What is it?" he barked.

The carriage came to a stop, and the footman opened the door. "It seems that we need to stay the night at the inn on the border. One of the horses lost his shoe."

"Very well," Nicholas said dryly. The day couldn't really get any worse.

And then...to Nicholas's despair, it did.

The Horse and Hare was a popular stopping point, making it very likely to be seen by the entire ton on their way to the country. It was excruciating to see smirks from every person within the room. He grunted and took a seat, ordering as much tea and food he could consume in an hour's time, then once the hour finished, he ordered more. He began to feel quite cheerfully full and miserable until...

"Renwick."

He recognized the voice. "Ah Belverd. You're here. Why am I not surprised?"

Belverd lifted one single eyebrow and sat. "You're not going to get foxed are you?"

"Going to get foxed?" Nicholas mocked. "I want to get so foxed that I forget my name." He let out a long sigh and pointed to the tea ."But to answer your original question, no I'm not going to get foxed."

And it was true. His intent and his actions didn't match up. His body screamed for spirits, yet all he had was tea. Logically speaking he was already well on his way to forgetting more than his name. But it wasn't the drink that was causing memory loss. It was loss of sleep.

"I can't let you do this," Belverd said, pulling the tea directly from Nicholas's hands. Nicholas pushed his chair away in preparation for a fight, but Belverd hadn't been wallowing as much as he had. He knew the odds were against him, especially considering he had no real desire to fight anyone lest he win. The goal in a fight would be to lose and get put out of his misery.

He sank back into his chair and felt the room begin to spin. "What do you want?" The words he was thinking and what he was saying were very different.

"I want you to get your sorry self back to London and apologize to your wife!" Belverd's voice raised to a tone Nicholas hardly recognized. "Confound it all! She is your wife, you idiot!" Belverd was positively raging at this point. Nicholas knew better than to laugh or speak for that matter. "Do you know how the ton found out about her little secret?"

Nicholas shook his head. He didn't care how they'd found out. She had kept it from him.

"They found out because the people who raised her went to the local newspaper and sold the story for a small fortune! Everyone had been wondering the same thing. Who is this beautiful creature who has been living all this time in the countryside? Lady Fenton could have denied it, but she didn't want to deny young Sara's birthright. To have your foster parents sell you out, well, it's nothing short of sinful, Renwick."

He had sat back down but obviously wasn't done speaking to Nicholas's continued annoyance. "And you don't even know the worst of it!" Belverd shouted. Confound it! Nicholas thought, strike me down now where I sit, my head can't take anymore screaming!

"The man you killed all those years ago-"

"-I said never to discuss it!" Nicholas shouted, but Belverd kept going.

"That very man is Sara's father."

Nicholas felt ill. It wasn't possible, it couldn't be possible, and obviously there was some sort of mistake.

"It's not a mistake," Belverd said as if reading Nicholas's mind. "Believe me, I talked with Lady Fenton herself. There was an affair before you came along, before the duke married, that is. I will let Lady Fenton tell the rest of her story." Belverd got up to leave, but Nicholas pulled him back into his seat.

"I'm not going back. There is nothing for me in London." Nicholas wanted desperately to believe the words coming out of his own mouth, but they lacked conviction.

"I know." Belverd shook his head. "There is nothing for you anywhere until you deal with your own demons, my friend. And there isn't enough ale in the world to rid you of those. Good day." He tipped his hat and strolled out of the inn, leaving a very sick, yet sober, Nicholas Renwick behind.

***

Sara felt ill for the past month, had it really been that long since Nicholas left? In her heart it felt like years. Every day she woke up hoping for his return hoping for a chance to speak with him, yet every day she was met with the same thing. Disappointment. She continued to walk across the grounds of Renwick's house in London. Hopefully, the air would do her some good.

She was angry at him for not believing her or giving her a chance and for being such a coward that he couldn't even face her. What kind of man left instead of fighting for his woman? Was she wrong? In her heart, she felt he loved her; he just lacked the courage to say it-but now, now she was beginning to think he felt nothing for her except for lust and passion. Exactly what he said he felt for her.

She was a fool. As if she didn't already have enough on her mind she had missed her monthly, and was now six weeks out. In another four, she would have to tell Lady Fenton she was with child. Although possibly she could wait until her fourth month, but a woman really never knew. She still couldn't find it in her heart to sign the annulment papers, even though Nicholas made his intentions perfectly clear.

He even put in a lump sum of money to give her for her to live comfortably on her own, without him. Had he no idea the feelings she had for him? She loved him, even though he was being a stubborn idiot of a man! He'd rejected her and said the most hurtful things, sending her into near hysterics, but what other choice did she have? She could sit and cry all day or she could learn from experience and move on with her life, it was then she decided she would spend some time in the country. Alone. She would take Davina with her and go to one of the many country estates Nicholas owned.

Later that afternoon, Lady Fenton paid a visit. They sat in comfortable silence until finally Lady Fenton said something. "I hear you're going to the country?"

Sara nodded her head; she knew if she spoke, she would break down again. Only earlier that day, she had found out from Davina that her parents-the people who had raised her-had sold the story to the local newspaper for quite a lot of blunt. It made her ill. Had they been using her all along? It was likely; they'd always hated her, despised her beyond reason. Why wouldn't they use her sudden marriage to an earl to gain wealth in this world?

"I'm sorry about your parents," Lady Fenton said, breaking the silence yet again. "They were awful to raise you, unaware of your beauty, and they were even more awful when they sold you out to the newspaper. I will have you know, I would never deny you anything, my dear. I-" Her lips began quivering, and she reached for her handkerchief. "I am so proud of the woman you have become. I only hope you'll let me stay with you in the country for a while so we could get acquainted. I know I'm asking more than I should but-"

Sara rose from her chair and went to hug Lady Fenton. They cried for what seemed like hours, then when all the tears were dried up, Sara decided it was time to let her real mother in on a secret.

"I think I'm increasing." She couldn't look Lady Fenton in the eyes.

Lady Fenton grabbed her shoulders and hugged her tightly. "I'm to be a grandmother!" She looked positively elated, but quickly dampened her smile when she saw a single tear drop down Sara's face.

"Oh dear, this is my fault, I thought he was ready-you were perfect for him; you still are! He'll come around, you'll see!" Lady Fenton continued to offer encouragement, but it fell on deaf ears. Sara knew the truth. Her marriage, however brief, was over.

When Lady Fenton left to make the proper arrangements, Sara slowly walked up the stairs into her chamber and signed the annulment papers. She left them on top of her luggage and fell into her bed sobbing.

Over, it was over.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Nicholas hadn't slept in a month. Had it really been a month since he left Sara? It felt like ages. His time with Sara feeling like a wonderful dream compared to the nightmare of his current reality. The truth of her deceit and so-called love. Yet the lingering of Belverd's and his conversation planted doubt in the back of his mind as to Sara's side of the story.

While in residence at one of his homes in Scotland, he had quickly grown tired and bored of the business affairs he was tending to and itched to return home. He wasn't sure what he would be going back to, and quite frankly, he was terrified out of his mind.

First off, he hadn't even given Sara a chance to explain, and second, he had, in fact, killed her real father. He was already going to have trouble asking forgiveness for the first, but for the second? It still mattered that she deceived him, but after his recent research into her past, he had figured out why she would.

She was just as afraid of rejection as he was. In fact, she had more reason to be afraid than him. To think that he actually told her that he didn't want her, and worse off that she believed him! How was he to know that she had been told for her entire life that she was ugly and different? No wonder she hated it when he told her she wasn't normal. What he meant as a compliment she took as an insult. And to add insult to injury, he offered her a pity excuse. He said he felt sorry for her. Well her own foster parents fed her that line on a daily basis.

Not that he wouldn't have known that unless he hadn't have listened partially to Belverd. After a very long day in bed nursing a headache, he sent one of his men on his way to inquire about her family. The local vicar was only too eager to help. He despised her family and thought that her sisters were spoiled brats who lived in sin.

He inquired as a worried family member figuring the vicar shouldn't know of his past. The vicar shared that the poor girl had been told she was ugly and stupid for as long as he could remember. People from the village didn't want to interfere. They had assumed she was being punished for being wicked. Many still stared at her because of her beauty, but because of what she was told, she had thought it was pity as well as judgment.

She finally found the Lord and came to grips with her own spot in the world. The vicar was thrilled when Lady Fenton came and took the girl for a season in London. The parents were equally thrilled telling her that she was their only hope for a fortune.

Little did Lady Fenton or Sara know that the exact same day she left, the two sisters came back, the entire family beyond elated that Sara would find a good match; was she not the most beautiful girl they had seen? And when she did find a good match, they would benefit from it also. Had they not taken her under their roof? Clothed her and fed her?

After the vicar finished his story, Nicholas went straight away to the chamber pot and rid himself of all his earlier food. He had single-handedly destroyed what should have been the best marriage and relationship of his life, all because he was too worried about getting hurt, to worried for his own silly pride as if he had enough left after all his scandal. Who was he to judge her on her scandal? Yet when the tables turned and he was given the choice to offer her grace or at least an explanation, he ran. He left her alone without the support of her husband to help her.

He would burn in Hell.

He made arrangements to leave the next day but the rainy weather made it difficult. He finally made it out the day after and arrived in London two days later. Exactly six weeks after leaving Sara.

***

The fresh air was good for Sara. She had forgotten how great it felt to be out in the wide-open countryside. London seemed so cramped and busy compared to the Renwick country estate.

She took a walk, knowing it to be good for the baby but also needing time to think. Lady Fenton graciously swore to never leave her side, which honestly made Sara miss Nicholas that much more. Was he so stubborn and pigheaded that he would leave without so much as saying goodbye?

Would their last words really be that he never wanted her in the first place? How could she tell their future child that? How could she bring a child into the world when the very world Sara was living in was so unstable?

At least Nicholas had enough good sense to make sure all his staff at every house knew he was married. Otherwise she doubted they would have even been allowed entrance. As it was, Lady Fenton was busy explaining the situation to the entire staff while Sara was outside thinking. She didn't want to see the pity on their faces when Lady Fenton told the tragic tale.

Sara wanted nothing more than to close her eyes and remember what it felt like to have Nicholas's body so close to her own, protecting her and loving her as if she were the most precious thing in the world. She was all out of tears, so she merely sighed. He had been gone close to seven weeks; he wasn't coming back.

***

Nicholas had to pace himself when the carriage arrived in front of his old home. He wanted nothing more than to storm the house and yell for Sara to meet with him immediately. He had some explaining and groveling to do, but then again, he hoped she would also explain to him her fears of telling him about her birth parents. If she really loved him, as he suspected she did, she would forgive him and want him as much as he wanted her. But when it came time to have that conversation, could he do it? Would he be able to risk it all?

He opened the front door and was surprised to see one of the nurses with Duncan waiting. "Oh, we were wondering when you would return," she said cheerfully. "Master Duncan has been asking about his papa for quite some time."

Add that to the list of things he felt guilty about. Leaving his only son for close to seven weeks because he was a coward and couldn't face his own wife? He managed a smile and pat on the head before asking about Sara. Grabbing Duncan out of the nurse's arms he waited for confirmation on Sara's whereabouts.

"You don't know?" The nurse asked.

He was tired of hearing people answering his questions like that. Obviously he didn't know anything. That much was clear. He really would like to go at least a few weeks without someone saying life-altering things to him.

"Know what?" he asked, extremely irritated.

The nurse licked her lips and paused. Looking around at the waiting for servants before she explained to him where Sara was. "My lord, she left with Lady Fenton for the country. They've been gone a few days already."

Nicholas felt something akin to panic rise in his chest. "The country? Where in the country?"

The nurse eyed him suspiciously. "Your country home sir. She is, after all, your wife, is she not?"

It didn't take a genius to figure out the condescending tone in the nurse's voice. "Thank you, that will be all," he snapped, handing over his quiet son. Realizing it was the first time he had seen his son in weeks, he took him back. "Pack your things. We're going to the country house."

"We?" she gasped.

"All of us!" he snapped. "Now go pack Duncan's things and bring along your own; we leave in an hour."

He had a wife to see.

Chapter Twenty-Five

By the time everyone loaded the luggage into the two waiting carriages, a ghastly two hours had passed. Nicholas felt he would surely die on the spot if they didn't get a move on. As it was, they would probably have a good three-hour ride to the house. Although he hadn't visited in years, it was oddly enough where most of his favorite childhood memories had taken place.

He tried to stay awake, but the stress of the day took its toll. He woke up when the carriage came to a halt in front of his old country mansion. Not willing to wait another minute he ran out of the carriage and burst into the house. Several servants jumped at his arrival, others gave him a look of pure rage which he was guessing he deserved.

What he didn't expect was Lady Fenton to be up taking tea. It had to be close to midnight; what the devil was she doing up drinking tea?

"Took you long enough," she scolded, not looking up from her needlework. "I had no idea it would be seven full weeks before you'd get your head out of your-"

"Please," he interrupted, holding a hand up, "save your lecture, I've punished myself enough these past few weeks."

Lady Fenton let out an unladylike snort. "I find that hard to believe considering you were away in Scotland while Sara found out."

Her mouth shut quite quickly, quicker than he had ever seen Lady Fenton shut her mouth, and that was saying a lot, considering she never actually shut her mouth. Her talking was as normal as some people's need for air.

"When Sara found out what?" he asked. Something in the way she shut herself up told him it had nothing to do with the earlier news.

"Let me tell you a story," she said after a long pause. She patted the seat next to her and he sat. She started very slowly but as the story progressed he felt worse and worse about how he treated Sara. Lady Fenton shed more light onto the affair and Sara's situation and why she felt the need to send her away to the countryside.

"I had no idea," she exclaimed through choked sobs, "that they would treat her that way, that I would be guilty of treating my own flesh and blood that way, but I despised her, too, for what she represented; for what I couldn't have." She put her hand over Nicholas's. "Ever since Sara's birth, I haven't been able to conceive. I know it's not proper to talk about such things, but after Sara's birth it has been nothing but crushed expectations and dreams." She took another deep breath. "I hated Sara for showing me how awful I had been. I even allowed her mother to go on calling her ugly. I told myself it was to protect Sara, but really it was because she reminded me of him."

Nicholas felt his heart drop. The him she was referring to was most definitely the him Nicholas had killed two years ago. Lady Fenton looked up into his eyes. "Oh dear boy, don't you dare think he didn't have it coming. He was a terrible man. I know you were only defending yourself, and that girl didn't help by so eagerly jumping into your bed either. She knew exactly what she was doing."

Nicholas knew she was right. Both the duke and duchess had known what they were doing. And so had Nicholas, which made it worse.

"You can't keep blaming yourself forever. We all have our demons to deal with. You just have to face yours head-on sooner than the rest of us."

He sighed. "Why do people keep calling them demons?"

She put her hand across his again. "Because they control us. They make choices for us, good and bad. We let our choices in the past dictate our future. It isn't fair that because of what has happened to you, you no longer move on with the blessing that's been given to you. Sara meant you no harm; you must see that. She had no idea. Can you imagine the shock? The week of your wedding?"

Nicholas hadn't thought of that, but then again he hadn't been thinking about Sara, he'd been thinking about himself and how it had made him feel like a fool. How he felt manipulated and used for his money and title. When in fact, how must she have felt? He felt sick again and paled. Lady Fenton gave him the eye that said, "Do not throw up on this beautiful loveseat or I shall strike you dead on the spot." He took some calming breaths before he stood.

"You should speak to your wife, my lord. She has much to say."

Nicholas chuckled. He suddenly felt lighter but frightened at the same time. He remembered how he hurt Sara. It would be nothing short of a miracle for her to forgive him.

***

Sara tossed and turned for hours before she finally fell asleep, and when she did, she had beautiful dreams of a little boy dancing with her in the wildflowers. She looked up to see Nicholas running toward them, arms outstretched.

She screamed with delight in her sleep, but it was enough of a jolt to wake her up. She nearly fell off the bed, then with a gut wrenching sob began crying all over again. It was absolute torture. She could still smell him, still feel him, she could-

She looked around the room, everything looked in place but somehow something was off. It was when she heard a slight knock on the door that she realized the reason for her nervousness.

Nicholas, in all his glory was standing in the doorway with tears streaming down his own face. She tried to make words form at her mouth but found that she couldn't do it. He had something in his hand, although she couldn't tell what it was, it seemed like a piece of paper. He looked at her and smiled a beautiful smile, almost too beautiful, making her want to pinch herself. Yet she was too transfixed to say anything.

Wordlessly, he walked to the fireplace and threw the paper in, then walked over to her and said, "Tomorrow, we'll talk tomorrow. I'm sorry."

She felt like pulling him down into the bed right that instant, but she was still too hurt, too vulnerable from the things he said. He said he didn't want her. It hurt more than she could imagine, and then he abandoned her. Now he was apologizing, but frankly, it was hardly doing the trick. She crossed her arms and nodded as he left the room.

When the door closed she walked over to the fireplace to look at the burning papers. Maybe it was her dreams, but it appeared that the very papers burning were the annulment papers, which was obviously wishful thinking on her part. She had left them in London with strict instructions to send them off. Had they not done so? Unless someone took them, or maybe Nicholas went and fetched them himself?

It was too much; she was giving herself a headache. She surely wasn't going to sleep now, but she lay down anyway, for the baby.

Hours later, Sara was so exhausted, her eyelids closed involuntarily. Her only problem was getting comfortable. Earlier she'd been nearly freezing, now it felt as if someone had stuck her in a hot bath tub without an escape, she threw off the covers of her bed or at least tried, but she felt so weak. She panicked when she realized her entire body felt heavy and hot.

She had a fever.

She wasn't sure how she knew except for the fact that she was burning up inside, and it wasn't good. To have a high fever during pregnancy wasn't safe for her or for the baby. She started thinking about her blue-eyed baby and began crying.

Dear God, protect him, protect him. She kept saying over and over again even though she wasn't even sure it was a boy. The last clear thought she had was of Nicholas putting the annulment papers in the fire. "I love you," she whispered out loud then fell into a deep, hot sleep.

Nicholas waited for hours the next morning. Every time he asked someone to check on Sara, they just shrugged it off and said it was normal for a woman in her condition to need sleep.

Her condition? What condition would that be? He kept wracking his brain for a reason until he finally found one that made sense. Not that he wanted to acknowledge it. He was just getting ready to pound down to Lady Fenton's room when he heard sobbing from upstairs.

He ran up just in time for Lady Fenton to fall into his arms. "My God, my God, oh my dear God, I don't know what to do!" Hysterical, she was pushing Nicholas over the edge of sanity as well.

"What's wrong?" He shook her shoulders until she finally looked at him with quivering lips.

Her head continued to shake as she spoke, "It's Sara. She has a fever."

Chapter Twenty-Six

The heart within Nicholas's chest felt as though it had stopped pumping for a while. Fevers weren't uncommon, but it was still a scary thought. People died daily of fevers, especially when they let hair-brained physicians bleed them out. He cursed under his breath and burst into the room.

Little Sara was sprawled across the bed with heavy blankets toppling over her. "Take these off!" he ordered the maids. They seemed too scared to move so he did it for them. He pointed to the one closest to him. "Get me some cold water and rags, now!" His voice boomed throughout the house, the maid nearly tripped on her way out.

Nicholas went and put the fire out then opened the window to Sara's room. She needed fresh air, and he needed to keep her body temperature down; that much was true. He tried to look in control and strong, but he felt like his past was catching up with him.

Hadn't his first love, the girl he fought for and had Duncan with, hadn't she died of scarlet fever? Although this was obviously not scarlet fever, it still seemed painfully ironic. He groaned as he pushed the hair from Sara's face. Her body was soaked with sweat. Had he not seen her merely hours before? He should have stayed with her. Maybe if he would have stayed... Well, if he would have stayed, he might have been sick too. But it should be him in the bed not her; she didn't deserve this.

Sara's eyes blazed open as she tried to get out of bed. "Nicholas!" Frantic, he needed to calm her down. He looked to Lady Fenton and began soothing Sara with soft words. By some miracle, she closed her eyes again. She muttered something under her breath. Nicholas leaned in closer to hear.

The words she uttered caused fear like he had never known in his life.

"The baby, Nicholas, the baby," Nicholas for the second time in two days began sobbing next to his wife.

When his tears dried up, he went outside the room to talk to Lady Fenton. There really was nothing more he could do other than continue to keep her cooled down. Lady Fenton looked strained when he pulled her away from the servant's ears.

"She's pregnant?" he asked, his voice still hoarse from crying. Never in his wildest dreams would he have imagined this scenario. How much of a fool was he? Leaving his pregnant wife while he scoured the Scottish countryside. He wanted someone to shoot him just so he would be put out of his misery.

The tears in Lady Fenton's eyes returned. "Nicholas, she found out just a while ago. We think she conceived very early on in your relationship."

"I'll say," he muttered.

Lady Fenton ignored his sarcastic comment. "Is she going to live?"

He nodded his head. "She isn't as hot as she once was, but I...I don't know about the baby. I'm not a doctor. Only time will tell."

She nodded her head and pulled him into a hug. "She loves you, you know."

Nicholas sighed. "I love her, too." A weight suddenly lifted off his shoulders as he realized that he had loved her all this time.

As if reading his thoughts, Lady Fenton gave him a little squeeze on his shoulders. "My boy, she's known that long before you were aware of it."

With that she walked off. He knew she needed sleep. The poor woman swayed on her feet-then again he did, too. He spent the rest of the afternoon reading to Sara from some of the novels in the library. He became obsessive, not even letting the maids dress her. He put on clean bedding and replaced her gown with something more comfortable. At one point he woke her up enough to get her to sit in a cool bath while he washed her hair. She was still delirious, but he wanted her to feel comfortable.

On the second day of the fever, Nicholas was starting to get anxious. She hadn't gotten worse but she wasn't getting better either. Having a high fever was not good for the baby at all.

He groaned out loud and set his head on Sara's arm. "I love you," he said quietly. The tears came soon after. "I love you so much Sara, do you know that? I need you to snap out of this, to come back. I need you. Duncan needs you. Our baby boy needs you." At the moment he didn't care if it was a boy or girl. He merely said the first thing that came to mind. "I need you to be strong, and I need you to live, Sara." He choked on her name. "I love you...just please." He fell asleep with his head on her arm. It was the first time since he knew her she was the last name on his lips while he prayed and the only one in his mind when he slept.

***

Sara felt like she had been through a hot nightmare. She only remembered bits and pieces of what took place. The one thing that stood out amongst the chaos was Nicholas's constant presence. He was almost like her own personal angel sitting watch by her bed. She remembered different stories he told her, and most of all his confession earlier that day. She wanted so badly to take him into her arms and cradle him. She loved him so much; he was so dear to her! Yet she couldn't move, she was so angry at her own treacherous body that she could scream, instead all she managed was a slow moan.

Slowly but surely her body began to feel cooler until finally she opened her eyes and sighed. She was starving. Somehow Nicholas had gotten into the bed and was lying next to her with his arm across her body. He was sleeping rather possessively, his body language clearly saying, "if anyone touches her, I'll kill him."

It made her laugh, which made Nicholas open his eyes. The love Sara saw behind them completely un-did her. With as much strength as she could muster she said, "I love you."

He closed his eyes quickly, but Sara saw what had already escaped down his cheeks. Tears streamed down his handsome face. He pulled her close and said quietly into her ear, "I love you. I adore you. I need you. I-I..." His words were no more than choked sobs as he rocked her back and forth and cried. "I prayed for the baby," he finally said.

"He's fine," Sara said confidently, even though her voice was still raspy.

He smiled weakly. "How do you know that?"

She made a motion that should have been a shrug but looked more like a twitch. "Call it faith."

He smiled. "My faithful Sara."

"Nicholas?"

"Hmm?" His eyes were closed next to her.

"Can we start over?"

He smiled warmly. "I'd like that, but first can you ever forgive me for the things I said to you? It was out of fear, and pride and-"

She laughed which seemed to startle him. "Not that I don't like you groveling at my feet right now and confessing all your sins-but I did say start over. The past is the past; don't you think we should just leave it there?"

"Wise woman." He kissed her cheek. "I couldn't have asked for a better wife."

"And I couldn't have asked for a wiser husband, I do believe I have you to thank for saving my life?"

He sobered immediately. "God-not me, I take no credit, my prayer life however has blossomed to extravagant proportions."

She managed a weak laugh and held his hand. "What should we call him?"

He looked at her curiously. "Our child?"

Sara felt weightless as she thought about spending her life with Nicholas, Duncan, and the new baby. She had no doubt the baby would be healthy. If anything the baby would be stronger after helping her fight such a battle.

"Let's name him Samuel," he said, invading her thoughts.

Tears welled in her eyes. "I think that's a perfect name."

He laughed. "Why don't you get some sleep?"

So she did. She slept for the better part of three days, falling in and out of sleep until she was so tired of being tired, she thought she would scream.

During the afternoon of the third day, Nicholas paid a visit. Glued to her side for the past few days, it left her little time for herself; not that she minded it one bit. She had after all spent countless weeks without him by her side.

"Why am I not surprised to see you?" She laughed.

Nicholas pretended to be wounded as he threw his hand across his heart. "Oh so you don't want your surprise then?"

She jerked up in her bed. "Surprise?"

He shook his head. "Well, I guess if you're going to behave that way then-"

"Nicholas Renwick don't you dare mess with the sick!"

"Fine, fine." He put up his hands innocently. "You're a heavy sleeper, by the way. I was able to get this done without you even stirring."

She rolled her eyes.

"Good to see you've gotten part of your attitude back," he mumbled turning toward the door that adjoined their rooms.

She stuck out her tongue when his back was to her. It made her feel slightly better.

"Do you think you can walk, or do you want me to carry you?" he asked tenderly. What she wanted to do was hit him for assuming she was that weak, but then again he had been terrified of losing her, she shouldn't be so mean.

She huffed. "I think I can manage."

"Then I'll lead the way." He opened the door and walked into the next room. She followed slowly after. It was hard for her to move out of bed; her body wanted to go slow, but her mind was so curious she wanted to run. By the time she reached his room, she was perspiring and out of breath. She really needed to regain her strength.

He stood behind her and kissed her neck. "Surprise."

The entire room had been decorated with wildflowers. He had obviously been very busy. In the far corner of the room stood a tub with roses floating in the water; it smelled absolutely heavenly. "I don't know what to say!" She flung her arms around him and started thanking him in the way she had been dreaming of for days.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Nicholas felt his body react to her touch. Her delicate hand was placed onto his chest. His breathing turned laborious; her touch was like lightning, igniting a passion in him that was beyond his control. "What are you doing?" he asked against her face.

"Nothing." Her response sounded anything but innocent. It was hard to believe that just a few days ago, she was literally on her deathbed with a fever. Now she looked positively radiant and her body didn't even show the pregnancy yet. He needed to feed her more, he decided.

Small hands began tugging away at his shirt, making him laugh. "Sara, what are you doing?" He couldn't keep the huskiness from his voice. He hadn't wanted to pressure her, but how he wanted her! In every way possible.

She began humming, obviously trying to distract him, but if she thought her heavenly voice would do the trick, she was wrong. He was ready and willing for whatever distraction she had in mind, other than singing that is.

His shirt came up over his head. He watched as Sara grew slightly pink in the face, from embarrassment or excitement, he didn't really care. He grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her into his body crushing his lips against They were warm and inviting, making it so much harder to think straight. Out of pure excitement he laughed against her lips then pulled her gown up over her head. She stood before him like a nak*d goddess but not the least bit scandalized. Marriage was a gift from God.

He groaned then pulled off the remainder of his clothing before claiming her mouth again. Her creamy white skin against his own made his ears roar with desire until the need to possess her was all he could think about. He needed her, he had missed her, she was every much a part of him as he was a part of her.

They explored one another for the next hour until he reminded her yet again of their purpose in his room, not that he wanted to stop the other more exciting activities. He led her to the bath, marveling at her beautiful figure.

She lowered herself into the water and sighed. Suddenly, he was envious of the bath. Fighting the sudden urge to ravage the beautiful body before him, he focused on the water as it lapped around her shoulders and tickled her feet. He found himself angry that her eyes closed in ecstasy against the warmth of the tub. Would he always be jealous of things that touched her or pleased her? Even things that weren't alive? He shook his head and smiled.

"What's so funny?" Sara asked as she began rubbing oil down her arms.

He choked on his words. "Absolutely nothing."

The bath did look quite enticing. Before she had time to object, he had pulled off his clothes and splashed into the tub across from her. His smile turned seductive as he took the oil from her hands began slowly rubbing down her arms. He felt insanity creeping on as he realized that it might be a great while before she trusted him full with her body again. Gently he leaned down to kiss her lips. A lot still needed to be said.

He tried not to tense up, and why should he? His beautiful, forgiving wife was sitting in his lap kissing him. He reluctantly pushed her back and sighed. "Sara, we need to talk."

"I hate it when you start sentences like that," she muttered scooting back into the tub. His face held an amused expression as he waited for her to stop scowling.

"I know we said we'd start over, but I can't live with myself knowing that you're always going to wonder why I said and did the things I did. I don't want you to think for one second that the only reason I confessed my love was because I thought you were dying, or because I found out you were pregnant."

Sara broke eye contact, assuring Nicholas even more that he needed to have this conversation with her. "Sara, look at me."

She did.

"I am an idiot-all men are, but I think my name still sits on the top of the list."

She giggled and bit her lip, for once not arguing with his solid reasoning.

"I said those things because I was hurt that you would lie to me. I assumed the worst because, quite honestly, I've never let anyone except Lisa in. I was scared, and even more so, I was vulnerable and didn't like being put in that position. I was already on my way to loving you and when I found all that out, I was terrified that you were like every other girl. I should have given you the benefit of the doubt, but my own stupidity and pride kept me from seeing you for who you really are."

He scooted forward and scooped her up into his arms.

"And who am I?" she asked quietly, still looking away.

"You're caring, forgiving, wonderful, and beautiful; you are quite honestly the most amazing person I have ever met. Looking at you now, I can't believe how blind I was. I was so worried about myself, still allowing the past to dictate my choices for the future, telling myself I shouldn't be happy and that you couldn't have a place in my already broken heart." His voice felt hoarse and thick. "When I went to Scotland my only desire was to run away and lick my wounds. I felt like you deserved to be rejected and hurt for being dishonest. I had no idea about your past, nor did I care to even listen. I was too worried about myself." He suddenly felt even worse than before. Only the scum of the earth had such selfish tendencies. "What kind of father am I? I even left Duncan in London!" He rubbed his eyes with his hands, willing the moisture to stay within his eyes.

"Nicholas," Sara said gently. "Nicholas look at me."

He composed himself and looked into her piercing gaze. "The way I'm looking at you is the way that your son looks at you. You're a fantastic father, a great husband, and this look I'm giving you is a look of love, forgiveness, honesty, and strength. We weren't made to live alone or without wounds. We were never promised we wouldn't go through storms in life; the only promise was that after the storm there would be a rainbow. Do you believe that? Because I do. You're my rainbow, and I'd like to think Duncan and I, as well as this little one-" She pointed to her flat stomach. "-are your rainbows, too." She reached out and cupped his face. "You were forgiven before you even asked."

It was then Nicholas Renwick's heart began to heal again. The minute his wife offered him the forgiveness and love he so desperately sought after all his life. The love he didn't do anything to deserve but was given to him despite his many shortcomings.

He whispered the words against her cheek. "I love you."

She laughed softly as she guided his hand to her stomach. "I know."

Epilogue

Five years later

"Samuel!" Nicholas bellowed through the hall. "Samuel, get down here this instant!" His aggressive five-year-old proceeded to run down the stairs at lightning speed, missing the last one with all the grace that a young child could posses and promptly fell on his bottom.

Mischievous blue eyes looked up at Nicholas, melting his heart instantly. What had he been so upset about again? Oh right, Samuel had single-handedly cut all the hair off his sisters' dolls and then fed it to the chickens.

Nicholas's temper returned. The poor girls were only two and a half, and they cried for hours!

"Samuel, what do you have to say for yourself?"

Samuel bit his lip perplexed at such a question or so it seemed. "They had ugly hair," he stated dryly. Leave it to Sara to give birth to a son that had more wit and dry sarcasm than the two of them combined. Nicholas pinched his nose and rolled his eyes. "Son, listen to me."

Samuel nodded his head and crossed his arms, in the exact same fashion Nicholas habitually did when he was concentrating. "One day you're going to want girls to like you and girls like to be treated like princesses. If you treat your sisters cruelly, then you won't learn how to treat girls nicely. Then no one will want to marry you. You don't want that, do you?"

Samuel grinned. "Dad, did you have that problem?"

"Samuel, I-"

"Because Mum said that lots of girls liked you even though you-"

"Enough." Nicholas didn't even want to know what Samuel had to say next. "Go find your sisters and apologize."

Samuel nodded his head and trotted back up the stairs, rather cheerfully to Nicholas's mind. It was as if he was staring at himself as a young boy. When Samuel reached the age to court, he was locking him in the upstairs attic. He had too much charm to do him any good at that age, especially with women.

He walked over to his study and smiled. Sara had redecorated it when she was pregnant with the twins. Her nervous energy came in swift bounds during those months, making it nearly impossible for even Nicholas to sit still around her.

"What are you smiling about?" Sara's voice whispered behind his ear.

He jumped slightly then turned and pulled her into his arms. "Oh just about you, and the girls, and Samuel's upstairs apologizing, by the way."

"I still can't believe he fed the doll hair to the chickens. You do know that the gardener is still pulling it out of the coop, right?"

Nicholas tried not to laugh. "Yes, and on behalf of men everywhere, I apologize. I don't know what gets into him."

"Oh I do!" She said without taking time to think. "He's his father's son, that's what, plus Duncan isn't the best influence when it comes to pranks. Did you know that just last week he brought a frog to church?" Sara's eyes closed in absolute horror. "It was awful, especially when he handed it to Mother and asked her to hold it during the sermon."

Nicholas laughed. Lady Fenton was the picture of elegance and grace, to envision her holding her grandson's frog was the most amusing thing he had heard in ages. "What did she do?"

"What could she do?" Sara exclaimed. "You weren't there to rescue her since you were gone on business all week, and I was still feeling ill! The poor dear sat there for an hour, Nicholas; an entire hour with the slimy thing in her lap. Oddly enough, it didn't move."

"Probably fell asleep," he muttered under his breath.

Sara swatted him. "Be nice!"

"That was me being nice," he grumbled. "That old vicar needs to be replaced and you know it."

Sara huffed. "Well, yes, but I don't see any volunteers, plus we'll be leaving for London soon. We won't have time to aid in the search."

He nodded, then a thought popped into his head. "How about we stay for a while?"

Sara looked at him through thick lashes. "Whatever for?"

"Well, wildflowers for one thing," he said, kissing her cheek.

"Hmm I guess." She wiggled against him.

"And I did promise you ducks," he whispered huskily into her ear.

She pushed him away. "That was so long ago, how do you remember?"

"I remember everything about you, my little duckling." He kissed her nose. "My beautiful, beautiful, perfect little duckling."

She answered him by kissing him on the mouth. He looked down and caressed her swollen belly. "It's a boy you know."

"Well you have been right about every other one."

He smiled. "I know, so what do you say?"

She winked at him then turned away. "I say we stay for the ducks."

"Perfect," he whispered as he watched his wife saunter outside.

He was left alone in his study to contemplate how utterly blessed he had been when a dark figure approached the door.

"Yes what is it?" he asked. A small maid had entered the room. Her face was red and splotchy, her hair a mess.

"You have someone wanting to see you, my lord."

"Who?" He asked looking back at his desk.

"Well my lord, it's, it's..." The color on her face seemed to heighten with each word.

"Oh, I'll introduce myself, thank you...." A deep voice came from the hall.

It couldn't be.

Impossible. He had been in France for two years.

Before his thoughts could get any further he looked up at the doorway.

"Sebastian St. James, Duke of Tempest, at your service." His old friend gave a low bow before continuing with, "I need your help."

