CHAPTER ONE

Julia

Julia had just dropped her course catalog on her bed when from behind her came a low growl.

"Don't move," the voice said.

She froze. Her notebook tumbled from her fingers to the floor and spilled loose pages everywhere. After only a split second, before she could decide whether or not to turn around, strong arms came around her chest and gripped her tightly. She gasped as hot lips grazed her neck, the touch electrifying her nerves and giving away the identity of the intruder as the connection between them sprang into clear focus.

"Haven't I told you not to sneak up on me like that?" she said.

"Well, but I never thought you meant it. Besides," he said, nuzzling her hair, "you deserve it."

"Deserve it?" Julia wanted to turn around, but Damien's hands were moving over her body in such a delicious way ...

"Of course you deserve it. For letting a blind man sneak up on you. Again!"

"First off, you can't very well call yourself blind," Julia said, leaning back into his embrace as his teeth nibbled at her ear. "You can sense me better than I-"

"I am legally blind." Damien said. "Furthermore, one sense does not replace another. I would give my left ear-"

"To see my right tit, yes, I know," Julia said, grinning as she spun around to face her mate. She couldn't stop a flash of sympathy from crossing her heart when she saw again the white scars that crisscrossed his eyes, the misted irises speckled gold that gleamed amber when he kissed her. He was always more wolflike in bed.

"I don't want your pity," Damien said, clasping her hands to his chest. His eyebrows were dark slashes across his forehead.

"Don't spy-"

"It's not spying. I can't help it. I want things to be open between us."

"It's only open in one direction," Julia said. She hoped that she did not sound too petulant. "I'm looking the wrong way into a one-way mirror here."

"I tell you everything that I feel," Damien said.

"You tell me some of the things you feel," Julia said. "Not all."

"No?"

"Not what you're feeling when you smell Mara go by after a workout." Julia cocked her head.

Damien closed his eyes.

"Julia ... "

"You don't need to explain," she said, snapping down on the thought she hadn't meant to let slip out.

"It's different," Damien said. "I don't love her. Hell, I don't even like her. It's a purely physical reaction."

"As opposed to what? All of the NON-physical emotions that I must have?" Julia said. She hadn't meant to start a fight, but now that he was on the defensive, she was too.

"No, you're right," Damien said. "It's not fair. I need to stop getting so upset."

"I'm sorry," Julia said, feeling guilty for her sarcasm and frustration at knowing Damien could already sense her guilt. "I know it's physical for you., It's physical for me too, when I look at your face." She placed both her hands on his cheeks, her thumbs stoking the seams lightly. "But of course there's more than pity. There's love. I hope you feel that."

"I do. I want you to be able to feel it from me too."

"That's impossible."

She said it softly. But he winced as she spoke the last word as though she had slapped him across the face.

"I'm sorry," she said again, the words spinning off helplessly into the air between them that now seemed so thick. He sighed and touched her face.

"I only wish I could see all of the beautiful parts of you that I can feel." He caressed her cheek with one hand, the fingers sliding down rapidly to her breast and cupping the weight there as he grinned. A wolf's grin. Julia knew then that the argument was over.

"But for now," he said, moving his hands lower, "I'll just have to feel twice as much."

"Oh, really?" Julia said, laughing as his hands wrapped around her waist and cupped her ass, pulling her against his body. She could feel his length through his pants, already growing hard. "Twice as much?"

"Maybe three times as much," Damien said, squeezing her ass as he picked her up entirely. Julia was pinned against his body, and she wriggled in his grasp.

"Put me down!" she gasped. Damien's face was pressed between her br**sts, his nose nuzzling her skin.

"Whatever you want," Damien said, throwing her down onto the bed and jumping on top of her. She barely had time to yelp before his hands were moving all over her, tearing her clothes off as he forced kisses down her neck.

"Damien! Ohh!" Julia twisted under him, hiding her smile. It was fun to play this game with him, for while he had the strength to pin her completely, he could also sense Julia's emotions and react accordingly. She enjoyed wrestling with him more than she cared to admit.

His mouth kissed her shoulder, her chest, slid over her n**ples, sucking until she cried out with the thrilling pain of it, then continued on, biting her on the neck gently, like a wolf admonishing a pup, then harder, sucking and licking her skin until she was breathless. His dark hair fell over his eyes and tickled her body when he bent down and kissed her hard, so that she was laughing through the kiss, then gasping, gasping for air.

"Damien!"

Strong fingers pushed aside her underwear and she felt him press his hand against her there. She moaned. Already she was wet with desire. She closed her eyes and tried to imagine the sensations Damien must be feeling when he met her body with his, blind to light. The feel of skin on skin. The warmth of breath. The sweet sighs and moans that rose from both of them, intertwining.

But if he felt her emotions, he must feel this too. Julia let herself sink into the sensation of Damien as he slid into her slowly, filling her. Her lips fell apart in a soundless groan. He stopped halfway and she reached up, pulling his h*ps forward into her, but he had her pinned.

"Please," she said. "Please."

He kissed her mouth, waited one more second, then eased in farther. God, he was so big. He stretched her out, but then retreated, beginning a slow thrusting rhythm that was unlike most of their lovemaking. Their first time making love had been fast, furious, brutal almost. Julia arched her h*ps up now as he pushed forward, then back, slowly, oh-so-slowly.

"Slow," he said, and it was both a command and a caress.

She rocked with him, then, the burning pressure mounting slowly as their rhythms began to match. Just as she felt herself about to crest, he pulled back.

"Torture," she gasped.

"Slow torture," Damien agreed, kissing her forehead as he thrust upward just a bit more, eliciting another gasp from her body. "For me, too."

"Oh, god, Damien, please-"

Her words faded as he thrust again, harder, penetrating deep into her core. She wanted it, yes, she wanted him. He began to rock harder into her body, still slowly, aiming at the perfect angle that pressed against her body, slicking over her sensitive flesh. Every thrust brought on a new bout of pressure, the ache within her building, building ...

"Should I stop before ... "

"No!" Julia pulled Damien close to her, her body clenching around him. He thrust once more, deeply, sending her tumbling into ecstasy, her mind unwinding, spinning out. Her eyes clenched shut, she saw stars still, blindingly white flashes that lifted her up. She gasped, the release so blissful she could not breathe.

He came after her, the shudder from his body rippling against her skin as he paused in cli**x. She opened her eyes to see him above her, his nose grazing hers. His eyes were open, too, and in them she saw a burning amber glow that flared brightly as he spasmed inside of her once, then again.

Damien kissed her lips softly, and she was surprised to feel him trembling. He rolled off of her, sighing in satisfaction as his head lay down on the pillow.

"Come here, love," he said. Julia snuggled up into the crook of his shoulder, her hand against his chest. They rested in silence for a minute, Damien's arms folded protectively around Julia. His breaths came at regular intervals, his unseeing eyes open to the ceiling.

"What are you thinking about?" she asked suddenly. "You're lost in thought."

Damien reached down and touched her belly, his fingers hesitant.

"I know you say you want children," Damien said. "If we keep doing this, though, it might happen sooner rather than later."

"We don't even know if it's possible yet," Julia said, turning her chin up to look at him. "You said yourself that shifters can't breed with humans."

"You're not human," Damien said.

"I sure as hell can't shift," Julia said.

"No?" Damien nuzzled her neck.

"I've been trying. It's not there. I don't know if that changes things. Maybe we can't even have children at all." Damien frowned, and Julia knew that he was sensing her conflicted feelings. She loved him, that much was certain, and the thought that they might not be able to have a baby was heartbreaking. That Damien would have to live as a shifter without her was equally heartbreaking, if she couldn't figure out how to shift from her human form.

"I hope we can," Damien said. "I just want you to be ready for it, in case-"

"If it happens, it happens," Julia said. The thought of starting a family with Damien made her happy. Nervous, but happy.

"What about your school?" Damien asked. "You've just started ... "

"I'll manage," Julia said firmly. "Not having to work at the library anymore gives me so much free time. And don't forget, you'll be changing half of the diapers."

"Change diapers?" Damien said. "How can I change diapers? I'm blind!"

"I'm pretty sure you'll be able to do it by scent," Julia giggled. Damien groaned, slapping his forehead with one hand.

"So you're not pregnant yet, right?" Damien asked. He smiled, but his expression underneath was serious.

"How would I know?" Julia said. "I haven't missed a period yet, if that's what you mean."

"I've always heard that you can tell right when it happens," Damien said. "Maybe it's different with us."

"Us?"

"Shifters, I mean," Damien said. "I just mean, maybe you-"

"I get it," Julia said flatly. She hated when he referred to shifters as us. She already felt excluded from the pack. And now this was just one more way in which she was different from the rest of them. Different from him. As though it wasn't enough that she wouldn't be able to stay with him as a wolf when he grew older. She'd never really felt at home in her own body anyway, and the way Damien talked made her feel as though there was something wrong with her. Missing.

Damien was her perfect mate, her one true love. The connection she felt with him was truly unbreakable. But at times like these, she was so far removed from his experience that it seemed not even their connection could hold them together. Not for the first time since their bonding ceremony, she felt as though she were disappointing him by being only human.

"I need to go pick out my classes," she said, and rolled upright, pulling her clothes back on quickly. She couldn't figure out how to explain herself to him without hurting him. It wasn't Damien's fault that she couldn't shift, after all.

"Okay," Damien said quietly. "I love you."

Julia bent over the bed and kissed him on the lips. She felt a flash of anger at the idea that he was reading her emotions. She had no idea what was passing through his head at that second. Maybe she never would.

"I love you too," she said, standing back up. Damien lay back on the bed, staring at the ceiling with his eyes open as though he could see. The scars that ran over his eyes creased with the hint of a frown, and although she knew that his golden eyes were blind, she thought she could still see a disturbed expression in them.

CHAPTER TWO

Damien

Damien stretched his arms out as Jordan pressed a stethoscope to his bare chest. The bathroom was not large, and his hands could almost reach from one wall to the other over the sink. Damien flinched at the icy cold metal against his skin.

"Ooh, chilly," Damien said.

"Breathe in," Jordan said. He bent so close to Damien's chest that his beard hairs tickled Damien's skin. "I've never met a pup more than a month old who whined so much during a checkup."

"Have I ever told you that you need to work on your bedside manner?" Damien asked.

"Breathe out, if you have any hot air left in you," Jordan said. He moved the stethoscope lower. "Breathe in. Breathe out. Okay, now don't say anything, just hold your breath."

Damien obliged. Jordan took off the stethoscope and put it back in his bag. Damien waited as he took out a needle and syringe from his bag, laying out the gauze and bandages on the sink, medical instruments clinking against the granite counter. Damien waited and waited. Was Jordan seeing how long he could keep air in his lungs? He hadn't counted, but he was sure it was more than a minute ago. His lungs burned for oxygen, but he held on as long as he possibly could. Finally, he could not hold his breath any longer. He exhaled loudly.

"What was that for?" Damien asked, panting.

"Oh, holding your breath?" Jordan said. "I just wanted a moment's peace and quiet from all your yipping."

Damien cuffed his friend on the shoulder.

"You're a terrible doctor," he said.

"Never pretended otherwise," Jordan said. "So why are we here?"

"I'm worried about Julia," Damien said.

"Clearly. So you ask me to give you a physical examination." Jordan tapped his fingers on the edge of the sink. "What's this about Julia?"

"Whether or not she can shift."

"I've done this already," Jordan said. "I've gone through it with her and with you."

"And there's nothing-"

"There's nothing physically wrong with her," Jordan said. "And the blood tests come back the same as the grandmother. Shifter. And I don't have the equipment to do it here, but even if I did a genetic test in more depth, I already know how it would look. Look at her red hair, green eyes. She's got every recessive gene there is, including that of a purebred."

"If she's a purebred shifter, then why can't she shift?" Damien asked.

"Ask the grandmother."

"Dee doesn't know what happened," Damien said. "There's very little she does know. Hypnosis, that was all she could say."

"Hypnosis can't change her physical structure," Jordan said. "I may not be the best doctor in the territory, but I know that much."

"Then why can't she shift?"

"Got me," Jordan said. "Put out your arm. Why do you want to know?"

"We've been trying to conceive," Damien said quietly, his voice dropping to a lower register. He winced at the tiny pinch of the needle in his arm, glad at the very least that he didn't have to see the blood flowing through the needle. He'd always hated needles.

"There shouldn't be anything wrong with that," Jordan said, his expert fingers pressing a square of gauze against the needle and withdrawing it easily.

"She hasn't felt the conception yet," Damien said.

"It doesn't always happen the first time," Jordan said, a smile in his voice. "Sometimes it takes a while. Weeks, months, even years."

"I'd be alright with waiting," Damien said, "but it's not fair to her to just keep waiting and waiting without making sure it's not a physical impossibility between us."

"Would it change anything?" Jordan asked. Damien drew a breath between his teeth. He knew what his friend was asking him. The entire pack depended on him as alpha, and if he wasn't able to have a litter of his own, someone would almost certainly challenge him for the role. If he decided to stay with Julia, and if Julia was stuck as a human for the rest of her life, he could not go on leading a shifter pack.

"I'm not sure," Damien said. "But I'd like to have as much information as possible before I decide on any one path. Scent twice before you run, right?"

"Right," Jordan said. "If you want me to check her out-"

"I want you to check everything with me first," Damien said. "I don't want to assume that it's got anything to do with her. I haven't had any pups myself, so it may well be me."

"Unlikely," Jordan said. He leaned back against the wall, scratching his beard.

"But possible. I want to rule it out before having her go through all of this."

"I think you just want me to touch your furry parts," Jordan said, and Damien knew that he was grinning.

"You got me," Damien said. "This is all an elaborate ploy to get you to fondle my twig and berries."

"Damien, my dear alpha," Jordan said, "all you had to do was ask."

"Ask? That's it? You wouldn't have asked me to buy you dinner?"

"Maybe a drink or two," Jordan said. "You already have my heart."

"Easy to win over. I like that." Damien chuckled.

"Alright," Jordan said, clapping his hands once, briskly. "Now drop your pants and howl at the moon."

The examination went quickly, although Damien did have to ask Jordan more than once to stop giving him compliments on each body part he examined. True to his word, when they headed out afterward to the local bar, Damien offered to buy the first round. Jordan carried their beers back to a booth where it was unlikely anyone would overhear their conversation. Damien adjusted the dark glasses over his eyes. They itched the bridge of his nose, and he'd grown accustomed to not wearing them around the house. In public, though, his scars might attract attention, and he had no idea how to control the glow coming from his eyes. It had never been an issue before.

Damien sighed and drank a gulp of cold beer. The brew was mildly tart, acidic, and very hoppy. Damien's nose twitched at the citrus scent but the liquid went down smooth and cool against his throat.

"How's Mara doing?" Damien asked. "I haven't seen much of her."

"She's still smelling her way around," Jordan said. "Kyle and Katherine have been making friends with her, but she's a bit standoffish. Condescending, if I could be so blunt. I get the sense she's not sure if she wants to stay in the pack."

"She can leave if she wants to," Damien said. "It's not as though we have a mate for her here. Just as long as I know she won't be spreading word about Julia anywhere."

"You spared her life," Jordan said, his drink clinking on the hard top of the table. "I don't think she's one to forget a debt she owes. By tradition, she's yours to do with as you please."

"Tradition be damned," Damien said. "I won't have someone in my pack who doesn't want to be part of it. It's just Julia I'm worried about."

"Mara will come around," Jordan said. "We might need to find a mate for her, but she'll come around."

"Agreed. How has she not fallen in love with you yet?" Damien asked, smiling. "Have you grown that much uglier since I lost my sight?"

"I'm hideously ugly," Jordan agreed, sipping his beer. "It's the beard that did it. Besides, I'm saving myself for you."

"Ah, yes, almost forgot about that. That's the only reason you're here."

"You know it," Jordan said. "That, and this pack makes me feel better about being so ugly. At least I'm not crippled."

Damien let out a burst of laughter, almost spitting his beer out onto the table.

"So you'd rather Mara leave? Being as she's the only other shifter who is whole, body and mind?"

"Body, she's whole," Jordan said. "That girl has muscles on her muscles."

"I think you're just saying that because you fought her to a standstill," Damien said, but Jordan was still off in thought about the girl wolf who had just recently joined them.

"Her body ... her physical body will be fine. Her mind, I'm not sure about. The other pack did a number on her."

"She'll get better," Damien said, the thoughts of Trax and his gang flitting a dark memory across his mind. "And then the two of you will plan a takeover of the pack."

"I'm sure she will," Jordan said, cracking his knuckles in precise staccato succession. "But if I wanted to take over the pack, I would have already. You're no match at all for my cunning wit and dexterity."

"Thanks for the vote of confidence," Damien said.

"Anytime," Jordan said. "You know I'd follow you anywhere. To the ends of the earth and back."

"You don't have to follow me around to the ends of the earth." Damien raised his glass. "At least not anymore."

"Let's drink to that, then," Jordan said.

"To finding a home at last for our ugly, crippled pack," Damien said, raising his glass.

"May we grow in number and loyalty," Jordan said, clinking his beer mug against Damien's. Damien drank deep, the cold liquid giving way to foam as he finished his drink. He licked his lips.

"Isn't it strength?" he asked.

"Hmm?" Jordan was still finishing his beer.

"May we grow in number and strength? That's a scripture verse, isn't it?"

"Yes, you're right," Jordan said. He took the last sip of his beer and set the glass down slowly, so that Damien could barely hear the faint clink. "But I happen to think that loyalty is better."

CHAPTER THREE

Julia

Julia gritted her teeth, her eyes closed, trying as hard as she possibly could to shift into wolf form.

"Feel the power run through you," Granny Dee said, her hands on Julia's shoulders. "Your body is not just a body. It is a part of the universe, and you have the power to change that part of the universe. Don't think of anything but that power."

Julia let her mind run blank. There was no power within her that she could sense, nothing at all. She thought of Damien, of how he had looked at her after they last made love.

No. No thoughts. Back to the blankness.

Julia chided herself for being so mentally weak. She'd thought that shifting would be easy, once she knew how it was done. But Dee's instructions had run from the most basic-just imagine you're already a wolf-to the complex-take two deep breaths and loosen the tension between the ribs in your chest to let your skeleton slide into its other form. Finally Dee, exasperated, had thrown up her hands. "It's not something that can be taught!" she said. "You have to feel it."

Julia didn't feel it. If she felt anything, it was a bitter disappointment that her grandmother, whom she had looked up to all of these years, would turn out to be helpless in the face of this problem. Dee had always been able to fix anything, whether it was a scraped knee when Julia fell over a log or a homework problem she was struggling with. Now, though, there was nothing she could do to help Julia, and it frustrated Julia more than anything.

"I don't think this is going to work," Julia said, letting her shoulders relax. "I don't feel anything at all."

"No worries," Dee said, her go-to phrase for when anything wrong happened. "We'll figure it out. Keep working at it."

"Sure," Julia said, although she wasn't sure what she was supposed to keep working at. Nothing they had tried had shown even the glimmer of helping her shift.

"Child, come here," Dee said. She sat down on the couch and Julia sat down next to her. Dee hugged her close, and Julia let her cheek press against Dee's wrinkled face. Her skin was thin as birchbark, and just as spotted, but cool to the touch.

"Julia, dear," Dee said. "This isn't just about shifting, is it?"

Tears leaped into Julia's eyes, and she was helpless to stop them from running down her cheeks. Her face turned hot as she hastily wiped the tears from her face.

"It's just ... it's Damien," Julia said.

"Do you want to start a family with him soon?" Dee asked.

Julia nodded, her voice too uncertain to rely on.

"Child." Dee's voice was strict, now, and Julia looked up into eyes that pierced her to the soul. Ever since Dee had shifted back into wolf form to fight Trax's pack of scouts, she'd started to glow from her eyes when she turned emotional, just as Damien did. It scared Julia, to think that someone she thought she knew had an entirely different side to her.

"Yes?" Julia said.

"You have your schooling. That's something you've always wanted."

"Yes," Julia whispered.

"And do you want a family now?"

"I never did!" Julia cried. "I never did, but now I do. I'm looking forward to college; I'm sure it'll be wonderful, but ... " She waved her hand in the air helplessly.

"But this is an ache in you," Dee finished.

"Yes," Julia said, "It's important, and so is school. I can do both." She realized that she was sitting up straight in her chair, every muscle tensed. She'd dreamed about going to college for so long that it didn't seem right to let family become the overriding factor in her life. But now that she'd met Damien, she understood what it was to want a family-not just to want this as an intellectual desire, but to long for a child that was both of theirs and to feel that longing in her entire body. She didn't know how that fit into her plans for attending college, but she knew that she wasn't ready to give up her old dream for the sake of her new one.

"You said that I was hypnotized," Julia said.

Dee brushed her long white hair back and knotted it at the base of her neck.

"That was a long time ago," she said.

"Would the werewitch know?"

"You don't want to go back there," Dee said. Her eyes glowed white at the edges of the irises as she spoke. "It's dangerous."

"But if it's the only way to find out how I can shift-"

"It's not, my dear," Dee said. "And even if you did go back, there's no guarantee the werewitch would still be there."

"She is."

Julia and Dee both turned to the source of the voice in the doorway. Mara stood there, arms crossed. Her dark hair, almost purple in its darkness, hung loosely over her muscled shoulders. A thin white tank top clung to her body, curving around her chest and showing off her toned arms to the greatest extent.

"There's no need to interrupt our conversation," Dee said, her voice icy. "I would have stopped talking if I'd known you would intrude."

"I'm just trying to help," Mara said. "If you'd rather I not-"

"The werewitch is there?" Julia asked, a note of desperation stretching out of her stomach and into her voice. "Where?"

"Where she's lived for ages, before even this old one was a pup," Mara said, tensing her muscles as she looked at Dee.

"Which old one?" Dee said, the white lines of her eyebrows lifting only slightly. "You mean your pack elder? I'd be careful speaking so carelessly if I were you."

"Is this your pack?" Mara's mouth twisted upward into a barely-veiled sneer. "I thought you were all just a bunch of wolves thrown together."

"Wolves thrown together can form the strongest pack," Dee said.

"Oh? How does that work?" Mara said, cocking her head as though she was speaking to a pup.

"Have you never seen a beaver's dam?" Granny Dee said. "Or a nest in the hook of a pine branch? The twigs that snag in each other's bends, those are the ones which truly hold fast."

"I wasn't informed that we were in the business of building nests," Mara said, obvious contempt dribbling from her words. "I was part of a pack that ran smooth as metal. We fight. We win."

"That is a sweet sentiment, my dear," Dee said. "Except the last time, you lost."

Mara winced, and underneath her cool exterior Julia saw a flash of pain, true pain. Was she so committed to her previous pack? They had treated Julia like an object. She couldn't imagine that Mara had been treated much differently.

"I did not lose," Mara said, but her voice had lost much of its sharp edge. "Trax lost."

"True," Dee said. "A pack is only as strong as its leader."

"We say that the pack is as strong as its weakest pup."

"That seems to place a lot of pressure on a pup," Dee said. She glossed over Mara's use of the word we, but Julia saw her eyes track Mara's lips when she spoke about her previous pack. Mara noticed it too.

"Trax's pack was all strong," Mara said.

"Because you abandon wolves when they are weak. Or is that not what happened with Kyle when he was young?"

"There's no other way!" Mara said. Her eyes darted from Julia to Dee, as though she was a cornered animal seeking an exit. "If you're weak, you risk the pack."

"Those who would turn their back on a helpless pup-"

"Don't quote scripture to me, old woman!" Mara cried. Her hands trembled in fists at her sides. "I'm sure that's what your pack uses to justify creeping around like mole rats under the earth, hoping to stay out of sight. Weakness, not strength. Hiding, not fighting."

"It isn't my pack," Dee said quietly. "It's Damien's."

"A blind wolf! Ha!"

Julia seethed. How dare Mara speak about Damien like that? He had saved her from Trax's brutal pack. He had spared her life where anyone would have simply killed her.

"And you," Dee said, continuing as though Mara had not spoken, "you don't understand strength."

"If you weren't so old, I would consider that a challenge."

"Find me in wolf form sometime and we'll see how much of a challenge you can stand," Dee said. She took Julia's hand. "Let's go, dear."

No! Julia wanted to cry out. What about the werewitch? She needed to know more about where the woman lived, how Julia could reach her. But Dee was already moving her away to the door and Julia could tell that one moment more would see the two of them at each other's throats.

"I guess as old as you are, you've forgotten how to fight," Mara said, taunting her.

Dee turned around at the doorway, her eyes glowing white around the edges of her irises.

"Better than forgetting what it is I'm supposed to be fighting for."

CHAPTER FOUR

Damien

Damien walked down the back porch of Julia's house, across the meadow, and to the edge of the forest where the soft grasses underfoot turned into crackling pine needles. He stepped carefully. Normally in human form he carried a wood cane to guide him, but he would have no use for the cane where he was going. He wore few clothes, for the same reason.

He stopped at the edge of the woods, just inside the treeline. Stretching his arms over his head, he breathed in. The pine smell was overwhelming in the air, and the birds calling back and forth seemed the only creatures alive in the forest. Damien pulled off his clothes easily and began to shift.

Although sometimes he was forced to shift rapidly, as for a fight, Damien preferred to take his time changing from human form into wolf form. The stretching of skin, the cracking of the joints-these changes made him feel alive, and he loved to pay close attention to the shift. First the bones in the ribs, turning and knitting themselves more tightly. The muscles of the legs stretched here, and here they contracted, and the joint of the knee switched and bent. He let his wolf form take over slowly, slowly. The fur, sprouting between his fingers. His fingers shrinking, his nails becoming claws. Then his snout pushed out his face, and this was the part where he felt most alive.

He breathed in, fully a wolf now, and the world came into focus around him.

The resin from the pines differed from one tree to the next, so strongly that he could pick out the trunks of each one around him. The earth smelled of wildness and animals, and here was the trace of a fox who'd been chasing rabbits in the meadow. Underground he could smell the rabbits' den, the tunnels stretching out beneath the forest floor. Nearby a deer must have died; the scent of rot was carried on the wind. And farther on, faintly, his pack-he could make out the distinct scents of each of them, their trails from days previous and also from that day. He would track them. He would follow them.

He walked to find Jordan's trail and held to it fast. Once he was certain he knew the way, he began to trot, then to run. The inner parts of this forest were familiar to him by now, although he always feared a downed tree when he was running-the scent of the broken wood might not reach him before he met the obstacle. As he ran through the forest, he picked up speed and certainty. The wind shifted and he was able now to make out all of the things in his path before he came to them. And the scent of the wolves grew stronger and stronger, until they were just over a hillside. At the crest of it he howled in joy and heard the rest of his pack call back. All except Mara. Her scent was strange to him, new and not yet so familiar that he could track her without effort. As he came into sight of the rest of the pack, he could hear Jordan bark in recognition. They were running, they kept running, and Damien joined them, falling into easy step with Jordan.

Now they ran at full speed, indulging their need for exercise and loving the brisk air on their backs. Kyle and Katherine tousled, losing ground and being left behind. Damien smiled inwardly-the two were inseparable, and he was glad that Katherine had been able to find someone else after he'd found his Julia. Then Jordan nipped at his ear and he nipped back, playfully tumbling over each other now that they had reached the edge of their territory.

"Farther?" Mara stopped and looked back at them expectantly.

Damien shook his head just before hearing Jordan prepare to leap, claws digging into the ground. He rolled down and out of the way, and Jordan tumbled over him and into Mara, knocking her to the ground. She yipped at him and leapt over his back as Damien feinted a snap towards his haunches. Kyle and Katherine bounded into the clearing, and soon they were all five of them at play like a litter of pups, bowling into each other in rowdy leaps and nipping each other's heels and tails.

It was nice to see his pack so active, having fun for once. They'd traveled for almost two years before finding this place, and now that they were settling in, they were able to relax their guard just a bit. Kyle and Katherine were still building out their cabin in the woods behind Julia's house, and Jordan was almost done with his shelter, a small den that was built into the crack between two boulders and topped with a moss roof. Mara-well, Damien didn't know yet what to do with Mara.

During play, she seemed at times to be too invested in fighting. One of her snaps came so close to Damien's ear that he could feel the air moving his fur as her teeth came together next to his head. When she shoved against him, she shoved hard, as though she were trying to push him over. Once when that happened, Damien heard her weight shift just beforehand and was able to roll back on his haunches. Mara fell forward past him, her claws scrabbling at the pine needles, trying to find purchase. She snarled then, a real snarl.

"Easy there." Damien thought it wise to break up the play fight before anything too serious happened. Mara had probably gotten carried away, that's all. Jordan noticed immediately, but Kyle and Katherine were too busy romping flirtatiously to care.

"You coming?" Jordan said, nudging Damien's shoulder back toward the house. Damien paused, trying to decide whether or not to confront Mara, then decided against it. Best to talk with her privately, save her from some embarrassment in front of the other members of the pack. Her scent was aggressive, but that might just be the play fighting that brought it out in her.

"Yeah," Damien said, and followed behind Jordan. He could almost feel Mara's gaze on him as they left the clearing and bounded away toward Julia's house.

Jordan said nothing as they returned through the woods, but when they shifted back at the edge of the meadow Damien finally spoke.

"You saw Mara?" he said, pulling on his clothes. "How she acted?"

"I told you, the girl has some things to work through," Jordan said. "She's not a danger yet, but she could be. You ought to put some sense into her before anything happens."

"We'll see," Damien said. Jordan was right about one thing: Mara would be dangerous if she decided to leave. Trax hadn't told anyone else in his pack except the scouts that Julia was a purebred shifter. The rest of the scouts were dead, but Mara could easily get the attention of her former pack. And after finally being relieved that he could settle down, attention was the last thing Damien wanted.

Jordan went off to work on his shelter, and Damien strode back through the meadow. Julia was sitting on the steps of the back porch, and as Damien came nearer he could sense a sadness in her that he didn't recognize from their previous encounters. He'd been sensing her emotions more strongly, lately, and with more nuance. Or perhaps it was that her emotions themselves were changing, becoming subtler, more pockmarked in her age. The thoughts that the feelings evoked became clearer. Enunciated, almost. Sometimes he swore that he could see the words exploding behind his eyelids in red and orange, like the way it used to look when you lay on the ground, eyes closed, the bright sunlight waving its way through the mottled and blowsy tree. The tree bending and shifting, gridding shadows on the backs of his eyes.

The words came then in a flash-

... abandoned me. He abandoned ...

"Hello, beautiful," Damien said. The words dissipated into dull embers under his eyelids. Julia's shields were up now that her attention was on him. Once she knew that he was feeling her thoughts, she immediately tamped them down. It saddened Damien to know that she could not trust him with her thoughts. He wanted to touch her shoulders with his hands, run them down her arms and over the inside softness of her elbow, over the curve of her waist, her hips. He wanted to whisper that he would never abandon her, that he was sorry for anything she felt.

"Hello," Julia said. The cheerfulness in her voice sounded forced.

... abandoned ...

Damien bent, kissing Julia on the forehead before sitting down beside her, his hands clasped between his legs. When he was with Julia, he felt almost as though he could see; that was how well he knew her body, could sense her movements, the whispers of her body's angles as she changed poses. The very air around her seemed to him to vibrate and pulse toward him.

He had not told her how deeply he had begun to sense her emotions. He did not tell her that sometimes he could hear the thoughts that she was thinking before she opened her mouth to say them. There had been moments-not many, but they worried him-when he had sensed things too sunken for even Julia to know.

A week after the bonding ceremony, Julia had been raving about Granny Dee's pies to Damien, whose stomach was growling just at the description of the crust. She'd been talking about a certain fruit pie.

"And there was one more ingredient. I know this," Julia said, her hands clasped in loose fists against her temples, knocking against them slightly, the pensive thump of skin on skin. "We had a tree in the backyard-"

... loquat ...

The word arose in his mind, the letters in red, the voice in her voice. He spoke without thinking.

"Loquat."

"Yes, that's it!" Julia said. "Loquats! And it was tart and sweet at the same time, but not too sweet, not, you know, cloying ... "

She went on, but Damien's mind paused at what had just happened. He had heard her thoughts. The word loquat meant nothing to him-he'd never heard of the fruit-and it shocked him to have in front of him the proof that he could, to put it plainly, read her mind.

He didn't tell her. From then on, whenever he heard her thoughts, he half-blocked them out. Not entirely, just turning down the stereo a bit so that he couldn't hear the lyrics exactly right. But sometimes, as when they argued over some small point, Damien found it useful to listen in on the half-formed phrases which floated into his senses. At times the words jumbled together and the sentences mixed themselves up, and he knew to take her hands and kiss her on the cheek, and let her rest against his chest for a while, until the whipping waves of her thoughts settled into an easy flow. Other times her thoughts would come out clearly, and at those times it was all he could do not to respond.

... it isn't fair ...

The first time he had met Julia, he had heard her thoughts, but thinking back on it, he might have just sensed her emotions by nose-stress put out a powerful scent, and so did attraction. But the words, he swore he had heard actual words. He could not trust his memory until he began to hear the words again and not just hear them, but see them.

Now he sat in silence, the tension between them twisting the air, making it hard for him to breathe.

"Where did you go?" Julia asked.

"To the edge of the territory," Damien said. Now that he was talking, the words of her thoughts were muffled. It helped a bit. "We might want to push out a bit farther to see where we can go. There aren't shifters for miles and miles around here. But it's probably good to keep close all the same. We don't have a large pack. Not yet, anyway."

He was rambling, trying to figure out how to ask her what was wrong without making her angry that he could read her. Fortunately, she didn't go long without saying something.

"It's lonely here," Julia said.

"Lonely?"

"When you go off. When you're all wolves, running out there." Julia shifted, the wood boards of the porch creaking slightly underneath her.

"I wish you could come," Damien said, knowing that his words were not enough. He put his arms around her. Julia rested her head against his shoulder, her lips kissing his arm lightly.

"It just seems like everything is changing so fast," Julia said, nestling into the crook of his arm. "And at the same time, I can't wait for some things to happen."

A flash of longing then, so intense that it shocked Damien's body and he felt it too, the deep ache that Julia held inside of her.

... a family. Our family ...

"We'll figure it out," Damien said.

"Figure what out?"

"How to help you."

"Mara says the werewitch still lives there. In Trax's territory."

Damien didn't speak. The tangle of emotions running through him was impossible to separate. There was fear, too, and Julia's fear, but also the undercurrent of longing, and he could not tell what his instinct told him to do.

"If she can help me ... " Julia said, "If she could reverse it-"

"We can go back there," Damien said, the decision coming to him as quickly as a rabbit jumping down a hole. As he said the words, a surge of hopefulness sprung up from within him-Julia?-and he knew that it was the right choice.

"Are you sure?" Julia asked. "It would be dangerous."

"We'll bring Dee," Damien said. "She'll be able to sense whether or not there are any purebred shifters."

"And Jordan?"

"Probably better to keep the group small," Damien said. "We'll move faster, attract less attention. And I'd like someone here to keep an eye on Mara."

"Thank you," Julia said. She hugged Damien around the neck, and he squeezed her tightly.

"Now if I'm not mistaken, I believe you have some classes to pick out," Damien said.

"I was just waiting for Katherine to get back," Julia said, pressing another quick kiss onto his lips before leaping up.

"Katherine?"

"She's decided to start school too."

"Really? She's so young," Damien said.

Julia laughed.

"She's the right age for a college freshman," she said. "It's me who's old."

"Oh, right. I forgot how ancient twenty-two year olds are."

"Absolutely ancient," Julia said. "I'm almost a fossil."

"I hate to think what that makes me," Damien said, grinning. Julia's mood had lifted, and he was happy. The pack was whole, and if the journey to the werewitch went well, Julia would be able to shift. And maybe-it hurt him to hope for so much-maybe they would be able to have a child.

CHAPTER FIVE

Julia

Julia walked up the stairs, her heart swollen in her chest. He would go with her to Trax's territory-or what used to be Trax's territory. She would learn how to shift, and it would be wonderful! They might even be able to conceive ...

As Julia reached the open doorway of her room, she reeled a bit and caught her hand on the door. The room had dizzied itself into pieces around her for a moment. So much had changed, so quickly. Would she be able to handle everything coming her way? A feeling of regret and disappointment struck then, crept its way up into her mind and wriggled into her nervous system with a low-pitched whisper of skin sliding across skin. The feeling was somehow alien, not her own perception. She'd never felt anything like it before. And then the door slammed shut beneath her, and Damien's presence was gone, along with the regret. It was then that she realized what had happened.

She'd heard it, heard him. And not just heard him, but felt a strand of what he felt, the connection between them somehow sharing his emotion. It felt like a dark creeping vine branching its roots into her body. It felt itchy, itchy all over, the kind that goes away when you scratch and then comes back, itching harder. It felt at once like love and censure, woven into a complex web and growing, taking its hold into her heart if she would only let it. The more she listened, the more echoes she could hear. It felt like standing in the entryway of a large cavern with a light that does not reach the end: darkness you can't see the edges of. The kind of darkness that makes a primal shiver run down your spine, hissing through your nerves.

It felt, she thought, like listening to God.

"Are you okay?"

Julia's attention swept back toward the voice, toward her room. Katherine was sprawled out on Julia's bed, her shoes still on, and staring at Julia.. Julia realized that her fingers were glued to the door frame. She probably looked to Katherine, and to the rest of the world, to be drunk.

"Yeah," she said. "I'm fine." She shook her head and plastered a grin onto her face. "Whew! Just haven't had my tea yet today."

"I've been looking through this," Katherine said, waving a folded-back course catalog in the air. "I already have a good idea of what I'm going to take. Well, a couple of classes, at least."

"Really?" Julia asked. "Which ones?"

"Botany, maybe. And math."

"Math?"

"I'm going to start with the most basic algebra, I think. I never studied it in my old pack, so I'm not sure how I'll do." Katherine ran her finger down the course description. "Linear and quadratic functions, systems of equations, graphing equations ... "

"Sounds fun," Julia said, plopping herself onto the bed next to Katherine. When she'd first met Katherine, she'd thought that the slim blond beauty had been standoffish. It was a happy surprise to Julia to realize that Katherine's chilly exterior was merely a product of her shyness. She didn't talk much because she didn't have much to say, and because she hated to be nuisance. Julia got the sense that she'd been told to be quiet enough as a child that she'd absorbed herself into silence that came out as indifference. After a few conversations, though,Katherine became more open with Julia, sharing her thoughts and worries.

"I don't want to do too much, just in case ... you know." Katherine nodded her head toward Julia.

"Know what?"

"You're trying to have a child too, aren't you?" Katherine asked, looking up from under her brows uncertainly.

"I-well, I suppose so. Yes." Julia felt strange talking about it. The students at the college she'd met had been Katherine's age, but they all seemed so much younger, more immature. Here was Katherine, at age eighteen, talking about starting a family.

"It will be so nice when we're done building our cabin, to have a home here. Not that your house isn't nice," she said to Julia, quickly, not wanting to offend. "But it would be nice to have a bit more privacy."

"I understand," Julia said, laughing softly. She'd walked in on Katherine and Kyle kissing on the living room couch too many times to count.

"But then we'll have some pups in the pack. I can't wait."

"You're not nervous?"

"Nervous about what?" Katherine looked up expectantly.

"About having a kid. I mean, we're pretty young, aren't we?"

"My mom had me at sixteen."

"To have a kid while we're in school, though. Won't that be hard?" Julia asked.

"Why? Is college hard?"

"I don't know," Julia said, amused at Katherine's innocent question. "I guess I always thought it would be. And having a kid is hard."

"Now that's something I don't understand about humans."

"What?"

"Why you don't have packs. It makes things so much easier. Like kids. You just let them run around together, and the whole pack keeps an eye on them. I was talking with Dee, and she said that most humans leave their families behind before they start having babies." Katherine shook her head. "Crazy, if you ask me."

"So you've always known you wanted kids?"

"No! I never did, not before Kyle. I mean, if I didn't have a mate, it would be fine to wait on it, but now that I've found him ... " Katherine shrugged. "It was different with Damien."

"You didn't want to have a child with him?" Julia said, swallowing. It still made her uneasy to think about Katherine and Damien as mates.

"No, no, it wasn't like that. It was-he saved my life, and I would have done anything for him." Katherine looked up quickly. "But we didn't share the connection. You understand. It was loyalty, not love."

"I guess I do. Now I do. I've never been in love with anyone else, though, not really. I never dated anyone before Damien. I don't know what that kind of relationship would be like."

"Not being connected? Not being able to share emotions?"

"See, I can't sense him the way he senses me. The way you and Kyle sense each other." Julia flushed, since the admission wasn't entirely true, not anymore. She'd sensed ... something from Damien today. She didn't know exactly what it was.

"That would be hard, I guess," Katherine said.

"What do you mean, she left?"

Damien's voice resounded up to Julia's room from downstairs. Julia and Katherine looked at each other with alarm. Moving in synchrony, they got up and looked down to where Damien and Kyle were standing in the living room.

"It was a race. She won. I thought she would come back here." Kyle looked up at Julia and Katherine, an expression of guilt on his face.

"She's not back here," Damien said.

"Well, then where is she?"

"I thought you would know," Damien said dryly. "You're supposed to be keeping an eye on her, after all."

"I'm sorry-"

"Let's search out, see if we can track her scent," Damien said.

"Her scent's everywhere in this territory," Katherine interjected. "We've been running around scouting."

"Well, we're not going to find her standing here," Damien said. "You take the western route, I'll take the east. Where's Jordan? And Dee?"

"Out," Julia said. "They were going-"

"If they get back here, tell them what happened. Tell Dee to take the north, Jordan the south. We'll be circling, they'll know the routes." Damien's voice was commanding, a leader's voice, and it was the first time since they'd bonded that he'd cut Julia off when she talked. She was taken aback.

"Should I come?" Katherine asked, taking a step down the stairs.

"No," Damien said. "You stay with Julia."

"Is all of this really necessary?" Julia asked. "She might have just gone wandering in the woods."

"She's the only one who knows that you're here," Damien said, his words heavy with meaning. "I'm alright with her leaving, but not unless she tells us why. And where."

It was then that Julia felt the connection again, felt a twisting of emotion through her body that was not hers. It was Damien, and the emotion shocked her. For although intellectually Julia had known that there was danger that Trax's pack would find her again, the weeks that had passed since her kidnapping had been so calm that she'd grown complacent. Trax was dead, wasn't he? And none of the other wolves knew that Julia, a purebred female, was here. None of the wolves, except for Mara.

But the emotion that now arced through her nerves made her shiver, and she knew for certain what Katherine had meant by being connected. She was connected to Damien now, and she knew what he felt, and what he felt made the hairs on her arms stand on end.

Damien was afraid.

CHAPTER SIX

Damien

Damien wanted to fly out of the door and run as fast as he could as soon as he heard that Mara was gone. He forced himself to keep calm while he was talking with Kyle. If they had a plan, it would be more likely that they would find her. In his mind, he saw Mara racing through the forest. She was fast-she had outrun Kyle. How would they catch up with her? Quickly he set Kyle off on one trail. He would take the other one. He would-

"Damien, wait!" Julia's voice tore his attention back. She hurried to him, took his hand.

"I need to go now," he said. "She's faster than we are."

"You should wait for Dee," Julia said. Her fear came like a current through his body.

"There's no time," he said.

"Then take me with you. I don't want you going alone."

"Julia," Damien said, pressing her hand with urgency. "I'll be fine. We need to find her."

"Why can't I-"

"You're a human!" Damien said, too forcefully. The shock of anger radiating from Julia struck him back. "Julia, I'm sorry. I just want to move as quickly as possible."

"And I can't keep up."

"Julia-"

"I'm not part of your pack," Julia said. Her frustration pulsed outward, mixed with sorrow.

... alone ...

"It's not that," Damien said, her words tearing at his heart. "Please. I need to be able to protect you."

"And I need you to protect yourself," Julia said stiffly. "Be careful. Why don't you go with Kyle?"

"We'll cover more ground this way," Damien said. "I have to go now."

"But-"

"Julia, I have to go."

Julia turned away from him then and walked back to the house. He felt the sting of her anger even as she retreated.

... alone ... abandoned ...

There was nothing he could do for her now. He wanted to run to her, to tell her that she was the most precious and important person in his life, that he would do anything at all to keep her safe, and this was something that needed to be done. He wanted to tell her that he loved her, that he would never leave her alone. But she was so angry that any words he gave her would be lost.

Instead he turned and shifted, his limbs twisting into wolf form, his body stretching into that of an animal. The scent of one of Mara's trails hit his nose. He would find her. He would protect Julia.

He ran into the forest, blind to everything except the scent of the trail ahead of him.

The territory they had already tracked was well-worn, and Mara's scent was indeed on multiple trails. Damien picked out the strongest, freshest one to follow. He loped through the forest, following the scent at an angle toward the edge of their territory. If she'd gone back to Trax's pack, this direction would make sense.

Kyle and Damien had done plenty of scouting runs to establish the edge of their territory, since Damien needed to learn the contours of the land under his watch. He was able to move quickly through the places he'd already been. This rock, that gully. He urged his body on faster, until he was moving too quickly to remember the layout of the land. He yipped in quick succession as he ran, though, and the echo of his voice off of the trees alerted him to obstacles ahead. Twice he had to dodge fallen branches that had not been there before, but his yips showed him the clear path, the path where there were no echoes.

Then he reached the edge of the territory, and Mara's trail continued past their scouting region. It was slow going in these places that he did not know, but the trail smelled so fresh that his legs often pressed him on too quickly and he fell forward, his feet scrabbling on unknown surfaces. Out here he worried about competing packs, even though there was no scent besides Mara's. The run in with Trax's wolves had showed him that purebred shifters could hide in human form without being detected by anyone who wasn't purebred themselves. He wished that Dee were with him, so that she could tell whether there were others around that he couldn't scent.

He wondered about the sensation of Calling. He was Called to Julia, but it seemed as though part of that-the simple act of sensing her presence-that was something that purebred shifters could do all the time, even with one they were not Called to. He wondered if Julia would be able to have that sense once she learned how to shift.

Mara's scent was strong, and in one spot it branched into multiple directions. Damien knew the trick, knew that it would take him time to figure out which track doubled back and which led forward. He trotted along, nose to the ground, trying not to get too frustrated when the ground dropped out from under his feet and he had to scramble backwards. It was rocky here, with gaps in the forest floor that led down who knows how far into chasms and canyons. Damien had stopped yipping to avoid giving himself away, although if Mara were near she would likely be able to scent him in the general area. The darkness around him was complete without being able to hear anything or sense by landmark the shape of the forest. Each step for him, then, was a step into the unknown.

Then the wind changed for a split second, and the air in front of him resolved into scent so strong it raised the fur on his spine. Mara.

Before he had the time to tense, Mara bowled into him from the side. Damien expected claws to tear down his stomach, but instead she rolled away after knocking him down.

"Got you," she growled, teasing him with her tone.

Damien backed up from the sound, his every sense focused on Mara and when she would move forward again. If she tensed, he would know she meant to jump at him-

"No!" Mara's cry came just a split second before her leap, and Damien shifted his weight back on his hind legs before realizing where he was. In darkness, he felt himself lose his balance and fall backward into empty space.

In a split second he realized his mistake. His paws slipped down rock face too smooth to hold onto. His claws scratched at the dirt in front of him. Damien yipped, frantic to sense his surroundings, to measure the depth of the fall before he hit ground. The rocks around him echoed his yips back everywhere, disorienting him even more. Then the ground fell out from underneath him and his stomach rose into his throat.

The last image that came into his mind before he slipped off of the edge was Julia's face; the last emotion, sorrow. He hadn't told her that he loved her.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Julia

Julia fumed as she headed back into the house, not sure if she was more angry at Damien or at herself for letting him go. Katherine met her at the doorway.

"Julia, don't worry. They'll be fine."

Julia pulled on her jacket and grabbed the car keys. Katherine watched her movements without comment until Julia stopped at the front door and turned to look at her.

"Didn't Damien say we should stay here?" Katherine asked.

"No," Julia said matter-of-factly. "He said I wasn't allowed to go with him. But I'm not planning on sitting here worrying." She tugged on one sleeve. She was already worried about Damien. If she stayed in the house she would go insane, she was sure of it.

"Where are you going, then?" Katherine asked.

"The college bookstore," Julia said, deciding right then that it was just the thing to take her mind off of Damien. "I've got to get some books for my classes. Coming with me?"

On the way to the bookstore, Julia inhaled fresh air and tried not to think about Damien going off after Mara.

"So," she asked Katherine, "did you decide on what courses you're going to take?"

"Just botany," Katherine said. She leaned back in the car seat, her arm casually slung outside of the window. "See how I like it."

"It'll take you a while to get a degree at that pace," Julia said, laughing.

"What do I need a degree for?"

Julia turned into the bookstore parking lot and looked over at Katherine, who was being utterly serious.

"Well, to get most jobs you need one," she said.

"Yeah, but we don't need jobs," Katherine said.

"How ... why?"

"Most shifters have plenty of money saved up, just because we never really need it," Katherine said. "I mean, it's useful if you want to interact with humans. But day-to-day living? You don't need anything. We have food and shelter naturally."

"I mean, why do you want to go to college then?" Julia asked.

"To learn things," Katherine said. "Isn't that why you go to college?"

Julia laughed as they walked into the bookstore. She'd assumed that she would have to get a degree to get a job so she could take care of Dee. Now, she realized, she didn't need to. It was a strangely liberating perspective.

"I guess so," she said. "I don't think most people see it that way."

As they browsed the piles of books, searching for Katherine's botany textbook, Julia considered what they'd been talking about. She'd always wanted to go to college and study for her degree, but was that just because that's what everyone expected a smart student to do. Sure, it would be fun to take a bunch of literature classes, but she didn't need to pressure herself to do well or heck, even to graduate. Julia wasn't sure how she felt about that yet.

Ten books piled into her arms later, she was much more confident about her choice. Since she was a kid she'd loved reading books and talking about them. She'd read half of the books on her list already, but the rest looked intriguing. Driving home with Katherine, she chatted about her favorite authors and listened to Katherine's story about how she'd learned to read as a pup.

"Do you have to learn how to shift?" Julia asked. "When you're a kid, I mean."

"Sure," Katherine said.

"What's that like?"

Katherine shrugged.

"I don't remember," she said. "It's like learning how to talk. I don't remember it, it just came to me. It's like I've always been doing it."

"It's strange, to think that I used to know how to do that and now I don't," Julia said.

"You had a different life back then," Katherine said. She looked older for a moment, and then snapped back to her young, lively self. "That's the same for all of us."

"I'm just glad you found me," Julia said.

"Damien found you," Katherine corrected. "Well, and Kyle did too, I guess. He's sorry about ... about everything." She looked away, out the window.

"He's told me," Julia said. "I'm just trying to forget it happened." She rubbed the birthmark on the back of her left hand. The small red marks had always looked to her like claw marks. That they meant something to Kyle, and to the rest of Trax's pack, made her self-conscious about the mark whenever she was out in public. What if someone else from that pack came into town and recognized her as a purebred shifter?

"So what's in your botany textbook?" Julia asked, changing the subject.

Katherine quickly brightened up as she flipped through the chapters and listed off all of their names: "Phycology, Mycology, Bryology-that's mosses, I know that-"

"That's a lot of -ologies," Julia said, laughing.

They pulled into Julia's driveway talking about weeds and plants and what the difference was between the two. Julia's arms were full of books as she pushed her way into the front door chattering gaily, but the look on Katherine's face made her turn quickly to see what was going on in the kitchen. Her arms went limp and the books fell to her feet as she stepped forward to where Damien lay limp on the kitchen table, the rest of the pack surrounding him. Blood streaked the table and the floor.

"He's okay," Granny Dee said, quickly coming around the table to take Julia into her arms. Julia couldn't stop staring at Damien. His chest rose and fell shallowly. It reminded her of the wolf that had attacked them, just before he died. And now it was Damien.

Damien.

"Is he- is he-" Julia couldn't make herself say the words.

"He's just got a broken leg," Jordan said, taking out the bandage that he'd been holding between his teeth. "Plus some scrapes and bumps."

"But he's not moving," Julia said, her eyes fixed on Damien's face. His eyes were open. Even when he looked at her, though, she could see something in his eyes. A glow, a spark, even if he could not see the world around him. Now, though, his eyes were blank and expressionless. She could not tear her gaze away.

"It's okay, dear," Dee said, squeezing Julia.

"I gave him a shot to put him under. He was shifting back and forth, trying to get rid of the pain, and it was making things hard for me to set the bone." Jordan looked up at Julia from under dark brows. "Really, it's not as bad as it looks. If it was, I wouldn't have let him shift back into human form."

"What happened?" Katherine asked. "Mara, what happened? He was looking for you."

Julia looked up to see Mara standing back against the wall, her muscled arms wrapped across her chest.

"He fell," she said.

"Fell? How?" Katherine asked.

"He fell," Mara said, turning away.

Katherine strode across the room and spun Mara back, shoving her against the wall. Mara didn't fight back. Her head hit the wall with a loud thump but she did not even raise her hands to keep Katherine away.

"What happened?" Katherine was irate, her chin thrust forward. It was strange to see her, such a slight young woman, facing off against Mara, who was built as strongly as any of the men there. "I swear, if you did this to him-"

"Katherine, don't," Kyle said, coming forward to pull her away from the confrontation.

"He fell," Mara said. "Like I said."

Ignoring the fight, Julia walked forward and knelt next to Damien, taking his hand. His eyes were a hazy yellow, his head bent to one side. She pressed her forehead against his, willing him to be alright. Being close to him made her breathe a bit easier.

"Will he be okay?" she asked softly.

"He'll be up and awake within the hour," Jordan said. "He'll have to keep off of the leg for a few weeks, but that's not too bad."

"Thank you," Julia said.

"We can take him up to your room," Jordan said. "I just needed a clear place to set the bone."

"Thank you," Julia repeated. She followed as Jordan carried Damien up the stairs and lay him in bed. Dee stayed downstairs. Although Mara and Katherine had moved their fight outside, Julia could still hear their angry words floating up through the bedroom window.

"He's not just a wolf," Katherine was saying. "He's the leader of this pack."

"So? He can't defend himself from a little tussle?" Mara asked pointedly.

"You led him outside the territory! Of course he didn't know the terrain!"

"He fell, I brought him back. That's all."

"That's not all-"

Jordan shut the window, and the voices below were cut off.

"I'm sorry," he said to Julia. "I'm sorry this had to happen."

"What's going to happen?" Julia said. "With Mara?"

Jordan shook his head.

"That's for Damien to decide," he said.

"What did he say about her?"

"He agreed with me before. That she'll come around. Or if she won't, that she's free to go as long as he knows she won't open her mouth about you to anyone else. I don't know if he'll trust her as much now, though."

"Do you trust her?"

Jordan scratched his beard with one hand.

"I'm not sure," he said. "At first I thought she just needed some time to get used to the pack. But now ... she seems like more trouble than she's worth. There's a reason wolves don't leave survivors in a fight."

Julia had never heard Jordan speak so coldly.

"It's alright," he continued, putting a comforting hand on Julia's shoulder. "He'll be fine. You should come have something to eat."

"I want to stay here," Julia said.

"Okay. I'm sure he can sense that you're here," Jordan said. He left the room. Julia held Damien's limp hand in hers. She had started being able to read his emotions, but she'd had no idea how capable she was of sensing his presence. The ability to sense undercurrent of Damien's presence when he was around her had apparently grown in her, and now that he was knocked out she felt his absence all too clearly.

She crawled into bed beside him and waited for him to wake up.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Damien

It was strange to wake up blind. The first time Damien had gone to sleep after the fight, he'd been worried. It was the first time he would be going to sleep as a blind man. He worried that he wouldn't wake up, or wouldn't know that he had woken up. What kind of reality is around you when you can't see? He stayed awake for what seemed like forever that night, feeling the pus seep from his eyes, knowing that blackness was all he would ever know again. He slipped into unconsciousness in jags, his breaths coming fitful and harsh until he fell, finally, into slumber.

Sometimes he would catch a scent of pine as he dreamt, and reality felt no more real than the dream when he woke and caught the same scent in the air.

Today when he woke up, Julia was there. He knew because of the smell of violets. He inhaled deeply, then winced as a searing pain shot through his ribs. The fall. Julia.

"Julia?" He reached out with his hands, his balance failing him, still woozy from the sleep and the fall. The fall.

"I'm here," she said, and it was her voice that gave him confidence that he had not died. At the sound of her voice, her presence overwhelmed him, even before she took his hands between hers, the small fingers wrapping around his palm.

"Am I alright?"

"Yes, you just broke a leg," she said. "And you're a bit banged up. You fell quite a way. Mara said it was more than thirty feet. It's lucky-"

"Mara?" Damien interrupted Julia as soon as his brain understood the name.

"Yes. She brought you back."

His attention narrowed.

"Mara? Where is she?"

"Downstairs," Julia said.

Damien tried to remember what had happened. He'd been looking for Mara, yes, and he'd found her. And they'd fought-

"Can you have her come up?" Damien asked. He spoke casually, but his mind was racing. "I want to speak with her."

The pressure of Julia's hands lifted as she rose to go, and Damien shivered.

"Julia?" he said. She stopped midstride.

"Yes?"

"I love you," he said. Damien cast back in his memory. He'd been backing up, and Mara had pressed him back over the ledge. Or had he slipped? He didn't know.

But Mara was still here at the house! She hadn't run away to tell any other pack about Julia, and Julia was safe. That's what mattered. Damien willed himself to calm down.

Mara's step was heavy on the stairs, and Julia and Dee followed her in.

"Damien, this pup has some answering to do," Dee said.

"I won't answer to you," Mara said.

"No, but you'll answer to me." Damien's voice was soft yet stern. The room stilled. Julia shifted her weight nervously, the boards creaking under her feet.

"What do you need me to answer for?" Mara asked.

"For going outside of the territory. For attacking me. To name two."

"I was only playing," Mara said, whining lowly. "I thought Kyle was still after me until you got close enough for me to scent."

"And you still attacked."

"I thought the pack's leader should be able to handle a bit of nip and tag," Mara said, challenge in her voice. "Apparently I was wrong."

"That's all it was?" Damien asked. He inhaled deeply, smelling the scents of the room. It would be better if Julia and Dee were gone, but he could still pinpoint Mara's unique scents. She was being aggressive, even now, a faint whiff of fight in her. And there was something underneath the toughness that was subtler to pick out. He'd been worried about betrayal, and perhaps that was a possibility here, for he smelled fear under her words. Fear that she would be found out?

"Regardless, our leader has a broken leg now, and it's due to you," Dee said, her words dripping as though from bared fangs.

"I apologize for that," Mara said. "It was ... a regrettable accident." Dee exhaled a hiss of a breath at her words.

"Regrettable indeed," Damien said. "Thank you for your apology; I accept it."

"Then if there's nothing else, I'll go help with dinner," Mara said, turning to go even as she spoke.

"There is something," Damien said.

"Yes?"

"Make sure you stay inside the territory lines," Damien said. "If anyone scouts outside of our bounds, it's only on my command."

"I'm certain your boys will be keeping an eye on me," Mara said.

"Promise.

"Yes, of course," Mara said. Damien let a moment pass, and then he nodded. She turned briskly and left.

As soon as she was out of earshot, Dee exploded.

"How dare she speak that way to you? The smart aleck pup! I ought to turn her over my knee and give her a good whipping."

"She's had plenty of those already from Trax," Julia said softly.

Dee fell silent to the reply from her granddaughter, and Damien let himself open up to Julia's emotions now, to feel as she felt. Hurt and pain, and longing, still longing. He closed his mind to her; the pain was too much.

"Damien," Dee said. "She's not a member of the pack. There's something dark about her, something dangerous."

"Do you think she would betray us?" Damien said.

"I think she will challenge you."

"As leader?" Damien chuckled. "I thought I had to look out for a challenge from you, Dee, not her!"

"There have been packs led by females," Dee said, her voice serious. "It wouldn't be the first time."

"If it happens, then it happens," Damien said. "And you can all test out the idea of having a female alpha. But I'm not worried about a traditional challenge."

"What, then?" Julia spoke up.

"I'm worried that she's not telling us everything," Damien said. "I'm worried that she may yet want to go back to Trax's pack, or what's left of it, and tell them what she knows."

"Then why are we talking?" Dee said, her voice bright with anger. "The pup nearly killed you, Damien. Get rid of her."

"How?" Julia asked. Her shock pierced his mind and electrified his nerves with its intensity. "You can't! You couldn't ... "

"We're not doing anything with her anytime soon," Damien said. "Not now. Not until we know for sure."

"The girl's a danger," Dee said. So stubborn, the old woman was. He'd think she was a mule if he didn't know she was a wolf.

"Perhaps. So keep an eye on her," Damien said.

"If you think I'm not already-"

"Keep a close eye."

"That's it?" Dee seethed with frustration. "Watch her tear this pack apart?"

"Kyle and Katherine should move out to their cabin," Damien continued, ignoring her protest. "She and Mara don't know how to get along yet."

"I doubt Mara could get along with anyone unless they knocked her head in," Dee grumbled.

"Dee-" Julia said.

"We'll get Mara her own shelter soon," Damien said. "But for now, I want her close."

"I'll do my best," Dee said.

"Then I have confidence that everything will go well," Damien said. Dee left, closing the door behind her. Julia sank next to Damien on the bed, laying her body out alongside his. Despite the numbness induced from the painkillers, the touch of her body so close to his sent vibrations from his head to his toes. He exhaled all of the stress of the morning and let himself open up to her emotions.

... hurt. My love is hurt, he aches ...

Her sympathy was like a soft bath of calmness, and her love permeated his body. He breathed deeply, letting the pain in his leg ebb away into the back corners of his consciousness.

"Everything will be fine," he said, kissing her brow.

"I know," she said.

... need to go. Need to find her ...

Damien squeezed Julia's hip, trying to distract her from her thoughts. It was hard, now that he could read her so clearly, not to respond to her directly. Instead, he let himself drift into pure sensation, reveling in the warmth of her body against his skin now that she was nestled in his arms. Soon, her thoughts quieted down and he could hear her heartbeat.

"Did you figure out what classes you were going to take?" Damien asked.

"Oh, I almost forgot!" Julia rolled over on her side. "I signed up for three of them and got all of the books today. American Literature, Creative Writing, and An Introduction to Philosophical Fiction."

"Philosophical fiction?"

"Like No Exit," Julia said. "Or Candide."

"I don't know what those are, but I assume they're very philosophical," Damien said, grinning at Julia's earnest tone.

"I've already read a lot of the books, but I'm excited about the creative writing one. I haven't written anything in ... gosh, I don't know how long!"

"It's not too bad," Damien said.

"You said you were a writer when we first met," Julia said, her fingers creeping along the edge of the sheet, tickling his side. "So where's your typewriter?"

"That's all a ruse to pick up pretty girls," Damien said. "I've only written a couple of books."

"That's a couple more than most people have written," Julia said, laying her head back down on his chest. "You said they were about folklore?"

"I wrote down some of the legends of our pack," Damien said. "Not our pack, I mean. My old pack. The one I left after I was blinded."

"You wrote about shifters?"

"Not exactly. I had to change a few parts of the stories. But yes, in an abstract sense, it was about all of the lore behind shifters."

"Will you tell me some stories sometime?" Julia asked. Her thoughts were beginning to creep back into Damien's mind.

... he'll tell stories. Children's stories. When we have a child ...

"Sure." Damien smiled. "There are plenty of stories to tell. Like the one about Rak's knife and the three coyotes of hell."

Julia laughed.

"Oh, that reminds me of a show ... what was that actor's name? From the show?"

... Tristan Grey ...

"Tristan Grey," he said, repeating the words he'd heard float through her mind. As soon as he said the name he knew he'd made a mistake.

"Tristan." Julia's focus snapped to attention and her fingers froze, pressing down on his chest.

... my thoughts. He's reading my thoughts ...

"What is it?" Damien asked, trying to act casual.

"How did you know that name?"

"I don't know. Maybe I watched that show a long time ago?"

"It wasn't a TV show," Julia said, her fingers curling back under her hand in retreat, her breath heavy. "That was a school play."

"A play?" Damien said helplessly.

"Coyotes. We all played coyotes. Tristan was one of the coyotes along with me. You knew his name. How? I never told you his name."

"Julia-"

"I never told you his name!" Her voice was frantic, now, her thoughts more so.

... Lied, he lied to me. Liar. LIAR! ...

"Julia, I'm sorry." Damien grasped her arms, trying to soothe her.

"Don't-don't!" Julia slid backwards, off of the bed. Damien lifted his leg to get out of bed before a shooting pain reminded him that it was broken.

Lied. Liar. He knows. He knows everything.

"Julia, let me explain."

Liar. Out. Have to get out.

"I don't want to be here," Julia said. "I don't ... I don't want to be around you right now." Her footsteps slipped backward, toward the door. He reached his hand out helplessly.

"Please don't-"

LIAR.

"I can't, Damien!" Julia's voice choked on the words. "I just ... I can't."

Betrayed. Liar. Knows. Out.

Damien listened to her steps as she flew down the stairs. The door slammed shut behind her and her presence faded from his senses. He leaned his head back against the pillow. Hurt and anger pulsed through his veins as intensely as if he had felt the emotions himself. He was a fool. She wouldn't want to talk to him again, and who could blame her?

The pain was too much, and Damien's hand scrambled for the pills Jordan had left for him on the side table. He gulped them down and waited until the blood stopped pounding in his ears. Julia had left, and he was alone now, so alone that he could not sense any edges of the reality around him. He did not want to.

The pills worked quickly, and the dark edges of the world blurred and enveloped him. He slipped into the emptiness gratefully.

CHAPTER NINE

Julia

Julia left the house in a fury. Having him know every nuance of her emotion was bad enough, but he'd been reading her thoughts without telling her! Hot tears welled up behind her eyes as she stormed down the porch steps and across the lawn. She didn't know where she was going, only that she had to get out.

The sun did not reach through in the thickest parts of the forest, and Julia ended up on a small trail that led down to where the dense firs branched over a stream. Balancing precariously, she clambered up the side of a boulder and sat down. The boulder overlooked the water, and Julia closed her eyes, letting the rest of her senses feel the forest as Damien would feel it. The soft bubbling of water over stones. The birds calling from one tree to another; a woodpecker at work not far off in the distance. A rustling of leaves, the slow creak of branches moved by the invisible wind overhead.

"Are you following me too?"

Julia snapped her head around and saw Mara standing just a few feet downstream, her arms crossed.

"What-where is ... " Julia looked around. Someone should be here.

"Jordan is just over the hill by his shelter, don't worry," Mara said. "Everybody's got their eye on me."

"That's not why I came here," Julia said. "Sorry, I didn't even know this was where you were."

"Why, then?" Mara cocked her head curiously. Julia didn't know how to respond, but when she didn't say anything Mara leapt up nimbly onto the rock next to her.

"I'd rather not talk about it," Julia said.

"If you're going to blame me for all of this-"

"I'm not," Julia said. "This isn't about you."

"Oh. Okay," Mara said. She sat in silence for a moment. A leaf drifted by in the stream, bobbing around the stones. Julia watched it go until it disappeared downstream.

"I'm sorry about what happened with Damien," Mara said.

Julia looked over in surprise. Mara's arms were wrapped around her knees protectively. Her previously snarky disposition seemed disarmed by Julia's obvious distress, but she was still wary.

"How did it happen?" Julia asked, being careful not to let any blame come into her voice.

"I-I thought it was Kyle following me. I led him through some tricks, to see if his tracking was as good as he said it was. He's kind of a brag."

"That's putting it mildly," Julia said. "What tricks?"

"Basic stuff." Mara shook her hair behind her shoulders. "Crossing streams, backtracking, that kind of thing. I was about to say forget it and go home-I thought Kyle had given up trying to track me. But I guess Damien was out looking for me too."

"He found you?" Julia asked, her heart beating faster.

"Yeah, and I had a great place hidden right outside of the territory. He came looking for me and I-you know, I jumped at him. I wanted to see if he could fight, even though he was blind.

"And?" Julia's mouth was dry, her muscles tense as though she was there, fighting alongside Damien.

"And he rolled me off but then backed up, like we were fighting for real. And then his back legs slipped off of the edge ... "

Mara stopped and looked up at Julia. Julia was surprised to see tears in her eyes.

"It wasn't intentional. I promise. I would never-I thought it was just for fun."

"I believe you," Julia said. She reached out and pressed her hand on top of Mara's. To her surprise, Mara took her hand and squeezed it-lightly, but Julia could still feel the strength behind her grasp. Then Mara pulled back into her shell.

"Katherine doesn't believe me. None of them do."

"They will."

They sat on the rock and thought. In Julia's mind, the scene played out in her head: Damien, backing up, not knowing the cliff was right behind him ... She shuddered.

"I'm sorry," Mara said again.

"It's okay," Julia said. "Really. It was a mistake, that's all."

"I don't fit in here," Mara said, looking back toward the stream. Her hands turned a dried twig over between her fingers, the dry leaves crackling as she pinched them off one by one.

"What do you mean?"

"This pack. It's not at all like it was back with Trax."

"What was it like there?"

"Don't get me wrong." Mara smiled, looking back up at Julia. "It's good to be out of there. But I knew my place, and it was easy to understand the pack rules. At least there, I knew to shut up and follow orders. Here, I feel like I'm just doing everything wrong, making one mistake after another." She snapped the twig in between her fingers.

"Hey, at least you can shift. I'm the worst pack member ever."

Mara laughed and tossed the broken twig into the river. It bobbed once and then disappeared under the surface, pulled down by the current. When Mara spoke again, her voice was low and tense and her eyes sparked with a fierce intensity.

"Do you want to go back to her?"

"Who?" Julia asked, but she had already figured out what Mara was going to say.

"The werewitch. I could lead you there, you know."

"I know," Julia said softly. The sparks in Mara's eyes twinkled as she looked at Julia.

"We could figure out how to fix you. So that you could shift."

A chill ran through Julia, making goosebumps rise on her skin.

"Yes," she said. "I would like that."

CHAPTER TEN

Damien

Damien lay in bed. The leg had not broken cleanly, and he was unable to get up without the pain making him yelp.

"It'll be another week or so before you can walk on it," Jordan said. "This wouldn't be so bad if you hadn't been shifting so much between wolf and human form while I was trying to fix you."

"I was barely conscious," Damien said.

"And you still managed to be a nuisance. I'd set up a splint for a human leg and turn my back for two seconds, then I'm back and it's a wolf leg I'm setting, all messed up."

"So I can't walk? Can I walk with crutches?"

"A wheelchair, maybe," Jordan said. Julia came into the room. "Or Julia could carry you around everywhere on her back."

"I don't want to know what you two are plotting about." Julia said. "But I'm not carrying anyone."

"I'm not rolling around in a wheelchair," Damien said. "I'll wait until my leg heals. A week?"

"I know you'll want to get up before then, but no," Jordan said. "A week. Minimum. This wasn't a nice little break you can get up and walk away from."

Damien sighed and turned to Julia. "Your classes haven't started yet, right? How are your carrying muscles?"

"About that. I need to talk with you."

Alone.

Damien blinked at the thought that came strongly from her. He turned to Jordan.

"Anything else you need from me, Doc?"

"Nope, and I've got to get back to work on my shelter," Jordan said, getting the hint. He packed up his medical bag and left the room.

"You need to talk with me about classes?" he asked, knowing that wasn't it.

"I only have five days before the beginning of the semester," Julia said.

"And?"

"And I want to go back."

"Back where?" he asked.

"You know where," Julia said sharply. "You've been listening to my thoughts, you ought to know all about what I'm going to do."

"I don't hear everything," Damien said. "And most of the time I shutter it all out. It's just that one time-"

"Just that one time when you slipped up." Julia said. "And all the other times when you didn't."

"I'm sorry. I am."

"It's not about being sorry," Julia said. "I ... I can't be in a relationship that's so unequal."

"What can I do?" Damien asked. Her thoughts broke through into his mind and made his blood run cold: Let me go.

Damien found that he could not breathe. She wanted to leave. Leave him? Forever?

"Julia-"

"I want to go back to Trax's territory," Julia said. "To find the werewitch who did this to me. You said I could go."

A rush of relief flooded through Damien. She wasn't going to leave him.

"I said we could go. And right now-" He motioned down to his injured leg.

No.

"I don't have much time before school starts," Julia said. "And I can't stay here, living with you like this. With you able to read me."

Not fair. Liar. Betrayed ...

Damien bit down hard on his lip. The rush of sadness and anger from Julia, the blame that overwhelmed him, made it hard for him to think.

"Julia, let's wait until my leg is healed and I can come with you."

NO.

"No." Julia's voice was as hard as her mind. "I'm going this week, without you."

"Then why are you telling me this?" Damien asked.

"Because," Julia said, "I want to bring Mara."

Damien cast about in his mind for the right thing to say. He knew Julia was expecting him to argue against it, and his first instinct was definitely to forbid her to go. The territory was dangerous. And Julia was unprotected. If wolves attacked her-hell, if any predator out there attacked her, she would be unable to defend herself.

But Mara, as part of Trax's former pack, knew the lay of the land better than anyone else. If he sent Dee along ... It had been years since Dee had taken Julia out of that pack and escaped the territory; she wouldn't know the current territory lines. Dee could watch over them, though-as a purebred, she'd be able to sense the presence of wolves from far out, and would be a good fighter if need be.

"You would have to take Dee with you, for protection. How long would you be gone?" he asked. He felt a brief hint of shock from her, that he'd acquiesced so quickly.

"Just a few days at the most," Julia said. "Mara says that it's a day's run from here, dusk to dawn."

"For a wolf."

"So two days for a human. Two and a half, maybe."

"Then it would be five days before you returned."

"Less," Julia said. Damien was struck by the fierce desire in her tone.

"Less?"

"I'll be coming back as a wolf."

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Julia

Damien took less convincing than Julia had expected. She sat beside him and held his hand, looking down at his leg in the splint. Now that he had agreed to let her go, she felt guilty to leave him.

"I don't want to go without you," she said. "I really don't. But I can't wait for you to heal. This ... thing between us ... "

"I understand," Damien said. His voice was firm, commanding, and she could tell that he'd switched roles-he was acting as alpha now, not just as her mate. "Dee will be able to tell whether there's danger. You, on the other hand, will be completely defenseless if any wolves do show up."

"Do you think we'll need to fight again?" Julia asked. In the last fight, she'd been a captive, helpless to do much but stand on the side and watch.

"If you do, I want you to have a weapon," Damien said.

"A weapon?" Julia's eyes widened. "Like a gun?" She'd never fired a gun before. Had never even held one.

"Guns aren't as useful as you might think," Damien said. "Wolves are fast. They fight at close quarters and the forest is dense. In a pack fight, they're all but useless."

"What, then?"

"You remember the box I asked you to store away in your closet?"

"You have a weapon in that and you didn't tell me?" Julia was aghast, but Damien just laughed as she hurried over to her closet. She stood on her toes and brought the box out, holding it gingerly between her fingers. It looked like a jewelry box, the dark wood gleaming. She opened the box lid. A leather sheath was at the bottom, the handle of a knife jutting out from one end.

She reached in.

"Careful," Damien said. "It's quite sharp."

Julia drew it out of its sheath as she lifted it out of the box. The blade whispered against the leather as it slid out, and Julia's lips parted as she held the knife up.

The blade was not terribly long-perhaps as long as one of Damien's fingers. The edge of the knife was curved, and both blade and handle were the purest white. She held it up to the light and turned it. The blade near the edge was so thin that it was translucent. It looked-she could not get the image out of her mind now that she had thought of it-like an oversized claw.

"Wolf bone," Damien said. "Shifters don't die easily. But this-" He shuddered. "This knife will kill."

"Show me how to use it," Julia said.

Damien reached behind her, his chest to Julia's back. His arm came around her and his hand slid down her wrist, his fingers moving carefully over hers.

"Just like this, it's a natural forward grip," Damien said.

"Like I'm holding it right now?"

"Yes, and you strike forward like this ... " Damien held her hand tightly and slashed the knife through the the air. A thrill shot through Julia's body, and she quashed it. This was no game. She slid the knife back into the sheath.

"Dee will help you practice," he said. "Julia?"

"Yes?" She looked up. Damien's face was solemn.

"Protect yourself. Come home safely."

"I'll try," she said, but it was only a whisper.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Damien

Damien argued with Dee for ages before they left.

"I've trusted your judgment before, but this is my granddaughter we're talking about," Dee said.

"She's my mate," Damien retorted. "And you will be there to protect her. I've given her my blade, in case she needs to use it."

"Blade?"

"I have a wolfbone blade. I told her you would show her how to use it properly."

Dee's inhale hissed between her teeth.

"Only as a precaution," Damien said. "I hope she will not have to use it."

"Those blades were used against wolves in the Purges," Dee said. "They're nothing but bad luck."

"Something I hope will help her in case she does need to take it out of her belt." Damien spoke calmly, though he trembled underneath. "The threat of the blade will be sharp enough."

"How did you get such a knife?"

"I stole it from someone who hunted me once," Damien said, and turned away to scratch an itch at his ankle. He did not want to remember that part of his past.

"They have a dark magic in them, I've heard."

"What have you heard? In all my search of folklore, I've not come across much at all."

"The story of Blood River-"

"That one, yes. Every pup has heard that one," Damien said. "But it's only a tale meant to scare children into keeping close to the den."

"Is it?"

At that moment the scent struck him: uncertainty. The fear of uncertainty. He started back at the scent. Dee? Dee believed?

"There aren't many other accounts of wolfbone blades," Damien said, keeping the surprise out of his voice. He'd scoured the literature, always searching for more, and nothing had ever to him suggested their veracity. And that Dee thought spirits might exist in reality was laughable-or would be, if he was in a mood to laugh. He wasn't. "They were used in the Purges, yes, but that was before my time-"

"Not before mine," Dee said.

"How ... how old are you?"

Damien was struck with new consideration at the thought. Purebred shifters lived longer, much longer than their hybrid counterparts. Her blood was pure-did that mean Julia would live as long as Damien? Or longer? The full import of what her journey might achieve hit Damien like a branch he had not seen coming.

"Probably much younger than you think. I was only a child during the Purges. But still, yes. And Julia will be, too."

"If she does it? If she shifts? Or would she still live as long?"

"Nobody but one god knows what time it is we have," Dee quoted.

"And that god knows all, and knows that time is not." Damien touched his fingers to his lips at the same time Dee touched hers. "But an average is just that. I would like to know if I am likely to be outlived by my ... by Julia."

"Or by your children," Dee said.

Damien was silent. Dee got up from her chair, the wooden legs scraping just slightly against the floor.

"I've outlived my share of family," Dee said, the sigh in her voice as worn as thin cloth. "Julia is all I have left."

"Then I'm glad you're there to protect her," Damien said.

"You know how precious she is," Dee said. "I didn't think you would let her go."

Damien paused. He could change his mind and order her to stay. Order her to wait until his leg was healed enough to go with her. But the rift between them was so great that he dared not keep her-and lose her.

"I know she'll come back," Damien said. His voice resounded with confidence, but inside he was hollow.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Julia

Julia sucked air between her lips.

Damien lay in her bed. Their bed. She sat at the edge of the bed, looking out of the window. The half-moon could barely be seen along the edge of the tree line in the distance.

"Tell me what you're thinking," Damien said.

"You know what I'm thinking." The words were out before Julia could stop them. She wanted to reach out and pluck them back out of the air as soon as they had left.

"I know how you're feeling. Nervous. Sad."

"And a little hopeful," Julia said. "I hope that when I come back, we can start our family."

"I hope so too," Damien said, tugging his fingers into the waistband of her jeans. "For now, though, this will have to be a purely recreational exercise."

Julia couldn't help but laugh as he pulled her towards him and into a deep kiss.

"Recreational, you say?" she asked. "And you with a broken leg? I'm looking forward to playing with you when you're not all broken up and bruised."

"Never mind that," Damien said. "I want you to strip for me."

"I hate to remind you," Julia said, leaning forward to press a kiss to her mate's forehead, "but you're blind."

"Then you'll have to stay pretty close," he said, running his hands down Julia's sides. "So I can feel you."

"Alright," Julia said. She unbuttoned her blouse as Damien's fingers slipped down after hers, smoothing over her skin. Damien curled one finger down into the top edge of her bra.

"Hey now, no peeking!"

"Sorry," Damien said, but the grin on his face belied his words.

Julia pulled off her top and threw it to the ground, standing up to unbutton her jeans. Damien's hands moved down over her h*ps as she shuffled her jeans down.

"Turn around," he said, in a voice that left no room for argument. Julia complied. His hands cupped her bare ass, squeezing, kneading, as she stepped out of her pants. His touch made her ache with desire, his fingers sending sharp thrills of pleasure down her nerves wherever they touched.

Julia turned back suddenly, leaning forward over Damien. Damien's hands moved across her stomach as she unclasped her bra and pulled it off. As soon as her br**sts were free, Damien was cupping them, pinching one nipple with his strong fingers and rubbing his thumb roughly over the other. She wanted to scream with pleasure.

His lips sealed over her breast, his tongue working in slow insistent circles over her nipple. She gasped as he seized her nipple between his teeth, the cool air of his inhaled breath perking her nipple, making it hard.

"Damien, oh, Damien," she moaned. She took his hand and moved it between her legs. She pulled down her panties and led his fingers to where she was already dripping wet and hot. He thrust his fingers inside of her and she yelped in surprise.

"Come here," Damien said.

"Where?"

"Here." Damien tugged her forward, taking her leg with his strong arms and pulling her onto him so that she was kneeling over him, straddling his chest. He slid down between her thighs and before she could say a word his mouth was on her, there, kissing her most sensitive flesh.

"OHHH!" she cried, the hot pressure of his tongue moving in slow circles over her. Her body trembled, every muscle shivering in bliss and anticipation. Each stroke of his tongue on her made her rise closer and closer to ecstasy, his lips sucking and licking in a ever-increasing tempo.

"Ride me," he commanded. His hands were on her hips, pulling her down, and her body went along instinctively. He licked, long, slow, licks, and she trembled, her body now moving in slow circles down onto his mouth.

"Oh, Damien," she moaned. "Ohhhh, yes. Yes!"

Her h*ps twitched as his tongue flicked her hard, swollen nub and she gave herself over to the feeling, grinding her h*ps in a rhythm that grew more and more frantic. He sucked her there, and the pressure of his lips and the hard flick of his tongue sent her spiraling out past the point of want and into need. Need. She needed this. Needed him.

"Ahhhhh!"

She screamed as the flash of bliss came through her, riding her as she rode Damien. She pressed the back of her hand to her mouth to muffle the cry, but then she didn't have to-there was no more breath left in her. The waves came fast and furious and she spasmed over and over, Damien's hands guiding her h*ps until she was spent.

Then he licked her, soft licks that verged on tickling. She giggled.

"Now," Damien said. "Ride me." He shifted, moving her down, and Julia was careful not to bang into his leg as she eased herself down onto his already hard cock. Despite her slickness, when she slid down onto him she gasped at his immensity.

He moaned, thrusting upwards, and worked his swollen length farther into her. Slow thrusts, out and in. Julia had her hands on his shoulders, bracing herself, and with every motion he made she felt herself clench tighter around him.

Time disappeared as they moved in each other's arms. It might have been a minute or an hour that they spent rocking back and forth, Damien's c*ck gliding with a slow friction into Julia's welcoming core.

She leaned forward and kissed him, and his arms supported her full weight, bringing her close to him. They paused in one upward thrust, Damien's h*ps raised, piercing her completely. Her lips trembled against his, their breaths mingling between them. Every nerve of hers vibrated in anticipation.

"Julia, I love you," Damien said.

"I love you too," she whispered.

He clutched her close as his orgasm came, moaning, biting her shoulder. She felt his shudder and it sent her body into another rolling orgasm along with him, her h*ps spasming with his. Their bodies came together as one, their limbs intertwined, skin on skin.

"Damien! Damien!" She could not stop his name falling from her lips. It was a cry of surrender and of desire, of love and of longing, all at once.

When their bodies slowed and stopped, Julia rolled off carefully and lay beside him, his arms closing around her, enveloping her safely.

"Sleep," he said, kissing her forehead.

She slept.

The morning of a long journey was always the same for Julia, but this would not be a normal trip. It was dark outside of the windows, chilly from the night air, the grass dewy and the last owls swooping through the tree branches to grab prey before the sun's rays find them out. The sense of anticipation while packing the last few things. The quick beat of breath.

Dee had already shifted into wolf form, and as the pack said their goodbyes, she walked to the edge of the forest and sat there, a pure white wolf waiting at the edge of darkness. Mara went with her and stood in human form, waiting for Julia. The sky had become gray and clouded. Damien struggled to stand on his good leg, and Julia hugged him tightly around the neck, sending her love directly to him and trying to hide the fear she felt.

"Tell Dee thank you," Damien said. "For going with you."

"I will. I'm sure she's just anxious to start. Mara too."

"Be careful. You have the blade?"

"Yes," Julia said. The weight of it in its leather sheath pressed against her hip.

"Come back soon. Come back safe, so that we can ... " Damien's words trailed off.

"So that we can start our family." Julia murmured.

"I love you," Damien said. His hands moved across her face, as though memorizing the contours.

"I love you," Julia said, swallowing hard. The danger of the woods and what lay beyond struck her with immediacy. Before she could change her mind, she turned and crossed the meadow, leaving the pack behind. Leaving Damien behind. She met Mara and Dee, and together the three of them walked into the trees. Julia did not look back, and soon the woods swallowed them into darkness.

They were silent for a long time, walking quickly. Julia was surprised at just how out of shape she was compared to Mara and Dee. Well, it was maybe not the best idea to compare herself to Dee in wolf form, but still! She had to ask them multiple times to stop so that she could catch her breath.

It was a few hours later when the sun was beginning to shine through the branches that Julia's stomach turned over.

"Excuse me," she said, stumbling to the nearest large tree to hide her sickness. She bent over, hands on her knees, trying hard not to retch. Dizziness came over her. They had only been walking a few hours, and already she was being weak. She was ashamed.

"Are you alright?" Mara asked, coming over.

"Fine," Julia said, standing up. She was still dizzy, but the nausea had passed. "Can I have something to drink?"

Mara passed her the water bottle as Dee trotted back, looking up at Julia with questioning eyes.

"I'm fine," Julia told Dee. "Really. Just need something to drink."

"Drink up," Mara said. "We'll be hitting the stream soon and following it up."

"Is the water safe to drink here?" Julia asked.

"Depends where you're getting it from. Near the spring, sure. Down here? Probably not the best. Highway runoff gets in it in places. But we packed enough to last us."

They continued walking as Julia drank, and as Dee moved to scout farther ahead, Mara became more chatty. Julia was happy to talk: it took her mind off of the reason they were traveling and off of her sickness. A light mist fell and Julia raised her head up, letting the light rain cool her face. After so much hiking, it was good to be cold. She lifted the bottle to her lips.

"That mark," Mara said, squinting at Julia's hand. "You'll want to cover it up."

Julia looked down at her hand. The four small red marks looked like claw wounds. Mara reached down and picked up a pinch of moist dirt, then rubbed it onto the back of Julia's hand. The birthmark was obscured. Unless somebody was looking closely, they wouldn't notice.

"Is that if we meet shifters from your old pack?" she asked.

"Yeah," Mara said. She looked up and laughed. "Your hair is bright red, though. I don't know why I didn't think of that." She laughed. "Pretty useless to hide your hand and leave your hair."

"I'm not rubbing mud into my hair," Julia said, laughing.

"Oh well," Mara said. "Gloves would have been better anyway to cover your hands."

"In the summer?"

"Dainty gloves," Mara said.

"Old woman gloves? The fancy kind that go to the elbow?" Julia chuckled.

"This is a very fancy mission," Mara said.

"And a fancy hat with feathers," Julia said. "To cover my hair. If anyone asks, we could tell them we're going to a tea party."

Mara leaned over and spoke in a gruff tone.

"'Pardon me, ma'am. I-ah, I couldn't help but notice you're edging into another pack's territory.'" Julia stifled a groan as Mara clutched her hand to her heart in mock distress. "'Ahhh, how right you are, kindest sir. My utmost apologies.'"

They burst into giggles and Dee appeared in front of them out of the woods, her stare accusing, her eyes crackling red and yellow. She didn't have to speak. Her message was clear, and the two girls closed their mouths. They were outside of their territory now, and would have to stay low to avoid detection.

The rest of the day was spent hiking through hilly territory.

At night, just as the sun's rays had faded completely from the bits of sky overhead, they stopped near a cluster of boulders. Mara tossed her pack down next to one of the boulders and Julia sat down on the ground gratefully. Dee ran off into the woods.

"Where is she going?" Julia asked.

"To scout," Mara said. "She'll circle out a mile or so and make sure there's nobody near."

A mile. Julia was in awe at how fast Dee could run as a wolf. She wondered what it would be like, to run and run and not be tired. The day's hike was catching up to her, and her legs ached. She rubbed them, trying to stave off a strain. Mara walked around the boulder to shift and came back in wolf form, curling up against a boulder. Dee had come back and nuzzled Julia's hand, sitting down. Julia lay next to her grandmother, her head on her pack. Dee's eyes were alert, and Julia realized that she would stand watch. The thought comforted her.

Julia thought she would have a hard time going to sleep, but after just a few minutes she had drifted off.

She dreamt, or maybe it was not a dream, she did not know. All she knew was that the moon was shining somewhere in the trees, and that she must find it. Mara and Dee lay on opposite sides of her, but when Julia got up and began to walk quietly away through the woods, they did not stir in their sleep. Her feet seemed not to make any noise at all, not even the slight crunch of a half-dried leaf.

The moon beckoned her. Slivers of its pale thin light sliced through the pine needles, twinkling over resin-crusted branches. Whenever she thought she had caught it, though, whenever she looked up to where the slivers of moon had splintered through the brush, she saw nothing. Then again, a twinkle! She darted through the branches and stopped cold, arms wheeling in the air to keep from falling into the chasm in front of her. Her toes were on the lip of a sheer drop, complete emptiness in front of her.

She gasped as she regained her balance. The moon shone brightly, full and near. She saw why she had not been able to catch it before-it was just now edging up over the black edge of the mountain, its pale circle swollen with perspective, and the rays of its light broke through the branches sideways on either side of her. She stood frozen on the edge of the cliff.

Dream, was this a dream? Something in the valley called her name, and she strained to see down through the blue moonlit trees. There it was. Julia saw light reflected back at her, twinkling and sparkling like a shooting star. As her eyes adjusted, she saw more of the sparkling lights floating through the woods below, a wide swath of lights carried through the trees.

Maybe it was a change of the wind that brought the rushing sound to her ears, or maybe it was the peculiar taste of the air, but the lights below came into focus all at once when Julia realized what she was seeing.

A stream. Or no, many streams. The light was the moon reflected on the surface of the water, the rippling sparkles moving as the river moved. She let her gaze sweep across the valley, following the lights backward to a single point in the middle of the forest. The wind blew from behind her, pushing her forward and she stepped back quickly, reaching out with one hand to grasp the branch of a nearby tree. She let out her breath, unaware that she'd been holding it while she looked at the moon. A strange chill of fright and disappointment swept through her body. The danger she'd been in, standing right at the edge so high up! And stranger yet-as she'd stood there, she thought that the wind would blow her out towards the streams.

It was beautiful. The moon danced over the branches below, and she followed the wind with her eyes as it brushed its way across the valley floor. Beautiful, so beautiful ... Her eyes opened wide, and she stepped forward again toward the edge. Maybe if she leapt, the wind would catch her and carry her down and make her beautiful. Beautiful like the moon.

A howl behind her broke the spell.

Julia spun around. Another cry joined the first, and then both were strangled. Julia's feet moved of their own volition, but it was not fast enough. She was awake now, and certainly not dreaming. Stumbling through the trees, she arrived at the cluster of boulders. Mara and Dee were gone.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Damien

Damien sat on the porch, listening to the branches of the forest whisper in the distance. A late summer storm was gathering, the electricity in the air crackling across the hairs on his arms.

He smelled something. He wanted to shift into wolf form so that he could scent out what it was, but Jordan would have to reset the splint on his leg. He pushed himself out of the chair and leaned forward onto the rail, his nose lifted. The wind blew the wrong direction, but a sudden gust brought a smell to his nose that was unmistakable. Wolf, yes. But more than that, blood.

His heart beat fast as he limped over and down the porch stairs. The smell was strong, now, and he recognized Dee's scent. Before he could even take a single step into the meadow, she had broken through the treeline: he could hear her paws now on the grass.

"Dee?"

The wolf bounded forward as Damien struggled to stand, and then the wolf scent was gone and it was just Dee.

"They took Mara," she said, her voice hoarse and panting. "I escaped."

"Where's Julia?" Damien asked, his stomach turning.

Behind him, Jordan pulled open the screen door.

"What's going-Gods, Dee, you're bleeding everywhere!" Jordan hurried down the porch steps to help Dee.

"Damien," Dee said. Her hand touched his arm and he pressed his own hand on top of hers. "I tried to track her, but the scents were all mixed up. I was already too weak."

"Did they take her?" In his mind, Damien saw Trax and the rest of his pack, saw Julia bound in their den.

"She was gone before I could see," Dee said. "She may have escaped. I don't know."

"You need to lie down," Jordan said, an urgency in his voice. "I need to stitch up this wound soon. You've already lost a lot of blood."

"Then where is she?" Damien said, not letting go of Dee's hand.

"I believe she's still in the territory somewhere. I couldn't-I couldn't find her." Her voice broke at the admission.

"Damien, she needs to lie down," Jordan said. Damien let go of Dee's hand. Julia ...

Jordan carried Dee inside. Damien hobbled in after them.

"Jordan, can you splint my leg again if I shift?" he asked. Jordan helped Dee lay back onto the couch, giving her a towel to staunch the flow of blood.

"Damien, what would you do? Limp your way into Trax's territory?" Jordan asked.

"Trax is dead. He has no territory," Damien said.

"There are still wolves there," Jordan said.

"The ones that took us captive were prepared," Dee said.

"Were they purebred?" Damien asked. It would make it harder if he couldn't sense them.

"No. They came in human form, though."

"As humans? How did they fight?"

"They used snares on us." Dee coughed, her voice choking. "While we slept."

"You were asleep?" Damien could not believe that Dee had not sensed them coming.

"Mara was on lookout. She must have fallen asleep, too. They separated Mara and me after they captured us."

"Captured you, you mean."

"What are you driving at?" Jordan asked. Then, to Dee: "Tilt your head back. This will only hurt a little."

"Could she have betrayed you both?" Damien said. "If they were prepared, maybe-"

"I thought the same, but they dragged her away howling. If she wanted to betray us ... " Dee's words trailed off, and she gasped as Jordan snipped off the excess cord for the first stitch.

"We'll find her, Dee," he said.

"Jordan can take Kyle and Katherine along with me once I'm all patched up," Dee said.

"Not until tomorrow," Jordan said. "It'll be better to go then."

Blind and broken, Damien wanted to howl in frustration. He could not find her like this. His arms ached to hold her, to protect her. She was out there, somewhere ... alone.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Julia

Julia heard yelps and barks reverberating through the trees. She tried to follow the noise, but it quickly faded-whether from distance or because they'd stopped yelping, she didn't know. She hoped that they were both alive.

"Dee? DEE!" Forgetting to be cautious, Julia screamed aloud as she ran toward where the sounds had come from.

"MARA! DEE!" Struggling forward in the darkness, she soon lost her path. The thin moonlight filtered through the tree branches above was not enough to light her way, and she tripped over roots and fallen branches. She called for Mara and Dee until her voice was hoarse, walking for over an hour before giving up. There was no light and she had no way to know which direction she should go, and her eyes were closing even as she walked forward. She stopped, finally, and collapsed next to a tree, her sobs quietly dying down. An owl called overhead. There was no energy left in her body; she did not even care about the pine needles jabbing into her skin as she fell to the forest floor. Before she faded into sleep, she drew the wolfbone knife Damien had given her and clasped it in her hand for comfort in front of her.

Then there was only silence and she was alone.

When she woke, she didn't remember for a moment where she was or what she was doing. She rubbed her bleary eyes and then it came to her like a slap across the face: Dee. Mara and Dee were gone. Someone-wolves, maybe-had taken them. How did they get to Dee? Why hadn't she woken them up last night instead of wandering off in a half-sleep?

Shaking the regrets from her mind, she stood up. She was thirsty, and hungry, but the capturers had taken the pack along with Dee and Mara, and she had nothing. Nothing except the knife on her belt. She began to walk forward, with no aim but to go somewhere, anywhere. At least she'd been going in the right direction-from the rising of the sun, it seemed as though she was still headed out to Trax's territory. But should she go that way or back toward Damien?

Damien. He would know what to do. She couldn't even find the werewitch or any of the shifters without Dee and Mara. It only made sense.

She turned and kept walking, trusting that she would find something to guide her. She'd explored the territory back here many times when she was young, had made a lean-to in every part of the forest, but nothing looked familiar.

Hours passed. Her mouth was dry with thirst; she was going to overheat if she didn't drink soon. From all her walking, she must be closer to her grandmother's house She wondered if it was because the trees grew or because she'd grown up herself that she didn't recognize anything.

It was pure luck, then, when she heard a soft hiss and made her way toward it. The trees opened up across a stream of water, maybe the same one that went past her grandmother's house, but this one didn't look familiar either. Regardless, it was water, and she was grateful. She bent and drank, cupping her hand to her mouth. The water was icy cold, and she gulped it until she was no longer thirsty.

With her thirst slaked, the hunger in her stomach came back with a vengeance. Ignoring the rumbling of her stomach, she began to jog downstream as fast as she could manage along the stream bank. At least she knew she was going the right way now, and she would end up at Dee's house. She would tell Damien what had happened. And Jordan and Kyle would go and find Dee, and save her. Yes, it would work. She just had to keep going.

She stopped twice more to drink, hoping that she would reach the house before sundown. Her legs ached sorely from two full days of journeying, and her breath came harder and harder. It seemed that she had been running forever. She bent once more to drink, and when she stood up, she stumbled back dizzily.

Her stomach rolled again as it had the day before, and she fell down on her hands and knees. This time she was not able to hold it back and vomited, retching until only air came from her guts. When she finally thought she was finished, she sat up. Her hands were trembling.

This was wrong. This was all wrong. The water was bad, maybe. Maybe the water had made her sick. But this was not the right part of the forest. Had they gone over a crest? She felt as though this was the wrong side of the mountain, the growth around her denser.

She got up and struggled on. The sun was overhead but the forest was so dense that the light only came in through the crossed branches. Sometimes she was forced to walk in the stream because the forest on either side blocked her way. It was hard to get through now without running into branches, and when she did walk along the bank, spiderwebs caught in her hair. She was thirsty but feared to drink.

The water.

She couldn't stay here. She had to go upstream. But she'd already spent a day walking this direction. By the time she got a safe distance back, she ... well, she wouldn't. She would collapse well before then, Julia was sure of it. And upstream was a hard climb. Downstream-she had no idea what was this direction. Maybe the house, maybe not. She knew only that she had to keep going. The sun faded; the day gave way to darkness, and still she walked.

As she walked, she sang the rhyme Dee used to sing to her when she was a little girl:

Keep on, keep on moving; the last wind, it's-a blowing,

The moonlight now is showing you the way.

Keep kind, my dear, for kindness is the salve to all your troubles,

The brook that bubbles past you won't obey.

Her head spun. Her whole body ached-from hunger, from exertion. She walked on, up the middle of the stream, and the water rushed past her at her feet. If she watched the current, she had the odd sensation that she was moving backwards. It was night now, and she could not tell how long she had been going, one foot in front of the other.

There, ahead. There was light. She saw the stream meet up with another, and the stream was not one stream but three, and all three spurted out of a spring in the ground. But she'd been going downstream ...

The banks opened up, and so did the trees: moonlight streamed through to light up the fountain of water from which the streams flowed. Julia walked alongside the stream and tried to understand its motion. She watched the stream, but could not tell where the water stopped moving down and started moving up. It was all very strange and Julia wondered if she would die soon. Or if she were dreaming. Either way, it wouldn't hurt to drink. She was so thirsty, after all ...

Julia bent down to the side of the stream near a pool of water, but before she could reach her cupped hand in, she gasped. A wolf's reflection stared back at her from the pool of water, and she scrambled backward, falling and kicking out her feet. Her gaze met the gaze of the large white wolf standing on the other side of the stream.

At first she thought it was Dee, but then Julia realized that the eyes of the wolf were not white and black, as Dee's were, but a bright red. Glowing red, like embers in a dying fire.

Julia held her breath, waiting for the wolf to spring across the small stream and attack. The wolf walked forward and turned into its human form, becoming slim as she stepped across the stream. She shifted, her body not twisting as Damien's had, but pouring itself into a different shape so fluidly that Julia did not know what was happening until she saw the shifter stand up in human form, her hair in white knotted braids hanging down to her toes. She was young, maybe ten years old. So young.

"You're ... "

"A wolf? A human? Both at once?" Her voice was even younger than her face, still androgynous.

Julia gulped.

"What is this place?"

"This is my home. You came to see me?" the child said.

"No, I'm here ... Julia's voice trailed off. It couldn't be, and yet it was. The girl in front of her tilted her head and winked. Her hand moved in the air across her face and Julia saw for a split second a wizened old face, wrinkled and spotted. Then the old woman's face disappeared, and the girl in front of her laughed.

"Don't worry, wolf child. You are in the right place here."

"What is ... here?" Julia motioned to the streams, where the moonlight twinkled through the water. "Is this all an illusion?"

"This place? Yes, an illusion. No more illusion than the rest of the world, though. Have you seen through it yet?"

"I-I-" Julia stammered, not knowing how to respond.

"What do you want from me?" The girl's quick words made Julia snap to attention.

What did she want? Julia opened her mouth but all of her carefully planned words failed her. Was this truly the werewitch that had hypnotized her as a child? Was she being hypnotized now?

"Ah, yes," the girl said. "The suppression I placed on you. You want the charm lifted?"

"Yes."

"I cannot do that," the girl said.

She bowed slightly and began to walk away.

Shocked still for only a moment, Julia tripped over her feet following.

"Wait. Wait!"

The girl shifter, the werewitch, turned to face Julia.

"You did this to me," Julia said.

"Suppressed your shifter form? Yes."

"Then undo it."

"It is not that simple," the girl said, frowning.

"I don't care how hard it is. I need to be able to shift again."

"Need? Tell me of your need," the girl hissed, waving one arm in a sweeping circle that enveloped the entire forest. "Wolves are dying all around here and you speak of needs."

Julia knelt in front of her.

"Please," she said. "Please." She began to cry. "I want to be able to have a child with Damien. I want to be able to understand him the way he understands me. I want to be able to shift."

The child lifted a hand and placed it on Julia's forehead. Julia felt a shock that seemed to knock her backwards, but her body was perfectly still. The shock ran through her mind and everything went white for a second, blindingly white.

Then the scent of wolves in her nose, the cold forest floor under her feet. Icy, even. The cold air bit her nose. Wolves tumbled across her vision, young pups. She ran and jumped and was there, among them, a wolf herself, tumbling and playing and-

Julia opened her eyes, gasping for air.

"Yes," the child said. "You can shift. You always could."

"I can't," Julia said, breathing air that was not the same as the air she'd known as a wolf. The scents! "I can't."

"Then you haven't wanted it badly enough," the werewitch said.

"That's not ... that's not true ... " Julia said. A sob escaped her chest.

The child leaned forward and kissed Julia on the forehead. Julia looked up at her, and she smiled beatifically.

"There is food by the streams," the child said, motioning. Julia turned her head and saw a piece of slate with something on it that was steaming hot. "Eat what you can. Drink. There is a den nearby where they have taken your friend."

"My friend?"

"The other girl of your pack. Mara, I think they called her as they went past?"

"What about my grandmother?" Julia asked. "What about Dee?"

The child shook her head.

"There was only one."

"Only one," Julia repeated. The words rang hollowly through her body. But maybe they'd just taken her to another place. Maybe they'd split up-

"Where is the den?" Julia asked.

The child lifted her hand to point toward the trees. The firs seemed to draw back their branches, and Julia could see across the valley to where a thin curl of smoke lifted from a place between the boulders. It was not too far away-an hour's walk, perhaps. Julia had already come so far, but now she felt hopeless. Perhaps it would be better to go home first, and ask Damien what to do. Yes, and then the pack would come, and help find Dee, and help free Mara. What could Julia do, all by herself? And Dee-oh, Dee!

"How do I-" Julia meant to ask for the way home, but when she turned back the werewitch was gone, disappeared into thin air. Only a thin mist hung in the air where she had gone, and that too soon evaporated into the wind.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Damien

"Jordan, you'll take the others tomorrow morning," Damien said. "All of them."

"Dee? I don't know if she'll be able to keep up."

"It's her granddaughter. She'll be able to keep up. She's agile enough to dodge the fight, if it comes to that."

"Are we tracking Mara or Julia?" Jordan asked.

Damien knew what his friend was asking.

"Track Julia as far as you can," he said. "Dee said she lost the trail, though." The prospect of finding Julia if Dee couldn't ... well, it looked grim.

"And if the tracks split?" Jordan asked.

"Send Katherine and Kyle to track Mara as far as they can. If they find her and there are too many to fight against, they can double back and rejoin the group."

"What if the shifters are purebred?" Jordan sounded worried. Neither Kyle or Katherine would be able to sense the presence of purebred shifters in human form.

"Dee said they weren't."

"But there could be others."

"That's a chance we'll have to take." Damien could see no other way around it.

"I'll start packing," Jordan said. "We have eight hours or so before we can leave. I'll tell the others to try and get as much rest as possible."

"First, though, you have to splint my leg."

"You don't mean-"

"If I start now, I may be able to reach Trax's territory at the same time as you."

"Your leg has barely healed, Damien."

"That's why I need a head start."

"You'll be limping all the way there. You'd be useless in a fight. Damien, I understand that you're worried. But this ... "

"She's my mate, Jordan. You'd do the same for me."

Jordan was silent for a moment.

"Alright," he said finally. "Be careful. Don't go too far into the territory without us."

"Are you kidding?" Damien said, a false note of joviality in his voice. "I plan to rescue both of them before you guys even arrive."

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Julia

She would find Mara soon. In her heart, she knew what she had to do. The witch had shown her the path, and all she had to do was follow it.

The sky darkened to a deep gray. There was no more sky above Julia's head and as she moved step by step through the forest, the rain started. She was cold but the chill did not reach her core. Or perhaps she was too numb to know her own sensations. The rain misted through the pine needles, and the water that clung to the firs gathered weight and fell in fat drops down, down to the already damp forest floor.

Julia lifted her head and let the water wash over her. She took off her jacket. The fabric had soaked through, and the weight of it was unbearably heavy. She walked forward as if her feet were guided by some unknown force, a current that flowed directly to the den where Mara was being kept. It wasn't long before she'd reached the den where Mara was being held. As she drew closer, she could see Mara just outside the entrance of the den. Her arms were tied above her head with chains that were staked to the side of the boulders. There was an iron collar around her neck. Her head hung forward. Julia did not know if she were alive or dead. The rain dripped down and Julia moved forward.

There were two wolves in wait outside of the den. One with a black coat, one gray. That meant two more of them inside, perhaps more. The fire near the den had been extinguished by the rain, and only a thin line of smoke rose from the ashes.

They'd smelled her from far away, and now as she slipped down the path of pine needles, they stood and watched her. Their eyes did not look surprised, nor afraid. They seemed curious that Julia would come back at all, that she'd found her way to the den.

Julia walked toward them, her hand resting casually on the sheath that housed the wolfbone blade. Her fingers sought out the handle, closing around it as she approached.

One of the wolves strode forward and growled. The bass rumble of its voice made Julia's fingers tighten around the handle of the knife. Would it leap?

No. The shifter transformed instead, right in front of her, his bones sliding gravelly under the skin, the fur disappearing as though the rain were washing it off. He stood twenty feet from Julia, shoulders square, nak*d and strong, every muscle slick with rain. Strands of long hair fell over his eyes, and drops of water splashed from them onto the wet ground.

"I knew there was a human in the area," he said. "I smelled you last night."

"Where is Dee?" Julia expected her voice to come out trembling, but instead she spoke loudly, confidently. There was something else driving her.

The other wolf came forward and stood just next to the shifter who had already transformed. The wolf's jaws hung open, its teeth showing. His fur bristled, sending waterdrops flying.

"Are they your friends?" The shifter cocked his head. "You should not have come looking for them."

"They are my friends," Julia said. "I had to."

"What a waste," the shifter said, and his voice was a growl that sent shivers across Julia's nerves.

"A waste?" Julia thought of Dee. Had she already been killed? Had Mara? No. Mara's chest rose and fell shallowly, although she did not pick up her head to look at Julia. Perhaps she had been drugged.

"A waste of human flesh. We already ate today, but now we'll have to kill you. He wanted to find you and kill you yesterday," he said, nodding down to the wolf beside him. "I convinced him it wasn't worth our time. And now, look. A waste." A thunderclap overhead punctuated the word, and the rain fell harder.

"Why?" Julia's mouth was dry. "Just let them go, and we'll leave in peace."

A flash of lightning illuminated the shifter's smile as it disappeared from his face. The air was growing even darker, the clouds above their heads black and full with rain.

"Peace? Your friend is a traitor."

"Mara?" Julia saw less and less as the darkness grew close around them. It worried her.

"She betrayed Trax. She betrayed the pack. She will suffer for it. Leave in peace? She will never be allowed to leave again. And you ... "

He took a step forward and Julia's fingers tightened on the blade handle. It was wet-everything was wet-and she wondered if she would be able to hold onto the knife.

"I will fight for her," Julia said.

"Then you will die all the more quickly, girl," the shifter said. He shifted back to wolf form. In the rain, he seemed to be melting. His body twisted down into a wolf's form, his arms growing claws before falling forward. The other wolf barked, and he barked as well, the sound ringing off of the rocks and echoing through the trunks of the trees around them, distorted by the falling rain. Lightning flashed and the thunderclap overhead boomed almost instantly, resonating through Julia's body.

Two more wolves emerged from the den, called by the barking. Their eyes flamed with hungry anticipation. Julia shifted back as they edged outward, moving around Julia in a loose semicircle. Julia's eyes still met the first shifter's, even as she focused part of her attention on the other wolves now surrounding her. They snarled and snapped their jaws, trying to frighten her. It did not work. Julia had already accepted death, and now she was going to save Mara, no matter what. She would not give up. She had a pack, and she would protect them.

"I am a woman, not a girl," Julia said. Something inside of her curled up in anger, giving her voice an alien power. "And I will not die quickly."

The wolves crouched together in instinctive synchrony, their hind legs tensing to leap. Time seemed to slow as the first wolf moved, its claws reaching out toward Julia as it jumped high in the air. The other wolves leapt a split second later.

Julia pulled the wolfbone blade out of its sheath and fell, rolling toward the first wolf. The cold, the rain, all of it seemed to disappear. Julia felt a hard beating in her ears. The lightning flashed just as she rolled underneath the wolf. She brought the knife up without knowing what she was striking at. The blade sunk into the wolf's belly as it fell down upon her, and she felt the jolt of the impact through her arm. The rip of the blade through flesh was drowned out by the howl of anguish from the wolf on top of her, and the other wolves started back at the curdling noise. He twisted, his jaws snapping, and Julia blocked his motions with her free arm as the knife twisted deeper. She knew now where she had struck, and she wrenched the blade upward with a thrust that she knew would strike his heart.

She did not know what instinctual urge moved her to action, but as the wolf's limp body fell atop her, the smell of blood in her nose made her body quick with adrenaline. She pushed aside the heavy weight as though it was nothing, her arm withdrawing the blade from the dark fur. She pushed herself up, her body crouched and ready, the blade held upright in front of her face. She could fight. She must fight. The other wolves sensed her confidence and whined, circling around her in ever-tightening circles. Thunder sounded overhead.

The next wolf to leap at her was smaller, and she ducked aside, his claws only barely scraping her arm. Without pause, she turned back to the third wolf and caught him as he jumped at her, her arm hooking around his neck. They rolled, the wolf trying to get her off of his back, but she clung fast, stabbing at the side of the wolf's neck with the blade. The smell of the wolf, the smell of the fight, all of this invaded her senses as they rolled across the forest floor in flashes of lightning. The wolf twisted and almost threw her, but she dug her fingers into the scruff and held on. Finally, there! The blade cut deep, slicing through the wolf's throat.

"Ahh!" Julia fell backwards, the blood from the wolf spurting over her in a hot gush. Blood covered the entire front of her body as she scrambled back. Something inside of her had been hurt, something injured-she felt the pain striking through her body from within. It was a fast beating that thudded in her ears. Was it the rain?

"AHH!" she screamed. There was a pounding through her body, a pain that twisted every part of her. She swung the blade in front of her, trying to keep the wolves back, but something else was keeping them away. They snarled and whined as though not sure whether to attack. If she died now, it would all be for nothing. She would never see Damien again-

Damien. His presence came to her then, all around her, as though he was there with her, holding her up. Energy flooded her body, and the strange beating in her ears grew louder, but the pain was gone. In its place was pure fury.

Julia threw herself forward and struck with the blade as one of the remaining wolves reared back. Her arm sliced the air, and the blade sliced through the wolf's chest, catching at the leg. He collapsed with a low, mortal whine. The other wolf jumped at her and snapped, and her blade fell to the ground as he hit her body and sent her tumbling to the ground. He had not caught her, but now as he faced her, she knew she was defenseless.

He prepared to leap, crouching deep.

Julia screamed as the pounding came through her body, not in pain, no, this was a feeling that was too intense. This was an icy burn that left her numb, a feeling that shot through her body and made her feel inhumanly strong and weak at the same time.

Damien, Damien.

Julia, I am coming.

Her nerves burned at every end and she lifted her arms in the air, her world spinning around her. Lightning lit the world and left it in darkness, and she saw in the after flash the wolf in front of her, his eyes darting from side to side, his leap forgotten. Then she screamed again as she saw her hands curl, claws growing through her skin. Her skin. In the lightning she saw it turn red, fiery red, and she thought she was burning up until she realized that it was fur, red fur pushing its way through every pore in her body. The world's sounds grew louder and she heard thunderclaps roll through her mind from across the valley, each one distinct and louder than the other.

Her world grew dark; her other senses blinded her. She heard the sound of an owl screeching before it swept down to the forest floor, and she heard the squeal of the mouse as talons punctured its body. She smelled the wolf, and blood, and she smelled her pack, and Damien, and Dee-oh, was she dying? Would she meet Dee on the other side of this darkness?

Her scream turned into a howl; her body twisted and fell forward, and she caught herself upright. The pounding coming from inside of her still beat in her ears, but when she opened her mouth, she snarled.

She was a wolf.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Damien

Damien scented her from far away; he wished that he could move faster. The day was breaking-he could feel the mottled sunlight on his coat-and there was no sign of Jordan or the pack yet. He could not read Julia's emotions from this far away, and he ached to sense whether or not she was safe. The rain dampened the scent.

In wolf form, he moved quickly, but not as quickly as he would like. One leg splinted back, he ran with a terrible limp, but he pushed himself to go faster and faster. The wet ground below him flew past, and now that he had scented Julia, he could run without pause to check the trail. He yipped to sense the clear path, and never stumbled, not even when he ran across branches on the ground. As though by magic, the woods seemed to open up in front of him without effort. The rain grew heavier, and the sunlight faded, but still he ran on.

Julia's scent had grown fainter and fainter as he moved into Trax's territory, but now it seemed as though there was a straight path between him and Julia, and he ran without thought of what he would do when he arrived. It would take him twenty minutes to reach her, maybe less. His legs were aching but he did not care. Julia was there. Julia!

He crested the hill and there was her scent, stronger than ever. Rain pelted his coat, but now he moved faster, faster.

He could sense her emotions all at once; they struck him as they never had before, in full force. He stopped in his tracks, his mind reeling. Flashes of light raced across his blank vision and he saw-saw!-a knife moving, a wolf's jaws snapping toward him. He reared back on his haunches to ward off the attack, fear rushing through his body.

The vision faded. It hadn't been real, it hadn't. His heart beat fast. It was Julia, he was sure of it.

"Julia," he whispered, "I'm coming."

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Julia

Julia raised her snout and sniffed, the world spinning around her with all of her new senses. The wolf in front of her whimpered, backing up toward the treeline. Before she could do anything, it leapt back into the pines and sprinted away, its coat a gray blur amidst the tree trunks. There were no other wolves from that pack here. But her pack-yes, her pack-they were here. They were all near. She lifted her head and howled, the sound rising up and echoing across the valley.

Jordan emerged from the wood a moment later, then the rest of the pack. And Dee. Dee! Julia yipped with happiness to see her grandmother.

The pack scattered. Jordan ran over to Mara, shifting to be able to unchain her. The rest of the wolves came to Julia, their eyes wide. Kyle looked off to where the other pack's wolf had gone, making sure there was no other danger.

Dee nuzzled Julia's neck with her snout, and a peaceful feeling swept through Julia's body. The pack was there. Everything was alright. Mara, too, Mara would be fine. She was strong, and she was safe, and-oh! A rush of happiness swept through the air like music, and she did not know whether it was scent or sound or something else, but it was wonderful all the same.

Julia's heart was still racing, and the pounding in her ears, and all of the world's scents whirling through her still.

But Damien ... Damien ...

Julia. I am here.

She sensed him and turned, and the rest of the pack sat and watched as she leapt across the clearing in joy, yipping like a pup. And the connection between them-

Julia had not known what Damien felt before when he told her that they were connected. Now she did, and she marveled at the intensity of the emotions that emanated from Damien, tangling with her own emotions. A wave of relief and love surged through her, and she knew that it was him, and that he was with her.

Julia, Julia, my love. My mate.

She pressed her neck against his, sending her love back to him, wanting nothing more than to be with him right now, now and forever.

Damien, I am safe. I am with you. I am-

Julia froze then, breathless. Her heart had slowed, and the scents of the world had coalesced into an image of reality that she could understand. But the pounding in her, the pounding was still there, and she suddenly realized, with a swell of joy and awe, what it was that she sensed inside of herself.

Damien.

I am pregnant.

THE END

