The night was falling quickly, but that was no deterrent to the tourists who flocked to New York City to see the sights and sounds of the Big Apple: The Empire State Building, Central Park, the Statue of Liberty and Times Square.

It was in Times Square where he stood, scanning the crowd. His eyes surveyed the spindly wrought iron tables sitting in the middle of what had once been a street, and the people who had draped themselves over the chairs parked at those tables, his eyes narrowing in contempt at the sight of lattes and iced cappuccinos. He liked his coffee the old fashioned way: black and steaming hot, served in a thick white ceramic mug that had stains on the rim and along the bottom. He had killed a woman once simply because she had left a thick red lip imprint on his favorite coffee cup, an act he now found ironic, all things considered.

A group of young women decked out in blue jean shorts, tank tops that clung to their concave bellies and high-heeled sandals, darted past, chattering excitedly while shopping bags swung from their hands. A group of German tourists stood in the center of the Square, craning their necks at the glittering cascades of neon and the buildings that pointed their heads up at the sky. One of them asked, in somber tones, where the hookers and drug dealers were, and while a few people within earshot laughed, he did not. He missed the Times Square of yesterday, the dangerous and seedy little section of town that had once been the pinnacle of all things reckless and free. In his opinion, the new and shiny Times Square with its pretension and bland smugness was no match for the one it had so easily replaced.

The Lion King advertisement incited squeals from a group of passerby's, as did the appearance of some soon-to-be-forgotten pop star from the back entrance of one of the stone-laced buildings. He often wondered why the tourists didn't just stay in their rooms and watch television, after all, they seemed more caught up in the digitalized images than they were the actual physicality of the place they stood in.

"The Creeper."

The words caused him to instantly freeze in place, his hand tilted slightly toward the pack of cigarettes in his front pocket. He let his hand fall, a look of practiced chagrin appearing on his features, to anyone watching they would have assumed he was simply remembering that he could not smoke the cigarette in the place where he stood. His senses alight he carefully angled his head just a tiny bit to the left in order to hear the conversation taking place behind him.

"The bastard has killed five women already," a young man grumbled. He held a portable tablet to his chest, a kind of mobile device that allowed him to connect to the Internet. He read from it slow and carefully, and the man he was reading about felt some amusement rising up inside of him as he heard himself described as a complete and total sociopath.

There was nothing further from the truth, he thought as he left the Square and ambled down a back alley, hoping to find the woman he had been watching for several days now. She often disappeared on the side streets, she was quick and elusive, which was why he wanted her so very badly. He was sure she had no idea she was being watched, she simply practiced the self-defense procedures she taught in her nightly classes: alternating her routes, never going to a place more than one or two times a week and then at differing times. It amused him that she was so incredibly hard to catch, in his obsessive game of cat and mouse, but there was no doubt in his mind - he would catch her eventually.

"Sociopath," he muttered. "Sociopaths have no feelings. I have a lot of them."

He tapped a cigarette out of the crumpled pack and lit it, inhaling its rich acrid odor deeply into his lungs.

From a narrow doorway a young woman wearing a soft pink dress and fashionable heels appeared. Her burnished copper hair should have looked ludicrous against the pink hues, but it didn't. She moved with a willowy grace and a calm confidence and he smiled. He had just found her home.

He walked up behind her; but she sensed danger just a fraction too late.

"Hello, Mary Grace," he whispered as his hand came down to grip her shoulder.

***

"Now stop that Sassy!" Sophie gently scolded the white and brown Shih Tzu she had rescued from a shelter a few weeks before. She had been horrified by the fact that shelter did not have a no-kill policy in place and that the tiny little dog was about to be put to its death in a matter of hours. She had not really been able to afford the recue fees but she had paid them anyway and when the cage had opened the feisty little bundle of hair had jumped into her arms, wagging her long curly tail with so much enthusiasm that Sophie had had to laugh.

She had understood exactly how Sassy had felt, she had felt pretty much the same way the day she had been able to walk into the foster home that she had hated so much, stuff all of her clothes together in a duffel and walk back out. Her eighteenth birthday present had been freedom from a cage, and she had had to give that gift to herself. Being able to free Sassy had allowed her to put some, if not all of her bitterness to rest.

Sassy gave her a long stare from her brown eyes and Sophie laughed, "I know what you want you greedy little darling."

She bustled around the large and drafty apartment, skirting boxes and a pile of pots and pans. She hummed as she moved, and kept up a running stream of chatter as well. Sassy barked occasionally, or whined, as if she were answering back. Sophie didn't think of that as odd, she had been incredibly lonely before Sassy had come along and talking to the dog had developed naturally from that.

The white foam container opened to reveal rich brown gravy and sauteed onions over wooly looking meat patties. The diner she worked in threw away all of the food that went uneaten from their daily specials and the cook, who had a daughter of his own, politely turned his back when Sophie filled the to-go boxes with enough food for her and Sassy every night before she left even though the rules clearly stated the food was to be tossed out, not given to employees. The dishwasher always took a share of it as well, as did the other nighttime waitress. Sophie used to worry she would get caught and fired but the owner and manager never seemed interested in coming in where the real work was done, preferring to spend time in the tiny office or at the bar, drinking red wine and talking business.

Mashed potatoes filled a smaller container, plump golden corn filled another. Banana pudding and yeast rolls rounded it out. Sophie placed a Salisbury steak patty onto plate for Sophie, quickly cut it into bite sized pieces and added a handful of her dried dog food to the dish, pouring extra gravy on top as a treat.

"Two more days, Sassy," she sighed, as she sat in the recliner with the busted springs and the squeaky headrest. "We will be leaving here in just two more days. Goodbye diner job, goodbye memories, I am blowing this town."

Sassy looked up from her plate and Sophie laughed at the blot of gravy on her nose. "You need a napkin," she said and Sassy's tongue swiped out, licking the gravy away neatly. "Or maybe not. This is better than last week, I think he used red pepper and didn't cook them so long."

Her eyes fell on the picture of her and Susan together and the old familiar lump rose up in her throat. They had gone through foster care together, had been each other's defenders and friends and had known exactly what darkness had lurked beneath the surfaces of their lives and who had been responsible for most of those shadows.

Sophie and Susan had both worked all through high school to make sure they had money for an apartment and when the time came, they got one. Sophie smiled as she remembered the day when they had finally claimed freedom. She had walked up to the door of the foster home ready to collect her friend, when Susan had come flying out, her red hair gleaming brightly under the sun and hectic spots of color in her normally pale cheeks.

"Today our lives begin!" She had screamed and the two of them had run up the sidewalk, giggling, carrying Susan's one small suitcase and record player.

Sophie set her plate aside, her appetite gone. Sassy whined up at her and she reached out her arms, the signal that it was okay for the dog to jump on the chair and join her. Burying her face in Sassy's long silky hair she closed her eyes and tried to stop the tears but they fell anyway.

She had finally gotten to dealing with Susan's things. Some of her stuff had been so old or destroyed it had to be tossed, the drugs that had ensnared Susan had not been kind and she had let herself go. Her clothes frequently stunk and her body had become so emaciated that she had sewn the waistbands of her jeans to keep them up, making big puffy and ludicrous pockets there. Her shirts all had sweat stains under the arms because her**n addicts liked to keep the oils in their skin, if they bathed they didn't get or stay as high.

Sophie did not want to remember all the nights she had come home to find Sophie on the floor with money scattered around her and her eyes at half-mast, the needle still in her arm. She had worked at a series of strip clubs, each seedier than the last, until she had hit rock bottom, then she had sold herself on the street for months at a time, coming home only when she was too broke or sick to make it on the streets anymore.

Six months before Susan had committed suicide. She had gone to the home of their former foster parents and shot herself on their doorstep. Wracking grief ate into Sophie as her eyes fell on the record player and the hundred and seventeen records that had been Susan's pride and joy as they had been her only link to her birth parents. Unlike Sophie, who had wound up in foster as a twelve-year-old child, Susan had been abandoned at the age of seven by her aunt, who had been unable or unwilling to tell the authorities where the girl's birth parents were. Susan had nothing except the records, not even a photograph. She had been too old for most people who were looking to adopt and so she had begun the rounds of orphanages and placements that had eventually landed her in a room with Sophie at the house they often grimly referred to as the Casa De Blighted Sunshine.

Sophie forced that thought away. She wiped her eyes and reached for the money she had earned that day and counted it. Seventy-four dollars and sixty two cents. "I'm leaving this place, Susan," she said out loud but there was no answer.

There was twelve thousand dollars sitting in her bank account. She had been saving for years, hoping to go to college at some point, but not all of the money was hers. The day she had committed suicide Susan had stopped off at the apartment first and left a note, it read:

Don't worry about where this came from: only think about where it can take you. You always wanted to go to New York City, to be out of this town and away from all the memories, leave me here too. Leave me with all the other stuff and don't you dare look back. Let them burn me and take my ashes and scatter them out at the lake. That is all I want really, just to be forever out on the lake. I love you; now go get yourself a life so big that when you finally do die you will have a lot to tell me about. I'm not sorry I'm doing this and I won't say I am. I'm tired. I'm just so very tired. -Love you Sophie Blue, always, Suzie Q

She had left her five thousand dollars in cash. Sophie had read the note and run for the front door, her eyes wide with shock. When she got home much later that night she was stunned to find that the money was still there, still real, and she had wept for hours, her tears soaking into the crumpled bills.

Leona Jackson had fainted when Susan fired the gun. Later she told police she was sure the bullet had been meant for her although she had refrained from telling them the reason why she had feared her foster daughter wanted to kill her. Sophie had sat silent in the cop car, her heart aching and tears running down her face. She had gone straight to the house after finding the note but she had been too late. Her only consolation was that Susan had done it when the neighbors had been having a big party, Leona could not hide the girl's body, though Sophie had no doubts she would have if she had the opportunity. Lord knew she had been hiding her husband's sins for years, even as she sang in the choir while he preached every Sunday.

Some Sundays, sitting in the pews looking up at the two of them, Sophie had felt a murderous rage in her heart. She had not been the only one. They had rebelled by stealing: their clothes were few because they were not allowed more than those; they were required to know humility and to understand earthly goods were just that. That didn't stop the Jackson's from cashing the checks the foster system gave them every month and paying the payments on their Cadillac however, just one of their many hypocrisies.

They stole candy and sodas and small trinkets: hair bows and pretty bracelets they kept in their desks at school. As they got older they stole makeup and cigarettes. They stole beer and a car. The Jackson's had beaten them bloody the night they had had to be bailed out of the Youth Detention Center over that escapade. As they had lain in bed Susan had sobbed that she wished they had just left her in there and Sophie had held her, wishing the same thing.

"You're safe now," Sophie said into Sassy's hair. The little dog wagged her tail and gave a little sigh that could have been agreement.

Ten thousand dollars, the goal was closer than ever and she could feel hope starting up in her belly. It had been so long since she had felt it she was almost afraid of it. The apartment in the city was rented, she had a lot of job prospects and her record was finally clean. The last arrest she had gotten had happened two days after her eighteenth birthday, she had punched a guy who had grabbed her ass at the diner and he had pressed charges. Coupled with her lack of higher education and lack of skills that had been the final blow to her being able to get a better paying job.

"We can do anything we set our minds to," she said to the warm lump on her lap, "And we are going to be happy."

***

Kane paced the apartment, making sure not to step inside of the taped off spaces. The place was big for the city, at least a thousand square feet. It had a good view of exactly nothing except the building across the alley but the kitchen was full sized, another rarity in Manhattan, and decked out with quality chrome appliances. The refrigerator alone would have been worth a half month of his salary. Copper-bottomed pots and pans hung above the added-in island that did double duty as a breakfast bar.

The walls throughout had good, if not incredibly expensive paintings, the sofa and ottoman were leather and the bed was a tall oak number covered in designer sheets with a thread count numbering in the high hundreds.

"She had good taste," Lynette Pierce, the Coroner said as she watched him prowl. "She was a model you say?"

Lynette pointed to a large framed print that hung on the bedroom wall. The woman in it was sultry, sulky. Her black hair hung over one incredibly green eye and her mouth was a vivid scarlet flash against the monochrome black and white. It was the face of someone living, not the battered remains of the women in the bathtub.

"Julia Storm, rising star. " Lynette said softly, "He likes them young and beautiful."

"Why do you think he takes their heads?"

"Trophies I suppose, "Kane replied.

Blake Forrester, his partner, gnawed on his toothpick and grunted out something that was too low for Kane to hear, or care about. If Blake ever got a single idea in his head he had yet to share it with the rest of the force. He had been a good cop once, or so the story went, but for the last five years he had just been watching the clock and marking time toward his retirement. Kane had never known the man before he went lazy, and he didn't want to know him right then either, being partnered to him was like dragging a corpse around.

That analogy made him wince and he turned away, only to come face-to- face with the green eyed beauty again.

"I wonder how they got just her eyes and lips to show in color."

Of all the things to wonder about at a murder scene, Kane thought. Nobody answered Blake's question and he whistled as he leaned against the doorframe, his suit jacket flopping open to reveal a pudgy waist hanging over the top of his worn shiny slacks. A mustard stain marred his light blue shirt and his gun looked like it had gotten glued into his holster. Kane doubted that would be an issue, Forrester would likely drop dead of a heart attack if he tried to chase down a felon and he was too cowardly to put himself in the line of any kind of fire.

"She's ready for transport." Lynette said softly.

Kane gave her a smile; he appreciated her calm demeanor and her sympathy for the people who came into her life. She never referred to them as "the vics" or worse, "the stiffs" like some did.

"Good, I'm f**king starving, let's get some lunch."

"Do you think it's possible he has a heart below the surface?" Lynette asked, wincing.

"I doubt it," Kane replied, watching Forrester's rapidly disappearing back, "I think his heart left the job years ago."

***

Sophie walked into the small bookstore with a determined smile, and her completed application. She peered into the gloom, looking for the desk, which seemed to have been moved from the place it had occupied before. Closer inspection revealed it had simply been buried under books.

"Hello?" She called nervously, "Anyone here?"

A frizzled mess of solid white curls surrounding an oddly cherubic and yet dour face popped out from behind a long shelf. "Depends on what you want."

"I brought the application back."

The man stalked toward her and she had to suppress a giggle, his body was incredibly long and so thin he looked as if he had a terminal case of tapeworm. His malicious elven face seemed even more incongruous atop that frame. Dust motes buzzed his head and he sneezed explosively.

"Damn dust!" He roared. "I just hit up a fabulous auction in the Berkshires. Got a lot of good books. And an armoire. The armoire's shit but some of the books are pretty good. Except for that entire collection of Barbara Cartland that I got. Those bastards tucked a few moldering paperbacks I actually enjoyed reading on the top and wouldn't let anyone dig through the box. Cost me fifteen dollars. If you say you like her I will fire you."

"You haven't hired me," Sophie pointed out.

"Well aren't you the stickler," he muttered as he pulled inch thick glasses over his light blue eyes and glared down at her application. "Nice penmanship."

"Thank you." Sophie wanted the job badly, there were very few people she liked on sight but she liked him. Besides, she was tired of working in diners and pubs, she had enough money to get by for a while as long as she was working and she could feel a warm feeling in her belly as he gave her another long look.

"Tell me, are you a model?"

"What? No."

"You could be, but not if you want to work here; ditto for actress, singer, band member, mime or any other variation of those things. I need someone who is going to work, period. There will be no running off for open cattle calls or getting calls from agents who just landed you an audition that will get you into the role you have been waiting for your whole life."

"I haven't been waiting for anything my whole life." Her voice held sincerity.

"Hmm, I see. What was the last book you read?"

"It was a collection of short stories by Eudora Welty, I just finished them last night."

"Death of a Traveling Salesman was always one of my favorites. You're hired. I'm Goeff Fisher; your pay is twelve bucks an hour, thirty hours a week. I can't go higher than that. I'm so g*y I make Liberace look straight so don't think your charms will get you a raise or even a day off that wasn't scheduled, unless it is an emergency. Are we clear?" She nodded. "Good, your first job is to do something with those damn Cartland novels."

"What do you need me to do with them?"

"I don't really care what you do with them, as long as I never have to see them again." He pointed to a dusty cardboard box and vanished once again, muttering something about forms needing to be filled out.

Sophie glanced out at her car, parked at the curb. She toted the box out and hurled it into her backseat, closed the door and dusted off her hands, grinning with satisfaction.

The warm spring air had brought green to the leaves of the trees that stood in the tiny park across the avenue. Pigeons by the hundreds pecked along the red bricks, gobbling down the crumbs from hot dogs and knishes. She stood there for a few moments, engrossed by the street scene and the way people ate as they walked, nonchalantly stuffing pretzels and other foods into their mouths with one hand, their other hand on their phones or holding shopping bags.

"Are you running away?" Geoff asked from the doorway. "Tell me now because these tax forms are an absolute bitch and if I don't have to bother I would rather not."

"Absolutely not." Sophie replied with a flash of a smile, and went back into the shop.

***

The eyes looked right past him, avoiding his stern gaze. He stood there nak*d, letting them all see him for what he was. A television droned in the background, its hazy dull light flickering between scenes, and he moved so that they could see the latest news report. Of course he was once again being featured. The Creeper.

The name made him laugh, bringing to mind a nineteen thirties villain. It was outlandish and yet it fit, he crept up on his victims. They never saw him coming until it was too late.

He stroked himself, feeling his organ swelling under his fingertips. The eyes now watched him and he began to work his hand faster, squeezing his groin fiercely. The doorbell suddenly rang, a strident squeal that instantly broke his concentration, interrupting his maddening desire to cli**x. His hand came away slightly sticky from pre ejaculation and he cursed.

The blue-eyes seemed to smirk at his predicament and he stopped himself just in time, his hands itched to rip those eyes right out of her head.

Buttoning his fly he left his trophy room, calling out to the person ringing his bell to hold on.

***

Kane leaned against the kitchen counter in his apartment, surveying the place with a critical eye. It was a one bedroom in the East Village, a third floor walkup. He had moved in after he had broken up with Janelle, his girlfriend of four years. That had been two years earlier, and he had never really bothered to unpack most of his things: cardboard boxes sat against the walls, his desk was cluttered with papers and photographs of crime scenes, the couch was a long lumpy thing that had come with the place and bore the stains of too many previous owners and the bed was not much better.

The kitchen and living room were essentially one large open space, the kitchen itself held a tiny dorm sized refrigerator, a small two burner stovetop, a coffee maker and a miniscule microwave, as he rarely cooked that did not bother him. He owned exactly one plate and two coffee cups.

For some reason he felt depressed at the sight of it. He caught sight of himself in the window pane: tall and well-built with wide shoulders and trim waist, long legs that were filled with muscles due to his love for running and flat abs that felt solid under his fingers. His black hair had a touch of gray at the temples, odd for a man who was barely over thirty, not so odd considering he was one of the youngest Homicide detectives in the city. His brown eyes had tiny thin lines around them; laugh lines that had had precious little reason to make an appearance lately. He turned away, dumping his coffee into the sink.

I need a release. The thought surfaced and refused to lie back down. He fought it; it had been years since he had visited any of the dungeons or clubs around the city. He had not had the time and what was more, he had not had the heart for it either. Janelle had been a wonderful submissive but they had simply not worked out, they had both been on the fast tracks in their careers and busy with so many other things that they had lost a lot of what had attracted them to each other in the first place. The breakup had been amicable and they still spoke on the rare occasion they ran into each other, but the fact that it had been amicable had not made it any less painful.

Outside his windows dark had fallen. From the street below he could hear noisy laughter and smell the food from the halal cart that set up almost directly beneath the windows. Restlessness tied his stomach into knots and he paced the small living room, making a circuit around the couch and desk. The vision of his favorite club came to mind, and lust made his prick twitch at the zipper of his black jeans. Swearing softly he turned on the television and was instantly bombarded with images of The Creeper's victims. He hit the off button on the remote and then tossed the remote onto the couch.

"I'll go for a run," he decided. "That should settle me down some."

Even as he pulled on his sweats, running shoes and a t-shirt, he knew that what he was really doing was trying to run away from himself, and that was one race he knew no man ever won.

***

Sassy had fallen in love with a particular section of Central Park. It was far enough away from Sophie's apartment that it meant she had to put Sophie in the little fabric tote she had bought at Goodwill and then carry her there and home because otherwise Sassy would have been too tired to play in the grass. Sophie didn't mind the long walk; it was about twenty minutes each way; in fact she enjoyed it because it took up long stretches of time she might not have been able to fill otherwise. Sassy liked to hang her head over the side of the tote and take in the view as well, Sophie had always been too afraid to let the small animal hang out the window of her car like other dogs did so she figured the tote gave Sassy a way to do that without danger.

Watching the happy little creature gambol about on the grass made her happy but she was aware that something was missing. Sitting on the red and blue blanket she had carried so that her pants would not get dirty she thought about her life, and the shape it was taking.

When she had been younger she had made friends easily, nothing in her experience had taught her that life could be cruel and she trusted most people right off the bat, especially authority figures. After the car crash that had killed her parents and her subsequent burial in the system, she had learned that life was not always about dinner on the table at six o'clock every night, that not all kids were nice to each other, that authority figures were often, if not downright petty and cruel, too busy to bother listening when she tried to ask for help and that nothing in life was fair.

Susan had been her only confidante throughout those years, she was unable to imagine telling anyone else what had happened to her, and with Susan words had been unnecessary. She had been there with her in that place and had shared those same experiences.

Looking at the people in the park Sophie became acutely aware of just how lonely she was. She talked to Geoff and customers at work but when she went home she had no one for company other than Sassy.

She raised her face to the sun, letting its strong rays soak away some of her sadness. It was late when they started back, and Sassy was restless. She kept moving in the tote, and barking at people who passed by. Sophie knew it was because they had stayed too late at the park and Sassy was hungry and irritated but it didn't make it any easier to hang onto her. At one point she leashed her and tried walking her to see if that would calm her down, it didn't so she put her back in the tote where she wriggled and yowled until they reached home.

She fed Sassy and immediately afterwards the canine curled up in her bed and went back to sleep. Sophie peeked into her almost bare cabinets, looking for some dinner for herself. Her kitchen was very small and so was her appetite so she had taken to buying food on a day-to-day basis. Her cabinet held a packet of Ramen noodles, a can of ravioli and a pound cake. The fridge had an overripe avocado, a cup of pudding from her lunch the day before and salad that had turned brown and limp.

Giving up she took her keys and purse and headed out into the darkness to buy food.

***

Kane had given in. In his bedroom he toweled his just showered body off and then dressed in black jeans, a black t-shirt and his boots. He didn't pack a bag for the club, telling himself that all he wanted to do was watch, he had not ever picked up anyone he didn't know for casual play and he didn't intend to do so then. He just needed to reconnect, to be around others like himself.

He headed out, walking down the darkening avenues, enjoying the smells of the city. He had grown up in Austerlitz and had always longed for the excitement of the city. He had never been sorry about the move; there was something about the pulse of life there, something so raw and vital that it called out to him.

A young woman with a shaven head and tight leather leggings strolled past him, her perfume making a sharp and momentary exclamation in the air. Traffic gnashed and slowed and the man at the stand selling roasted nuts waved a hand at him, bringing the smell of sticky honey and almonds his way.

Neon bounced and wavered, from the doorways of restaurants people called out to each other, yelled at taxis or simply let the warm and scented air out into the night. Men in business suits carried on conversations with each other and tourists stood gawking past the hot white lights blazing from the storefronts to the expensive merchandise within.

People drifted in huge shoals, and he let himself be carried along. His thoughts refused to coalesce and he didn't force them to, he just walked and enjoyed the city.

The club was inside a large warehouse that had been converted for its use over a decade before. The door was small, discreet, tucked into a wall. There were no visible signs that anything was going on in there. He rang the bell and waited.

***

Sophie had decided to treat herself so she had her dinner in a small and quiet Italian restaurant where the helpings were huge and the bill reasonable. She pushed her plate back, eyeing the scraped clean surface a bit regretfully. The vegetable lasagna had been bursting with flavors she had never had before: ricotta and zucchini and tarragon, the bread had been warm and crusty and the salad crisp and tasty. She drank the last of her coffee and paid her check, leaving a generous tip for her waitress, who smiled at her in thanks.

Out on the street she found herself confused. She had been walking a bit aimlessly, and the restaurant was not on a street she was familiar with. She went down a nearly deserted side street, came into a dead end and backtracked her way back to a major avenue that she knew.

She had turned down a smaller street and was nearing home when she saw him.

***

He had made the kill three hours before and he was weary and ready to go home. His trophy was stashed in the special insulated bag he carried and he walked out of the apartment building, his cap pulled low and his face pointed down. He knew where the two cameras were and he avoided them, but on the off chance someone saw him he had dressed to ensure that he was unremarkable: Baseball hat, dark jeans, dark shirt, no jacket. He deliberately wore the girdle that made him look slimmer and bent his knees so that he appeared an inch or two shorter than he was.

He stepped out onto the sidewalk and into a pile of dog shit someone had left behind. Anger swelled up and he cursed several times, his face turning red. He set the bag down so that he could scrape his shoe on the curb and his knee accidentally hit it. His latest trophy rolled out onto the sidewalk.

Sophie had stepped onto the square of sidewalk just as the heavy skull rolled onto it. She stared at it, her mind frozen at the incomprehensibility of the situation. The severed end revealed a clotted maroon and the eyes were rolled back up in the sockets. The grisly hunk of neck stopped at the toe of her right shoe.

"Halloween mask," was her first thought but when she looked up at the man standing there, his face turned toward her yet obscured by shadows and the bill of his hat, she knew better. His eyes had a glitter she had seen before: predatory.

She turned and ran, not stopping to think. She wore the tennis shoes she had worn to walk to the park and she had fear on her side, she did not dare look back, and she didn't need to, she could hear him running after her.

Ahead of her loomed another wider avenue. Lights streamed from buildings and taxis, she could hear people talking. For one long moment she thought she was trapped in some strange netherworld but then she was back on the avenue and running toward a door that was opening and a strong looking man who was stepping into it.

Kane stared as the gorgeous woman with the pale skin and long ebony hair burst into the club on his heels. Her brightly blue eyes held sheer terror and her quivering mouth, though devoid of lipstick, had a delightfully kissable coral hue.

Her body was long, lean and elegant and every inch of it was vibrating with the fear that was stamped on her features. The door swung shut behind them and the doorman asked, "Do you know her?"

The doorman was the same one who had been there during the years when Kane made a regular appearance. He started to shake his head in reply, but his instincts told him she was in trouble and that if he let her loose something terrible would happen to her.

"Well you are going to have to renew your membership and sign her in as a guest. That will cost you a hundred bucks, my man."

Sophie opened her mouth but nothing came out. The man she had run into seemed to find nothing odd about that, instead he patted her shoulder, an impartial bit of comforting.

She was too confused to make sense of anything. She kept waiting for the door to open and the man with the head in a bag to charge in. She looked around wildly for somewhere to hide, but there was only the small and cloyingly narrow hallway in which they stood, the walls painted jet black and the floors carpeted in heavy red. She felt dizzy and slightly nauseated. Her heartbeat was still way too high and sweat pooled under her hairline thanks to her impromptu run.

Kane asked her for her ID, she stared at him then dug around in her purse, showing her ID to the man behind the makeshift counter. The man took it, perused it and handed it and a shiny plastic card back to her. She simply tucked them into her purse without thinking. They were waved on and they moved into a smaller room, still dimly lit, but with couches and chairs scattered about. Kane went to the small alcove where snacks and beverages were provided and brought her back a bottle of water and a small chocolate wrapped in gold paper.

"So let's start with your name." He spoke in his calmest voice and it soothed her.

"I'm Sophie."

"I'm Kane. It looked like you were running from something."

"Yes," she replied in a shaky whisper. "This is going to sound crazy; I was running because there was...I thought... a head rolled into my feet."

Kane blinked. "What?"

"Oh, I know it sounds...See, I got lost...the head, it just rolled out of the sack and it landed on the sidewalk next to my feet."

She was babbling and her face was still white with shock. Kane unwrapped the candy and slid it between her lips, she bit down gracefully and the sugar hit her system, jolting her back to reality somewhat.

"That sounds crazy, right?"

"Did you see his face?" He asked.

"Uh, no, he wore a cap. It was likely a Halloween mask or something; it just scared the shit out of me."

"Have you heard of The Creeper?"

"No."

Her accent placed her as being from out of town. "Are you here visiting?"

"No, I moved here two weeks ago."

Kane felt his stomach tighten. He glanced down at the toes of her tennis shoes, wondering if the head she thought she had seen rolling into her shoe had left any evidence behind. "Can you tell me where this happened?"

"No," her face fell. "I was lost and then I ran...I'm sorry. You think I am a lunatic I'm sure. I should get home, my dog will be afraid if I'm gone too long."

His eyes went to her hands; no ring. She was alone. All alone and she may have very well spotted the Creeper. It was a long shot, but he had to take it.

Sophie became aware of the sounds that were echoing through the space suddenly. Her head jerked up and her eyes dilated, her nostrils flared like an animal that has scented danger. Muffled screams, the sound of flesh hitting flesh; it rose slightly above the music.

"What...what is that?" she asked in a quavering voice. Stark horror darkened her eyes as she asked the question.

She probably thinks she wandered into a building filled with killers, Kane thought.

"It's a party. This is a BDSM club. It is for people who are into bondage and kink."

That sunk in. She didn't look shocked by it even though she was obviously confused. "You mean like whips and chains and that sort of thing?"

"Yes, to a point. I need your shoe."

"What?"

Kane leaned very close to her ear. "I'm a cop. I'm working a case and I think you may have just seen something that can help."

She looked dazed, "You're here working a case?"

"No I'm here for personal reasons, or at least, I was. I need your shoe and I need to get you somewhere safe."

Fear shot into her belly. Her distrust of authority spiraled up, as did her realization that she was a criminal with a newly expunged record and a very precarious future.

She decided to play along but only so she could escape. Thinking quickly, she nearly spat out the words, "I need to use the bathroom."

"There are no windows."

She gaped at him. "What?"

"Trust me, okay?"

"I can't." The note of hysteria in her voice told him all he needed to know, she wasn't making it up, she had seen something, whether that turned out to be what she thought it had been was up for debate but he had a hunch and his gut was rarely wrong.

Sophie darted off the couch and through the large double doors. She had meant to seek out a secondary exit but instead she stood transfixed at the scene in front of her.

A large open space spread before her, on the sides, close to the walls, were strange X-shaped pieces of furniture made out of heavy wood. People were standing up on the small boards that sat at the end of those X's, their arms up and shackled to the highest points. Chains glinted in the dimness. Heavy bass laden music thudded and beat from the speakers, down the center of the room stood spanking benches, some of them occupied. Naked flesh was everywhere, women dressed in scanty outfits and men wearing leather milled about watching the other people play. She walked forward, drawn irresistibly to the action.

Kane had to yank her back, a whip cracked through the space her face had just been, she jumped at the loud crack as it sang through the air. She whirled and found herself looking at a table. A young blonde woman was on it, she had been positioned so that she was flat on her back, her ankles and wrists were encircled by leather cuffs, each attached to a long silver loop of chain.

She was nak*d, her tawny skin flushed and lightly glowing. Her parted legs gave a clear glimpse at her shaved nude mound, her soft pink lips peeking up from between her slim thighs. As Sophie watched a man walked up to where she lay, ran a hand up her neck in a gesture that was as tender as it was possessive and then he yanked her head to his, coming so close to her lips with his own that Sophie was sure he would kiss her. He didn't.

The woman whimpered, the chains rattled and clanked. He laid a heavy gym bag on the bottom of the table and began pulling things out of it, holding them up so she could see. Sophie was confused by some of what she saw. She knew what the large vibrator was; she had seen them in sex shops near her old apartment. She was no stranger to riding crops either, farm land had stretched around her home town and she had gone to the feed and seed stores with her foster parents to but things for the garden, what the man would want with him she didn't understand. He took out a roll of electrical tape and a power strip and a short chain whose ends were oddly shaped.

He opened the ends and she glanced at Kane, "Nipple clamps," he replied.

He wanted to hustle her out of there, to ask her more about what she had seen but she was obviously mesmerized and, in truth, so was he. A flush rose up in Sophie's cheeks as she watched him manipulate her nipple, rolling it between his thumb and forefinger before bending over and sucking it into his mouth.

A gasp came from the bound woman and heat flooded into Sophie's belly and crotch. It embarrassed her and confused her, she was not a virgin but sex had always seemed so bland and boring, like a requirement of having a boyfriend rather than a joy. The woman on the table did not seem to think so, she began to beg; her voice slightly hoarse, "Please f**k me Sir, please..."

The words made Sophie's heart throb painfully. She closed her eyes for a moment as he placed the nipple clamps on her n**ples, that they hurt was obvious, that she was enjoying it was also obvious.

He began to beat her, smacking the riding crop across the tops of her thighs and hips. Sophie stared at Kane in mute horror and he nodded slightly back at the woman. She was laughing.

Totally confused she looked back at Kane and he whispered, "It's okay. She has a safe word. If she doesn't like what he's doing she will say it and he stops, right then."

A safeword. How much her life might be different if she had had a safeword. Looking back at the scene, she saw that he had stopped using the crop and was, instead, using the tape to hold the vibrator in place. He taped it down snugly and turned it on. A low and approving whisper went through the crowd.

He turned the vibrator on and the woman moaned; a low and desperate moan that made Sophie suddenly aware that there was a strange dampness in her panties. Her p**sy felt heavy, and her breath was coming in soft hard pants, she had to concentrate to slow it down.

The vibrator purred against the woman's clit. Glistening pearls of come escaped her pink folds and dripped onto the table. She writhed and whimpered as the man went to the head of the table and pulled his long and rigid c*ck from his pants. She turned her head, her mouth opening and he thrust inside of it.

The power strip was on the floor and the crop was in his hands, as was what Sophie had originally thought was a feather duster. He alternated hitting his captive's legs with the crop and tickling her with the feathers, all the while thrusting his c*ck in and out of her mouth.

Sophie wanted to turn away; it seemed so terribly personal, so incredibly violent and yet beautiful. She could see the swollen purple head of his prick when he slid out of the other woman's mouth, could see the trails of slippery fluids running from her p**sy. Her own heartbeat was so fast she was afraid she would faint but still she could not turn away.

He stepped down on the power cord as the woman began to heave and moan. The vibrator cut off mid spin. For a moment the audience and the woman both were silent then she turned her head away from his organ, begging in a loud and abandoned cry to come.

"He cut it off with the power button on the strip," someone murmured, "What a great idea!"

For the next few minutes he toyed with her, cutting the vibrator off and on while she begged and pleaded for release. Sophie could smell the scent of her arousal and it made her own crotch throb painfully.

Finally it ended. He thrust his c*ck back in her mouth, growling out, "Suck me until I come, dammit and you can come too."

Those hard words made Sophie blush scarlet. The bound woman bobbed her head, raising it off the table slightly to get every swollen inch of him in her mouth. Her thighs shook with the strain as he pushed the button back to the on position with his foot and the whirring of the vibrator began again.

He moved back just in time, the condom he had placed on his c*ck showed white come swirling into the tiny cup at the end and the woman screamed, her neck muscles cording and come spilling from her p**sy, pooling on the table below her.

They cooed and cuddled each other. The woman was in tears even as she laughed and Sophie was finally able to look away. When she did she met Kane's eyes, what she saw made her blush yet again. He knew exactly what she had felt watching the scene unfold. He knew.

"I am going to make sure you get home safely." He said, "But I really do need your shoe."

"That guy might still be out there!"

"He's long gone." Kane said matter-of-factly. "I need you to come with me to the station, will you do that?"

"The police station?"

"Yes."

Sophie nodded, "I need to stop at my apartment on the way and check on my dog."

***

"They got what was coming to them."

The words rang out in the silent house and the man tossed a half of a beer down in one long gulp to try to drown them out. Some days, when the rage subsided and he could think clearly, he felt real fear, horror and shock at what he had done. Those days had been more frequent in the beginning.

The first kill had been the hardest. He had been torn between glee at finally doing what he had dreamed of for so long and absolute terror that he would get caught. Then the need to do it again had swept over him.

The head sat on the kitchen table, the clotted stump of neck stuck into a jar filled with water. It resembled a particularly gory bouquet. He hiccupped hysterical laughter and put his revolver in his mouth, letting the cold steel rest against his tongue. The tang of the metal filtered through his taste buds and he choked and gagged, took the gun out and set it down beside his latest trophy.

He was hungry, he staggered to the cabinets and refrigerator, making a hasty sandwich out of bologna so old a hard rind had formed on the outer edges, sliced onions, mayonnaise laid on far too thick and beets. He liked beets, his mother used to make them homemade. He ate the dripping mess at the sink, a vacant and unsettled look sliding off and onto his face every few minutes.

For some reason he found himself remembering his boyhood. The neighbors had all been different then; he could remember all too well his father's anger when the first black family moved in across the street. Now there were so many different ethnicities present he had a hard time even recalling the years when it had all been white families.

How old had he been when his father died? Twenty? The old man had died on the job. He had been a Union man, a plumber and he had had to move back home from college and get a job to support his mother. She had always been frail; after her husband passed away she had withered and slid into the shadows. She had clung to life though, for seven more years.

He went to his bedroom. It had been his bedroom when he had been a boy, the twin bed sitting under the windows had been his and he poured himself into it, curling up so he would fit. The curtains billowed in the puffs of soured air coming up from the vents and he tucked his thumb in his mouth, trying to find some solace.

When he began to drift off to sleep he got up and returned to the kitchen and took the head out of the vase. He put it into his case with careful movements; there was a slightly squashed indent on one cheek that disturbed him so he turned it slightly.

"Kiki, Janice, Lorelei, Mary Grace and Pamela. My oh my...look what I caught in my little web. Such lovely little things you are."

He chuckled, a phlegmy rattle that made his chest hurt. He rubbed it and closed the case. He leaned his head against the cold glass, thinking about the woman who had seen him drop Pamela's head to the sidewalk.

"Thousands of people see crimes and don't report them every single day." He said to the heads of the women he had killed. "And if she does, it won't even matter because she didn't see my face."

Still, the fear had come back. He had lost sight of her, she had run like a gazelle and he had far greater things to worry about - like bringing his trophy home safely.

He went into what had been his parent's bedroom. The ruffled pillow shams on the dress pillows made him feel slightly queasy. He tossed them to the floor and clambered into bed, the cold sheets rubbing against his hairy, nak*d body.

"The Creeper," he said in a wondering, dazed voice and began to laugh helplessly.

***

Sophie drank coffee and tried, repeatedly, to tell the officers, including Kane, who kept offering the cute little canine bits of hamburgers or steak sandwiches, that Sassy was not hungry, just determined not to miss out on a treat. Eventually she gave up.

The sketch artist finished the drawing and Sophie looked at it, she was tired and the events of the night had taken on a strange and surreal turn. The toe of her shoe had blood on it after all, according to preliminary test but there would have to be a lot more tests done before anyone knew for certain what else they would find there.

The sight of a murdered woman's severed head followed by the sight of the bound woman enjoying sex had taken a toll on her emotionally and physically and Kane saw it. He knew she had become tired; her patience was wearing thin as well and she had begun to snap out answers instead of speaking them.

"I want to go home," she said finally. She had decided she was likely safe; the killer had probably not hung around to track her, as Kane had said.

"I'll make sure you get home." Kane stood, his back ached and his eyes felt grainy, he decided he would drop her off and head home himself.

Before he could get out the door another officer stopped him. "They just found a body. The woman's roommate came home and found her. It's definitely the Creeper."

"How can you be sure?"

"She was beheaded."

"Where?"

"Down by Seventh."

Sophie stood by quietly but her face had slowly lost all of its remaining color. Tears leaked from her eyes as she thought about what she had seen. A human being had died and her head had been taken and stuffed into a tote sack like it was nothing more than trash.

Kane commandeered a car, personally driving her home. Her apartment was on the tenth floor but she had a working elevator and the hallways were all well lit and quiet.

She unlocked the door and paused, Sassy peeking out of her sack at him with her earnest brown eyes. "I could have done something."

"She was already dead. No one could have helped her."

"Will you catch him?"

I hope so. "Yes.

"Good."

Before he could say anything else she slid inside the door and shut it firmly behind her. He heard multiple locks sliding home and he stood there for a few minutes, listening to the silence and wondering what it was about her that invoked his protector side as much as it stirred his long suppressed desires.

***

The apartment was clean, except for the room where the woman had died. She had been a fighter, lamps were knocked over and a long tear in the sheets offered up a long red fingernail, it had been torn from her hand while she had desperately fought for her life.

"Her name was Pamela Skinner, also known as Pam Skin. She was a singer in a punk rock band that was fairly popular in the mid-nineties. This guy, he kills people who almost made it." Lynette turned toward Kane, her brow furrowed in thought. "You're the former FBI guy, you call it."

Kane winced; he hated to be reminded of his time at the Bureau. "You just did," he said and walked into the living room to talk to Pam's shaken roommate.

***

Kane was frustrated beyond words long before he staggered into his apartment for a quick nap and a shower. He was certain that the dead woman was somehow connected to Sophie's sighting. He was, in fact, utterly positive she had seen the victim's head, the serial killer, and that she was lucky to be alive.

He lay in bed, exhaustion settling into his bones as he played over the details of the case in his mind, looking for clues into the killer's mind, seeking out any sort of a pattern.

What am I not seeing?

Kane had been on the fast track at the Bureau, and when he had made the decision to leave in order to join the police force in New York it had shocked everyone. He could have told them why, but he had felt like it was his decision and he owed no explanations.

He had been exposed to a lot of the best minds the Bureau had on tap as well as some of its most violent cases. He had worked hand in glove with profilers and he knew that there was always a pattern, some underlying commonality when it came to the people that were selected by serial killers. The key was to find it.

But what had all the women had in common? None of them had the same hair or eye color or were the same age. They all had the same lean and attenuated bodies; they had all been semi-famous in some way or another, those were the only things that were the same. What was it about those two things that set the Creeper off? Kane wondered, or did they have anything to do with the killings at all?

He knew it would just be a matter of time before the FBI got called in and he knew that the only reason Captain Ross was putting it off was because he was hoping his detectives could solve it, and that he could take the credit.

Kane doubted that they would be able to. The Creeper's kill rates were accelerating. He had killed three women in two weeks and Kane knew one thing about serial killers, once they started accelerating they rarely slowed down.

He closed his eyes but their faces remained. Seven women, all of them killed violently and without reason. He shut his mind off deliberately and went to sleep.

***

There were seven heads. He counted them and blinked. He knew five of the women, only five. He counted them again and scratched his head. The oddly desperate feeling that seemed to always be right below the surface returned, swarming under his skin like a horde of angry bees.

Where had the other women come from? That was a ridiculous question, he had killed them. But why? He poured milk onto his cereal and stared at the heads. The latest had a deep dimple in her chin that would have elevated her face from merely pretty to incredibly striking by virtue of its being so unusual.

The milk tasted sour and the cereal was dried out and flavorless. It crunched grittily between his teeth, but he didn't notice. The one his eyes kept being drawn back to stared at him with a seeming reproach, he could almost feel the contempt coming from her.

Appetite gone he dumped the bowl into the sink, making sure to clean it out afterward. He had become obsessive about neatness the year before and he was simultaneously aroused and sickened by the frozen patches of maroon colored blood that clumped around the ragged stumps of their necks.

His hand crept toward his crotch but his body refused to respond. Anger swelled instead of his member and he clenched his fists in rage as he stared at the face of the first of his victims.

Her hair had been shining and soft in life, but in death it hung in a limp straw textured clump around her cheeks, her face was patched with frost and ice crystals and her blue eyes had developed a film over them, giving her the appearance of someone who was aging and developing cataracts.

His eyes closed but the red streaked darkness behind his eyelids offered him no answers.

Sighing he turned and left the comfort of his home, like any regular guy on his way to work.

***

Sophie was beyond grateful that she had a couple of days off from work for she was thoroughly exhausted. Sassy's small heavy weight rested near her right hip and she relaxed as she picked up one of the thin novels that sat in the cardboard box under her coffee table.

The cover showed a woman with eyes too big for her face and a thin gown standing on a snow bank. Wolves circled around her slight figure while a dark haired man seated on a large black horse were featured in the background. Everything about the book screamed cheesy romance and she gave a happy sigh as she opened the pages and began to read.

Barbara Cartland had been a name she had known as soon as Geoff had said it. Her mother had had shelves filled with those books, at twelve she had still been too young to read them and when she had been taken in by the system she had not been allowed to keep her parent's possessions, they had owed money and creditors had swooped down to claim their home and belongings to offset those debts. Besides, the foster system only allowed her so many possessions. The worker had packed all of her things into black trash bags rather than the suitcases that had been in her parent's closet.

The books made her feel close to her mother again but they also made her wonder what it would be like to be so in love that there was no risk not worth taking.

She closed the book, suddenly restless. Her mind kept going back to the scene she had witnessed at the club that she had been in with Kane. Was that love? How could that woman have trusted someone so much that she would allow herself to be tied up and used so openly? That memory brought heat to her face and between her thighs.

She had never known lust, never known the throb of excitement that accompanied sex until she had seen that couple and she wasn't sure how to handle it. Sex, in her experience, was painful and frightening. Susan had traded sex for money and drugs and so she had also seen it as a commodity, something fast and cheap and easily forgotten. None of that appealed to her.

But what she had seen in the club had excited her; she couldn't deny it. She turned the thoughts off as best as she could and buried herself back in the book but the memory kept seeping back in, as did the heat.

Frustrated, she decided what she really needed was some exercise. Sassy gave a low hopeful whine as Sophie put on her shoes but she gave her a little hug and a promise to walk her when she returned and left the apartment alone.

The sun hung low in the sky, barely visible above the tall buildings on Fifth Avenue, bathing the people walking with a soft golden glow. Lines of people waiting for food at the carts clogged foot traffic and taxis clashed their gears while their drivers shouted curses at each other and impatient drivers flipped each other off and beeped their horns despite the signs declaring horn honkers would be fined three hundred dollars.

Sophie felt immediately better. She walked fast, having learned that to walk slowly was to risk being run over by other people, slowing only occasionally to peek into shop windows. A thrift store window's merchandise beckoned and she went in, coming out with a bag that held a small print for her living room wall and a set of fanciful coffee mugs that had colorful fish swirling around the rims.

Her mood had lightened considerably by the time she bounded back into the apartment. She took Sassy back out for a few minutes and then she put herself back into her little nest on the sofa, the book once more in her hands.

It slipped from her fingers as she fell asleep, landing on the floor with a small thud. She rolled over, her face nuzzling into the back of the sofa as she dreamed.

***

The DNA matched. Kane gave the results a grim once-over, before leaning back in the creaking chair that sat at his desk. Forrester lounged over his own chair; his suit had rucked up around his back, causing large and bulky creases in the jacket.

"So this woman didn't see anything huh?" He asked.

"Just a guy with a head in a bag."

Forrester riffled through the report in front of him, "Susan Hammond," he said, "Lives at Thirty-Third and Eighth."

Kane wondered what report the other man was looking into but didn't ask, he had learned long ago that to ask what was going on in Forrester's cases somehow translated to him agreeing to take them on. He didn't need any more cases on his plate.

The DNA matched, the rush results proved it. The man Sophie had seen had been the same man who had murdered the latest victim. He stood up, rubbing his eyes and lower back. The precinct hummed with activity, below the long staircase various petty thieves and junkies were hustled in and out of the pens, all of them screaming for lawyers or that they were being railroaded. Half of them were in so often they knew most of the cops by name.

Hookers laughed and joked in the lock up space that was referred to as the kitty crawl by the women who frequented it. The Homicide Division's home building was undergoing major remodeling so the detectives were all crammed into a sprawling open space on the top floor, all the noise drifted upward to them. For some it was a distraction, Kane never noticed it.

The FBI was going to be in by the end of the week and he knew that while the help would be needed he also dreaded it. The news reports were full of the killings: the latest had been a bit different however; the woman who had been killed had not been almost famous, she had been famous. Or, at least, in some circles.

Jenny Fox had been known for her eccentric and flamboyant behavior, she claimed to be a gypsie, to be possessed by the goddess Inanna, and that she was able to speak to the dead. The woman had made a living by holding seances and channeling spirits. She was known for showing up on television shows while being 'used by the Lady' as she put it, and even though many people shot her rather ridiculous claims down with logic, she seemed to stay popular with those desperate to talk to their dead until the year before, when her ex-partner had announced to the world that Jenny was a fraud and a liar who had been born in the mountains of North Carolina and that she had left a husband and a warrant for her arrest behind, as well as a past marked by mental illness and drug use, when she moved to the city.

Kane could not figure out where she fit into the serial killer's pattern, Jenny was older and not at all thin. She was in her forties and she had short hair, all of the other women had been possessed of long hair.

Could there be a copycat? Or was she killed by a person who had taken her head in an attempt to throw them off the trail? His every instinct said she had been a victim of the Creeper but there was no pattern.

He stared down at the photographs, his mouth thinning down to a hard line. Jenny had been killed far more savagely than the last victim, further proof that the killer was accelerating. His neck ached and his mood was black as he decided to call it a night.

Walking home he felt tension draining away from his shoulders. His back muscles loosened and his long legs ate the distance but the movement could not help shut off his mind.

His thoughts drifted away from the case and back to Sophie. He had not realized how much he longed for a new submissive, how much he had missed the rough and intense sex and the trust that made a scene really work for him until he saw the look of yearning wonder on her gorgeous face.

His crotch ached at the memory of her parted lips, widened eyes and flushed cheeks. He walked faster, hoping that that sudden burst of lust would subside but it didn't, if anything it intensified. It was late, after midnight and he had to curb the urge to go and knock on her door.

"What would you say to her?" he asked himself, "Hi, remember me? The cop you met at a kink club? I was just checking to make sure you were still alive and, hey, by the way, would you mind if I took you to dinner then spanked you and f**ked you senseless?"

The image that conjured up: Sophie on her belly with her firm and pale ass bared to him, made his c*ck grow harder. He growled out an expletive, startling the woman who was walking in front of him.

I want her, he admitted as he opened the door to his apartment. After all these years I want to take a new submissive under hand and, go figure, she does not even know what that means...yet.

The yet startled him. "Am I planning on training her? I would have to..." realizing where his thoughts had wandered he closed them off and forced himself to go to sleep.

***

The Creeper stood in the small living room of the apartment he had broken into earlier. There was something wrong, and he felt it. His gut tightened and his eyes scanned the gloom, looking at the pictures on the wall. A woman smiled at him from one frame, her arms around a small child. In another she posed beside a man, both of them in wedding finery.

He did not have to check to know he was in the right place, it was the people were wrong. A wave of dizziness swept over him, he had gotten something wrong; he had made a mistake somewhere. But, how?

He could hear her mocking laughter; it gusted through his mind like poisoned wind. "You are so stupid," she jeered, "You are a fool! Everyone knew but you..."

He clapped his hands to his ears, hoping to drown her out but her voice remained, cutting through him like a chainsaw. He ground his teeth together and crept toward the door. A small squeak caught his attention; he turned his head to see a shadow gather and coalesce in the hallway. Curious eyes peeked at him from a solemn little face.

"Are you lost? "

"Yeah," the Creeper said gruffly, "Very lost."

"You should get a phone like my dad's; it tells you where you are and where you're going too."

"I'll remember that." How old was the kid, ten? Twelve? What had he been doing when he was that age? He could recall the fourth grade vaguely: the smell of chalk and the taste of the paste he had liked to eat, the bicycle that had dumped him in the driveway and led to two chipped front teeth. His old man had beaten his ass good for that stunt, teeth were expensive to fix, after all.

The kid watched him leave. He closed the door softly then tugged the hat down lower. His hand stayed on the doorknob for a few moments while he weighed the pros and cons of going back in and killing the kid; he had seen him after all. But what had he seen really, a man in dark clothes with a mustache a totally different color from his hair and tufts of the same colored wig sticking out from under a ball cap; that was all. No need to slaughter the whole family.

The rage that always simmered below the surface had grown quiet, leaving just the anxiety. His nerve seemed to be failing him and that alone made a small bud of that anger unfold but luckily for the family on the other side of the door it was not enough to make him reenter the apartment.

He turned and went down the hall, taking the stairs instead of the elevator to keep his face off of the cameras inside of that small steel coffin.

Out on the streets he walked slowly, deliberately pacing himself to appear as if he had no reason to be away from the streetlights and the hot white glow of the headlights. Something she had said to him, years before, about tigers walking in a concrete jungle came back to him and he could feel that same confusion that had haunted him for the last several years bleeding back in.

How had it all gone wrong? The city had changed, or maybe he had grown weary. Their life had somehow gone downhill and she had begun to hate him, to hold him in contempt. The Creeper stared at his face in a dark window for long moments, trying to capture the face of the man he had once been but all he saw reflected back at him was a wavering face whose lines looked indistinct and blurred, he looked like a ghost imprinted on a dead television screen.

The thought of being a ghost frightened him; he turned and fled back toward the subway, running for home and its illusion of safety.

***

Three days had passed and the city lay sweltering under an unexpected and unseasonable blanket of heat. The temperatures rose and the Creeper remained silent. Trucks parked along the curbs served up dripping cones and the tourists huddled on the double decker buses that ran the sightseeing circuits, too tired and hot to walk the steaming streets.

Sophie still had yet to purchase a television but she had learned a great deal about the Creeper since the night she had seen him, and all of it made her very nervous, as did the newly awakened sexual longing inside her. The night before she had lain in bed, surprised to find her crotch slick and wet. She had never masturbated, yet she somehow had known by instinct where and how to touch, and when it had been too hard and when it was too light. The strange and desperate feeling that had come up in her when her fingers had grazed her cl*t had made her gasp, shame had made her stop before she could find release so as a consequence she had woken up cranky and a little sore.

The bookstore was very busy, the usual customers culled the dollar shelves and the tourists drooped in the aisles, loudly comparing the store to the large chain bookstores. Sophie had to smile each time she heard the word quaint used just to keep from swearing out loud. Geoff had long since tired of what he deemed the necessary evils of business ownership and vanished into his office. His door sat decidedly closed and she knew he would not come out until closing time, which was two hours away.

She could understand his feelings; he loved books, old, rare, new and used. He loved classics and trashy novels both and the hunt associated with finding them. He did not, however, like people. He hated seeing his books going out of the shop, even though he understood it was the nature of the business.

The day dragged, a little boy threw a screaming fit and spilled sticky egg cream on a pile of children's books. While she ran for paper towels the parents scooped him up and left, not even asking if anything was damaged. Three books were soaked with the gooey mess and she knew one was wrecked; the words were smeared across the page too badly to read. She left it open to dry anyway just in case and rang up the old man with a love for Westerns written in the nineteen fifties and the young woman who liked Ayn Rand and self-help books.

When she left for the evening she was thoroughly exhausted and a bit irritated. A strange hush hung over the streets as she trudged home, she could feel it. It felt like everyone and everything was holding its breath, waiting for something to happen.

Sassy greeted her with a long lick and an even longer whine. "Oh you poor thing," Sophie said, cuddling her pet close, "You need to go out, don't you?"

She took her to the closest park, allowing her to run until the twilight cast dark indigo and purple mantles over the statues in the park and the quiet faces of the buildings. They stopped at a cart for dinner, Sassy barking excitedly when Sophie ordered hot dogs and French fries for dinner.

When she opened her wallet to pay her eyes fell on the slickly laminated card she had been handed at the club. It read, quite simply, Sophie and had a number printed below it. The card seemed to blare up at her, she looked over at the other cart patrons guiltily, wondering if they had seen it and knew where she had been. She found herself wanting to say, "I was there by accident, I was running from a killer," but that bizarre urge passed almost as soon as it made itself known.

Dinner in hand, she and Sassy strolled back to the apartment. Sassy gulped hers down and then gave her owner's meal a hopeful look, yipping excitedly when she was given a few extra fries. With dinner over Sophie tried to read but she put the book back down after scanning a few pages without interest. Loneliness set in, bringing depression with it and her eyes drifted back to the picture of Susan.

Three weeks before her suicide Susan had come home again. She had spent four days in bed, drying out. When she had gotten up she had been a mess, pasty and exhausted. Her hair had been snarled and oily, her eyes circled by yellow and brown bruises, the remnants of black eyes.

Sophie had hurt for her, and missed her even then. She had missed the beautiful blonde girl with the big grin and the f**k you attitude that had walked into her life and befriended her when she had needed someone the most.

Sitting at the kitchen table, her needle tracked arms showing all too clearly in the bar of sunlight that had poured through the window behind her, Susan had asked, "Do you think you will unfreeze long enough to realize that love happens, even if you don't want it to?"

The question had come because Sophie had broken up with the guy she had been seeing and Susan thought it was because Sophie was afraid to let anyone in. At the time she had thought that Susan was wrong, but at that moment she wondered if she had been right after all.

She had left her old life behind, she had moved to New York City and yet she was doing the very same things she had done in her former apartment, hiding away and reading about love and life instead of getting out and trying to find those things.

She went into the bedroom and picked up her purse, pulling out the card. Her heart beat painfully and she slid it back into her wallet, then she yanked it out again with an almost convulsive gesture.

The things she had seen at the club burned through her shyness, burned through her fears. She didn't know why but she needed to be there, needed to see those things again. She dressed hurriedly, putting on a pretty dress and thin sandals, remembering the doorman's growled words about her clothing when she had run in the last time, she had a feeling if it had not been for Kane she would have been turned away. Her heartbeat accelerated, wondering if she would see him there.

That thought shook her, and she realized that she wanted to see him. In fact, she had never wanted to see anyone so badly before in her life. She put on a little eyeliner, eye shadow and mascara and surveyed her face critically. Susan had given her a tube of glossy scarlet lip stain and she put some on, then she rubbed it off, embarrassed.

She put on a second coat and stared at her reflection, torn between self-doubt and a small sense of bravado. The makeup made her look different, older and bolder. She looked at her hair hanging in soft black waves to her shoulders and then went back to the closet, trading the modest little pastel colored dress for a green sheath that glowed like an emerald against her pale skin.

"Oh that is ridiculous," she said, then took the dress off and threw it on the floor. Three seconds later she picked it up and put it back on, scolding herself for being a coward. She changed the shoes out for higher heeled ones and then took her car keys and went out the door.

She rarely drove the car anymore, the city had great transportation and parking fees were outrageous. The street outside her apartment had parking but she was afraid if she moved someone would take her spot and she would have to pay those high rates. On that night though she was terrified that someone would look at her and make her feel afraid, make her run back home again and more than anything else she did not want to go back to her apartment and hide.

***

Kane gave up on trying to work. The FBI was coming in the next day, the Captain had given up hope that he could handle the serial killer in house, and Kane already knew he was going to have to deal with his past in a major way when the Feds came in.

He paced his living room, fighting hard against the urge to go to the club but he could not hold off any longer. He dressed in solid black: black jeans, black silk button down shirt, heavy boots that gleamed with polish and then he packed his toy bag. He was not sure why he did; he didn't really want to play with anyone.

"Oh yes you do, you want to play with Sophie," he jeered at himself. "Admit it, she touched something in you. And you would like very much to touch her back."

He packed the violet wand on a whim, it was not really his favorite implement but he took it anyway and then he jumped in a cab, heading for the club.

***

Sophie rang the bell and waited, trepidation setting in as the camera swiveled its one blank eye toward her face. She almost left, sure that some disembodied voice would tell her no but instead the door clicked open.

The man behind the counter barely gave her a glance, she stood there for a second, unsure of what to do, and he barked out, "Your membership and ID card, please," startling her. She fumbled for those items, passed them over and he gave them a glance than added, "Twenty dollars."

She paid the twenty; he stamped her hand and waved her on. The music was so loud behind the doors that when she put her hands out to push them open they vibrated like living things under her fingertips.

She stepped inside the club, her eyes adjusting to its dimness, and a rush of something expected hit her. It had been a long time since she had felt that feeling but not so long that it was so alien she could not name it. When she stepped inside the long room, she felt like she had just come home. It was an odd feeling, and an unsettling one. She glanced around and her eyes stopped on a woman wearing a long black coat, fishnets and pumps with heels sharp enough to double as an ice pick. The woman knelt at the feet of a man whose hand rested lightly on her bowed head. When he stroked her hair and spoke softly she looked up, a smile lighting up her entire face.

"I want that," Sophie thought, and her face went warm as she noticed several people eyeing her appreciatively.

Kane walked in and the first thing he saw was the woman in the backless green dress. Her back was to him, he stared at it, at the long and clearly delineated column of her spine, the creamy white skin, the delicate slope of her shoulders, the black hair that brushed against those shoulders and the curves that were her hips. The dress could have been poured over her; it clung without being tight, lying against her skin.

She turned slightly, ruby red lips parted to reveal small and even white teeth and he smiled back.

"Hi," Sophie said shyly. Between her legs her p**sy felt heavy, full and warm. Her mouth was dry and she could not help but notice the way Kane's shirt emphasized his broad chest and flat belly, the way his jeans clung to his lean h*ps and long legs. The top buttons of his shirt were undone, showing a triangle of golden skin, skin she wanted to put her nose up against and sniff. She wanted to inhale the rich manly scent of him.

"I've converted you." He was hoping to sound like he was not happily surprised to see her but he failed. A huge grin had lifted the corners of his mouth and he knew, knew, that no matter what else happened during the night he wanted her.

"I..." she wasn't sure what to say. She was slightly afraid he would call her out as a fraud and she didn't want to leave so she blurted out the first thing that came to mind, "You have a really big bag there."

Kane laughed. If it had been any other woman he would have known she were flirting and wanted to see what tools he had brought with him to the club, since it was Sophie he knew she was simply trying to make small talk. "You could say that. Are you planning to play?"

She blinked. "Play...what?'

"Play," Kane said and his hand raised, waving around the dungeon," that's what we call it, play."

"Why play?"

"It's certainly not work."

The joke made her laugh. Her eyes went back to the people who were tied to the crosses and the woman on her knees, tethered to a small metal loop that resembled a croquet wicket whose ends were buried in the concrete floor. She had placed her head on the leg of the man who stroked her head from time to time and her eyes were closed in what looked like utter bliss.

"Play is just a generic name." Kane said. "Everyone has different ways of playing." On one wall a man stood nude while a woman cracked a long and scary whip across his ass and back. "Some like it rougher than others."

"What if...what if you don't know how you like it?"

"You explore until you do."

A blush stained her cheeks and she ducked her head, he had to strain to hear her next question, "And, how do you know if someone is willing to play with you?"

Kane felt his breath catch in his throat. "You simply ask them."

She nodded. "Do you want to play with me?"

"I would love to."

The constant mistrust she felt tried to rear its head and change her mind, but she fought back, refusing to allow the past to prevent her from taking a step forward, a step she wanted so badly to take. Kane saw the conflicted emotions on her face and he found himself wondering what damage she had suffered, what had happened to make her so afraid. He knew that most people coming into BDSM for the first time had trust and fear issues, hers ran deeper and it was obvious.

"Okay," she said finally.

He took her hand and a small shock ran through him at the touch of her warm skin. He hadn't been so excited in a long time and he could feel the envious stares aimed at his back when he led her into one of the semi-private rooms that lay scattered around the central room.

"Why is everyone watching us?" she asked in a whisper.

He had hoped she hadn't noticed. He set the bag down on the chair, looking around at the small massage table and the spanking bench that occupied the room.

"They don't recognize you. Many people prefer newcomers, especially new subs. They call it the Dominant Dog Dance. They like the new ones because they don't know how to say no."

"Why would someone say no?"

He turned to face her, "Because sometimes you have to. If something hurts you, goes beyond your limits, or if something feels wrong, you have the right to stop it. If someone is doing something you didn't agree to you have the right to stop it."

"How do you do that?"

"Safe words. Red means stop, period. If someone keeps doing something after you have said red then they are not doing something you consented to anymore. You are always in full control of what happens."

"I see."

"Tell me what you are going to say if I do something you don't like."

"Red."

"Good girl." His hand grazed her cheek and she smiled, the words had loosened something in her.

He took a deep breath, "Would you like to take off your dress?"

Sophie reached for the cleverly concealed zipper then paused, feeling awkward. "Are you planning on hav**g s*x with me?"

"If we both think that's a good idea we may, but if not, then no."

Sophie had to bite her lips shut to keep from blurting out she had never wanted sex so much in her whole life.

Undressing was the hardest thing she had ever done. The dress puddled on the floor, sighing softly as it fell onto the tops of her shoes. She bent over and picked it up, laying it carefully across the back of the chair that sat in one corner. Kane eyed her body with real appreciation, her high firm br**sts were capped with light pink n**ples, her belly was concave and her waist narrow. The constant walking had built muscle into her flat lean thighs and the curve of her h*ps and outward thrust of her ass were covered by a pair of boy shorts so abbreviated pale crescent shaped slices of her ass showed below the lace bedecked hem.

Her fingers trembled as she ran them across the top of her panties. She swallowed hard, wondering if she should leave them on. They were wet and sticky at the junction of her crotch and she felt the red flush on her face as she stood there, undecided.

Kane saw her fear, "You may leave them on if you like."

The words, the permission to keep them if she needed them, allowed her to decide. She pulled them down and it hit her halfway through the process that she had no idea of how to do that in a sexy manner. She felt awkward and a little silly and a small giggle escaped her, dissolving her tension.

She held the panties in her hand, weighing the small scrap of lace and fabric for a moment. She took a deep long breath and opened her hand, allowing them to fall to the floor as well.

"I want you to lie on the table, on your back. I know you're new to this so I want to go very slowly."

She lay on the table, her limbs trembled and her breath came in hard short gasps as he fiddled around in long metal case and then plugged a thick black electrical cord into the wall. A glowing purple light appeared and she stared at it.

"It's a violet wand. Just relax." Kane ordered.

She did, the words were an order despite being couched in a soft tone and for some reason her body responded to that by doing as he said. Her stiff muscles loosened and her crotch grew damper.

A buzzing sound made her jerk sideways. Kane made a soft soothing sound and then lowered the wand to her shoulders, running it slowly down along her arms to her hands.

The low charge made her skin tingle, she gasped as her nerve endings responded to the tool. Kane switched to the body contact, electrifying his entire body so that wherever he touched her a low tingle followed.

He cupped her br**sts, flicking his fingers across her n**ples. They tightened until they were almost painful. When the wand touched her crotch she shrieked, then burst into giggles. Kane switched attachments, using a large glass comb to rake through her hair, sending odd and exciting prickles through her scalp.

When the light from the wand shut off she was instantly bereft but Kane leaned close to her ear and asked, "Are you okay?"

"Yes." She wriggled against the hard surface of the table. "I liked that very much."

He chuckled, "The violet wand is terrific. Would you like to try something a little more intense?"

"Yes."

"Turn over."

She did. Her face lay against the table, her stomach tightened with anticipation as his hands ran down her back, her ass and legs. His nails scratched lightly at her should blades then he kneaded her ass cheeks. The massage was heavy, almost brutal. His hands were powerful and she lay there torn between pleasure and pain, low whimpers escaping her throat.

The first slap took her by surprise and she screamed; a short sharp burst of sound. A second slap landed on the opposite ass cheek, leaving a warming and burning sensation behind that made slippery fluids pour out of her p**sy.

Confusion swirled in, did she really like being hit? She had hated it when her foster father had done it but right then it felt good, she wasn't sure why. She was not even sure that she wanted to know why.

She arched her ass upward, silently pleading for more and Kane smiled. He used the palm of his hand, varying the strikes so that he was hitting different areas, reddening the peach like halves of her ass.

He could see the delicate seam of her a**hole, the glistening threads of come that had slid down her inner thighs and the pink flesh that peeked at him from under the neatly trimmed thatch of coarse black curls. He wanted to run his fingers along that space, to feel that dampness and the heated flesh there but he wanted to know she wanted that first.

Sophie was lost in a sea of endorphins and lust. Her h*ps bucked and jerked, her n**ples scraped against the surface of the table and her ass quivered and jiggled under the blows. Small moans came from her mouth, a counterpoint to the sounds of flesh hitting flesh. A pulsing friction had begun in her walls, she did not know what it was but she wanted more of it.

"I want to touch you."

The ragged pant made her realize that he was feeling the same things she was and she whispered, "I want you to touch me, too."

"Ask me for it."

She could not form the words for a few moments, asking for sex, wanting to ask for sex, was beyond her comprehension. When she could get the words to leave her tongue they were strangled and almost inaudible, "Will you touch me please?"

Kane knew that was a major triumph and did not push her. He slid his fingers up, stroking the sensitive area between her ass and p**sy, making her grind her mound against the table.

"Turn over."

She did, not even thinking. He rubbed his fingers against the hardened bud of her clit, enjoying the expression of ecstasy on her face. "Is that all you want?"

"No. I ...I want..." She couldn't finish the sentence and she didn't have to. Kane pulled her body lower and then he knelt between her legs. He parted the delicate flesh of her labia, opening her so that his tongue and fingers could pleasure her.

He gently sucked on her clit, the slight pressure making sensation explode inside of her. His fingers stroked at the entrance to her tunnel, teasing her until she begged. Her voice cracked and broke as she pleaded with him to touch her, to put his fingers inside of her.

He slid one into her walls, not surprised at the tightness of them. He had known she was not very experienced. He thrust gently into her, loosening her slightly as his tongue worked faster and harder. The rhythm became faster, her legs strained and ached, the muscles in her neck corded and sweat ran down her face.

"Oh please, please, please," she moaned, not sure what it was she was asking for, only that she needed it.

"Come for me right now." Kane could feel his own lust reaching a nearly unbearable peak. His prick strained at the zipper of his jeans and he had to resist the urge to stroke that hardness.

Thick white come spurted from her coral folds, filling his mouth with salty sweetness. His fingers were gripped and released as she contracted and relaxed in the throes of her orgasm.

He moved up, holding her close, dampening his desire in order to ensure that she was okay. Long moments passed, Sophie lay there in a golden languor, her face buried in his neck. The scent of his cologne and a richer, muskier scent filled her nostrils and she sighed contentedly.

Eventually she became aware of the feeling of his c*ck pressed against her. She had never liked that weight, that stiffness but she liked his. She wriggled her h*ps closer experimentally and he growled out, "I'm human, if you keep doing that I am going to f**k you."

"Good." The boldness of that one word shocked and excited her. "I want you to."

She watched as he stripped off his clothes. She let her eyes wander over his strong shoulders and muscled arms, flat belly and the thin strip of black hair that ran from his navel into the waistband of his jeans. When he tugged the zipper down his hard dick sprang forth, the head already swollen and purple.

Kane watched her as he stroked the shaft with his fingers, he knew he was longer and wider than most men and he wondered if he would be able to penetrate her without hurting her.

He climbed up on the table with her, using his hand to guide his hot c*ck to her slit. He rubbed the head in the thick oils there, lubricating himself, the silkiness of her fluids made pleasure course through his body, he unrolled a condom onto his organ and then carefully slid a bare inch inside of her.

Sophie could feel his girth, it frightened her a little but he waited for her to decide she was ready, a move that made her fears subside. She lifted her ass off of the table, gliding her soaked slit further along the throbbing thickness of his organ. She could feel the stretching sensation but the friction that his member was generating made every other consideration disappear.

Kane tried to hold back but her tight and oiled channel urged him on and he closed his eyes, pushing forward in slow increments until he was buried deeply inside her. They began a slow but demanding rhythm, one that left them both gasping with pleasure. Passion rose and crested and Kane thrust harder, the muscles in his ass cheeks flexing as he held himself up on his strong forearms, looking down at her face. Her eyes were half-closed and her mouth parted, he could see the gleam of her teeth behind her scarlet lips. A thick red tide crept up her neck and lower jaw, her teeth clenched together and her heels dug into the table as she writhed and drove her h*ps into his.

"Good girl," he whispered to her, "That's a good girl, give it to me. Give it to me right now, come on my cock. Show me how much you like this."

She came. The orgasm was sudden and intense and it left her gasping and sobbing as it rolled through her body. She could feel his ass tightening and his back muscles growing taut below her grasping fingers then his c*ck twitched and jumped inside of her as his seed spilled into the condom.

They lay together, their bodies cooling. For a long time Sophie wasn't aware of anything else, then slowly she became conscious of the fact that there were people gathered in quiet clumps around the door and that all of them were looking on with eyes that said that not only did they approve of what had just happened, they were turned on by it as well.

Shame hit her. She had been f**king in public like a common whore. Tears streaked down her face and she tried to shove him away. Kane, seeing what was distressing her, slid off the table and asked, in quiet tones, if he could please have some privacy for his sub's after care. Those words acted like a magic spell, everyone vanished. Sophie huddled on the table, bent over in an attempt to hide her nudity and he reached for a small blanket that lay on top of the stack of them at the head of the table.

He wrapped her in it and smiled at a young girl who brought in a tiny tray with a bottle of water and few pieces of chocolate and a paper plate filled with cut fruit. She winked at him and left silently.

Kane helped Sophie to clean herself then he helped her to dress. In between he gave her hugs, water and food. By the time he cleaned the table with the spray bottle filled with a solution for that purpose and a wad of paper towels she was no longer weeping or even upset. She wasn't calm either; she wasn't certain what she felt. Physically she was sore: her p**sy gave off a slight burning ache and her ass did as well but overriding those things were the sheer bliss that made her feel weak in the knees and drowsy.

She was surprised at how few people were left in the club. A quick glance down at her watch showed her why; it was nearly four in the morning. She let Kane lead her outside but she stopped him when he lifted a hand to hail a cab.

"I drove," she pointed to her battered old car. "I don't know why I don't get rid of it. I was lucky as hell to get a parking space here and I'm probably never going to find one near my place ever again."

"Do you mind if I drive you home?'

She shook her head and went to the passenger door. He opened it for her, she had never had anyone open a door before and she stood in the way, not sure what he was doing and then she backed up, almost falling over the curb while trying to give him room. His hand on the small of her back made her feel warm and comforted and when he pulled up in front of a small diner and asked if she were hungry she said yes automatically and without hesitation.

The diner smelled of onions and ground beef sizzling on a super- heated grill. Very few people sat in the hard chairs or crowded into the booths, the bright lights showed very clearly the worn floors and the cracking Formica.

"This place has been here since the fifties and I doubt if they have ever remodeled it." Kane said as they slid into a cold booth. His hands plucked greasy menus from behind a set of salt and pepper shakers and handed her one, "On the other side of that the food is just what you come to diner for: greasy, hot, fast and filling. Please tell me you're not a model in the making who thinks a sourdough muffin and a half of a grapefruit is dinner."

"I'm not a model. People keep asking me that."

"You could be. So what did you bring you to the big city?"

"I wanted a new life." Sophie kept her eyes down when she answered but he could hear the truth in her voice.

He ordered two coffees and then asked if she minded if he ordered breakfast, she said no and he smiled inwardly, pleased at the small acquiescence. He ordered them French toast, home fries and eggs over easy.

They sat in uneasy silence for a few minutes, "I guess this is a little awkward," Kane said finally.

Sophie laughed with relief. "It is. I mean, I never let anyone...well you know."

"I do. And I thank you for trusting me."

"Thank you," she replied softly.

The food came, the eggs were light and done perfectly, the home fries were seasoned and crisp, and the French toast was fluffy and coated with cinnamon and powdered sugar, topped with rich clotted cream and strawberries and finished off with a drizzle of caramel.

Kane watched her eat; enjoying the obvious pleasure she took in her food. Her tongue licked out at her bottom lip from time to time, catching some stray crumb or sweet morsel. Outside a false dawn showed its pearly face against the steamy windows.

"Did you ever find out if the...if I saw a..."

"Yes, you saw the Creeper. Or a copycat, we aren't sure which yet."

"It's pretty awful to think there's one killer, much less two.'

"We're going to get him." He felt the need to reassure her, even if he wasn't so certain he was speaking the truth.

"Susan... a friend of mine, she used to watch a lot of detective and crime shows."

"Yeah I hate those shows. They sort of convinced people cops could solve cases and save victims of kidnapping and serial killers all in an hour. The truth is most of the equipment that they use on those shows is either experimental or so expensive no one department can afford it and everyone's cases wait in line until they get done so half the time you may have to wait months or even years to get a result."

"Oh. Susan would have hated to hear that."

He heard the disappointment in her voice. "Well we won't tell her, will we?"

Her face instantly closed. He saw that happen and his instincts told him that there was something there, something painful. She changed the subject abruptly. "Are you from here?"

"No, upstate in Austerlitz. I always loved the city though."

She stared at him, "Austerlitz, the town where Edna St. Vincent Millay lived?'

"That's the one. Are you a fan?"

"I walked by Bedford Street," her face held a sheepish expression. "I always wanted to see Steepletop though. Is it true all of her things are still there, like the house is waiting for her to come back?"

"Yes, it's true. We could drive up sometime, I couldn't say we will go tomorrow because tomorrow, well today now, the Feds are coming in to help with the case and I'm not sure when my next day off will be."

"We could take my car," she offered.

Kane looked at her glowing eyes and realized that he wanted to kiss her long and slow. His eyes shifted to the clock over the counter and he groaned inwardly, time had gotten away from him. "That's a deal. In the meantime let's get you home."

He walked her to her door and when she asked how he would get home he shrugged and said he would cab it. He was not at all tired, the adrenaline rush he had gotten from the scene they had shared had jazzed him up and he knew he would not sleep even if he did lie down. She waited, hoping he would kiss her but all he said was, "Get inside and sleep well," before stepping back from her.

She closed the door, locked it and put her back against it. Her mind was whirling with the night's events and when Sassy, woken up and grumpy, staggered out of the bedroom dragging her owner's robe with her she took that as a divine hint to go to bed.

She was asleep before her head even hit the pillow.

***

Kane sat at his desk, staring at the report he had taken the night he had met Sophie, and he swore softly. She had given him a false name and he had never thought to check her ID. She had used the name Nancy Boyd, Edna St. Vincent Millay's pseudonym, and given an address he knew was not hers. He wondered why.

He picked up his cell phone and called the club, knowing that the man who owned it and who sat at the desk would still be awake. After a long and very roundabout and discreet conversation he got her real name and other information.

He sat there staring at the computer with angry eyes after he ran a check on that name. Susan, the woman whose name she had mentioned and whose ID she had used at the club, was dead. She had committed suicide.

He stared at her mugshots, in some she was blonde, in others she wore heavy black wigs or red ones. She looked fresh faced, if angry and lost, in the first few, after that she wore the same resigned and broken expression he had seen on dozens of desperate addicts over the years.

Who was Sophie? That question nagged at him, who was she and why did she feel the need to lie about who she was? What was she hiding?

A small newspaper article on Susan caught his eye, it mentioned a girl who had been in foster with her, a young woman named Sophie but before he could research that further Forrester strolled in.

The fact that the man was actually in the office at eight in the morning was shocking; that he had shaved and ironed his clothes was equally unusual. Kane felt the contempt that always marked his feelings toward the other officer creeping in as Forrester tossed himself into his chair and asked, "What're you working on, you got a lead?"

"No, different case. I thought I would try to back off and get some fresh perspective on the Creeper that way." Kane lied easily.

"Huh," Forrester said and got up, wandering off to get some of the vile coffee that was always scorching the bottom of the Silex pot.

"I hate that guy," another officer said, "I heard he was good cop until his wife ran off but I never knew him then."

"Forrester had a wife?" Kane asked.

"Yeah, she was a beauty too, from what I hear. I guess she got tired of being a cop's wife or something."

"Most women get tired of being a cop's wife," Kane said in a neutral voice.

There was a stir at the door and he looked up. A woman with blonde hair pulled back into a tight ponytail and trim figure that was visible under the conservative suit she wore walked side by side with a man whose tired face and rumpled suit could not make him seem any less impressive. He was John Hamm, one of the FBI's best profilers. The FBI had sent in the big guns.

The Captain came out of his office, a huge grin on his face, a grin that could not disguise the fact that he wasn't at all happy to see the two people walking into his precinct.

Kane stood up and waited his turn to be introduced saying hello and good to see you again to John, and meaning it. The woman stood silent and he turned to her, pasting a smile on his face.

"Hello Janelle."

"Hello Kane."

Silence spun out for a long second and he wondered if everyone in the place was busy figuring out that the FBI had sent his ex in to work with him on a case that was rapidly spiraling out of control.

"I'm Forrester," the man almost knocked Kane over getting to Janelle. His hand pumped hers several times, and he held it a little too long. "Welcome to the team."

Kane winced and turned away, clicking the window and browser on his laptop closed to avoid having to say anything else.

***

Sophie woke up slowly. Her body ached, but pleasantly so, and she stretched hard. Sassy whined at her and she chuckled, reaching out to scratch her under her chin.

"Well good morning darling, how was your night?"

Sassy responded with a wounded little howl that let her owner know in no uncertain terms she was feeling left out and that she had to go out as well. Sophie got out of bed and tossed on a pair of jeans, a tee shirt and sneakers. The dress she had worn to the club lay over the small chair near the foot of her bed and she paused, her eyes locked onto it while memories of the night before flooded in. Shame brushed her, how could she have done those things? Overriding that feeling was lust. The urge to put her hands on her p**sy, to cup it and squeeze the tender flesh made heat flame into her cheeks and she grabbed the leash, determined to out distance that thought.

Out on the sidewalk Sassy rushed to a tiny section of the curb and took care of her needs. Sophie walked her for a few minutes, knowing the little canine enjoyed the early morning smells and sniffing the other dogs that were being trotted along the cold gray sidewalks.

She wasn't paying attention to where she was walking, she was thinking about the night before, the feeling of Kane's hard member stretching her open, the sensation of total surrender that had come over her when he had commanded her to roll over, and she had.

Sophie had never felt connected to anyone other than Susan, had never been able to trust anyone other than the person who had shared so much of the same history. She was bewildered by her trust in Kane, but she was also grateful for it. On the other side of that she had never known the intensity of passion either and the longing for more of what he had given her was bewildering, and exciting too, she admitted as she strolled.

Maybe he turned me into some kind of sex junkie, she thought and a laugh escaped her, she was pretty sure that one time did not make her a junkie. "But you would certainly like more," she told herself, "And you could very well become addicted. That was amazing."

They strolled into Union Square, Sassy heading eagerly for the stand that gave out samples of fresh goat cheese. It had become one of her favorite treats and the woman who ran the stall was always happy to see the two of them. Once the pleasantries were dispensed with and Sassy had happily gulped down the small chunks of cheese she was offered Sophie bought a half pound of the cheese she preferred from that vendor and they moved on to the other stalls.

Union Square's market was open air and the smell of fresh herbs and flowers mingled with the bright sunshine to create a festive atmosphere. Farmers stood behind colorful and heaped up mounds of fruits and produce, jars of honey gave off an amber glow, a street entertainer danced and juggled while a young man sat at an easel, doing quick sketches for the people who paused to buy his wares.

Freshly baked breads enticed those passing by and Sophie bought a small plate of macaroons. Sitting on a narrow green bench she tilted her face up to the sun while she ate the sweet treats. Sassy barked excitedly at the booth of the man who sold organic eggs and was given a pat on her head and a sliver of egg as a reward from him.

Sophie bought crisp radicchio, tender butter lettuce, a pint of fresh berries and a jar of honey with the comb, a quarter pound of salted creamy butter and rustic bread whose outer crust was thick and crisp but whose inside promised to be tender and chewy. Sassy whined to be carried halfway home and Sophie had to tuck her under the crook of her arm and carry the heavy bag in the other hand.

She was tired when they got home but a glance at the clock showed it was time for her to head out to work. She gave Sassy a kiss on her head and a pat before heading back out the door, several large slices of bread and the jar of honey tucked into her lunch box.

Walking in the shop she found Geoff standing on a ladder, his head titled up at a very strange angle. "You're going to break your neck up there."

"I should be so lucky." Geoff returned. "I am in the unfortunate position of having so many of these bodice ripping historical romances I find myself having to create a whole section for them. Look at these lurid covers, would you? They scream f**k me, you brute! Oh look, this one is about pirates."

"What's wrong with pirates? They can be very sexy."

Geoff cocked an eyebrow as he looked down at her, "You look like a happy girl, should I ask if you got shanghaied by a pirate or maintain boss employee standards here?"

"I brought fresh honey and bread, if you would like some."

"Nice evasive maneuver. I love honey, did you toast the bread?"

"Of course not, you have a toaster here. I did bring butter and some fresh berries too."

"Aren't we becoming quite the food snob? Good, I taught you well, I still can't believe you liked frozen dinners when you came here." Geoff said as he came down the ladder. "I happen to have a thermos filled with spilt pea soup on the counter and a carton of homemade cottage cheese replete with pearl onions and freshly cracked pepper in the fridge, we will eat like kings. Put a sign on the door telling the tourists to go f**k themselves and the regulars to do the same today."

"By that you mean hang the back in twenty sign?" Sophie asked with a twinkle in her eye.

"You know damn well that is what I mean. If we said exactly what we meant we would not have any customers and then where would be?"

"Broke."

"Homeless."

"Hungry."

"Reduced to working at a job that requires us to be soulless automatons to the machinery of commercialism."

"You win." Sophie said. "I don't even want to try to keep up with a guy who lived on a commune and has a degree in political science."

"No, you don't. You should think about taking some classes though. Don't think I don't see you reading everything in sight. You need to think about furthering your education."

"I can't afford that." Sophie kept her voice neutral but she knew Geoff knew she wanted to go to college desperately. "Maybe you should talk to my boss about giving me more hours."

"Your boss is lucky to afford the rent," Geoff said and headed for the back to get the soup and cottage cheese.

***

The day dragged for Kane. Janelle spoke to him briefly and while he found he still liked her and respected her and had no hard feelings he was not at all fond of working with her. She was meticulous; she went over every detail over and over again. It was part of what had made their relationship so difficult, he went by instinct and she relied on large doses of constant scrutiny and belaboring points until they were dead. He often thought that they had analyzed their relationship to death.

The profile was finally complete and he stared down at it. It had most of the typical details: white male, probably in his late forties, professional, likely not white collar however. He was not adverse to media attention but he had yet to contact the police, Janelle was positive that he was cognizant of and perhaps even manipulating parts of the investigation and said so over lunch.

"You know as well as I do that these types of killers often involve themselves with cases so that they can throw police off their tracks or so that they can manipulate the media into fearing them, it is a way to gain power for them." She said as they chewed large sandwiches over his desk.

"With the media being everywhere these days it is a lot easier for one killer to get lost in the mix," Kane put in, "So quite often they are resorting to bigger scenarios, even worse mutilations and so forth in order to gain attention. I'm not sure that's playing a part in his accelerating kill rates but it could be."

"Look at the way these women were killed," Janelle said, "It's like he started off hesitant and unsure but very enraged."

"Then there were two that were almost perfunctory, until he got to the one who thought she was a goddess."

"Then the rage kicked back in."

"I don't see a pattern," Kane admitted as he leaned back in his chair. "It's almost like he chose some of the victims and not the others. I think he may have killed some of the women, the ones who were tortured and killed the hardest, because he knew them and the others because he simply likes being the Creeper and didn't want to fade from the news. It's the only thing that makes sense."

"Did any of them know each other?" John Hamm finally put in. He sat in a chair close to the desk but not right at it. Kane was very well aware that John had chosen that position to use body language and perception to make it clear that he was there to help, not to encroach on Kane's territory.

"If they did we haven't found the link."

Janelle pulled the files back toward her. Her white blouse pulled taut across her firm high br**sts as she did so and Kane saw Forrester's eyes go to them. He cleared his throat and saw John's face harden slightly. He knew that the two were not sleeping together, the older man simply found Forrester to be rude and for that Kane couldn't blame him; the older cop had spent all day ogling Janelle, getting in the way and disrupting their brain storming with a lot of tiresome questions and pointless debating.

"Maybe we aren't looking at this from the proper angle." John said mildly. "Let's stop looking at who these women were and start looking at who they weren't."

Forrester looked at him, a frown creasing his forehead. "I'm not following you chief," he said in an openly hostile tone.

"All of the women did have one thing in common. They were almost famous. None of them were exactly unknown, even the ones who seemed to have been killed as an afterthought. They were all connected by one thing, they were all artists or models or musicians. The ...what was her name? The medium? Jenny Fox...she claimed to be an artist too."

"Maybe they all had an agent in common." Kane suggested. "It would be a long shot but we could give it a try. We could put a couple of guys on it."

"I don't see where that makes any sense," Forrester said through a mouthful of pastrami and rye, "You're going to be wasting manpower on a bullshit wild goose hunt when they could be out on the streets looking for this guy."

'We are doing it." Kane said; his eyes steely as he stared at the other man. He really hoped he would not have to break out the 'I'm in charge' card. For a second he almost pitied him, he was fifteen years Kane's senior but he had been told to play second chair, it had to sting.

Forrester glared at him, his jaw working at the hunk of bread and meat then he dropped his eyes. Janelle spoke up, her voice deliberately neutral.

"I think we need to go back and reexamine as many of the actual crime scenes as possible. Get a feel for this firsthand."

Kane stood, wiping his hands on a napkin and she stood as well. For one moment he had a sudden and disturbingly vivid memory of the two of them in bed: Janelle tied to the posts, her legs opened wide, her labia slick with fluids and him between her legs with one hand on his stiff c*ck and the other in her hair, pulling her face close to his for a kiss.

He turned away, the memory abruptly fading as another took its place: Sophie looking up at him, her eyes at half-mast and her face flushed with the crimson tide that foretold her orgasm.

Hard on the heels of that thought was a surge of anger. She had lied to him, she had given him a false name and he wasn't sure why. Even if it had anything to do with her spotting the Creeper it was odd, she had to have trusted him, and she knew damn well he was not the killer.

Janelle and John stood quietly while he gave orders. Forrester had vanished; his ability to do so was almost uncanny. Kane was relieved because he didn't want to have to give the man some makeshift type of work to keep him out of their hair.

***

The sun lent a burnished glow to the rooftops and the people walking home after a day at work all seemed exhausted. The tourists had thinned out, Sophie knew the theatres would be packed later but some of the streets seemed to be almost eerily quiet as she made her way home.

She paused at a crosswalk and her gaze flickered to the building opposite her and her heart dropped into her belly. Kane stood there, his head angled down to hear the words the beautiful blonde woman he was standing next to was saying. They were standing very close together, neither of them paying very much attention to the rest of the world around them.

Tears erupted from her eyes, startling her into movement. She whirled around and dashed back down the narrow street; intent on getting away she was oblivious to the stares of other pedestrians.

Kane looked up just as she disappeared down a corner so he never saw her there. Janelle asked, "Do you want to grab some dinner before we get back to work John?"

John, standing slightly behind the two said, "I saw a diner a few blocks down. I could use some coffee and a meal."

"Great," Kane said. "Me too, that diner makes really great omelets and home fries, if you like them."

"I do," John said, a grin creasing his face as the three of them made their way back down the street," My doctor hates them though. He swears they will be the death of me."

"He must not know what line of work you're in," Kane joked, making them all laugh.

Sophie was not laughing. She raced into her apartment and slammed the door. Sassy came to her and she picked the warm bundle of fur up and held her close, her tears soaking into Sassy's coat. "I don't even know why I'm crying," she sobbed out, "He was just some guy I met!"

But that wasn't true and she knew it. There was an aching hollow feeling inside her rib cage and she could not stop weeping for a long time.

***

It was after nine and Kane wondered if Sophie had to work early the next morning or if she were out. He stood outside her door and raised his hand to knock, paused, lowered it and then raised it again a bit sheepishly. He wanted to see her, he wanted to talk to her and he wasn't sure why he felt so driven to do so.

Sophie peeked through her peephole and her hand went to her mouth. Her eyes darted around the apartment; it was pin neat as usual. She looked down at the flannel pajamas pants and sloppy tee shirt she wore and she spun around, poised to run to the bedroom to change. Then anger took over, how dare he show up on her doorstep? He probably expected that she would just let him in and f**k him! Color hit her face as she realized she wanted him to do just that.

He was turned toward the stairs, about to leave and when he heard the click of the locks he felt his heart beat a little faster but the sight of her face: Tear swollen and angry made him bite back the words he had been about to say.

"Can I help you?" She asked haughtily.

He opened his mouth to say something then he saw the madly cavorting purple ducks on the bright orange pajama bottoms and he forgot what had been about to roll off of his tongue.

"Nice pajamas," was all he could manage.

"Maybe the blonde you were with today is waiting for you in something more seductive," she snapped, her hand coming up to slam the door.

"What blonde?" He yelped as the door closed on his hand, then he batted it open.

"The one you were with!"

"Janelle?" He shook his head, "Where the hell did you see her? Why are you so angry?"

"Why are you here?" Sophie countered.

"I wanted to talk to you. I'm sorry if this is a bad time."

"Talk about what and why don't you go talk to Janelle?"

Kane was utterly perplexed. He had never had a woman slam a door on him before, nor had he ever seen a woman look so adorable in such ugly garments, he honestly wondered if he would go blind by just looking at the oddly contrasting colors she had on.

"Janelle is likely in her hotel room sifting through crime scene photos with John. I have had enough of that case for one day. I wanted to talk to you, I wanted to see you...shit I have no idea why..." anger flashed through him and he turned to leave.

"Wait!" Sophie took a deep breath. "I'm sorry. It's just that I don't...do...that...a lot. With people, I mean with other people, not that I do it without people...er...."

Her obvious embarrassment broke the tension. "May I come in?" Kane asked and she nodded, stepping back to allow him entrance to her apartment. "You have a lot of room here. This is a Pre-War place; they're hard as hell to get. Did you knock off a listing agent or something?'

Sophie actually laughed at that one. "No. My ...Susan...I had a friend and she wanted to move here. We wanted to move here. We had a plan and everything but she..."

"She died."

Sophie blinked. "How did you know?"

"You gave me a fake name. You used her ID at the club, you two look a lot alike, or you did in the beginning. I was going over your report and ...well I checked it out."

Sophie patted the deep recliner nervously, "Do you want to sit down? I have some coffee if you want a cup."

"That sounds great."

He watched her making the brew, she seemed less nervous when she was working and when she brought it to him she served to him in a way that was telling and she did it without asking. The cup sat on a small saucer, the handle turned toward him. She had put just enough cream into it and he took an appreciative sip before asking, "Do you want to talk about it?"

She did. That surprised her; she had never felt the need to tell her secrets. Sitting down on the other chair she reached for Sassy, who gave her a wounded look and jumped up on Kane's lap instead. Kane gave the pooch a few pats and she settled down, shooting her owner a satisfied glare.

"Susan was my sister. Foster sister. We ended up in foster together, at a home that belonged to a preacher and his wife. They were the kind of people that had two faces - one for the public and their true face, one that was darker than anyone would ever believe."

The way her lips thinned told him the rest, that and the knowledge of Susan's downward spiral but he sat quietly, waiting to learn how much she trusted him.

"Susan got the worst of it, she wanted to protect me. She did protect me. She...she had been in homes like that before and she was, this sounds so wrong but she was hard even then. Please don't take that to mean she was ..."

Words failed her. Kane reached for her hand and she looked down at his long elegant fingers, surprised by the gracefulness and strength of them. She knew he understood what she was trying to say so she took a long breath and went on.

"When he came into our room she would throw herself at him, she used to pretend she liked it so he would leave me alone. It didn't always work, but sometimes it did.

"We were both working and plotting to get the hell out of that place, to move here. Then she...our foster father came for a visit one afternoon while I was at work. It seems he decided our leaving was not going to stop him from seeing her. She fought him, hard, but it didn't stop him."

She paused for a moment but knew that if she wanted to explain her life to him she dared not stop for too long, otherwise she'd never have the guts to continue.

"He stole whatever dreams she had because if he could touch her...hurt her, even though she believed she was finally free of him, then she felt she had nowhere to hide. I think she just gave up entirely. After that day, she got into the drugs, then the prostitution. She was running away from it all and I knew it. I tried so hard to help her. I wanted her to be whole and happy. This apartment was like our Mecca, well, not this particular apartment but the city. She would get clean and then it would all go wrong. One Sunday morning I found her on the floor in front of the TV watching the broadcast from our foster father's church. She was laughing hysterically and singing. She had a knife and her arms were hacked all to pieces. I think I knew then that she was never going to recover. I tried to get her to move then, she wouldn't and I couldn't leave her. I love her, and I owe her...owed her."

Swallowing, she inhaled sharply before squeezing her eyes shut in a forced attempt to continue on.

"I knew she needed more help and I didn't do anything. Don't tell me not to feel guilty; I know how I failed her. If I had just been willing to go with her, to drag her into counseling she might have gone. I was afraid to do that because I didn't want to have to confront my own past. After she died I decided it was time to go. She even encouraged me then, she left me a note." Her lips curled into a thin smile. "I found this place out of sheer luck. The couple it belongs to took a missionary posting. I hate to say I was not above using my years in the church to help forward my application."

"It must have been hard for you to lose her."

"It was."

Silence spun out between them for a few minutes. Finally Kane spoke, "Why did you use her name at the club and a fake one for the report?"

"I don't really know. Too many years spent living in the system makes me suspicious I suppose. I'm sorry about that."

"It's okay, I knew where you lived."

Sophie chuckled. "Would you like more coffee?"

"No, I should go."

He held the saucer and cup out to her, she reached for it. Their fingers met and electricity sparked between them. Goose pimples rose along her arms and she heard the long inhale of her own breath. Their eyes met and held.

Kane knew he should leave. Sophie was everything he had been waiting for, her beauty and her natural tendency to serve, her feistiness, it all made her incredibly appealing. With that thought he remembered the reason why he had left the Bureau.

He stood, intending to leave. He knew if he stayed he would never let her go, he wanted her that badly. "You're a cop and she will never be happy living the life of a cop's wife," he told himself sternly.

Sophie set the cup on the table and took one step closer to him. His black hair drew her attention and she raised a finger, stroking it lightly along the coarse and short strands. He reached up, running his fingers along the nape of her neck before tangling them into her thick black hair.

He jerked her face forward none too gently and she started then opened her mouth eagerly. Her n**ples tightened and wetness soaked into her panties. He plundered her mouth, his tongue probing every corner and crease. Her eyes closed and she slumped against his hard and strong body, surrendering to him totally.

"Do you trust me?" At her nod he asked, "Are you very fond of what you're wearing?"

"Huh? No, they are just warm is all."

"Good," an impish and devilish grim creased his sensual lips. "Wait here."

Sophie heard him rattling around in her kitchen drawers but she was not sure what it was he had in mind until he came back holding a knife. Fear exploded into her bloodstream and she had to fight the urge to run. Kane went to her window, yanked the drapes aside and then came back to where she stood.

"Close your eyes," he commanded.

It was a struggle and every part of her resisted. Ingrained fear and experience told her to fight, to flee, and to resist but she couldn't. She took one long breath and closed her eyes. Darkness, tinted by red, surrounded her. She held her breath, waiting for his next move.

Kane knew exactly how hard she had just fought. Passion ignited in him, as did another stronger emotion. He took a small step toward her and ran one finger along the curve of her pale cheek, feeling her shiver under his fingertips.

He kissed her ear then he reached for the collar of the shirt she wore.

Sophie moaned as the shirt bunched against the back of her neck. A long purring sound made her knees go weak, she understood that he was cutting her shirt off but it was not until cool air caressed her bare br**sts that she realized exactly what that meant. The blade rested against her aureole, making her tremble and pant. Her p**sy grew wetter and she felt slightly dizzy.

"Good girl," Kane said and the knife sawed into the waistband of her pajama bottoms.

Adrenaline rocketed through her, her eyes flew open and she screamed: a short sharp burst of sound as the halves of her pajama bottoms fell to her feet. She stared down at them, then up at his face, tracing the hard planes of his cheekbones and the small patches of silver at his temples.

Her hands came up, a protective gesture, and she cupped her own br**sts. Her face flamed as she realized what she was doing and she dropped her hands again.

Kane spent a few moments surveying her body, appreciating her curves and softness. Her panties showed a noticeably damp spot that made his c*ck stiffen even more. His balls were tightening, making him aware of just how much he wanted to f**k her. He set the knife on the table and grabbed the flimsy panties. He ripped them, a sudden and violent rending that left her soaked and moaning. She had no idea of what else was going to happen and she didn't care, she literally ached all over with need.

Kane took his own clothes off and she sighed with pleasure at the sight of his lean muscular body and hard prick. She went to her knees and that surprised her, it was not something she was normally inclined to do. Kane read her intentions and instantly he positioned himself in front of her, using a handful of her hair to help guide her face to his dick.

She subsumed his hardness, sucking him into her throat and then using her tongue to tease him. Kane gasped and bucked his h*ps into her face, her talented tongue swirled along the shaft and across the taut helmet, and drawing drops of pre come from him. She bobbed her head and applied even more pressure, tightening her lips around him so that he was being sucked down a tight and heated tunnel. The sensations were incredible and he groaned, digging his fingers deeper into her scalp.

Sophie pulled away, her breath coming in short bursts as she bent her head lower, licking at his heavy sack, wetting the fine black hair that surrounded his groin with her saliva. When his balls began to tighten and move upward she took them both into her mouth, sucking and licking them.

"Shit," Kane growled out as he forced her away. He would have liked to have let her suck his c*ck until he came in her mouth but he needed to control the scene, wanted to see her begging for her own pleasure.

He dragged her over to the windows and pressed her against the chilled glass. Her n**ples hardened until they almost ached as he cupped the round firm globes of her ass in his hands and began to knead them. When he slid a finger up and inside her she cried out, her cheek resting against the window and one of her eyes staring helplessly at the lit but blind covered windows of the apartment across the street. What if someone saw her? That thought made her come, a small and almost imperceptible orgasm that was wholly involuntary and only served to whet her appetite.

Kane felt her folds tighten and contract. Slick fluid slid down his finger and he smiled, pleased by her reaction. "You like being on display, don't you?"

"Yes." She did. She had no idea why but she liked it a lot.

Kane forced her legs open and his fingers up to her clit. He circled the hard bud with those fingers, making her grind against him and the glass. Her fluids left a smear on the pane, not that she noticed. The sill was low; it cut into her shins and made small sparks of pain there.

Kane reached up, twisting her n**ples almost cruelly and making her cry out. He continued that for a few moments, raising her adrenaline and desire higher with each passing second.

When he knew she could not take much more without coming, he drew back and said, "I want you to walk over to the couch, lay belly down over the arm of it and wait for me."

She did. At first she felt silly. She had to wriggle around a bit to get comfortable and when she was, her ass was lifted high in the air and her feet were barely touching the floor. Her belly was at an angle and she could not turn her head to see what he was doing.

Kane took the belt out of the loops of his pants and used it to bind her arms together. The sensation of being helpless made her squirm with pleasure. His nails raked down her calves ever so lightly then he began to spank her ass. Sophie closed her eyes, letting herself drift away on the cloud of feeling brought on by the pain.

He forced her legs apart and used two fingers to open her tunnel to him. When his fingers were liberally coated with oil he spread the liquid up the seam of her a**hole then blew on it. Sophie bucked and arched, her p**sy throbbing as he repeated the procedure: slapping her warming ass cheeks, plunging his fingers in and out of her dripping slit, spreading the wetness and letting his hot breath play against it.

"Do you like that?"

"Yes!"

He kneaded her ass cheeks, enjoying the feel of the warmed flesh under his hands. She shrieked into the couch cushions as he ran the head of his c*ck along the seam of her channel, rubbing it hard against the entrance but not entering her just yet.

"That feels so good," Sophie whispered. "Please I want you to...to...to f**k me."

Kane knew how hard it had been for her to get that out of her mouth. As a reward he slid an inch into her and ran his finger along the seam of her a**hole, pressing against the tight ring of muscle there for a moment. Then, to be perverse, he pulled out.

Sophie ground her teeth together as he teased her, again and again. The third time he entered her he plunged most of the way in and her p**sy stretched to receive him. She began to weep with frustration when he withdrew but he grabbed her hair and thrust back into her again, slamming all the way inside her.

Waves of pleasure crested and broke as his c*ck slid along her tight walls and created friction there. Sophie's cl*t rubbed along the sofa cushion, making her beg for release. "Please can I come? Please can I come Kane? I'll be good..." she wasn't sure why those words were tumbling out of her mouth and she didn't care, she only knew that they were the right words, the only words and she used them.

Kane wanted to come. His balls were high and tight to his body and he was biting his lip in an attempt to stave off that orgasm but he knew it was a lost cause, she felt so good and the decadence of the pose, the words she was using to entreat him, it was all so incredibly sexy that he had to relent. "Yes you can come, come right now on my cock."

Her orgasm was his undoing. She tightened around him, creating a nearly unbearable tightness for a moment, then she expanded and her juices spilled from her, running down her thighs and smearing his groin too. His own come spilled form him: thick white pearls that leaked down the inside of her thighs as he withdrew.

He cuddled her, she wrapped her arms around him, her head on his chest and his heartbeat loud in her ear. "I wanted to f**k you while you were against the window but I was afraid that would have been going too far."

"I would love that!" Sophie blinked at her own response, then she blushed. "I mean...do you think I'm easy?"

"No. I think you are perfect."

"Would you mind if I stayed the night?"

"No, I would like that very much." She did want him there too. They got up and went to her small bedroom. She pulled down the sheets and covers on the other side, the side that was usually cold and waited until he got into bed. "Is there anything else you would like?"

"I would like it if you called me Sir."

Sophie blinked. "Sir?" The word felt right, it suited him somehow so she said it again. "Would you like anything else Sir?"

"Yes, I would like for you to come to bed."

She got in. His skin was warm and she buried her face in his chest, holding him tightly. "I like this," she said drowsily.

"Good, because I do too."

"The woman at the club, she was on a leash..."

"Did you like that?"

"I'm not sure. I liked the way she looked up at the man she was with."

"She's collared to him. That means he's her Dominant and she's his submissive. She obeys him and serves him. He's the head of the house in every way. The collar she wears signifies that relationship."

"Do you want a relationship like that?" Sophie asked in a small voice.

"Very much but it's not easy to have a D/s relationship. It takes a lot of trust. As a Dominant I have to know I have the responsibility of making sure you are safe, that you are cared for and that you are loved. It's up to me to make the decisions, and then to stand by them. As a submissive you have to know that you are giving up control to someone else and you have to be willing to trust them with everything you have, every secret every hope, every moment of your life. Do you think you could do that, submit that way? Could you believe that every decision I made was for your own good and trust me to care enough about you to not question that I want what is best for you?"

"I ..." something inside her, something that had waited for so very long to be recognized, broke free. "Yes, yes I could."

"Then we have a lot to talk about."

"I'm looking forward to it," Sophie said and then promptly fell asleep.

***

The Creeper did not sleep. He stood in front of the trophy case, staring at the heads. Every once in awhile he muttered something mostly unintelligible. An apple pie sat on a long wooden table near his left arm, he shoved chunks of it in his mouth occasionally, mumbling through the crumbling pastry and sweetly spiced fruit. His latest victim stared at him, her blue eyes wide and her ponytail hanging too low and loose.

He giggled as he tossed a glob of pie at their faces. It struck Jenna, oozed down the side of her cheek and clung to her jaw before falling with a wet plop.

He scratched at his neck, his eyes going to the boxes piled neatly to one side of his trophy case. They all had labels: Morgan's clothes for summer, Morgan's winter clothes, wedding photos, et cetera. He stuffed more pie in his mouth, angry all over again.

The anger snapped him out of his dull and listless state. His eyes went to his watch and he swore. He had to get to work, even a serial killer needed a paycheck it seemed.

***

The next morning Kane realized he had left his cell phone at Sophie's house. He grabbed the phone at his desk and called her. She agreed to bring the phone to the precinct, saying she was going to be taking Sassy out for a long play date at Central Park anyway.

"Could you take a bus? I need it fairly fast."

"I could drive up. That way I wouldn't have to carry Sassy." She didn't particularly want to add that she was very sore from the hard f**king of the night before but his chuckle let her know he knew that fact without her saying it.

"That would be great." He hung up and opened the files on his desk, trying to ignore Forrester, who slouched in just as he hung up and tossed himself into his chair.

The man looked terrible. Dark circles under his eyes and a slight tremor in his hands made Kane wonder if the man drank. It would not shock him, a lot of cops did. And no wonder. Still, if Forrester's drinking had gotten to the point that he was deteriorating, and he certainly seemed to be, he needed to be told about it. It would be better to hear it from...that gave Kane pause, he didn't know of anyone that considered Forrester a friend. As far as he could tell the detective never socialized, never went to the bar the rest of them sometimes frequented. He decided to file that away for another day, he had enough on his plate.

John came in, "Have you seen Janelle?"

"No, not since I left you two last night. She's very thorough, she's likely gone back to one of the crime scenes."

Forrester said, "I'm sure she's hanging around somewhere," in an angry tone that took Kane a little bit aback. He could see John was surprised by it too. Hostility toward the FBI from local officers was common, the flat out rage in Forrester's words was a little over the top.

Kane watched Forrester walk away, "I'm sorry John. The guy, supposedly was once a good cop. Or at least that is what it seems everyone says when he pulls this shit. Personally I ma out of excuses for him."

"No worries, let's go back over the last killing."

They opened the files and bent to work.

***

Sophie got out of the car. Sassy barked and wriggled inside her little tote as they mounted the stairs and she hushed her, saying, "I got you now, you give up."

A man standing at the cart of the vendor next to the steps, buying a cup of coffee, gave her an odd and startled look, she didn't see it.

It was her, she had seen him and she was going to go into the police station and tell everyone he was outside. The Creeper knew that was crazy, he had been disguised and she had not seen his face. But there she was, and she had just said she recognized him. He stood there, watching her walk up the steps for long seconds. His heart stuttered inside his chest and he walked off, the coffee forgotten. The vendor yelled at him but he ignored him, he was locked on her. She wore a red skirt and a plain white blouse. Her legs were long and tanned and her waist was trim. Her black hair hung in a cloud down her back and he had the oddest sensation...

"Morgan!" he yelled.

Sophie heard the shout but ignored it, someone was yelling for someone but she had no idea of who it was or why they were calling for them. She could see Kane, he was in conversation with another man. He lifted his head and she raised a hand to wave at him. An odd expression crossed his face, he got to his feet, running to the narrow metal railing that surrounded the area where he worked.

"Down!" he was yelling. "Get down!"

Something whined past her ear. She stopped, confused and suddenly afraid. Kane was running, running for the stairs and there was another popping sound, a pain in her shoulder and then people were screaming and running, someone pushed her. Her knees scraped against the cold linoleum floor as she went down. Sassy spilled out and Sophie forgot her own pain, terror hit her at the thought that her precious pet could be trampled by the running feet.

Fingers tangled in her hair and she was yanked to her feet. Sassy ran under a desk and she reached for her, her fingers straining. She could not comprehend was what was happening.

"Let her go!" Kane yelled. He held a gun, Sophie saw, a very big gun. The barrel looked immense and she began to cry, understanding seeping through her. She had somehow been taken hostage.

Kane could not believe the odd turn the day had taken. Sophie was shot and bleeding, he could see the red stain on the shoulder of her blouse. He knew it wasn't a fatal wound, but that didn't mean she couldn't bleed out at some point. Forrester, Forrester, was behind her, his eyes blazing with madness.

"You lied on the police report," Forrester said in her ear, making Sophie wince as his foul breath blew across her face, "You gave the wrong address. I came to kill you but you weren't there. That's a crime, you know, lying to the cops."

"Let her go." Kane said as he walked toward them, his eyes surveying all of the possible angles. Forrester had backed himself and his captive into a small area near the door. Other prisoners screamed and howled, cops stood about with guns drawn: their faces both confused and determined. Nobody really knew what to do, Forrester was one of them. Or was he? Nobody was certain of what was going on.

"It's too late for that." Forrester said. He yanked her arm and Sophie screamed in pain. From under the desk Sassy howled. He kept her in front of him until they cleared the doorway, then he yanked her around, shoving her out and down the stairs. People saw them coming and scattered, she had the confused glimpse of traffic and the buildings opposite before he shoved her against her car and demanded the keys.

She had forgotten she still held them; he yanked them from her hand, shoved her into the car and squealed out into traffic, hitting bumpers as he went.

Kane ran behind the car, he was afraid to try to shoot out the tires and terrified not to. Pedestrians crossing the street ran in fear as Forrester plowed through a red light and he holstered his weapon and ran back to the precinct.

"Where do you think he took her?" John asked.

"He has a place here in the city but it's an apartment, somebody get me personnel on the phone!" Kane yelled. His heart was pounding; all he could think about was Sophie's terrified face as she was dragged away. Please don't let him kill her, he thought, please don't let him kill her.

"He used to have an apartment in the city, now he has a house out in Queens," one of the other cops said. "He grew up in it. He moved out of the apartment after his wife left. We never heard the whole story, just that she was gone, to tell you the truth none of us ever saw her anyway."

"She left?" John asked, his gaze sharpening.

"Well yeah, that's when he went all to hell you know. He used to be..."

"A good cop, yeah we've heard that." Kane interjected.

"Right but Morgan, that was her name, she bailed, he came in one day and that is just what he said-she bailed on him. I don't think he wanted the divorce."

"And nobody thought to ask around about the wife?"

"Hell she never came around. She never hung out with the other wives or came to barbecues because she was always doing something else. She hung out with some whole artsy crowd."

"When did she leave?"

"About five years ago. In fact it was exactly five years ago last month."

"That would have been the trigger. I am willing to bet that she didn't leave at all, I would put money on him killing her." John said to Kane, to the other cop he said, "I need to know where the house is."

***

"You know I never meant to hurt you Morgan. I just wanted you to stop packing, I have no idea why you wanted to leave me. I took good care of you, gave you everything you needed. Hell I even joined that damn swingers club for you. Only you weren't interested in swinging really, you were interested in sleeping with as many other women as you could. You found a bunch of other women who were looking for the same thing and you all got together and laughed at me, didn't you? You and your girlfriends, you laughed at me. But I fixed them, I bet they never laugh at anyone else ever again."

Sophie had no idea what the man driving her car was talking about but instinct told her not to say anything. Her shoulder ached furiously and she was slightly dizzy. The car crashed around corners, slinging her in turns against the door and against his body. Revulsion filled her every time she came in contact with him.

"You met that damn Jenna and she introduced you to the others. It was a nice little group of women who liked women, no boys allowed. I bet you told them all how I couldn't perform with those other women when you made me swap for the night. I hated those damn parties, my keys in a bowl and you standing there looking like you wanted to jump every man in the house. Any man but me. I was your husband!"

His fist smashed out, slamming into her jaw. Dark spots danced in front of her eyes and she retched.

Susan had told her a story once, about a guy that had dragged her into an alley and tried to rape her. She had bitten him, bitten his hand until he bled. Desperate she did the same thing Susan did. She choked when his oily flesh touched her lips but she bit down anyway.

He screamed in pain and she grabbed the door handle, intending to go out of it. He snatched her back, ripping hair from her scalp. He slammed her head into the door, knocking her unconscious.

***

"We have to get there fast, "Kane said as he shrugged into Kevlar. An entire team was already dispatched, cops from Queens were on their way to the house but he had a sinking feeling they would be too late. The helicopter was waiting, it belonged to the news channel-the station had agreed to loan it since it was far closer than anything they could have gotten to.

"We're going to bring her back." John said softly, "Relax."

"I am relaxed." Kane shot back but his jaw was so tightly clenched the word came out strangled and nearly muffled.

"One mistake and she's dead. Put your emotions aside Kane. Think it all through."

Kane knew that John was giving him the best advice there was and he forced himself to slow his breathing, to concentrate as they climbed aboard the unwieldy chopper and began to rise into the sky.

***

Sophie woke up to darkness. Her head ached and her jaw felt swollen and numb. She touched fingers to her forehead, they came away sticky and she knew that what she felt was blood.

Lights snapped on and she looked up. Screams of horror ripped from her mouth. The heads all stared at the door, at the man standing next to it. He wore a long and ridiculously frilly apron over his suit, and held a long machete in his right hand.

Pity overtook horror and fear. The faces of the women in the cold shelves of the refrigerator had been posed behind the glass door so that the maniac who had killed them could see them, so that they would have to see him.

One of the heads was noticeably more frozen, ice crystals hung from the nostrils and black hair held shards of glass and beads of condensation. Sophie knew that had to be the Morgan he had been speaking to on the hellish drive to wherever he had taken her.

Worse, one face she recognized, it was the woman she had seen Kane talking to the day before on the corner. How could he have done it? Icy tendrils of fear slid down her spine as he came closer, his eyes focused on the faces of the women he had murdered but the machete held tightly in his fist.

"It all changed." He said. "All I ever wanted was to have a family; to raise a couple of kids but you, you were never happy. You hated the neighborhood; you wanted to live in the city so we moved. You were bored being a cop's wife so you took classes, and all they taught you was that you were cut out for more than a life as a cop's wife. You were never happy, no matter what I did, no matter what I gave you."

Sophie flinched. Forrester's voice began as a self-pitying whine and grew into a rage filled shout. Glass rained down on her face and she shut her eyes, her hands going automatically to her face. Breaths of white vapor escaped the glass-fronted freezer from the gaping hole his fist left in one door. Sophie could not even think, she was certain she was about to die.

The door caved in and she screamed as cops swarmed in, Kane in the lead.

"Let her go Forrester."

Forrester laughed; a singularly ugly sound that bounced off of the white painted walls. "I don't want to."

"You used to be a good cop...you know you don't have to do this." Kane said in a calm tone, trying his best to figure out a way around the crazed man and to Sophie. He refused to let his eyes go to her, he had seen her battered face very clearly when he had come through the door and he couldn't afford the emotions that would be sure to come up if he saw it again. He could not afford to get pissed off; if he did it would likely cost her life.

"Spare me the spiel," Forrester said, "We both know there's nowhere to go from here. They aren't going to hand me my retirement and just let me slip away to Arizona or wherever it is us worn out old dinosaurs go these days. It was Arizona, that was where we, Morgan and I, were going to settle down after I retired. Scottsdale, it's a nice place. Fuck the snow, f**k the city." He laughed then, a jagged little spike of sound that held hysteria and insanity.

"You can let her go."

"She cheated on me with those bitches. Well, not those ones. I don't remember why I killed them. Isn't that a hoot? I don't remember at all, maybe they just showed up in their dancing shows at the wrong ball." He hummed and shuffled in place for a moment in a grotesque parody of dancing with a partner.

"That blonde haired FBI bitch, I killed her just because she was uppity. She thought she had it all figured out too, right up until the minute I killed her."

Kane said, "Sophie, come here," in a dead calm voice. He held out one hand, hoping the brief fugue would last long enough for her to get clear. He wanted to kill Forrester. He had seen Janelle's head in the freezer and the shock of that, coupled with the fact that Sophie was in very real danger from the demented cop was wearing him down. He was holding back, trying to keep the other man alive but it wasn't going to happen, he could sense that fact in the air.

"Not so fast!" Forrester squealed, grabbing her by her hair and hauling her to her feet. Sophie could see the expression on Kane's face when she was grabbed and she managed to quiet her own fear for a moment to whisper, "It's okay. I'm okay."

Kane felt a surge of pride at her courage, but that didn't stop him from fearing the worst. He knew he had to do something, and do it soon.

The machete came up and every cop stepped forward but there was nothing they could do, he was too close to her. Kane let his finger rest easily on the trigger of his gun.

"Do you remember when I said trust was what you had to have? That you had to believe that when I told you to do something it was for your own good?"

"Yes."

Forrester snorted out a laugh and the sharp blade grazed her throat, sending a thin trickle of blood down the creamy white column of that delicate flesh.

"Stand still sweetie. Stand very still no matter what."

"You won't shoot!" Forrester yelled, "He'll hit you! He will hit you and not me!"

"I trust you." Sophie whispered and Kane took a long breath.

Forrester raised the machete high, Kane fired. Sophie closed her eyes, unable to look. There was a puff of air across her right cheek and then a long and rattling exhale of air from behind her. Forrester slumped against her, knocking her nearly off of her feet. She came close to being impaled but Kane grabbed her, yanking her upright before she could fall on the gleaming steel of the machete that was still clutched in the fallen man's hands.

"I don't think I will be losing any more pajamas any time soon," she said in a bright voice then she collapsed in his arms, sobs wracking her slender frame.

***

Kane went to the hospital with her. John stayed at the house to help clean up the evidence. Janelle's head had been in the trophy case but her body had been wedged into a small crawlspace under the house. Forrester had lured her in somehow, the best guess they had was that he had told her he would give her a ride to a site, or he had simply kidnapped her Given Janelle's high physical condition Kane was willing to bet he had promised her a ride. He knew the other man would have to deal with the loss in his own way and he hoped it would end well. John Hamm had lost several partners over the years, some people did and his was a high-risk job.

Sitting by her bedside he laughed, as Sophie demanded, repeatedly, that the nurse let Sassy into her room. Finally the woman gave up and allowed the little mutt in. Sassy jumped right out of the hands of the cop who bore her in and landed in the bed with a loud woof and happy snort.

Sophie's wounds weren't serious and she got to go home the next morning, Kane went with her and stayed with her for the next few days. Eventually life returned to normal.

***

Sophie left her class with a grin on her face. She ran into the shop where Geoff and Kane were both waiting and caroled out, "Guess who got an A on her first test?"

"You did," both men said in unison.

"I did!" She hugged them both and asked, "Are you on lunch?"

"Nope," Kane said smugly. "I begged your boss to let you have a day off. I have a surprise for you."

Sassy wriggled out from under a desk and Sophie asked, "How did she get here?"

"I'm going to babysit her." Geoff said. "I plan on reading Charlotte's Web to her."

Kane hustled her out and into his car. The streets were alive with people and color, autumn had come and the windows of the stores were filled with sweaters and boots and coats. They drove past the congestion that was Midtown and eventually got out of the city. Sophie stared at the tall trees and passing scenery until they pulled into a long driveway that ended in front of a restored white house.

"Welcome to Steepletop,"Kane said as he opened her door.

"This is Edna St. Vincent's Millay's house!" Sophie cried as she stepped out into the just chilled air. Leaves drifted from trees in shades of brilliant reds and faded greens. "Why are we here?"

Kane grinned and pulled out a small black box. Inside it was a thin golden collar and a gorgeous ring with a small diamond. "Sophie, I want you to be my submissive for life," he said, "And my wife."

"Yes!" Sophie yelled and he laughed, hugging her tightly.

Sophie closed her eyes, happiness exploding inside her. She opened them again and for a moment she thought she saw Susan standing near an old oak tree but when she blinked she vanished. Kane had her kneel and she did, her face lifted to his as he held the collar out and said, "I collar you. I claim you. You are mine." He placed the collar around her neck and the ring around her finger. She sighed, happily and laid her head on his knee, finally at peace.

