Prologue

Zachary Benson was going to be late. His foot tapped the brake impatiently.

Come on, damn it.

"Finally," he muttered as the vehicle in front of him passed through the gate. When he lowered his window, frigid air filled his rental car. The south, his ass. It was too damn cold this year...everywhere.

"Good afternoon," the guard at the gate drawled.

Zack smiled, giving the older man a token nod and handing him the ID. The guard turned the card over and studied it. The secret to life isn't there! As the gate rose, Zack held his hand out and fell just shy of tearing it from the gatekeeper's hand before he took off.

Elena was leaving any minute. Against his advice, she'd joined the Army. Then she'd gone to med school. Now, she was on her way to one of the most dangerous places in the world.

When she'd called, elated by her own news, it hit him, hard. He couldn't imagine the thought of her leaving without being able to tell her...

What? He cared? He loved her?

She might laugh in his face. There had never been anything romantic between them before. He'd always been just a friend, her brother's best friend, practically a member of the family.

He pulled into the parking lot. There were families everywhere, loved ones left behind. He knew her family hadn't come this far. He pulled into the first open parking spot and checked his watch. 13:12.

He ran.

"Excuse me." He worked his way through the small crowd until he was stopped short by an MP when he reached the blacktop of the runway. He scanned the line of soldiers entering the plane and searched for a sign of the familiar, dark bun at the back of her neck.

All of the soldiers looked the same. He'd heard it said by his friends and family when they'd come to see him for official stuff. Now, he believed it. Zack squinted against the glare of the midday sun and shaded his eyes with his hand.

God, there she was, talking with one of the other soldiers. Zack caught a glimpse of her profile, confirming it was her. The cheekbones, the perfectly shaped eyebrows over large brown eyes. The full lips. And she laughed at something as they spoke. Happy. There was no other way to describe her. He knew the feeling. The anticipation and love of doing something bigger. She took the first stair, turning halfway around to respond to the man behind her.

And then she was gone. Followed into the fuselage by three more soldiers. The last one gave a glance toward the crowd at the edge of the airfield and waved.

Zack's throat tightened. His arms felt like lead, heavy at his sides. The burn of anger filled his stomach. You idiot!

What a fool he'd been to wait so long. He'd always thought there would be another day, another chance. Better than anyone else, he should know that wasn't always true. Stupid.

The door to the plane closed, sealing within it a part of himself he'd never acknowledged before. His heart. He shoved his hands into his pockets, hunched his shoulders against the wind coming off the tarmac, and turned back to his car.

One year. Could he wait that long?

Now, he didn't have a choice.

Chapter One

Dear Lena

Two months, three days, and six hours until you come home. (No, I'm not counting)

Yesterday, I walked past the school and was reminded of the first time I saw you. You might not remember because you were scolding some bully for picking on a little kid. I always wondered what set you off. You were bigger than life, dark hair flying, mouth running, in Spanish! I had no idea what you were saying, but it didn't matter, I think that's when I first fell in love with you...

Elena Rodriguez dropped the well-worn letter into her lap and stared out the tinted window, her stomach twisted into knots. No matter how many times she read it, nerves crept up on her. She didn't even know who wrote the letter-letters. Thirteen of them, one for every month of her deployment and another for her birthday. What kind of crazy person expected her to meet him, on Christmas morning no less. If he knew her at all, he'd know she was going to church with her family first thing.

"Ay," she growled under her breath. The passenger next to her shifted, looking at her with a questioning frown. Lena cleared her throat and smiled. "Sorry. Just thinking."

When she found out who had made her fall in love with him without even telling her his name, she was going to kick his butt...and maybe love him back. She could hope, and maybe she'd find something like her parents had. Strong and enduring.

Cold air washed over her as she stepped off the bus into Northern California's December mist. The driver pulled her army-green duffle from the cargo bay and set it on the ground at her feet. Her name was stenciled on the side with the last four digits of her social. "Thank you for your service."

She smiled and shook the hand he offered. "Merry Christmas, sir."

"Welcome home," he added, then waved before driving off.

"Lena!" An oh-so-familiar voice rang across Raley's parking lot, strong and clear-or just plain loud. Heels clattered over the cold cement, and jangling sounds of bracelets filled the air like bells in a Christmas song.

Lena relaxed in her sister's arms, the worry of the unknown falling away. "Maria, girl," she scolded, giving her younger sister a little shake and holding her out to do an initial assessment, "You need a jacket."

"Never mind that. How was your flight home? Did you have to stay long on base before they set you free?" Maria looked her over from head to toe. "You lost weight, too much weight. Oh, but, it's so good to see you."

"I'm just glad to be home. Where is everyone else? No balloons? No band? Not even a roll of ticker tape for my return?"

"Very funny. We know you too well. You would be tempted to use your M16. Come on. Mom says to stop at the church and light a candle. Then we'll go home." Maria hooked her arm through Lena's. "Have you gotten any more letters?"

"He wants to meet." Lena still didn't know what to think of it. A secret admirer? It was weird...yet romantic, too-for a soul as deprived as hers. She hadn't had a date in eighteen months, and that last one...eh, not so good. "Christmas morning."

The answering sigh was expected and familiar-sentimental and romantic Maria. "Have you figured out who it is?"

She threw her bag in the back of the car with a shrug and climbed in on the passenger side. "No. I've thought about it, but in the end, something stops me from really trying. Is it wrong to just enjoy the conversation? He's kind, smart, funny. He likes kids and wants a large family. Of course, I'll have to convince him otherwise about that."

"Ha ha, hermana. You love us." Maria tapped a finger on the steering wheel. "Just one guess, though. You have to have at least one guess."

"You want to gossip," Lena accused with a laugh. Of course she'd thought about it. For twelve months, she'd played a guessing game in her head. "I don't know. If I knew, I might not be so taken."

"So you are attracted."

Lena sat back against the seat and enjoyed the passing neighborhoods. The houses decked in lights and ribbons and wreaths. Christmas had taken over her little town as it did every year. "Remember Manuel from the class above me? He sells insurance now. Perhaps it's him."

"Oh." Maria scowled and gave a thumbs down. "I hope not. I see him at the diner every Thursday night. Too fat!"

Maybe all the good, nice guys who wanted to settle down were happy with themselves just as they were. Love handles wouldn't matter as long as he had a brain and a heart.

"All I know is, you won't go alone, Elena."

Lena shook her head in response. "Good Lord, I don't need an audience to watch me make a fool of myself."

...

"You want to play some golf today?"

Zack finished the coding on his computer screen, typed in a directive, and hit enter. He swiveled around in his chair, grabbing the half-empty beer from the desktop. "You must have me confused with someone else."

"Come on. You've been home for going on seven months now. I'm determined to make a convert of you." Mike Rodriguez had been his friend since third grade when Zack's dad had moved them to Red Bluff. He'd been eight, an only child, and motherless. Living a few houses down from this big, loud, Catholic family had been his saving grace. Especially on those days when his dad seemed to forget he existed.

"Uh, uh. No way. When I feel the need to hit something, I'll go to the gym."

Mike sighed. "Have you talked to Lena?"

Zack stilled in his chair. He'd avoided the topic. She didn't know he was home for good, that he'd ETSed at the start of June. Was he anxious to see her? Hell, yes.

Nerves. Anticipation. It was all sitting in his stomach.

"I haven't. She okay?"

Mike shrugged.

"What?" Zack sat up straighter. Coming down off a deployment wasn't easy on the toughest men. "What happened? Where is she?"

Mike waved off his alarm. "She's fine. No, that's not right-"

Zack blew out a quiet breath and turned back to his desk, trying to look disinterested and resisting the urge to demand an explanation.

"I don't know what it is." His friend hesitated again. "She's got something going on. It's the same but different. You know how girls are, but Lena, she's always been a little smarter, more reserved."

A glance to the right showed Mike leaning against the door, taking a sip of beer. "It's probably nothing," he continued. "She's been going on about some guy."

Zack's stomach tightened with nerves. He looked up from the paperwork, the pen in his hand poised above the list of supplies he'd need this week. "We could form a posse," he joked, knowing what was expected of him.

"Good idea." Mike swallowed the last of his drink and looked around.

"Garbage is in the kitchen." With not much better to do over the last few months, except wait for Lena's return, Zack had taken to cleaning the old place. He never thought he'd be back, living in the house he'd grown up in. There were a few boxes left to go through, but since his dad's move to the retirement community, neither of them seemed interested in digging up old memories.

"I gotta head out. You coming tonight?"

Of course, Lena's homecoming party. "I'll be there."

"Good." Mike tipped his bottle in a gesture of farewell. "I'll catch you later. Hey, maybe we figure out who this guy is, eh? Show him who's boss?"

Adrenaline spiked in his veins, but when Mike laughed, so did Zack. He'd always been as over-protective as Mike. "Yeah, we'll take care of it."

Mike gave him a fist pump and left.

Zack stood and paced the small space behind his chair. Had she met someone? After all this time, while on deployment? Had someone else beat him to the punch?

He rubbed a hand against the back of his neck.

His Christmas morning surprise might take more work than he'd originally thought, especially with another man involved.

Chapter Two

"Well, if not a beer, how about some punch, Laney?"

"No thank-" She placed a hand on Phillip's arm. "Actually, some punch sounds wonderful." A gentle squeeze had his eyes lighting up like her mother's Christmas tree. He was a nice guy. Nice. Over-attentive and driving her crazy, but nice. She wasn't completely unhappy to watch him walk away for even the few minutes it would take to get her a drink.

Lena snuck into the alcove that led to the basement and stood back as family, friends, and even a few strangers took over her parents' home. Exhaustion blurred the edges of the celebration as the last four days of processing and travel caught up with her. She needed five minutes against this wall to get her second wind, because if there was one thing the Rodriguez family knew how to do well, it was celebrate. Holidays, holy days, first communions, weddings, even death. And, since she'd joined the Army, her homecomings.

Food would pour out of the kitchen as if it was the last day on earth. Drink would flow and music would sound through the rafters. She loved it and hated it. The family joke was that she'd joined the Army to be alone. There could be a grain of truth in that.

A hand settled on her shoulder, and she jerked away.

Tall, handsome, blue-eyed Zack Benson raised both hands in surrender. "Whoa. Slow down killer."

Her heart gave one long, slow thud then raced against her will. Lena scowled, more at her own reaction than his. "Oh, it's you."

She gave him a little half-smile before letting her gaze linger on the milling crowd. Zack was a friend, practically a brother-over-protective and off limits. But her heart pounded anyway, which was so wrong. She sighed and gave him a sidelong look.

He had the scruff of a goatee coming in, and his thick, brown hair had grown into the natural curl she'd always wanted to run her hands through. "Time for a haircut, Sergeant?"

They had both joined the Army, Zack out of high school and she five years later after finishing her undergrad. He shrugged then nodded toward her admirer. "If he's bothering you, I could take care of him."

He would notice. He had the eyes of a hawk, never missed a thing.

"You wouldn't," she demanded, horrified at the thought of him running off a potential love match. "You've done enough for me in the past, thank you very much, Zack. I won't have you messing with this, too."

"A love match, eh?" Zack held up a plate of food.

"I didn't say that." But she'd thought it. He knew her too damned well. If she wasn't careful, Zack could ruin her entire Christmas plan with his meddling. Her frown caused a headache right between her eyes. She grabbed a piece of broccoli from his plate and dipped it in the pool of ranch dressing. "Phillip works at the fire department-a detective, and he's very nice. He likes children." As a matter of fact, he has two of his own. That hadn't been in the-

Zack brushed a finger across the paper sticking out of her shirt pocket. Her letter. She covered it with her hand, knocking his away. "Don't." She'd had that letter on her person since October. Proof that someone on God's green Earth wanted her. Only now she was starting to worry that her Prince Charming was Philip.

She tried to ignore the slight zing of warmth his touch left behind. Maybe the doctor was right about needing more rest. She blinked away the touch of lightheadedness and tried to shake the fatigue from her brain.

Zack shrugged. "Just looking out for you, Lena. You look like hell. You need sleep and food in that order, not some idiot who offers you beer when it's obvious you're about to fall over already."

Tears tickled the back of her eyes. She was tired. And irritated by this whole secret game. Chinese torture, that's what it made her think of, and she wanted to scream at the world.

"M'jita, mi amor." Her mother interrupted, coming up to her, putting an arm around her shoulders, and giving Zack a firm look. "Go find something to do besides bother my daughter."

Zack winced, a pained expression on his face. "Lo siento, Anabel." He waited a heartbeat. "Lena."

She watched him walk away, guarding the sad, little part of her heart that had existed since she turned twelve. Carrying a torch for Zack was just as hard as it was annoying to carry this letter around. But she couldn't let the letter go. The words had moved her, seduced her, and curious by nature, she had to know, had to find out the identity of the author.

Phillip strode through the crowded kitchen toward her, and a small moan must have escaped because her mother tisked. "Don't do this to yourself, Lena."

"But, he could be the one, Mama," her voice faltered, and the room spun.

Phillip was standing over her with a punch in one hand and a silly grin on his face. "Laney?"

Elena opened her mouth, irritation warring with Twilight Zone music. She hated that nickname. "Don't-"

The room spun again, and she leaned to catch up with it. "Mom?"

Her mom's lovely face came into sudden, sharp focus. Her lips were moving, but it was as if someone had muted a television.

Mom's beautifully tapered fingers snapped at someone behind her. Funny, she hadn't noticed her mom's nails were painted to match the Christmas tree.

"Pretty..." Lena slipped into the sweet, blessed oblivion of darkness.

...

When Anabel snapped her fingers, Zack moved. Everyone moved.

He didn't mind shoving the love-struck Phillip out of the way, either. Could this be the guy Lena had been going on about? An overseas address for the town's pride and joy could be found in the newspaper... Maybe Zack hadn't been the only one sending her letters.

He caught Lena just as her knees gave out.

"Hey." Phillip countered the move with indignation, and his hand came out to stroke Lena's arm.

An unexpected ball of fury lodged in Zack's throat. He gritted his teeth. "Upstairs?"

Anabel patted Phillip on the arm with a consoling smile and nodded to Zack. "Si. Take her to her room, Zack. I'm sure she's just exhausted. I'll follow you up."

He took the stairs two at a time and turned the corner to the girls' room, his steps quiet on the shaggy carpet.

Lena moaned and moved in his arms.

"Take it easy, babe."

"Oh." The word was drawn out, and she shifted in his arms. "I don't feel good."

Zack changed direction and gently kicked open the door across the hall from the bedroom. Letting go of her legs first, he set her down and lowered her to sit on the edge of the bathtub. She leaned against his leg so that he was stuck.

Bending at the waist, he reached for a hand towel from the rack above the sink, turned the cold water on, and soaked it. He squeezed the thick purple cotton, draining the water.

With one hand full of towel, he placed a hand on her head, and his fingers caught in the soft web of her hair, his breath stopped in his throat. Okay. It's just hair. Really thick, shiny hair, which he shouldn't be touching, because it made him feel an unbelievably tender ache inside. But not just that, he wanted to touch her. He shook the thought from his mind.

"Hey. Come on, Lena." With a hand supporting her shoulder, Zack lifted her weight from his leg and crouched down in front of her. He placed the cold towel in her hand and helped her place it against her forehead for a moment. "How you feeling now?"

She opened eyes still clouded from fatigue and blinked. "A little better. I think."

A knock on the door, and it opened, bumping into his back.

Anabel slipped in and set a glass of water on the counter. "Everyone okay?"

Lena nodded her head. "I think...I just need to lie down for a little while."

"Zack, could you...? I've got Uncle Eddie down there, and he just dumped a pan of chile con carne down the front of the oven." Giving his shoulder a squeeze, she kissed him on the top of the head. "Gracias, mi otro hijo."

Right. The reminder he needed. A son and brother. "No problem. I'll get her settled in."

"I'm not a baby."

Undoubtedly, Zack couldn't help thinking.

"You'll let your family help, young lady," Anabel ordered before she hurried back down the steps.

Lena sighed. "You don't have to do this. I'm really fine now."

"Sure you are. Come on." Zack took her elbow, which she immediately took back, making him want to grin, but he knew better. She stood, only a little shaky, pressed a hand to her stomach, and he led the way to her bedroom. "You're a doctor. You know better than to push the limit."

With a shrug, she crossed the room and pulled open a dresser drawer.

He waited in the doorway. As kids, there never seemed to be boundaries. They'd grown up practically living together. Age had changed that. So had the talking-to Mr. Rodriguez gave him and Mike after a particularly juvenile prank involving a handful of bras.

"What are you smiling about?"

Zack glanced over and froze, knowing he should look away yet not wanting to, either. "Jeez, Lena. Warn me when you're going to start taking your clothes off."

Apparently, the same talk hadn't been given to the women in the family.

"You're crazy. And I'm wearing clothes."

Hardly. The sports bra might be worn in the gym, and the boxers could be considered shorts-he was not going to think about the tantalizing string-like fabric that was riding her hip above them. He cleared his throat. "I should go."

"Hey, would you grab me a blanket from the hall closet before you leave?" She rubbed her arms. Still toned, still lean. She was a runner, and it showed. "It's chilly in here."

Unbelievably tough, strong-willed, and determined, she looked particularly vulnerable standing there. Years ago, when they'd been stationed together, he'd seen her do forty-eight-hour shifts and hardly blink a tired eye. All the worry about her leaving for Iraq came back full force. She would have seen the worst of it in the hospitals. "Sure."

He pulled one of the handmade afghans out of the hall closet, the green and purple one. Noise floated up the stairs. Someone played the guitar, probably Lucas, and laughter was carried on the low murmurings of a dozen different conversations. Zack paused at the top of the stairs, where he could see Phillip putting a coat on. Carlos Rodriguez spoke quietly to the man, shook his hand, and showed him out.

Maybe he was a nice guy.

Maybe.

It was possible he liked Lena. Who didn't?

Zack scowled. Only a jerk would leave just because the guest of honor had disappeared. If Phillip really liked Lena, he'd stay and get to know her family. Shaking his head, he stopped in her bedroom. "Lena."

No response. He unfolded the blanket and covered her. Moonlight shone through the window and spilled across her face. Her eyes were closed, her breathing even. He went to tuck the blanket around her and found the small, folded piece of paper on the bed in front of her, the one that had been in her pocket before.

Pulse pounding, he picked it up and unfolded it. His eyes widened as recognition dawned. One of the letters, this one dated in October. She still has it.

His mind racing, Zack rubbed at the script on the page and read a few lines.

I think that's when I first fell in love with you...

Zack felt a rush of embarrassment heat his neck, but he smiled.

Christmas morning, let's meet at the gazebo in the park.

He'd saved her life there once. Well, saved might be stretching it, but when you're nine, a bleeding head and scraped elbows can seem pretty harrowing.

She's been going on about some guy...

Lightning flashed inside his head as he realized where he'd miscalculated. Heart pounding in his chest, Zack glanced behind him. Dim light filled the hallway, but all was quiet. Slowly, he refolded the paper and slipped it into his pocket.

There was another man alright. It was him.

Chapter Three

"Did you take it, Cat?" Lena crouched on her hands and knees to look under the bed and shuffled through the loose shoes and few storage boxes. "I know I had it in the pocket of my shirt last night."

"That's your first problem, Lena."

Lena rose and leaned on the bed, the frustration eating at her. "What?"

Giving her a quick glance, Catalina leaned toward the mirror above the dresser and applied a liberal amount of mascara. "A shirt with pockets...and a collar and buttons."

Lena frowned. "So. It's my favorite shirt. It's comfortable and has purple and pink pinstripes."

"You lost me at comfortable." Cat slipped the wand into the bottle with a snap and twisted the top. "Honey, it doesn't matter how many love letters this guy sent you. You need to get a little uncomfortable if you want a man to notice."

The youngest of seven and still in high school, her sister Cat, in turn, could be aggravating or cute. This fit both bills.

"I don't need a man to notice me, for crying out loud." An unexpected warmth rose on her neck, and she cleared her throat. "Besides, Phillip didn't care what I was wearing last night."

"Because he's desperate," Cat said, picking up her coat from the chair.

"Hey." Lena didn't usually let her sister bug her. Her brain knew Cat had a lot to learn about life in general, but her heart took that particular punch in a soft spot, and it hurt. She'd spent most of her life in school or the Army, and never had a serious relationship. She knew that made her the oddball. She'd always been outside the norm. Still... "Phillip seemed like a nice guy."

Cat dropped the coat and came around the bed to take Lena in her arms. "I didn't mean that the way it sounded. Not desperate because he likes you." She pulled back and held Lena's shoulders.

Lena almost had to look up. When had her sister gotten so tall? Just like Papi.

"He's got the kids, no wife," she continued. "He needs someone to take care of them."

"Maybe he's lonely, too."

Cat shrugged. "Just be careful. Don't get all wrapped up in his life on a chance he might have written some love letters. There are other resolutions to loneliness."

She'd been hearing the warnings since letter one. Around letter four, she'd hit a wall-lonely, tired, sick-and that letter had been the one thing keeping her head above water. The person who'd written those letters had known exactly what she needed. How?

She didn't know. But even if nothing came from meeting him, she was going on Christmas morning to thank him for being a friend. "I need to find that letter."

"I'll help you look...later. I've got a hot date right now." Cat waggled her eyebrows with an infectious grin. "Todd is taking me to the park, then to the movies, a matinee. Afterward, we're going to eat at Tremonts."

Lena rolled her eyes as she rummaged through her top drawer. She was listening to advice from her high school sister. "That's sweet. Todd's a nice guy?"

"Oh yeah. He's wonderful..."

The pregnant pause made Lena looked up.

"I think we might get married."

"What?" Lena's hands fell into the drawer, lifeless. Married? "Have Mom and Papi completely lost their minds?"

"Well, we're not making plans or anything." Cat blushed. "We're really in love."

Lena gritted her teeth. "I hope so."

Cat disappeared around the corner. "See ya' later."

"Married. Sheesh," Lena muttered. Had she ever been that ridiculous? "Dang it!" Where was that stupid thing? She walked over to the bed and pulled back the covers one at a time. The afghan hit the floor. Sheets, pillows. Nothing.

It could have fallen out of her pocket downstairs.

Maybe it was a sign. God was probably telling her to put aside false hopes, that everyone was right. The letters were stupid.

After throwing on her jeans and a long sleeve t-shirt, Lena found her mom and dad in the kitchen. Mom with a cup of coffee, and Papi with the morning paper.

"Good morning." She crossed the linoleum floor and kissed her mother's cheek. "You're not working, Papi?"

He was rolling the paper as she spoke. He tucked it into his back pocket, kissed her mother, then came around and put an arm on her shoulders. "I'm off now."

Her dad ran the hardware store in town, had been running it for almost forty years.

Lena's heart clenched a little as he left. He looked good, strong. But he wasn't getting any younger, either. She worried. "He's not working too hard, is he, Mami?"

Her mother's pointed look caused her to blush. "Your father is not for you to worry about."

"I can't help it."

"Take care of yourself first, hija. Besides, your father has many more years in him."

Lena sighed. "I know. It's just hard to be away for so long. I feel out of touch. You're sure he's okay?"

"Of course, I'm sure! Would I kid around about our health? No." She shook her finger in Lena's direction. "And how do you feel, any better?"

Lena nodded as she went for a mug and the freshly brewed coffee. "Much better. I slept like a rock and received a few swift elbows in the back for it when I started to snore."

Mom laughed. "It's nice to have you home, mi amor. The house will be filled to the brim again this Christmas."

Every time she was home, she considered getting her own place-a small, quiet apartment so she could veg out. But, she'd only spend her time driving back and forth then wondering what she was missing if she wasn't here.

This was home.

Her older brother Michael was the only one to have ventured out. He'd bought a small house on the south side of town. With Lucas and Jaime in college most of the year, that left Maria, Cat, and Juan living at home. The house could still manage the large family, so when the holidays came about, they all piled together or slept on couches and floors.

"Where's Maria?"

Mom folded the paper twice and left it to go to the fridge. "She's doing the morning shift at the emergency room this week, with two doubles over the weekend so she can have Christmas off."

"Oh," Lena sank into a chair at the table and set her mug down. "She's working long hours all the time?"

"She keeps her social life going." Mami took out a carton of eggs and her homemade tortillas. "I'll make you something to eat."

Her instinct was to refuse. She didn't want her mom doting on her. Hunger beat back that reaction. "I'd love to, let me help. Have you eaten?"

Mom shook her head. "I waited."

Lena took a couple of plates down. Opening the fridge, she found a bag of oranges and pulled two out.

"So," she started hesitantly as she slid the cutting board out of its little cubby hole, "I can't seem to find the letter I had in my pocket last night. Have you seen it?"

Her mom stopped scrambling the eggs and raised an eyebrow. "Hmm. I'm sure it will show up. It couldn't have disappeared."

Lena shrugged, concentrating on slicing the fruit.

"It's just a letter, Lena."

"I know." She'd already accepted that, and the fact that it might have disappeared forever. "There were so many people here last night. It probably got thrown away during the cleanup. I should have put it in my room instead of leaving it in my pocket."

"What happens when you meet this man?"

Good question. "I suppose we'll talk. Maybe I'll invite him to church with the family."

"You think this man who writes love letters wants to talk and then go to church with you?"

It did sound a little ridiculous.

But, Christmas was an unbendable rule in the Rodriguez family. If you were in town, you went to Mass. How could this man claim to know her, but not know that she had plans for Christmas morning?

"Hopefully, when you find the one for you, he will do more than talk."

"Mom!" Lena couldn't stop the giggle.

Her mom gave words to her hope. Head and heart, two different beasts. No one ever fell head over heels for her. In all her adult life, there had never been romantic gestures, long walks, holding hands, tender kisses in the moonlight...or sunlight, for that matter.

Her boyfriends had been just as happy to pal around, never parting with broken hearts, either. Her determination to get through college and become a doctor had pushed those needs aside, and even shoved her straight into a military career.

She sighed. "Maybe it'll be love at first sight."

"God always has a plan for us. Maybe you should consider a nice, quiet single life for the next week. Nothing to be done until you know who has written the letters, anyway, verdad? Now eat, so you can gain some weight."

Lena dug in. Her mom had a way of making things better just by being around. The letter was a bitter loss, but not finding it certainly wasn't going to stop her from going to the park in a week.

The old rotary phone shrilled on the wall behind her. Her heart gave an extra squeeze, and the bite she was going to take stopped halfway to her mouth. Maybe her letter writer?

Mom gave her an I-know-what-you're-thinking look and got up to answer.

Lena took her bite, slowly turning to watch her mom answer the phone.

"Hello." Her gaze found Lena.

Yes. It was for her. Lena's palms turned clammy. Who could it be?

"She's doing quite well this morning. Would you like to speak with her?"

Mami handed out the phone to her. "It's for you."

Lena grinned and mouthed, "Who is it?"

Silently, Mom shook the phone and mouthed right back, "Tomalo."

She stood and took the phone with a shaking hand. "Hello?"

"Hi, Elena. Um, I was wondering...well, how are you?" Phillip. His nervousness came through the line, so sweet and, at the same time, a hair irritating.

"I'm fine. As a matter of fact, I just ate a nice breakfast, and I think I'm ready to go running."

"Oh. Okay. In that case, I won't keep you...but, hey, uh, I was wondering, would you like to have dinner?"

She pierced her mom with a look, her words and advice stuck right where she'd left them, on Lena's conscience-just letters, don't lead him on. If it wasn't Phillip-please not Phillip, ugh. "I'm sorry Phillip. I," she cleared her throat, "I have other plans. And I think it's better if I just hang out with the family for now. Recuperating and all that. Don't want to over-do it."

Excuses. She knew how it sounded, but wanted to be kind, too. "I don't think it's a good idea to lead you on, Phillip. I don't think I'm very good dating material right now."

Phillip was silent for a moment, and Lena had the urge to clear her throat again. She could have let him down in person. Maybe that would have been better. "I'm sorry-"

"Don't be. It's okay. I appreciate your honesty. Maybe another time."

"Yeah," she answered, even though it sounded like the empty promise it was. The worst part? If he wrote the letters, she would have to rethink a year's worth of obsession because when it came right down to it, there was no spark. Love handles notwithstanding, there had to be more passion than irritation. And what did that make her? Shallow? Confused.

All of the above, with the possibility of highly disappointed.

Lena quietly set the phone back on the hook. Her soul felt heavy, and resentment nestled against her heart. Her mom came over and gave her a hug from behind. "I'm sorry, baby."

Shaking her head, Lena broke away. "I'm going to run."

Running cleared her head. When she was running, nothing else mattered.

Right now, she needed a little of nothing else matters.

Chapter Four

Zack worked to keep the excitement hemmed in as he stared at his now silent cell phone. A contract with West Coast Security to develop a program for a company out of Sacramento. It would mean some travel time, but most of the work could be done at home.

Zack clapped his hands and rubbed them together. Back in business. He let his grin go and hollered. He liked the idea of working with a team again. This was what he'd needed to get a fire under him.

Glancing up, a movement outside the window above his desk caught his eye. This really was his lucky day. Lena ran down his street in running pants, a sweatshirt, and sneakers. Her hair was pulled into a ponytail and hung down her back, bouncing with each tread.

A run sounded like a great idea.

At the porch, he pulled on his winter hat and scanned the block. Just down the street, she turned the corner into the neighborhood park. He tied his shoes in record time.

The air was cold and invigorating. A deep breath had him smiling as he took to the street. He'd gotten lazy since being home. He'd feel this workout, no doubt.

Zack tried to start slow and warm up to the idea, but every second it took him to reach that corner was a chance he'd lose her altogether. So he picked up the pace, feeling the stretch in the back of his legs as he took the dirt trail into the park. The trail wound its way through the gently sloping terrain, which was covered by trees along the river.

Lena ran ahead of him by twenty yards or so. Each step closed the distance until he finally came up beside her, elbowed her, and grinned. "Hey."

She stumbled and sucked in a breath. "Sheesh. You scared me." Quickly re-establishing her pace, she peered from the corner of her eye. Suspicious, as usual.

Zack focused on the trail ahead of them. Soon, they were running in rhythm. Neither trying to out-do the other. He liked that about her. Even when they'd been stationed together, her drive hadn't come from proving herself or comparing herself to the male majority.

He, on the other hand, enjoyed the slower pace. A perfect match.

They left the park behind and turned down Main Street, heading back toward her family home. He whistled to get her attention, and when she frowned his way, he nodded toward the cafe. "Coffee?"

She shook her head, her frown becoming a scowl.

"Come on. I'm buying."

Just when he thought she would blow right by the small shop, Lena rolled her eyes and stopped. "You're a distraction, Zack Benson."

The muscles he hadn't warmed up before running ached with renewed fervor at the unexpected halt. He stretched when she did and walked with her, pacing in front of the store to cool down.

"Ready?" He opened the door and let her in. Didn't matter that she'd been running, she still smelled great. Maybe that made him weird, but he didn't care. He took a deep breath as she walked by-florals, a hint of basil, and the sweet scent of woman.

"Mike says you're out of the Army for good."

"Six months now." There were aspects he missed about military life, but the daily grind, no. Deployment had its own set of problems, but he'd have preferred those.

"You got bored, didn't you?"

"Maybe. But it was really my dad who got the ball rolling." Zack stepped up and smiled for the lady behind the counter. "We'll have two coffees, one black and one with two sugars and cream-the heavy kind."

Lena looked surprised, and that irritated him a little. Why shouldn't he remember she liked her coffee sweet and light?

"I guess I did get bored. Seems crazy when I think about it like that. It was never a boring job in the grand scope of things. But in the end, I needed to come home."

"How's your dad doing now?"

"He's hanging in there. Still mostly independent, just...can't keep his head long enough to handle everything."

Lena lifted a brow. "Can't keep his head? Is that what the doctors told you?"

Zack laughed. "No."

After paying with the few dollars from his pocket, he took the coffee and followed Lena to a table in the corner. "Tell me how it was," he asked, not needing to explain he meant her deployment.

"Long," she answered with a shrug.

"Such a talker. You should learn to curb some of that exuberance."

She blushed. "Blah, blah, blah. You know how it is over there. Do we have to talk about it? Let's talk about something else."

"You want to go to Quinn's tonight?" He hadn't intended on asking her out-not that she'd think of it as a date.

She evaded. "You know what I really want?" She touched his hand, as if she didn't know she was doing it.

He held his breath.

"A nice long vacation in the Caribbean, drinks with umbrellas in them, and nothing else. No letters, no funny feelings about those letters or the mystery man who wrote them. I'm fed up with thinking about it. I'm finished." She rested her elbows on the table, and her shoulders relaxed. "Wow. Feels good just saying it."

She had funny feelings?

"So, you've been getting letters?" Zack picked up his napkin and folded it once, then twice. He glanced at Lena, hoping to come off nonchalant.

"Ugh! Don't even start. I am not going over it again. If I have to hear one more time about how silly it is for me to fall in love with a guy just because he writes beautiful letters, I'm going to leave town. Maria's the only one who has any sympathy, but the way she keeps sighing and swooning over it makes me feel like an idiot."

He stared, the coffee forgotten in front of him. His thought process came to a grinding halt. There was even a flutter in that region of his chest, right under his sternum. He cleared his throat, set his coffee down, and opened his mouth to say...what? She fell in love?

"Zack, you're a guy."

He'd had a moment. She hadn't. No problem. He unscrambled his brain. A guy. "Yes," he answered with some hesitation, then grinned. "Thank you for finally noticing."

She stopped, gave him a look, and shook her head with a smile. She pulled her coffee mug into her lap as she sat back, relaxed. She tilted her head and studied him with those dark eyes. Dang, those eyes and the mischievous twinkle in them.

He felt a sigh coming on, which pissed him off a little. What was he? Some little old lady? Or worse, like Maria? But that look said everything. Friends. Compatriots. Pals. Like she was about to tell him secrets she would never tell a lover. Which of course, they weren't...yet.

"We're both very practical."

Maybe. He shrugged. "Okay."

"Why the secret? Why would a guy pull the secret admirer bit on a woman halfway around the world?" She leaned forward again, crossed her legs, and set the coffee back on the table. "Why not just tell her? If I know the guy...don't you think that would only be a bonus for him?"

"Maybe he likes surprises."

But Lena guffawed over that answer. "Please. Surprises are for birthdays or vacations. And this...this is exactly why I've decided to completely forget about the whole thing-"

What? Disappointment slammed into him. "You're not going to meet him on Christmas morning?"

"Oh, my God. You know, too?" Lena rolled her eyes. "Mike told you, didn't he?"

Oops. "Uh, yeah, Mike told me." Shit. If only Mike had said something. Then he wouldn't be lying his ass off. He hated to lie to her, but she had to go to the gazebo. If she didn't go...

"I like surprises," he said. "The good kind, anyway."

"I'm just not sure anymore. This could end up being a very bad surprise, you know?"

"What?" He grabbed her hand. Surprise flitted across her pretty features. He didn't know what else to say. He wanted to surprise her, and for the life of him, he couldn't figure out why. Maybe it was because she'd always been so-like she'd said-practical, even predictable. So smart, most of the romance in life seemed to go right over her head.

"I'm starting to think I've created some kind of Don Juan in my head. No matter what, how can anyone live up to that? I'm-I'm just afraid that whoever is there, I'm going to be disappointed."

"But he could be the love of your life."

"We are not going to talk about my desperate attempt to find someone to love me." But the relaxed Lena was gone, and her frown returned.

The bitter edge to her words struck him, actually pushed him back into his seat. He stared at this beautiful woman with the scowl on her face. "Everyone loves you."

Jeez. He knew her parents would never admit to a favorite, but he'd been around the Rodriguez family his whole life. Carlos adored her, always going the extra mile to get her exactly what she wanted. Anabel could talk an ear off about the wonderful things her daughter had accomplished, being the first family member to finish college, go to medical school. Even her younger sister, Catalina, had stars in her eyes when it came to Lena.

She had the likes of Phillip, and any number of other men, sniffing at her heels.

"That's not what I mean, and you know it," she argued.

He shook his head. "I don't know anything. You've had people-men-lined up, wanting your attention since forever. It's damned annoying is what it is."

Anger sparked in her eyes. She opened her mouth.

"Just because you don't notice it, doesn't mean it isn't happening," he continued. "And I don't care how capable you are, you better be more than careful. You could meet this guy and he could turn out to be a serial killer."

Her mouth snapped shut.

Great way to encourage her to meet you, dumbass.

"You think I'm capable?" she questioned him, and looking at her, he noticed she didn't have the raging fire in her eyes anymore. Now, she just looked hopeful.

"Of course," he answered, leaning forward again and gripping her wrist. Her gaze fell to where his hand touched her arm. He ran his thumb over her pulse point, felt it jump just before she pulled back her arm. She would never see him as more than a brother at this rate. It was obvious she'd never thought of him that way. But if he didn't cross that boundary, he'd for sure never make it to boyfriend or anything else.

"You've always been capable. Oldest girl, bossy as hell, responsible," he continued with a shrug as he lost the steam of his argument and met her gaze. Eyes, as dark as his were light, that could warm like chocolate or freeze like black ice. More than anything, he wanted to lose himself in those eyes. "A doctor and a soldier-"

"Well, when you put it that way..." She smiled brightly, almost too brightly, and wiped the table in front of her with a napkin. "I'll just take this uptight, responsible girl on her way."

Crap. He'd offended her. "Lena, wait." He stood and stopped her again, afraid she would leave annoyed. "I have a meeting this afternoon with a business contact, but we really should hit up Quinn's tonight. Get a drink. No talk about letters or deployment. It'll be fun. Like old times."

"Are you asking me out on a date?" A hint of exasperation-and was that horror?-in her voice.

"No." His reaction was pure panic and self-preservation. "Or yes. Maybe. As friends. I don't know. Would that be so bad?"

The idea obviously threw her for a loop. Not a good sign, buddy.

"A night out sounds great. Just what I need to take my mind off...everything."

...

If Lena had a dime for every time someone called her bossy, she never would have had to join the Army. She could have paid for school in full before ever stepping inside a classroom.

Ugh. She kicked at the porch swing as she made another pass, pacing back and forth, trying to cool down. Cool seemed unobtainable at the moment. She wasn't bossy, anyway. Could she help it if people were always asking her to do things, to solve problems? She might meet her letter writer and scare him away with her capableness.

She frowned and took a seat on the swing. As much as the description pleased her, being capable wasn't a romantic quality. Zack had certainly never found her more than a friend. But a person could change. She needed to figure out how to attract a man, even if it meant glossing over some of her more assertive qualities.

"Aren't you cold?"

Lena glanced up at the sound of her sister's voice. "Hi, Maria." A shiver ran through her. "I guess I am."

Standing, she hooked arms with her as they went inside. "Zack wants to do something tonight. You feel like heading out? Maybe get a drink over at Quinn's?"

"I thought you'd never ask," Maria said with a laugh. "Let's put the call out. Just us kids, away from the house, out on the town. Pre-Christmas celebration."

The kitchen held the warmth of the afternoon sun, and she went straight to the pantry for a box of cookies.

"I heard about the phone call from Phillip."

Lena rolled her eyes as she ate a cookie. She shouldn't be surprised. "Word travels fast."

"I got a text from Cat, who heard from Juan, who talked with mom this morning." Maria grinned, and Lena let go of her own worries enough to laugh.

She shook her head. "Ay, Dios mio. You see why I joined the Army?"

"Yeah, well, I also heard from Donna that you were at the coffee shop with Zack this morning." Maria poured herself a glass of juice. "My big sister is getting around."

"Hardly. I was out for a run, and Zack just happened by. Pure coincidence."

"Mmhmm."

"What does that mean?"

Maria shrugged. "I like Zack."

"Well, maybe you should ask him on a date. He's not interested in bossy, old me. We've known each other too long." But her heart gave a jealous beat at the thought of her sister liking Zack.

Life could be so unfair.

Chapter Five

Zack worked a problem out on his computer as the afternoon wound to a close. He saved the file and would forward it to his boss in Sacramento first thing tomorrow. There was a small glitch in the program. A phone call to work out the kinks was inevitable, but for now, he had a date to get ready for.

A date with Lena. A first.

Hearing that she'd fallen in love with those letters, the guy who wrote those letters. The excitement of that had quickly faded to worry. What had he done in those letters to create such affection? Half the time, he'd merely been rambling on about nothing. Could he live up to whatever it was she'd found in them? What if she was disappointed?

No, he refused to believe that she'd be disappointed when he surprised her on Christmas morning. But then... He'd been like a brother for so long. What if she couldn't get past that? What if seeing him in a different way was impossible?

...

Lena put on her tight, going-out jeans and her shimmering, red top with the deep V in front and back. Black leather boots and a wrist full of bangles finished the outfit.

"Cat, you coming?" She hollered for her sister in the bathroom.

Mom came into the foyer with a kitchen towel in her hand. She wore a new Christmas-themed apron that had Will Cook For Gifts written across the top. "Juan will bring your sister home before eleven. She has choir practice in the morning." She turned to him. "Don't be late, hijo."

"Yes, mom," he answered in a sing-song voice and kissed her on the cheek. She whipped her towel at him before he could get through the front door.

"Be careful," she called to all of them as they all piled into Dad's truck. Maria took the wheel.

"We should get into a game tonight. Have a scavenger hunt in town." Cat leaned forward and stuck her head between the two front seats. "We'll break up into teams. It'll be fun."

Lena grinned. "Yes, let's do it."

"No, no, no." Maria groaned. "I have to be up early for work. And Cat has to be home, too. It's already eight thirty. Let's just go sit and enjoy a cold adult beverage!"

"Boo," Lena answered. "I want to do something fun. If it's not a scavenger hunt, it's going to be something else."

They pulled into the parking lot at Quinn's, and it was packed. "I guess we weren't the only ones with a good idea. Sheesh."

"The bars always get busy the week before Christmas," Maria answered. "People are either celebrating or crying."

Lena laughed. "Crying?"

"Sure. Break-ups, lost loved ones, or just plain single."

Lena put an arm around her sister's shoulders. "You won't be crying in your beer tonight, will you?"

"Heck no." Maria stood straighter. "I love being single. I'll even drink to it!"

"I'm going to play a game of pool," Juan announced, taking the lead up to the door.

Cat blew him a raspberry. "Fine. You know when you don't want to have real fun or do a scavenger hunt, it's because you're old."

Juan held the door and rolled his eyes.

Lena patted his shoulder as she passed through. "Gracias."

She took two steps into the dimly lit room and found Zack, sitting at a table just inside the door. Carla, one of their classmates from high school, stood next to him in an apron. She held a pad of paper and laughed at something he said. But he glanced over and smiled when he met her gaze.

His smile struck her, and the noise of her family and the crowded bar faded, leaving her prisoner to the pounding of her own heart. She knew his smiles, half-smiles, and just plain non- smiles-like those he gave before screaming at his platoon of soldiers to give him fifty. This was none of those.

A smile, just for her.

What the eff?

Noise resumed, and time sped back up.

Someone bumped into her. "Mike," she murmured, confusion rocking her senses.

"Gonna just stand there, sis?" Mike said, putting an arm over her shoulder.

She shook it off and glanced at Zack. He was joking with her siblings and had pulled a chair out for Maria when she came around the table to sit next to him.

Had she imagined it? Was her head playing cruel tricks?

Mike took her elbow and pulled her along.

"I thought you were working tonight." Lena finally found her voice.

Mike shrugged, also doing the gentlemanly deed of pulling out a chair for her. "I skipped out early when Mom called and told me you'd all be here."

Part of her had hoped Zack might have mentioned it to him. That would ease the ache she felt and reassure her that Zack hadn't actually asked her out on a date. But he had, and she'd ignored it. Why?

Because she'd learned a long time ago not to hold out hope that he would ever see her as more than a friend.

...

Zack finally caught Lena's gaze from across the table, and he lifted a brow as if to ask her, what is this?

Not that he didn't enjoy spending time with the family. As a matter of fact, until the holidays had come around, there'd only been a few dinners since summer ended. School, work, and life had taken precedence.

Lena shrugged and a slight flush rose on her cheeks.

"Lena, you and me, at the pool table for a game." When it looked like she might refuse, Zack stood and went around the table.

"I play winner." Juan called out.

"Oh, no. I can't. I stink at pool, Zack. You know very well how badly I play pool."

"Come on. Smart girl like you should have no problem setting up a table and sinking a few balls. Practice, that's all." Zack tugged on Lena's chair. He took her hand and was surprised to feel a slight tremble in it. He tightened his grip. "Relax, I'm not going to bite. It's just a friendly game of billiards."

She laughed, almost nervously. He let her hand go when they reached the little cove with a table in it. They were just hidden from view, enough to be able to talk privately, or make out. But that was just his imagination running away with him.

They both took a cue, and Zack set the table. Her silence put him on edge. Usually, he knew what she was thinking, now he felt out-of-sorts. He'd asked her out on a date-hadn't he?

She'd come with an entourage.

"Zack?"

He looked up and found her waiting for him. He made the opening break and nodded to her. "Your turn."

She stared at him with a blush rising on her cheeks. "Where do I start?"

He relaxed, smiled at her, then studied the table, looking for her first move. "Over here," he started and took her arm to guide her around to where the cue ball sat. "Go for the solids. You can hit the four in, no problem. Easy peasy."

She stood behind her cue and leaned over the table.

"No. Not like that." Zack moved in behind her.

The idea hadn't started out as a ploy, but now that he was here, breathing in the delicious scent of her perfume, he enjoyed the heat of her against his skin where his arms met hers. They were hip to hip. He cupped her hand in his and rested the cue stick on top of it. She fit perfectly under his arm and against his body.

He cleared his throat as lust shot straight through his bones. "Ready?"

She turned her head and eyed him suspiciously. Her gaze fell to his lips for a fraction of a second, but she turned back to the table and took her shot. The light bracelets at her wrists chimed, and the purple ball rolled into the corner pocket. "Okay." She grinned, turning into his space. His hands went to her shoulders where they met skin, supple and smooth.

"That wasn't too hard at all," she whispered. Her breath seemed caught in her throat, as if maybe, maybe she felt something, too.

Zack stayed where he was, absorbing her warmth, the happiness that seemed to roll off her. This was what he'd wanted for her when he asked her to go out with him. Just a chance to have some fun, remember what it was like when they were younger.

He brushed strands of her hair from her face, the touch making his heart stutter. The urge to kiss her overwhelmed him. "Lena."

"Yes?"

With his thumb, Zack traced a line along her collarbone. He tunneled his hand under the thick weight of her dark hair. Her eyes were wide with wonder. When he dipped his head to taste her, her lips parted, and she sucked in a breath.

Zack's heart was pounding. Like the staccato of his M16 beating against his chest.

The kiss was soft and slow, and at first, she didn't respond at all. On the verge of letting her go completely, he felt her hands come up and grip his waist. Her lips moved against his.

Nothing in his entire life had felt so right before. He sank into her.

"Hey guys...Whoa!"

Zack groaned at the intrusion. Lena broke away, sucked in another breath, this one filled with shock and what-did-I-do?

His eyes slid shut. Damn it.

"I-" Lena scrambled out of his reach. "I better go."

"Lena-" Zack went after her but was stopped in his tracks by Big Brother and a shove that sent his pulse pounding.

"What the hell is going on, Benson?"

Zack rubbed away the impression of Mike's fingers against his chest and peered over his friend's shoulder. Lena sat with her sisters. She hadn't gone far. "Just a friendly game of pool and some decent conversation for a change," he answered with a roll of his shoulders as he picked up his cue.

"What are you doing with my sister?" Mike stood at the ready-shoot first and ask questions later. His fists clenched at his sides. "Zack?"

Zack hit the ten ball into the side pocket and straightened. None of your damn business. But that wasn't going to fly. He shrugged. "Nothing...anymore."

"Is that supposed to be funny?" Mike's voice vibrated with restrained fury.

"No," Zack bit off, stopping the harsher words that wanted let loose. He threw the cue down on the table. "I better go." He did not want to fight with Mike about this.

Mike grabbed his arm. "You might be my friend." He shook his head. "But don't mess with Lena. She's inexperienced...and fragile. She's not used to dealing with guys like you."

"Let go of my arm." Zack frowned, pulling out of Mike's grasp as he tried to reconcile the woman Mike described with the woman he knew.

Mike filled the doorway and crossed his arms over his chest.

Zack blew out a breath. "How long have we been friends, Mike?"

Mike didn't answer right away.

"How long?" he demanded.

"How the hell should I know? Twenty years?"

"Twenty-five, you shithead." Zack let the endearment slip as the irritation inside of him started to boil over. "I'm not messing with Lena."

Mike opened his mouth as if to object.

"Besides," Zack interrupted. "Lena deals with guys like us... All. The. Time. She can handle herself better than a lot of soldiers I know." He shook his head. "Wake up, Mike. I want your sister. I've wanted your sister for years. Now I have to convince her I'm worth her time."

He left Mike speechless in his wake and made his excuses to the rest of the family. He waved a hand at their protests. "I gotta go."

Go blow off some steam.

Lena avoided his gaze, but he didn't let that stop him from giving her shoulder a squeeze before he left.

Zack reached his car, blew out a breath, and leaned against the hood. She'd kissed him, and she'd kissed him good. There was no mistaking her response. But then she'd run away like the Taliban were on her heels. So, what did she want?

Frustrated, he hopped into the car and headed home. This had all seemed so simple when it started. How the heck was he supposed to win Lena over with her brothers and sisters overlooking their every move? Maybe she really had joined the Army to be alone.

Back at the house, he still crackled with nervous energy. He wanted to go for a run, but chose to occupy his brain instead, so he compiled a new version of the code and started running compliance tests for the Sacramento project. Still, his thoughts kept returning to Lena. He needed to get her alone, tell her everything, and beg her to kiss him again, because that kiss was proof. Proof that some part of her was willing to give him a shot.

Over and over, he ran more trials, testing again and again, while playing out various scenarios in his mind. He was running out of time. The annual Christmas Concert was in two days, and the Winter Carnival would be winding down. He could almost picture Catalina performing in the finale, surrounded by poinsettias-

He jumped up from his desk so fast he knocked over the chair. The concert. It was true the Rodriguez family was everywhere, but maybe he could turn that to his advantage. With a sly grin, he picked up his phone and dialed the familiar number.

Chapter Six

...I heard about your spell with the flu. Your dad said you were sent to Germany for a week where they hooked you up with fluids. Must have been hard for you. Everyone at home was worried and praying for you. Your mom lit at least ten candles on her first visit to church. Haha.

I think of you often and can't wait until you're home where those of us who love you can take care of you for a change...

Lena read through bits of the letter she'd gotten in June. On the shorter side, compared to the others, which were filled with pages of small town talk, this one had been short and sweet. The first letter to indicate that he loved her, even if it had been grouped with 'those of us'.

This man had seen what she needed even from thousands of miles away. Someone to take care of her. She took a deep breath. She really was in love with the letter writer.

Anger crept into her thoughts. Where had Zack been all year while she was deployed? Working? Playing? Moving home?

Staying busy, that's for sure. He hadn't stopped to write her a letter. How could he kiss her like that? She clenched her hands into fists.

She looked down to where she'd been icing cookies with her mother's decorating tips. A swipe of black icing left an angry belt across Frosty's middle. "Oops."

Calmly, like the adult she was, she set the pastry bag on the table. She had a box full of letters. And she wasn't going to ruin the feelings they'd evoked because a man, who was more like a brother, suddenly had romantical feelings for her. "Romantical. Is that even a word?"

"Talking to yourself?"

Lena straightened her spine and picked up the abandoned icing. "I am making cookies for the concert tomorrow night, if you must know."

Cat sat down at the table, a Cheshire grin on her face.

"What?"

"You left awful early last night."

"I was tired."

Her sister shrugged. "Funny how Zack left early, too."

Lena gave her sister a pointed look. "You're beating around the bush."

Cat laughed. "Mike seemed pretty pissed, too. We could have drowned in the undercurrents, Lena."

"You know how to swim."

Her sister leaned in, picked up a cookie, and bit into it.

"Hey!" Lena pulled the cookie tray back to her side of the table. "Those are for the reception."

"Did he kiss you?"

Lena forced her face not to react, even as the icing in her hand slipped. "Of course not," she lied.

"Hmm."

Lena set the black icing on the counter and picked up the orange. Every year, her mother-or any of the women who were home-made cookies for the town's Holiday Concert. All the churches and schools brought the best of their musicians together and performed at the high school auditorium.

Cat had a starring role this year, singing in the grand finale.

"You nervous?" Lena asked, deliberately changing the subject. She began adding carrot noses to each of the cookies.

"Not as nervous as you were after playing pool with Zack for all of about...oh, five minutes." Her smile feigned innocence, and Lena knew she could either fess up or have it tortured out of her. Was it really such a big deal? Hadn't she dreamed about kissing him when she was a teenager?

The real thing had blown every fantasy out of the water. Even this morning, she could still feel the pressure of his lips against hers, his hand on her neck. Every nuance of his touch filtered through her senses if she let herself stop and think.

"How was it?" Cat persisted.

"How was what?" Mom asked as she came through the door.

"Nothing," Lena answered curtly with a glare at her sister.

Mom came around and placed a kiss on her cheek. "You look so much better today. Every day better than the last. As it should be."

"I feel better, Mom."

"Good, because I have been asked to help set up the auditorium for the concert. And I need a few extra hands."

Cat quickly stood. "I better go...practice, or shower. Something." She was gone before either Lena or Mom could even open their mouths.

Lena laughed, "We'd have been spanked."

"Probably true. She's the youngest and a little spoiled."

Lena finished the last cookie. "When do you need me?"

"Whenever you're done with these, we'll go."

She set the icing down. "I'm ready when you are."

After calling Catalina back to the kitchen to do the clean up, Mom and Lena headed for the high school. Part of her wanted to spill her guts, but she'd never been one to do that before...and her mom? What would mom think of her kissing Zack?

His touch had wrenched her from rational thought, and she'd found herself diving in, enjoying the feel of him against her. Betrayed by her own body. But she was not going to let him ruin everything.

She would just have to work around him. Avoid him for a little while longer. Hadn't she spent years getting around her brothers? Making dates and keeping them to herself so that she'd have no one checking up on her?

But this is Zack. Smart, kind-usually-and gorgeous.

"Oh, good. Zack is here already."

"What?" She straightened and scanned the area. "Why is he here?"

His little sports car sat in the parking lot near the exterior gym door.

"You sound horrified, Lena."

She was! She didn't want to see him right now...or ever. How could she face him after last night? "Mami, I can't go in there."

"Lena, you're being ridiculous. Why not?"

"I just can't. It's embarrassing. I'm embarrassed."

Mami turned in the driver seat and took her hands. "What has gotten into you?"

"I don't know!" She cried, and felt the rise of a great flood of panic and uncertainty. She just wasn't used to this. She wanted things back the way they were before she'd left for Iraq. She wanted everything in order.

She pulled her hands free of her mother's grasp.

"Did something happen between you two?"

"No," she answered, a smidgen of guilt riding the word. "Not really."

Her mom studied her, and Lena hoped to God she couldn't read her mind. "I know you're beyond needing me." She tapped her hand on the steering wheel, then took Lena's chin in her hand. Just a small touch that was gone in an instant as Lena met her gaze. "But that doesn't mean the worry goes away."

"I'm sure it's nothing." Lena remained silent as they got out of the car and entered the school. There were boxes on the stage-big bins lined up along the edge, and below them, a pallet filled with poinsettias. Zack was nowhere in sight.

Yet.

She'd have to face him eventually. Might as well drum up some of the determination that had gotten her through college and med school and tell him to back off. They'd grown up together, even worked together off and on through the years. It was her turn for romance, not the same old, buddy-buddy friendship she was bound to get with Zack.

Playing pool? Hanging out at all their old stomping grounds and fishing with her brothers? No. No more reliving the past. She wanted an adult relationship of mutual trust, commitment, and affection, in the present day. She wanted to move beyond the past.

She had fallen in love with the man in those letters. The man who had spoken to her of his dreams and desires-his desire for her.

...

Zack turned his back and leaned into the metal bar, opening the door to the auditorium. He carried a box under one arm, his laptop under the other, and a whole slew of cords were looped over his elbow.

"Just set the flowers along the edge of the stage, Lena."

Zack glanced up. Anabel, at the front of the auditorium, with Lena. He'd known Anabel would drag Lena along after he told her they needed more help with decorations.

It looked like they'd been working for a while. The poinsettias, which had been on the floor before, were now covering the steps on either side of the stage. Lena picked up a pot and set it on the edge of the stage above where Anabel draped red velvet swag across the wood paneling.

An unexpected case of nerves struck his insides.

"Hello, Zachary," Mrs. Rodriguez called from the stage.

He placed his gear on the table behind the rows of seating and waved. "The place looks great, as usual, Mrs. R."

"Why, thank you."

He woke the computer up and connected to the school's Wi-Fi. Above his head, the projector hung from the open rafters. He'd stream photos through it during the concert.

"Mrs. Rodriguez? Would you mind lowering the screen?"

She waved and disappeared through the side door that led backstage.

Zack stepped closer to the stage. It hadn't been an easy night of sleep. Thoughts of Lena had kept him awake with Mike's warning echoing through his brain. But it was Mike or Lena...and he really didn't see the comparison. This was his time. He'd waited long enough. "So, are you going to ignore me forever?"

Lena set another plant on the stage and turned. "I'm not ignoring you."

She eyed him up and down. "You look good, Zack." Then she blushed. "You always looked good, I guess."

"You guess?" He laughed, unsure if he should be insulted.

"Yes." Lena picked up another plant. Zack came forward and took the load from her hands. "Well, no. Maybe. I have a question for you."

"Okay."

She bit her lip.

His heart fell, and the nerves returned. He carefully set the plant at the edge of the stage, in line with all the others.

"Do you think it's possible to fall in love with letters?"

It seemed like a trick question, but he answered with his gut. "Yes, but there could be issues...like, what would happen on the wedding night? Think of all the paper cuts, Lena."

She laughed like he wanted her to and even slapped his arm. "No, really," she answered, getting serious again.

He rolled his eyes. "No. I think the connection you feel through the letters was already there. Maybe your subconscious recognizes those thoughts put to paper."

Lena brightened at that thought. "Yeah! That's totally it." At ease again, she picked up the last poinsettia and set it on the stage. "All I know is, we're soulmates. Those letters, Zack. He talked about politics, religion, family. He had a sister who died at three months old when he was only two. Can you imagine?"

Yeah, he could. Of course he could. That had been a long time ago, before they'd moved to Red Bluffs. But the ache of losing half his family had stayed with him.

Thankfully, Lena kept talking. She really did not think he could have written those letters. Not even a little? Sheesh.

"Look Zack," she started, "I think we should just forget last night happened-"

"What?" He came out of his pity-party musings with a jolt. "Hell, no."

"Hell, no?" She laughed with a shake of her head. "That's almost sweet."

"That's not sweet," he said, as a knot of irritation rubbed against his chest. "That's the facts. It's open season on Lena Rodriguez. I'm not going to let those letters stop me from getting what I want."

Her eyes widened. The vein in her neck pulsed. "Wow-"

"Oh, shit." That might not have sounded right. "I'm sorry."

"No, please. Don't hold back. I just love being referred to as game."

"That's not what I meant." He backpedaled. "I'm not good at this."

Zack rubbed the back of his neck and blew out a breath. "Lena-"

He hadn't even heard the hum of the screen lowering, but it was down. Mrs. Rodriguez walked back through the doorway. "Everything looks great. Lena, would you mind sticking around after the show? We need to have everything taken down and loaded back up before we leave. It shouldn't take long. The drama club will be here for the stage props. But the flowers came over from Sacred Heart."

"I can help, too," Zack offered, desperate to figure out how to get things on track with Lena.

"Wonderful! It's settled then." Anabel clapped and reached for them, each hand taking one of their arms. "This is Christmas, a time of peace and family...and love. Tomorrow, after you finish up here, you two should go and do something fun."

Lena sent her mother a wary look out of the corner of her eye. "Okay..."

This was just what he needed. An order. Soldiers were good at taking orders. She couldn't say no to Mom.

Anabel had given him the chance he needed.

Chapter Seven

The concert had ended brilliantly. No, that was too cliche. Cat's performance had struck her with a revitalizing dose of homesickness, which made no sense at all seeing as how she was home. But it was missing so much of life here, her little sister was growing up.

She'd actually cried, and Lena never cried.

Now the weekend was upon them. Another tradition checked off. Another day closer to Christmas. She'd always loved the winter carnival, so it had been easy to agree when he'd suggested it. He'd made it clear this was a date. There was no way in heaven or hell she could pretend he didn't mean a real one this time. Two people, holding hands, eating cotton candy...riding the Ferris Wheel.

"I'm so embarrassed, though." Lena pulled her jacket closer to her body as the night air took another dive toward freezing.

"Why?" Zack took her hand and pulled her toward the line for the Ferris Wheel.

"My mother is match-making." She'd been horrified speechless at the realization. "I feel like I should apologize."

"I don't think that's necessary."

"Of course not. You're the one who kissed me."

He shrugged. "Not going to apologize for that, either. Besides, you kissed me back."

He made her heart pound, and her head forget all about the letters. And she wanted to kiss him again, too. Now that she'd had a chance to get used to the idea, she wanted to do a lot more than kiss him. But she'd known him for so long. He was like a brother. A really good-looking, muscly-she shook her head to banish the thought and cleared her throat. Not going to go there.

"I have three years left of my commitment, Zack." Lena got in line behind another couple then turned to him. "How the heck am I supposed to start a relationship now?"

He lifted a brow. "Are you serious? Isn't that what you plan on doing with letter guy?"

Heat rose on her cheeks. "Oh, well. That's different."

"Why?"

"Because we already have a relationship going."

"No, you don't."

"Yes, we do!"

"No."

She opened her mouth to answer, but just as quickly, he grabbed her, circled her neck with his arm, and covered her mouth with his hand. She couldn't help grinning. All the combatives training she'd done over the years weren't going to help her against Zack, who'd had the same training, was twice her size, and at least eight inches taller.

Instead of fighting, she put an arm around his waist and tucked her hand into his pocket. She really liked the feel of him at her side. He slowly lowered his hand from her mouth, but his arm stayed at her shoulder. She leaned her head against his chest and soaked in the joyful atmosphere as the crowds dwindled and the night grew dark. Yeah, she could get used to this.

"Hey-oh, Zack Benson! Long time, no see."

Lena straightened as a man approached them. He was on the short side, light-haired, muscular. He pumped Zack's arm with a warm grin, and glanced to Lena then back to Zack. He wagged his finger. "I knew it. This must be Elena. Just as pretty as you said. No, I take that back. Prettier." His laughter echoed through the crisp air. "It is good to see you home, Lena. I tell you what, Zachary has waited a long time-"

"Lena," Zack interrupted. "This is Mark Teller. He's new in town. We met at an after-hours business gathering."

She wanted to go back to the 'has waited a long time' part, but Zack turned the topic to fishing, and they chatted a few minutes before Mark made his good-bye and left. But he shook her hand and smiled. A smile that said he knew something she didn't.

Finally, they reached the front of the line and were escorted into the bucket seat swing. Zack tugged on the safety bar and secured it over their laps.

"That man is up to something."

Zack cleared his throat.

"And so are you," she continued.

"Some people are just weird-take Mark, for instance."

"Uh, uh-"

"Oh, look, I can see your house." Zack tucked her in under his arm and pointed south as they rose in the circle.

Lena rolled her eyes. "Fine." But the bird's-eye view of town captured her before she could make a smart remark about how he was evading her question. Lights were strung along the roofs of houses and businesses along Main Street. Wreaths hung from lampposts. "Look at the church all lit up. It looks so pretty."

"You've missed it." Zack spoke her feelings, and she nodded as emotion swelled within her.

"I didn't realize. I mean, sure, I knew I missed the States, my family, the American way...my coffee maker."

"I know what you mean."

She really looked at him, and saw an understanding in his eyes that no other person could get...unless he was a soldier. She saw something else, too. The clear blue traces of love that she wanted to ignore but couldn't.

"Zack," she whispered and heard the pleading, breathlessness in her own voice. He'd held back since Quinn's, giving her space and time over the last couple of days. But she wanted that moment back. Lena leaned in, touched his jaw line with trembling fingers as desire rose within her. "I'm going to kiss you now," she spoke, her lips a breadth away from his.

"About damned time." His no-nonsense response eased the nerves, making her smile in that moment before she made contact. But then the smile was gone, and she was enticing his mouth open with a swipe of her tongue, playfully nipping at lips that tasted of the coke he'd drank with their late dinner. She hummed her pleasure and felt his hands in her hair, caressing her neck, and then gripping her arms.

All the while, he pulled her closer and closer until she wanted to simply sink into him, feel the hard planes of his body against her soft ones.

Lena moaned then broke away as the Ferris wheel stopped. She yelped as the swing jerked forward then swung back. One hand gripped the rail to her left, the other gripped Zack's leg. He laughed and covered her hand with his own. Then he lifted it, opened it. "Best idea you've had all night," he said, placing a kiss against her palm.

Zack pointed out towards the river. "Look over there." All along the west bank were barges waiting for their own part in the winter celebration-the fireworks.

Lena checked her watch. Nine fifty. "Almost time, and we're stuck up here."

"But we've got a great view."

The swing started moving again, up and over the top of the circle, and then it stopped. Zack laid a hand on her bouncing leg. "We'll get there, don't worry."

Once more, the Ferris Wheel moved, bringing them toward the ground. It wasn't that she was uptight, but it had been so long since she'd been home for the winter carnival fireworks show. And with her family, too. "I know. Just been a while. We should both be down there."

Because he was family. And wasn't that exactly why she wasn't supposed to kiss him? Apparently, she would have to work a little harder to overcome her desires. "I've had a really good time tonight, Zack."

"Uh, oh. That sounds like a precursor."

The swing stopped at the bottom of the circle, and the worker came over to hold it so they could step out. At the bottom of the steps, Lena turned and walked backward.

"No, it's..." she thought about it for a moment. "I have this other thing going on."

"The letter guy."

"Right, the letter guy. And, I fell for it, the romance, the sentiment, but I'd forgotten how it was to be with someone who knows me, cares about me even when I'm not perfect.

"I have seen the ugly sides of you."

She lifted her brow and put her hand on her hip, stopping in his path. "I have ugly sides?"

"No," he said with a grin. He took her hand, and they continued toward the park. "Remember the time during college when you totally went ape-shit crazy on your roommate who thought it would be fun to invite her entire sorority over for a pre-exam bash?"

"Sorority and male counterparts," she added, "with groping hands!"

She'd been doing a decent job of clearing her room, but had felt even better when Zack showed up after he'd gotten off duty. It helped that he'd been in uniform, too. Big and over-bearing. He'd made her heart pound with want, but he'd been hands-off during those years. When had it stopped? The wanting. Later. Separation had eased the ache of her crush.

"You'd already taken care of it by the time I showed up. You sure can raise your voice, Lena. I saw a few left hooks in there, too."

"Oh, please." Lena denied. "I do not think so."

He smiled with a shrug.

"Hey guys! Over here." Juan called them over, and Mom smiled contentedly with a little tilt to her head as she eyed Lena and Zack at her side. Lena went around and kissed her mom and dad, who were sitting next to each other in their matching canvas chairs.

When Lena took a seat at the picnic table, Cat handed her a warm thermos. "Hot cocoa."

She took a sip. "Mmm. Just what I needed." She glanced at Zack. She tilted her head in question. She'd never seen him hesitate to enter the family circle.

"I should go check in with my dad."

She wondered if she had done something wrong, but then Zack's gaze found someone behind her. Mike came up and set a hand on her shoulder with a squeeze.

Lena froze, shrugging off the touch as anger flashed through her. "Za-"

"I'll call you tomorrow," he interrupted. He didn't want her to cause a scene. Not that she'd ever been a scene maker in the past, but if Mike really thought he was going to play guard dog...

She nodded. "You do that, Zack." And that was her statement, to him, to the family. She made her own choices. And she'd damn well see whomever she pleased, even if he was her brother's best friend.

Cat nudged her. Juan cleared his throat. Mike remained the stoic guard at her side.

She'd known it wouldn't be easy to bring a guy home-even at her age. She just hadn't considered how awkward it would be if Zack were the guy.

Chapter Eight

"What in hell are you waiting for? You're going to let that woman get away!"

Zack bit back the inappropriate retort on the tip of his tongue. "I don't let her do anything, Dad."

His father had been distant when Zack was a kid, but they were much closer these days. He chalked it up to joining the Army. His dad had done the same when he was nineteen. Now, their relationship had evolved from father-son to good friends. His dad saw more than Zack let anyone else see, including his infatuation for one Elena Rodriguez.

"You like her, don't you?"

"It's a little complicated."

"Well, of course it's complicated." His dad banged a fist against the table. "Otherwise, you'd probably be dating a man!"

Zack chuckled when the waitress came up and timidly set their dinners on the table. He thanked her then placed his napkin in his lap. They'd been coming here for lunch every Saturday since he'd gotten home.

He picked up his fork and stabbed the steak he'd ordered. "I just need a little more time."

"I'd think time isn't something you have a great deal of. What you need"-he pointed with his fork, narrowing his familiar gray eyes-"is a plan B."

Frustration ate at him. Those stupid letters. Christmas was in three days. Another short week after that, and Lena would return to duty. Back to Sam Houston for new orders, a possible relocation, and three more years of service.

Why? Why had he made such a ridiculous promise? Because Christmas was about love. It was about family. It was early mornings with his pretend family, sitting near the tree. The year he'd been given his first pocket knife, and the time Mrs. R had bought him a sweater. He'd lost his family once and been gifted with a replacement-the Rodriquez family. Was it too much to ask for the best Christmas present ever, Lena's love?

Zack cleared his throat, folded his napkin, and laid it next to his plate. "I had a plan for Christmas morning to tell her everything. I didn't expect it to be this dicey. I definitely didn't think I'd have to go through her guard to get to her."

His dad laughed. "Uncle EJ made a stink the day I came for your mother."

Zack stopped the forkful of food halfway to his mouth. His dad rarely spoke of the old days, or even of his mom anymore.

"It was different in those days. Seemed like we all had a wild hair. Your mom's parents didn't want her to go. They thought it was a mistake to marry a soldiering man." His dad shook off the memory. "Maybe it was."

Zack suddenly knew what it meant for a sentence to be loaded. Holy moly. "No," he answered succinctly. "It wasn't. Besides, Lena's a soldier, too. And perfectly capable of making her own decisions."

"Son." Zack nearly dropped his fork. His father never called him that. A wistful expression clouded the old man's face. "You never know how long you'll have, so make good use of your time."

He thought about what his father had said throughout the day. When he wanted to go to her, Lena had disappeared to Sacramento with her sisters and mother. Christmas shopping. Now the day was over, and he hadn't seen her at all.

He tossed and turned in bed, the one he'd treated himself to after eight years in bachelor quarters and less than luxury accommodations. He wanted her here, next to him, even for the short time she was home. He wanted to hear her whisper his name and say that she loved him.

But she'd fallen in love with the letter guy, who was only a part of him. The silly romantic part...he should have taken more time to swear or tell a dirty joke or two.

What if she didn't love the rest of him?

Zack woke groggy and restless. He showered, lingering longer than usual as thoughts of his predicament continued to fill his mind. But maybe it wasn't all that bad. They'd had a good time on Friday night. And she'd stood up for him, too. He hadn't expected that.

"She loves you," he said to the face in the mirror before he slid his razor down over his cheek. His stomach clenched, hearing the words echo against the tiles of his bathroom. He just needed to show her he loved her. Show her what he offered her was real.

After dressing, he drove the half-mile to Sacred Heart Church and parked his Camaro. The way the early morning light illuminated the rose window above the main doors, he could believe he had a chance. If there was one thing he believed in right at this moment, it was hope.

A knock on the window made his heart jump and pound against his rib cage. Mike was standing there with a look of what-the-hell on his face.

Zack rolled down the window.

"Are you coming in or have they finally ex-communicated you?"

"Haha." Zack closed his window and opened the door to get out. A breeze swept through the parking lot. "It's going to be warm today."

"Yeah, yeah." Mike hesitated, the pause filled with uncertainty and passive aggression. They'd never had anything between them before. "Look, it's taking a while to get used to you...and Lena. It's weird."

"I don't want it to mess with our friendship."

"Oh yeah? Well then, let's go fishing."

He hedged. He didn't want to have to choose, but he would. "I can't promise."

"Whatever, amigo." Mike eyed him as they walked up to the church doors then held one open. "See what women do? We've never had a woman between us before."

"Lena's not a woman-between-us. She's your sister."

Mike pointed. "And don't you forget it."

Zack about stumbled through the door. Righting himself quickly, he turned to stare at his best friend. "Was that a threat?"

"No. Just a promise."

He took a deep breath when Mike continued into the church. Things were bound to change. He was ready for it. He'd been waiting for it.

Zack blessed himself before rounding the pews to the left and finding the Rodriguez family near the front. Every Sunday, this he could count on. She was, of course, smack dab in the middle of the bunch.

Desperate times call for desperate measures.

He smiled for Juan, who sat on the end, and pointed toward Lena. "Excuse me," he whispered, lifting the empty kneeler with his toe and side-stepping into the pew. He bumped into Maria's knees and then stepped on the edge of Jaime's shoe. "Sorry."

Jaime shook his hand in a silent hello, and finally, after squeezing past Cat, Zack was next to Lena.

He waited for everyone to scoot down toward the aisle, then turned and sat, ignoring the warning look he was getting from Mike and the Cheshire grin he was getting from Maria. He nodded to Carlos, who sat at the center aisle with Anabel, a contemplative frown on his face-not unfriendly, but not that amicable, either. Anabel gave him the motherly smile he'd been graced with for the last twenty-two years.

Lena knelt beside him, her long, shiny hair plaited down her back and exposing the long line of her neck. So he knelt, too. And he bowed his head to pray...that she wanted him.

"What are you doing?" she spoke under her breath, leaning into him a little and leaving his heart stuttering from her closeness. "Could you be any more disruptive? People are trying to pray!"

"I wanted to sit next to you."

This was plan B? His mouth had a mind of its own. He was lucky he hadn't added, for the rest of my life. There was some sense still swimming around up there.

Lifting her head just enough to catch his eye, her beautifully arched brows furrowed. He liked seeing her confused. He'd never rocked the boat before, but with as little time as he had left, finesse and grace weren't going to cut it anymore.

...

He's not my brother.

That was the bottom line. The evidence of something growing between them made her want to hurry back to the safety net of her job in the Army. But that was fickle. And she had never been fickle.

Her longing over the last year for something more, for what had been promised in those letters, called her the liar she would be if she snuck away now. Wishing Zack had written those letters sat at the pit of her stomach like a lead ball.

"Whatcha doin' there?"

Lena glanced up as Catalina came into the bedroom and waved to the pile of envelopes on the bed. "Sorting."

"Are these all from your secret admirer?"

Shaking her head, she shoved a pile toward her sister.

"Oh." Catalina shuffled through a few of them. "I didn't know Zack had been writing to you."

"Not much." Lena shrugged. "I wrote to him before joining. I wanted to hear how it was, ask some questions. He wrote back."

They were not love letters. They were usually short. More like quick notes typed between tasks. Of course, they'd always made her laugh, the little stories about his unit or a particular night out with the guys. Anecdotes. Encouragement.

Frustration was like sandpaper on her soul. "I needed a friend who knew what it was like. Zack had already been in for five years. Read one."

His first reply had been short, railing at her for considering the idea. It had hurt a little but made her even more determined to join than ever. Without that letter, she probably would have chickened out. When her anger had subsided-a few months later-she'd written back.

Almost twelve years of letters. Not a single romantic thought in the bunch.

But she still loved him. And now, she had to admit, she loved him as more than a brother or a friend. "Grrr! Seriously? Cat, what am I supposed to do?"

"About what?"

Lena rolled her eyes and picked up the pile of letters from her secret admirer. "The letters. How can I leave this guy hanging?" She bit her lip. "I think I'm in love with Zack."

"I knew it." Cat picked up one of the love letters from the pile sitting next to her and turned it over in her hand. "But, you definitely need to meet this guy."

Catalina tossed the letter to the bed and stretched her legs, leaning back against the headboard. "We all love Zack. He's like part of the family, even if you are kissing him." She smirked. "This, though...well, if you don't meet him, you'll always wonder, don't you think?"

Maria showed up in her scrubs after a long night at the hospital. Hair was coming out of her bun and sticking out in all directions, dark circles marred her eyes.

Lena patted the bed. "Tired?"

Her sister gave in to the invitation. "Exhausted. There was a fire at one of the bars downtown last night. The emergency room stayed busy. We had to fly two of the victims to UC Davis in Sacramento."

"Oh, honey. Anyone we know?"

Maria shook her head, fatigue escaping as tears and running down her cheeks. She hurriedly wiped them away. "Sorry."

Catalina reached over and patted Maria's leg.

Bolstering herself, Maria smiled. "So, what's going on with Zack?"

"Not Zack. I'm convincing Lena to go meet her secret admirer," Catalina answered.

"What if it is Zack?"

"What?" Cat broke off.

"What?" Lena's brain misfired, actually stopped working completely as she tried to process Maria's suggestion.

"That would be convenient, yes?" Maria kept her eyes closed as she spoke. "I wouldn't care who it is. It's romantic. Nothing romantic ever happens around here."

"That's not true!" Catalina sat up in protest. "You went out with Mario last month, and he brought you a rose."

Lena tried to keep up, but she was stuck on Zack. "Mario?"

"Yeah, that wasn't going to work. Mario? And Maria?" She cringed.

"You didn't want it to work out." Catalina pouted.

"Shut up, Cat." Maria toed off her shoes and curled into one of the throw pillows. "You should both know that I'm giving up dating. My New Year's resolution is to not get involved with anyone this year."

Catalina laughed. "Come on. It won't last!"

But there was hurt in Maria's eyes. Something had happened that she wasn't talking about, and Lena wished she hadn't missed so much. She needed to be a better sister. "Good for you, Maria. There is nothing wrong with that."

Maria roused, slowly opening her eyes and getting up. "Thanks, Lena." Maria reached over to ruffle Lena's hair and give her a hug. "Don't worry so much. Besides, how could it be Zack? He only came home in June. You've been getting letters since January."

Lena sighed. "There is that." But hadn't her heart kind of soared at the idea? Ugh. She needed her head examined!

"Tomorrow is Christmas Eve, Lena. Then the mystery will be over." Cat also got up to leave. "You'll do what's right...you always have."

In the quiet of her sisters' exodus, Lena gathered the letters strewn over the bed and stuffed them into the shoebox then went through and ordered them-neat, orderly, business-like typed letters in one pile and handwritten, personal letters in another. She fingered one of the letters from Zack, lifted it to her nose, and took a deep breath. She picked one of the secret admirer letters and did the same.

Unfortunately, the answer wasn't in her senses. They both smelled exactly the same, like paper that had been thrown into her backpack and left there for months at a time.

Chapter Nine

Lena woke up on Christmas Eve unbelievably revitalized. Finally, after a week, she didn't have the post-deployment fatigue dragging her down. Maybe not completely back to normal, but better.

One more day.

Elena pulled the box from under her bed and ruffled through the letters, pulling a random envelope from the stack. August. With a guilty look over her shoulder, she opened it.

...btw, Mrs. Marts was caught in the backseat of Principal Morten's station wagon last weekend. The entire town has blown up with the news, and the Principal is on suspension. Of course, no one talks about how the affair has been going on for years. Now that it's out in the open, it will either die quickly or...you never know. Maybe they have something that will last. Haha. We'll see.

She remembered how she couldn't stop grinning after she received this letter. After a long night in the trauma unit, the letter had been a Godsend. She sighed. Another just-what-she-needed moment.

"Lena," Mom called from downstairs. "You have to get to the post office before noon. Let's go. These invitations have to go out today."

Lena tucked the letter back into the envelope. "I'm up, I'm up," she called.

Her mom's New Year's Eve party included the entire family, all thirty-seven aunts, uncles, cousins, and two second cousins-twice removed-or something like that. Then there were the close friends, the business associates, and even a few strangers...if her mother happened upon one or two in the week between Christmas and New Year's.

After getting dressed, Lena ran down the stairs and took the pile from the hall table.

"I'm coming, too," Cat called as she scrambled down the steps and grabbed her winter coat. She was out the door before Lena could respond.

The tall, tan brick building on the corner of Walnut and Jefferson stood before her like the ever-loving answer to all her frustrations that it was. Her letter writer had come here to send his little notes and longer letters. Mystery man vs. Zack.

"Don't think about it, Lena," Cat suggested as she held open the main door. Easier said than done. Maria's question had left Lena reeling, and thinking, and then reeling again.

Zack was family, even if those boundaries were being compromised. She'd forced herself to remain practical and not text him, even though she'd have killed to send him one, just to see how he was doing. The urge made her feel like a school girl, like Cat, who had been texting her boyfriend constantly.

Cat took the pile of cards from her hand and stuffed them into the outgoing mail slot. She hooked an arm through Lena's, and they started to leave, but out of the corner of her eye, Lena caught a glimpse of a man behind the counter. She slowed, crooking her head. "Hey."

Mark Teller. "That's the new guy," Lena whispered to Cat, who immediately turned around to stare through the glass doors and into the customer service area.

Mark had acted as if he knew her that night at the Winter Carnival. But he was friends with Zack. She wasn't completely unfamiliar with the a-friend-of-yours-is-a-friend-of-mine phenomenon. Maybe they'd talked about her a time or two. Still, she didn't believe in coincidence.

An odd tingling sensation started just below her heart. What if...?

What if Maria's flippant remark was correct? What if Zack's attention this week was more than just him scratching an itch, testing the waters? Her heart pounding and knees weak, Lena stopped on the steps. She gripped the rail with barely steady hands and pressed her lips together, fighting a grin, fighting a joy that might be unfounded.

"You okay? Looks like you have a panic attack coming on."

Lena blew out a lungful of air and pressed her fingers against her eyes. "I know. I feel crazy. Those letters made me crazy. Then Zack made me fall in love with him." She turned to her sister. "That guy in there is friends with Zack. He works at the Post Office."

Cat lifted a brow.

"Cat! He knows who the letter writer is!"

But Cat didn't drum up the same enthusiasm. Instead, she took Lena's shoulders in her hands. "You have less than twenty-four hours to wait. You're not going to go in there and ruin it, are you?"

Lena laughed. "Don't you see?" Hope, planted on her first morning here, grew inside of her.

I think the connection you feel through the letters was already there...

"I have to call Zack." She stood and pulled her phone from her back pocket. She called his number and got his voice mail.

"Text him." Her sister egged her on.

"I will. I will. Gee, when did you get so bossy?"

Cat grinned. "I learned from the best."

Lena snorted, her fingers moving over the screen.

NEED TO TALK. CAN YOU MEET ME AT THE GAZEBO?

"Let's walk."

Lena followed her little sister. "I asked him to meet me at the gazebo."

"What?" Cat shook her head. "You're crazy. That's like sacred ground until after your rendezvous. You shouldn't go there. It might be bad luck."

Lena couldn't help but laugh. "No." The more she thought about her need to see Zack, the more sure she was- Zack was her mystery man.

SORRY, BABE. 4GOT TO TELL YOU. SPENDING DAY WITH DAD. WE DROVE TO SACRAMENTO FOR MASS. BE HOME MID-AFTERNOON.

YOU OKAY?

He was a good man-honest, compassionate, loyal-and out of town. Her heart plummeted, and she chewed on her lower lip, pouting.

FINE. JUST WANTED TO SEE YOU.

"What? What is it?" Cat stopped on the sidewalk and leaned against the parking meter.

"He took his dad to church."

Cat started laughing. "You're such a softy, Lena. I don't know how you survive in the big, bad military world."

Her phone buzzed again.

AFTER-HOURS BUSINESS CHRISTMAS PARTY 2NITE. WANNA GO?

Her hands were trembling. She forced a calm back into her senses by blowing out a breath and stretching the muscles of her neck.

SURE

She turned to Cat. "He asked me to the after-hours business affair tonight. I need a dress."

"I know just the place."

...

Zack straightened his tie in the mirror of the front hall. The doorbell rang. He checked his watch. Eighteen hundred hours. He didn't have time for carolers or, heaven forbid, a door-to-door salesman. He yanked the door open and froze.

"Lena."

He couldn't have moved if he wanted to. She looked incredible. The soft, black dress hugged her like a second skin, draped over her well-toned shoulders, slim waist, and h*ps that promised heaven. The deep cut of the v-neck exposed smooth skin and made his entire body tense with need. With her hair twisted up at the back of her head, the black stones that hung from her neck and ears sparkled in the soft glow of the porch light. And she wore heels-holy moly...heels-at least three inches tall.

"Hello." Her mellow voice drummed against his sensual haze.

He swallowed. "I could have picked you up."

When she laughed, her head tilted back, exposing the line of her neck. Her eyes shone with good humor and a spark of something else, something challenging. She leaned in, her smile an invitation he would have no problem accepting. "I live four houses down."

"But it would be proper." Zack felt an undeniable need to loosen the tie around his neck. "Why don't you come in? We don't need to leave for another fifteen minutes."

"Thanks." She swept through the doorway, the scent of her wafting in and surrounding him. Good God, if he wasn't careful they would never get out of this house. Not that he wanted to... Every day closer to the end of her leave was another strike against him.

What more could he do?

Lena had moved into the living room. "It's so different." She waved a hand at the room. "Yet it's the same, too. You've only been here since June, right?"

He nodded slowly, detecting an edge to her questioning. A fishing trip? "That's right. Last year, when my dad's health started deteriorating, we both decided he should move over to the assisted living on Luther Street."

"Wow, nice arrangements. Not cheap."

"Yeah, well. One day at a time, right? Anyway, the house was empty until I finished my commitment and came home."

Nerves wracked his stomach. Why was she here? What made her come to his house? They'd arranged for him to pick her up. But it was more than the nerves wreaking havoc on his body. He wanted her even more today than he had a week ago, more than he had as a randy teenager. "Can I get you something to drink?"

"Glass of wine?" She suggested, and his heart fell.

"Oh, actually, I-" He rubbed a hand over his mouth to cover his laugh. What an idiot. He should have wine and flowers and all the things women loved. "Uhm...Beer?"

"Sure." She followed him to the kitchen. "You seem nervous."

The beer from the fridge was cold, and he wanted to take the damn thing and roll it over his forehead. "Not nervous, just...you look beautiful, by the way. And tomorrow's Christmas. You've got that thing in the morning."

"I saw your friend today." She changed the subject, throwing him for a loop.

"Friend?"

"Mark?" She took a pull from the beer he handed her. "I was dropping a pile of cards at the Post Office."

"Oh." Oh. Zack cleared his throat. "How's he doing?"

"He's fine, I guess. I never did get a chance to talk to him. He was busy, you know, working."

The way she spoke was enough to break him, as if she knew. But she couldn't... Mark wouldn't have told her he'd been writing the letters. There had to be a Federal law against that or something.

"Anyway," she went on with a smile. "It made me think of the letters again. Think about who had written them. Someone who knows me quite well. I was always surprised by the insight in those letters, the true depth of this man's compassion for what I was going through. He seemed to know exactly what I needed."

Zack circled the table and approached her. He was not going to give up his surprise so close to the end of the game. He didn't care how silly it seemed now. She wasn't going to force his hand.

Lena took a step back, but she came up short against the counter top. "Oops."

Zack stopped and wrapped his hands around her small waist. He felt the soft flesh under his hands and ached. "Been a crazy week, hasn't it?"

"Mmm," she murmured, gazing into his eyes with an openness about to bring him to his knees. "Thank you, by the way."

He frowned. "For what?"

She shrugged. "I don't know yet." Then she leaned in, pressing her lips softly to his. Her arms circled him, warming him with her embrace. He let her lead, and she took him down the road of no return, coaxing his mouth open with the wet glide of her tongue.

He drew her closer with trembling hands. Every perfect curve molded against him. His hands explored her rib cage, and he found the underside of her br**sts with his thumbs. He softened his touch, caressing her as the kiss went deeper and deeper. The taste of her drove him on until he had to break free in order to breathe.

"Lena," he whispered, tracing small kisses over her lips, her cheek, and down her neck. The need for her grew, every muscle tensed with the passion of her touch. He lifted her and set her on the counter at her back.

With the last thread of sanity, he held tightly to the edge of the counter and stepped back-taking the space he needed. He was already out of breath, already so far gone. He looked into her eyes and saw the same frantic desire mirrored there.

She placed her hands gently against his skin and ran cool, competent fingers over his forearms, the touch sending shivers through him.

"I never needed anyone like I need you," he admitted.

"How did this happen?"

He laughed. "Is it so bad that we want each other?"

Slowly, she shook her head. "No. I never thought I had a chance with you, Zack. I-"

"What?"

"Did you write those letters?"

He shrugged, pulled the pins from her hair, and his breath caught in his throat as it spilled over his hands and covered her shoulders. He drove his hands through the thick, silky length. "I could tell you, but-"

"Then you'd have to kill me?"

He left more kisses from her ear to her shoulder. She didn't object, merely tilted her head to one side to give him better access.

"Something like that."

On her shoulder was a scar the size of a nickel. He placed his lips over it, remembering the call he'd gotten a month after she'd left. There had been an attack. She'd been struck by flying shrapnel. Even worse, she'd lost a patient, and the guilt of losing someone always cut deep.

His raging need for her eased, transforming into a profound depth of...hell, he didn't even know what. She could have died. He thought back to what his father had said.

When he took her face in his hands, she covered the scar. "It's so ugly. I was somewhere I wasn't supposed to be. It was dumb. An uncooperative private wouldn't stay in recovery. Kept trying to get back out. Sergeant Podolski was supposed to go get him, and then the attack happened. Everyone, defending our position, moving patients to the bunker below us."

He let her talk. She probably hadn't had a chance.

"I went after the private. He was out back, smoking, during the raid." She shook her head with a laugh. "There was so much morph**e in his system, he probably had no idea there was a raid going on. It only lasted ten, maybe twelve minutes. But Podolski was hit, and I-"

"No. No guilt in living."

And he kissed her, brought life back to the desire by melding his lips to hers. Heartbeats pounded into each other as he held her as close as possible. She hooked her feet behind his back, and their tongues met. He tasted her and was consumed.

Her hands tugged at the hem of his shirt, pulling it from his waistband, and then they were on him, and oh, my God. She trailed those delicate fingers over his skin. He dragged her with him, back to the living room, always keeping his lips against her skin, his hands on her body.

Her hands dipped down into the back of his pants. He couldn't think, couldn't get beyond wanting her, wanting this stupid-gorgeous-dress off her.

"Zipper. Where is the damn zipper?" He wanted skin on skin, his hands on her.

Now.

Finally, he reached down, lifting the dress from her knees over her head. Relief filled him. "Thank God."

She laughed-the most beautiful sound-and she was braless, the only thing between them a narrow strip of silk sitting at her hips. His pulse pounded in his ears and his heart slammed against his chest.

He wanted to get on his knees before her. "I-" I want to marry you. I want to give myself to you and be yours forever.

"Cat got your tongue?" She laughed at him as her hand disappeared into his pants, and she cupped him.

He shuddered at the touch. "Lena."

"Let's make love," she whispered.

And he could do no less.

Chapter Ten

Lena woke with the weight of Zack's arm and leg pinning her. Pressed into the over-sized couch, a sheen of sweat dried on her skin, she dragged her fingers up the small of his back and back down over the slope of his cheeks. She had no idea what time it was, no idea how long they'd been lying like this, completely spent.

And there was her mother's voice in her head, chastising her because they weren't married. But she pushed aside the thought. This was the man she was going to spend the rest of her life with. She didn't know how yet. Maybe there were details that would need to be worked into the plan later. All she knew was that he'd had her heart since they were kids.

Had he written the letters? He hadn't admitted it, but he hadn't denied it, either. All that really mattered was that they belonged together. A thousand letters couldn't break the bond they shared. "Stop thinking so much." Zack pegged her with a sleepy-eyed, satisfied look.

"I thought you were sleeping."

"Your energy woke me." He kissed her, making her moan and dive in, making her want to start all over again. But he rolled them over, scooted back on the couch, and rolled again so that she was on top of him, her bare ass exposed to the air.

"Maybe we should find a bed, because now I'm cold."

He hummed in response as the heel of his hands massaged her lower back, the counter stroke covering her rear with his fingers-downward stroke of his palms, upward stroke of his fingers. "Are you cold now?"

She rested her forehead against his chest and sighed. "Yes, but I don't care. Don't stop doing that."

His laugh rumbled through his chest. She turned her ear to listen, and Zack wrapped his arms around her.

"I was serious. Don't stop."

But he sat up, brought her legs across his lap, then stood, lifting her into his arms.

"Now my ass is really cold." She nipped at his neck.

He carried her to his room, threw back the covers, and laid her gently against the sheets. "It's ten o'clock."

"What?" She sat up, covering herself with the blankets at the same time. "We slept for three hours on the couch? No wonder my ass is numb."

"Ha! Doesn't feel too numb to me..." Zack went through a doorway into the small bathroom.

She heard the toilet flush. The light went out, and it was dark again.

Excitement ran through her. Anticipation. She wanted him again.

But there was an edge of panic as well. They had so little time. Her brain wanted to work out all the details, get everything set and straight in her head.

Zack crawled under the covers and pulled her against him-her back to his front. She relaxed in his arms.

"Let's not worry about tomorrow just yet."

"Hey, how did-"

"Because I know you, Lena. I've known you almost my whole life." He paused, and she couldn't help but hold her breath. "And I love you. I don't want you to worry about what's going to happen between us. We'll make it work-your career, my job...no matter what. Okay?"

She nodded, turning her head to kiss him.

His hands found her br**sts, felt their weight, and her n**ples tightened against his palms.

The thrill of his touch sang through her. He roamed, leaving traces on her ribs, abdomen, and down, until he was at the very center of her.

He deepened their kiss, opening his mouth to her as his fingers played her.

The coil of need drew up against her breastbone. Sensations bombarded her.

"Come on, babe," he whispered against her ear.

She did, with sparks flashing behind closed eyelids.

They loved again, taking each touch deeper, and every stroke more desperately than the last. He was everywhere, touching her, kneading her.

Lena let go of practicality, let go of reason. She wasn't going to lose another day, another hour or minute. She gripped his sides, opened to him, and stared into eyes brimming with flames of love.

With one swift thrust, he filled her, and a tear fell down her cheek. She was truly home, finally. He wiped the tear and smiled, as if he knew what she was thinking.

Maybe he did. It wasn't that long ago that he'd come home as well.

Lena woke out of a sound sleep, her heart pounding. She listened to the stillness and remembered-she was at Zack's. Zack's house. Zack's bed, where she'd made love to him with complete abandon.

He was sprawled across the sheets, obviously used to a little more room than a second person allowed, and nak*d. Light came through a window and left a tracing glow down his back and over his beautiful behind. Her hands itched to touch him, run her fingers over the smooth slope and down his legs. She bit her lip, clenched her fists, and carefully shifted to the edge of the bed.

In the clarity of the moonlight, her conscience got to her. She should be home. She hadn't meant to stay overnight. Her parents would be worried if she didn't come home. Besides, she had a man to meet at seven. Her own Hallmark movie playing in real life.

A pencil sat on the nightstand. She wrote a note on the scrap of paper next to the alarm clock, quietly dressed in the dark, and grabbed her shoes.

Zack stirred, and she froze. But he merely rolled onto his side and dropped back into sleep. Her Zack. She wanted to crawl back under the covers. Instead, she gave in to the urge to touch and ran a hand through his hair. Lightly, she kissed his temple and whispered, "I love you."

Her feet made almost no noise on the stairs, and the door clicked shut behind her.

The walk home was short and easy. She'd done it a million times as a kid. She even knew which cracks to avoid and where all the holes were.

The house was dark except for one square on the side, which glowed from the bathroom upstairs. Lena hurried up the porch steps and...well, snuck in. She hated to admit it, but that was the truth. She was finally going to sneak into her parents' home and hope they didn't notice. As a teenager, she'd never had time. Her studies had consumed her, and she'd never thought to step outside that box.

In the doorway to the living room, she stopped. The glow of the Christmas tree sent a thrill through her heart. Little white lights blinked away the seconds. So many memories in this room. So much love.

Zack had been here, too. They'd grown up together. Now, she hoped they would grow old together. But maybe, in the years ahead, they would still come back.

"Chica," her sister Maria whispered as she came down the stairs. "What are you doing out so late? And on Christmas Eve? Do you know how often we get victims in the ER over the holidays? Accidents, crazy people overwhelmed by whatever crap landed in their lap over the past year."

Lena felt the kick of change in her chest. She'd grown up a long time ago, but tonight...

"What happened?" Maria came to her, studied her with knowing eyes. "Are you okay?"

Even as she hesitated, she knew she couldn't keep secrets from Maria. She never had before. "I was with Zack tonight."

Maria's eyes narrowed then widened. "Oh, my God-"

Lena shrugged. "I love him."

Maria grabbed and lifted Lena's hand. "No ring and you slept with him? Elena-"

"It's Christmas, Maria, and in less than a week, I go back to Texas. We both know what it means to have to wait. To be separated again. Zack's a good man."

"Zack would never hurt you intentionally, but..." she trailed off.

"He would never hurt me, period." Lena led her sister up the stairs, leaving the happy glow of Christmas behind them. "You're being too serious."

Maria hesitated.

Lena tugged on her arm. "Stop worrying so much. Soon I will have that ring on my finger, and Zack and I will be together-forever."

"You sound young, in love, and completamente tonta. So stupid in love. But you are right about one thing. Zack is a good man."

He loved her, after years of being friends. But this was better. And if he wasn't the letter writer, well, then...too bad love letter guy.

Tomorrow she would go to the park.

And she'd see...

Chapter Eleven

"Dad, you don't have to go with me."

He snaked his arm through his old flannel-lined jean jacket. "I've kept my mouth shut through this whole thing. Now, I'll have my say." The rumble of his accent was as familiar as her own voice. He kept his tone down, and Lena knew it was so he didn't wake the family. "Not even a grown woman should go meet a stranger in a park, alone."

He patted his breast pockets, pulled a cigar, unwrapped it, and tucked it between his lips.

"I'm ninety-nine percent sure of who it is."

"Then I'll go for the one percent."

She opened her mouth to object again, but he'd opened the front door and was already outside. Catalina snickered from her spot at the top of the steps. She wanted to go, too, but Lena had put her foot down. "Good luck," her sister called out. Lena had the urge to slam the door as she left, but managed to keep her head.

It didn't matter who was there. The whole town could be there. But her stomach messed with her, sending signals of nervous anticipation through her blood.

She glanced at her dad, the unlit cigar now in the corner of his mouth. He wasn't exactly the silent partner in her parents' marriage, but mom had always been more vocal. Unless it was a matter of safety and protection. She should have known. Yet even thrown for a loop by his presence this morning, she loved him for it.

"Do you think I'm being stupid?"

He grunted a response with a shrug.

"Is that a yes or a no?"

"No."

Lena nodded, but she knew there was more he wasn't saying.

He pulled the truck into the parking lot and found a spot where he could see the gazebo. "I'll wait here."

Lena checked her phone as she walked the short distance to the wooden structure. She'd wondered if Zack would call her when he woke and found her gone. So far, no. She faced south. Main Street headed north on her right, curving by the park toward the east, giving her a perfect view of whomever she was about to meet. Her phone stayed quiet. She stood, closing her eyes. The smell of cigar drifted on the morning air, comforting her.

Traffic rumbled up and down the street, even though it was Christmas Day. Off to her left a pair of birds fluttered and chirped, welcoming the morning sun. Lena opened her eyes and saw him.

Zack.

Her heart pounded. She'd known it. How could it have been anyone else? And she'd been right. Zack was here for her. She grinned, forcing herself to stay at the gazebo. The right hand blinker of his sporty little car came on.

Dad laid on the horn, opened his door, and stood on the running board. But he wasn't watching Zack's car. He had his eye on a truck, baring down from the north, swerving back and forth on the road. The thwap of uneven rubber on the black top-a flat tire.

Zack pulled to the right and slowed almost to a stop in the turning lane, but the truck was moving too fast. Her grin crumbled as she realized the driver was slumped over his steering wheel.

"Zack!" she screamed even as she ran toward the two vehicles.

It happened so fast, the ungodly clash of metal filling her head as the truck slammed into Zack's car. Glass fell to the ground in a symphony of bell-like sounds, followed by the screech of Zack's car sliding over the concrete.

"Stay back," her dad yelled.

She was almost there. Almost to him. "Zack!" she cried. A hand on her arm stopped her. She shook it off, intent on getting to the man she loved.

"Call 9-1-1. Lena!" Papi grabbed her. Shook her by her shoulders. She realized she was crying. But a crowd had started forming, and other people had their phones out, too.

Lena wiped her eyes. "Let me go, Papi. I'm a doctor."

They went together, and her dad opened the passenger door. He leaned in and turned off the car. He spoke a few words, too, but she couldn't hear. Hope blossomed. "Is he awake? Are you talking to him?"

Her dad didn't answer right away. She tugged on his jacket. "Let me see, let me help him."

"There's a pulse and he's breathing."

Ducking her head, she could see blood pouring down his face.

"I hear the sirens. The ambulance is coming."

She pulled off her jacket, her sweater, and then her cotton camisole, ignoring her father's protests. She quickly pulled her sweater back over her head and entered the car, using the soft cotton of her undershirt to put pressure on the wound above his eye. Keep talking. That's what she did for all her patients. "Hey, Zack. I hate to tell you, but I knew it was going to be you."

His eyes remained closed. She lifted his eyelids one at a time. Ay, Dios mio. His left pupil was larger. Her heart threatened to burst from her chest, but she held the panic in check.

"They're not going to be able to get you out of here." A glance at the floor boards showed the deep buckling of the undercarriage. "Looks like you got your legs in a bind."

She reached down and felt the length of one leg and then the other. "No blood. That's good, Zack."

Her lips trembled. "You're going to be okay."

"Miss, I'm going to need you to get out of there, now."

She'd lost Podolski, she couldn't let anything happen to Zack. "He's got a concussion and laceration of the supraorbital artery. I need to keep pressure on it." She couldn't leave him. What if something happened? What if he regained consciousness and she wasn't there?

"Elena." Her dad. She felt a firm hand on her shoulder "Please. You've done your job, now let these men do theirs."

She turned and saw the concern in his eyes. He nodded. She placed a kiss on Zack's temple and let her fingers trace the swell of his lips. "Don't you dare leave me, Zack Benson," she whispered.

The flurry of activity that followed the accident carried her through those first hours. Family showed up. And right away, her mother took charge, setting up people to be with her as she sat at the hospital.

She didn't want to hear about the heart attack the other driver had suffered or the family in southern California who'd lost a loved one. Zack could die. Even after surgery, the edema in his brain was severe enough that they'd induced a coma to try and protect it until the swelling subsided.

Green and red garland hung from the ceilings, swooping across the hallway, and little gold balls were hooked along each strand. Posterboard images of gifts and elves, bows and reindeer were plastered to the walls. Like a tunnel of cheer that created more of a knot of tension within her than the holiday spirit the staff was aiming for.

Lena bit her lip. She'd seen him once, before they'd taken him for another CT scan. But mostly, she was completely helpless. It didn't matter that she was a doctor, she couldn't do anything for him.

All her life, she'd been the one in charge, the one who knew what to do. They said he needed time. She knew that, but the urge to yell at everyone to do something was an invisible force, dragging her through some kind of hell on earth. Maybe she really was bossy. Tears threatened to spill at the thought of having been angry at him. If only-

"Hey, Lena." Maria stood in the doorway of the waiting room.

Lena didn't want anyone else to pat her on the back and offer her reassurances. She was a doctor, and the truth stared her in the face, mocked her with how little she could do. There was nothing.

Maria quietly entered the too-bright room and sat in the chair across from her. And sat. And sat. Silent energy flowed from her sister and rolled through her.

"What?" Lena spoke too sharply. "You have something to say. Say it."

Remorse shone from Maria's eyes. "I'm sorry for being so hard on you last night."

"Forget it-"

"It wasn't my place...and I was jealous."

"What?" Lena wiped another tear from her cheek. Damn tears. "Why?"

Maria blushed. "You always have your life together. Everything-perfect. School, career...I looked forward to beating you to true love. Something! You were always the awkward one. And really, you never cared about dating or finding a man."

Her sister sighed. "I have something for you."

Lena gasped and reached for the familiar folded piece of paper Maria held out to her. "You had it this whole time?"

"They found it on Zack."

Her trembling hands unfolded the letter and her eyes stung as she recited the words she already knew by heart.

Each day is another day closer to having you in my arms.

I can't wait to see you on Christmas morning.

Stay safe. I'm praying for you.

Lena sucked in a breath. He'd added at the bottom:

P.S. It's me.

A laugh bubbled out but quickly sent tears to her eyes. He would have given it to her that morning. Her thoughts wandered through the last week, the last year, the letters, the love they shared, all the time they'd wasted when they could have been together.

"Mr. Benson's on his way. Dad went to get him."

Lena nodded and dabbed at her eyes. "Good."

One of the nurses came into the waiting room and nodded to Lena. "Zack's back in his room, if you'd like to see him, Doctor Rodriguez."

She stood and crossed into the hallway toward his room. Her throat ached, tight with emotion as images from this morning flashed through her brain. She took one step through the doorway and came up short.

"I can't-." She gasped for air, but couldn't seem to catch her breath. Lena started to turn, wanting to run.

A hand came down on her shoulder. "Of course you can," Maria spoke with conviction. "You are the strongest person I know."

"I'm so scared," she managed, tears streaming down her face.

"He needs you."

Lena let her gaze linger at Zack's face-even intubated, with the side of his face a battered, swollen mess, he was handsome. He had a splint on his left wrist, and under the thin hospital gown, his ribs were wrapped tightly.

Her feet found their way before she'd given it a second thought. She took Zack's good hand in hers. It was cool, but not clammy or cold. The skin felt soft against her fingers. She lifted it and held it against her cheek.

Maria was wrong.

It was the other way around.

She needed him.

Chapter Twelve

"Just another day," the woman whispered, a warm presence at his side. Her fingers wove through his, the touch a reminder. Of what? His brain couldn't think. Like a fog swirling through the morning air against the trees and hills, his thoughts wouldn't form. And his eyelids were too heavy to open.

Pain in his side throbbed and worked its way up through his shoulder. He arched away from it.

The touch returned. Where the hell was he?

"Maybe some more Demerol," she continued in that soft, mellow voice. He wanted to see and tried to sit up. God, what was wrong with him? "Everything's going to be okay. Back you go, soldier."

Soldier? Had there been an attack? They were supposed to be out of Kandahar-pulled out. Where the hell was Joey? Where was that kid? He was supposed to report. No. He was dead, dead. Killed in action. His heart raced. Moving in sixteen hours. Troop transport over the border into Kuwait. Who was in charge? What happened? Why couldn't he remember? Think!

Sharp pain behind his eyes.

"Dad. Help me. He must be dreaming. He's going to hurt himself. Where the hell is the nurse?"

No women on the front lines. Why was she here? They would kill her. He'd seen it all, seen too much. She never should have joined. She wasn't safe here, no one was safe...

Her voice moved around him. Beep. Beep. Beep.

"Damn it!" he murmured, fighting against unconsciousness. But the fog buried his panic, and he sank down, down into oblivion. "Go home, Lena."

...

At the click of the door closing, Zack came to full alert.

Cool air brushed his cheek. The incessant beeping of the EKG was already starting to give him a headache. I have a heartbeat. Then he remembered. The truck. It hadn't killed him. First, he moved his feet. He stretched the muscles in his legs next. So far, so good. He clenched his fist, felt an ache in his shoulder.

Slowly, finally, he blinked his eyes. Blinds covered the windows, a light in the bathroom was on, and a soft glow from the light above his head revealed his best friend, Mike, sitting in the seat at the foot of his bed. "Hey," he croaked.

"Holy shit," Mike stood up faster than Zack's brain could register. In two long strides, he was out the door. "Doctor!"

Zack took a deep breath. Once, then twice. He wanted to move, needed to move. He started to sit up, but a pain in his side made him wince.

"Mr. Benson, you should lie back, you have several cracked ribs." A nurse came through the door, and a doctor hurried in, a stethoscope looped over his neck. He stepped up next to Zack and placed the cold metal of the round listening device against his chest.

He found Mike's gaze on him.

"Elena..." he managed to say. Why did his throat hurt so damned much?

Mike hesitated.

The pounding in Zack's head throbbed against his temple.

"She left."

Zack lifted his arm to check his watch, but his wrist was bare. He fixed his gaze on Mike.

"It's January 3rd."

"Gone?" He couldn't have missed her. God couldn't be so cruel.

"She has a flight in thirty minutes, out of Red Bluffs. Mayor Parker is flying her to Sacramento where she'll get a plane to Texas."

Zack leaned forward and reached for the IV.

The doctor pushed him back as Mike picked his phone off the table.

"You need tests, Mr. Benson, and rest."

"Take it out," Zack demanded, his voice starting to come back.

"I can't-in good conscience-do that."

"I can't reach her on the phone," Mike spoke up.

Zack stared at the middle-aged man with the white jacket and sympathetic eyes. Every second was the possibility of not seeing her. Each moment, a replay of last year. "Can't keep me-"

"Head injuries can be very tricky, Mr. Benson. You could do more damage-"

"Tape it up, I'll come back."

Zack held the doctor's gaze steady. He wouldn't admit to the searing pain in his left temple or the dull throb in his left hip. He'd been through more hell than this and survived. Lena was not getting away from him again.

"Mike, clothes."

The doctor scowled and checked his watch. "I have an extra pair of scrubs in my office. Please, give me five minutes to do a quick assessment and put my mind at ease while the nurse goes to get them."

Zack would have objected, but Mike agreed for him. "I'm going to pull the car around. I'll keep trying Lena's phone. Do what the doctor says, Zack. I'll get you there. I promise."

A lump formed in his throat as he nodded. The tight feeling as he fought the swell of emotion riding through his veins rocked him. She'd been here. He'd heard her voice, felt her touch.

Christmas was done. Leave was over.

"Look to the right."

Zack followed the sequence of instructions, familiar with the quick assessment. He'd given plenty of them to his soldiers over the years. He wasn't in great shape. No denying it. His head hurt like a mother-but he wasn't going to die.

And that was enough.

He pushed forward and swung his legs over the side of the bed.

"There is one thing," the doctor began.

"Scrubs," the nurse interrupted as she came through the doorway with a wheelchair. "Do you need help?"

Zack took the greenish blue material and snaked a leg in. Then he stopped. "What the fuck-"

"That's the thing."

A catheter.

"Get it out."

"It'll just take a moment."

A chuckle shook his shoulders, and it felt good, even if it did remind him of the beating he'd taken, reminded him of seeing Lena that morning and waving to her. The chuckle became a laugh and then a painful cough as he was told to lie back and the nurse exposed him.

Humility. Nothing more humble than being a patient with a tube in your-

The nurse removed the catheter, then washed her hands before unhooking his IV and taping the tubing securely against his forearm. "There. You're all set. I just need you to sign some paperwork."

The scrubs went on easily now, but he was running out of time. The room spun just a bit as he stood, and she put an arm around his waist and guided him toward the wheelchair.

"I can walk."

"Not around here, you won't. Hospital policy." She helped him sit then wheeled him toward the nurses' station where Mike was standing with the doctor. Maybe Mike hadn't liked the idea of Zack getting involved with Lena, but when it came right down to it, Mike backed him up. Trust. Zack felt an overwhelming gratitude for his friend.

Mike took the chair from the nurse, and they hurried toward the main entrance. "We're just going to borrow this for a little."

Zack groaned as he maneuvered himself into the passenger seat of Mike's car. Weak as a damn kitten. He drummed his fingers against the armrest as Mike threw the chair into the back, and they took off.

...

Lena tucked her backpack in the small space behind the seats. She'd never done the private jet thing. Even now, amusement over finding the mayor waiting for her at the hospital this morning warred with a huge lump in her throat. Gratitude, but also so much more. This was her town, her home. Love.

But, she'd extended her stay as long as possible. She wiped the stray tear from her cheek.

"Flight plan is in. You ready?" Mr. Parker stepped up into the cockpit and landed his trim frame with a bounce on the seat.

She smiled, nodded for him, and sent one last look back toward the terminal where her mother watched. She lifted a hand to wave, and the engines fired up, the noise filling her head and leaving no more room for thoughts of home and Zack.

Her mom turned away from the window.

Then the glass doors she'd exited twenty minutes ago opened and Mike walked out, pushing a...wheelchair?

Zack? Wearing scrubs?

Lena grabbed Mr. Parker's arm and pointed toward the terminal.

Mr. Parker tapped the fancy watch on his wrist. "Lena, we-"

"Please. I just need a minute."

When he nodded and turned off the engine, Lena stood, bent over, and opened the small door in the side of the cabin area, lowering the stairs. Without wasting any time, she ran in her heels, even more sorry that she'd worn them than she had been putting them on this morning.

Zack stood as she approached, and pain was etched on his brow. "Lena."

The roughened texture of his voice brought her to the verge of tears. "What the hell are you doing out here?"

"I had to see you."

She took his face in her hands and gazed into his eyes, studied them for any sign of concussion, weakness. But his pupils looked okay. It was the pallor of his skin that worried her now. And the way he was leaning. "Do you think I left you this morning so you could wake up and do something so stupid?" She gripped his arms, slowly moving her hands down to his wrists, and finally had his hands in her own. "You get back to that hospital. Mike, make him go."

But Mike merely lifted his hands in surrender and backed off. She scowled and turned her attention to Zack. He gave her a tired smile and pulled her into his arms. Lena buried her face against his chest, and a sob broke loose. His deep sigh, the relief, rolled through her and smothered her anger.

"Don't cry, babe." Then he framed her face with his hands, held her for what seemed the longest, most perfect moment in her entire life. "I love you, Elena."

"Oh, Zack." She held on as tears tracked down her cheeks. "You know I have to go." The doctor covering her shifts was scheduled to leave for Fort Benning. She had to go or there'd be hell to pay, no ifs, ands, or buts.

"It doesn't matter how far you go, Lena. You'll always be mine."

Lena's heart tore with the longing and ache. "I wish I didn't-"

He smoothed back her hair. "A year ago, I watched you get on a plane and disappear."

She frowned. "You were there?"

"I'm not going to watch you disappear again. As soon as the doctor gives me the go-ahead, I'm coming to Texas...or wherever you are." Zack bent one knee.

Oh, my God. She reached for him, even held him steady when he wobbled under her hands. "Get up. You're going to hurt yourself."

He stayed down, took her hands. "I had grand plans for Christmas morning. Now, I don't even have a ring to offer you. I want to marry you. I want to have every day from now until forever. Will you marry me, Lena?"

The lump, still lodged in her throat, disappeared. She touched the gash above his eye, touched the swollen corner of his lips. She loved this man. "Of course I'll marry you, you idiot, but only on one condition."

Then she laughed and helped him stand. She wrapped her arms around his waist, kissed him over his heart.

"What condition would that be?"

"Write to me while I'm gone."

He smiled then, and his trembling hands lifted hers and turned them over. He kissed her palm, and the touch sent a streak of desire and longing straight to her center. "On one condition," he answered.

"Anything." Lena agreed without hesitation.

"This time, you write me back."

Epilogue

Lena hadn't told him yet, and nerves tap danced through her stomach.

Home, for good, an entire year early. Her pulse raced at the thought. No more long drives from Fort Lewis. No more short weekend visits from Zack, flying up between his own assignments.

Like her mother's lights, blinking a cadence on the tree in the corner, Lena's heart beat with excitement. He was the sucker for surprises. This year was her turn.

"Two years ago, you got engaged," Catalina spoke from her position on the floor next to the fireplace. She looked first at Lena then over to where Zack sat with her brothers at a card table in the corner-beers at their elbows, cards in their hands. "Last year, you married each other..."

Zack turned enough in his chair so he could see her, and he gave her a smile. God, that smile. Still made her blood race, her heart fill. "I think we're taking it easy this year," he answered for both of them. "No excitement."

She knew her family was waiting for an announcement about babies. But they'd both agreed they wanted to wait until she was done with her time in the Army. It hadn't been an easy decision. She wanted to make a family with Zack more than anything.

"Actually, I have one more gift to give today." Lena got up and crossed the room to the bookshelf.

"For me?" Cat asked, grinning from her spot on the floor next to the tree. Lena sent her a dry, amused look.

Jaime elbowed Cat. "Don't be so egotistical. She's been saving the best for last-an early graduation present for me."

She smiled at the banter and tsked, waving a finger in their direction. "Now, now. This is for the whole family."

When she turned with the envelope from the top shelf, she found Zack watching her. He lifted a brow. Lena bit the smile from her lips, went to him, and held out the envelope. "Open it."

"Open it, hermano." Mike urged him on.

Zack ran a finger under the sealed flap, broke open the paper, and pulled out a letter. His gaze turned wary then, and she wondered if he recognized the familiar font, the same old paper they'd been receiving their orders on for years.

She kept her gaze on his face as he scanned it, and knew the moment he realized what he was looking at because he looked at her with wide, disbelieving eyes. "Really? You have your orders to ETS?"

"ETS? What does that mean?"

Lena turned to Maria. "End of Time in Service."

"What? They're letting you go?" Cat jump up as the rest of the family started hooting and hollering. Lena was pummeled by her sisters. Her mom had gotten up, too, and she stood near Lena, tears filling her eyes. "I am so proud of everything you've done, mi amor. But I am much happier with you home."

"Thank you, Mami."

"Maybe now we can get some grandkids around here," Mr. Benson barked from his spot on the wingback chair. There was a moment of silence.

Zack grinned at her. Lena laughed, just like Zack's dad to take it all to the bottom line.

"This calls for some champagne!" Her dad boasted, as he left for the dining room and the good crystal. Lena almost groaned. She rolled her eyes as Zack finally approached her. He took her shoulders in his hands. "How?"

Lena cleared her throat. "Before I deployed last year, they offered me the chance to end my service by going overseas for the year."

He shook his head. "You've known all this time."

"Yeah, sorry 'bout that." She rested her hands on his forearms and took a step closer. "I wanted to surprise you."

"I'm surprised."

"And happy?"

Zack pulled her close. "Definitely happy."

Maria came around then with a tray of fluted glasses. Zack took two and handed one to Lena. He put an arm over her shoulder, securing her to his side. She leaned her head against his shoulder. Her family, small changes every year, always reminding her of how blessed she was.

And how she'd almost lost it all.

"To my daughter," Carlos began, holding up his glass. "The strong, loving woman, dedicated to protecting and serving her country. The woman with, sometimes, too much smarts up here," he pointed to his head, "to always feel down here." He pointed to his heart.

Mami whacked his arm. He was right though, and Lena loved him for it.

"And to Zack," her dad continued. "You bring out the heart in her."

When her dad had to clear his throat, Lena blinked back the unexpected rush of tears.

"To the new chapter in your lives. Salud!"

"Salud!" The family responded.

Zack leaned in close, whispering in her ear, "So much for no excitement."

She chuckled. "What can I say?"

He took her champagne, setting it on the coffee table. Then he framed her face with his hands. He kissed her, light and tender.

"How about 'Merry Christmas, Zack'?"

"Oh, right." She kissed him back with just enough gusto to make him blush. "Merry Christmas, Zack."

