CHAPTER ONE

"Emma, open the door!"

"Go away, Gabriel!"

The door knob rattled violently. "Emma, please! Don't do this!"

I almost slammed my hand against the wall, only pulling back at the last moment. I clenched my fingers into a tight fist. "I'm not going to talk to you right now. I can't."

I heard what sounded like his forehead hitting the stout door. Gabriel's voice came out low and tortured. "Baby, please don't do this. Don't shut me out. It kills me when you do it."

Just like that my anger drained through the sieve of my heart. My palm rested where I imagined his beautiful face to be. "It hurts me too."

"Then let me in, Emma. I need to be with you. I love you..."

I slid down to the door, feeling tears roll slowly down my waxen cheeks. I wondered how the hell I was going to last the next five minutes without him, much less the rest of my life. I couldn't breathe through the pain. I whispered his name softly. He heard me and whispered mine in return.

"Please, Emma..."

Sitting there, legs sprawled and body battered with longing for the man only inches away from me, I wandered back through the corridors of my mind. Past the last devastating hours, further back to a time when I was a young girl who had done everything to stay out of Gabriel's ruined sphere.

Back before he was Gabriel Gordon, photogenic billionaire and world's most eligible bachelor, he was simply Gabriel Gordon-heartbreaker of Pine Woods High.

Gabriel Gordon was mad, bad, and ...well, you probably know the rest.

Despite his heavenly name and matching beauty, Gabriel was anything but angelic. Rich, spoiled, and far too cynical for his age, he could easily charm the skirt off a prim beauty or a young teacher or two. I watched him from afar in equal parts disgust and fascination for four years.

Logically, I had understood the allure. He spoke the right words, courting his targets with just the right amount of disinterest and zeal. Reputation notwithstanding, Gabriel managed to make each one think she was special-the one. Not necessarily through lies, but by showing just enough of the vulnerable boy hiding behind the exterior of polished arrogance to make him worth loving.

It always fell apart.

Sometimes quietly with just a note of farewell and our lively, lovely French teacher replaced in mid-year. Usually, it was a spectacle of gossipy delight that had the tongues wagging for weeks to come. I had stepped past enough dustups in the hallways to wonder what it was about Gabriel that made those previously well-mannered girls beat against his wide chest in rage, heartache, and more than a bit of desperate longing.

Gabriel's eyes would lock onto mine as he bore their abuse just as stoically as he had their love-never yelling in return or raising a hand in defense.

And if it seemed that his gaze softened, looking apologetic and ashamed...well, that surely must've been my imagination. Studying the silent boy and the screaming red-faced girl, while skirting the ever-widening crowd, I couldn't help but judge the tantrum that would forever mar how the rest of our classmates looked upon them.

Fallen. Ruined. Insane.

How could they be so torn up over one guy? Didn't they understand no one was worth losing it like that?

My pride was a mighty thing once, making me hard on those who didn't possess it to the same degree. If I only knew then what I'd become now...

Usually the rejected girls faded into the background, bitter by their loss, while others developed a 'flair' for dating. Apparently, Gabriel had taught his exes well. It was unfair and shitty how the girls' reputations suffered but his had only grown more attractive.

Worse, what made the sordid affairs scintillating was the very same girls who had slapped his face for our sport were rumored to secretly come back on figurative hands and knees just for another taste of sin. Which he doled out quite lavishly as I could confirm after stumbling across one heated encounter during senior year.

Even now the image was just as razor-sharp.

Their bodies had been locked in a state of half-undress. She on her back, he over her on the lab table. Gabriel had his hand wrapped around her neck as he pounded into her. He looked at me, angelic face slack with pleasure, and mouthed the words "I'm so sorry."

I backed up, arms limp and cheeks aflame. He never looked away. Gabriel kept me pinned with a crystal-blue stare as I silently slipped out of the empty classroom. The power of his tormented gaze stayed until I had collapsed on the ground outside by the football field.

Knees drawn up to my chest, I blindly stared at the girls twirling their turquoise banners for flag practice. The circular blur of color matched my thoughts in speed and tempo. What exactly was he sorry for? That he didn't have enough self-control to turn down a pretty girl's plea for more? That he exposed me to seeing something I had no business seeing?

What?

I was never able to come up with any satisfactory answer, no matter how many times I replayed the "I'm so sorry." Just for that Gabriel should've earned my contempt, but even then I couldn't bring myself to really hate him.

Judge him as a playboy? Yes.

See him as an obviously bright person who was wasting his talent by sleeping in class and blowing off his work? Yes.

Envy his wealth and social standing, knowing circumstances dictated that no matter how hard I worked there were certain experiences closed to me?

Absolutely.

Still as time passed, I found my eyes drawn more and more to his slouched figure. We had several classes together which meant the opportunities to examine him were endless. Every time I caught myself studying the long, lean line of Gabriel's back, I burned with the insane pull all those girls must've felt for knowing that glorious, dangerous angel.

The worst part of it was I couldn't judge their fascination anymore. Not after what I had seen.

The quick flash of seeing Gabriel with Brandy Peterson had branded itself into my mind. I couldn't forget it no matter how hard I tried. The images would crash into me at the worst times-while I worked on a challenging Calculus problem, as I cleaned tables at my part-time job, when I was in the shower...

I'd seen enough to know Gabriel hadn't just used Brandy as a receptacle for his lust. He had been making love to her in a way I didn't understand, but recognized nonetheless. It was then that I understood just how dangerous Gabriel Gordon could be to a girl.

My panic would've escalated if I'd had any clue that I was about to personally find out.

Maybe it was because pickings were slim or maybe Gabriel had noticed my gaze one time too many, but I entered his line of sight one week after walking in on him.

Fixated on Gabriel when I should've been listening to a discussion about Macbeth, my curiosity finally became my undoing. Gabriel lifted up his head, hair deliciously tousled from his nap, and locked his undivided attention onto me. My cheeks reddened and my mouth parted in shock. Pleasure flooded his gaze. He had smiled and mouthed "Pay attention, Emma."

It hadn't mattered that I whipped my head back around and pretended I hadn't been caught doing exactly what I had been doing. Gabriel didn't let me slink away unscathed. He began waiting for me in the mornings by the student parking lot. I'd get out of my old red Beetle to see him standing next to his late model Mercedes silver convertible one spot over.

"Hello, Emma," he'd murmur while looking half-asleep with a beautiful smile fixed to his ridiculously handsome face.

"Go away."

"Now why would I want to do that? I like being here with you."

"I don't like it."

"You will. I promise."

His arrogance rubbed me the wrong way. His gentleness seduced. I was constantly pulled and pushed away because of it. I knew what he was, what he was capable of, but a large part of me began bending. I started to look forward to seeing him everyday even if I didn't enjoy the attention his presence brought me.

The stares followed us everywhere. It seemed like the whole school was waiting for my inevitable fall. Gabriel's words had been especially sharp to those whispering bystanders.

"Take a f**king picture, a**holes. It'll last longer."

He waited for me at my locker after class and slid beside me at lunch. I felt the stares of his friends most intently then. They were like a pack of jackals, eyes cruel and mouths parted in a mimicry of friendliness. The malicious glee pointed at my direction burned a hole through my hard-wrought shell.

"Don't pay attention to them."

"Who? Your friends?"

"Those are not my friends. More like a**holes or leeches. All of us are, Emma. That's why you shouldn't pay attention."

"Even you?"

"Except me."

I'd fallen silent but it didn't matter. He seemed content to do all the speaking. Sometimes he'd managed to coax a sentence or two out of me, but then I'd clamp down. Gabriel's gaze would dim afterwards and I'd feel the pain of wounding him.

But I couldn't relent. I had known how the story was bound to end. I didn't want any part in helping to make it a tragedy. I did not want to be the scorned Fury screeching in the hallway, sobbing because Gabriel didn't love me how I loved him. I was not going to be a fool by falling into the trap of reading more into him than what he actually delivered.

It wasn't going to happen.

What was going to happen was I would keep my perfect GPA. I'd earn my numerous scholarships and get the hell out of a town where economically disadvantaged people like me tended to stay. I had no time for fallen angels who whispered my name ever-so-gently and made me yearn for the possibility of something different.

I wasn't going to indulge the fantasies that popped up more and more during my waking hours either. And I wasn't even going to consider the explicit ones populating my dreams. No way.

So of course Gabriel had managed to steal my first kiss.

After a month of my noncompliance, he'd confronted me outside during Prom. He'd been swaying, more than a little tipsy, and demanded to know why I wouldn't dance with him. We exchanged words, but the ones I especially remembered from him were "Why won't you look at me, Emma? Don't you know the only one I've ever really wanted the past four years is you? What can I do to get you to like me back? I'll do anything you want...be anything you want...just say you'll be mine, Emma."

I vividly remember my legs going weak, but I couldn't let him see how much his words affected me. I lifted my chin, proud of myself for seeming so composed. I didn't believe him and said so using very explicit language.

Gabriel suddenly rushed me. He pressed my body against the brick wall and caged me within his expensively attired arms. No tuxedo rental for him.

"I'm not lying," he swore right before pressing his soft lips against mine.

I could've screamed. I could've bit him. I didn't do either of those things because I really didn't want to.

His mouth was perfect. He was perfect. Anything I could've imagined, daydreamed about collapsed as the pale imitation it was. Nothing could've prepared me for the drugging sensation of having him kiss me. I melted against Gabriel, reaching out blindly to entangle my fingers in his golden hair.

He was drunk when our kiss started. I was drunk when it ended.

"Come with me," he'd said.

"Yes," I'd answered.

We spent the rest of the night together. Alone in his parent's mansion, tucked away in his enormous curtained bed, I lost my virginity and heart to Gabriel. It was as perfect as anything I could've ever tried to wish for. Gabriel had been tender with me, taking things as slow as I needed. Filled with him, I girlishly imagined he had flown me to a heaven where our many, many differences didn't matter and where I could be his forever.

Afterwards, his beautiful eyes had welled with tears as he looked down at me. "Thank you, Emma, for making my dreams come true."

I was smitten.

We made love over and over again. I couldn't get enough of Gabriel and I didn't want the night to ever end. We laughed together, finding each other's tickle spots with ease. He fed me strawberries and cream. I let him lick champagne off my back. When we weren't physically filled with each other, we whispered some of our secrets.

I didn't want to be stuck broke and powerless forever. He didn't want to be alone.

Eventually he fell asleep, holding me tight as if he never wanted to let me go. Lying there in Gabriel's arms, I suffered a love so exquisite in its pain I knew that would be the moment to define me forever after.

I'd never, ever be the same.

Staring at the canopied ceiling, I let the tears roll unchecked. They dripped onto the pillow while the beautiful holder of my heart slept undisturbed. I became convinced it was symbolic of how things were fated to be. I then thought of the exquisite pleasure he'd given me and the box of condoms we'd run through. Considering he'd kept them in his nightstand, apparently I had lots of girls to thank for his practice. I wondered who would thank me in the future as she lay in the spot I vacated.

Eventually I slipped out of his bed, got dressed, and walked the four miles back home. My mother took one look at me and knew. She didn't yell or lecture me as I'd expected. She simply opened her arms and let me fall into them. I had no tears left, only a soul-wounding scar of regret that things couldn't be different.

"It'll be okay, baby. I promise."

I didn't have the heart to tell her she couldn't make this okay. Everything in the world but this.

Gabriel came over to my house that afternoon, shocking me with his smiling presence on my well-worn porch. With a lovely bouquet of roses in hand, he asked me out.

I turned him down.

In just a few short hours, I'd patched myself together, refocusing my attention back on my goals-college, dream job, financial independence. I couldn't be his girlfriend the way either of us wanted. I wasn't self-destructive enough to try to heal or tame him. And I knew that was exactly what I would try to do. Eventually Gabriel would've tired of me and then where would that leave me?

Left behind just like the score of other girls who had loved and lost Gabriel Gordon.

We didn't speak another word to each other for the rest of the year. I'd catch his gaze across campus, brooding and wounded until he hid it away with a lazy-eyed stare and miniature smile dripping with contempt.

For him or me remained a mystery. I could only guess it was a bit of both.

Gabriel didn't pursue anyone else that year. I wish I could say I wasn't arrogant enough to think it had anything to do with me. He withdrew from his brilliant circle and unleashed his acerbic tongue on anyone who dared ask him why. His temperament became volcanic, something he no longer tried to rein back.

Once Gabriel came to class with a scabbed lip and blackened eye. Rumors flew that he'd been seen fighting outside club. He no longer slept, just sat there with arms crossed and stared at the board with blind intensity. My heart ached but I refused to look at him any closer than I would anyone else.

Graduation came and our class went our separate ways. Still, Gabriel was never too far from my thoughts. I wondered if he'd be lonely forever and suffered when I thought of the woman who'd clear him of that pain.

Still I got my wish- I received a full scholarship to a small but respected university. I was leaving town, off to fulfill my dreams. I had no business crying about it.

Never mind that I actually did that nightly for three months.

Gabriel went to Yale for one year before dropping out when his father died of a heart attack. Change swept through Gordon Industries like an inferno.

Fast-forward seven years.

He became Gabriel Gordon, the man plastered on every finance magazine, newscast, and blog. The years hadn't changed him, despite taking over his father's company and expanding it into a multinational corporation with offices on nearly every continent. Sparkling smile, lazy-lidded gaze, Gabriel redefined the definition of sexy.

And infuriating.

Gabriel may have been a captain of industry, but a chance encounter in the elevator showed me he was still an ill-tempered, arrogant man who showed far too much interest in the shape of my mouth and nape of my neck. The month before our encounter I wished my company could just move right back into our old building, but the likelihood of that happening was on par with the familiar phrase involving pigs and their aerodynamic abilities.

Every day afterwards brought Gabriel further into my life, making a mess of the orderly world I had created as Emma Adams, Junior Financial Analyst. Lunches became dinners, and dinners quickly became much more. Gabriel bedeviled me, teased me, and more often than not, made me want to throw things at his head. Still, just as in high school, I couldn't help but see the pain behind his lazy grin and the shadows in his crystalline gaze.

When Gabriel told me he loved me for the first time, I should have been the happiest woman in the world. Instead, I saw it as proof that some men can't be saved. They'd lie to get out of anything, including being caught having lunch with an ex. They'd lie to hide who they really were.

They'd lie just to lie.

I was wrong about him...about what I thought this relationship had really been about. I'd been a naive fool, someone who thought she knew it all, knew her life, and thought she knew the man she loved.

Lunch with an ex...I wished it was just about that.

I needed to be wrong about Gabriel. God, I hoped I was wrong.

Why did I let it get this far? Especially when I knew that loving him would be as dangerous as cutting out my heart and letting him keep it in his pocket?

Because Gabriel was my biggest regret and my greatest love.

I could no sooner stop loving him than I could stop breathing.

Damnit! I'm so freakin' insane to be here, to still want him.

"Emma...baby...are you still there?"

I sighed and answered, "Yeah."

"Let me in...please."

There was no hope for it. I stood up and unlocked the door.

CHAPTER TWO

Friday, Five Days Earlier

Obelisk Pointe Building

"Hold the elevator please!"

Oh damn it. My luck wasn't really going to be this bad, was it? No, no, no...yes, it was. The petite woman in front of me reached out and kept the doors from closing. Two men entered, both tall, but only one of them known to me.

"I've rescheduled your interview with the Times to this afternoon at three."

"Good. Anything else?"

"You have a charity dinner tonight starting at 8:30."

"Which one is this again? The Senior Center or the Humane Society?"

"Senior Center."

I took a small step back, doing my best to remain unnoticed as I slid closer to the corner. Gabriel Gordon overpowered the small space, making it impossible to ignore him. Dressed in a tailored grey suit, he looked entirely too beautiful to be real. I only caught a glimpse of his tie, but it was as pale a blue as the color surrounding his pupils. The strip of white at his neck brought out the myriad shades of gold in his beautiful hair. If I leaned a bit closer, I'd be able to indulge my nose's desire to take another whiff of his deliciously scented cologne.

Damn, but he was still a gorgeous man who wrecked havoc on any female within eyesight-including me.

Oh, not fair. Not fair.

Gabriel's voice was just as deep and husky as it'd been in high school. Hearing it brought back to life countless memories I'd rather not have relived at the moment. I noticed the woman who'd kept the doors from closing surreptitiously peeking up at him from beneath her lashes.

I'd seen that look often enough to know Gabriel had just scored another infatuated heart to add to his collection. And I still had twenty-eight floors left to go. Gabriel had fifty-four which meant I'd have to pass him to leave.

Shit.

Come on, Emma! Stop being a little chicken. He's so deep in conversation with his assistant he probably won't even recognize you!

True. I had lightened my dark hair with generous blond highlights and had switched from glasses to contacts. I'd also grown a few inches too, vertically and horizontally, no longer possessing the willowy frame of my youth. I was the last person in the world he'd be looking for and our accidental proximity wouldn't do anything to change that. So basically I needed to calm down.

Right. Calm down when Gabriel Gordon, the only man I regretted loving and leaving, stood only a few feet away.

Good luck with that.

The elevator soon rolled to an elegant stop. "Excuse me," came out of Samaritan Girl's mouth. She sounded breathy and excited.

Gabriel instantly stepped aside. His smile lit the dim elevator like a thousand watt bulb. "Of course. Thank you again for holding the doors."

"Anytime!"

"What's your name, dear?" he asked gently when she remained by his arm.

"Samantha."

Samantha the Samaritan's lingering seemed to irritate his assistant. I wondered how much of his precious time was wasted watching his employer flirt with anything in a skirt. How I pitied him!

This was exactly why I wanted to pitch a fit when I learned my company was moving into Obelisk Point. Everyone else was excited by the glass curtain walls, observation decks, plazas, lightening-fast elevators, multi-level gym, helipad, and swimming pools.

Yes, swimming pools.

Not me. I wanted to stay where I was and not have to do a daily commute to Gabriel Gordon's magnificent building. Never mind that it actually shaved about 15 minutes off my drive. Nope, that wasn't enough inducement for me. I simply didn't want to relive my high school years again, but here I was doing just that.

Lovely. Really. It's not like I have to get back to work. No, I can stand here all day long while you two chat each other up.

Irritated, I looked at my watch. I wished they'd hurry it along and not because I was feeling uncomfortable. And I definitely was not feeling the pinpricks of jealousy. No way.

Really.

Okay. It was obvious I lied. I did feel jealous. I felt more than jealous. I felt dangerously possessive, an emotion I had no right to feel, especially considering how things ended between us. So I stewed in my corner, recognizing my pettiness and yet unable to do anything but grit my teeth.

My pride won't let me run so hurry and go. Please. Just do this somewhere else where I can pretend it isn't still affecting me.

"I don't want to hold you up any further. Thank you again for your kindness, Samantha."

The long-suffering assistant immediately began speaking to Gabriel afterwards, leaving the woman no choice but to walk out the elevator with a smile and a glassy-eyed stare.

Geez, nothing ever really changes, does it?

I swallowed my rude snort. Or at least I thought I did.

Gabriel looked over his shoulder, heaven blue gaze mildly curious before widening in electric shock.

"Emma?"

I cleared my throat and did my best to pretend that this wasn't the absolute worst thing to happen to me since I left him standing on my porch seven years before.

"Hello, Gabriel."

He turned fully towards me and beamed with pleasure. The smile he'd given Samantha the Samaritan instantly paled in comparison. Gabriel's simple movement of lips and teeth created a blindingly beautiful greeting. It slayed my irritation over being caught, leaving me in a low-grade panic.

I was as vulnerable as ever to him and I had nowhere to run.

"Emma, this is a most pleasant and welcome surprise."

I couldn't exactly say the same so I murmured something vague but polite. Gabriel saw right through it. He stepped closer and murmured, "Still don't like me much, do you?"

My mouth dropped open. His assistant's dark brow raised a notch before he turned to look up at the mirrored ceiling. My cheeks flushed with embarrassment. I lowered my voice and answered, "I don't dislike you."

"But you did."

"No, I didn't."

"It sure didn't feel that way from where I stood."

Was that a dig for how things ended between us? It probably was. Flustered, I haltingly apologized. "I'm sorry I made you feel that, Gabriel. Really. I always liked you...even when I said...well, you know."

I was telling the truth, but I couldn't blame him if he didn't believe me. I never disliked Gabriel but leaving his bed, turning down his offer to be his only girl, and never speaking to him again sure as hell didn't support my claim.

"Yeah?"

"Yeah." I could see in his eyes he knew what I was talking about.

"There's no way in hell I'd ever be your girlfriend, Gabriel. I know who you really are. I'm not mad enough to ever put myself through that kind of misery. I'm worth more than just being a notch in your belt. A lot more."

The strident voice of my seventeen year old self faded from memory, leaving me alone with the twenty-five year old man I had once said those vicious words to. Sadness washed over me as I once again wondered if I had made a mistake in turning Gabriel away.

"I'm glad to finally hear it." His lazy-lidded gaze sparkled with mirth, nearly disguising a flash of stark sadness.

Guilt prickled me. That and regret.

Gabriel Gordon the billionaire was invincible and impervious to mortal weakness. Gabriel the young man I'd watched for so long wasn't. I knew better than believing the outside was any real indication of a person's insides.

Tenderness evaporated when I heard him ask smugly, "So for how long did you pine over me, Emma?"

"W-What?" I sputtered, apparently still unable to coherently speak. "Pine over you? Did you really just use the word 'pine'?"

"Was it just senior year or all four of them? I bet it was all four of them, wasn't it?" Gabriel leaned closer. "I mean, you spent so much time staring at me. It had to be about more than just my good looks."

I crossed my arms and re-crossed them, feeling like an awkward teenager again. "That's pretty arrogant of you."

"Sure it is. I'm always arrogant. Now answer the question."

"I don't have to answer that, Gabriel. And you really shouldn't be asking."

"Oh yes. There it is!" He leaned closer and murmured, "That's what I've been missing."

Confused, I frowned deeply. "What are you talking about?" My sour tone should've put him off. Instead, it made his expression crease with delight.

"That attitude, Emma, and the little wrinkle that forms right here. I see it hasn't gotten any bigger so it must only come out when you're talking to me." His fingertip tapped the bridge of my nose lightly.

Gabriel's brief touch warmed me. My body instantly recognized the sensation, blooming with joy at feeling him again. Apparently it hadn't forgotten that long ago night either.

"It's not nice of you to point out my wrinkles, Gabriel."

"But it's my wrinkle, Emma. I'm very proud of its existence."

I choked on a laugh and tried to disguise it as a cough. He saw right through me. Again.

"So tell me, Emma..." He drew out my name in a way I hadn't heard in so many years.

"Yes?" The elevator steadily rose higher. I was sure I should've reached my floor by now. Glad I hadn't, I let myself enjoy the moment of being with the man that had always fascinated me so.

Gabriel took a step closer. He towered over me, making me utterly aware of his body. Even though I had grown a few inches so had he. I was back to being a blade of grass struggling to grow in the enormity of Gabriel's shadow. Or a moth battering against the window, wanting so badly to come inside and become one with his light.

Gabriel's lips curled into another amazing smile. He reached out and ran the back of one finger against my cheek. I closed my eyes, finding it harder to breathe. I'd gone so quickly from petty resentment to this liquid sensation. I wanted to lean closer to him, to rest my head on his chest and hear his heartbeat.

"How many years was it?"

I looked at him in confusion. It was difficult to think while his finger continued its slow slide up and down across my warm cheek. "How many years was what?"

"How many years did you like me, Emma?" His gaze darkened as he stared at my mouth. "How many years did you like me like I liked you?"

There were too many 'likes' in that sentence. A girl should have some secrets, but standing there, so close to his exquisite face and seeing myself reflected in his crystal blue eyes, I decided this was one I didn't have to keep anymore.

"Longer than even I realized. Long after graduation."

Gabriel nodded slowly, seemingly still fixated on the shape of my mouth. "I wish I had figured it out back then."

A small hum appeared in my throat. I swayed towards him. His hand left my face, moving down until his fingers curled around my wrist.

"Did you almost want to die of regret?" Gabriel asked abruptly, in a harsh near-whisper.

My eyes widened. Shocked by his question, I looked over his shoulder, seeing the still silent assistant now standing there with back discreetly turned to us.

"Don't look at him! Stay right here with me."

I obeyed immediately, gaze refocusing back on his. My mind was in too much of a jumble to make sense of my uncommon reaction.

"Did you ever regret saying no to me? I need to know, Emma."

I dangled on the question, feeling like I shouldn't answer just because he demanded it of me. It was instinctual. I didn't want to be controlled by anyone, no matter how alluring the command. Still, Gabriel never truly fit in the parameters I set for myself and the outside world.

He never had and that's why I knew Gabriel for the walking danger he was. He threatened me by being like the sun, for tempting me to love him for simply existing and staying forever out of my reach.

So did I regret saying no? Of course I did. But then again, maybe I was crazy because I still couldn't face the possibility of yes.

"I did but-"

"No, I don't want to hear the rest." Gabriel closed his eyes. A shudder went through him. His entire body relaxed, unwinding from tension I didn't see he carried until it was gone. "I finally know what I needed to know."

Moments passed with suspended anticipation before I asked softly, "Which is?"

Gabriel speared me again with his brilliant gaze. "It wasn't just me."

The breath left my body. My fingertips itched to trace the sharp lines of his cheekbones. "No, it wasn't just you."

"I scared you then, didn't I?"

Then? Gabriel scared me now. He was everything shimmering beyond the veil of my reality. The comparisons between his world and mine always left me feeling disoriented, like a visitor in a perfectly maintained castle. Something exquisite meant to be experienced and lusted after-but only for a short period.

Look but don't touch.

"Yes." The word slipped out before I could capture it. "You still do."

"I'm sorry for that, Emma. I really am."

The elevator stopped and the doors opened. Visiting hours were over. I twisted my wrist. Gabriel let go. Smoothing my hands down my skirt, I managed a brief shaky smile. "I better get going."

"Why? We just started our talk."

"I've reached my floor."

"Really? That quickly?"

"Yes."

He glanced over his shoulder. "Floor twenty-nine. Med-Tech. You just moved in."

I made an affirmative sound, suddenly wishing I really didn't have to leave. I loved the way he'd just looked at me, sweetly as if I was a precious sight. How did Gabriel still have the power to do this to me? Where was my wall, the one I frantically built and rebuilt when he'd decided to woo me seven years before? Was I so susceptible to his charms like everyone else?

Do I really have to ask that question when I already know the answer?

I had to put distance between us.

"It was good seeing you, Gabriel, but I have to go." I made to step around him when he stepped in the same direction, neatly blocking me. "What are you doing?"

Gabriel ignored my question. Amusement danced in his gaze. "Do you like working there?"

"Yes."

"How well?"

"A lot."

"Any chance of you leaving?"

"Why?" My stomach clenched. Had I totally misread the situation? Maybe Gabriel didn't fancy tripping over me, much like I hadn't fancied it for the past month.

"I could always use a brilliant mind like yours at Gordon Industries."

I let out an incredulous laugh, relieved that he wasn't politely asking me to find another place to work far from him and his high-tech building. "You're kidding!"

Gabriel's smile died. He shook his head. "No. I'm not. What do you do at Med-Tech?"

"I'm a junior analyst."

"That doesn't surprise me. What division?"

"Sales and Marketing."

He nodded his head. "You should come work for me. How much time would you need to give your notice?"

"Are you...Gabriel...you're...are you out of your mind?"

"Perfectly sane."

"I am not coming to work for you. I like where I'm at now."

"Okay. I'll double your current salary."

"No! It's not about money."

"If it's not money then what would it take to get you to come to me?"

"Nothing!"

"Don't say such things to a man like me, Emma," he warned with a lazy grin. "I'll see it as a challenge I can't resist."

I tried to step around Gabriel again. He blocked me once more.

"Gabriel! Let me pass!"

"Not yet."

"But I'm due back from lunch." I hated the whining quality of my tone. I tried again. "I have to go."

Gabriel approached me. I took one small step back before hitting the wall. His arms caged me. Leaning forward, he mused, "What happens if I keep you with me? Let's say I don't let you off this elevator and instead take you to my floor. Then I keep you in my office for the rest of the afternoon. What do you think will happen to you then?"

Given the intimate cadence of his tone, I wish I could say I didn't imagine lots of exposed flesh, but I can't. Memories of our one night together rose up to possess me once more. Gabriel may have only been a boy back then, but he'd still given me the best pleasure of my life. What would it be like now?

Dizzyingly intense. We'd make love for hours, stopping only to catch our breath before beginning again. Gabriel could take me on his desk, floor, and wall and it still wouldn't be enough for me.

Lust sank deep. I wanted to tangle my fingers in the hair curling sweetly at his nape. I wanted to rise up on tip-toe and feather my lips across his, teasing and tempting him to take what I feared to give.

Gabriel whispered my name, yanking me away from my seductive, self-destructive side. Flushed with suppressed passion, I shook my head. Once again I could barely remember what he had asked. "I don't know."

"Here's a scenario-they'll fire you."

"Why would you even want that?" Gabriel's unrepentant grin sent a shiver through me.

"So you'll be free to work for me."

"Well, they wouldn't fire me and even if they did, I still wouldn't work for you."

Gabriel stepped back and crossed his arms. He looked at me so long that I had to fight the urge to fidget. "Challenge it is."

I looked around and noticed Gabriel's assistant. I was embarrassed to realize I'd forgotten all about him in the last minute. "Is your boss always like this?" I asked him in exasperation, expecting to receive a discreet eye-roll.

Instead, the older man removed his attention from the ceiling, looked me straight in the eye, and emphatically answered "Never."

Oh. Awkward didn't even cover it.

Gabriel called over his shoulder "Rick, go on without me. I'll be up after seeing Ms. Adams to her floor."

"Sure thing, Gabriel."

"I don't need you to see me-"

"Hush, Emma." He erased the distance between us until his shoes touched mine. Keeping his muscular body firmly in the way between me and the still-open door, he stated, "We're in negotiations."

"No, we're not."

"Rick?"

Rick paused just inside the elevator. "Yes?"

"I still have my plus one for tonight, correct?"

"Of course."

"It's just been filled."

"I see. I'll call ahead and have her put on the list."

"Have who put on the list?" I asked Gabriel, already knowing the answer but unable to believe the audacity.

"Why you, silly."

"You've got to be joking!" Things were moving too quickly. I couldn't keep my bearings straight.

Gabriel shook his head gravely. "I never joke when it comes to you, Emma."

My gaze once again darted over his broad shoulder to catch Rick's attention. Unfortunately, he'd already exited the elevator, holding his hand up when a couple tried to get on. "I'm sorry but this one isn't going down."

"We're going up."

"Ah, so am I. We'll just catch a ride on this one over here."

The doors closed, leaving me alone with Gabriel. He turned away from me and inserted a key into the panel. The elevator remained on my floor. Gabriel looked up at the ceiling and made a motion across his neck with his hand. He then sauntered back to my spot in the corner and smiled.

"Now where were we?"

"Who were you signaling?"

"Security."

"Why?"

"I don't want Security gawking at us." The expression on my face made him laugh long and hard. "Don't worry, Emma. I'm not going to molest you in the elevator. Yet."

Oh my God!

I was left tongue-tied, much like I was in school when Gabriel would say something outrageous. "Why did you have your assistant leave?" I managed to ask in a terse whisper.

"Because I wanted to talk to you in private," he mimicked.

Now he wanted to talk to me in private? "About?"

"About you." Gabriel studied my mouth, fixating on it like he had the night of our first kiss. "Only about you."

I blinked quickly, feeling overwhelmed by his presence and my delicious memories. "Gabriel?"

"Yes, Emma?"

God, how I always loved the way he said my name! Warmth drizzled over me. "Where are you going with this?"

"As far as I can go. And then further than that."

I have to admit my heart skipped more than a few beats. Still, I had to ask. "Why? You didn't even know I was here until a few minutes ago."

"Yes, a terrible shame that. You should've come up to see me on your first day instead of hiding."

I wanted to squawk that I hadn't been hiding but we'd both know it for a lie.

"I would never have done that, Gabriel."

"I know." He reached out and played with ends of my hair.

"Do you do this with every girl from your past you come across?"

"No."

"Then why me?"

"I've spent enough time living with regret over you, Emma. I don't fancy spending any more time with it." Bringing a heavy lock up to his nose, Gabriel inhaled deeply. "Your hair smells wonderful."

I didn't know what to say. Ten minutes ago all I could think of was the data import scheduled for three. Now Gabriel stood before me and neatly decimated my understanding of the world and apparently also liked my shampoo.

"Gabriel...I...what the hell!"

"Well, that's a promising start," he teased. Gabriel flicked his chin with my hair before releasing it. "Now onto the negotiations."

"You're serious?"

"Absolutely." He leaned against the wall across from me and put his hands in his pockets. His casual position was at complete odds with the steel running through his words. "I'm going to see you everyday. You can either work for me to facilitate that or you can eat at least once a day with me. Your choice."

"Everyday?" I had no intention of leaving my job to satisfy his whims, nor did I eat lunch out everyday, so why was I even indulging him?

Because you like it. Because you want him to chase you again. Because you've always missed him since saying goodbye.

"Unless I have an appointment. In that case, you'll join me for dinner."

"And if I have plans?"

"Work or personal?"

"Either."

"Work is unavoidable until you're under my employ. Personal will have to be cancelled unless there is a very good reason not to. Any other questions?"

His bossiness ruffled my feathers, probably as intended. "That's pretty damned arrogant of you, Gabriel."

"We already established that personal trait, Emma."

"Yes, but you still take it as a compliment when it's not."

He preened, polishing his nails on his lapel. "So what's your answer?"

I sighed. "Okay, one lunch and maybe one dinner."

Gabriel shook his head. "Unacceptable. I want all your lunches and dinners."

My hands found their way to my hips. Damnable pride reared up to cause me more problems. "My significant other would have a problem with that, Gabriel." I didn't know why I said it, especially considering I'd never really had a significant other, but now it was too late to backtrack.

Damnit, damnit, damnit!

"I'm sure he would...if he existed."

"Excuse me?" Heat crept up my neck. Was I just that bad of a liar or did Gabriel think it was impossible for me to find a boyfriend? Either option didn't feel all that great.

"You heard me. You. Don't. Have. One." He smirked. Smirked! "I checked your ringer finger, Emma. Beautifully bare. As far as anything less serious than a husband, if you did happen to have a special guy, it would've been one of the first things you said to me. And if by chance you actually do have one, I doubt you'll keep him for long now that you've reconnected with me."

The nerve of this man! I bristled because it was true. Most of it. A lot of it. Enough of it. Defeated, I tipped my chin up and attempted to cobble together a veneer of dignity. "Fine, there is no significant other."

"Yes, I know."

"Could you please not rub it in, Gabriel?"

"I wouldn't dream of it. Now, an answer please."

I re-crossed my arms. "For how long?"

Gabriel inhaled deeply, looking over my head as if he were seriously considering the question. The tiny grin playing about the corners of his mouth let me know he already had an answer long before I asked the question.

"How about for a month?"

"A month."

"Too short? Very well-two months."

"I didn't say it was-"

"Too late. Two months of lunch and/or dinner." When I remained silent, Gabriel cajoled, "Come on, Emma. Say yes. You know you want to."

"That's hardly going to make me say it, Gabriel."

"Ah, I forgot. Your pride is so damned prickly. Let go about it another way then."

I lowered my brows and glared at him. Gabriel only laughed.

"It's just two months, right? If it makes a difference, see it as a friendly reconciliation of two friends."

"We weren't friends," I pointed out softly, unable to stop myself. "How could we be? You were you and I was me."

"Really?" Gabriel shrugged and admitted, "I always thought of you as the only real friend I made back then."

It felt as if the floor was crumbling beneath my feet. I never even considered he thought of me as anything other than the one irritating girl that turned him down. The conversation had suddenly taken a sharp turn into territory I wasn't ready to visit.

Gabriel continued as if I hadn't inadvertently insulted him. "Scratch friendly reconciliation. Think of it as two acquaintances attempting to be friends. Or maybe-"

"Stop. Okay."

"Okay to my terms?"

"Yes."

Gabriel straightened. "Okay it is."

Why was I giving in so quickly? Because I wanted to. Because I always wanted to give in and now I finally could. I wasn't a young girl on the brink of forging her own path away from near-poverty. I was my own woman and the woman I was wanted this. At least for a little while. I never realized how much I would come to miss his presence when I turned him away seven years before. This was my way of making up for lost time.

"Now onto the next point, Emma..."

I held my hands up. "No. You've won the food issue. Now, I really have to get back to work. I'm five minutes late as it is."

He sighed, pouted, and then shrugged. "It's postponed then."

"Not postponed. Done."

"Not a chance!" Gabriel reinserted his key into the panel. He pressed a button on the doors promptly slid open. "You're my next campaign, Emma. I won't give up until you say 'yes'."

"Yes to what?"

"To everything. Now, shall we go?" Gabriel held out his arm and waited.

It was then I realized once and for all that nothing had really changed. My heart still yearned for the one thing she could never really have. Loving him was like trying to love the sun-I was destined to burn.

I reached out and linked my arm with his. I winced as if scalded.

"Are you okay?"

"Fine."

Gabriel's smile simultaneously soothed my wound while making it ache.

CHAPTER THREE

"Emma, how much longer are you going to make me wait? You're taking forever and everyone's already gone. Emma? Emma?"

I stared at the computer screen, intent on scanning the spreadsheet and ignoring the lounging man who was taking up almost all the space in my miniscule cubical.

Several moments passed in expectant silence.

"Emma?"

I felt my chair rock forward. He kicked the base of it with his foot! I sat up straight and drew forth all the patience in my soul. "What is it, Gabriel?" I was very proud of how calm I sounded when all I wanted to do was smack his leg. Hard.

"How much longer? It's already six."

I huffed and spun around in my chair. You would never guess this man was a mostly self-made billionaire by the amount of whining I'd had to listen to for the past ten minutes.

"I shouldn't have let you walk me to my desk. In fact, I shouldn't have let you walk me inside period."

"Why not?"

"Then you wouldn't be here right now and I'd be able to work in peace."

"That's not a nice thing to say," he pointed out, wounded frown inexplicably tugging at my conscience. Before I could mutter an apology, a wicked grin made him out to be a naughty boy indeed. "Besides, you didn't 'let' me do anything. I was coming in here regardless. I own the building, remember? I can go wherever I please."

"Yes, but I still regret it nonetheless."

Earlier, I gathered several curious stares from the females populating Med-Tech when we both walked in from lunch. A few recognized Gabriel and immediately looked between us in speculation. He took it all in stride, barely acknowledging the growing attention and instead focused on me. It was high school all over again.

When we reached my cubicle, he took one look at it and asked, "This is where you work?"

"Yes." I was pretty proud of my space. I was the first person in my family to have an office job. My mom had crowed in delight when I mailed her the pictures of my new space. (She didn't believe in digital photography, preferring I send her hard copies of any important images.) I also purposely neglected to tell her I was in the building of my prom companion.

Gabriel continued to study the space with a frown. "Look how ridiculously tiny it is! You can barely move. Prisoners have more room than this."

"Gabriel! Ssh!" I lunged forward and covered his mouth with my hand. His warm mouth kissed my palm. I felt the imprint burn right through. I snatched it back, fully aware of the tingle spreading across my body. Lowering my voice, I whispered, "I work here and I happen to like it very much."

His smirk promised it wouldn't be for long. Not wanting to chance him bringing up the ridiculous job offer, I said, "Besides, I'm sure the cubicles on your floor are the same size."

"No, they're not. They're at least twice as big."

"Really? Are you sure?"

"Of course."

Gabriel stayed for another minute before promising to come back for me by six. When I asked him why, he rolled his eyes. "Don't tell me you've already forgotten? You're my date tonight for a fundraiser."

I had forgotten. Formal events didn't rank high on my list of wonderful things to do. "I'm not sure, Gabriel. I don't really like-"

"You'll like this one."

I tried another angle, one that he couldn't be mean enough to deny. "I don't have anything to wear."

"I'll take care of it."

When I opened my mouth to argue some more, Gabriel tapped me on the lips and ordered, "Get to work, Emma. I'll see you soon. Don't try to sneak out of the building. I've got eyes everywhere you know." He walked away with a jaunty whistle, leaving me stumped and wondering how I lost control of the situation.

That was barely four hours ago. Now all Gabriel wanted to do was get me to stop working.

"So, are you done yet?"

"No."

"Emma, it's practically empty around here. Nobody else is working."

"You don't have to stay, Gabriel."

"But I want to."

"Then please do it in silence." I lifted an eyebrow and waited a beat before turning my chair back around.

As soon as I refocused on the computer screen, he complained, "You really haven't changed, have you? You were always so damned fussy about your work in high school too. Every single time I tried to get you to cut class and join me for a better tasting lunch, you always said you couldn't because of work."

"And you weren't fussy enough, Mr. I-Slept-in-Class-All-Four-Years."

I imagined the self-satisfied grin plastered on his face when he casually remarked, "Oh, it was totally worth it. Trust me. Besides, I think I turned out alright."

"Of course, you did. You already had a nice leg up in life, Gabriel. I can't say the same and that's why I have to work like a dog, understand?"

"I only came in with something like ten million or so. Barely a splash of cash. I made the other 997 million on my own," he muttered under his breath.

"Come again? I didn't quite catch that, Mr. Gordon."

"Nothing." Gabriel cleared his throat. "Can I ask one more thing?"

I leaned back in my chair and stared at the ceiling. "Ask your one more thing and then let me work in peace, okay?"

"We really will need to leave within the next ten minutes. Can you do that for me?"

I sighed and spun back around in my chair. I glanced down at my watch, mentally calculating what I needed to finish and how long it would take. "I can be done with this in three but only if I have absolute silence."

"Deal." Gabriel zipped his lips shut, crossed one long leg over the other, and clasped his hands over his knee.

I couldn't help but laugh. "You're such a little kid."

"Only for you. Oops! I'll be quiet now."

Still chuckling, I returned to my work. I checked the final rows of figures, ensuring all the data had imported properly without any dropped fields. Everything had to be right because tomorrow I was going to take the mountains of data and translate it into a series of graphs that would showcase how each of the products had performed last quarter.

I loved numbers and so I truly enjoyed my work.

Just a few seconds short of three minutes, I saved and closed the file. "Done."

Gabriel immediately shot out of his chair. "Ready?"

"Let me shut down the computer and then we can go."

"Hurry."

I had barely managed to turn off the monitor when Gabriel took hold of my arm. "Come on, Emma."

"Why are you in such a rush?" I barely managed to grab my purse before he completely hauled me out of the cube.

Gabriel looked over his shoulder at me and grinned. "We have to get you ready for the ball, Cinderellie."

I struggled to keep up with his long-legged stride. "Gabriel, slow down."

"No time." He stopped and scooped me up in his arms. I cried out in surprise. Gabriel tossed me in the air and I let out a shrill scream.

"Put me down!"

"Nah, I like where you're at. Although I think you deafened one of my ears." He tossed me up and I screamed again. "You'd better hold on or I'll keep throwing up in the air."

I put one hand high on his shoulder. It wasn't good enough.

"Tighter, Emma. Tighter...tighter...too tight! Way too tight!"

I relaxed my grip around his neck while lecturing, "Gabriel, I work here! Someone might see us!"

"Nope. No one's here to see you try to strangle me." He turned in a full circle, showing me all empty cubicles and darkened offices. "See? It's Friday. Everyone else is out living their lives."

"Except me, huh?"

"Well, yes, but not anymore because I'm here to save your night."

I groaned and spoke to the heavens. "Why do I think I'm going to end up regretting this?"

"What's there to regret? We're two high school acquaintances who happen to work in the same building-"

"Which you own."

"A pesky detail that has no bearing on the story, Emma. So there." He strode down the hall and out a side door I'd never noticed before. Gabriel correctly read my surprised expression. "You see, this really proves my point that you're just too serious. You need to get out more. Explore. Live. Learn all the doors to your office space. Don't let the man hold you down, girl."

"Gabriel, honey, you are the man. And I still say you're not serious enough."

"We'll just have to agree to disagree, won't we?" Gabriel whisked me into a thankfully empty elevator. "The Girl from Ipanema" played overhead. He hummed along, really getting into it. I started humming too which encouraged him to sway from side to side with me still in his arms.

God, I didn't want it any of it to end. Gabriel made me feel alive and connected to the world around me. He was the color to my colorless, passion to my passionless.

The song ended too quickly. Although I loved feeling his body against mine, somebody had to be the grownup. It probably wouldn't do well for his reputation or mine to be seen this way. Still, I wished I could keep playing with Gabriel a little longer. "I think you can put me down now."

"Do I really have to?"

Okay, screw being the grownup.

"You can carry me later when my sore feet refuse to take another step."

He considered it for a scant moment. "Deal."

Gabriel set me down gently. I already missed his touch. I made myself stand upright next to him. I didn't allow myself to lean my head against his arm. I didn't take the beautiful hand that dangled mere inches away from mine.

He's so dangerous especially because he doesn't act like it. If only he knew what a mess he made of me...

As if he had heard my secret wishes, Gabriel grabbed my hand when the doors opened. "Let's go, Emma! We're going to have so much fun tonight-I promise."

His boyish enthusiasm was infectious. I tossed aside my worries, knowing there was nothing for it but to see where all this was going to take me tonight. Relieved by my impulsive decision, I found myself hurrying alongside, appreciating his smaller stride, but breaking free from it until I was pulling him along.

Gabriel called out a farewell to the security guards as we breezed right past their desk. "See ya, Bobby! Keep it cool, Mr. Jackson!"

"You too, Mr. G." they replied in unison.

"Mr. G? I like it!" I whispered.

Gabriel laughed and hurried us through the turnstile door. We hit the crowded sidewalk, hand in hand, breathless and giddy. Gabriel wound us through the living throng until we arrived at a limo waiting by the curb. A black-suited young man promptly exited the vehicle. He nodded to us both as he opened the door.

"Emma, this is Waylon. Waylon, this is Emma."

"It's really nice to meet you, Miss Emma." The driver flashed his teeth, a crinkle of a smile really, but friendly nonetheless.

"Likewise, Mr. Waylon."

"Just Waylon, ma'am." He tipped his head so I tipped mine in return.

"Now that the introductions are over..." Gabriel tugged me inside where the door closed behind us. Collapsing against the leather seat, I looked over at the beautiful angel playing at being human. "Convertibles no longer your thing so you get a limo? That's your ride to work?"

"Yes, well, I'm lazy. I counteract it with daily workouts, but I still don't want to walk far."

"You live close by?"

"A couple of blocks away."

"So you live a couple of blocks away and still drive to work?"

Gabriel grinned unabashed. "Don't judge. I told you already-I'm lazy. Even if I wasn't that lazy, there's still the weather. Winters are brutal and summers are just as bad. No way am I walking to and from work during those times." He shuddered comically.

"Remind me to talk to you about living green."

He bit his lip and mumbled, "Living green. Ah, sure."

I rolled my eyes dramatically. "You're incorrigible and I can't believe I'm here with you!"

"Fate is a lovely lady."

"I'm glad you think so."

"Aww, be nice." He tickled my chin and laughed when I batted at his hand. "Feisty as always...I love it!"

I scooted away when he reached for me again. Safely out of his long arm's reach, I crossed my legs. "So where are you taking me?"

"Off to the shops."

"Shops?" Discomfort sheared the edges off my bliss. I really didn't want to put a big dent in my savings account. I hadn't thought about cost when I grudgingly agreed to go. Shoot!

"Don't give me that look, Emma. You said you didn't have anything to wear. I'm fixing that."

"All right, but keep it within reason. No couture or super-expensive gowns. If that's what's expected, then you might as well drop me off back at the office."

"Don't worry. We're not going to the Met Ball. Tonight's fundraiser will only require something pretty. Nothing super-expensive. I promise."

"I'm holding you to that."

"I'm sure you will." Gabriel patted the space right next to him. "You're very far, Emma. A little too far. Why don't you come this way a bit? The seat is much nicer in this spot than the one you're at now. That spot is lumpy you know."

"Lumpy?"

"Yep. Terribly lumpy. It's apt to bruise you. I'd hate to have that on my conscience."

"Right." I slowly slid back towards him until we were almost thigh to thigh. "You know I don't remember you being like this."

"While I remember you being exactly like this."

I cocked my head, curious to hear what he thought of me. "Like how?"

Gabriel gestured with an elegant flick of his wrist. "You were like an adorable bunny with very sharp teeth."

"A bunny? You saw me as a bunny? Food of all predators. Wow."

"But a bunny with very sharp teeth, Emma. Don't forget about the teeth." He crossed his leg and stretched his arm along the top of the bench seat. "So how do you see me now? Well, I hope."

"Playful. Cheerful."

"I was the same then too. Remember? I always teased you."

"Yes, but this is different. Back then..." My voice trailed away. Gabriel waited patiently for me to find my words. I thought to pick them carefully but they came out blunted. "Back then there was always an undercurrent of rage and sorrow with everything you did. You were a volcano ready to explode."

Gabriel didn't deny it. "You always did see too much." Before I had a chance to reply, he reached for my hand. "And now?"

My heartbeat sped up. Feeling his palm against mine excited me. I struggled to pretend that I wasn't affected by his touch. "Now it seems that you're happier."

"People change. Usually for the better." Gabriel looked out the window, seemingly watching the life happening outside the slow-moving limousine. "Would you have been mine if I'd been more like this, Emma? Happy and non-volcanic?"

I swallowed hard. My hand remained in Gabriel's. I squeezed it, heart sore that I couldn't tell him something better. "No, I wouldn't."

"Why?"

Could I risk baring myself to the question, to him? "I didn't want to be just another one of your girlfriends, Gabriel. Easily replaced, easily forgotten. I didn't want to be like that."

And I became them anyways when I went to bed with you after Prom. The fact that I could never forget you shows how bad off I am for you.

"You were never in danger of being like them, Emma. Never you."

I always wanted to believe and that was I couldn't trust myself around him. Forcing a casualness that didn't apply, I breezily said, "You say that but I'm sure you said that to them too."

His large frame stiffened. "I never said anything of the sort to those girls. They knew where they stood."

"Then why would they go out with you?"

"Emma dearest, I hate to sound conceited but do I really have to answer that?"

"No, I guess you don't." I sat next to him, uncomfortable but determined to know more. "So why did you go out with so many of them? Because you could?"

Gabriel kept his attention on the window. "I suppose that was one reason."

"And the other?"

"Because you wouldn't notice me otherwise."

I blinked rapidly, stunned at the suggestion. "Are you saying you wanted me to be jealous?"

"Were you?"

The question throbbed between us, leaving me in the position to either serve my pride or serve my truth. "Yes. Terribly."

A faint smile traced across his mouth. "Clever me. Unfortunately, the very plan to get you to notice me is what ultimately drove you away. That's really why you left me, isn't it? It's because you thought I was incapable of being with you for more than a night."

My free hand gestured futility. "I just didn't think you'd stay. Why would you? I didn't have money like you and I wasn't anything like the girls and women you went out with. Your friends would've never accepted us and I doubt you could take me home to meet your parents. It was doomed before it ever started."

And it probably still is.

God, I hated how pitiful that made me sound!

"Oh, Emma." Gabriel faced my fully. "You were always above us all. Why can't you see that? And why would I ever leave someone as precious as you? Do you know why I slept so much in class? It's so that I could watch you watch me." He brought our clasped hands up to rest against his heart. "It's what I lived for each day-waiting for you to see me, to look at me as someone worth knowing."

My mind and heart couldn't process everything he confessed. It was too tragic to think I'd been my own worst enemy when it came to the man I'd fallen in love with but wouldn't let myself have. "Are you really telling me the truth?"

"Always."

My suddenly damp gaze dropped to my lap. "Did I really misjudge you that badly?" I braved looking back at Gabriel, ashamed of the pain I'd caused us both.

"Of course you did." His lopsided smile did nothing to diminish the melancholy in his gaze. "I didn't help matters though, did I?"

I shrugged, unable to explain how seeing him hop from bed to bed made it impossible for me to believe that anything we shared was really felt by us both. After all, I still remembered walking in on him making love to Brandy Peterson on a table.

Gabriel had wanted me to really see him when in truth I wanted the same. I had wanted him to see me as someone unique and not just an interchangeable body. Believing that he couldn't had made me kill us off before we had truly ever begun.

Assumptions make great fools of us all.

Gabriel closed his eyes and inhaled deeply. He exhaled in a loud rush of air. Kissing the back of my hand, Gabriel brought it down into his lap. "Look at us! We're on our way to a party and here we are moping like a couple of bitter old ladies. This is no time for a trip down memory lane."

Still unable to speak, I bit my lip and shook my head. I did my best to smile through my tears. Unfortunately, it didn't help matters any.

"Oh, Emma. I'm so sorry." Gabriel wiped the lingering tears away with the pad of his thumb. "I'm such a clumsy brute to make you cry. There, no more tears. I'm not worth it, truly I'm not."

"Gabriel-"

"I promised you a good time and a good time you will have. So you simply must stop crying, please."

I didn't want him to think he wasn't worth it. Not for another moment. Not after all the damage I'd inflicted on him.

"Gabriel, you've always been worth a lot to me. Too much, I think, which is why I'm always such a bitch to you."

"A bitch? You? Never."

"Yes, me. We both know I've always been mean to you. Even today. I'm just a mean, terrible woman who-"

"Should just go eat worms and cry."

Gabriel always had the gift of laughter. This time was no different. I giggled in spite of myself.

"There, there." His hand lingered on my cheek. He brought his forehead to rest against mine. "You're so incredibly sweet, dear Emma. How have I managed all these years without you?"

My heart jumped into my throat. I licked my lips, unable to keep myself from imagining Gabriel leaning just a tiny bit closer. I wanted to experience his divine kisses again. I needed to feel that memory wasn't all I'd ever have of them because I'd been too afraid to trust.

And frankly, I desperately wanted to feel Gabriel inside me in all ways, wherever and however he wanted.

"Stop it."

"Stop what?"

"Stop thinking those naughty thoughts, Ms. Adams, or I'll forget the very nice man I've learned to become and revert back to the very bad boy who'd think nothing of seducing you in his limo."

"Maybe I wouldn't mind it." My tongue flicked against the lush curve of his lower lip. He tasted sweet like candy so I did it again.

Gabriel growled and muttered a prayer. "No. We're not going there. Not yet. I'm all that is good and respectable now. I'm not the kind of man who would push you on your back and rip off your panties. I'm also not the kind of man who would put my mouth close to here," Gabriel touched me high on my thigh, "and see if you could possibly taste as good as I remember."

My body turned against me, violently demanding I dust off my feminine wiles and use them against this beautiful creature sitting only scant inches away. I didn't care about the fundraiser. I didn't care about shopping. I didn't care that Waylon was only a few feet away behind the dark partition.

I only cared about Gabriel and what I wanted to do with him.

"That sounds..." My words trailed off as my scrambled brain tried to think of something seductive enough to sway him against being a good boy. "Decadent."

Decadent? That's all I could come up with? My feminine wiles obviously had more than a thick layer of dust on them. They also still had the wrapper and were NRFE-Never Removed from Emma-until now.

Although it seemed they worked well enough for their first try because Gabriel hummed low in his throat and purred, "Decadent, invigorating, debauched, immoral...pick your synonym and I'll claim it, Emma."

The air between us charged with sexual longing. I brushed my fingertips against his sculpted cheekbone, much as I'd wanted to from the first time I'd laid eyes on him again. My skin tingled as if electricity surged between us. Time slipped away. Looking deep into his eyes, I whispered, "Gabriel, how do you do this to me?"

"I could ask the same of you." Gabriel turned his head and kissed the inside of my wrist. He licked small patterns across the surface before grazing his teeth across the skin.

I moaned his name, shamelessly asking him to do it again. My heart hammered so hard I was sure he had to hear it. "You're in control, while I'm just so easy to manipulate when it comes to you."

Gabriel left off my wrist and lunged forward. His mouth brushed the corner of mine, kissing a trail down to my neck. Sharp teeth sank into my over-sensitive flesh. I arched against him with a low cry.

He could have me now and I'd beg for more. I sensed Gabriel's struggle, his need to be different the same as mine. Except I didn't exactly want him different, I just wanted him to be mine again. And to make that happen, all I'd have to do is kiss him on the mouth. Long ago we couldn't stop kissing once we started-I was eager to see if that still held true.

"No, not like this."

"What?" I swallowed a harsh cry of disappointment when he pulled away violently.

"We're not going to start like this, Emma. I'm not going to mess things up by f**king you here and now. I'm going to be a good guy this time around. I have to be."

"Why?" I breathed, body aching to press up against his again.

"So you don't leave."

"I won't-"

"I know," he asserted with a wolfish baring of his perfect teeth. "Because I'll lock you up so you can't sneak out again."

"Good plan." I pressed my legs together tightly as I imagined the infinite ways Gabriel could lock me up. "Ah, I mean that is good to know. Being good is a good thing and all..."

He watched me flounder for a bit. "Speaking of good, are you good now, Emma?"

Expert at hiding things, I managed a cheerful smile. "Absolutely. You?"

"Absolutely not."

I wasn't sadistic enough to say I enjoyed his apparent discomfort, but I was glad to know I wasn't the sole one affected with sexual frustration. The limo pulled over to the curb and shut off. Gabriel pushed a button and the partition slid down. "Give us a moment, Waylon."

"Sure thing, Mr. Gordon."

Once the black glass slid up again, Gabriel ran a hand through his hair. "I'm sorry, Emma."

I was genuinely surprised by his apology. "What for?"

"For putting a damper on the whole damned experience. I messed this one up good."

"You didn't. Honestly. I'm actually glad we had this talk."

"Glad?" Gabriel's skepticism presented itself in the form of raised brow and sour frown. "Glad that I brought up my man-whore past and made you cry? Emma, your standards have sadly dropped when it comes to me."

"No, they haven't and yes, I'm glad. Now I don't have to spend the rest of the night wondering when and if you were going to bring up the past."

"Are they such bad memories for you?"

"No, not necessarily. Just some of them. Like how we ended for example."

"I understand more than you know." He activated the partition again. "We're ready now, Waylon."

I waited until it slid up again. "We could've just opened the door ourselves, Gabriel."

"Yes, but then Waylon would've been offended."

"Why?"

"Because opening the door is part of his job. You have to let people be who they are and not make apologies for how you help them." With that cryptic piece of advice, Gabriel straightened his tie and smoothed back his hair.

The door opened. The outside world severed whatever questions I would've asked. Gabriel stepped out first and held his hand for me to take. "Shall we, Emma?"

I placed the tips of my fingers across his palm.

CHAPTER FOUR

Gabriel swept us into a small boutique, all done in beige, ivory, and blush pink. The dark hardwood floors were spotless, the lighting flattering, and the two attendants beautifully coiffed and attired like living, flawless mannequins.

I also noticed the store was empty except for the four of us.

"Mr. Gordon, so happy to see you!"

"Mr. Gordon, what a delight!"

"Good evening, Melissa and Meredith." Gabriel was all warmth and smiles. When inclined, he had a way of making everyone around him bask in his presence.

Uneasy, I resisted the urge to flinch when both blond women turned their clear gazes onto me. Maybe it was the scene in Pretty Woman, but mostly likely it was bitter experience that I expected them to visually measure my worth with one glance and find me lacking.

They did nothing of the sort.

"Welcome to our store, Ms. Adams. My name is Melissa and this is Meredith. I will be helping you select a gown for your function tonight."

"Hello, Melissa. It's nice to meet you." I stuck my hand out, feeling gauche the moment I saw confusion dash across her classically beautiful face. She settled her cool hand in mine before I could draw it back.

"It's lovely to meet you as well, Ms. Adams." She squeezed my fingers in greeting. "If you'll come with me, I can show you the selection I took the liberty of setting aside when Mr. Gordon contacted us this afternoon."

Following Melissa, I looked over my shoulder at him. He stood there, looking absurdly pleased. "Call me when you're ready for me to see what you've decided on, Emma. I'll be on pins and needles until then."

"Ah, sure."

He winked at me, gaze on mine until I turned away. Rounding the corner into the back of the space, I heard his cultured voice ask in a low whisper "Do you have the gown I ordered last week ready for this Sunday?"

Was it my imagination or was he trying really hard to not be heard? I didn't want to be suspicious. I had no right to be. The gown obviously wasn't for me-so whose was it?

It's none of my business. I don't have a right to feel angry about something that has nothing to do with me. Gabriel and I have reconnected, but that doesn't mean we've moved to anything beyond friendly. Regardless of how close we got in the limo. Especially because of how close we got in the limo.

Melissa snagged my attention with a rack of diaphanous, glittering floor length dresses.

"Mr. Gordon estimated your size. I'm sure he's right, but please allow me to measure to make sure." Melissa bade me to hold my arms out before snapping the tape measure tight against my waist. "Perfect eye. He's spot on."

Suspicion pumped into my brain like poison. Gabriel knew enough about women to know their sizes by sight alone. He also had placed an order for a gown at the shop a week before for someone else.

Perhaps something pretty for his girlfriend?

When it came to Gabriel, women always were found in close proximity. Why should it surprise me that he'd be buying a dress for someone else? No, but even he wouldn't be so low as to cheat on her, would he?

"Is there a particular dress that you favor, Ms. Adams?"

I looked up, realizing I'd been staring at the rack without really seeing any them. "Ah, I...they're all so beautiful." I smiled, genuine in my praise. "I'm afraid I won't know how to choose!"

"If you don't mind, I think this one would work perfectly with your frame and coloring." Melissa pulled a gown so pale a violet it nearly looked white at first glance.

My gaze devoured the beautiful dress, instantly falling in love with its delicate splendor. Designed as an A-line silhouette with silver embroidery accenting the shoulders and waist, the dress reminded me of Grecian gowns of old. Fabric draped to the waist from one shoulder. I instantly imagined it fluttering down by my elbow. While a V-neck split the bodice, I knew my modesty was safe because it wasn't deep at all.

I touched a crystal adorning the elaborate silvered band going along the waist. This truly was the loveliest dress I'd ever had the pleasure of seeing in person.

"Do you like it, Ms. Adams?"

"No. I love it."

Melissa smiled, obviously pleased by my response. "Would you like to try it on then?"

Brushing aside my troublesome thoughts, I nodded and went into the large dressing room as directed. The salesgirl followed right behind, surprising me a bit with her presence. I expected her to hand off the gown and wait for me outside.

Instead, she hung the fabric confection on a silvered wall hook. "You will need undergarments." Melissa went straight to an enormous armoire settled on the back wall. "Do you have a particular preference for the cut of your underpants?"

"No. Yes. No thongs please."

"Of course." Melissa asked for my bra size. She then promptly pulled out an exquisite ivory set festooned with darker lace and adorned with violet ribbon. The matching bikini panty was just as gorgeous. One look at it and I knew it had to be worth at least half of my monthly rent.

I sighed inwardly, already saddened by how quickly my savings was going to dwindle away tonight.

But I did agree to go. No use complaining about it now.

That much was true. I should welcome new experiences. After all, how many times would I be able to say I went to a charity function with a billionaire?

It'll be a nice story to tell my grandkids one day.

I took the set with thanks. I waited to see if Melissa was going to leave. She remained where she was, hands crossed politely by her waist.

We stared at one another for several moments, neither side willing to move forward or back. Finally, Melissa asked with a friendly smile, "Do you need help with your skirt zipper, Ms. Adams?"

I didn't but I answered, "Yes, please." This seemed to have put us both at ease. I'm sure there wasn't anything I had that Melissa hadn't seen, but I was still uncomfortable with the process of undressing in front of a complete stranger. As if sensing my embarrassment, Melissa started a steady stream of conversation, one that required very little from me.

She told me all about the young dress designer, explaining how this was from her first collection. "We're quite excited about it. I'm confident we'll see many more phenomenal designs from Lanita Smith for years to come."

I nodded, unable to do more because my knowledge of fashion was extremely limited. I wore mostly black, not because it was slimming but because it allowed me to mix and match my modest wardrobe. While I could afford to acquire more clothes, I was on a mission to save every extra penny I made so that I could buy a house. And not just any house either, but one with a pool, manicured gardens including an arbor, and a circular driveway with freshly paved asphalt.

I'd already talked to the current owners, a sweet couple in no hurry to sell and willing to wait for me to finish saving up the 30% for the down payment. It was a house my mother had admired for all the years she had cleaned it and in six months it was going to finally be hers.

My ultimate goal reminded me of how many months I was going to set myself back with this little excursion.

Pleasure evaporated. I was so tempted to sneak out and scurry back to the office so I could drive home. Tonight was supposed to be 80's movie night anyways. Who had time to play socialite when the daughter of a maid knew better than anyone that she'd never be able to pass as someone who belonged in that world?

Gabriel will probably be a little peeved with me, but I can take it. What I can't take is the bill, I'm sure.

Melissa smoothed a hand down my side. She fussed with the fabric at my shoulder until it lay just so. "Done! You truly do the dress justice, Ms. Adams."

I braved a glance at the mirror. I liked what I saw-too much. My cheeks flushed with pleasure. "It is very pretty, isn't it?"

I suddenly wanted it. Badly.

Damnit! Just when I made up my mind...okay, here's what I'm going to do. I'll buy the dress and then wear it again when I present my mom with the keys to her new house. That way it'll be special for another reason and will then be well worth the cost.

"Would you like to try on another gown?"

"No, this is the one." I couldn't imagine trying on another dress for tonight when this one existed.

She inclined her head. "Would you like me to have Mr. Gordon informed of your choice then?"

Remembering what he had asked me, I replied, "Sure." Before she exited the room I called out to her.

"Yes, Ms. Adams?"

I felt foolish asking the question, but I was bound to feel more foolish by not asking it. "Is he going to come in here or should I go out there?"

"Mr. Gordon is waiting in another one of our dressing areas. It allows him more privacy and keeps the curious from taking pictures outside the store."

"I see." I hadn't thought of that. I wondered how big of a problem it was for him with social media being what it was.

Does Gabriel really not want to walk to work or is it he can't walk to work?

Melissa exited the room with "I'll be back to escort you, Ms. Adams, in just a moment."

I busied myself with folding my clothes and underwear in a neat pile. The smiling attendant came back just as I was looking for a bag to put everything in.

"Meredith will take care of your things, Ms. Adams. If you will follow me please."

Take care of my things how? Still unsure with how things worked in high-end boutiques, I figured I'd grab my stuff after seeing Gabriel. I'm sure she wasn't going to throw them away, so maybe she'd just bag it for me? I hoped so.

Melissa escorted me to another room just down the hall. I walked in and saw him lounging in a chair, looking all the world like a well-content prince.

His smile froze as he studied me in my finery.

"Well, how do I look?" I wasn't supposed to be short with him, but seeing Gabriel brought back all the prickly questions of wondering what I was doing with him if he possibly had another girl he was involved with.

The worst part of it all was pretending that I wasn't disappointed. I couldn't show that to him. I couldn't complain. I never could and that was the hardest part of it. I had to hide all my discomfort, all my pain, and pretend someone like him wasn't capable of hurting me.

Which wasn't true at all.

Still, all I could do was build my walls high enough and hope he didn't accidentally level it like he did the night he took my virginity.

I don't have the right to be jealous and I don't have the right to expect anything more out of him. No matter what happened in the limo or what mostly likely won't happen tonight.

Habits were a bitch to break apparently.

Gabriel got up from his chair and circled me. "Emma, Emma, Emma. I'm almost afraid to take you now. Maybe home would be a better option for us both."

That wasn't the reaction I expected. I wanted to cross my arms defensively but didn't. I fisted my hands and tipped my chin up. "What? Does it look bad?"

"Bad?" He stopped in front of me and smiled gloriously. "I always knew you were divine, but this will let the whole world know it as well. And I'm afraid I don't want to share. Some handsome waiter will surely whisk you away along with the empty champagne glasses."

Relieved that he didn't think I looked a mess, I shook my head and sighed, "You're way too dramatic. I'm just a girl in a dress, not some runway model goddess."

"I don't think I'm dramatic enough and runway goddesses have nothing on you. See? Look at how beautiful you are, Emma. It's enough to make me weep."

Gabriel turned me towards the ornate mirror. With him standing behind me, I saw that I finally looked like I matched him. Maybe barely, but barely was enough.

"Beautiful, yes?"

"The dress? Absolutely!"

Gabriel rested one hand about my waist. "Don't be coy, Emma. You know you're gorgeous. Too gorgeous to be let out of my sight for long. I'm going to have to fight for your honor tonight when all those dirty old men start ogling you. Don't say I didn't warn you, Emma, when the dentures start hitting the ground."

Tongue-tied, and very aware of Melissa still in the room, I mumbled something between a "Thank you" and a "Be quiet."

He laughed low in my ear. "You're so adorable." Gabriel stepped away when his phone rang. "Excuse me. I have to take this call." I let out a breath I didn't even realize I held when I heard him say "Rick, change of plans. I need you to have my tux delivered here. It's already on the way? You're so good. This is why you're the best!"

So what if the call was from his assistant and not a lady friend? There was no reason for my stomach to feel as it were bursting with happy little butterflies. I took the opportunity to walk over to Melissa and ask her softly, "How much is the dress?"

She didn't bat an eye. "Four thousand. Plus tax."

Holy f**king shit! Four f**king thousand dollars! No. No way I'm spending that much on a dress I'll wear for a couple of hours. I can celebrate the house closing with something else.

Red-cheeked and panicked, I calmly whispered to her, "Obviously I'll pay for the undergarments but I can't wear this." I could only hope the bra and panties were much less than the dress.

Please don't be more than the dress. Please, please, and pretty please!

Gabriel startled me when he appeared next to me. "Why? You don't like it?"

"No, I like it just fine. It's beautiful. It's just..."

"Then what is it?" He looked genuinely confused.

Damn rich people! Why are they so oblivious to how the rest of the world works?

I took a deep breath, ignoring my growing flush and the mute salesgirl standing a few feet away. There was no shame in what I had to say. None. People on a budget couldn't afford shame when everyday bills came knocking.

"I can't afford this, Gabriel."

His shoulders relaxed and the pinched twist of his mouth loosened. "Ah, then there's no problem." Gabriel addressed Melissa. "Charge it, and everything else, to my account."

"Of course, Mr. Gordon."

"Melissa, do not charge it to Mr. Gordon's account. Gabriel, I'm not going to let you buy this dress for me."

He ignored me. "Melissa, charge it and let us have the room please."

I clenched my jaw in frustration when she turned around and immediately obeyed his gentle command. I started in on him as soon as the door closed. "You're not going to change my mind."

Gabriel let out a long-suffering sigh. "Did you honestly think I would have you buy your own dress tonight?"

"Yes, I did."

"Why would I do that? You're my date and I intend to take care of you fully."

"I don't need that, Gabriel, and I never asked for it."

"I didn't say that you did." He held his hands up. "I appreciate the independent woman you are. Truly I do. I love how you've made your own way without help from anyone and I respect how important that is to you. But in this instance, tonight, can you try to appreciate the doting man I am for just a little bit?"

"Gabriel..." I thawed, pride no longer wounded but still unwilling to let him have his way.

"Please, Emma? I can't let some spoiled socialite take this dress after seeing you in it. She'll never appreciate it the same way you will. It will probably hang in her closet, forgotten with the tags on it, or worse-worn and then tossed aside like a napkin because she can't possibly be seen in the same thing twice. You wouldn't do that. So please, let me help this dress find a wonderful home. Emma, it belongs to you."

He was so passionate, so earnest that I began to feel like perhaps I was the crazy one for not letting him be generous. "How can I let you buy this for me? Do you know how much it costs?"

"I do," he said slowly and carefully. "I came here because of the cost."

"I'm sorry. Come again?"

Gabriel shrugged helplessly. "It's the least expensive place I know, Emma."

Oh my God. What to say to that? I said as much to him. "This is blowing my mind. You have no idea what is affordable and what isn't, do you? Personal budgets mean nothing to you, do they?"

Gabriel neatly sidestepped my accusation. He tried another tactic, one more at place in the boardroom. "We're at an impasse based on differing expectations. So you should yield to mine, Emma, and let me win this round."

I crossed my arms and cocked my hip. "That tact won't work with me, Gabriel."

"No? I didn't think it would, but it was worth a try." He cleared his throat. A slight flush tinged his high cheekbones. "It would mean the world to me, Emma, if you let me buy you this dress. This is the truth."

Shoot! How could I deny him when he asked so sweetly? Unfortunately, my pride refused to give in with a little bit more fight. "I don't know, Gabriel."

"Why?"

"It's just that it costs so much. I don't feel right letting you pay-"

"But I demanded you to be my date, putting you at a disadvantageous situation. Let me pay for my bullying, Emma, and I'll let you pay for our post-function meal."

This threw me a bit. "Dinner isn't going to be served?"

"Oh, it will."

"Then why are we still going to be hungry tonight?"

Gabriel spread his hands helplessly. "While these fundraisers are for a great cause, the food portions are so tiny. Miniscule actually. And the chicken is always rubbery too."

I slanted an amused glance from beneath my lashes. "Tiny and rubbery too?"

"Abominably so. The organizers really should ashamed, but it's part of their benevolent, yet cutthroat, plan. Keep our stomachs empty so we drink more and bid more. I always leave these types of events half-drunk and starving."

"Oh, you poor, poor man."

"I know, right?"

"Starving, huh?"

"What? I'm a large man. I need to eat."

I poked his belly, feeling the hard muscles leap at my touch. "Just like I suspected-not a lick of fat. I think you're just letting me think I won something in our negotiations, Gabriel."

"What? Who? Me? I'm hurt, Emma. Simply hurt! I'd never do something so underhanded like that!"

"No, but you'd admit you're a bully?"

"Always. Only for good when it comes to you though." Gabriel crossed his heart.

I surrendered, completely unable to resist him. "Okay, you win. You can buy my dress plus the other things that are under it." Whoa! That came out a little more flirtatious than I intended.

"That's my girl!" Gabriel grabbed my hands and moved my arms back and forth. My entire body shimmied from his play. "Now let's find you some shoes."

I forcibly shelved my prickly nature aside. "Okay. Let's do that. The prettiest, sparkly pair we can find."

Mock horror possessed his expression. "Emma, are you all right?" He dropped my arm and pressed his cool palm against my forehead. "You didn't even argue a little bit. I'm shocked!"

"I can throw down if it'll make you feel better. I've got plenty of things I can rail about starting with-"

"No, no! I like you agreeable just fine." His mouth twisted into a kissable pout. "It's the sparkly things, isn't it? I must remember that for the future. Maybe I'll carry a pocketful of Swarovski crystals with me at all times."

"Maybe you should."

Gabriel kissed my temple. "Done." He strode away and poked his head out the door. "Oh, Meredith and Melissa? My Cinderellie needs shoes please. Tons of sparkles. Crystals, sequins, the works!"

I discreetly touched the spot where he kissed me. I imagined I could still feel the outline of his sensuous lips. He easily pleased me with little bits of affection. That was for sure.

Gabriel held the door open as the two women immediately marched in with boxes of footwear.

"I took the liberty of getting your shoe size from your heels, Ms. Adams. Please let us know if there's anything here that doesn't work or if there's anything else you'd like to see."

Overwhelmed by the veritable sea of containers, I nodded my head. "I didn't realize you sold shoes here as well, Meredith."

"We don't. I had these delivered from the shop next door."

That quickly? "Oh, I see." It continued to boggle my mind just how easy the rich had it. Everyone bending over backwards to accommodate your wishes, privacy extended based on name alone, goods brought in so you wouldn't have to tire out your feet in search of them-no wonder Gabriel kept calling me "Cinderellie."

Normal people never got to experience this.

Gabriel clapped his hands together, easily pulling my attention straight to him. "Can I help, Emma? I'd love to if you don't mind."

I didn't expect the billionaire to have such an affinity for shoes. "Feel free if that's the kind of stuff you like."

"Good. Why don't you sit there and I'll sit here." Gabriel crouched down amidst the stacks. "Meredith and Melissa, I can assist Ms. Adams with her selection. Oh, and the girls are here, correct?"

"Yes, Mr. Gordon."

"Wonderful. Please be so good as to let me know when my tux arrives. I'll take it from here in the meantime."

They both murmured their agreement and left the room, closing the door after them.

The girls? Who could they be?

I sat down on the seat he'd vacated earlier. Gabriel dug into the boxes, separating those he deemed unworthy, and leaving a small pile of five shoes for me to choose from. I discreetly peeked at the discarded footwear, trying to see if there were price tags.

Nothing.

"Do you see anything you like? If not, I'll send out for more."

"I'm sure any of these will be fine."

Gabriel rolled his eyes. "Just like you only tried one dress and picked it without trying anything else."

"You don't like it," I replied flatly. Well, I didn't care if he didn't like it-I liked it and I was going to wear it. So there.

Right, Emma. Sure. Keep telling yourself that.

"Of course, I like it. It's just that you didn't explore any other options. Why is that?"

"I didn't need to try on ten dresses when this one made me happy."

Gabriel studied me, the fringe of his long lashes making it hard to decipher the look in his eyes. "No dilly-dally. I like it! Careful there, Emma. You're already spoiling me dreadfully when it really should be the other way around."

His praise warmed the tender, lonely places inside my heart. "You're ridiculously easy to please."

Gabriel sat down on the floor in front of me. "You don't know the half of it." He reached beneath my gown and pulled my foot onto his thigh.

"What are doing?" I pulled my leg back. His fingers manacled my ankle.

"What does it look like? I'm helping you try on shoes."

"You don't have to-"

"It's already been established I don't have to do a lot of things, but I'm going to do them anyways. Now hold still or I'll spank you!"

I flopped back against the velvety gray armchair. "Have it your way, Mr. Bossy."

Gabriel's grin took on Cheshire proportions. "Things will go so much easier if you would just remember that."

"Don't push your luck, Gabriel."

"I wouldn't be me if I didn't push. Now what do you think of this one?" He held up a gorgeous model with a moderate heel and silvery crystal straps.

"It's beautiful."

"Yes, but do you like it?"

To me beautiful was synonymous with liking, but apparently Gabriel thought differently. "I do like it and would like to try them on." I made to stand up when he shook his head.

"Not yet. Let me put them on your pretty little feet first." Gabriel set about unbuckling the delicate shoes. "Have you given thought to how you'd like your hair dressed?"

"Actually, I hadn't." I wasn't about to admit that I merely planned on running a brush through it. I assumed I'd have to leave it hanging long and straight since it was a last minute affair.

"There's a small salon in the back. Annette and her girls are already waiting for you."

Ah, so that's who he meant.

"All you have to do is tell her how you'd like your hair and she can do it. Annette's quite talented. If you're unsure about what would look best, you can leave it up to her. I promise you won't be disappointed. She and her girls are the best."

How'd he know?

Every sign of Gabriel's ease with navigating this ultra-feminine world put another brick in my wall. My irrational jealousy wasn't his fault, but if he wasn't available or was taken then he shouldn't be escorting me to some function.

And if he had thought I'd be amenable to a roll in the hay, then Gabriel Gordon had another damned thing coming.

Lies, now is it? Where was your restraint in the limo? Didn't seem like you were willing to put on the brakes then. And the worst thing about it is this-Gabriel knows how easily he could've had you. And he still turned you down. Now think on that!

"Stop frowning."

I looked down at him in surprise. "I'm not frowning, am I? Besides, I thought you like my frowns."

"Yes, when it involves my wrinkle. Your thoughts are not bringing up my wrinkle, so I don't like them. Hence, stop it." Gabriel slid the shoe around my foot easily.

"Fine, fine. I won't argue with you about this."

"Good."

"Fine."

"More than fine."

"Gabriel, do you just have to have the last word?"

"Usually."

The man really had no shame! In an effort to change the subject, I asked, "You said Annette had girls. What do they do?"

"One does nails and the other does makeup. We have plenty of time since you've been such a peach so make sure you get both sets done."

"What's wrong with my nails?" I didn't mean to sound so belligerent...okay, maybe I did.

Gabriel pressed one of my unpainted toes. "Nothing is wrong with these adorable piggys. You don't have to put on polish if you don't want to. You can just do a French manicure and pedicure if you'd like."

"And I take it you're footing the bill on this as well."

"Of course." Gabriel took my other foot in his hand and slipped on the matching shoe. His fingers easily buckled it in place before going back to fasten the other. "I only bring up your nails because of the event. I don't want you feeling incomplete. I just want you happy."

Happy. It seemed to be a new concept we were practicing with one another and having a rough time of it. He was getting me dolled up in the misguided idea that it would make me happy. I was here to make him happy. Was I just as misguided?

"Gabriel, you can be the sweetest man sometimes, you know that?"

He puffed his chest out and thumped it in pride. "I try. You make it pretty hard though."

"I try." I took the sting out of my words by brushing his hair back.

Gabriel leaned into my hand, eyes drifting close. "Like I said, you're spoiling me, Emma."

Oh, Gabriel, you do make it hard for me to keep you out.

I reluctantly dropped my hand and stood up. I took several practice steps until I reached the mirror. I stuck my foot out, rolling the ankle from one side to the other so I could study the sparkly shoe. While the heels weren't my usual type of footwear, I had to admit they were marvelous. My foot looked so dainty but my unpolished nails caused me to reconsider his offer.

Why stop now? Might as well go all out.

Indeed. I'd get my nails, hair, and makeup done and not feel one smidge of guilt. This was an experience and regardless of what didn't happen between Gabriel and me, it didn't mean that I couldn't enjoy my night. Especially because based on history, there probably wouldn't be another.

"How do they feel?"

"Good. Not nearly as pinched as I'd expect shoes like this to feel."

"Mmm. Why don't you try these on as well?"

I glanced at the pair he held aloft. They were also another crystallized creation of heel and bejeweled accents all held together by an impossibly slim strap except this time in a deep purple.

Shoe lust pounced.

I quickly made my way back to the seat and set about unbuckling my shoes. Gabriel brushed my fingers aside, proprietary as he sniffed, "Allow me, Ms. Adams. I am familiar with your foot and know best how to attire them."

"Please, by all means don't let me interfere with your expertise. I've only had them for twenty-four years."

Gabriel bowed his head solemnly. "Very good, Ms. Adams."

"You're hopeless, you know that?"

"Only when it comes to you."

Uh oh. Gabriel nudged a brick out of the way. "You flirt as easily as you speak. One day you'll say those pretty words to the wrong girl and she'll strangle you."

"I assume you're speaking of yourself?"

"No way! I wouldn't strangle you. Not on purpose anyways."

"You're right. You'd just look right through me as if I was already dead." Gabriel removed the silver shoes and set them back in their box. He went on as if he hadn't brought up exactly how I'd treated him before. "I don't want to prejudice you, Emma, but I think you're going to really like this pair."

I wanted to rewind the conversation, but was too cowardly to do so. I did look right through him and pretended the magical night we shared never happened. I know I was capable of doing it again.

"The color is gorgeous."

"It will contrast beautifully with your gown." Gabriel slid my feet into the second pair. Although I hadn't put weight on them yet, I thought these felt more comfortable despite the higher heel. He buckled them quickly. I stood back up and took several steps. My gait was smoother than with the ones I tried on first.

"These are it."

"You haven't even looked at them in the mirror."

"I don't need to."

"Are you sure?"

"One hundred percent."

Gabriel smoothly stood up. "Okay. Ready for Annette?"

"Do I just go back there or is someone going to come get me?"

"No, you can go on by yourself. Walk out the door, turn right, and she's in the last room on the left. I'll have these other shoes sent back and join you in a few minutes."

"Okay then." I headed out. Pausing at the closed door, I looked over my shoulder and asked, "Do I want to know how much these set you back?"

Gabriel shrugged, impish grin making him look much younger than his twenty-five. "No, you probably don't."

I let out an aggrieved sigh. "Okay. Make sure the post-function meal is a good one so I can at least feel that I'm not taking total advantage of you tonight."

His smile faded. "I don't think you'd even know how, Emma."

Once more awkward and completely unsure of what to say to him, I ducked out the door. Meredith, hovering at the end of the hallway, saw me and took me to the back to place myself in Annette's fabled hands.

We walked into a cozy room equipped with several mirrored workspaces flanked by a two-chair sitting area. "Here's Ms. Adams!" Meredith announced to the adorable pixie with a shock of vibrant pink hair to match her tennis shoes. Her two assistants were just as petite, one with blue hair and the other with red. They waved at me and smiled warmly when I returned the greeting.

Annette hopped off her patterned step-stool. "Hello! Please sit down," she gestured with a tiny hand.

I gingerly sat in the salon chair, demurring to the offer of a beverage from Meredith. The lovely blond inclined her head and left the room, leaving me with three adorable women with a flair for the colorful.

Annette climbed back on her stool. She ran her fingers through my hair, studying it and seemingly making mental notes about the quality and texture. "So how would you like to be styled tonight?"

I considered curls, always liking the soft romantic air they lent me, but my eye was on the clock. "I think a chignon would work well."

Annette pulled back my hair. "Good call, Ms. Adams."

"Please call me Emma."

"Emma." Her mirrored smile revealed two dimples. "I'll get you set up and then hand you off. Just to let you know, this isn't exactly our normal way but Mr. Gordon was adamant that we'd have to move ASAP to get you ready in time. Usually we'd all be about pampering you a lot longer."

I looked at my watch. It wasn't even seven yet.

"Is it really going to take a while to get me ready?"

"Actually, no." She took a brush to my hair. Annette's quick fingers then smoothed some kind of product into my hair before separating it into sections. "I think he assumed it would take longer for you to pick out your dress and shoes."

In the midst of the quiet we heard "Annette?" The blue-haired girl waved from across the small space.

"What's up, Linnette?" she replied while never pausing in her work.

"I can go ahead and start her pedicure while you're setting her hair if you want," she said in a tiny, timid voice.

"No, we're good. Unless you would like that, Ms. Adams?"

"I'm fine with however you all want to handle it." I smiled reassuringly at Linnette, finding her shyness brought out my nurturing side to forefront.

"Cool."

She deftly rolled my hair, something I didn't expect her to do. Granted, I didn't really go to the salon other than for highlights and a trim, so this was all new to me.

"Annette?"

"Yes, Ms. Adams?"

"Is it too late to change my mind?" I know she heard the apology in my voice loud and clear.

"Of course, not." She stopped rolling my hair and waited for my direction patiently.

"Since you're curling my hair, can I switch from a chignon to something a little more glamorous? Something like how women wore their hair in the 40s or 50s?"

"Ah, vintage. Yes, we can definitely do that. Would you like to keep your hair down or up?"

"Down."

"How about we do something ala Marilyn Monroe from the 50s? Curls all around, with this side pinned back and your bang teased up a bit?"

I couldn't quite picture it but it sounded like something I'd like.

"Go for it, Annette."

"Will do, Ms. Adams! Once I'm done rolling your curls, it will need time to set, so I'll have my sister start on your pedicure if that's agreeable with you."

"Your sister?"

"Actually sisters. Linnette, Minnette, and I are triplets. Isn't it obvious?" She punctuated her question with a playful wink.

"Now that you mention it I'm not sure how I missed it!"

Annette smiled in reply and resumed sectioning my hair.

Settling into the chair, I relaxed beneath her capable fingers. I imagined how lovely it would be to have someone do my hair everyday. Highlighting it was my one concession to vanity. Typically, I left it down, pulled back in a low chignon, or a high ponytail. I rarely curled it and usually only for weddings.

This however was nice. No wonder the obscenely wealthy carried such a large staff. There was always someone capable of making life easier.

Getting spoiled is so easy when you have people like Annette spoil you...I have no idea why Gabriel keeps saying I'm spoiling him. Nothing I did would be able to compare to this...

Between Annette's gentle fingers and the soft music piped in overhead, my eyelids drifted closed. It seemed like only a few seconds had passed before I felt pressure on my knee. My eyes flew open and I jerked forward. "Hmm? What?"

"I told you these girls were the best."

"Gabriel! What are you doing here?" I mumbled, disoriented and groggy from my nap.

He laughed and whispered, "Did you already forget about me, Emma?"

"How's that possible? I've never been able to forget you..." My brain had obviously turned to mush to admit that. "I mean, huh, well..."

"Looks I got here right in time." Gabriel's gaze lingered on mine before he turned to address Annette. "Is she ready to go to Linnette?"

"Sure is." Annette squeezed my shoulder. "When Linnette is done, Minnette will do your makeup. You'll then come back to me, okay?"

I nodded and stood up a little too quickly. The room swam and turned dark. Gabriel reached out and steadied me. "Are you okay, Emma?"

"I'm fine. I just got up too fast."

"Are you sure?"

The deep concern in his voice warmed me even as it made me feel disconcerted. "I'm good, Gabriel. Honestly."

"All right." He looked me over, seemingly looking for something that would prove to him that I truly was okay. "Here, let me help you over to Linnette."

Gabriel didn't give me a chance to pull away as he wrapped my arm around his. His solicitousness made me feel like precious porcelain. I still didn't know if I liked it or not.

Was I being cared for or being treated like a fancy piece?

I wish I could just accept what he did without always being so damned suspicious of it. If he was a regular guy, someone more like me, I know I'd already be gone off the deep-end for him.

Gabriel guided me into another plush seat before pulling over a chair to sit next to me. Linnette, much shyer than her sister, didn't say much. She carefully pulled my dress up and then draped a lightweight blanket over it, presumably to keep it dry from the footbath.

She was about to take off my shoes when Gabriel cut in. "Let me do that, Linnette. I am the most qualified person to take care of Emma's feet." The small girl stepped aside as Gabrielle crouched down and removed my shoes.

The attention embarrassed but only when it didn't thrill me. I bit my lip, unsure of what to say when he resumed his seat next to me. I obviously liked him nice except when I didn't.

Oh, I'm such a damned mess. Really.

I noticed he was still in his gray suit. "So is your tuxedo on the way?"

"It's here. It won't take me but five minutes to get changed so I'll do it when we're ready to leave."

Conscious of the women around us, I didn't know what else to say. I definitely didn't want to converse with Gabriel as if they were mute or like living pieces of furniture.

It reminded me too much of how my mother was treated when I cleaned houses with her when I was younger.

"So..." my voice trailed off.

Gabriel yawned theatrically. "Emma, will you be a dear and excuse me for a bit?"

"Sure, no problem." I expected him to get up and leave. Instead, he reached out for my hand, leaned back, and closed his eyes.

The heat from our entwined fingers travelled up my arm and straight to my heart. He instantly figured out my problem and proceeded with a solution. How did he know?

Because he watched me as much as I watched him. What does he think he knows about me and how much of it is spot-on?

Linnette set my feet into the warm, bubbly bath. She brought me a tray of polish, colors bright like liquid candy. "I'd like a French pedicure and manicure please," I said in a whisper, even though I was sure Gabriel wasn't even close to sleepy or asleep.

She nodded quickly and put away the tray. I soon felt her hands on my feet, massaging away the day with a few turns of her expert fingers. I should've been fixated on the magic of Linnette's work, considering this was only my second professional pedicure, but Gabriel firmly had my attention.

Just when I thought I had him figured out, he defied my attempts at categorization.

Like a stone poking into my heel, I thought of the womanizer I'd known in school and the boy who'd bared his heart to me on my front porch.

So just who was Gabriel Gordon? An utter bastard or the sweetest man in the world? I couldn't find the answer, no matter what mental road I traversed. All I could say for certain was that angel or demon, Gabriel still had me in the palm of his manicured hand.

I never stopped wanting you even when I didn't want to want you. And now you're here, making me forget why I shouldn't want you.

While lost in my thoughts, Linnette made quick work of my pedicure. Soon my feet were done, polished and decorated with a gorgeous white strip of color. I reluctantly let go of Gabriel's hand and carefully followed her to a small table so she could work on my nails.

I was grateful for her companionable silence. I watched Linnette work while sneaking glances over to Gabriel. His large body slouched in the small chair, reminding me so much of how he looked in high school. At one point I caught the glitter in his eyes and shivered.

What are you thinking about, Gabriel, when you look at me?

"Are you cold, Ms. Adams?"

"No, I'm fine," I assured her. When I looked back at him, he shifted and rested his head on his palm.

I couldn't help but hope I dominated his thoughts as much as he did mine.

Linnette guided my hands to a small dryer before setting me free. I touched her arm. "Thank you so much. My nails are beautiful."

She ducked her head and waved me to her equally quiet sister Minnette.

"Sit here please, Ms. Adams."

I sat in front of the red-haired girl and watched as she unwrapped a brand new set of brushes. "How would you like me to do your makeup?"

"I'm not really sure. I, ah, well..." Oh, damn I sounded like a total idiot. I didn't know much about makeup either. My work routine involved one swipe of dark shadow along the lash line, a coat of mascara, and a tube of berry-colored lipstick.

"Smoky eyes, Minnette, dramatic, matte foundation, and a light lipstick."

Once again Gabriel came to my rescue. And once again, I felt uncomfortable with how absurdly comfortable he was with all of this.

"Miss Adams? Is that okay?"

I smiled and nodded. I didn't look back over my shoulder at Gabriel while she worked. I held myself still, holding in a sneeze when the powder tickled my nose and even going along with the application of false lashes. We were done in less than fifteen minutes before I was sent back to Annette.

I'd only caught a peek of myself in the mirror, finding the stranger peeking back me disconcerting because she wasn't the person I was used to seeing.

Annette undid my rollers and set about combing out and styling my curls. She worked several different kinds of brushes and combs through my hair, spraying it occasionally before stepping back with a wide grin.

"There! What do you think? Nice, right?"

I couldn't recognize the beautiful woman staring back at me. The perfectly curled hair paired with the perfectly powdered and painted face looked like one belonging to the women profiled in glossy magazines.

I tilted my head, turning it this way and that. Yep, still me. I didn't know I was capable of being this beautiful. Sure, I was pretty in a fresh-faced way but this...this was something I never even imagined being. I smiled tremulously, wanting so much to put my feelings into words that didn't end up with me smearing my mascara.

"Thank you so much. All of you. You've made me look phenomenal."

The three pixies grinned in pleasure and returned my thanks.

Gabriel stood up and stretched. He had yet to say a word. Instead, he marched over to each girl, clasped their hand, and bowed deeply. "Angels, all of you. Thank you for coming here on such short notice."

I watched as they each blushed in pride and pleasure. Gabriel's affection wasn't feigned or polite. Curious, I wondered how he knew them and most importantly, how often did he employ their services?

"You're on the schedule for Sunday, Mr. Gordon."

"I'll see you then, Annette."

I flinched inwardly, needing no further proof that he wasn't as free as I thought him to be.

Gabriel approached me and held out his arm. "Shall we?"

I placed my hand on his forearm, unsure of how to act. The muscles shifted beneath my touch. I couldn't tell if he was pleased by my appearance or not. Usually he wasn't so quiet.

Don't worry about it. Maybe he was really sleepy. Maybe...

I waited until we were in the hallways. "Why did you stay with me?"

"Because knowing you, you'd either apologize for letting them do their work or you'd refuse their help and try to do it all yourself. Go ahead-try to deny it."

My silence proved his point and he knew it. Or at least he thought he knew the cause of my silence.

Who are you going to see this Sunday?

Insecurity dimmed the light in my eyes.

CHAPTER FIVE

The ride to the fundraiser was quiet. Earlier, Gabriel had changed into his tuxedo after escorting me from the salon. I waited in the front, absently looking at the clothes on the racks and trying hard not think about his decided lack of reaction to my appearance or his plans for Sunday. He appeared a short time later, looking so beautiful I could hardly believe him real.

His slicked back hair told me he'd seen Annette recently. The style matched my vintage look and made him look like a Hollywood god of old. His full lips and hypnotic gaze would've been welcomed on the big screen.

Too bad his unsmiling expression wasn't as welcoming in person.

After picking up a bag containing my work clothes and shoes and another one containing his, Gabriel guided me out the door and into his limousine. Now we sat next to another in nauseating silence.

"Do you still want to go with me, Emma?"

I knew it! He's already regretting asking me!

I raised my chin and steeled myself for the inevitable rejection. "You can drop me off at the office if you changed your mind."

"That's not what I asked you."

"I heard what you asked."

"Then answer me please."

I looked out the window. "You have a lot of nerve, Gabriel, you know that? I don't have time for this."

"Why won't you answer me?"

"Why did you ask the question?" I snapped. "You want me to cry off so you don't have to feel bad? Fine!" The limo drew to a stop at a traffic light. I reached for the door handle, fully prepared to hoof it back to Obelisk Pointe.

Gabriel yanked me back against the seat. He shoved his face into mine and growled, "Are you out of your mind?"

"Obviously, since I agreed to go this thing with you when it's obvious-" I clamped my mouth shut.

"Finish your sentence."

I shrugged, mulishly keeping my teeth together.

"You always think the worst of me, Emma," Gabriel muttered inches away from my flushed face. "Why is that?"

"Look, it doesn't matter-"

"Yes, it does! It matters because I won't let you close me out, Emma. Not this time around!"

"Close you out? You're the one who closed me out, Gabriel! You've barely looked at me since I finished getting ready. What? Do I so offend your upper-class sensibilities? Already regretting going slumming, Mr. Gordon?"

I didn't care that he'd narrowed his gaze at me or clenched his jaw tightly. I was too incensed to stop.

"Or is it that your girlfriend might catch wind of you being out with me tonight instead of her?"

A deep frown bisected his brow. "Girlfriend? I don't have a girlfriend!"

"Okay, then maybe your fancy piece will throw a fit that you went out someplace without her. I don't know and frankly don't care."

"Liar."

I clenched my fists hard. Nails bit into my palm, stinging me enough to keep from unleashing my temper onto him.

"Watch what you say to me, Gabriel. I'm not one of your lackeys that you can talk to anyway you want."

"And you better watch what you say to me, Emma. I won't take you lying to me," he spit back just as fiercely.

"What the hell is your problem? You run hot all day and then you turn cold."

He ignored my question which made me want to scream. "What makes you think I have someone on the side?"

I wanted out of the limo and out of being interrogated. "I already told you I don't care. I don't know you and I never did. Your business is your own."

"Don't!" Gabriel slammed his palm against the seat. "Don't push me away like this." His wild gaze beseeched me to answer him. "Why do you think I'd ever do that to you, Emma? Why do you think I'm such a piece of shit? I'm trying so hard to be what you want and just when I think I get there-you push me away. I don't get it!"

I heard another brick slide out and break off when it hit the ground. My anger disappeared. Left with an acute pain in my heart, I whispered, "I don't have a right to expect anything out of you."

"You have all the right in the world, Emma. Do I have to spell it out for you? I want to be with you. I want to see you tonight, tomorrow, and the day after that. I want you to be mine, Emma. I. Want. You. And you know what? I know you want it too."

I did. I wanted it so badly that I couldn't even let myself pull back anymore.

"Whose dress did you order for Sunday?"

Understanding dawned and burgeoning relief edged away the volatility in his gaze. "That's what it was?"

"Yes."

"I should've known." Gabriel grabbed both of my hands and squeezed. "Emma, that was for my mother. She's having a party on Sunday and the dress is for her. Annette and her sisters are her personal beauty team. They came into the city on such short notice as a favor to me."

My ears burned as I felt like the most horrible girl in the world. His mother! Not some ditzy socialite or overworked model or luscious party girl, but his mother.

Still, the tension between us wasn't quite resolved.

"Why did you ignore me in the salon after I was finished?"

"I didn't ignore you." Gabriel lifted my hands and brushed a kiss across my knuckles. "I was so stunned by your beauty that I honestly didn't know how to react."

My insides turned to jelly. "Stunned by my beauty? Really, Gabriel? That sounds so..."

"So what?"

"So unlike you. It sounds pretty lame actually."

"God, you're so mean!"

We laughed together, relief running clear through.

"I was shy, Emma. I knew my mother would grill the girls about you and I didn't want them to report that I dragged you to the floor and made love to you right then and there."

"Okay, now it's my turn to call you a liar."

Gabriel's feral expression silenced my doubts. "Do you want me to prove it now?" He released my hands and leaned closer. "Because I'd like nothing better than to show you how much I mean those words, Emma."

His mouth hovered over mine, tempting and daring me to take him up on his offer. I already knew what he tasted like, what his tongue felt like thrusting in my mouth. It was so sweet...

"What about the fundraiser? I mean, aren't they expecting you?" My lips brushed light as a feather across his.

Gabriel closed his eyes and exhaled. "They are as a matter of fact. Fuck me..."

Definitely! Just name the time and the place!

I licked the corner of his mouth and moaned loudly. I shouldn't have said anything. I should've let him kiss me and maybe more. Gabriel's breathing quickened as if he heard my thoughts. When he opened his eyes, I trembled from the raw hunger blazing from within his electric blue gaze.

"Promise you won't run away from me tonight."

"Why would I-"

Gabriel palmed my chin, fingers pressing lightly into my powdered cheeks. "Promise me, Emma. No running away. Not in thought or deed. Promise."

"I promise."

"If you try to leave, I'll stop you. If you slip out, I'll chase you. I'm not going to let you run away from me. Ever again."

I should've been disturbed by his passion. I wasn't. It thrilled me.

His hard body didn't relax. I felt the restraint as his elegant hand traced across the side of my face. "I can be what you want me to be, Emma. Just know that everything I do tonight is for you. So trust me for a little bit. Just look at me like a normal man. Please."

Gabriel's plea humbled me. I reached out, needing to touch him. My fingers sunk into his wide shoulders. "All right."

"Thank you," he whispered as he pulled me to him in a bone-crushing hug. I hugged him back just as tightly. I didn't want to leave the safety and security of his arms. I wanted to stay wrapped up in Gabriel forever.

Slow down. You're falling too fast.

His scent intoxicated me. I desired him. Lust pulsed thick, seducing me into sliding my hand past his jacket and down his side.

Gabriel inhaled sharply. His lips kissed my ear before he whispered, "You're so sweet, Emma, you know that?"

I shivered when he bit down on my earlobe.

The limo came to a stop, interrupting Gabriel from possibly doing bad things to me. He reluctantly let go of me. His fingers smoothed the fabric trailing from my shoulder. "I got something for you."

"Really?" I smiled tremulously, dizzy and in such longing for him that I nearly begged for him to take me home instead. "You already got me so much."

"Guilty." Gabriel reached into his jacket and pulled out a slender clutch. "I know it's small, but I'm sure you'll want to bring some important things with you."

I accepted it with a shy nod. I don't know why, but this felt more intimate than anything he'd done so far tonight. "Thank you, Gabriel. I'll put my ID in here and some lipstick."

"The lipstick is already in there. Minnette sent it along."

"That's very thoughtful of her and you."

Gabriel raised his one well-formed brow and preened. "I try."

I had enough time to transfer my essentials from my purse into the silver satin clutch before the door opened. An attendant in a scarlet vest stood by, waiting for us to exit.

"Shall we, my dear?"

"Can I just leave my stuff here?"

"Of course."

"It won't get stolen?"

"No one steals from me, Emma." Gabriel's gaze glittered with dark amusement. A dangerous demon looked at me for a moment before the smiling angel returned.

I'd swear it was my imagination if I hadn't made the demon's acquaintance seven years before.

"I'm ready to go, Sir."

Gabriel's slow smile did delightful things to my body. "I'm glad I ran into you today, Emma. Fate is wonderful, isn't she?"

I ducked my head, feeling incredibly shy all of a sudden. He laughed and slid out, all long-legged grace, before holding out his hand for me. I took it and squeezed.

I'd forgotten how wonderful it was to be with you.

Gabriel tucked my arm through his. He kept his pace slow to match my mincing steps. "Are there going to be cameras?"

"Perhaps a few."

"Oh."

"Don't worry, Emma. Just smile at me as if you can't live without me and you'll take a perfect picture."

"Ha! You wish."

"I do."

A rush of conversation hit my ears as soon as we entered the atrium. It was a soaring affair, the kind covered in marble and glass. Lovely, sterile, and packed with people strolling about with vacant smiles.

Check-in was a breeze. We were greeted with effusive cries of "It's so nice to see you here tonight, Mr. Gordon!"

Gabriel clasped several pairs of hands as he went down the line. His smile never dimmed. He was gregarious and beautiful in slow motion. I wondered how sore his jaw was bound to be after tonight's pleasantries. Mine already ached. Maybe I didn't smile enough.

"A picture, Mr. Gordon."

He maneuvered us into place. Gabriel's arm looped around my waist. The large camera staring at us made it felt like Picture Day in school-which I never liked. My lips curled into a stretched smile.

Gabriel called out "A moment please." He leaned down and whispered, "That will never do, my dear."

"What?"

"I know that fake smile and I refuse to have it in our first official picture."

"I can't help how I smile, Gabriel. Take it or leave it."

"I'm sure I can change that." He signaled to the photographer. "We're ready." To me he said, "Look forward, Emma, and say 'cheese'."

I turned my head back to the photographer. Staring at the camera lens, my body tensed as the imaginary countdown began. Just as the shot went off, Gabriel tickled my side. I burst out into laughter.

"Done! Thank you, Mr. Gordon."

I spun around in his hold. "That was a dirty trick, Gabriel!"

"And an effective one," he added, smug over getting his way. "I'm going to get a copy and put it on my desk. Every time I think of you in your cubicle-cage, I'll be able to look up and see your smile."

"You're a bad man," I accused heatedly but with a playful smile.

"Yes, I am, but I try to be sweeter just for you. How's it working so far?"

I slid him a look from beneath my thick, artificial lashes. "Pretty well I guess."

"Good enough for me." Gabriel threaded our fingers together. "Don't let go, Emma, or you're liable to get stepped on."

I had no argument with that. Gabriel stopped several times, cheerfully introducing me without prompting. I got the feeling he was showing me off, but instantly felt absurd for thinking it.

You show off a poodle, not a human being.

Showed what I knew.

"Hello, Cason. This is my charming friend Emma."

Handshake. Handshake. Obligatory comment of how beautiful I looked. Gaze flying above my head to communicate silently with my date. As if Gabriel was responsible for my acquired beauty. Well, I guess tonight he was.

"Murray, how are you? Good to hear. This gorgeous girl is Emma."

Handshake. Handshake. More secret communication.

"Drayton! Great, thank you. Rick has us down for an 11:00 am tee-time next Wednesday. This lovely little lady is Emma."

Apparently I was a series of pet names to identify myself as a pretty adornment on his arm. Gabriel seemed oblivious until he wasn't.

"You probably feel like a doll, don't you?" he asked while keeping an eye on approaching newcomers.

"More like a poodle."

"Hmm, we can't have that, can we?"

Another introduction appeared, keeping me from saying anything caustic in return. I might bitch to Gabriel, but it would only be in front of him. Never anyone else. I pasted on my grin and prepared to be introduced as another string of words that all ended with me being pretty.

"Markus! Good, good. Me? I'm fantastic! I'm lucky enough to be the date of the incredibly clever, ridiculously talented, phenomenal Emma Adams."

This time my smile was genuine.

After running the gamut, we finally had some time for ourselves. Gabriel created a pocket of space for us by a column. He sheltered me from the crowd by placing his body between me and it.

"What do you think so far?"

"It's nice."

Gabriel plucked a champagne goblet from a passing tray. He handed it to me. "Grandmothers are nice. Flowers are nice. So let me ask again. What do you think so far?"

"It's a different experience."

"You're prevaricating, Emma."

I didn't really care for the taste of alcohol but took a sip to buy some time. If I really told Gabriel the truth that I didn't like the crowds or noise, he'd rightfully feel I was an ungrateful person. I didn't want that but he obviously didn't care for my hedging. What to do?

"I like being here with you." My truthful answer pleased him if the crinkling in the corners of his eyes was any indication.

"Nice sidestep there. I'll take it."

I smiled, feeling absurdly thrilled that I'd made him happy. "Do you go to these things often?"

"All the time."

"I guess it keeps you busy."

"Yes, you'll get plenty of practice to get used to them just like I have."

I felt myself beaming like a fool. God, this man had me in his palm! "How do you figure?"

"Well, now that I've come here with you, I can't imagine going to another one without you. It will simply be impossible. Sorry, Emma, but that's just how it is."

"Impossible. Really?"

"I wouldn't lie to you, would I?" His impish grin made me think of a child crossing his fingers behind his back. "So how about it? I'll buy you a dress for every occasion."

Had he already forgotten our little struggle from earlier? "Mmm, we'll see."

"Too ambiguous. How about this, Emma? Why don't I hire you and then you'll get to choose where we go?"

I rolled my eyes. "Why are you so fixated in having me work for you?"

He took my champagne flute and took a leisurely sip from it. "Why are you so fixated in denying me?"

"I'm not fixated. I just happen to like where I work."

Gabriel nodded, mouth twisted into an adorable pout. "Yes, but my company is better. For one, the cubicles are much, much larger. It's at least the size of two, three of yours."

"Are we really back on that again? The cubicle sizes are industry standard and I'm still not convinced you know how big yours are. How much time do you actually spend in one?"

"Fine. I provide better benefits."

"You don't know that."

"You don't know that I don't."

I took my glass back from him. "Tell me true, Gabriel. Why should go work for you?"

"Because I'll get to see you everyday."

I don't have to explain how wonderful those words were to my ear. Gabriel was entirely too charming for his own good because I came really close to believing him.

"You could see me everyday now."

"Yes, but it's not the same."

"How come?"

"I can only see you during lunch."

"Free time is typically during lunch and after work."

"Yes, but only because I'm not the owner and boss of you."

"Rephrase that for me please."

"If I must but I'd rather not."

"Thank you."

"If you work for me, you could have free time whenever you wanted."

"Then I really wouldn't be working, would I? I'd only be pretend working."

"Very well. Then you could be paid to sit in my office. It's a comfortable office, Emma. You'd like it. Plenty of windows and bookshelves filled from top to bottom with books. And not just for show either."

"That does sound nice."

"So when will you start?"

"I didn't say I would." I really shouldn't encourage Gabriel, but it was so much fun. "Now, in what capacity would I operate in your office? As your assistant?"

"I already have Rick. No, you would be my muse."

"Why would you need a muse?"

"Why is the sky blue? The grass green? It just is. Emma Adams is my muse and you should be employed as such."

"What does a muse do?"

"Whatever she wishes. Emma, you'd have your own couch and entertainment area. You could spend your whole day in leisure, never having to do anything you don't want to." Gabriel smiled brilliantly. "I could talk to you whenever I wanted. We could eat lunch everyday and go out to dinner each night. It would be divine."

He captured me against my will. It did sound divine. I saw myself reclining on a crimson fainting couch in his office, draped in something white and airy. My gaze pinned on his fine form, watching him work and do the things that powerful men like him did. Gabriel looked up in my mind's eye, backlit and perfect hair gleaming like a halo. He crooked a finger at me.

It was so vivid. I was in trouble.

"Being your muse wouldn't go well on my resume, Gabriel."

"You wouldn't need one because I'd never fire you."

"I'd be bored lying on a couch all day."

"Then it would be my job to entertain you."

"And how would you do that while running Gordon Industries?"

"I'm quite talented, Emma. I could do both."

I tapped my chin with one finger, gaze slanted towards the ceiling as if seriously considering his ridiculous offer. "It's tempting..."

"Yes?"

"But I'm afraid I'll have to decline."

Gabriel sighed and shook his head. "Emma, Emma."

"Gabriel, Gabriel."

"You're ruthless, you know?"

"Not ruthless. Determined."

"Determined to drive me crazy." He plucked the flute from my fingers and again took another sip.

"You know there are servers with champagne, right?"

"Yes, but that champagne isn't as good as yours and so I won't be able to drink it."

"What makes it better? Is it the kind of champagne?" I rose on my tip-toes, trying to peer down over the top of the glass to see if there was something I could discern to make it different.

Gabriel nodded solemnly. "It's a special blend actually."

"Do they save it just for you?"

"You can say that."

"So no one else can drink it?"

"No."

"Well, that's hardly fair, Gabriel."

He shrugged, completely unrepentant. "I don't like to share."

I hummed low in my throat. I wasn't surprised.

Gabriel lowered his voice to a confidential tone. "Do you want to know what makes it special?"

"What is it?" I asked, wide-eyed and curious, still on tip-toe.

Gabriel crooked his finger. My breath caught in my throat. I wildly wondered if he somehow had special mind-reading abilities.

"Closer, Emma. Closer." I leaned into him until the flute was all that kept my body from touching his. "It's special because it's yours."

My heels sank back down. I couldn't believe he got me! "You're so sneaky and spoiled, Gabriel."

His eyes lit up with laughter. "Not spoiled enough yet, but I'll get there. And feel free to hurry that process up along."

I smacked him on the arm. "You totally tricked me!"

"Did not!"

"Did too!"

"Did not! It's a true fact that which belongs to you is naturally better."

"Okay. Let's test it." I saw a white coated server winding his way near us. I slipped out from behind the column and took a glass when he passed close enough. "Here," I said when I handed it to Gabriel. "I want to see if your theory works as well as you say it does."

He took the glass and held it. After a few moments I reached for it. Gabriel lifted it up out of my reach. "It hasn't had enough time to mature."

"You or the drink?"

"Ha, ha. The champagne, Emma, the champagne."

"You're holding onto it longer than I held onto mine."

"Naturally. I want you to have the best, Emma. Patience, my girl. Patience."

I'd long forgotten about the rest of the room as I played with one of the world's most eligible bachelors. Apparently the world hadn't forgotten me. Or rather him.

Just as I was going to make another move for his drink, I heard a soft voice say, "Gabriel, I didn't expect to find you here."

His smile froze. The light in his eyes extinguished. He became a Gabriel copy. "Embry."

I looked over his shoulder to see a statuesque blond dressed in white standing there, diamonds flashing around her slim throat and on her delicate wrist.

I smiled warmly at her in greeting, thinking she was an acquaintance or business associate. The glance she deigned to give me frosted my politeness. I knew the look. Clenched jaw, squared shoulders, and the overly-bright eyes animating a body that burned in agony. The walking heart-dead, unable to rest out of yearning for this blue-eyed, blond-haired angel.

Lovely.

Who says you can't go home again?

My pleasure evaporated. I immediately wanted out. I should've known better that this was going too well.

Gabriel gracefully turned around after handing me his champagne glass. "Don't drink yet, Emma." His free hand slid to rest on my lower back while his thigh brushed mine. "How are you, Embry?"

"As can be expected."

Brittle didn't begin to describe the expression on Embry's patrician features. I suspected the hollows beneath her cheeks were a recent acquirement as were the prominent collarbones.

Gabriel simple reply didn't allow for lengthy discussion. "Embry, this is Emma. Emma, this is Embry Milford."

Her lips moved, barely uttering a "Hello" before her attention swung higher, back to the man who'd apparently reached inside her chest and taken whatever he found.

"You're looking well...Gabriel."

Embry's pause made me wonder if she'd been about to call him a pet name. Either that or a**hole.

Anger burned. I couldn't believe that this was happening again. Was I so stupid to have believed that Gabriel wasn't anything more than a smooth-talking womanizer?

"So trust me for a little bit. Just look at me like a normal man. Please."

Did he ask that of me because he knew he'd be seeing her again?

"I'm glad to see you're looking well, Embry."

She stared him down for a moment before dropping her gaze. "I'll leave you two to enjoy the rest of your night. Goodbye."

Embry moved away, but not nearly far enough for my comfort. My feet decided to remedy the situation. I veered away from the main door. Gabriel walked with me, silent and tense. For once, his glorious smile didn't make an appearance.

We left the atrium and entered the darkened dining hall. A small dance floor lay in the center. A lively band encouraged us all to walk on sunshine. I would've liked to try it. Too bad tonight wasn't going to be that kind of night.

Might as well get this over with.

I stopped and beckoned for him to come closer so that I wouldn't have to shout and risk having our conversation overheard. "Who was she?"

Gabriel's pleasant expression tightened. "Someone I was involved with for a period of time."

"That's a mouthful for 'ex-girlfriend'."

"I suppose it was."

I sipped my drink, resisting the urge to turn and look over my shoulder. I don't know how I knew, but somehow I knew Embry had made her way into the hall as well. Perhaps it was the energy of killing intensity I'd become familiar with during those weeks of Gabriel's first courting. I'd made way more enemies with the female population than I could ever hope to overcome. Hopefully tonight would stick with just the one.

"Did it end well?"

"Do these kinds of things ever?"

"I guess not when it comes to you."

"True. I have a gift for misery." He didn't attempt to ease the sting of his words with a smile or devilish grin.

I wasn't going to argue. "How long ago did you break things off?"

"It ended long before it actually did."

"Ah, it must've been recent then." All the pleasure I'd had evaporated as the cold specter of Gabriel's past hovered across the dance floor. Her gaze bored holes into us. I imagined I'd probably drop dead if her stare stayed on me for too long. "No wonder she looked upset."

Gabriel exhaled sharply. "I'm sorry, Emma. I didn't think she'd come up to us."

"So you saw her?"

"No."

"But you knew she was going to be here."

He cleared his throat and asked, "It's just like high school again, isn't it?"

"Worse."

"How?"

"Because it's not high school anymore." I drifted along the edge of the parquet floor, watching the couples dip and sway to fun 1980s dance music. Gabriel stayed close by my side as if he were afraid I'd take off. His instincts were right because I was seconds away from bolting.

"I'm sorry."

I didn't reply, choosing instead to focus on an elderly couple dancing with enviable abandonment.

What else was new? You're sorry. I'm sorry. Embry's sorry. We're all just sorry.

Bending close to my ear, Gabriel made himself heard above the music. "You're angry with me."

"No." More than he could ever guess.

"Disappointed?"

"No." Yes.

"Frustrated?"

"No." Absolutely.

"Then what?"

I stopped. Aware of the people surrounding us, and unable to shake the habit of concealing my emotions, I regarded Gabriel as if he were anyone else in the crowd. "Did you invite me because you knew Embry was going to be here? Did you use me to hurt her, Gabriel?"

"I invited you because I wanted a reason to see you tonight."

That was a sidestep if there ever was one. "And you didn't think that maybe you should've told me that we were going to run into a furious ex-girlfriend?"

Gabriel straightened. His somber expression didn't fit. I didn't have to hear the words to know them. "You wouldn't have come."

Anger buried itself like a splinter. Annoying, painful. "I see." I knocked back Gabriel's champagne. He was right. It did taste better to take something from someone else.

Fuck it.

I stood on tip-toe and yelled in his ear, "I'm not staying. Bye."

I didn't feel guilty. Not one bit. Not even a tiny bit. Though I left him standing there, alone in sight of the fixated, glamour queen Embry, I refused to feel sorry for Gabriel.

Or me.

I was grateful for the clutch in my hand and the foresight I had to put my ID, ATM card, and keys inside. I wasn't going to be stuck on the side of the road with a busted pumpkin. Cinderellie was going to go home, shuck off her clothes, and take a long bath.

Gabriel reached me in no time. His hand clamped around my wrist and he led us to another column, further in the back and farther away from the door. "Where were you trying to go?"

"Away."

"I'm going with you."

"That's not necessary. I can get home on my home. I'm sure it'll be no problem to get a cab over here."

The mulish set of his jaw told me Gabriel had no intention of turning around and going back inside the dining hall. Although the crowd had thinned out, there were still several couples milling about. A few looked in his direction, a pleasant smile of recognition forming on their faces. He ignored everybody and focused solely on me.

"You promised you wouldn't run away, Emma."

"I'm not. It's just that I have no interest in living this again."

"What?"

"This! This life where you're never free to just be a normal guy with me. There's always someone else in the background, waiting for her turn. There's always some girl who is begging for another chance. I don't want to have to look over my shoulder and see yet another ex-girlfriend of yours. I don't want that and I don't need that in my life."

"I don't want that either."

"But it's your life, Gabriel. You create it when you keep going from girl to girl!" I tried to keep my voice low but I could see the curious stares we received. "Look, I don't want to draw anymore attention to you than I already have."

"Fuck them. Let them look. I really don't care."

"Gabriel, this is your world and I don't belong here."

"Fraudulent happiness."

"What?"

"It's what people like me have. You wanted to know why I asked you here, but most importantly you wanted to know why I'm here with you and not with Embry."

I flushed. I didn't want to hear about his relationship with the beautiful, broken-hearted woman. "Gabriel, what happened between you two is none of my business."

"It is, Emma, more than you know. Fraudulent happiness occurs when everything is handed to someone. The world is manufactured just so, created in the likeness of something that never should've existed in the first place."

I didn't understand him, but I found myself really wanting to.

"I could go to the committee head and have them command the band to not play "Funkytown" because I felt like being a bastard. I can do whatever I want, whenever I want, and no one would call me on it. No one except you, Emma."

"I don't mean to call you out, Gabriel."

"You can't help yourself, I know. You hate my money. You hate the social class I belong. You hate everything I stand for."

I couldn't deny it but I could deny the unspoken. "I never hated you, Gabriel."

"Why? When you dislike my world so much, why do you even tolerate me?"

His questions shook my foundation. I wanted to throw out something easy to satisfy, but couldn't. "I don't know. I can't help myself because there's something there, Gabriel, something worth knowing."

"And there it is." He closed his eyes briefly as if he'd just savored something exquisite. "Fraudulent happiness can't exist when I'm with you. It's impossible." Gabriel reached and held onto my arms. His lips barely moved, but I heard him loud and clear.

"Emma, you've broken my heart, ripped me to shreds, and made me question my self-worth. I sometimes hated you for it but I couldn't get you out of my mind."

I blanched. My tongue ached to confess he wasn't the only one to feel it.

"Yet, I'd take every moment of that a hundred times over if it meant that I could finally be with someone who could be real with me. You don't try to impress me and you don't want my money. You don't watch your tongue out of fear that I'll get angry and not do business with your family. When I'm with you I know that what I get is real. The pain, the happiness, all of it is genuine."

His words made me feel like a goddess. I only wished I could be half a good a person as he painted me to be. "Not always. I don't show you half of what I really feel."

His gaze softened. "But I still know it's there, Emma. It exists and that's all that matters to me."

I swallowed the lump in my throat. "Thank you, Gabriel. I'm still not staying."

"Neither am I."

I can't explain how relieved those words made me. Was I already that attached to him again? If I had any sense at all I would walk away and never speak to Gabriel again.

"Can you leave? I mean, aren't you expected to stay for longer?"

An arrogant smirk proceeded, "It's good to be king sometimes, Emma, especially because I can do what I want."

"So you only want to be real with me and not the rest of the world?"

"Well, let's not get crazy."

"All right, King Gabriel. Let's go and eat. I'm paying, remember?"

He smiled, obviously relieved. "I haven't forgotten."

I reached out for his hand. I didn't have to think about how right it felt. "I know a place where we can eat until our bellies want to explode. You game?"

Gabriel squeezed my hand. "That is the best idea I've heard all day."

We smiled together, thoughts of Embry and the rest gone as if they'd fallen off the edge of the world.

CHAPTER SIX

The doorbell chimed incessantly. I crawled out of bed, cursing whoever had the nerve to wake me up at the crack of noon. I croaked, "Yes?"

"Rise and shine, Emma."

"Gabriel?"

"In the flesh."

Excitement skittered along my spine. "What are you doing here?"

"Isn't it obvious? I'm here to see you."

I looked at my wrist. "But we just saw each other."

"Five hours ago! Which is way too long to be apart from you."

"But-"

"Emma, my dear, can we have this conversation in person?"

My eyes felt stuck to one another. I could barely muster up the strength to force them open even as my heartbeat quickened. I couldn't deny how pleased I was that I'd get to see him again.

We'd left the fundraiser the night before and piled into Gabriel's limousine. I'd instructed Waylon to drive halfway between downtown and suburbia to the finest 24 hour Chinese restaurant in the world. Gabriel had practically jumped out of the limo in his excitement.

I'd felt strange going into Hong Kong Garden #5 knowing Waylon was going to be outside waiting. However, he turned down our invitation to join us and instead settled down with an e-reader.

"I already ate dinner tonight. Thank you though."

Gabriel had twined his fingers with mine and led us into the restaurant. We settled into a red pleather booth and talked for hours. He charmed me with stories of his adventures around the world. I entertained him with...well, I'm not sure. My life had been remarkably dull until he careened back into it.

"What about boyfriends?"

"Why would I want to tell you?"

"Why wouldn't you?" Gabriel waved a fried wonton. "Was there someone as important as me?"

"What a big head you have!"

"Answer the question, Emma."

"I am not talking to you about my past relationships."

"Fair enough." He swallowed a bite of lo mein. "Aren't you going to ask me if there was someone as important as you?"

My fried rice settled in my stomach like a rock. "No, I'm not going to ask."

"Good. It saves time. The answer is no."

I didn't have to look at a mirror to know my cheeks flushed pink with pleasure. "Good. It saves time with me asking about Embry."

He glanced up at me, gaze serious. "I'm sorry again for tonight. I shouldn't have brought you there knowing she might show up."

"Water under the bridge, Gabriel."

He regaled me with tales of the Amazon. I told him about my planned trip to Paris-a first for me.

"Which airline are you flying?"

"Why do you want to know?"

"Emma, you're so suspicious! It's not like I'd have your tickets cancelled so you'd have no choice but to fly in with me on my plane, would I? Seriously, when's your trip and what airline?"

I zipped my lips shut.

Eventually we rolled ourselves back into his limo. I'd dreaded the idea of having to drive back home when all I wanted to do was crash.

"Where do you live, Emma?"

"About fifteen minutes from here. Why?"

"So I can take you home, silly."

"Aren't you going to drop me off at Obelisk Pointe?"

"Are you out of your mind? There's no way I'd drop you off downtown this late at night!"

"It's barely midnight."

"It's not happening, my dear, so you can just put it firmly out of your mind."

"Gabriel," I explained patiently. "If I don't get my car, your security will have it towed."

"They wouldn't dare. Besides, I already let them know your plates and how we'll be by to pick it up in the morning."

I would've swung my arm at him, but I was too full and tired to do so. "We'll be by?"

"Yes, we will. Now tell me your address."

This wasn't a battle I was prepared to win. Not when I was stuffed into complacency and mellowed by how much he'd made me laugh.

A short time later, we rolled up to my apartment complex. Gabriel peered through the darkened window, examining the buildings with an air of intense curiosity. "Which floor do you live on?"

"The ground floor."

Gabriel's mouth pressed into a frown. "I don't like that very much."

"Really? I like it fine." I had a large patio that looked out over the tennis courts. It was quite lovely, especially in the spring.

"Yes, you would because you're so contrary and just love to argue with me."

"Why don't you like it?"

"Because anyone could just break into your apartment. Do you have a dog?"

"No. I'm more of a cat person."

"Of course you are. It also goes without saying I'm a dog person. Do you at least have an alarm system?"

"No."

"You will tomorrow."

"I'll be fine without one, Gabriel, just like I've been fine all year long that I've lived here."

"Emma."

"Gabriel."

He huffed, obviously irritated that I wasn't taking my safety as seriously as he was. "Why won't you let me get you an alarm system?"

"Because I don't need one."

"How can you say that? You're a woman living alone in a ground-floor apartment without a dog. Please, Emma? It would take loads off my mind to know you have some kind of security system."

"Why don't you just move me out into a gated house with round the clock security?"

Gabriel perked up. "Would you let me?"

"No! That's called sarcasm."

"It sounds like a great idea to me. I really think we should explore it further."

The limo finally pulled up in front of my building. I reached out and cupped his chin. "Goodnight, Gabriel."

"Wait, Emma." He held my hand in both of his, smiles all gone. "I'm serious about the security system. I can have it installed in the afternoon if you'd let me."

I sighed, knowing I was going to cave. "Does it matter that much to you?"

"Yes!"

Gabriel sounded like my mother. She always harped on me that it wasn't safe for a girl alone in the big city to not at least have some kind of alarm. "Fine. Send someone over. If it costs more than-"

"It's not going to."

"Because you're going to pay for it?"

"Because you don't have to worry about the cost."

"Gabriel, you have to stop throwing your money at me."

"You could just accept it. Honestly, it would make everything run smoother."

I groaned and threw my arm over my eyes. "You come on so, so strong."

"I call it focused."

"Strong."

"Welll, I don't know about you, but I don't have another seven years I'm willing to wait on us."

Us.

"Gabriel, I'll think about it."

"They'll be here in the afternoon."

"How is that the answer to me thinking about it?"

"Because you already told me to send someone over." His smirk promised I wouldn't be able to rescind the order.

"Okay, but only because I'm too stuffed to properly fight you at the moment."

"Hmm, Emma Adams has a weakness. I'll be sure to keep you stuffed from here until eternity."

"Yes, and when I'm a blimp I'll be sure to sit on you until you can't move. Teach you to use my weakness as a weapon."

Gabriel lifted my hand to his lips. "That's not a threat when you'd be the most beautiful blimp in all of creation."

Our playfulness faded as the air between us charged with longing. Gabriel cupped my neck, long fingers pressing gently and urging me to lean closer to him.

"I had a wonderful time with you, Emma. I don't want to let you go."

I squeezed his hand. Euphoria hit my veins. His lips were so close to mine. "Who says you have to?"

Whoa! Who did that sultry voice belong to? Surely it couldn't have been me!

"Are you teasing me, Emma? I don't think I'll be able to take it if you are." Gabriel brushed his lips against mine. The soft as a feather motion wrung a low, ragged moan out of me.

"I think it's you who's teasing me." I was no match for him. Gabriel could have me laid out nak*d in no time flat if he so chose. I couldn't build walls fast enough to keep him out of my tower.

"Hmm, maybe I am." Gabriel's tongue licked the full curve of my lower lip.

My hands gripped his lapel, ready to slip the jacket off his shoulders at the earliest moment.

"I would love nothing more than to come in...in all ways." Gabriel traced a line from my shoulder down to my elbow. "I would love it more than anything, Emma."

"Then what's stopping you?"

He cupped my face gently. "I'm saving myself."

I felt adored, worshipped, and precious. Entranced, I whispered, "For what?"

"For you. For when you're as crazy about me as I am for you. Don't keep me waiting for long, Emma. Please."

I stumbled out of the limo, dazed and on fire for him as he walked me to my door. "I'll see you tomorrow, Emma." Gabriel kissed my hand and waited for me close the door before leaving.

And now here we were-me half-asleep and still excited because of the glorious man on the other side of the door.

"Emma?"

I opened the door, squinting at Gabriel as he stood on my threshold with bags of food and a carrier with four cups. "Hello, sleepyhead."

"Hello, Gabriel." He was dressed in jeans and a finely woven gray sweater. He looked elegant and casual. Beautiful as always. I stepped aside, conscious of my flannel pants and baggy t-shirt. "How can you look so good after so little sleep?"

"Didn't you know? I don't sleep more than a few hours at a time." Gabriel stepped into my small entryway.

"You're kidding."

"Nope."

"How is that possible?"

"I'm too busy to sleep." He looked between my dining area and kitchen. "Where would you like me to put these?"

I pointed to my round cherry wood table. Gabriel set them down. He dug into the bags, pulling out containers of fruit along with muffins, scrambled eggs, thick slices of bacon, and toast. It smelled heavenly.

"Where'd you get the food?"

"I had it cooked."

"Lucky. I usually have to do my own cooking."

"Then maybe one day soon you can teach me."

I took a couple of steps into my kitchen to grab some plates and utensils. "Why ever would you want to learn now?"

"So I can cook for you."

I set one plate in front of him and another on the opposite side of the table. "Oh."

Gabriel winked at me. "You sound so excited." He took one step toward me.

God, I bet I look awful. Morning breath, natty hair...ugh!

I backed up and mumbled, "Let me get dressed."

"No need, Emma. I like you as you are."

"I'll get freshened up then."

"Sure."

I walked back into my room and closed the door. Going quickly through my morning routine, I couldn't erase the giddy smile that kept curling my lips up. Thoughts of how the last time Gabriel visited me in the afternoon flashed through my mind. It had gone terribly then. It didn't have to be that way now.

I wouldn't let it, not when I had a second chance at my first love.

It's a new day.

In a few minutes I was minty-fresh and had pulled my hair in a high ponytail. I thought about changing my clothes but then decided against it. And not because Gabriel said he liked me as I was.

Definitely not.

When I came back into the dining area, Gabriel had already laid out our feast on our plates and was waiting for me. He stood up and pulled my chair out before returning back to his seat.

"I wasn't sure which one you preferred so I brought you orange juice and coffee."

"Juice is more than fine. I don't really care for coffee."

"No to the coffee then." Gabriel plucked a large cup from my side of the table and took it into the kitchen. He returned quickly and sat across from me. "Eat up, buttercup."

I smiled and picked up my fork. "It looks so good. I'm not sure if I can eat it all."

"Eat until you're stuffed."

"I'm sure I will...wait a minute. Why are you trying to stuff me?" I studied his nonchalant expression. "You're planning something. What is it?"

"I'm hurt, Emma. I do something nice for you and you look at it with suspicion. It's a shame, really it is."

"Gabriel..."

"Yes?"

"Why are you here so early?"

"It's not early. It's the afternoon." He speared a pineapple chunk and popped it into his mouth. "And I wanted to see you. Do I need any other reason?"

"Ah, I guess not. So do you want to hang out here then?"

"I was thinking something all the lines of a trip to the zoo and dinner. After we get your car."

"That's it?"

"That's all that's planned." Gabriel held out a forkful of scrambled eggs. "Here."

I opened my mouth obediently. The eggs were delicious. "My compliments to the chef."

"I'll be sure to pass them along. Now eat up, sweetheart. We have a busy day ahead of us."

It was strange to have Gabriel in my apartment, but I got used to it quickly. He put me at ease, talking about anything and everything. By the time we finished eating and started cleanup, I was easily moving around him in my narrow galley kitchen as if he'd been there forever.

"May I have a showing of your place or is it too early to begin tours?"

He looked so eager I couldn't help but laugh. "Sure. Come right this way."

I stepped into the living room. "Here we have the sitting room, guest room, library, and media room. It's a forward thinking design for the girl on a tiny budget."

Gabriel nodded his head sagely, examining the white walls and comfy furniture with an inquisitive eye. "Yes, yes. I believe I've seen this done in Japan. It's quite clever to get so much use out of a compact space."

We took a few more steps and entered the hallway. I gestured to the half-bath on the right. "And here is the guest bathroom. Equipped with all the necessities while using the minimum square footage and still be up to code."

Gabriel turned on the light and poked his head inside. "Looks quite unused. Toilet seat down. Very good signs. Yes, I think this is how it should be. I'm claiming this bathroom as mine. No one with dangly parts is allowed to use it except me."

I raised my brow and continued on. "Duly noted. And this is the Master Bedroom and sole bedroom for this floor plan. It's large, airy, and gets plenty of sun. A walk-in closet is a surprise, the surprisingly roomy bathroom equipped with garden tub is a joy, and the French door leads to the best part of the apartment."

Gabriel stepped inside my space. His gaze rested on the rumpled bed for an indecent moment. "Nice sheets."

I couldn't help but think of him lazing about those very same sheets. The imagery was quite lovely. "Toile is very in with fans of cottage chic."

"Really? I'll have to share that with my decorator." Gabriel ran his hand across the foot of the sleigh bed as he made his way over to the patio door. "May I?"

I loved how formal he could be. I bowed my head and waved him onwards. "Please do so, Sir."

"Then I shall, my dearest Madam."

We walked out onto my patio. Gabriel leaned against the metal railing and scanned the area. "It's very pretty. I can see why you like it here."

I considered the patio the best part of my apartment and my personal oasis. I'd decorated it with a couple of thickly cushioned oversized chairs and a wrought iron table I'd spray painted ivory. The outdoor rug beneath our feet brought a cheerful tangerine splash of color to the gray concrete. A large fountain gurgled in the corner, accented by over fifty pavers I carried by hand and set in place. Several ferns were scattered throughout, softening the hard lines and bringing much-needed greenery to the utilitarian space.

"Thank you." I sat down and waved him to the chair next to me. "Take a load off, Gabriel. Enjoy the day."

"Don't mind if I do." He settled his large frame in the powder blue chair. "This actually fits me."

"Nice, huh?" I wondered if I should share that I got the pair from a thrift store.

Maybe not.

"Very nice, Emma."

We soaked in the sun for several minutes, our silence companionable and our hands naturally finding the other. Murmurs of "Forever and always" whispered in my ear. I wondered if they'd ever really left.

Slow down, Ms. Adams. You're driving way too fast. Somebody's liable to get hurt.

"I could fall asleep out here," I murmured. "Maybe I should get a hammock then I can nap all day like a cat."

"Mmm, I can see why. Speaking of cats, do you have one?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"I usually work ten to twelve hour days. It wouldn't be fair to Constantine."

"Constantine? That's a fine name for a cat."

"I think so too." I yawned. "Oh, excuse me. As soon as I cut back on my hours, I'm going to get him. He's a gray tabby with black stripes and big green eyes."

"Does he live somewhere now?"

"No, but when the time is ready he'll be waiting for me."

Gabriel's clasp pulsed once. "Why do you work such long hours, Emma?"

The sun loosened my tongue. "Because I'm saving every spare penny I can."

"For what?"

"To buy a house."

I heard the surprise in his voice. "Really? What kind of house? Something closer to the city?"

"No, not for me. For my mom."

"You're buying a house for your mother. That blows me away. I mean that."

I soaked up his praise like a sponge. "She's been so good to me and has worked so hard all her life. This is the least she deserves."

"Does she know what you're doing?"

I stretched my legs and crossed them at the ankles. "Nope. It's a surprise. I have about six months left to go before I have the down payment and a year's worth of mortgage payments. I'm padding it just in case something happens."

"Like what?"

"Like I get laid off or something."

Gabriel's lips pressed against my cheek for a too-brief moment. "You're the sweetest girl I've ever met. Don't ever change, Emma."

I cupped my cheek, startled and ridiculously pleased by his kiss. "I don't know what to say."

"A 'thank you' would work."

"Thank you."

We smiled, self-conscious and shy with one another. I could've sworn I saw a light flush on his cheeks but it might've been a trick of the eye. I leaned my head back and closed my eyes. "Do I have to go get ready?"

"No, not yet. Just lay here longer, my sweet kitty."

I thought it a great idea and told him so. The occasional sound of a car driving by coupled with the steady drone of landscaping equipment created enough white noise to nearly put me asleep.

Then Gabriel spoke.

"So it looks like the apartment next door is empty."

"Is it?" I opened one sleepy eye. "I wouldn't know."

"Emma, you should know what's going on around you," he chided with a concerned frown.

"I keep to myself. That's hardly a crime."

"No, but it's definitely not keeping with Safety 101."

"Gabriel, no offense, but I probably have a lot more street smarts than you do."

"That is debatable."

"We'll agree to disagree, Mr. Billionaire."

He cleared his throat and said, "The apartment is a mirror of this one."

"Which one?"

"The one next door."

How would he know...wait. No.

I kept my relaxed position, treading very carefully just in case I was jumping to conclusions. "How do you know that, Gabriel?"

"Because I just do."

Way too nonchalant.

"Right. Why do you know?" The suspicion sunk deeper and deeper. He wouldn't have done what I was thinking, would he?

Gabriel avoided my probing gaze. Instead, he watched the maintenance workers trimming the bushes across the roadway. "How often do they work, Emma?"

"All the time."

"Hmm. Really early?"

"Not before nine."

"That's good to know."

"Why?"

He turned to me and smiled. "No one likes to get woken up before they're ready, do they?"

Okay, there's too much cat-got-the-canary in that grin.

I sat up. "Gabriel, tell me you didn't rent the apartment next door."

"I could tell you that."

"Okay, so do it."

"If I told you that, then you'd begin to wonder why I was following you home. I'd rather not have that conversation after a long day at work."

Shocked at his audacity, I shrieked his name. "Are you crazy?"

"Perfectly sane last time I was checked."

"What are you thinking? You can't just move into my complex, Gabriel!"

"Why not? You live here. I like you. You like me. It makes perfect sense."

"No, it doesn't. It really, really doesn't." I let go his hand so I wouldn't squeeze the life out of it. Leaning forward, hands gripping the metal armrest until I was white-knuckled, I tried to go the calm route. "You already have somewhere you live."

"I do."

"So what's wrong with it?"

"I don't like it. I never did. That's why it's going on the market immediately."

"Why'd you buy it if you don't like it?"

Gabriel leaned his head back and closed his eyes, visually succumbing to the perfect spring afternoon. "It was a terrible error in judgment. I've only lived there for a couple of months. In a word, it sucks."

"Why does it suck? Did the designer pick the wrong shade of blue? Or is it not as big as the other billionaires' places?"

"Emma, that's not very nice of you."

"Sorry, sorry."

"Besides, I would never let the wrong shade of blue enter my home in the first place. My taste is impeccable. And the rest-such a low blow."

"You're right. I'm sorry." I tried to get my point across again with less bitchiness. "Surely you had an idea that your current place wasn't going to work for you?"

"I did. I settled because I thought I was being unreasonable with what I really wanted."

"So your answer to living in a sucky, but surely expensive home, is to put it up for sale and move into a 600 square foot terrace level apartment?"

"Yep."

"Gabriel, how do you have money if these are the kinds of decisions you make?"

"I'm not always so impulsive. I blame you."

"Me?" Now I really wanted to smack some sense into him.

"Yes, you. You are the reason why I'm not going to settle. Blame yourself for being so awesome, Emma."

"You're trying to charm me into getting your way. It won't work," I warned him with a frown. Too bad I couldn't keep it going.

He shrugged. "I've already gotten my way, neighbor."

"Gabriel!" I poked him in the shoulder.

"Emma!" He poked me back. "I find the highlight of my day is when I get you to sputter and screech. Now I'll get to do that as your neighbor. I'll play my music really loud at all hours of the night just that you'll come over and give me a piece of your mind."

"Masochist."

Gabriel eyed me from beneath a sensual stare. "Not quite, baby. I'm just addicted to you and it's all your fault, Emma. You've made me a crazy man, you know. Take some responsibility."

"Of all the nerve!"

"Emma, ssh! I'm trying to nap here."

I don't know what devil prompted me to climb out of my chair and onto his lap. I tilted his face and shoved mine into it. "You are insane, Gabriel Gordon! I cannot believe that you've actually leased out the apartment next to me!"

His arms circled my hips. "Believe it, my dear. You are stuck with me for the moment."

"Until?"

"Until you come to the point where you can't live without me. I'm obviously already there so I'm willing to wait for you." He bounced his knees and jostled me about. "Do hurry up, Emma."

"Oh, my God!" I clasped my arms around his neck. "How do you know I won't just put a restraining order on you?"

"I live dangerously."

"That's your answer? I'm afraid that won't hold up in court."

"All right, let's see if I can come up with a better one...oh, yes! If you and I had just met for the very first time yesterday, then yes this would probably be right out of the stalker handbook. Except, I don't think a stalker would move right next door. He'd probably move across the street into that building over there and on the top floor."

"Gabriel!"

"Right, right. I should stay directly on topic. Where was I? Ah, yes. Our time table." Gabriel shifted me on his lap, bringing me much closer. "We've known each other for years, were quite intimate at one point, and so that makes up for a lot of the silly diddle-daddle that happens in a first time courtship."

"Diddle-daddle?"

"Emma, don't laugh. That was my grandmother's favorite phrase."

"I'm sorry. Go ahead."

"Where was I? I'm finding it incredibly hard to concentrate when I have a lapful of saucy vixen."

I wiggled my h*ps and made him groan my name. A wicked smile took me. "You were saying, Gabriel?"

"Gabriel? Who's that? It sounds familiar..." His hands squeezed my thighs. "Wait a minute! I think it's coming back...do it again..."

I moved my h*ps in a slow circle. I wasn't normally this brazen. Honest.

Gabriel clutched me to him. His beautiful face softened with pleasure. "Emma, you're so good at being bad."

"I've learned from the best." I bent down and nipped the underside of his chin.

Gabriel tunneled his fingers through the hair at my nape. He gently tugged me away. "You're distracting me, naughty girl. If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were doing it on purpose."

Was I? "Maybe..."

"You like being here on my lap, don't you?"

I nodded, hungrily staring at his full kissable lips.

"See, you're proving my timeline is correct."

"What? How so?"

"Our lap time practically moves us right up to the point where we'd actually be living together. Moving in next door is actually taking it slow, Emma. So FYI-you're moving way faster than I am." Gabriel lightly smacked my ass.

My mouth hung open and I reared back. "I can't believe I haven't already thrown you out of here. Maybe I'm the one who's crazy. I have to be!"

"No, you're not crazy. Not yet. Me on the other hand..." Gabriel pecked me on the chin. "I'm crazy for you." He pecked me again, this time on the cheek. "Absolutely, positively insane for you."

The feel of his lips on my flushed skin made it beyond difficult to concentrate. I cupped his gorgeous face, irritated that someone this beautiful was just as obstinate as he was impossible to resist.

And that he seemed more than able to resist me!

"Gabriel, you can't just do things like this. You're hot. You're cold. You want me. You want to wait. You see me for the first in seven years yesterday. Today you rent the place next door. This is not normal behavior."

"Normal is boring."

"Maybe it is, but there's still a proper way of going about things. We have to have boundaries, distance, and no teasing!"

"I disagree."

"Why?" I waited for his reasons, sure they would be full of privilege, arrogance, and more infernal teasing.

"I played that game with you before, Emma. I gave you all the space in the world, did things at your pace, and look how well that turned out."

Ouch. I had to give him the point. "This time is different. We're different and we're off to a good start, right?"

"Be that as it may, I refuse to let this time around play out the same way." His large hands slid across my back. "I want you, Emma. I know you want me. I will court you for as long as you wish, I will hold back from taking you to bed until it's right, but know that at the end, the two of us will be together. There's no point in fighting it so sit back and enjoy the ride. I know I am."

Gabriel's words should've rubbed me the wrong way. Instead a dark, atavistic part of me resurfaced, responding to his words much like the first bitch must've responded to her mate. Reason receded as my instinct took over.

"No point in fighting it."

"None. Say you understand, Emma."

"Yes, Gabriel, I understand." I bit my lip and looked down. "You sure know how to sweet talk a girl out of using her logic."

"I know how to sweet talk you." His hands rubbed slow circles along my spine. "Now do you still want to put a restraining order on me?"

I chuckled and arched my back. "Not at the moment. I'm afraid I can't even remember why I brought it up."

"Good girl," Gabriel murmured thickly. "I'll work very hard to keep it that way."

I brushed my fingers through his thick hair, admiring the numerous shades of gold glinting throughout. "You were pretending I actually had any say in this, weren't you?"

"Yep," he replied with cheek. "It's usually the best tact to take with you."

"Arrogant man!" I ruffled his hair roughly. "So you're going to live like the common folk."

"That's the plan. At least until I sell my sucky apartment."

"Apartment."

"Very well. Penthouse."

I couldn't wrap my mind around that one. "Are you sure it can't be salvaged? Maybe some new paint or furniture?"

"It's hopeless, Emma. A lost cause. I'll never be happy there so let someone else be happy there. Even if you somehow manage to convince not to live next to you, I'm not going back to live in that place."

Despite his lighthearted smile, I felt the steel bite behind each word. He wasn't going to be swayed.

"So you're my neighbor then. It's a done deal?"

"I signed the paperwork before I came over."

"Okay."

"Okay? You've capitulated? No more trying to convince me to live somewhere else?"

"No more. FYI-if you're going to live next door, temporarily at that, there's going to be a few rules."

"Rules now? Hmm...very well. Let me hear your rules."

"No loud music. Seriously, Gabriel. No "Nothin' But a Good Time" at three o'clock in the morning. I cannot stress to you how much I mean that. The walls are paper-thin and I will not be a happy camper if you interrupt my sleep."

"You have to know I was just joking about the music."

"Were you? Honestly, I don't put it past you to aggravate me."

"Well, of course I'm going to purposely aggravate you, but I do draw the line at blasting Poison to someone who can't appreciate them."

"I appreciate them fine, but not at three in the morning."

"Why would you think I'd that to you?"

"Oh, maybe because I distinctly remember you doing it the one night we spent together." Although my tone was light, I couldn't help but think our current position to one back then. Gabriel thought it too if the growing stiffness I felt beneath my backside was any indication.

"Yes, but that was then. I'm far more inventive in my ways to aggravate you."

"Joy."

"For me? Absolutely."

Thankful for the hedges lining the front of my patio and the privacy they afforded, I shifted my thighs around his lean hips. "Gabriel?"

"Yes, Emma?"

"Do you want me..." To get nak*d? "...to get ready for our date?"

Gabriel stared at me with lazy-lidded intensity. "Do you want to get ready for our date?"

"Not in particular."

"Neither do I."

"What do want to do then?"

His grip tightened on my hips. "Things that don't bear being spoken about in daylight."

"That perverse, huh?"

"Worse than you can imagine."

I shivered. "I thought you weren't going to try to seduce me, Mr. Gordon. Words like that generally do the opposite."

"Dirty, dirty girl." Gabriel gave me a quick peck on the lips. "Up with you now." He smacked my hip for good measure. "Get dressed, Emma. We have to pick up your car and bring it back."

"Fine, fine." I walked inside and then poked my head back out. "Are you going to stay out here while I get dressed?"

"Does it matter?"

"Yes. I don't want you walking in on me while I'm half-naked."

Gabriel propped his chin on his hand. "That wouldn't be a good thing just yet, would it? Very well I'll stay out here. Come and get me when you're done."

I closed the door and rushed into my closet. I really didn't know whether I should be irritated or amused by Gabriel's gentlemanly side. I'd rather make love all weekend long, yet...

This is nice too.

I picked out a pair of jeans, half-boots, and a black fitted t-shirt. The weather was warm enough to carry a lightweight jacket, just in case. I carried my clothes and essentials with me into the bathroom. I zipped through my shower, washing, rinsing, and shaving in five minutes flat.

After getting dressed, I put my hair up in a ballerina's bun and kept my makeup minimal. Tilting my head this way and that, I couldn't deny how cute I looked. It was a long way from the glamour goddess of the night before, but still pretty great.

"Admiring yourself, my dear? You should, you know. You're very beautiful."

Startled, I spun towards the doorway. "I didn't hear you come in!"

"That's because I have ninja feet."

Laughter sprang free. "What are you doing here? I thought you were going to wait outside."

"I couldn't wait any longer."

"I'm sorry. I thought I hardly took any time."

"You were quick." Gabriel leaned against the doorjamb. "It was still too long. I missed you already."

Overcome by impulse, I crossed over to him in two steps and wrapped my arms around his neck. Gabriel immediately picked me up, lifting me off the ground, and held me tight. I wanted to kiss him, but more than that, I just needed to be close to this darling man.

"You're turned my world upside down, Gabriel."

"I know."

"No, really." I nuzzled his neck with the tip of my nose. "You smell so delicious. Like sunshine and Gabriel."

"And you smell so sweet. Like vanilla. I just want to tuck you away in my pocket and carry you around all the time."

"That would be nice."

Gabriel lifted me up higher until I wrapped my legs around his waist. "Are you done in here, Emma?"

I nodded.

"Good. Then let's go." Gabriel shut off the light and walked into the living room, still carrying me like a little monkey. "Where's your purse?"

I pointed him in the direction of the ivory side table. Gabriel strode over and picked up my purse. "Got your keys?"

"They're in here."

"Okay, you ready to roll?"

"Sure."

Gabriel paused at the door. "You know I plan on keeping you all weekend?"

"I'd be mad at you if you didn't." My world became a better place every time he smiled.

CHAPTER SEVEN

I picked up the phone and answered crisply, "Emma Adams."

"Emma, I know you got my text. It's lunch time. C'mon!"

"Hi, Gabriel." I didn't have to look at a mirror to know I smiled giddily like a school girl.

"Hello, my dear. Lunch. Now."

"Hmm..." I switched back to concentrate on the computer screen, scanning the numbers and importing column after column.

"Emma?"

"Just a couple more minutes..." I answered distractedly.

"You already said that twice."

"Did I?"

"Yes, you did."

"I'm sorry. Really. It's just I don't think I can eat lunch right now. Can we postpone?"

Gabriel neatly cut my excuse down. "Unacceptable. You have to take care of yourself, Emma. Pushing off lunch isn't going to help keep your mind fit and sharp. You need to feed it."

"I will, but can't lunch wait for another hour?"

"No, it can't. Now will you come and meet me in the lobby or do I have to come and get you? If I get you, I might make a detour and find your supervisor. From there I'll make him an offer he can't refuse to let you go into the loving bosom of Gordon Industries where you'll be able to eat at a proper time..."

I rolled my eyes and minimized my screens. "Fine, fine! I'll be down in five minutes."

I heard the smile in his voice. "Good girl. See you then!" The phone clicked off. I checked the clock, mentally making note of when I needed to be back. Mondays were always a beast and today was no exception. I leaned over and rapped on my neighbor's plushy wall. "Kevin, I'm off to lunch. I'll be back in about an hour."

He waved me on, calling out "Have a good one."

"Will do."

Gabriel, resplendent in a charcoal suit with matching shirt and tie, grabbed my hand as soon as I got off the elevator. "I'm starving! Let's go."

"Poor baby, is that my fault?" I crooned sympathetically.

"As a matter of fact, yes. I demand you make it up to me."

The frenetic morning lifted off my shoulders as I gave into the charm that was Gabriel Gordon. "Oh, I'm sorry then. Let's eat then."

"Glad you're finally seeing things my way. I'd swear you didn't know just how important it is for me to spend time with you!"

I did because I felt the same way.

We'd spent the majority of the weekend together. Gabriel had driven me into the city in his luxury SUV to pick up my car.

"Is this new?" It had the new car scent all over. I'd also noticed the temporary tags.

"Yes. I just got it this morning."

"You're kidding."

"I told you already-I don't sleep much. Besides, the parking spaces here are tiny. I'd doubt our neighbors would appreciate my limo taking up a whole row of them."

'Our neighbors' made all the fuzzies inside me bounce around. "I hope you got a good deal on this."

"Always do."

After we'd picked up my car and brought it back, Gabriel took great pleasure in giving me the grand tour of his place. Never mind the fact that I had the same exact apartment.

"They're hardly the same, Emma. You live there and I live here. Totally different."

Considering Gabriel had secured the lease on the apartment, bought a new car, and had breakfast cooked for us, I figured he'd also managed to furnish his place.

"No. I'll need to do that this weekend. Or maybe next week. Sometime soon."

Suddenly shy, I busied myself with looking in his kitchen cabinets. "Do you still want to go to the zoo today?"

Gabriel leaned against the bar counter. "What do you have in mind?"

"Well, I could help you get settled here today. Do you want to pick up some things from your place now?"

"Nope."

"Not even your clothes?"

"Rick will have those brought over on Monday."

"Gabriel, are you sure there's not something more concerning your penthouse?"

He stilled, eyes wary and body stiff. "What do you mean?"

Considering how serious he looked, I almost regretted my teasing. Almost. "Are you sure you're not hiding something serious from me?"

Gabriel watched me, smile vanished as it never was. "What could I possibly be hiding from you?"

"I don't know. Maybe like your place is haunted."

"Haunted?"

"Yeah, haunted. You don't believe in ghosts? You should, you know. They really do exist." I busied myself with turning on the faucet. "Is that why you're afraid of going back there, Gabriel?"

A pregnant paused passed before he said, "Emma, you amaze me."

"What?"

Gabriel came around the bar and lifted me off my feet. He peppered my face with kisses and spun me around. "Ghosts? You think I'm afraid to go back home because of Casper? I love it!"

I wanted to be cross at him for making fun of me. Instead, I clung to his broad shoulders and laughed. "Fine, it's not ghosts. Still you need some things unless you plan on sleeping on the floor. Here's what I'm going to do-I'll help you pick out the essentials and help you get set up today. How's that sound?"

"Perfect, Emma. Absolutely perfect."

So that's how I spent my Saturday. I helped Gabriel pick out a bed, nightstands, mattresses, couch, armchair, coffee table, and dining room set. (Apparently same day weekend delivery was possible at certain high-end establishments.) We also stopped at a big box store for the TVs, DVD players, microwave, and coffee maker.

"You probably think I should go small, huh?" he asked while checking out a 32" flat screen.

I planted my hands on my h*ps and surveyed the wall of sleek entertainment. "Absolutely not. Get the biggest one you can get that can still fit in the car."

"Go, Emma! I knew I liked you for a reason."

I reluctantly declined his offer of a 72" TV for myself. It was hard. Given the choice between last night's gorgeous gown and the gorgeous screen, I would've chosen the screen.

Gabriel didn't press. He must've seen the envy on my face because he cheerfully said, "You can watch all the chick flicks you want at my place."

"I do not watch chick flicks."

"Then what do you watch? Documentaries?"

"Fast and the Furious. Bourne Identity. Shoot 'Em Up. Taken. And that's just last week."

Gabriel lifted my wrist with two fingers. "One would never know how much testosterone you hide behind this dainty exterior. My apologies."

"Accepted. Chick flicks...pfft!"

When I went to lift the heavy boxes into his vehicle, Gabriel firmly took them away. "I draw the line, Emma. You are not going to lift this stuff as I stand here and watch."

"I can help, can't I?"

"Only if I need it."

He didn't.

We went back to his apartment and unloaded all his loot before going back out. Gabriel's idea of living like a "normal person" was shopping at Macy's for sheets, towels, and other essentials.

I did my best not to let on that most normal people did not drop $500.00 on sheets nor did their final bill approach five figures. Still, Gabriel was having so much fun that I couldn't bear to point those things out. I agreed with whatever he wanted, lending my opinion only when he asked and never about the price.

Apparently it was the right tact, because several times he spontaneously reached out to hug me. Everything was "What do you think of this, Emma? Should I get guest towels in a different color or keep everything in the same palette? How do you like this rug? What about these plates? Should I get a full set or only enough for us both?"

I'd quickly realized Gabriel had never set up his own place. There'd always been a troop of professionals to ensure he always had the right glasses, dishes, and towels.

I'm not sure why it touched me so, but it did. There was so much I'd always taken for granted, but seeing Gabriel's delight over the little things reminded me that maybe I didn't appreciate enough about my own life.

After we'd filled his SUV to the brim, Gabriel's belly demanded nourishment. I didn't want to get him addicted to fast food, but he refused to go to anywhere he was familiar with.

"Emma, this is my hood now. Don't you think I should become acquainted with all the restaurants here?"

"You did not just say 'hood', did you?"

"Damn straight I did."

I took him to a strip mall where we ate pizza and calzones. The music was loud, the tables utilitarian, and the menus laminate. Gabriel declared it the best he'd ever had. We left hand in hand, looking like every other normal couple in the country.

By the time we'd gotten back home, the delivery truck had just pulled into the complex. I watched how in no time flat, a crew of men delivered and maneuvered all the furniture into place. Gabriel tipped them all generously, thanking them for coming out on such short notice.

Then the heavy work began.

I ran over to my apartment. I came to a stop when I saw the neat little blinking box attached to the wall. Gabriel followed me over, poking his head in the door and seeing me standing there in fixation.

"Good. It's up and running."

"Gabriel, what's this on my wall?"

"Your alarm."

"Yes, I see that. How did this get installed without me being here?"

"I let them in."

"How?"

"Details that don't bear repeating. Needless to say you're safer than you were before."

"Gabriel, when did you get a key to my place?"

"Ah, well, you see..."

"I want my key back." I held my hand out and waited.

He looked wounded as if I were a mean kid trying to take away his favorite toy. "Why? I already have mine on my keychain. Look how cute it looks on here." Gabriel held a ring of keys up in the air. "I promise it's in good hands, Emma."

I threw my hands up. "You are so lucky I trust you and am used to your...viewpoint...on life."

"Good! Here, Emma. I have one for you too."

"I already have a key to my place."

"I know, silly. This one is to mine." Gabriel pressed it into my hand. "Now you can come in anytime you want. You don't even need to call ahead of time."

Although I grumbled, I couldn't deny the thrill coursing through my veins. Gabriel had a way of making the insane sane. Honestly, if any of this were coming from anyone else I'd lay him out. No doubt. But Gabriel...

"Hey, if you have the key how'd they get in? I didn't see anybody over here."

"Emma, did you need to grab something?"

"You're not going to answer, are you? Do I even want to know?"

"You can trust me. Honest!"

I shook my head, wondering if I truly had driven off the deep end. I grabbed my cleaning supplies and vacuum cleaner. Gabriel neatly plucked it from my grip. We locked up my place and went back to his apartment. I zipped through his place, spraying, wiping, and sweeping in fast, sure movements. Gabriel followed me from room to room and watched me work with something close to awe.

"You make it look effortless. Can you teach me?"

I didn't even snipe over Mr. Billionaire getting his hands dirty. Instead, I waved him over and showed him the techniques my mother had taught me. Every task had a system, designed to minimize time and unnecessary movement. Gabriel took the work seriously, showing a meticulousness that my mother and her coworkers would've enthusiastically approved of.

"If being crazy wealthy fails, you can always get a job on a cleaning crew."

"Really? That's good to know!"

After I was satisfied that the apartment was clean enough, we then set to work on putting away all of his newly purchased things. His unit came with a washer and dryer so I taught him how to use them, assuming he'd never touched the machines in his life.

He hadn't.

"Keep things separate. Lights with lights. Darks with darks. Whites on their own. Towels by themselves. Sheets by themselves."

"Got it."

"Let's wash your sheets first. Then the towels."

"Why?"

"Because you don't want any of the colors to run on you while you sleep."

Gabriel looked at the packaged sheets blankly. "Would they really do that?"

"Yes, sweetie. They would."

I couldn't get over how much he hadn't experienced and how much joy he took in learning them. If things were like this with Gabriel, what was missing in my life that I was completely ignorant about?

What's Gabriel going to teach me about life? Maybe how to enjoy it better?

Once we got everything washed, put away, or laid out, I took Gabriel to the local grocery store.

"Do you shop here, Emma?" he asked while looking around him in curiosity.

"Every week." I didn't have to ask him if he shopped for his groceries.

"Good. Then I'll shop here every week as well. We should do it together, Emma."

I tickled his neck. "You're really going all out, aren't you?"

Gabriel lifted his chin, reminding me of a cat giving access to the sensitive parts. "It's the only way I want to live-all out."

We shopped for well over an hour. I showed Gabriel how to go about picking fruit and vegetables. He listened intently, doing everything short of taking notes. At one point I had to stop and ask him, "Are you sure you're not putting me on?"

"What do you mean?"

"This. Are you sure you don't already know how to do this?"

Gabriel clasped his hands behind his back. "No, I don't. Emma, I usually pay people to do this for me."

I guessed correctly then. "All right. Here's how you shop for canned goods..."

I put up his groceries while he set up the TVs, but only after Gabriel assured me he was quite familiar with the contents of his refrigerator and pantry. I then popped some popcorn and we settled on the couch to watch one of my DVDs.

Wrapped up in a blanket, my head resting on his shoulder, I felt content and happy.

This can be my life. Everyday spent just like this.

Gabriel ordered a couple of pizzas for dinner. We ate and talked about our lives directly after high school. We both skirted around any mentions of failed relationships, especially our own. I admired how hard he worked to keep his family's company from going under after his father's untimely demise. He admired my degree, lamenting that he'd never had time to go back and get his.

"Can you see forever, Emma? I can."

The question had come out of nowhere. I could see forever, yet I feared how fast I was falling for Gabriel. I busied myself with picking off a piece of pepperoni and popping it into my mouth. He continued on without a hitch.

Still, my lack of answer dug at me. Why was I so afraid to take us at face value?

Because it's never that simple with Gabriel. I can't say yes now when I still don't know exactly how this is going to work.

Later, Gabriel walked me to my door like an old-fashioned suitor. "I really enjoyed today, Emma. Thank you for all your help."

"You're welcome. I had fun. Let me know if you need anything. You have my number, right?"

Gabriel reached out and played with a tendril of my hair. He lingered, silent and thoughtful. "Emma?"

"Yes?" I hoped he would kiss me. I'd been dying for it since I saw him yesterday. I'd wanted it at Macy's, I craved it in Aisle 7, and I yearned for it during the whole time we watched "Ocean's Eleven". Every time we touched, every slide of his hand against mine, stirred my desire until it fairly boiled. I know I didn't mistake the lust in his gaze because I recognized it as my own.

He smiled and took a step back. "I'll see you tomorrow."

Disappointed that I was denied his kiss again, I whispered, "Good night." As I lay in bed that night, hand between my thighs, I thought of the enigmatic man just on the other side of the wall. I came again and again with his name on my lips.

Gabriel definitely dangled me from his elegant fingers. I had a feeling he was waiting for me to pass a test he designed, except I didn't have a study guide. All I had was the hope that his patience with my inability to solve the presented problem wouldn't end.

Now with empty bellies, we walked through the glass doors and dodged the steady foot traffic. The limo gleamed ebony dark as it idled by the curb.

"No Escalade today?"

"Nope. I'll save that for later."

Waylon greeted us both warmly as he held open the door. Gabriel climbed in after me. He held me in his arms, guiding my head to rest against his chest. His cologne had quickly become my favorite scent in the whole world.

"How's your day been, Ms. Adams?"

"Busy. Yours, Mr. Gordon?"

"Busy. Much better now that I'm with you."

"Me too."

"I missed you, Emma. Have you missed me?"

Closing my eyes, I let myself have the luxury of truth. "Yes. It's hard to think about anything else when all I can think about is you."

"I'm sorry that we didn't get to spend the whole day together yesterday."

"It's okay. Really."

Our Sunday trip to the zoo was a first for us both. Gabriel called ahead by about an hour, telling me he would be by my place around 11:00am. Apparently, he didn't know about the sleeping-in-late-on-Sunday rule.

Gabriel brought me breakfast again just as I finished getting dressed. Seeing him on my doorstep with aviator glasses, a long sleeved white shirt, jeans, and boots, brought back all the desire I thought I'd exorcised the night before in bed.

"Hello," I greeted him, breathless and suddenly shy.

"Hello, Emma."

While eating a light meal of pancakes and fruit, I'd asked, "I thought you were busy today."

"Hmm?"

"You know-the thing with your mom."

"No. I cancelled."

"Really? Why?"

Gabriel's sultry stare answered him far better than "I had the insatiable urge to look at monkeys with you."

He drove us down after breakfast, easily finding a parking spot. Gabriel opened my door, like he'd done every single time the day before, and we approached the ticket booth hand in hand.

I loved it. I loved being able to be with Gabriel in public, without having to worry about others staring and judging us. I loved our anonymity.

We made our way through the zoo. Walking slowly, stopping to see every exhibit, Gabriel and I weren't the billionaire and the girl. We were just two people who liked the cheetahs, loved the polar bears, and thought the alligators were just waiting for us to turn our backs.

He'd asked if I could see forever. I could see it, taste it, and longed for it.

Spontaneously breaking out in smile, I wondered if life could really be this easy. Could you find love again just like that? Was I really this lucky?

Gabriel's phone rang as we approached the last exhibit. He stepped away, apologetic and with a firm promise he'd only be a minute. Standing by the fox habitat, I watched him from the corner of my eye. The easy smile I so adored had disappeared, leaving his mouth tight with tension.

Whoever was on the other side had made Gabriel furious. It could've been anything. Gabriel looked over his shoulder and saw me watching. He ended the call immediately.

It could be anything so why do I suddenly feel cold?

When he came back to me I didn't ask him why he'd been so angry. I didn't mention anything at all, but our sweet outing had inadvertently soured.

"I'm sorry, Emma. Something's come up and I have to go. I'll be back by tonight."

"Are you okay?"

"I will be when I get back to you. I'll call you, okay?"

Gabriel hadn't shown up by the wee hours of the morning. I lay awake nearly as long. I'd listened for every motor and expected every flash of headlight to be his. I worried, sensing in my gut that something very wrong had happened.

A few short hours I'd startled awake. My alarm rudely announced shower time. By the time I was dressed in a smart black suit, hair pulled back in a chignon, I'd shoved Gabriel aside as much as I could.

I couldn't expect him to be by my side 24/7. I had to trust he hadn't been able to come back for a good reason.

You have to get over your insecurities about him some day. Today might as well be the day.

I opened the door to see Gabriel leaning against the wall. "Baby, I'm so sorry. I just got back a few minutes ago." He'd brought me flowers, apologetic and tired.

I loved hearing the pet name on his lips. "Have you slept at all?"

A faint smile curled his lips. "No."

"You didn't have to come back here, Gabriel. You could've gone straight to work and just called me later."

"I didn't want to." Gabriel tugged me into his arms. His whole body shuddered and melted against mine. "I wanted to see you."

I hugged him back. Exhaustion hit me now that I knew he was okay. I shrugged it off and concentrated on just being with him.

"I'm sorry, Emma. Really I am. I had business to take care of but I'd much rather have been here with you. Here, I brought you these."

I pulled away from him to accept the flowers, relieved to hear his words. "I guess it's not always a glamorous life to be so rich. Money and business don't always respect normal business hours, do they?"

He didn't say anything, but I saw the nervousness hiding behind his pleasant exterior.

I immediately felt guilty. Did he think me so unforgiving that I'd hold his work against him or be angry because plans change?

I'm not that kind of girl. I'll show you.

I reached out for Gabriel again and kissed him on the cheek. "I'm so glad you made time for me this morning, Gabriel."

"Always." He kissed my forehead, lingering longer than usual. "We better go. Don't want to be late, do we?"

Although we drove separately to work, Gabriel met me by the elevators. "Don't forget we have a lunch date today."

"I won't."

Gabriel gestured to the bouquet of lilies in my arms. "Think of me."

"Always."

I carried his delighted smile with me all the way to my cube.

Now ensconced in his luxury vehicle, wrapped up tightly in his arms, I wondered how I'd managed to forget Gabriel long enough to be of some service to Med-Tech. Juggling a boyfriend and a career would definitely be a challenge-one I'd never had to do. I eagerly looked forward to the experience.

Waylon dropped us off at a deli serving 3" thick sandwiches. I knew I'd probably only be able to eat half, but it didn't stop me from ordering the full sandwich. Gabriel placed our order and then escorted us to the back of the cramped space to wait on our food.

Gabriel enfolded my hands in his. "I want to talk to you about tonight, Emma."

"What is it?"

"I won't be home."

"You mean the apartment?"

"Yes."

"Oh, that's okay."

Gabriel opened his mouth before closing it. "Actually, it's not."

"Why?" I finally noticed the brackets lining his mouth. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine. I will be fine that is. I just have to take care of a couple of things before I can fully move next to door to you."

Inwardly I struggled to make the proper words come out, but I forced them out anyways. I'd already gotten used to the idea of having Gabriel so close. Still, it wasn't about what I wanted. It was about what was best for him.

"Look, Gabriel, you don't have to if it's easier for you to stay where you are-"

"No! I'm not staying there."

His vehemence begged me to ask, "Why do you hate it so much?"

Gabriel inhaled and exhaled several beats. "I hate what it represents in my life."

"Which is?"

"A time when I was willing to settle."

"Gabriel, I'm sorry but I don't understand."

He lifted my hands up to his mouth and kissed the knuckles. "I don't mean to be vague. I just don't like talking about that time when I'm with you."

"You probably will need to one day. I mean, seeing how much it's affecting you now."

"You're right. I will explain one day...really soon...but not right now. I just want to focus on us, on my future with you."

I cleared my throat. "Does this have to do with Embry?"

A server brought our food before he could answer, forcing us to break our contact. I couldn't help but fear the symbolism.

"No and yes. I'll explain everything soon, Emma. Let me manage the loose ends and then I'll tell you everything."

Gabriel didn't seem enthusiastic about the telling. It must've been pretty bad.

I thought about the night before. The question of "Was it business last night or was it personal" bore down on my tongue. I swallowed it, afraid that I was seeing things that didn't exist, much like I had seven years before.

I didn't want to run from him this time. Not based on assumptions, fear, and insecurity.

So I ignored the fear making itself comfortable in my stomach. I smiled and ate my delicious lunch, made all the more tasty because of the pensive angel at my side.

Gabriel is crazy for me and I'm crazy for him. It's going to be okay.

"Is your food good?"

"Yes." I managed a sunny smile for him. "I've never been here. I'm so glad you took me."

Gabriel leaned forward and kissed my cheek. "Just a few more days, Emma, and then I'm all yours."

"I'll hold you to that, Sir."

"My God, Emma. What you do to me! I promise I'll show you soon in explicit detail."

If only all promises were just as sweet as Gabriel.

CHAPTER EIGHT

"Hello? Gabriel? Where are you?"

It was 8:32pm, almost eight hours since I saw him at lunch. I'd just spent the better part of the last five minutes making my way up the colossal structure of granite and glass just to see Gabriel. The entire building reeked of privilege and exclusivity. I felt seriously underdressed in my yoga pants, jacket, and flip flops.

Thankfully the front desk (Concierge? Security? I'm not sure what it'd be called) let me up without any issues. All I had to do was show my ID. Apparently Gabriel had left my name as an approved visitor.

The elevator wasn't as fast as the one's in Gabriel's building but it was fast enough. Alone in the bullet box I wondered what was so important that he needed me to come over.

Maybe he needs moral support?

The door had been left unlocked as promised. I entered the silent space, surprised that Gabriel wasn't there to greet me. I scanned the immaculate interior, looking for any sign of him. Sleek lines of luxury furniture and tasteful decor greeted me from the low-lit living room. Although drawn to the bank of floor to ceiling windows and the enormous outdoor patio beyond, I slowly made my way deeper into the darkened interior.

"Gabriel? Are you here?"

A gallery of pictures hung in the long hallway. Several empty spots broke the perfect arrangement, making me wonder what happened to them. I had a sinking suspicion I already knew.

"Gabriel? Hello?"

He rushed out of a room further down the hall, dressed only in low slung pajama pants and carrying a bottle. "Emma? Is that you?"

I smiled, happy to see him again. "Gabriel, I came as fast as I could. What's up?"

He rushed down the hall towards me. My welcoming smile faded when he hissed, "Emma, why are you here? How did you get here without me knowing?"

Gabriel's blistering anger shocked me. The man before me was nothing like the man I'd come to know over the past four days. "You texted me to come over."

"I didn't."

I held up my phone to show him the text. "Yes, you did."

Gabriel's jaw clenched tight. I could see the muscles straining along his neck. "How did you get in?"

"You had me put on the list. At least, I think you did. The front desk...security...let me up. Are you okay?"

"No, how did you get inside here?"

"You left your door unlocked. Gabriel, what's wrong?"

He opened his mouth and then closed it. "You can't be here."

"Wait...what the hell is going on? Why'd you ask me to come here if you don't want me here?"

His hand closed around my arm. He roughly walked me back down the hall and into the living room. He then immediately backed away and pointed towards the door. "Emma, leave. I don't know what's happened, but you can't be...be...be here."

I recognized the signs from when we were teens. He swayed ever-so-slightly on his feet. His speech was too careful. I shook my head in disgust. "Gabriel, you're drunk."

"Yes. I am. Now that you've satisfied your curiosity-go. Please."

"Why are you drinking? Are things really that bad?"

"Emma! Not now. Please." He took a swig from the half-empty bottle. His neck bent, the weight of his head apparently too much to bear. "I don't want you here. Not here. Not in this place. Not now. Go home before I forget why..."

I should've listened. I should've turned on my heel and walked straight out the door.

"You texted me for a reason. What was it?"

"Not me. Gabriel didn't do it. Gabriel wouldn't do it because Gabriel doesn't want Emma here in this place. Not here where he wasn't the man he needed to be for her. Not here...understand?"

I carefully circled him, my hand out ready to steady him. "I don't want to leave you, Gabriel. Not when you're like this."

My kindness was wasted.

"That's too bad, Emma. I don't have the energy to pretend to be that which I'm not and to hide who I am. I'm a right bastard at the moment and I'm afraid I won't be able to control it. I don't want to hurt you. Never you. Never my sweet, sweet, perfect Emma. Now go before I stop being the one I want to be and turn into the one that is...is..."

Gabriel flung his head back. His throat worked, Adam's apple bobbing madly.

I ached to hold him against my breast, to soothe the anger and grief away. "You wouldn't hurt me."

His head popped back up. The vicious sneer denied it. "Shows what you know. Then again, you don't know much of anything. Not when I'm hiding left and right. Have to or you'll run away. Why are you so good at running away, Emma? Have you had lots of practice with lots of people or just me? It's me, isn't it? I'm dirt beneath your feet. Only you, Emma, only you would see me like that. Maybe I'm the idiot after all. Stupid Gabriel Gordon..."

I refused to answer the belligerent end of his questions and instead focused on the beginning. "I never asked you to hide who you are."

"Sure you have."

"No, really I haven't. I accept you as you are-"

"Oh, will you be quiet already? I don't want to see you right now. I certainly don't want to talk to you. I don't want you here. How many times do I have to tell you? Now will you remove yourself from my sight and from my home? Please, Emma? I don't want to say anything to make you sad or mad and I know the real me. He'll do it. He'll do it because he always hurts those that would love him. Gabriel is a f**king monster. He's a sick bastard that doesn't deserve you, but he's such a bastard that he'll do whatever it takes to keep you. You really don't want to know him, Emma. You shouldn't. So go. Please!"

"No."

Gabriel stared me down, cold and ruthless. I imagined it was the stare he gave to his enemies. "No?"

"No."

His eyes became chips of blue ice. "I'm not asking you anymore."

"And I'm not leaving. Not yet."

Anger pulsed, poisoning the air with his fury. "You'll leave if I make you. It won't be nice if I have to do it. Now go."

"No."

Gabriel threw the near-empty bottle away from me, against the opposite wall. "Why can't you just do it? Why do you have to be so goddamned defiant? I don't want you here, do you understand? I don't want to look at you and I certainly don't want to hear any of your f**king attitude, all right? Not now! Not when I'm like this!"

My eyes flooded with tears. Pain lanced me. I'd seen this kind of rage years before, but never directed at me.

"Oh, great. Now she cries. Thank you for the additional memories, Emma. It's not like I had enough of my own, now you have to add yours. Well, come on through. Place all your crap in my head! It's not like anything I want really matters!"

I blinked back my tears, drawing up the strength I'd counted on for years to keep me visually unaffected. "I don't know who you are right now. Why are you being like this?"

"Because I'm not bloody perfect. That's why!"

"I never wanted you to be perfect." I just wanted you to be mine.

"Oh, didn't you?" Gabriel demanded with another sneer as he stalked my way. "Didn't you?"

Although nervous, I refused to budge. I had to believe that he would never purposely hurt me. Not with his hands and definitely not with his words.

"I never meant to make you feel that way, Gabriel."

"But you did, Emma. You did it every single f**king time you threw my money in my face. You did it every time I didn't understand exactly where you were coming from. You did it when you walked away the first time. How do you think that made me feel? You were the only girl I ever allowed myself to-" Gabriel abruptly shut down.

The vicious words lashed me, making it impossible to draw more than a shaky breath. I didn't know what to say to defend myself.

"I'm sorry, Gabriel. I was scared back then. I was afraid of losing myself in you...that you couldn't see me. That I was just another in a long line of girls who'd made the mistake of loving you. I didn't want that to be me. I couldn't make that mistake."

"Mistake, huh? Loving me would be a mistake. You're right, my dear. Loving me is the worst. I really should let you go now. I won't but I should."

Everything was getting mixed up. My words were becoming weapons I didn't want to wield.

"Gabriel, I..."

"Did it ever occur to you to maybe look at things from my point of view, Emma? I'm sorry I didn't grow up in the dirt like you. I'm sorry that I had the toys of my dreams while you had someone else's broken leftovers. I'm sorry, Emma. I can't change that. I can't change who I am. Being wealthy is just a small part of me. If you can't accept this about me, how can you ever accept all the other f**ked up things about me?"

He'd gone too far. Infuriated that he insulted me even as he judged, I bit out, "Are you just your money? Is that the whole of you? Just a walking, talking dollar sign?"

Gabriel ran a hand through his hair and yelled in frustration. "That's what you went to! Fuck, Emma! What about me? Do you even see me? That's one reason why I didn't want you here! All you see is the things and their cost. You don't see me!"

I wanted to drop to my knees in the face of his rage and disappointment. He was right-Gabriel Gordon could be a bastard and I was just the wrong girl at the right time.

And he was right. All I could imagine as I crept through his penthouse was how much I didn't fit in it. And I hated that about myself. How many other women passed through these halls? Women who weren't the daughters of a high school dropout and had access to everything money could buy. Women who weren't me.

A woman like me lived somewhere further away, chosen because the rent was cheaper and the offset in gas still cost less than sharing this illustrious zip code.

A woman like me always viewed those who had more with suspicion because I'd spent my whole youth suffering the rejection and ridicule because I didn't have the latest fashions and no hope of ever wearing them. A woman like me had seen how the parents of my peers treated women like my mother-like faceless lackeys at best or verbal whipping girls at worst. A woman like me had to skirt around the boys who thought that just because their family employed my mother, they had the right to reach under my skirt.

A woman like me hated that world and everything in it. I hated it all except Gabriel Gordon. But Gabriel belonged to that Technicolor world and I forever belonged to the colorless one outside of it.

No!

"I don't even know why you called me over. I should've just ignored your text. Fine. You want me gone-you got it! FYI, you should probably stay here from now on."

Gabriel wiped a hand across his face. "Emma, don't."

"Save it. You've said enough." I turned on my heel and stalked towards the door. "I told you that we'd never work. I told you we'd never be able to get over it."

"What did you say?"

I stopped halfway between the door and Gabriel. "You heard me."

"Come again. Say it. Don't whisper. Say it loud and clear, Ms. Adams."

I turned around and closed the distance between us. "I told you that we'd never work. You'll never be able to look past the fact that I'm not in your social class."

Gabriel chuckled, his normally pleasing laughter sounding bitter and harsh. "That's rich, Emma. Pardon the pun." He stabbed a finger in my direction. "I never gave a damn about what you did or didn't have. Never. All I've ever wanted was you. You on the other hand..."

"What do you mean?"

"You know exactly what I mean! You always throw my money in my face. You know what that makes you? A snob."

"Snob? You're calling me a snob?"

"You're damn right I am!" Gabriel shoved his hand through his hair again. "You've always treated my wealth as if it automatically made me less of a moral person than you. That it automatically tainted me and put me beneath you."

"That's not true. Your high school friends-yes. You-no."

"Your denial sounds hollow, sweetheart. You might want to blink if you're trying to convey a modicum of authenticity."

I closed my eyes tightly. I wasn't going to cry in front of him. I only opened them once I had enough control. Dry-eyed, I said firmly, "I can't talk to you when you're like this."

"When I'm like what? Truthful?"

"Spiteful!"

"It's not spite, Emma. It's me being sick and tired of you doing this every single time you can't deal with us. It's the damned distance you create when I don't comply exactly to what you think I should be. I've been a grinning fool, going out of my way to be what you like because you'll never be able to handle the real me."

I'd liked how he'd been with me-all the laughter, kisses, and hugs. The idea that it'd been a farce or something he'd hated hurt so much.

What's happening, Gabriel? How did I lose you again?

I backed up. I raised my hand in the air, needing it to provide a barrier that I could no longer provide.

"I don't have to listen to this. Look, I'm sorry I came over and I'm more sorry that I didn't leave when you first asked me. Now, if you'll excuse me..."

I spun on my heel and headed straight for the door. The tears cascaded down my cheeks, blurring everything in sight. Wounded and raw, I just wanted to get away from Gabriel and the ugly truth that he might very well be right.

Maybe it's just me...like before...maybe he's right. Maybe I'll never be able to see past the money. Maybe I'm too afraid that one day he'll look over at me and see I'm not good enough for him.

I don't want to feel this way. I won't feel this way.

"Oh no you don't!" Gabriel raced ahead of me and blocked the exit with his body. "You're not going to run away. Not this time."

Build up your wall. Fast.

My voice came out indifferent. "I'm not running away. I'm complying with your request or are you too damned drunk to remember what you just yelled at me to do?"

Gabriel shook his head. His mouth twisted into a belligerent line.

"You're running away. Like always."

My patience had officially come to an end. Anger blistered each word. "Get out of the way. Now."

"No. Admit it, Emma. Go on-admit it."

"Admit what?!"

He didn't raise his voice to match my yell. Gabriel kept his tone calm, making the words all the more devastating. "Admit that you'll never think of me as being good enough for you. I will always be a piece of shit, womanizing, rich boy in your eyes!"

Not good enough? Are you kidding?

I shook my head and backed up for fear I'd smack the piss out of him. "That's not true."

"Bullshit. What don't you trust? Me or my money?"

"It's not that simple."

"Sure it is." Gabriel pushed off the door and stalked closer. "Which one, Emma? We both already know the answer so there's no point in keeping it secret."

With each step he advanced forward, I took one back. No matter how spacious the living area was, I was eventually going to run out of room. My smiling, playful Gabriel was long gone as if he'd never been-leaving an avenging angel in his place.

Forgive me, Gabriel, for I have sinned. Against you and me.

"Why are you trying to push me like this? Why can't you let me be?"

Gabriel finally stopped. So did I. An incredibly poignant mix of fury and sadness overwhelmed his gaze. "Because we won't make it, Emma, until you can accept me for who I am-flaws and all. And I don't want that to be the truth, but it is."

"I do accept you."

"No, you accept what you think of me but you don't accept me. And because of that, you don't trust me. There is no relationship without trust. You know that, Emma. So tell me the truth. What about me don't you trust? Haven't I been a good boy? Haven't I tried so very hard these past few days?"

A tiny sob broke free. I covered my mouth with one hand, humiliated that I'd shown him how much his words affected me.

"Haven't I, Emma?"

"You've been wonderful."

"Then what is it? Why won't you trust me? Tell me. If there's going to be any chance for us, I need to know."

Panic hit me. I felt trapped. "It's not an either/or situation, Gabriel. It's both. I don't trust you or your money. Not yet." I paled. I wanted to walk back the words, to silence them. Looking at his face, seeing the devastation erupting across it, I realized I failed the test. "I want to but I'm not there yet. I'm sorry."

"Why?" He stood there, taut as a string on the verge of snapping.

There was no hope for it. I had to come clean. The weekend disappeared as if it never was. I was back to being that hostile girl of seventeen again.

"How many women have you had this year, Gabriel? How many last year? How many the year before that?"

His stare clouded before becoming ruthless and sharp. "The number doesn't have bearing on you."

"Wrong. It has everything to do with me. How many times am I going to trip over your exes? I just met you again on Friday and not even eight hours later there was Embry."

He deflated. "I'm sorry. It was f**ked up, I know."

"Women are interchangeable to you, to men like you. They've always have been. We're all the same. Throw some money at us and it'll fix anything, won't it? Lonely? Here's my card-go shopping. Bored? Take the car out for a drive. Honey, I'm sorry I blew off dinner. Here's some lingerie. Why don't you go put it on so I can make it up to you?"

The muscle in his jaw clenched. "I don't treat you that way."

"Because I won't let you treat me like that. And you know why? Because I'll never let myself depend on you, Gabriel. I won't let you become everything to me. I won't. I can't."

"If I lost all my money would I then be good enough for you, Emma? Would that make me a better man in your eyes? Does being poor automatically you a better person?"

I mulishly kept my mouth shut.

"If money is so damned bad, then why are you so ambitious? Why didn't you stay back home and work as a waitress?"

This I couldn't let pass. "Because I wanted to make something of my life."

"And those people aren't making something of their lives? Why? Don't they get up just as early and leave just as late? Don't they work just as hard, harder than you even, because they're up on their feet all day while you sit in your precious cube?"

I hated how he put me on the defense, easily making me sound just like the snob he accused me of being. "You know what I mean."

"Oh, I understand perfectly. What you mean is that they aren't as good as you because they don't make as much money. And what exactly are you chasing after, Miss Junior Analyst? Money."

"It's not the same," I argued lamely. The ground was sinking under my feet.

"My ancestors felt the same exact way, Emma. They wanted better than what they were born to-just like you. Give it a generation or two and your grandchildren will be just like me. Rich, privileged, and entitled. How ever will you look down your nose at me then?"

I'd never been on the receiving end of Gabriel's acerbic tongue. I hated it. Miserable, I wanted us to stop the fighting but knew there was no stopping this. It would run its course and whatever survived, survived. What didn't, didn't.

"You're right. I'm trying to work for a better life. You know why? Because being poor sucks, Gabriel."

"I know it does."

"No, you don't. You don't have the first idea of what it's like to be down to your last dollar, worried about how you're going to stretch that until payday. Everything you've ever wanted has been there for the taking."

"Except you."

I swallowed hard. "Is that why you fixated on me all those years ago, Gabriel? Was it the thrill, the challenge?"

He shook his head. "I adored you, Emma, because you were strong and kind and so much better than anyone I'd ever met."

My anger receded beneath the sincerity I heard in his voice. "Then why didn't you see me outside of school?"

Gabriel blinked rapidly. "I didn't think you wanted that."

"Yeah? Is that why didn't you ever invite me to your parties, Gabriel?"

"Jesus Christ, Emma."

The disappointment on his face goaded me to push. "Go on, answer the question."

"Because you didn't belong there."

Gabriel's reply cut deeper than I would've liked. "That's right. I didn't."

"Not the way you think. You didn't belong there because you were better than that."

"Than what?"

"Than us, Emma! You were better than us! You weren't the type of girl who'd give head as easily as she gave her number. Or the kind who'd go down on her best friend just so that she'd impress some stupid a**holes whose family bank accounts were bigger than hers all in the pursuit of 'making connections'. You weren't the type of girl that usually..."

"Usually? Go on."

Gabriel sat down on the corner of his desk. "You weren't the kind of girl stupid a**holes usually use."

"Stupid a**holes, huh? Including you?"

Gabriel held my gaze, unflinching as he answered, "Including me."

My breathing quickened. Every damned skeleton was coming out of the closet. "There was a party at your house the night before prom."

He closed his eyes and shook his head. "Emma..."

"Did you f**k that type of girl the night before you f**ked me?"

"I did not f**k you, Emma. We made love. That was real and nothing you insinuate will ever change it."

Scenting blood, I ignored his passionate avowals. I walked right up to him and whispered, "Did you, Gabriel? While you were chasing after me, did you f**k them?"

His gaze met mine. I saw a lifetime full of regret emerge as he answered, "Yes."

It might have been irrational to be so enraged that I slapped his face. Maybe I was wrong to let out a deep, wounded cry while I beat against his chest. Especially over something that happened seven years before.

I was right to walk away. Damn you, Gabriel, I was right!

"This is why I don't trust you! You're still a rich, spoiled brat that thinks the whole f**king world is for sale! You think that the rules I live by don't apply to you! There are no consequences in your bubble-life, Gabriel! You can do what you want, shit on everyone, and wake up with a squeaky-clean conscience! Well, you know what? Fuck you and your bullshit world, Gabriel!"

Gabriel wrapped his arms around me. "Ssh, Emma. I'm sorry, baby. I'm so sorry. You're right. I am a piece of shit. I'm f**ked up, baby. It's true."

I fought him, wanting nothing more than to run away and to also curl up inside him. Gabriel whispered his apologies, letting them pour down on me like rain.

"Why did you pick me? Why me?" I howled.

"Because it had to be you."

"That's not good enough, Gabriel! You know I don't belong in your world!" I screamed, red-faced and agonized. "You drunk, goddamned a**hole!"

"Yes, you're right! I am an a**hole but you're wrong, Emma. You do belong with me. Always."

I stopped struggling. "No."

"Yes."

He easily lifted me up and brought me into the living room. Gabriel sank down onto the rug and kept me locked with his arms. He stroked my hair, murmuring how much he cared about me, how sorry he was in making me cry.

"Let me go!"

"No. I won't do that. You can't make me. Not again."

"You don't want me, Gabriel. You won't touch me, you wanted to throw me out of here...you're just playing with me...and I won't let you..." I gasped, shuddering as the sobs clawed their way up my raw throat.

"I'm not playing with you, baby. I swear I'm not. I'm just trying to be a better man for you and I'm making a damned mess of it. That's why I didn't want you here...not until I fix this."

My rage explosion ended as quickly as it began. I collapsed against him, weakened and just wishing Gabriel could make it all better. "Fix what? Tell me, Gabriel. Help me understand you. Please."

"I just need to get through this and then I can tell you."

"Get through what?"

Gabriel shook his head. "I can't tell you yet. Not until it's all done."

"You're killing me, Gabriel. I'm so afraid..."

"Me too. I'm sick with it."

I looked up, meeting his tortured gaze with mine. "Why are you scared?"

"I'm afraid you'll leave me again. I'm afraid you won't ever be able to love me."

Huddled against his chest, I wanted to confess. I wanted to tell him that it was too late. I already loved him. I never stopped. I loved him to the point of madness.

What else could it be that had me in arms when all my instincts demanded I leave and never look back?

"Gabriel, I'm sorry for what I said."

He tightened his arms around me. "Don't apologize, baby. I wanted to know the truth and you gave it to me. There's nothing for you to be sorry for."

"I do see you as more than your money."

"I know you do. I've been around enough women who wanted my bank account more than me to know the difference."

I pressed my face against his chest. The sound of his heartbeat lulled me. "Have you taken a look at yourself? You're gorgeous, Gabriel. The most beautiful man I've ever seen. Women want more than your money. I know it."

"Maybe, but you're the only who would prefer to take me penniless."

A wan smile appeared for a brief moment. "I don't know. I do like how you're able to make things happen at the last minute. It's pretty nifty."

Gabriel cupped my face. He tilted it back. "Tell me you forgive me for being such a jerk."

"Usually people ask for forgiveness. They don't demand it," I teased weakly.

Gabriel didn't respond. Instead, he waited for me.

I took in a ragged breath. "I forgive you. Do you forgive me?"

His expressive eyes widened in shock. "For what?"

"You're right. I do throw your money in your face. I always have. I'm sorry."

"Baby, there's nothing to forgive. I mean that."

"You're right. I have to accept all of you-even the things that make me uncomfortable."

"Why does wealth make you uncomfortable?"

I sighed. "It's not wealth necessary. It's the people that have it. They're not very nice, Gabriel. Rich people usually treat anyone who's not rich like shit. And I hate that. I hate that they can do it and get away with it." I coughed and whispered, "I'm so f**ked up, aren't I? I'm still that girl who hated being made fun of. How pitiful is that?"

"It's not. Have I done that to you? Made fun of you or made you feel less than-"

"No. Never."

"Then you have to know I'd never do it. So you don't have to be afraid of my money. Especially when all it wants to do is make you happy. I want to give you the world, Emma. Everything I have is yours." When I didn't say anything, he whispered, "Talk to me, baby. Even if it's just to tell me to go to hell."

"It's hard because I don't know what to do."

"All you have to do is let me be with you. That's all."

"Is that all? That's easy."

Gabriel finally smiled. He bumped my forehead with his. "Can I tell you something?"

"What?"

"I'm not drunk anymore."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah."

I ran my palm along his hard bicep. "That's good then. I don't like you drunk."

"Neither do I."

I finally took notice of the exquisitely muscled body pressed against mine. He'd thickened since high school, forever leaving behind the lean physique of youth and replacing it with a beautifully sculpted frame.

I wanted to lean closer and lick a trail from his neck to the hard ridge of his hipbones. I wanted to pull down his pants and lick the delicious shaft pressing insistently against my thigh.

Lust quickened my blood. I craved to feel Gabriel in me, working me however he wanted until I couldn't come anymore. I knew what he'd been capable of as a boy. I now wanted to find out how often the man could make me scream his name.

Gabriel seemed to scent my need. His eyes darkened. He stared at my mouth. His fingertips circled along my pulse before dipping down between my br**sts.

I moaned softly.

"Do you know how hard it's been for me to keep my hands to myself?"

"As hard as it's been for me to suffer you keeping them to yourself? It's been hell, Gabriel."

"I'm sorry, baby. I'm just trying to do things right this time around."

"I wish you weren't such a gentleman. I remember what it was like, you see? I remember everything. How you felt on top of me...inside me...how you kissed...the sounds you made when you came...all of it. It's all I can think of sometimes."

He groaned loudly. "Fuck, Emma! Your mouth does me in every single time."

I trembled with need. My core tightened and my skin itched with the burning desire to feel him along every inch. "I remember yours did me in too."

Gabriel flung his head back. "Oh God, yes I remember! Yours is the sweetest, prettiest p**sy I've ever tasted." He pinned me with an electric blue stare. "I'd give anything to have another taste."

I arched into him, hands already kneading his shoulders. "You don't have to wait. Honest."

Gabriel seductive chuckle raised goose bumps all along my skin. "I want you so badly, Emma. It's all I think about when I'm with you."

I somehow managed to gasp his name, excited beyond anything to know this magnificent man wanted me as much as I wanted him.

"I want to be deep inside you. Today. Tomorrow. Always."

I reached for him, sinking my fingers deep into his golden mane of hair. "Please kiss me."

Gabriel licked his lips, eyes gone sharp with hunger. "Baby, I kiss you then I won't stop."

"Is that bad?"

He closed his eyes. "Tonight it is."

"Why?"

"Because I don't want to make love to you here."

It felt like he dumped cold water on me. I already knew the answer but asked the question anyways. "Here being where you've made love to other women?"

Gabriel gave me a short, angry nod. "I'm sorry, Emma. You shouldn't have to deal with my past like this."

"No, it's okay. Your restraint too. It's sweet in an odd, frustrating way." I looked away, my body rioting that it wasn't going to be able to have Gabriel like it wanted. "I have a long day tomorrow and I need my sleep. I better go."

Gabriel's arms loosened. I rose to my feet and so did he. We stared at each other for many long moments, eyes trying their best to communicate while we lacked the ability to speak.

Regret and frustration blanketed his gaze. I didn't have to guess if it blanketed mine.

"I should go, Gabriel."

"Emma, I don't want you to leave. Please stay. I just want to be able to hold you tonight. Can I? Please?"

Gabriel stood there, heart in hand. I didn't have it in me to deny him anything.

"Just sleep?"

"I'm such an idiot," he mumbled under his breath. I couldn't help but be glad to know I wasn't the only one who ached from denial. Gabriel squared his shoulders. "Just sleep. For tonight."

The unspoken clearly being that this would be last night we would share the same bed and not doing anything exciting in it.

"Okay."

Gabriel pulled me to him. "What would I do if I lost you?"

"You won't."

He only held me tighter.

CHAPTER NINE

The text came right after I'd gotten off the phone with Gabriel.

I didn't have to glance in the mirror to know I still looked haggard. Although we'd fallen asleep in each other's arms, Gabriel woke up more distant than ever.

He blamed it on his hangover, but I knew it was more. Something had risen in the night, something bigger than his affection for me and mine for him. It hunkered between us. Unmovable and impossible to ignore.

"Are we still on for lunch today?"

He sighed on the other end. "I would love nothing more, Emma. I'm afraid I can't though. I've got a ton of paperwork to get through."

As much as I didn't want to, I felt the lash of rejection sting me. "Oh, it's okay. I'm sorry to bother you."

"Emma, wait!"

"Yes?"

Silence stretched. "I'm sorry for this. I'll make it up to you. I promise."

"You don't have to apologize, Gabriel. There's nothing to make up. Things happen. We'll have lunch another day, okay?"

"I will make it up to you."

His insistence made me wonder if he was just talking about missing lunch. The last twelve hours had devolved into something I hoped never to visit again. I ached to whisper, "Don't drift away from me, Gabriel. Please be patient. I don't want to lose you over my insecurities. I don't look at you the same way I look at them. Please, please believe me."

Instead, I murmured, "Well, I better let you go. I'll talk to you later."

"Emma, I'll be thinking about you today."

"Me too."

"Do you still have my flowers?"

I turned my attention to the bouquet perched next to a framed picture of my mom and me at my college graduation ceremony. The white lilies were just beginning to bloom. Already the fragrant scent filled my nose every time I took an appreciative sniff. "Yes."

"Good. Think of me every time you see them and know I'm thinking of you."

"I will."

"Until tonight, Emma."

"Goodbye, Gabriel."

"Goodbye, baby."

My phone chimed. I picked it up, curious to see who'd sent me a text.

Gabriel is meeting me for lunch today. Come see. - Embry

I immediately grew cold. My heartbeat seemed to slow. I couldn't believe the words on my phone. Gabriel wouldn't do that to me. He wouldn't go behind my back to meet up with an ex. Gabriel may have been many things, and he was, but he wasn't a liar.

How did you get this number?

Embry texted back quickly.

Does it matter? You're about to get a package and a letter. Follow the instructions if you want to see if I'm telling the truth. Text me back after you decide what to do.

A short minute later I got a call on my office phone.

"Emma Adams."

"Hi, Emma. You got a package here. Want me to run it by?"

"No, I'll get it right now. I need to stretch my legs anyways." I carried my phone tight in my hand. It was only a short trip to reception. I smiled at David, managing to ask him about his weekend while being sketchy on the details of mine. The small talk put me on edge, but I had to keep cool.

"I better get going. See you!"

"You know where to find me."

I made a detour to the bathroom. The little brown box looked unthreatening with its gorgeous ivory ribbon and elegant envelope tucked securely in its satin folds. I was terrified to open it.

A pair of black jogging pants, t-shirt, jacket, running shoes, and a cap lay nestled within pale green tissue paper. An envelope rested on top. I opened it up, dreading the words I was about to read.

Emma, put these on. I don't want to attract attention to my lunch with Gabriel and I'm sure you don't either. There are too many eyes out there that would love to take a picture of his girlfriend-you-and splash it all over the papers and web. Having the three of us in that shot would ruin his reputation. I trust you don't want to have a hand in embarrassing him. Discretion is the word.

I have a car waiting for you downstairs. The driver is wearing a red rose on his lapel. Get in and he'll take you to the restaurant. I've already alerted the staff that you're coming. You'll have no problem getting into the private dining room.

If you don't want to come, then there's nothing I can say to convince you. However, I do think that would be a mistake. I'll be waiting for your text.

I stuffed everything back into the box and strode back to my cube. I stared blindly at the lilies, desperately trying to decide what to do. The obvious answer was to go. The not-so-obvious answer was why?

What if their lunch was a final parting of things from his penthouse? I didn't have to read so hard between the lines to know that Embry had obviously spent time in his place. Lunch didn't mean cheating.

But then why didn't Gabriel just tell me the truth? Why did he lie?

I eyed the clock. Time was ticking whether I liked it or not.

You have to find out.

I rapped on the wall next door.

"Going to lunch, Emma?"

"Yeah, Kevin. I'll be back in a bit."

"All right. Have a good one."

Doubt it.

I hurried over to the bathroom and changed my clothes. I was going for a run if anyone asked. Everything fit perfectly. I didn't want to think too deeply as to why. After dropping my work clothes back at my cube, I hurried downstairs. I texted Embry in the elevator.

I'm in the elevator.

She replied a minute or so later.

My driver is waiting at the curb. White Porsche.

Of course it is.

I pulled the cap low over my eyes and made my way outside. Sure enough there was a gleaming Porsche Cayenne idling at the curb. The driver stood by the door, perfect red rose exactly where Embry said it would be.

I stalked over to him, cursing myself a fool for playing Embry's stupid game. I slid into the back seat. Embry's driver, an older gentleman with salt and pepper hair and kind brown eyes, effortlessly slid into the heavy traffic.

He didn't say a word. Neither did I. All I could think about was Gabriel. Was he really there? Why was he seeing her? Why did he lie?

The questions swirled round and round, circling the drain of my insecurities.

Why would he sneak around with an ex-girlfriend? There's no way I'm mistaken about how much he wants me, am I?

Dirty suspicion dragged me low. Gabriel may have wanted me, but he had yet to touch me. Embry was obviously someone he'd been recently involved in. I doubt celibacy had been part of their relationship. Maybe he wasn't completely over her sexually?

Nausea roiled in the pit of my stomach. My breathing quickened and beads of sweat dotted my forehead. If Gabriel was there I'd have my answer.

Please don't be there.

All too quickly the vehicle came to a stop at a two-story Italian restaurant. We'd probably gone maybe a mile.

"Is this it?"

"Yes, Miss."

I didn't wait for him to come around for my door. I exited the vehicle a scant second later and strode inside. My eyes struggled to adjust to the darkened interior as I searched for the host or hostess.

"May I help you, ma'am?" A pretty woman about my age stood behind her podium, black hair straight as an arrow and face mildly curious.

"Yes, I'm..." Who was I supposed to ask for? "Embry Milford has a reservation and is expecting me. My name is Emma Adams."

"Ms. Adams, of course. You are the last member of Ms. Milford's party to arrive. Please follow me." She picked up a menu and indicated that we should go up a set of stairs flanking the bar.

"Excuse me?"

"Yes, ma'am?"

"Do you know if Gabriel Gordon is already here?"

The hostess' smile turned up in wattage. "Mr. Gordon arrived with Ms. Milford about fifteen minutes ago."

"I see." My nausea disappeared. Fury appeared in its place. "This is my first time meeting them here. Do they come here often?"

The hostess took my smile at face value. She nodded her head and shared, "They always reserve the 2nd floor dining room even though it's usually just them. They're so obviously in love, you know?"

"I do." Black spots swam in my vision. I don't remember being this enraged ever. I felt as if I could strike Gabriel dead.

You always knew who he was, who he was capable of being. He's not worth it. Go in, see what you need to see, and then get out. There'll be no doubts, no regrets. You'll finally be able to move past him.

We climbed up the stairs and made our way down the narrow, dimly lit hallway. The hostess stopped before a closed door and said, "Right this way, Ms. Adams."

I took a look at the menu in her hand. "Actually I won't need a menu because I won't be staying for long. I'll just see my way in, thanks." I stepped inside the door before she could say another word.

Slipping inside the door, I immediately spied Gabriel and Embry. They were sitting close, her hand on his cheek and his face twisted with what looked like pain.

My heart cracked in two.

She was telling the truth and he wasn't. Goddamn you, Gabriel Gordon.

I shelved the devastated girl and brought forth someone manic to the core.

"Well, isn't this cozy. Tucked away like this in your own dining room with complete privacy. Oh, and look! Red roses. Ah, and a ribboned box. I wonder what's in there? Something expensive, I'm sure."

"Emma!" Gabriel surged to his feet. Guilt ravaged his features. All my doubts were freshly buried. Even though I wanted to scream and cry, I wouldn't give either if them the satisfaction of watching me break.

"Hello, baby." Butter wouldn't melt in my mouth. "You brought her flowers too? And here I thought my flowers were special! Too bad. When I get back to the office, guess what the first thing that's going in the trash is?"

Gabriel clenched his eyes shut. He exhaled long and loud before looking at me again. "Emma, I swear this isn't what you think it is."

"My eyesight is pretty good, Gabriel. I know what I'm seeing." I turned my attention to the exquisite woman still seated. "You're set up quite nicely for a romantic lunch. No wonder you wanted me to see this for myself."

"It was one of our favorites." Her pale gaze indicated my presence was most welcome. "This table, I mean. Gabriel always reserved this room so he could kiss my neck in private...among other things."

"I'm sure." My glare should've burned him alive. I pulled a chair from a nearby table and sat down. I looked from one face to the other, noting Gabriel's pale countenance and Embry's smug one. I wanted to slap one and punch the other.

Just exactly who got the slap and who got the punch had yet to be determined.

"Well, well. Isn't it funny how plans can change on a dime? Last I heard, Gabriel, you were neck-deep in a ton of paperwork." I made a dramatic show of looking around. "I don't see any paperwork. Your definition of a ton and mine must be different for you to get through it all so fast."

"How did you know?" Gabriel's lips tightened before trying again. "I mean, how did you know I was having lunch out today?" He reached for my hand.

The fury in my stare stopped him cold. He withdrew it and quickly tossed back a drink instead. "Didn't you hear what I just said? Or do you need to hear from her? Would you care to tell him, Embry, or should I?"

"I could but I much prefer to hear your version."

My mouth twisted in a venom smile. "Oh, you're good. I like how neatly you deflected that. I might have to borrow your technique."

Embry lifted her glass and sipped the champagne with enviable grace. "You could do worse."

Gabriel clenched his hand into a fist. "Embry, you bitch." He turned to me and pleaded in a low tone, "It's not what you think."

"Oh, that is rich! I'm sorry, but really? It's not what I think? How would you know what I think when I haven't had the pleasure of telling you in explicit detail? Would you like me to tell you now, hmm? Because I'm not feeling particularly shy at the moment and I really feel you simply must know."

Gabriel closed his eyes. His face looked haggard, exhausted beyond the moment. "It's not what you think. I swear it isn't."

"Sure it isn't, Gabriel. I mean you're not the kind of man who would lie to me and tell me you can't see me for lunch because you're absolutely swamped with work, are you?" I rocked my head back in emphasis. "Oh, wait a minute. You did just that with me today, didn't you? That wasn't a smart move at all, Gabriel. Not at all. But then again, you've had plenty of practice moving on from one girl to the other. Don't worry-I'm a quick learner. This won't be the messy kind of breakup you're used to."

Terror possessed his features. He scooted his chair closer to mine. "Emma, baby, don't."

My violent cheeriness couldn't be stopped. "Be quiet! Really. You don't get say that to me anymore because you're a liar."

"Gabriel, darling, I would move back a bit. She looks like she's apt to resort to violence and I'm sure that's the last thing you'd like."

Hearing Embry speak to him in such sugary-sweet tones made me want to slam her face against the table and hope she choked a huge shard of broken glass on the way down. The viciousness of my emotions scared me, but not nearly enough.

"Embry, shut-up!" Gabriel snapped before I could, intense dislike for the cool blond staining his beautiful, dishonest face. "I shouldn't have tried to reason with you. If you think for a moment that you've won-you've got another thing coming."

Nice try. You weren't so hateful when she had her hand on your cheek, were you?

Gabriel tried again, voice low and insistent. "Emma, baby, I know this looks terrible, but I need you to listen to me."

I pointed my finger at his face. "That's where you're wrong. I don't actually have to do that."

"Emma, please."

"No! You don't get to talk especially since everything that is coming out of your mouth is either a lie or an obvious grab at buying time. I'm afraid, Mr. Gordon, you don't have a bank account big enough to buy your way out of this-at least not with me."

"Emma-"

"No." I grabbed a breadstick and took a leisurely bite. "Embry texted me and invited me to pop in if I didn't believe that you, the man I finally let myself trust above all others, was actually having lunch with her. Behind my back and after you lied to me."

Gabriel shook his head. "I'm sorry that I had to do that."

"Really? I'm afraid I don't believe that." I turned my attention to Embry. "You planned this. Why don't tell us both why you really wanted me here?"

"Should I tell her, darling?"

The use of the word grated as I'm sure it intended to. Fuck it. I wasn't going to keep my mouth shut and let her keep pricking me with her damned diamond tipped claws.

I tossed my breadstick on the table. "Let's clear something up right now-Gabriel's not mine anymore so you can call him darling all day long. It's no sweat off my back, understand?"

"Crystal."

"No, goddamnit!" Gabriel wrapped his hand around my wrist. "I'm not going to let you do this! I'm not skirting beyond your back with this woman, Emma." His tortured whisper would've normally been enough to break me.

Not anymore.

I ignored Gabriel. I fixated my attention on the viperous bitch across the table, daring her to do her worst. "You've set it in motion, Embry. Let me see how it's all supposed to end."

"Let's go. Now!" Gabriel made to stand up and forcibly pull me up with him.

"If you even try to make me leave, I will scream this whole restaurant down. You don't need the publicity or the gossip, Gabriel."

"Fuck the publicity and the gossip. We're going now."

Embry set her champagne flute down. "Gabriel, she's bound to find out sooner or later. Dragging her out of here won't do anything to delay it now."

I yanked my arm from him. "I'm to find out more than this? Lovely."

Embry observed me for a bit. "You're not quite what I expected, Emma. I'm compelled to inform you this isn't exactly personal. Just necessary."

"Of course, it is."

She addressed the seething man sitting so close to me that I felt the trembling in his hard thigh.

"Gabriel, you surprise me. I've never seen you so out of control, so vulnerable. I'm afraid it makes me sick with jealousy. I'd give anything to have you look at me the way you look at her."

"Give it time," I interjected. "I'm sure it won't take much."

"Emma!" Gabriel hissed in censure. "Say that again and I'll drag you out of here-by your hair if need be."

"Try it and see how well your face fares."

"I wouldn't touch his face if I were you. It's one of the things I love about him." Embry cleared her throat delicately. "I'm not going to draw the suspense out any further, Emma. I want Gabriel back and I want you to let him go."

"Impossible!" Gabriel snapped coldly. "Embry, you and I were done months ago. You know that."

"Yes, but only a day after you found her. That's rather cruel, even for you."

Tunnel vision erased Gabriel. I could only see Embry. "Explain."

"I'd been Gabriel's for two years, Emma. It was quite serious, you know."

"How serious?"

"Gabriel was going to be my husband."

Oh, God!

"You were engaged to her?" I asked him, accusation dripping off each careful syllable. "Engaged?"

"No." Gabriel's gaze begged me to believe him. I looked away.

"But you were going to ask me. I saw the ring, Gabriel."

Embry didn't have the look of a liar. I still had to ask. "Is this true?"

Please say no. Please say no. Please, please, please.

Murder boiled in his crystalline stare for the woman seated across from us. "Yes."

The room turned black for a split-second. My breath came out in an agonized rush. "You were going to marry her."

"Yes, he was. I was going to be Mrs. Gabriel Gordon. I was going to be his wife and the mother of his children. Everything I ever wanted was right there. And then you ruined it, Emma. All of my dreams came to an end the day he saw you in his building."

Shocked and more than a little sick, I turned to the man I had let myself love but could no longer recognize. "You mean the day of the fundraiser..." I thought of how we ran into her just four nights before. To think he'd been that seriously involved with Embry, but if he'd had why didn't she say anything?

Why didn't she raise hell like so many others would've?

What the hell is going on between them?

Gabriel clenched his jaw and gave a short shake of his head. "No. Not that day."

Pain pierced my brain. A brutal headache brewed, minutes away from fully unleashing agony onto my poor body. "Then I don't understand..."

Embry's brittle smile betrayed the human heart beating beneath the polished shell. "No, Emma. It wasn't that day. It was a month before. The first day your company moved into Obelisk Pointe. You have no idea how much I would give to go back and buy Med-Tech out, to make sure Gabriel never set eyes on you again."

Information moved too quickly. I couldn't make sense of it. I suspected the pieces were there, but I couldn't see the whole picture to bring order yet. "How do you know he saw me?"

"Gabriel didn't tell me why he was leaving me-just that he was. I figured it out after my security showed me the pictures of you." A bittersweet smile played about the corners of her pink mouth. "Yes, even then I knew who you were and what you meant to him."

I didn't have enough words to even begin to address that. "You were having Gabriel followed?"

"Of course. Just as he's had you followed." She read my stunned expression with unerring accuracy. "I can see you didn't expect that, never dreamed of it. That's what people like us do with the ones we love. We cage them up, Emma, knowing the moment we let up is the moment they'll fly. And we'll do anything to keep that from happening."

I didn't think her capable of dark poetry. Just as I didn't think Gabriel capable of doing something so monstrous either. His words from the night before rose up to haunt me.

"Gabriel is a f**king monster. He's a sick bastard that doesn't deserve you, but he's such a bastard that he'll do whatever it takes to keep you. You really don't want to know him, Emma. You shouldn't. So go. Please."

"Why do you think I sent those clothes for you to wear? Gabriel's security detail would've called him the minute they saw you leave the building otherwise. You never would've been able to make it to this room without him finding out. And I couldn't have that happen. You had to see for yourself."

I can't believe I was so stupid to fall for this. Keeping things discreet? Don't ruin or embarrass his image by being seen?

"You had me picked up and brought here as an added precaution. You used what I didn't know against me."

Embry looked completely unapologetic.

"Is it true? Were you having me followed?" My eyes were clear even as the pain boiled over. I wasn't going to show him how devastated and wounded I was. That much I was sure of. Perhaps the only thing.

Gabriel's shuttered expression answered me long before he did. "Yes."

I blew out a cleansing breath, doing everything in my power to not take the glass centerpiece and smash it against his head. "The alarm system. They got in my apartment because they already had a key. It's not just an alarm system, is it? You're spying on me."

"No, Emma. It is just an alarm system."

"Why are you having me followed? Because I wouldn't work for you? Because you thought I'd cheat on you? Because you couldn't trust me? Why, Gabriel?"

"I wanted to keep you safe." He stared at Embry significantly before turning back to him.

"Safe from what? From her?" I shook my head wildly, flinching back from his touch. Gabriel's hand hovered in the air. "No, you didn't want to keep me safe. You wanted to be able to control me."

He didn't deny it.

"What else do I need to know?"

"Emma-"

"I'm not asking you. I'm asking her." The rage continued to build steadily inside. I was quickly becoming a force separate and apart from the girl I'd always known myself to be.

I was becoming monstrous, out of control.

Just like the girls that screamed and slapped Gabriel when he broke their hearts. No! I am not going to be like them. I am not going to need him that badly. I won't...I can't...

Embry watched me silently. I prodded her, false cheer making my tone thick and syrupy. "Don't be shy now, Embry! We've gotten this far, no need to keep me waiting. I'm all ears and I'm all yours."

"I know you hate me now, Emma. By the end, you'll hate me more. I am sorry for that. Truly I am."

"Forgive me, Embry, but I'm having a difficult believing you."

"Very well then. I arranged for all of this because Gabriel left me for you, Emma, and it's not fair. I stood by him, keeping in the shadows, keeping his secrets safe just so he could toss me out like garbage? No. If you think you're strong enough to keep him, then you'll need to know everything."

"Secrets. Why not?"

Pity darkened her jade gaze. "Can I tell her, Gabriel? Do you think she'd still want you afterwards? I did, but would she? Something tells me no."

My fingers grew cold. "Does it have to do with how Gabriel built up his company?" Imaginations of dirty business dealings and corporate espionage spun madly.

Her burst of laughter brought color back to my cheeks.

"I haven't the faintest idea. I imagine there's a skeleton or two rattling in that particular closest. After all, he's a billionaire. They don't get to the top by being soft, do they?"

If it wasn't about his business, then that meant it was about his personal life.

Gabriel's silence, brittle as it was, held a level of expectancy. He could've dragged me out of the room anytime he'd wanted. My fury wouldn't have been strong enough to sway him. The fact that he hadn't meant some part of him wanted me to know.

What could be so bad, Gabriel?

"Frankly, I'm surprised by how much you've gotten away with today, Emma. You speak to Gabriel as if you're his equal. No one speaks to him the way you do."

I bristled. "Meaning I don't have the right because I'm not rich like you two."

"Your fixation on the disparity between your portfolios proves just how laughable the idea is that you could ever match Gabriel." Embry leaned closer. "Do you have any idea who the man sitting next to you really is?"

Gabriel fisted his hands. They suddenly looked quite large and dangerous to me. It wasn't just my fear I sensed. It was his.

Which meant things were about to get worse. Much, much worse.

"Tell me."

Her gaze cut to Gabriel's. "It can end now and she'll never have to know. Tell me what to do and I'll do it. Please...you know that I'd want nothing more in the world."

The pleading in her voice made me feel sick inside. It was the tone of someone accustomed to using it with Gabriel. I nearly bolted from the room after hearing it.

Gabriel's fists relaxed. A haunted smile flashed, unnaturally beautiful because of its resignation to a fate he had no control over. It was the melancholy smile of a man who no longer had to run. "No, Embry. Whatever happens will happen. I love Emma and I'm not walking away from her."

Joy exploded inside my heart even as devastation reached up to drag it back down into the pit of my self-created hell. Gabriel loved me? This enigmatic, glorious man loved me?

"And if she doesn't want you? Will you try to keep her still?"

Gabriel looked over at me. His pained stare shifted, becoming hard and ruthless. "Yes."

"Then you understand how I feel about you."

Her statement surprised us both. Embry raised her flute in salute and drained the contents with one gulp. She carefully set her glass down and squared her shoulders.

"Emma, Gabriel is lying to you. He's not the sweet, boyish man who's all full of smiles and lives to make you happy. Oh yes, I've seen that too. My security team is very, very good."

Knowing our relationship had been documented for Embry's dissemination made me ill. I should've slapped her for that alone. Instead, I listened and fixated on every word that poured out of her patrician mouth.

"That person who brings you flowers and pretends to enjoy going to the zoo is manufactured. He isn't real. He's much, much darker than the adorable harmless man you think you know."

"Stop dancing around it and tell me straight."

"Very well. Gabriel is a sadist in the truest sense of the word."

"You don't know me, Embry. Don't attempt to boil me down to one word."

"But it is the word, isn't it? You like to inflict pain on your lovers, Gabriel. You need to dominate your lovers sexually, make them do whatever you want...hurting them, loving them, keeping them off-balance...it's what you're so good at, Gabriel. Why else do we keep crawling back to you?"

I couldn't feel my extremities. A headache cracked my skull. My heartbeat pounded so loudly I could barely hear Embry or the questions she flung. I thought back to the man I'd known these past five days, the one who'd courted me exactly how she described.

So very sweetly, like I was precious and beloved. Like what we had was real.

It's been a lie. Gabriel has lied to me all this time.

I remembered his words from the night before.

"I've been a grinning fool, going out of my way to be what you like because you'll never be able to handle the real me."

It was there all along.

He was trying to tell me this and I had no real clue.

My thoughts scattered. Gabriel had come on so strong from day one. He'd pushed his way into my life unapologetically. He'd left no room for me to run. I'd thought Gabriel eccentric and refreshingly honest.

He's not a sadist! He would never hurt me...he's not that kind of man.

Disquiet chilled me. Hadn't I also seen the darkness lurking behind his sunny smile? Hadn't I made the acquaintance of someone else last night, someone vicious and completely used to being obeyed?

Is this why Gabriel won't make love to me? Is it because he needs his sex a certain way? A way that I don't know how to give him?

Both of them looked at me. Words failed me.

"You know what I'm saying is true. I can see it in your eyes. Gabriel's tried to hide this from you, but it's still come out in a hundred little ways. His mood swings, his sudden need to keep you right with him at all times. He's used sex to manipulate you, keeping you drugged on pleasure so you won't see the cracks happening right in front of you."

"No, he hasn't."

"What?"

I pressed my lips into a hard line, furious with myself for letting that bit slip.

Embry's gaze widened marginally. "Gabriel hasn't touched you." Relief washed over her face. "He hasn't touched you! That's what you're saying, isn't it?" She swung towards him. "You haven't touched her for a reason. I'm that reason, aren't I?"

Gabriel callousness even made me flinch in sympathy. "Don't pretend to understand what I do or don't do with Emma. The reason we haven't made love yet has nothing to do with you. I'm done with you, Embry. I don't know how to make it any clearer."

"You're afraid to touch her, Gabriel."

"How do you know that?" I whispered, sickened by her insight and more so at the thought he hadn't been afraid to share himself with her.

"Because I know he's been suppressing his nature with you. Your opinion of Gabriel means the world to him. Frankly, I don't know why." She delivered the snub effortlessly.

"That would make two of us." I kept my face smooth by the slimmest of margins. "Gabriel, is it true?"

"Emma, it's not as simple as she's laying it out to be. Embry is trying to drive a wedge between us. Don't let her."

"Yes or no? Are a Dom?"

Gabriel's surprise over my use of the word would've made me smile in better circumstances.

He chose his words carefully. "I don't have to be that way with you. I don't want to do anything that would make you turn from me. So please don't be afraid of me. I'd never hurt you purposely."

I stared at his beautiful hands, feeling so much pity and rage I could explode from it. "You know that's not how it works. You should know better than me that you can't turn it off and on."

"Gabriel's convinced himself he can," Embry broke in softly. "He's tortured and damaged because of how he grew up. Guilt eats away at him that he likes to dominate and hurt women, just like his father."

I had no idea. I didn't know what kind of home life he'd had, but I never suspected it was something this bad.

Shows what I know.

I finally looked over at Gabriel. His beautiful face was hard, carved from living stone. "You know I'll make you pay for this, Embry."

Grief rippled across her perfect face. "I know. I'd expect nothing less from you, Sir."

Sir?

Embry heard my unspoken question or maybe I whispered it. She didn't look ashamed. She looked immensely proud of who she'd been to him.

"Yes, Emma. I called Gabriel 'Sir' for two years. He was my dominant and I was his submissive. I let this man tie me up, beat up, and f**k me however he wanted. If he wanted to pass me to his friends, I would've sucked their cocks just like I sucked his. Would you do the same?"

I stumbled to my feet, sickened by the reality of their relationship. Just the thought of being a toy, something passed around made me want to scream. I backed away from them both.

Gabriel surged forward, concern for me replacing the cold rage of before. "Emma, please let me take you home so we can talk about this in private. I'll answer anything you want to know."

I shook my head and soundlessly answered, "No."

"Baby, please..." he swallowed hard. "Don't run from me. Not again."

My fingers reached for my side. It ached as if his words had actually ripped right through me. I didn't know this man at all. I thought I knew the boy he'd been-angry, disenchanted, cynical-but I had no idea of the man he'd become. All the sweetness, the laughter, the teasing...it'd been a farce.

I didn't know who Gabriel Gordon really was and apparently, Embry Milford did.

"Don't let it end like this. You have to know that what we have is worth fighting for."

"Fighting for?" My eyes scalded with tears. "What's there to fight for when you're here with her? What's there to fight for when you've been lying to me about who you really are?"

Our fight from last night took on another miserable cast.

"That's why you were so angry with me last night, wasn't it? It's because you knew then you were going to see Embry for lunch. You were going to see your ex-girlfriend...your submissive...the woman who knows you better than me. Oh my God, I'm so stupid. I actually believed you were different but you're not. And I can't be here with you anymore."

"Emma..." he reached out for me but I took a large, unbalanced step backwards.

"Why'd you come to see her, Gabriel?"

"Because I love you."

"Why are you here with her?!" I shut my mouth, feeling my insides heave as I fought to control my temper and emotions.

"I had to see Embry to stop her from telling you about me. About what I can be."

I winced. The words were like a dagger in my heart, wounding when they should've been uplifting. I used them like weapons, seeking to slash everything in my path as I scrambled to create better armor.

"You have a funny way of showing it and an even funnier way of telling it. You love me? Really?"

"It's true, Emma. It always has been."

"Well, your timing is terrible. I hear you tell me you love me for the first time in front of an ex-girlfriend? Nice, Gabriel."

"Don't talk to him like that. If you only knew what it's cost him to come here-"

"Stop. I don't need you to defend me, Embry."

"And I say you do." She turned her glassy-eyed stare towards me. The hatred she had for me was a physical thing and dangerous in its own right. I took a step back and immediately wanted to kick myself for showing weakness. Gabriel's arm suddenly whipped out and locked around my waist. He pulled me to him even as I tried to jerk away from him. Gabriel only held on tighter.

Embry watched me struggle. Agony transformed her voice. "Why, Gabriel? Why her? She's so unworthy of you."

"I'm sorry that I've hurt you, Embry, but you know why. You've always known."

She clenched her eyes shut. "No." With that, she stood up and walked around the table. Her words poured poison-thick.

"Gabriel came down here to bribe me, to keep me quiet just so that you-his precious vanilla girl-would never know the sickness inside him, the truth of who he really is. Even when I begged him to leave you, he wouldn't. I offered to be his mistress and he turned me down. Why are you worth so much to him? You don't even know who Gabriel really is and you're too blind to ever see it!"

"Embry, I strongly advise you to be quiet now."

"No, Gabriel! She'll never understand you-it's impossible for her and you know it! Do you really think Emma will let you do the things you've done to me to her? I know her type. She doesn't know the first thing about submission. She will fight you every step of the way. She will always see you as a sick freak! You know that's true, Gabriel, else you wouldn't have tried so hard to hide it."

Gabriel's body tensed. His silence condemned me. Condemned us.

Everything spiraled out of control. Somehow I'd become the villain in my own love story.

Is she right? This is pretty much what Gabriel accused me of last night.

With hands clasped at her heart, Embry beseeched, "You don't deserve him, Emma. You know you don't. So let go. For him and for yourself. Please."

He whispered my name and it pulled me to him like a lodestone. I wanted to erase everything I'd seen and heard. I wanted to go back to the man who loved to make me laugh.

Everything's changed. We can't go back because it wasn't real.

I wanted. I wanted. I wanted.

I wanted to howl, scream, and break everything within a five mile radius. Mostly, I wanted to hurt Embry for taking away the man I'd thought I knew.

Sadly, I always believed it was the money that would ultimately tear us apart. Now, I'd give anything to have it just be about Gabriel's bank account.

If wishes were like horses, beggars would ride.

"You keep talking about how you know me. Let me tell you something-I know your type too. You're not this selfless, Embry. It's not all for Gabriel and it definitely doesn't have a damn thing to do about me. So what did you really think you'd accomplish for yourself with this, Embry? You'd break us up and then what?"

I didn't think she'd answer me. Embry's slender fingers played with the bracelet on her wrist. She looked defeated, wan and wrecked now that the damage was done.

"I'd hope Gabriel would finally see how much I love him. You could never love him like I do and today proves it."

"I would've never set out to purposely hurt him like you've done now. How can that be love?"

Embry tipped her chin back, defiant and damning. "I'd do whatever it took to help him. I don't care what it costs me. Gabriel's been in denial over you, thinking that if you'd fall in love with the man he thinks you want, that somehow it would mean the same as loving him. He's wrong. Gabriel doesn't have to change anything. He just has to change the person he's with, namely you. And I don't care what he says in front of you-Gabriel still cares for me. That's why he left you on Sunday to be with me."

"That's enough, Embry!"

Her immediate obedience took on a dank cast. My stomach roiled with nausea. I wasn't completely ignorant to the dynamics of D/S. I'd read enough to give me a romanticized version before my college roommate, a professional Domme, set me straight. What were the chances that those afternoon conversations would illuminate the tableau before me?

Fate, f**k you for your sick sense of humor.

Gabriel's intimacy with Embry was far deeper than anything he could've accomplished with me in one short week. His dominance was also something deeply at the core of who he was. Gabriel couldn't just turn it off as it appeared he'd done for me. His kink wasn't something to be reformed out of him. It wasn't something to be changed.

Which mean Embry was right. Theirs wasn't a relationship so easily tossed aside.

"You left me to go to her on Sunday? You let me believe it was business and it wasn't. You lied to me by omission, Gabriel. You should let me go. Now."

His arms tightened fractionally. He whispered in my ear, "Embry showed up at my mother's function drunk. I had to get her out of there. Nothing happened between, Emma. I swear. You're the only one I want to be with."

"Stop it!" Embry screamed. "Don't be like this with her, Gabriel! You never beg anyone."

I stood there, trapped in a dense mental fog that I couldn't break free from. I wanted out. I didn't want to be in the same room with either of them.

"Tell her the rest, Gabriel. Tell her what else happened," Embry urged softly.

I can't handle anything else.

"I've already heard enough."

"No, you haven't!" she snapped, triumphant and unashamed. "Gabriel stayed with me all night. I'm afraid that I'd taken a...few...too many pills."

"You tried to kill yourself?" Disbelief ricocheted through me. Why would she do such a thing?

Do I really have to wonder? It's Gabriel. It's always been Gabriel.

"Not really. I just didn't want him to go back to you. And he didn't."

I couldn't believe her reasoning and how calmly she delivered it. "That's sick! You hurt yourself just to get him to do what you want! Embry, that's not love. That's manipulation. You don't do that to the people you love."

Her serene smile disagreed. "Gabriel stayed with me all night, watching over me and even calling his private doctor to make sure I didn't come to harm." Embry's voice took on a soft, dreamy cadence. "He took care of me, Emma, just like before. He was so tender, so caring."

I stared down at the arm wrapped snugly around my waist. I thought of digging my nails into his hand just to make him let go. The pieces finally clicked, forming a picture I didn't want to see and should've known existed the first moment I laid eyes on Embry.

"You stayed with her in the penthouse, didn't you? That's why you didn't want me there at all. Was she still there last night?"

"No, Emma! She wasn't there."

"Yes, I was...in a matter of speaking. I'm the one who texted you, Emma. I'm the one who left the door unlocked. I'm the one who put you on the approved list. Wonder how I could do that? It's because that penthouse was bought for us, Gabriel and I. That was our home, Emma, and you ruined it."

Oh my God!

"And that's why I know this was the right decision for all of us. You'll never be able to make him happy like I can. So please let Gabriel go."

"Emma, don't do it. I can't..." Whatever Gabriel might have said remained unspoken because the door opened. A server rolled the dining cart inside. Seeing the three of us locked in our morbid standoff, he drew to a startled stop. I took advantage of Gabriel's loosened grip to slip away.

"Emma!"

His low growl did nothing to persuade me back to his side-even if my legs ached. "Guess this proves her point, huh? I can't be like Embry after all." Gabriel took a measured step towards me. I immediately turned to the server and whispered, "I'm so sorry for what I'm about to do."

I yanked the cart from him and turned it over. The gourmet lunch hit the stone floor in an explosion of glass and food. Everyone jumped back while I sprinted out the door, barely hearing Gabriel's bellow over the pounding of my heart.

I tore through the empty hallway, leapt down several steps, and veered towards the kitchen. The staff, heavy in the midst of their lunchtime rush, stared at me as I ran past. Every kitchen had a back door leading to the dumpster and this one proved to be no different.

I shoved it open, glad an alarm didn't automatically sound off. I ran full out, arms pumping and legs eating up the ground as I darted through human and mechanized traffic.

Gabriel, you f**king f**ked up mess. Damn you! Damn you for not trusting me with who you really are!

I should've known better. There were no happy endings when girls like me fell for men like him. I ran until it felt as if I'd run my legs off. Sweat poured out and my lungs ached as if I'd been breathing in fiberglass. Everything hurt.

Obelisk Pointed loomed ahead of me. My whole life was in this building. My career, my future, my mother's house-all of it depended on me getting my shit together. I couldn't fall apart now.

Gabriel's SUV drew to a screeching stop. He hopped out and blocked my way. "Emma!"

I panted, lungs struggling harder to draw in air while I simultaneously wanted to cry and beat him into the ground. "Get out of my way."

Gabriel held his hands out. "Baby, you have to listen to me. I never meant to hurt you."

I shoved past him. "There's nothing you can say to me right now that I want to hear!"

Part of me expected him to snatch me off the street. Instead, he let me go.

The twisted part of me wished he hadn't.

I rushed into the building and got to my cubicle without incident. Sweaty and trembling, I swept Gabriel's flowers into the trash before grabbing my work clothes.

I wanted to go home so badly, to crawl into my bed and hide from the world. Instead, I forced myself to go into the bathroom, change my clothes, and wipe my body down. I tossed Embry's care package into the garbage, hoping I'd never have to see her again. The thought of never seeing Gabriel wasn't as easy to imagine. Still, by the time I got back to my desk I'd composed myself into an unfeeling, functioning automaton.

Nothing else matters except work. You got over Gabriel once before. You can do it again.

I effectively blocked off all my emotions and worked without rest until it was time to go. I briefly considered staying late. Gabriel might've been bold enough to take advantage of the empty office. I packed my things and made it to my car unscathed.

I briefly thought his security detail might've interfered on their boss' command. Apparently, their task was simply to watch. The drive home went by in a colorless blur. I had to remind myself that this was real. Not the five days spent in the company of a vivacious, charming creature capable of tremendous joy and utter devastation.

Gabriel Gordon would leave my life as quickly as he entered it. I was sure of it. Once I no longer provided the entertainment of ignorance, once he realized I wasn't a stand-in for a glamorous submissive, he'd lose focus. The challenge was already over because I knew all of this and still wanted to weep over my loss.

Pitiful. Stupid, pitiful, and sick.

I saw Gabriel's SUV when I pulled into the parking lot. I couldn't deny the knot that formed in my stomach or the longing that suddenly plucked me bare.

Gabriel, how did you do this to me again?

He got out of his vehicle as soon as I did. I didn't give him a chance to say anything to me. I darted down the breezeway towards my door, ignoring the pounding of his feet as I barely made it inside. I threw the deadbolt first and then the other lock. Gabriel twisted the knob.

"Emma, open the door!

"Go away, Gabriel!"

"Emma, please! Don't do this!"

"I'm not going to talk to you right now. I can't."

"Baby, please don't do this. Don't shut me out. It kills me when you do it."

"It hurts me too."

"Then let me in, Emma. I need to be with you. I love you...Please, Emma...Emma...baby...are you still there?"

"Yeah."

"Let me in...please."

Any hope of escaping this madness ended.

CHAPTER TEN

I unlocked the deadbolt and then the door. Gabriel rushed in and crushed me in his arms. I knew I should've pushed him away. I should've at least slapped him. I did neither of those two things. I clung to him as tightly as he clung to me.

"I'm so sorry, Emma. I shouldn't have tried to hide all of this from you. Baby, I know I f**ked up but please don't tell me it's too late to make it right."

"I believed in you, Gabriel. Even after knowing the kind of boy you were in school, I took a chance and believed in you. You lied to me!"

"Baby, please forgive me. I can't lose you, not when I found you again."

I clenched my eyes shut. "I don't know what to do."

Gabriel cupped my face. His thumbs brushed away the steady stream of tears. "I'll tell you anything you want to know. Everything."

I opened my mouth and closed it again. Did it really matter? After all, what I did know was more than enough to never see him again.

Gabriel pretended to bump into me in the elevator when he'd already known I was in his building for a month. He was having me followed without my permission or knowledge. He'd hid the seriousness of his relationship with Embry. He'd kept his sexual proclivities a secret. He lied to me about having lunch with Embry. He met her behind my back and would've kept it a secret forever.

None of this was the right foundation for a relationship. It was probably borderline criminal. And yet...yet I still wanted him.

Oh, God. Have I already given into him? Have I lost all my pride?

What was wrong with me? Didn't I always swear I'd never be like the long line of Gabriel's broken hearts? It wasn't fair. I wasn't supposed to be this weak! Not for him, not for anyone.

"Emma?"

You are who you are. It's always been a question of time as to how long you'd be able to hide it. In that way, you're no different from Gabriel.

I had to at least appear to be in control. I couldn't let on to the downward spiral dragging me down. Not without a fight. "Fine. Let's go into the living room."

Gabriel followed me closely. I wasn't going to bolt but apparently he'd rather be safe than sorry. I sat down on the love seat. Gabriel sat next to me, trouser knee brushing mine, and held my hand.

"I want you to know I'm not going to lie to you, Emma. No matter how bad it makes me sound. Okay?"

"Okay."

"What do you want me to answer first?"

That was easy. "Why didn't you tell me the truth about Embry?"

He didn't hesitate in answering. "Because I didn't want that relationship to damage the one I'm building with you."

"Keeping it from me did more damage than if you'd been truthful."

Gabriel winced. "I didn't love her, Emma. I never did."

"Then why were you going to ask her to marry you?"

He didn't look away from me even though his words were enough to make me want to weep and scream. "Because I thought she was the best choice for my life."

Just breathe. This was before you. It was past tense.

"Okay, that makes sense."

Gabriel squeezed my cold hand. "It did on paper. She's beautiful and she loved me. I didn't see why I shouldn't marry her, especially because my lack of real feelings was no different with her than anyone else."

"And don't forget she's submissive." I couldn't help how sarcastic I sounded. The word that should've been an insult was now only an insult about me. I wasn't submissive. At least not in the way I understood it to be.

"And she's submissive."

"So why'd you break it off?"

He turned my hand over and studied while answering, "I saw you, Emma. The girl I never forgot, the one who stole my heart seven years ago and never gave it back, standing only a few feet away. I couldn't believe it. The day I was going to propose and there you were."

His gaze softened. Gabriel was clearing remembering the moment. I imagined that day, filling in gaps with how I hoped I looked-confident, serene-because I remembered feeling none of those things.

"Emma, I knew in that moment that I'd been on the verge of making the biggest mistake of my life. I was going to marry someone I didn't love all because it was the most logical decision. No matter what happens from here on out, I want to thank you for being there right when I needed you."

My heart squeezed. I wanted so badly for his words to be the forever truth. I didn't want him to look back and realized he'd made a mistake. I didn't want to wreck his life or take away his chance for happiness because I was the wrong girl for the right reason.

In the end, Gabriel doesn't want to be alone. And I don't want that for him either.

"Then what happened?"

"That night I told Embry we were through. She stayed in the penthouse and I stayed at a hotel. She didn't leave it until last Thursday. I wanted to move her out immediately, but I'd already hurt her so badly with my abandonment I didn't want to rush her out on top of that. Now, I wish I had. I had no idea Embry was going to try to turn you against me. I severely underestimated her. I won't make that mistake again."

His coldness served to remind me of Gabriel's darker side. I dug further, apparently masochistic in my need to understand just how close Embry had been to keeping the man I loved.

I can't let him know that yet.

"Did you buy the penthouse for her?"

"I bought it for the life I thought I was going to have with her."

Knowing how committed he'd been to her stung more than I'd like. I knew I had no right to be jealous about who he'd been with before me. Still it hurt. "Why didn't you just come out and tell me, Gabriel? Why'd you pretend she was just some ex?"

"Because of the pain I see in your eyes right now. I didn't...no, I still don't know how to explain my decision to be with someone I didn't love." His smooth brow creased as he struggled to make sense of it. "All I could describe it was like living in a fog, Emma. Life didn't have color or texture. I went with the flow because I couldn't dream of anything better. All my feelings were numb, you see. I didn't think myself capable of feeling anything real for anybody. It didn't matter who loved me because I wasn't capable of loving them. I know what a piece of shit that makes me."

I didn't deny that. I also didn't share that I'd felt the same until I let myself open up to him again.

"I know I hurt you, Emma, and I'm sorry."

As much as I didn't want to point it out, I did. "You hurt her too."

Gabriel sighed loudly. Guilt glimmered for a moment in his expressive gaze. "I know I did. I also know I would've hurt her worse if I stayed."

I studied my hand in his. It seemed safer than letting him see the confusion and shameful need in my gaze. He wanted me enough to upend his life just so he could crash into mine. I should've been horrified.

I wasn't.

"Why are you having me followed?"

Gabriel's grip tightened briefly. "Because I didn't want to take the chance that you'd slip away again. Not until I can make you love me."

And there it was. Love. Love the great justifier, the emotion that allows any and all actions to be excused-no matter how hurtful.

Yet whose love was right and pure? Gabriel's for playing with my life as if I were nothing more than a puppet on his stage? Embry's for shamelessly manipulating the man she claimed to love? Or me, the girl who ran away seven years before because she was too afraid to believe in him?

The questions pounded me, relentless.

Were we all just demented? Was madness inevitable when you dared to fall in love with Gabriel?

"You know this makes us both unstable, right?"

"What?"

"The fact that you can admit to any of this and the fact that I even understand it."

His brief smiled lacked any trace of humor. "Who wants to be normal, anyways?"

"Apparently you do." I girded myself and charged right through. "Why didn't you tell me about your sexual needs? Did you think I'd turn you down right off the bat?"

"Wouldn't you?"

"I don't think I would." I took a moment, imagining myself chained to a wall with him wearing nothing but leather pants and wielding a whip. "Actually, I'm not sure."

"I wasn't about to take that chance, Emma. Not with you."

"Still, couldn't you have said something?"

"It's hardly the first thing that comes up in conversation. 'Hello, how are you? I'm fine. Thanks. By the way, did you know that I love to spank girls silly? I also like to tie them up and play with them until they scream?' Wait. Where are you going?"

Lust jolted right through me, awakening my body to near-painful awareness. Gabriel in nothing but leather pants took center stage in my mind once more. The whip was replaced with a blindfold.

That doesn't scare me at all. In fact, I want to know more...maybe even a demonstration?

I licked my lips and hoped my voice didn't betray the lurid thoughts curling about. "All right, I'll give you that. That isn't exactly the best conversation starter."

Gabriel looked at me and then away. His shoulders drew up even as he attempted to make his voice light and casual. "Aren't you going to ask about my father? I know I would if it was the other way around."

"Only if you want to tell me."

"There's not much to tell. My father was a very mean piece of work. He beat my mother and then moved in on me when I got big enough to stand up for her. I didn't want to be anything like him, never imagined I could be, so imagine how I felt when I discovered that the apple doesn't fall too far from the diseased tree."

I ached for him. I could only begin to imagine the torment he suffered at the hands of someone he should've been able to trust above all others. The anger I'd seen during high school, the detachment all made sense now.

"Have you really hurt anyone you've been with?"

"Physically? No. Still, I don't necessarily feel that great about my needs."

"Would you ever do it to someone who wasn't into pain?"

His dry laugh brought a pang to my heart. "I've never had to. You've been the only woman I was with that I've never been rough with. I was actually normal with you our one night."

"But what about how you said you'd been pretending all this time with me? Why did you do that?" Again, the thought of Gabriel adopting a different persona just to herd me in the direction he wanted...it made me feel a rejected fool.

"I wasn't trying to trick you, Emma. I just...I don't know...I just didn't want to be how I'd been with everyone else. Not with you. So I just tried to be the man I thought a nice girl like you would want."

"Was any of it real?"

"Yes." Gabriel looked at me tenderly. He tipped my chin. "That wasn't fake, Emma. Every smile, every laugh-all of it was real. Please believe me."

Relief pounded. "How were you with the others?"

"Indifferent. Cold. Arrogant."

"I got one out of three. I guess that means you weren't a complete liar."

Gabriel knew exactly what I was talking about. "I tried to tone down the arrogance. I guess I didn't do so well, huh?"

"No, I think you blew that one out right about the time you moved in next door." We both looked down, awkward because of the identical but inappropriate grins on our faces. "Why did you move in?"

"Because I didn't want to scare you off."

I cut him a skeptical glance. "Gabriel, normally that would scare a girl off."

"Yes, but it was different with us. I know how you feel about my money. I wanted you to see me without all the trappings that make you uncomfortable. Even if I didn't hate my penthouse, I still would've moved in right next door. I just wanted you to see me as a man, not a billionaire."

"Weren't you afraid I'd freak out because of it?"

"I was willing to take that gamble. And no, I wasn't that afraid. Not after Friday." He carefully brushed back a strand of hair off my face. "I didn't want the night to end. I don't remember the last time I was that happy. All I could think was 'This could be forever.'"

"So did I."

"You did?"

I nodded shyly, overwhelmed by the happiness shining brightly on his handsome face.

I debated about bringing our lack of sex up. So of course I plunged right to it. "Why haven't you tried to make love to me yet, Gabriel? I know you want me, but you won't touch me."

A slight flush painted his high cheekbones. "Believe it or not, Emma, I'm actually trying to court you. I don't want to rush into it because I don't want you to ever feel I'm just using you for sex."

"Is Embry right? Are you afraid of touching me?"

"I don't know. I just know I want it to be right with us. I want it to be about love-not about getting off."

I bit my lip. "You're controlling me like this though. All I think about is how much you won't touch me."

Gabriel lowered his head. His body tensed. "Emma, it's been hell on me. I've called myself the stupidest man alive every hour on the hour. I've never denied myself anything, and the one woman I want more than I've ever wanted anything in the world-I send her home without even a kiss."

"You've suffered?"

"Yes!"

"Good. At least it wasn't just me."

Gabriel leaned closer and whispered, "I've made myself come every chance I get. The things I've done to you here," he tapped the side of his head, "is criminal in at least ten states."

I tightened my thighs. "I've worn my vibrator out over you."

He flung his head back and groaned. "I'm so stupid, aren't I? Why am I even trying to be a gentleman when it's so clear that it's making neither of us happy?"

I feathered my fingertips across his chin. "What if I can't accept this? You? What will happen then?"

Gabriel's smile fell. His gaze hardened. "Then I'll do anything short of murder until you can."

My breath escaped in a rush. What else could be said?

I stood on the precipice. Logic behind me, Gabriel beneath. I could stand up and throw him out of my apartment. I could go so far as to request police intervention if needed. From then, I could move on with my life as if Gabriel Gordon never existed.

I did it once. I could do it again.

I would be firmly in charge of my life, no wealthy master deigning to pull the strings on a whim. I would plow through my goals like always. Soon he would be another memory to add to my collection.

No Gabriel-no uncertainty.

No Gabriel-no confusion.

No Gabriel-no color.

"I always thought of you as an angel. Now I know you for the devil you are."

I took one step and fell.

There's no going back from here.

Leaning forward, I pressed my lips to his. Gabriel immediately opened. His tongue slipped inside, sensuously stroking my mouth with long strokes. I moaned raggedly, breathless and ravenous for him. Gabriel roughly pushed me back against the arm of the loveseat. I reached up and grabbed fistfuls of his hair.

This is what I wanted, had wanted even as I feared it and him.

I could never go back to a life without Gabriel.

His hands gripped my h*ps hard. Gabriel desperately ground against me. He broke our kiss to sink his teeth into my neck. The pressure made me scream in delight.

I moaned his name, lost and delirious from the feel of his muscled body against mine. My legs scrabbled around his hips, crossing up high around waist. He licked a trail from my neck down to my br**sts. He tongued them through my shirt, teasing me with what I couldn't yet have.

"More!" I gasped.

Gabriel looked up at me, damp lips reddened and curled into a wicked grin. He ripped the shirt straight off my body. He immediately swooped back down, pulling my bra away so that my full br**sts could pop free. Plumping one breast, Gabriel didn't tease me any further. He sucked my nipple hard. I arched up, desperately clinging to him as his lips, teeth, and tongue drove needy moans from my throat.

I fought his zipper. He swept my hand away and pulled it down himself. I palmed the long shaft, purring in hunger when it sprang free from the confines of his briefs.

"What are you doing to me, Emma?"

I silenced his pained question with an open-mouthed kiss. Gabriel pushed up my skirt and pushed my underwear out of the way. A deep groan reverberated in his chest when he slid two fingers all the way to the knuckle.

"You're so soft and so, so wet."

I tilted my h*ps and rocked madly against his hand. I wanted him to give me everything before I lost my mind.

"Gabriel, I want you. Now." When still he hesitated, I held him tighter and begged hoarsely, "Please!"

He lunged forward. The broad head of his c*ck nudged at me. I urged him to go faster.

"I don't want to hurt you, baby. I have to go slow because you're so damned tight..."

I knew he might hurt me, but I didn't care. Not anymore. Not about anything. "I want it all, Gabriel. Play with me however you want, just give me what I need." I angled my h*ps and impaled myself. A strangled scream broke free. I clung to him as he pushed forward. "Oh, my God!" I moaned over how big he was, how I'd missed feeling him inside me all this time.

Gabriel crushed me to him, h*ps rocking faster and faster. Frenzy descended. We clawed our way closer to the other. His skin slapped against mine with erotic intensity. Gabriel branded himself deep within my core. I wasn't going to last long. Pleasure pulses ricocheted through my body.

"I'm coming!"

He immediately slowed his thrusts.

"No! What are you doing?" I cried out in a panic.

"Playing with you just for a bit." Gabriel kissed my ear before biting down on my lobe. "How badly do you want to come, baby?"

My fingers rhythmically clenched and unclenched. "Very badly."

"Good. Then I want you to let go of me. That's it. Arms up now. Good girl." Gabriel crossed my wrists and then held both in one hand.

The vulnerability of my new position made me wetter. I blindly searched for his mouth, unconsciously seeking reassurance that he was still there with me. Gabriel responded immediately. His lips molded against mine as he murmured how much he loved and needed me. I tasted him fully and felt divine from the blessing.

"Do you like this, baby?"

"Yes!"

Gabriel's craven smile made me groan. He worked his heavy shaft deeper and faster inside me. One of my legs dropped, toes digging into the carpet just so I could be completely open to him.

He held himself above me. I felt the heat of his stare as he studied every nuance of my expression. Each of my sighs, moans, and groans elicited a different response from his body.

I was completely in his power. I loved it. I craved more.

My orgasm built with each measured thrust. "Gabriel, I'm so close!"

A grimace appeared on his gorgeous face. His free hand lifted my h*ps higher. I immediately screamed as the tight, pleasure knot between my thighs unraveled.

Gabriel pounded into me harder than ever. Enamored with his carnal violence, I desperately kissed any part of him I could reach. Gabriel captured my mouth with his. Our tongues sensually tangled, softly and gently, in direct odds with our rough coupling.

All too soon he stiffened. "Emma!"

Aftershocks ripped through Gabriel and his h*ps pushed greedily against mine. He collapsed against me. I could feel his heart hammering against mine. After nuzzling my neck for several minutes, Gabriel released my wrists and dryly stated, "Well, that didn't go as planned. I was trying to be a good boy for a little longer."

"Are you complaining, Mr. Gordon?"

He immediately squeezed me to him. "Of course, not."

My arms slid across his shoulders. I clung to him, unwilling to let even an inch separate us.

"Emma?" he whispered sweetly in my ear. "Where do we go from here?"

I held him tighter, flattened that I had no real idea. All I knew was that I loved Gabriel, I was mad for him, and I just couldn't let him go.

"Wherever we go, we go together, Gabriel."

