They were at his place, and he was fixing her a drink. She looked round at the living room with interest. The whole art deco thing was really cool; this was no bachelor pad but a real, lived-in kind of home, with lots of room and a calming atmosphere. So why wasn't she calm?

"Thank you," she said when he handed her the cocktail. She took a hasty gulp, and then had to cough, forcing off the nerves. But then he sat right next to her, and her calm nosedived once again. He'd taken off his jacket and was now in his blue dress shirt, unbuttoned at the column of his throat.

"Nervous?" he asked softly almost in her ear, as one arm was slung behind her over the top of the couch.

She paused before answering his question. "I'm...not sure. Should I be?"

"You're in my lair, Zara. Maybe you're right to be a little jumpy. You never know what may happen." His words were slightly teasing, a mere drawl, but the factuality in them caused a thumping to start in her chest. She felt him take her glass from her now stiff fingers, placing it next to his on a nearby coffee table.

Despite what he'd said, she didn't feel even the least bit threatened. He was the most dangerously handsome, irresistible man she'd ever met, and she could understand why her body yearned for him. True, Zara had felt passion and desire before. But never like this.

No man had ever overtaken her senses so much that just with his voice; he brewed a sense of longing deep within her feminine core. This longing swirled between her thighs like a molten pot, slickening her secret places with anticipation. She felt his breath linger sensuously on the back of her neck. One hand lay casually across the back of the couch, the other on his lap, so he wasn't touching her in any way. Except with his lips, which now trailed the length of her nape.

This first act of intimacy was electrifying; it made her acutely aware of him even more than before. His maleness, his firm yet appealing persona, made her acknowledge that he was the man, and she the woman. In many ways, she longed for him to show her the essence of this distinction.

"The things I want to do to you," he said huskily, teasing the tiny hairs on her skin with his stirring voice, "...And the things I want you to do to me..." She heard him draw in a ragged breath, then he added, "I will have you, Zara. I will make you mine, completely. It's something I've always imagined, and wanted. Needed with a passion that blots out everything else. Even now with you so close, inhaling your delicious scent, has got me rock hard. Do you have any idea what if feels like to want someone so bad?"

Zara's senses were reeling from the sensations created by his words, his nearness. "I think I do," she breathed, or more like gasped, since she was hardly capable of taking in any air. His words shocked and thrilled her. She sat quite still; savoring the feel of his lips pressing on her sensitive skin with those hard, warm kisses.

Oh, she definitely had an idea of what he meant. She'd felt it from the very first day she'd seen him. Even then she knew he'd have the power to take away her very individuality. Deep down inside, she knew she'd be ready to do whatever he asked. That was why she'd concealed her feelings so much in the past. That was why she'd acted the prim and proper secretary, never even letting herself hope. Because she was afraid of what would happen if she gave in totally to her own desires.

"Zara. Look at me."

His soft words made her blink, and she finally turned to face him for the first time since he'd taken his place so close to her.

She drew in a breath at the glinting heat in his eyes, jolted by the knowledge of just how close they were seated. She could see the dark flecks in his blue eyes, the tiny pores on his smooth skin, and the defined shape of his lips. She couldn't seem to tear her eyes from them as he continued speaking.

"I'd like to tell myself that you're as on fire for me as I am for you," he teased, lifting a hand to stroke through her straight blonde hair. "That if I probe you now, beneath your panties, I will find you soaking wet. And I haven't even kissed or properly touched you yet."

Zara squeezed her thighs together as if worried he might actually start with his "probing". He seemed to be smiling now, almost like he could read her thoughts. "I will have to find out later. Right now though, I want to discover just how good you are at taking orders. I know in the office you're quite at ease letting me know I'm the boss. Tonight, however...I want the same obedience but in a very different way."

"Chase..."

"Ssh," he said softly, placing a finger on her lips, and she pursed up. From her head to her toes, she was tingling, filled with the dreadful desire to please him, and frightened of the prospect of failing him in any way.

He went on speaking in that light, soft tone. "You will call me Sir." His eyes held hers compellingly, and she almost forgot to breathe as his words sank into her brain.

"Zara...I liked it when you first started at your job, and you were always in a flurry around me. It took weeks to make you feel at ease in my presence, to even speak my name. And for tonight, I want you to go back to being that same sweet and shy Miss. Zara Page, who blushed when I so much as spoke to her. I want you to obey my every command, no matter what. And never complain, no matter what. Do you think you can do that?"

Zara gulped, not even thinking first before replying. "Yes. Sir."

"Good girl," he all but sighed, before leaning back. His hand was still in her hair, stroking at her roots, his touch soothing. But then he withdrew that too, right before telling her quietly to take off her clothes.

A day earlier...

Zara thought it was great to see both her bosses in such a good mood. Working as their executive legal secretary for the past six months had made her start to look upon their triumphs as her own.

"We did it, Chase," Matt boomed to his partner as all three of them made their way out of the courthouse and into the bright noonday sun.

"Well, losing was never an option," Chase replied.

Zara fought not to roll her eyes. The arrogant, very self-assured Chase Morgan had of course predicted their victory months ago.

"Exactly," Matt said in his deep, almost growling tone. "And with a team like ours, success is a foregone conclusion - am I right, Zara?" His relentless smug face had a wide grin as he wrapped a cheerful arm around her shoulders. "We certainly couldn't have pulled it off without you."

Zara couldn't hold back a good-natured huff, though she felt flushed with pleasure. Matt added, "I'm serious. Your hard work and dedication in the past few months went a long way to get us to the finish line."

"Matt's right," Chase replied, his own voice smoother, richer, and more stirring. Zara had to force herself to meet his piercing dark green eyes. "For a legal secretary fresh out of business school, you did a great job."

These mildly-spoken words of praise did more to her insides than Zara would like to admit -even to herself. For goodness sake, she wasn't a dim-witted teen! One would think that after six months, she'd be over her Chase Morgan crush. Pathetically, such was not the case.

Not that anyone could blame her. In fact, Zara was sure that some, especially women, would even sympathize. Chase Morgan was, after all, sinfully handsome. A little above six feet tall, he had the lithe, solid build of an athlete, which was always snugly fitted in expensive, designer suits. He had raven black hair, a square-cut face and emerald eyes that were fringed by enviously thick, dark lashes.

He was one of the most successful young lawyers in the city, and he and Matt had been running their own thriving law firm for years. Matt was just as good a lawyer, but perhaps not so lethally attractive. He was more the big, burly type, with floppy brown hair and a charismatic smile. He'd made Zara feel at ease from the first day, and he was a great boss, too.

She finally smiled at them both, maintaining the same poise which had got her through six hapless months of mooning and fantasizing over Chase. "Thanks for the accolades, kind sirs," she said lightly, "I sure hope it comes with a raise."

The two men laughed, and Matt replied, "Well, you certainly deserve one. We will take care of first thing next week." And then, he turned to his partner. "In fact, I have an idea. Why don't we celebrate together? We can't let this monumental feat go unsung. I propose dinner, tomorrow evening, at Tom Lanke's."

"Sounds perfect," Chase said with a nod. "I'm free tomorrow."

"Zara?" Matt questioned, turning his brown-eyed gaze on her.

Zara hesitated. Tom Lanke was the most upscale restaurant in town. Michelin-starred, classy, very pricey...Overall, not a place she popped in everyday for a bite. She was already panicking as she wondered if she even had anything suitable to wear. "I...well, okay," she mumbled at last, clutching her leather fold-all to her chest and seeing the hours of dreadful expectation stretching ahead till the dinner date.

* * *

Zara wasn't sure what to make of their expressions when she arrived at the restaurant that fateful evening. The blend of amazement and admiration she saw, finally assured her that her choice of outfit and general appearance had not been a miss. Whether it was a "hit" still remained to be seen...

"Hello, Matt, Chase," she said breezily, a smile on her lips as she looked at them in turns. She clutched tighter on her purse when her eyes held Chase's and caught the intense look on his face. She could swear that his eyes were blazing over her snugly clothed, generously curved frame.

It was almost like he was actually seeing her for the first time. Fighting to maintain her trusty poise, she quirked a teasing brow at both men, who stood there staring.

"Zara, you look ravishing," Matt exclaimed cheerfully as they all took their seats at last. "We almost didn't recognize you."

"Yes...quite a transformation," Chase said in agreement. "At last we see what Ms. Page has been hiding beneath those severe suits of hers."

As he spoke, she could feel his gaze lingering for a moment on her full, firm bust sheathed in its low-necked bodice. She wondered if her outfit wasn't, literally, too over the top? Her usually well-bound double D-cup br**sts were virtually spilling from their restraints, and the deep hint of cl**vage was sure to catch attention from her male dinner companions. There was at least one particular man's interest she hoped to spark that evening...

Okay, she'd admitted it. All this was for Chase. Her fancy outfit, her makeup, her hair - she'd spent the whole day sprucing up just to shed her schoolmarm secretary image and show what she felt was her more appealing, feminine side. If this didn't get Chase to notice her, she figured, then nothing ever will.

"Well," she said with a playful smile at them, "Considering how upscale this restaurant is, I felt that wearing jeans or a tracksuit would sort of...lower the ambiance. Besides, you both look far from rough yourselves."

The truth, of course, was that she only had eyes for Chase. He was magnetic, as usual, and as impeccably dressed as he always was. Sharp, fashionably snug jacket and a blue dress shirt, the colors adding more vibrancy to his tanned skin and dark, wavy hair. Everything about him looked just right; she just hoped she'd be able to tamp down her awareness of him enough to get some food down her belly.

In time, they got down to ordering their five-course meal. At first Zara felt somewhat overwhelmed by the variety of choices on the menu, and was glad when Chase made some recommendations regarding the appetizer and main courses. The server was on hand to give note of the restaurants top dishes, and in the end Zara felt sure she'd do okay with her choice of lobster and later, lamb. She felt certain she'd be unable to taste a thing. The wine pairing, the atmosphere, and the perfectly dimmed lighting, was all superb.

Zara couldn't help feeling impressed with course after course. Contrary to what she'd privately feared, she did manage several mouthfuls of the delicious food, and the conversation at table was going well, too.

Now, outside of the office, both of her bosses had eased up somewhat, and they chatted on topics about everything but work. As always, Zara felt that Matt's presence diffused somewhat the inner tension she always felt around Chase.

You are very attracted to him, that goes without saying. Every day, you wonder how it would feel to be kissed by those firm yet inviting looking lips of his. And every night, you fantasize having his nice, large hands smoothing tenderly over your nak*d body, thrilling you, driving you insane...

It was her inner voice again, telling Zara things she didn't want to acknowledge. To want him, to feel her heart begin to pound whenever he was near...To get that strange twitching between her thighs when he looked her way - that was bad enough. But to also have him totally unaware of her except as a secretary, made it even worse.

Was it so very bad of her to wish for something far, far more?

* * *

Halfway through the third course, Matt's cell phone suddenly beeped. He glanced at the new text, and then looked up at his two companions. "It's Demi. Looks like I have to cut out of the party a little early, guys, sorry. I told her to reach me if there was any emergency."

Demi was his fiancee, and Zara had met her several times at the law office. She was petite and very pretty, but beneath her doll-like exterior, Zara knew the woman was a tough-as-nails doctor who handled her patients with an iron hand.

Chase's eyebrows rose. "I hope she's okay?"

Matt lifted his bulky shoulders in another shrug. "I guess she couldn't bear the thought of me having so much fun without her," he joked. "No, seriously, she caught some kind of bug today and she says she's feeling worse. I have to go check on her at her place - hope you guys don't mind?"

"Forget all about us," Chase told him briskly. "We'll be fine. Go take care of your girl and give best wishes to Demi."

"Mine, too," Zara said sincerely.

When Matt was gone, Zara faced Chase somewhat shyly, her spoon fiddling between her fingers as she searched her brain for something to say. Now that they were alone -sort of, she was realizing that light conversation was not going to be so easy. If only he would train those disturbing gaze somewhere else but on her, was her breathless wish.

"It's a shame Matt had to leave so unexpectedly, isn't it? Poor Demi, I hope she feels better soon," she said on a rush, now clutching her glass and lifting it to take a quick, bracing sip of the heady wine.

"Oh, I don't know," Chase murmured, also taking a drink of his wine and viewing her over the rim with hooded eyes. "I kind of like the idea of finally having you all to myself."

Zara tried not to appear surprised, wondering if she wasn't imagining that dark twinkle in his eye. Oh heavens, was Chase Morgan actually flirting with her? Play it cool, warned her ever-present inner voice, and she joked, "Well, they do say three's a crowd."

"And that would make us a couple, wouldn't it?" he returned smoothly, his smile downright wolfish.

It was really happening, Zara thought - he was flirting. Calming the flutter in her chest, she reminded herself what a folly it would be to actually pursue that notion. Hadn't she warned herself from the first day she'd started the job, that Chase Morgan was way out of her reach? What made the difference now?

"As much a couple as a boss and his employee can be," was her wry rejoinder, as if to bring things back into perspective. No point deluding herself.

"Why do I feel like you've put me effectively in my place?" he asked, his expression speculative even as his smile widened. "But then again, I always make it the rule to leave work at the office. So right now, all we have here is a man having a very nice dinner in a romantic setting with a very alluring and beautiful young woman."

She placed her hand on her chest dramatically, even as she gasped, "Really Chase, you overwhelm me. And there I was thinking you didn't even know I existed."

"Really," he murmured, his smile slanted. "How can you say that? I'm the one who hired you, don't you remember? I mean, sure, you were the brightest and had the best application, but that wasn't the only reason you made the cut six months ago."

He leaned forward, eyes darkening as he viewed her surprised expression. "I always knew that there was something about you, Zara. I just wasn't sure you were ever going to let it out. Tonight...I'm seeing a glimpse of that woman I was certain lurked beneath all those layers of frumpy clothes."

"Frumpy?" she echoed, somewhat indignantly, even though his soft, stirring words had made her skin tingle.

"Zara, trust me, I knew what you were up to. Did you really think dressing like a spinsterish schoolteacher was going to get me off your scent? If you knew how many times I wanted to throw you flat on your back on my desk, spread your legs wide and..."

Zara choked on the glass of wine she'd grabbed, sure her face was burning. "Chase!" she hissed, glancing around at the nearby tables. Luckily, there was a positive hum of voices from the crowded restaurant, so she figured their steamy conversation wasn't being broadcast to the whole room.

Chase sat back with a shrug. "But then again, I wouldn't want to take advantage of you..."

"Maybe...you should be worried about me taking advantage of you," she said quite calmly, considering how her chest was slamming like a sledgehammer. Their eyes held in a silent duel for a few moments. "And why would Matt want to act so protective? I can take care of myself. I'm a big girl. Fully grown."

When Chase's eyes raked over her this time, it was with a decidedly feral glint. Very predatory and hard to ignore. Zara squeezed her knees together and tried not to squirm in her seat.

"Oh yes, I'm quite aware how fully grown you are, Zara. In fact, the thought of how much of you there is to claim, if I so desire, has been keeping me awake for many, many nights. You're fabulous, Zara...every sexy, curvy inch of you."

Zara gulped. Well, she was never going to be a size zero, and no kind of dieting seemed to work for her, but she'd always felt she had a nice, curvy figure. Knowing that he found her plus size attractive, made her feel all the more light-headed. All this time, he'd had the very same thoughts as she had. Carnal, animal desires just waiting to burst free... She could hardly breathe at the very idea of the possibilities, which now lay ahead.

"Thank you, Chase," she said at last, her voice somewhat scratchy. "I think you're pretty awesome, too. I mean, I've always liked you as a boss, and then of course I -" She paused, not sure how much more she wanted to divulge. She desired him tremendously, but a part of her still held back, wanted to be sure.

Chase leaned forward, and this time, his hand covered hers on the white table cloth. "I know," he said deeply, simply. And somehow, she felt that he understood.

"Like I said, Zara, I always knew you had...potential. There was however, always one tiny setback, which made me wonder, will she ever let go? Can she completely trust me to bring out the real woman inside?"

"I do trust you, Chase," she said quickly, the touch of his hand warm and very thrilling over hers. This was their first real, close contact, and it felt good. She liked his touch. It held promise, and strength. Yes, she felt stronger by the minute just knowing now where she stood with him. His passion, his desire, was real.

His smile of triumph spread slowly on his handsome face, and she sucked in a breath. Just what was she swinging herself into?

"Then you'll have to come with me," he said softly, his fingers tightening around hers. "Right now. Will you?"

Zara didn't even blink. "Yes," she said with a tight throat. It was to be the first of many times she would be agreeing to Chase's requests. And demands...

* * *

I want you to obey my every command, no matter what.

These words snapped Zara back to the present. He'd said them just minutes ago, and now she was getting her first test. His casual request for her to take off her clothes had instantly changed the game - and suddenly she knew this was very, very real.

Chase Morgan was going to soon change from her boss, to her lover. She just had to make this one move to do his first bidding...

* * *

She had to rise to her feet in order to be able to work zipper of her dress, which was on the side, underneath her arm. Only the wobbling of her knees made her realize just what the present situation was starting to do to her. If last week, someone had told her she would be in her boss's home, undressing in front of his watchful gaze, she'd have laughed it off uproariously.

The shaky knees were gradually getting worse. She could barely stand, her whole body quivering as Chase watched her every move, his gaze unbroken. Tugging her dress over her head, she kicked her shoes off her feet.

Stripping in front of Chase, her boss, was like the hardest thing to be asked to do. But she did it willingly, and with more than a surge of secret delight.

She stood before him in just her bra and panties, and not much else. His eyes blazed to see her in her silky lingerie, but there was not much else of a reaction from him.

However, there appeared to be a pulse beating just at his mouth, as if he was clenching his teeth. Zara couldn't be sure. Maybe it was just her now fevered imagination. He was waiting patiently, not speaking, so she figured she mustn't stop. She would have to take it all off.

He didn't prevent her when she reached behind to unhook her bra, freeing her double Ds. They were quite firm for their size, the n**ples centered and high-profiled. She was very proud of them, actually, and they held up nicely even without their support.

"Don't stop now," he said, his voice somewhat thicker now. "You have to finish unwrapping the present, sweetheart."

Zara felt warmed by his fixed gaze, his voice. So long as he kept talking to her, she felt she could go on, and not chicken out.

She'd never really been in this situation before, being dispassionately controlled and regarded by a soon-to-be lover. But certainly, it had been something she had always secretly craved: a man she would find had the strength of will, the firmness of character, to make her obey him without question.

* * *

At last, she hooked her fingers in her panties and then pushed them down slowly; guiding them past her full hips, her knees, and then let them drop to her ankles. Then she stepped out of them, kicked them aside.

"Everything I imagined, and more," she heard him say in that desire-draped voice.

"You're a very desirable, very beautiful woman, Zara. I want you to tell yourself that all the time, because it's true. Wherever you are, whatever you may be doing from now on, keep it at the back of your mind that you have the body that's voluptuous enough, delightful enough, to make me want to f**k you every time I look at you."

"Thank you - Sir," she breathed, chest heaving as she let his words glide over her like a feathery breeze. She felt it touch her shoulders, her n**ples, her vag**al mound. It was a palpable essence, which swelled within her and made her throb in her most secret places. How could he arouse her so deeply, just by looking and speaking to her so deliberately? She was slowly beginning to understand his power.

"Come here Zara."

He beckoned for her to join him once again, and she went quickly, glad to take the weight off her shaky legs. Watching him admire her had made her even weaker with want. Knowing that he desired her as a woman was like a weapon that could easily be her undoing. The one last thing that had kept her in check all these months was her belief that she wasn't his type, or that she could never hope to catch his fancy.

She'd been afraid of being shattered with rejection. But now, with those words he'd spoken just moments ago, her last shred of fear was gone. However, on the flip side, it also meant she may never have the power to resist him ever again.

Whenever and whatever he wanted of her, she would give, and freely.

* * *

They shared their first kiss.

It was very natural, heated, and filled with abandon. He'd taken her face in his hands and turned it to his, capturing her lips with a moist tenderness. A moan echoed between them, and she couldn't tell who'd made the sound first - her or him. The only thing she knew was that the touch of his lips pierced right through her. The slash of his tongue deep into her willing mouth was an invasion she welcomed gladly. She clutched at his shirt, and whimpered.

Moments later, he drew back, his breathing ragged. She opened her eyes to find his look hooded with a fresh intent. His hand on the back on her head seemed to be guiding downwards. His next words explained further.

"Take out my cock," he said, and now he sounded more like himself, now in control. "I want it inside that sweet, hot mouth of yours."

Constantly conscious that she was completely nak*d while he was still fully dressed, Zara as yet felt no self-consciousness; for now her mind felt taken over by the task at hand.

Once more, he was making her do something new to her. She was the passive type of woman, very responsive in bed at the best of times, but content to let her lover take the lead. Yet there was something more intense about this scenario. It felt different in so many ways. She already longed to touch him, was virtually salivating to get his c*ck freed, to take it in her hands and mouth.

Every slight action made her aware of her tautening br**sts, the tips now hard, pink pebbles. It ached that he hadn't touched her more intimately; his hands were on either side of the couch as he settled back while she unzipped his fly. Carefully, she ran her fingers over the telltale ridge beneath his briefs. Then, she drew down the elastic band, grasping the shaft and pulling it out into view.

She couldn't help a slight gasp. In her hands, his c*ck reared proud and erect, the thick, two-toned length impressive in so many ways. Having his hot flesh throbbing within her ready palms was the hottest turn on she'd ever experienced. For some moments she could only stare at it, as if to memorize every distinguishing aspect. The helmet tip looked like it had been carved in marble; it was stretched so smoothly and shaped distinctively. The length of his c*ck was crisscrossed with raised veins which she could feel beneath her fingers.

"Your c*ck is so beautiful," she half-moaned, shocked by the way her own p**sy throbbed with almost telepathic response to the sight of the solid, fleshly blood-filled member that seemed to dwarf her own hands.

"Aren't you forgetting something?"

Distracted for a moment, she looked up quizzically, not sure what he meant. And suddenly, she remembered. "I mean, your c*ck is so beautiful, Sir."

He nodded approvingly. "Thank you, Zara, for the compliment. Now don't forget next time. It has to be Sir every time you address me. Do you understand?"

"Yes Sir," she said, this time without hesitation.

He nodded and smiled approvingly. "No suck on it, honey. Wrap those soft, pretty lips around my shaft and pleasure me till I want to explode."

Yes, oh yes, she thought with stomach-twisting delight at having such a magnificently formed c*ck all to herself. She was never much of an expert at this, but something buried deep inside her wanted to use all her imagination and abilities to make this feel as good as it could - for both of them.

* * *

Bending at the waist, she lowered her face to his crotch, her tongue reaching out first to circle the helmet of his shaft, licking on it and twirling the now moistened slit. She brought her mouth closer, and her parted lips had their first touch of his cock, closing around the tip.

Oh, the bliss of being able to taste a part of him, to savor the warmth and texture of his flesh on her lips and tongue, was indescribable. Her fingers stroked worshipfully on his shaft, half-fisting him at the base while her mouth tickled the tip.

And then in one motion, she sucked the cap in, taking it past her lips and then immediately pushing her face down so that he was inside her throat as far as it could go.

He groaned, and she felt his hands sinking into her hair, caressing softly as he guided her. Reveling in his taste, smell and feel, she squeezed her eyes tight and focused on her task. She started sucking on his c*ck with the inside of her throat. Her lips were already feeling stretched, and she hadn't been able to take more than half of his length in without choking, so she concentrated on the much that she did have in her mouth.

She placed her hands against his body for balance as she used just her mouth to pleasure him. He was already taking the clip holding her hair up, letting the shoulder-length blonde strands spill about her face for a moment, before he gathered them up out of the way. For some seconds, she stopped bobbing her head so much, and simply used the walls of her mouth as well as her throat and tongue to nurse his shaft.

"Yes...I like that. Feels so damn good," he crooned, lacing his fingers into her hair as her tongue twirled around him from the inside. She could feel his tip nudging at the entrance of her throat, almost triggering her gag reflex, but she was careful to keep her air passage clear. Well, until he started shoving himself in her mouth.

He was face-f**king her, thrusting his h*ps so that his c*ck slid in and out of her mouth. She loved it. It was so controlling, his hands holding her in place as he ravaged her throat and the insides of her mouth with his thick, long cock. This went on for several minutes, and she tightened her lips around him, then released, then tightened in turns, sucking in his flesh while moans poured from both their throats.

It didn't matter that half the time she could hardly breathe, and that her eyes had started to water. She loved his strong hands keeping her head still so that he could use her mouth as he wanted. She'd never enjoyed sucking a c*ck so much, had always believed the guy had more fun. And yet, she could swear her p**sy was soaked in and out from having Chase's c*ck shoving past her lips. He'd taken over, and now she could only make her mouth as receptive and as giving, while his continued to be more and more penetrative and taking.

She grazed him lightly with her teeth, never biting. It was absolute bliss, especially when she could tell he was getting pleasured in return. His h*ps were moving faster in rhythm and his breathing got even more ragged. But then he suddenly stopped.

"Too close," he growled, unexpectedly grasping her hair and pulling her mouth away. She looked up at him wide-eyed, wondering what she'd done wrong. His passionately glowing eyes, his flared nostrils and raspy breath told her he was far from unmoved.

"That was very, very good Zara. But I don't want to come in your mouth just yet. But, like I said, you brought me close enough." After speaking, he pulled her to him, using his hands in her hair to lead her. This time, it was to seize her lips in a deep, moist kiss filled with hot tongue and saliva. It was the sweetest, most thrilling kiss she'd ever tasted. It felt almost like a reward, and she took all the pleasure it offered.

Soon though, she felt him leaning in with his weight, and as the kiss deepened, he pushed her slowly on her back. She felt the cushions of the couch give beneath both their bodies. Now he was on top, his large frame covering her nak*d, shivery body. Having his hard, shirted chest pressed against her exposed br**sts had them feeling more tingling and aroused than ever. She knew now, that he was going to touch her the way she'd been wishing for.

Now that she was spread beneath him, his fingertips began to play all over her. They went on kissing, making her half-distracted from what his hands were busy doing. They were stroking over her br**sts, treating them to firm grabs and hot squeezes. She moaned against his lips, loving his rough touch. No floweriness here; no sensitive, rosy caresses.

This was a male who knew just what he wanted, and knew all he had to do was reach out and own it. He seized and fondled and took. For the first time, in as long as she could remember, she'd found a man who knew how to take. It was something her body had longed for in like, forever.

In time, he replaced those roving hands with his mouth. He broke from her lips, and slowly kissed his way down her neck to where her large, shapely br**sts thrust out.

Cupping them, he lifted one and then the other to his lips. He drew a nipple into his mouth, skillful in turning it into a hard, throbbing nub before long. He swirled it around with his tongue like a fine-tasting wine, making her moan and arch. Her hands were gripping his broad shoulders, and then they were reaching up into his silky dark hair.

She lost her fingers within the thick locks, her head flinging this way and that as his thorough suckling caused a sensation of bliss to spread out to other parts of her body.

Everything he did with his mouth and hands drove her crazy - how was that? It seemed so easy for him to make her most sensitive points respond instantly and powerfully to him. Having her br**sts suckled had never felt so freaking good; so good in fact, that she could feel the wetness now coating her inner thighs. She blushed to think how much secretions she'd made.

He was going to help her find out sooner than she expected. Keeping one hand clamped on her plump breast, he slid the other down her belly to the petal-soft cleft in her mound. He brushed the surface with his fingertips, and she jerked against his hand. She could hear a veritable "sloshing" sound as he promptly shoved two fingers inside her.

"Oh!" she breathed, her inner thighs quivering as the most incredible pleasure shot through her insides. He began to stroke into her with deep, measured thrusts of his fingers, managing to jab just into that hotspot which held the key to her bliss. She had to bite on her tongue to stop from screaming out his name, and forced herself to listen as he began to speak.

"Yes; just as I thought. You're positively streaming. You liked sucking my cock, didn't you? It got you so damned wet," he growled thickly, lifting his head to lap his tongue along her widely parted mouth. She groaned as he sank his sharp teeth into her soft bottom lip.

She couldn't deny his words, not when it was so glaring. And it was true; taking his c*ck in her mouth, and now with him still stroking inside her slick hub, had switched her on like nothing else ever had.

The pace of his thrusts grew faster, making her moan loudly. Suddenly, he shoved his fingers of his free hand into her mouth, gagging her even as he commanded her to suck on them. She was mindless to disobey, the pleasure rocking through her making her comply to his every wish with eagerness. She sucked on the fingers of his hand while he teased her cl*t with his other thumb, keeping up the steady pace of finger-shafting her p**sy all the while.

There was no way she could last underneath such blissful pleasure. She felt it building up in her lower belly, rising to course through her veins. He was staring into her face, making it hard for her to close her eyes, or hide her pleasure from him. By now she was bucking into his jabbing hand, her lower body writhing as she waited for the explosion to rip her apart.

But it didn't happen. Without warning, Chase withdrew the pressure on her clit, sliding his fingers out of her soaked cunt.

Zara was gasping in air as he also took his fingers out of her mouth, rising from the chair to look down at her spread nak*d on the couch. Her eyes held his in confusion as she forced her whole body to clamber down from the brink. She'd been so close...

Even now, her denied vag**al walls were contracting in spasms of aftershock at the unexpected withdrawal. Zara bit on her lip as she stared up at Chase, who had started unbuttoning his shirt. Why had he done that? Taking her to the height and then cutting her off without warning? Her whole body trembled at the undeserved punishment. But dared she complain?

Certainly not. He'd already categorically warned her from the start that she must never complain, no matter what. But still, she itched. Still, she wanted release. Her body cried out for it. She saw him shrug out of his shirt to reveal a sculpted, hairless torso and broad shoulders and chest. Without thinking, her fingers were trailing down her belly to the crest of her parted thighs, when she heard the sharp crack of his voice.

"No," he snapped, and her hand shot up in reaction, eyes wide as they held his dark, blazing gaze. Just seeing the flash of anger in his eyes had her heart tripping over itself in consternation. She clutched the hand to her chest, wondering what she had done wrong...

* * *

She waited with bated breath for his next words, her chest pounding wildly.

"Now...no matter what, Zara, I don't want you to touch yourself. Ever. The only pleasure you'll feel tonight will be the one I give you, be it with my lips, my hands, or my cock. If I see your hands near your br**sts or your p**sy, you will be punished. I hope you understand."

"Yes, Sir," she said, swallowing convulsively as he strode forward.

He'd pulled down his pants and briefs, and taken off his shoes and socks. Now, he was magnificent in all his nak*d glory. He had the body of a Greek statue, not a trace of fat anywhere. Neither did he have the pronounced muscles of a body builder. Instead, he was well defined, gorgeously ripped, and golden and smooth all over. To top it off, his majestically erect c*ck sprung from his groin like a separate entity, swaying side by side as he walked. He was the true meaning of "hung" and she knew that such an instrument of power was going to give her the utmost gifts of pleasure.

She licked her lips reflectively, wondering why any time she looked at his cock, she wanted it in her mouth, or her p**sy. She just wanted that beautiful thing in her one way or the other.

The outside world was forgotten. Pushed to the background too, was her other self, the everyday Zara. The normal, just a bit quirky, Zara. This was a different person waiting breathlessly as Chase advanced, coming to stand in front of her. This was a whole new Zara, trembling all over with lust for him, willing to do anything he asked just so she could experience all the delights she knew awaited her at his hands. This was the submissive, teachable Zara, willing and ready to obey her Sir's commands...

* * *

His next command sent a veritable thrill up and down her spine. He quietly asked her to go on her hands and knees, her bottom facing him. She complied with silent, trembling expectation. He placed his hand on her ass cheeks, stroking tenderly.

"How deliciously plump," he crooned. "Certainly more than perfect...for this." She didn't expect what he did next, and it made her almost scoot off the floor.

It hadn't hurt that much, but it had been so unexpected, him spanking her ass like that. His hand had landed with a flat, hot thud, which vibrated through her skin.

"Was that nice, Zara?" he asked quietly when she made no sound. "Did that feel good?"

She blinked, thinking in surprise that actually, it had. "Yes, Sir. It did feel good."

"Hmm; that's not quite right. I meant to punish, not please," he mused, right before he spanked her again. The impact was harder, louder. She gasped, her rear smarting from the sharp yet erotic pain of Chase's large hand connecting with her cheeks. She felt them wobble and throb, and she glanced back with stinging eyes.

"Now, that surely must have hit the mark," he said with satisfaction, seeing the discomfort on her face. And yet, he showed her just how much her body was liking this turn of events, by slipping his fingers past her p**sy lips, parting them to unveil the juicy moistness within. "Ah, it hit the mark indeed," he commented as he withdrew his fingers once again.

Zara flinched, expecting another whap, but no, his palms were merely lowering to massage her aching skin. She sighed at the soothing caress, only to cry out loud when, without warning, he surged into her p**sy from behind in one hard, deep thrust.

"Tight, wet, and hot...the perfect mix," she heard him murmur thickly, even as her p**sy seemed to scream at the unexpected invasion. Her arms could barely support her as he rammed into her again, and again, almost causing her to shoot forward at the collision. There was no way to describe the way her insides were feeling as Chase rocked into her, stretching her walls around him. Her head was swimming with the mixed messages of pleasure and pain, her p**sy growing wetter and wetter like it couldn't care less which was which...

His fast, steady rhythm rocked her from the inside out. First, his hands gripped her generous h*ps as he pushed in and out of her, and then they slid upwards to cup her br**sts. He leaned forward and held the swaying globes in his hands. She loved how he squeezed on them as he f**ked her, mixing up the sensations. His palms rolled over her n**ples, grazing them roughly. The next minute, he grabbed the aching nubs between his thumb and forefinger, and began to tweak them mercilessly.

She bit on her lower lip with bliss at his touch, even when the tweaking got harder and it felt like he was pinching on her tender nubs. The thrill of having them both so terribly teased was enough to bring a sob to her throat. He pulled on them, hard, and then pinched on them again and again.

Coupled with the continuous stroking of his c*ck inside her, it was all almost too much to bear at once. She tried not to think of the sensitivity mounting in her br**sts and n**ples, wanting to concentrate more on the pleasure of having his hands on her body. She loved it when he fondled her with such strong, almost forceful caresses. And if it pained, it didn't matter. With every passing minute, her threshold for discomfort seemed to widen and lift. So long as that thick, hot c*ck kept f**king her, she could take just about everything.

* * *

Her p**sy walls spasmed uncontrollably, and in reaction, so did her sphincter. It was her body's way of coping with the meaty intrusion of Chase's thick-ridged shaft. Her sense of pain and pleasure mingled and roiled, and she was quivering all over. Suddenly, he released her br**sts, straightening as he never broke his pace but kept driving into her while now rubbing her ass cheeks with both hands.

To make the penetration feel even more intense, she then felt him begin to stroke the rosebud between her ass cheeks. She could actually feel it winking every time he rocked in and out of her p**sy. Then, without warning, he stuck his thumb into the tight pucker.

The sensation was electric. Now both her holes were vibrating at the same time; her vag**a around his cock, and then her sphincter around his piercing thumb. Zara had never had anyone's finger up her ass. Why the hell did it feel so damn good? And then she remembered she'd read somewhere that there were several more nerve endings there. She closed her eyes and moaned out loud, her whole brain zoning in on the pleasures he was making her experience all at the same time.

He was barely making a sound, but when she listened carefully, she could hear the raspy edge of his breathing. Was he enjoying this hot, hard f**k as much as she was? Because she was on fire, her whole body vibrating every time he stroked in and out of her. He never took his thumb out of her ass, but eased in deeper and deeper, past the knuckle. He teased and massaged deep within, making her gasp like she was running a marathon.

"Your ass is as tight and juicy as the rest of you, Zara," he growled, speaking for the first time in minutes. Hearing his voice helped slice through the haze of bliss she was in, and she tried to focus on that instead of the build-up of lust that rose with every hard, deep thrust of his masterful cock.

Hearing him talk about her ass that way was making her p**sy drip even more copiously. She was now so wet, his thick, long shaft was able to drive in faster and easier, and yet still, it pained. No matter how slick she was, it didn't do much to alleviate the discomfort of being so tremendously stuffed with his ever-growing cock. Just when she thought it couldn't get any bigger, his girth seemed to expand, as he grew harder, even more aroused.

She knew that if she could at least get to stroke her clit, or even rub on her mound, then the burning sting of his relentless penetration would stop. But she daren't touch herself, not just for fear of what the punishment would be, but also from the reluctance to disappoint him in anyway. She wanted this to be as perfect for him as it was for her. She was already thinking about how she'd want this to happen again and again - so she wanted to do all she could to make that a certainty.

Chase's pace increased, and she gritted her teeth. It felt like being torn in half by cock. The unheeding thrusts blurred into each other, drawing gasps from her even as she heard him grunt. She wanted to beg, cry out for him to stop, or at least, slow down. And yet, something stopped her. It was the pleasure. The ecstasy of wanting to be pounded hard and deep by something almost monstrous. It was rough, wild, and laced with pain.

She loved it. He knew she loved it, and so he slammed even harder.

She didn't even have the presence of mind to protest when she felt him take a handful of her hair and twisted it round his wrist. It didn't start to hurt till he tugged hard on it, causing her hair to snag at the roots. Unable to help it, she snapped her head back to ease the tingling, and yet still he pulled.

Now she had no choice but to arch her spine in a bid to ease the sting rising in her scalp. She was bent almost in half, and felt him lean closer so that his lips were close to her cheek. His hot breath fanned her skin, and she shuddered having him so close, hearing him whisper in her ear how supple she was. He told her he was going to be f**king her all night, that he was going to make her his sweet little plaything - and that she was going to love every second of it. She could only moan and sob in agreement.

In this position, with her body twisted up and back, it felt like he was able to slam even deeper into her. Was that her cervix he was prodding mercilessly now? She couldn't tell, couldn't distinguish between that and the pain from having her hair being used as handle bars, dragging her backwards. Not forgetting of course the sensation of his thumb still stuck deep in her unused rim hole. Certainly, there was that heedless c*ck sawing her right through the middle, his h*ps angled so that he could shaft into her most sensitive, hard-to-reach spots. It was a sweet, erotic pain altogether, and she couldn't imagine any of it ending, or easing up. If he stopped now, it would possibly kill her.

On reflex, her hand was smoothing down her belly, almost reaching her navel. Her one thought was to ease the raw bite of pleasure-pain causing her inner walls to feel like they were being stretched beyond limits. It felt like a whole tree trunk was being pounded into her. Just a flick with her thumb, she knew, would lighten the sweet tension...

The next thing she knew, she heard a sharp "Thwack!"

He'd spanked her! She went rigid, her daze clearing suddenly in response to the hard, aching throb on the surface of her ass.

"I told you, no touching yourself," he growled, and smacked her twice more for good measure. Her body jerked in reaction, her now stinging bottom joining in with all other physical sensations. The whip of his large, powerful hands laying flat on her delicate skin had brought a new mix of hot anguish to the torment she already suffered.

And yet even in the suffering was the insurmountable bliss that could not be denied any longer. Her panting and gasping had now taken a singsong tone, rising faster and faster as she felt her orgasm boil to immense proportions. She was there, almost. The room was already beginning to dim around her.

She had started to buck and push back in time with his deep shafting, and soon she'd picked up his rhythm. Her spine ached from being bent so steeply, and her knees tingled from being on the ground so long. She was certain he'd been pounding her p**sy for more than half an hour, non-stop. His level of self-control was amazing.

The combined delights of his meaty c*ck inside her p**sy, in addition to his balls and h*ps slapping loudly against her lower moans, was enough to send her into orbit. This was her chance: she was going to explode on his c*ck and give in finally to all the heights of pleasure to which he had brought her so far. Now, it was time - and she knew without a doubt that it would be volcanic...

* * *

"Oh!" she cried out in shock, when just then, he chose exactly that moment to pull his pulsating c*ck out of her quivering core. The instant, resulting bereft feeling she got was enough to make her want to shed tears.

"You're not going to be allowed to come, baby. Not yet," he told her, his voice gruff.

Now, she did cry. Tears spilled heavily from her eyes. She could feel her now empty p**sy vibrating convulsively on itself, her whole lower body feeling like it had been put through a grinder. Not again! Earlier, he'd brought her to the brink with his tongue on her br**sts, while his fingers ravished her p**sy. She'd been so close then, too. And now this. She felt the rush subside, felt the sensation of release ebb back into a throbbing, echoing reminder.

But the next moment, she almost wept with delight. It wasn't over. He was turning her on her back, making her lie on the ground as he pushed her knees wide apart, and then surged into her once more.

She gasped, her whole frame jolted by the direct impact. For some reason, his thrust seemed to have driven even deeper than any others previously had. She couldn't believed that was possible, but it had to be, considering how her very ribcage seemed to feel the brunt of his cock.

"Look at me, Zara. I want to see you eyes while I'm buried deep inside you," he ordered, and her shut lids snapped open. She stared helplessly into his face, her lips parting as she drew in as much air as she could. He had her all in the open now; her knees pulled back so that they pressed on her br**sts and almost touched her chin. It was a good thing she was flexible, though that didn't do much to ease that ever-present jolt of having such a big c*ck ramming deep inside her.

"I'm so going to love f**king you whenever I can, Zara," he informed her softly, merciless in his jabbing as his h*ps thrust with power and force. She moaned, her whole body trembling as she tensed for each inward pound, and sighed with every pull back.

"And, since your body is so well designed for my pleasure," he grunted, "I'm going to use if for just that. My pleasure. Anywhere - and anytime I want you, you're going to submit to me. Only me. Is that right?"

"Yes, Sir. Oh, yes."

"And you're going to like it, aren't you? You're going to love every minute."

"Yes, Sir, a hundred times yes," she replied breathlessly, leaning up on her elbows for support as his whaled her with that rod-like shaft. He was splintering her insides so strongly that she wasn't sure when the pain ended and the pleasure began. It was all a blur.

He let go of her knees, spreading them wider so he could lean over her with his hands braced on either side of her head. His eyes were boring down deep into hers as he f**ked her deliberately, powerfully. She gazed up at him with utter submission, her fingers digging into his firm ass, which flexed beneath her palms as he ground into her.

This was pleasure like she'd never known. And it scared her because she knew that after tonight, she might never get enough of it. It was exactly like he'd said: she would love being taken this way, over and over again. By only him. She'd want this hard, rough sex, this feral coupling. Nothing else would ever be enough.

* * *

He was plunging with a buffeting rhythm, and it was making her mindless. She was so afraid now that she could come suddenly, before he could stop her - before she could stop herself.

For the third time that night, that impossible wildness came over her, made her buck against him and meet him thrust for thrust. She was ready to disintegrate, to implode from her p**sy inwards. His face was buried against her cheek, and she was all but crushed beneath him as he began to kiss and suck on her neck.

Then, he informed her softly in her ear that he knew she wanted to come. He told her he wanted it too. But that it had to be exactly when he told her to.

Zara blinked, trying to figure out how in the world she was going to transmit that information to her p**sy. It seemed to have a mind of its own, responding only to the call of cock. Still he stroked in and out of her, causing the bliss to crescendo past endurance. She was whimpering and writhing beneath him, but his warning eyes could not be ignored.

"Zara..."

His tone made her shiver, but if she had any doubt that he could enforce his command, then she soon had those doubts debunked. He was seizing hold of one of her br**sts, massaging it for a moment, and then suddenly, landing a slap which sent it swinging. She gasped. He slapped again, across the frontal flesh, making it throb along with her nipple. She moaned, the blow bringing such a delicious swell of moisture to her p**sy. It stung her to attention, and somehow, she was able to draw her body's focus away from the amazing pleasure, to the opposite edge of sweet pain.

"So, tell me how much you want to come."

His words permeated her frenzied state of fighting to stay on the brink without toppling over. She could only sob out her response. "So much. I need to come so bad. Please Sir, now."

"Now? I wonder who's in charge here, you or me?"

"Oh, you, Sir. Only you. It's just...just that I can't...I can't take it. It's too much. Sir, please." Zara wasn't ashamed to beg; in fact she was hoping it would have an effect on her dominant lover. She hoped to reach out to him now that he was hearing her beg for her own relief, knowing it could only truly come from him.

Only he could give her the utter release she so terrifically longed for.

* * *

He loved to hear her plead, that became clear. It was part of her discipline, to show her never to forget who really was the boss, in every way. For every pleasure, every ounce of bliss that she received, she was to always tell herself that he was the one allowing it all take place.

And now, it looked like at last he would let her find release. She could feel it in his thrusts, which were no less punishing. But still, there was always an edge of sweetness to the ferocity, a slash of sensuality within the kink.

He ground his h*ps into her, sending his mushroom cap into corners of her p**sy that held the trigger to her ecstasy. His rhythm was relentless, fast and hot, and her walls could only grip to him like a suction tube, drawing in every single inch of him balls-deep into her core.

"Zara." Her name had never sounded so sweet coming from another's lips. She peeled open her eyes to gaze up into his face, seeing the emotions raging there - and knowing they mirrored her own. She was clutching to his waist as his thrusts almost drove her into the ground. There was such intensity in their passion now, and even she could tell that at last, he was getting to the point of no return.

He didn't fall through though, not yet. He was waiting for something.

"Ready, Zara?" he asked, his voice gruff as he penetrated her with his eyes. She knew what he meant; it was a question her body had been waiting to hear for the last hour or more.

"Yes, Sir. I'm ready." So ready I could combust, she added silently, never taking her gaze from him. He was smiling tenderly, and for the first time she began to notice the tiny beads of perspiration gathering at his forehead, plastering his hair to his scalp. She could almost believe then that all this had been as much a torture for him as it had been for her.

"Then go wild, baby. Come for me," he told her softly.

Zara could never have believed it possible, but it happened. Almost on demand, she felt her body start to spasm as her release welled up like a fountain. With just those words, spoken in that now familiar, compelling tone of voice, Chase had activated her orgasm.

He never stopped thrusting at that same piston speed, not easing up even as she arched her back and screamed. Zara came in a shuddering rush, her whole body jerking as his c*ck slammed into her again and again, filling the room with the slapping sounds of their colliding flesh.

For a few moments she was lost in a void, oblivious to any sensation but the spirals of ecstasy that rippled through her. From far away, she finally heard her name being ground from his lips, and felt him surge into her with his own equally tumultuous cli**x.

The bliss, the culmination, was mutually accomplished. She spun back down to reality, clinging to him in the final agonies. If there was anything better than this, she'd never known it. Had never felt an orgasm so powerful it had almost caused her heart to stop beating. He'd tormented her to this point, withheld her release each time so that she could feel this final, outstandingly perfect zenith of pleasure.

Zara was very, very grateful. So grateful, that she heard herself whisper the words, thank you Sir. Thank you for giving me such an exquisite orgasm. For making me first suffer so I could truly understand pleasure...reward. And I can't wait for it to happen again...

