Xavier entered the swanky hotel and his heart raced. He still couldn't believe he was doing this. Meeting a complete stranger for a night of sex. He'd never had a one-night stand in his life. He preferred to sleep with a woman he cared for, rather than someone he'd probably never see again.

Nearly a month after selling the house he'd shared with his wife, he let Erik convince him it was time to start fresh. To move on to bigger and better things.

His brother was right, but a part of him remained dubious.

As a big time corporate lawyer, he didn't let much intimidate him, but the thought of meeting and sleeping with a woman on the same night had him shaking in his boots. He'd only had three sexual partners in his life and married Honoria at twenty-one. He hadn't slept with someone new in over ten years.

Thanks to some American contacts, Erik had been introduced to Jackson Castillo, owner of the Castillo hotel and resort chain. When he decided to open a hotel in Melbourne, Jack wouldn't deal with any other law firm. Xavier still didn't understand how exactly Erik managed that, but he didn't protest. What he did complain about was his brother discussing his romantic "dilemma" with the hotelier.

While they were out to dinner to celebrate their lucrative business venture, Jack gave him the contact details of an exclusive dating agency owner named Madame Evangeline. Five drinks and a few incoherent thoughts later, he decided to fill out the online form and get back in the dating game.

After checking into the exclusive Castillo Hotel, he entered the private penthouse elevator and ascended to his room. Nerves thudded in his stomach as the elevator dinged and opened to a large foyer. Stepping into the room, he gazed around with slight awe. He'd stayed in plenty of penthouses and hotel suites previously, but this was the epitome of luxury. No expense had been spared when furnishing the rooms. Every item of furniture he saw was Eco Chic, a luxury brand of eco-friendly furniture that he loved. His home and office were both decked out with their items. Two lounges sat in the living room to the right of the foyer, with a room service tray that held complimentary champagne and a plate of strawberry fruit cups. His favorite dessert.

Checking his watch, he noted it was seven-fifteen p.m. Of course, he was early - he always arrived early. With a low sigh, he decided to check out the rest of the suite before his date showed up.

His thoughts traveled to the woman he'd meet. He only knew she was a twenty-eight year old business owner looking to broaden her horizons. Whatever the hell that meant. He'd considered responding negatively to her profile, but he'd read on and found they had the same tastes in movies, music, TV shows, travel, and even food. They were both vegan. That sealed it for him - it was hard enough finding a decent woman in this city, let alone a vegan.

***

Zalia glanced at her watch on the elevator ride to the Castillo Hotel penthouse.

Seven-thirty on the dot. Right on time. A wave of nausea hit as the elevator rode higher. Nerves. Her first date in three years, and she'd be sleeping with him. This stranger who, although perfect for her on paper, could be completely wrong for her in reality. She still had time to back out. She could press the emergency stop button and leave the hotel. But Kara would never let her live it down. They had an agreement; if this man wasn't right for her, she'd leave Zalia alone and let her live out her life as she planned - waiting around for the right guy to show up.

The elevator dinged and the doors opened. Too late to leave now. Excitement and nerves bundled together. Though this guy was probably up for a quick fuck and would leave during the night, he could also be her Prince Charming.

Stepping into the brilliant marble foyer, her stiletto heels clacked loudly against the floor. She entered the living area to the right, wondering if her date was already there. She shouldn't have been surprised when greeted by an empty room - what man was on time for anything? Her brother had even been late for his own wedding.

With a small chuckle, she strode to the large window to appraise the city lights while she waited. It had taken a month for Madame Eve to find her the right date.

She hoped he was worth the delay. She dropped her handbag on the floor and folded her arms, leaning against the cold window, losing herself in thoughts of what the guy would look like.

The clearing of a man's throat cut those thoughts short. Startled, she turned and found an Adonis standing a few feet from her.

Holy fuck, he's gorgeous.

Starting from the bottom, she ran her gaze over him, now suddenly eager and wanton rather than nervous. He wore a pair of tailored pants that clung to his muscular thighs, hanging low on his hips to show a lean figure. A dark dress shirt with rolled up sleeves left a peek of sinewed arms that she couldn't wait to have wrapped around her. Then there was his face. He possessed the chiseled features male models dreamed of having, a strong jaw, full, kissable lips, soft, rounded nose, high cheekbones, and perfect almond-shaped eyes framed by long black lashes. His dark blond hair had been styled into layers that touched the nape of his neck. He stood in a stance that projected confidence and importance.

Sex on legs. Madame Eve would definitely be getting a thank you from her.

When she noticed he assessed her as she did him, her nerves returned. She was no supermodel - in fact, far from it. At a size sixteen, she was healthy and happy with her body, but most men wanted small, petite women, not bigger, self-assured women.

She licked her lips and pushed her shoulders back, walking toward him. "Hi, I'm Zalia."

She stopped a few feet from him and waited for a response. She didn't get one.

He only stared.

Oh, crap, he hates what he sees.

Familiar insecurities came floating to the surface of her mind. You're bigger than most girls I date. If you didn't have such great tits, I'd complain about your weight. How about you come to the gym with me? It'll be fun. She had dated some jerks - what other type of guy would cheat? Still, their cruel words stayed with her.

"Zalia." He repeated her name musefully. "I'm Xavier." When his lips turned up in a smile, her negative thoughts receded. His heated gaze told her he liked what he saw.

Xavier stared, taken aback by the beauty that stood before him. When he touched her, desire pooled in his groin. To call his date stunning would be an understatement. He couldn't stop himself from reaching out to tangle his fingers in her dark coppery hair. Her deep, green eyes widened as he closed the few inches that remained between them. He grasped her padded hip with his other hand and sighed in contentment. She was soft, yet firm. Exactly how he liked his women. He wanted to pull her against his body and never let go.

Without further thought, he kissed her full, pouty lips. They parted in a quick gasp and he slipped his tongue in, moaning when she kissed him with the same laziness he adopted. They had all night; he didn't want to rush things. He planned on exploring and enjoying every inch of the sensuous body hidden beneath the black dress she wore.

When he broke the kiss, she groaned at the disconnection. Arrogance filled him. Apparently, she wanted him as much as he wanted her. He was going to have fun with this woman.

Nodding his head toward the tray that had been left for them, he gestured to the champagne. "Would you like a drink?" A pink flush spread over her cheeks and she gave an eager nod. "Please." Her blush, mixed with her husky tone, had his cock straining against his briefs.

He handed her a champagne flute, gestured for her to sit, and joined her on the couch.

He needed to converse with her before he ravaged her. He saw her as more than a sex object; he wanted to show her that. "According to your profile, you're a business owner?"

She nodded. "I own a couple of bookstores in the city and suburbs." She sipped her champagne, her fingers twitching nervously against the crystal. "You're a lawyer?"

He smiled when she didn't cringe the way most people did when they asked that question. Everybody hated lawyers, and he still didn't understand why. "I run a corporate firm with my brother. Jack Castillo referred me to Madame Eve." Her eyes shimmered with amusement. "Right. So you're one of those rich, powerful types."

He laughed at her casual teasing. "Hardly. I merely do what I enjoy. I'm not one to flaunt my success. I leave that to my brother. He drives the shiny convertibles and lives in a mansion by the ocean. I drive a hybrid and live in a townhouse in the city."

Her cheeks dimpled as she grinned at him. His heart jumped at the sight. He'd always had a soft spot for dimples. "Yet, you run a law firm together. That must be interesting."

She finished her drink and placed the empty flute on the coffee table. When she leaned back on the plush couch, her dress hiked up, giving him a peek at her lush, creamy thighs. Arousal built within him and he put his glass down. Talk time was over. He needed to take this woman before his need completely consumed him.

Eyes widening at his pointed gaze, she pulled down her dress in a clearly automatic move.

"Uh uh," he said, moving her hand out of the way to shove her dress up farther.

"We need to uncover the rest of this body." Her cheeks flushed again and she regarded him with slight hesitation. "You don't need to flatter me to get me to sleep with you."

"I'm not trying to coax you into bed, honey." He licked his lips and ran his fingers up her bare thigh. "I'm merely speaking the truth." Before she could respond, he claimed her mouth with such passion it had his head spinning.

Wow, the man could kiss. Zalia inhaled a sharp breath through her nose as his tongue invaded her mouth, mimicking what he'd be doing with another body part later on. Wetness pooled in her panties, and her core throbbed with need. Her head spun and she forced her mouth away from Xavier's to catch her now-scarce One Hot Australian Night breath. Rather than stop, his lips traveled across her jawline, up to her earlobe, where he bit down gently.

A throaty moan escaped her mouth as the slight jolt of pain shot straight to her clit. She wanted him between her legs as soon as possible.

"Found a sensitive spot, did I?" He chuckled in her ear. Shivers tore down her spine; goose bumps of wanton need spread over her skin.

Her mind soon became too muddled to comprehend what he said next. She merely clutched at the back of his head and closed her eyes, reveling in the feel of his soft lips on her flesh. He laid open-mouthed kisses along her collarbone, nipping gently on her neck when she involuntarily shuddered and clenched her thighs.

He pulled back, his eyes fierce with passion.

"We need to remove this dress."

She protested as he moved her back on the lounge, but he held her legs firmly.

"We're here for the whole night." He spoke in a firm voice, husky with desire.

"I plan on using that time to explore each and every inch of this luscious body." A shudder spread through her entire being and she submitted to his request without another thought. Luscious. She'd never been described that way before.

Her stomach tightened as his lips traveled down her thighs to her calves. He kissed her ankles gently and removed her stilettos then made his way back up her legs.

Using his lips, tongue, and teeth, he explored her body exactly as he had said he would. By the time he reached the juncture between her thighs, her body was on fire with need, her stomach clenching and twisting with desire she'd never felt before. He pushed the dress over her hips and clicked his tongue when he saw the red lace panties she wore.

She'd bought them specifically for the occasion, since she only owned cotton underwear. He traced his tongue along the waistband of the panties, running his fingertips underneath the soft material. He placed a firm kiss on her mound through the thin lace, pressing against her already throbbing clit. Zalia whimpered and bit down on her lip to stop from crying out. She'd never been so aroused in her life, and she still wore all her clothing. No man had made her feel so beautiful. So sexy. So hot.

His hands roamed over her stomach, pushing her dress up until it reached the bottom of her bra and exposed her stomach. Sucking in a steady breath, he pulled away and sat back on his heels.

Her mind filled with worry. Had he changed his mind? Did he not like what he saw anymore?

"Everything okay?" she asked nervously.

His blue-grey eyes were dark and filled with arousal. A small smile spread across his face and his hair fell over his forehead when he leaned down toward her.

"Perfect. You're testing my control, that's all." His heated tone made her knees tremble. Pure arousal and focus. "How about we move to the bedroom?" She eagerly shuffled off the couch and grabbed the hand he held out for her.

Xavier gazed at the vixen who had seated herself on the bed with one knee up, legs parted a few inches. She knew exactly what she did to him. He'd had to stop touching her in the living room before he embarrassed himself. Everything about Zalia - her face, her soft body, her silky skin and musky, sweet scent drove him wild. His cock strained against the zipper of his pants, the friction when he moved almost painful. He wanted to strip her and take her, but he wouldn't allow it. Not just yet. He wanted to show her how special she was before he got his release.

The copper-haired beauty grinned as she watched him take off his shoes, socks, and belt. Propping herself up on her hands, she pulled her bottom lip into her mouth. When he approached, she held up a finger and raised her left brow in a drop-dead, sexy gesture. "The shirt, too, please." With a wicked grin, she watched as he unbuttoned the dress shirt he wore and let it slip to the floor. At her nod of approval, he approached the bed and stood in front of her, pleased by the smile on her face. While not a gym junkie by any standard, he exercised regularly and took care of himself. Judging by her face and the gentle fingers that brushed his abs, she liked what she saw.

He bent his head and cupped her face, capturing her soft lips. He could kiss this woman for hours on end and never tire of it. She had the perfect, soft pout, and her technique could bring a man to his knees. Making quick work of removing her dress, he pushed the garment up, breaking the kiss only so he could pull it over her head.

His gaze traveled from her face, to the full, creamy breasts that strained against her red-lace bra. Her nipples peaked beneath the cups, begging to be sucked.

"Jesus you're stunning," he said, pressing gently on her stomach to move her back on the bed.

His heart twisted at the surprised expression she gave him, as though nobody had ever told her that before. Once she lay back on the bed, he kissed her, ravaging her mouth while he undid her bra. The first two clasps snapped open easily, but the third made for hard work.

With a small giggle, she pulled away and reached underneath her, undoing it the way only a woman could. "That better?"

"Much." He grinned.

His cock twitched and pulsed when he removed the red lacey bra to find two rosy-pink, taut peaks on mounds of creamy flesh. Of course her breasts were perfect, like the rest of her. Xavier sucked a nipple into his mouth, and was promptly rewarded with a moan as she threw her head back on the bed. Suckling, he pulled on the silken bud until it pressed against the roof of his mouth. The guttural groan she voiced filled him with pride.

He wanted nothing more than to pleasure her. After thoroughly exploring one breast, he moved on to the other, shifting his right hand down at the same time.

Slipping it inside her panties, he found the swollen nub he sought and circled it slowly. Her hips bucked against him and she let out a throaty groan. She was so damn responsive; he wondered why no man had claimed her as his own.

"Fuck, Xavier, don't stop."

Pushing two fingers inside her tight entrance, he withdrew them and swirled the moisture around her clit. It took all of his self-control to not remove his pants and pound her until he came.

Flicking her clit one more time, he felt her shiver beneath him and plunged two digits deep inside her cunt. She let out a long low cry and writhed and shuddered. Fucking her with his fingers, he pressed his palm against her clit. She clutched at his shoulders and pulled him up, seeking his mouth.

He quickly found her G-spot and moved his fingers in and out, twisting them, grinding against her clit until her breath came in short, sharp pants against his cheek. When her internal muscles started to clench around his fingers, he shifted back to watch her face. With eyes shut, she gave a keening wail as her entire body spasmed against his.

Seeing her come was the most stunning sight he'd ever witnessed. Her juices flowed over his fingers as her inner muscles continued to milk them. Her cheeks had a rosy hue, and her breasts moved up and down with the labored breaths that accompanied her release. Xavier removed his hand from inside her panties, purposely brushing her clit with his fingers as he did.

She tightened her thighs and groaned. "Fuck me." She opened her eyes, now glazed over with lust, and licked her pink lips, swollen from their kisses.

"I intend to," he growled as he nipped at her bottom lip.

***

As Zalia drifted back into her body, she felt like a boneless, sated pile of mush.

Holy hell. That had been the single most explosive orgasm she'd ever experienced. Every nerve ending in her body was alert and oversensitive to Xavier's touch. It had been a long time since she'd slept with a man, but this was something out of the ordinary. When he nibbled on her lip, she gathered the energy to kiss him and placed a hand on his chest. Taking the hint, he moved and lay on his back.

Straddling his hips, she sat up and raked her nails over his taut chest and abdomen. He was too gorgeous for words. His torso had tone without too much bulk - exactly the way she liked it. Shuffling her body down, she let all her inhibitions go and set a trail of kisses down his abdomen until she reached his pants.

Undoing the button and zipper, she pulled his pants and underwear off in one quick move. His erect cock slapped lightly against his stomach when released from its bindings and her mouth watered at the sight. Long, thick, and ready for her. She licked her lips and bent down, tracing the vein on the underside slowly with her tongue. Much to her delight, he shuddered.

Taking the spongy head, she sucked it between her lips. He hissed in a breath and tangled his fingers in her hair to guide her down. The act of intimacy was so erotic; wetness pooled in her panties and trickled down her parted thighs. Zalia enveloped as much of his length as she could in her mouth and swallowed. After three thrusts, he gripped her shoulders and pulled her up.

She peered at him through the curtain of her hair and gave a sultry pout. "I was enjoying myself."

With a glimmer of amusement in his eyes, he huffed out a breath. "Any more of that and our fun will be over."

She had no idea why, but that statement turned her on even more. A shiver traveled down her spine, accentuated when he held her hips in a tight grip. In a swift move, he flipped her over and sideways so she lay along the bed with her head nestled on a pile of pillows.

In a fit of giggles, she ran her hands over his broad shoulders and leaned up to kiss him quickly.

His fingers hooked under the waistband of her panties and he looked down at her. "Let's get these off, shall we?" In a swift movement, he pulled them off and threw them on the floor.

Holding himself up on his palms, he hovered over her, his gaze tracing up and down her naked body. "I'm glad I let my brother convince me to do this."

"So am I."

He grinned, his eyes crinkling at the corners as he lowered his body onto hers.

He kissed her then, so thoroughly that every muscle in her body was on fire with desire. Her head spun and her clit throbbed. When he paused, she gave him a quizzical look.

"Condom."

"Hurry up," she responded quickly. "If I have to wait much longer I'm going to explode."

"We wouldn't want that now, would we?"

He sheathed himself in the latex and returned to claim her mouth fiercely.

Nestled between her spread thighs, his cock pressed up against her entrance.

Slowly he pushed inside her tight pussy, so only his head was in her entrance.

Spreading her legs farther apart, she groaned at the welcome intrusion and wrapped her legs around his waist, thrusting her hips upward to pull the rest of his hard cock in.

Once buried to the hilt, he moaned and rested his head against her neck. She looped her arms around his neck and enjoyed the blissful moment they shared, reveling in the feeling of his warm weight on top of her. This was what she'd missed about sex - the intimate moments partners shared. She didn't have sex with just anyone; she had to feel something for the man she slept with. And she definitely felt something for him.

He moved, long, slow, drawn out movements before he pulled out almost entirely and thrust in hard. So hard she almost came with the first thrust. A shudder tore throughout her body and she closed her eyes, biting back a cry of ecstasy. He appeared to enjoy her reaction, because he repeated it over and over, pulling himself out slowly then thrusting in with a solid, fast motion, watching her face the entire time.

Losing herself in the perfect rhythm, she focused only on him. Their lips met, tongues moving together in a lust-filled dance. When their bodies were covered in a thin sheen of sweat and her thighs began to tremble, he moved a hand between them and pinched her clit.

Oh, fuck. That did it.

Every muscle in her body clenched and tremored, from her head to the tips of her toes. Her inner muscles tightened around his cock and her world shattered.

They shared moans and cries of completion as they came together in such unbridled passion it brought tears to her eyes.

Xavier's body weighed heavy on hers. When he tried to move, she clung to him, keeping him in position as she rode out the final waves of her seemingly never-ending orgasm. Sated, she lowered her legs and his semi-erect cock slipped out of her, causing her to whimper at the loss.

He lay on his side, propped his head on a pillow, and held her close, regarding her with a satisfied expression. He ran his fingertips along her arm, triggering goose bumps over the bare flesh.

"That was amazing," he said, his tone sleepy.

Stifling a yawn, she smiled at him. "You can say that again." Cupping her face, he grinned and placed a kiss to her lips. "That was amazing."

With a quiet giggle, she reached underneath her and pulled the blankets out.

Xavier slipped his arm beneath her and she tucked herself in, her naked body against his. He positioned a thigh between hers and set the hard muscle against her mound, smiling when she whined at the contact with her oversensitive clit.

"After we rest and recharge, I'm going to take you again. And again. And again."

After another round of amazing sex, a very sated and happy Zalia lay in Xavier's embrace, basking in the afterglow of an intense orgasm. She ran her fingers in circles on his abs, smiling when the muscles contracted as she found a sensitive spot. She couldn't believe a man like him had contacted a dating agency.

Why would he need to? He was completely perfect.

Though she knew she shouldn't, she asked the question that had plagued her since she first laid eyes on him.

"Why did you contact Madame Eve?"

He hesitated and she looked up to find a pained expression on his face. Oh, crap.

Regret flowed through her and she leaned away from him. "Sorry, you don't have to answer. I'm merely curious."

"No," he retorted, pulling her back against him. "It's fine." A long pause and a shaky breath later, he answered. "I married young." Jealousy instantly twinged Zalia's chest. Just the thought of another woman touching him, let alone loving him, invoked feelings she'd never experienced.

She'd never experienced envy. Even when she'd found fuckface - her last ex - in bed with another woman, she hadn't felt that way. Angry, sure. Furious, definitely. But not jealous.

"She died in a car accident two years ago," Xavier continued. He frowned, sadness in his eyes, his voice cracking slightly. Immediately, sorrow replaced Zalia's jealousy. She wished she could reach out and take his pain away. "I haven't been with a woman since. Haven't even dated. My brother decided enough was enough and practically forced me to send my details to 1NightStand. When I heard she'd found me a match, I had to come."

"No pun intended," she said with a laugh, trying to lighten the mood.

He kissed the top of her head, filling her chest with a warm, fuzzy feeling.

"What's your story, beautiful? I can't imagine you had trouble finding a man."

She didn't hesitate. "I've only been in two relationships. Both of them cheated on me. My best friend kept pestering me to get back out there and 'fuck a bunch of randoms' as she so politely put it." That got a hearty laugh from him, the smooth skin of his chest sliding against her cheek as he chuckled. "I haven't gone on a date in three years."

"Three years?" His blue-grey eyes widened with surprise. "Why not? You're too beautiful a woman to be locked away from the world." She smiled at the compliment, happy tears burning her eyes. "I could say the same about you."

"So you decided enough was enough?"

She shook her head. "We agreed that if I contacted Madame Eve and wasn't happy with whatever match she found me, Kara would stop pushing me to find a man."

A moment of silence followed while he studied her face. "And?"

"And what?"

"Are you happy with the match you got?"

Leaning up, Zalia kissed him thoroughly, leaving both of them breathless and quivering at the end of it.

"Does that answer your question?"

"I believe so." He grinned and rolled over, pinning her beneath his hard body.

***

When Xavier awoke some time later, the soft body that had been nestled against him was missing. Sitting up, he squinted to see in the dark room and found his clothing folded neatly on the nightstand, next to Zalia's. He rubbed his weary eyes and hopped out of bed, intent on finding where his lover had gone. A quiet slosh of water told him she was in the bathroom.

When he opened the door, he found her soaking in the large spa-bath. She'd tied her hair up in a high ponytail. Tendrils curled with moisture around her face One Hot Australian Night and neck. With her head resting against the edge of the tub, her eyes remained closed. As he entered the room, a smile formed on her full lips.

"Are you going to join me?" she asked, opening her eyes to regard him.

He paused and took in the picture of true beauty she was. Her tired, sated gaze, swollen red mouth, soft breasts, and creamy skin had his cock jumping to attention again. Her gaze traveled down and she licked her lips, sending sparks of arousal shooting around his body. This woman would be his undoing.

He stood in the tub opposite her, donning a condom as he took his time getting used to the temperature before immersing his body in the citrus-scented water.

When he settled, she moved so her legs lay on top of his and her toes rested against his hips, giving him the perfect view of what he'd been enjoying all night.

He smiled and began massaging her foot, working his way up one leg then moving on to the other one, her silky, smooth skin heavenly against his calloused fingers.

She moaned and closed her eyes. "That feels so good. I just want to wrap you up and keep you with me at all times."

He smiled to himself. He felt the exact same way. This amazingly beautiful, and responsive woman was a goddess. He'd never had a lover like her, not even Honoria.

His movements stopped and his muscles tensed at the memory of his wife.

"Xavier?" Zalia's quiet voice pulled him from his stunned silence.

Looking at her, he realized he'd stopped massaging and his fingertips dug into her thighs. Shaking his head, he concentrated on the woman before him. Soaking wet and ready for him to take. She was his future. He had to stop thinking about Honoria and leave her as the treasured memory she was.

A wicked smirk spread across his mouth and he leaned forward, his hands moving under her buttocks. He lifted her and pulled her forward until she straddled him. That adorable giggle came from her lips again and her eyes twinkled with amusement. Arousal spread from his head to his toes when she wiggled her hips; his cock rested against her warm and inviting entrance.

He was tempted to take her hard and fast again, but decided to go slow. He enjoyed watching her squirm and come. Capturing a nipple between his lips, he sucked until it peaked, grinning arrogantly when he received a guttural moan from her. Repeating the action on her other breast, he then ran his hands down her back until they came to rest on her hips.

Her soft fingertips danced their way along his jaw, stopping on his shoulders as he began movements that were so slow and deliberate his muscles shook beneath her. He bent his head to the side and placed a sweet kiss on the back of her wrist. Her gaze locked with his and she smiled. Without warning, he thrust his cock deep inside her.

Her eyes rolled back and a sound of pleasure and surprise erupted from her throat. She was so fucking tight; he didn't want to move for fear of coming too soon. Her pussy held him like a glove, inner muscles clenching tightly.

With a wicked grin, she arched her back as she looked down at him with hazy eyes and impaled herself on his erection. Now it was his turn to moan. The woman was a goddess and a devil rolled into one. Slowly, she rotated her hips, moving his cock in every direction, not leaving a single part of her cunt untouched.

Xavier took the hint and leaned back, letting her take over, reveling in the sight before him. Her breasts bounced with each rotation she made. She bit down on her bottom lip as she brought herself closer to climax. He removed a hand from her hip and shifted it down, his fingers dancing around her clit.

As he'd hoped, her inner muscles tensed, signaling the beginning of her orgasm. He continued his lazy movements as she rode him, bringing herself over the edge.

His lips tingled, begging to suckle her. Cupping both breasts, he brought one nipple to his mouth then the other. He licked, nipped, and sucked until she cried out above him and became a trembling mess.

Fuck, she's amazing. With her forehead resting against his, their breath combined in an intimate exchange that only lovers shared. His cocked twitched inside of her, but he didn't dare move. He wanted to stay like that forever, with her soft body pressed against his, their lips grazing with each breath she took.

After a few moments of bathing in her afterglow, Zalia moved and kissed him so deeply it sent shivers down his spine. She pulled herself off him and clasped her fingers around his cock.

"So, am I allowed to take care of this?"

"Please do," he replied on an exhale.

To his shock, she stood and exited the bath. He stared at her, his rock hard erection apparent in the water. She quickly wrapped a towel around her body and stood with her hands on her hips.

"What are you waiting for? Get that sexy ass of yours on the bed." Her gaze flickered from his crotch back to his face. "Please," she added with a grin.

Returning her grin, he climbed out and dried himself, eager to meet her in the bedroom. He sat on the edge of the bed, as instructed, and watched with wide eyes as she got on her knees in front of him. There was nothing sexier to him than a woman willing to please.

Without a word, she bent her head and took his cock into her mouth. He closed his eyes and rested back on his elbows, ready to enjoy the ride. Her wicked tongue swirled up and down, around and around his erection. She suckled, took him into the back of her throat and swallowed, pulling back to suck on the head.

Then repeated the process.

The woman had moves that should be illegal.

On the final suck, the head of his member touched the back of Zalia's throat and he was a goner. His balls tightened and tingled, his cock becoming almost painfully hard. He touched her shoulders, intent on pulling her off so he didn't come in her mouth. Most women hated that.

Apparently not this one. She shook off his grip and pushed a gentle hand on his stomach. That gesture unraveled him. His head spun and his face flushed as he panted and moaned. White light sparked on the back of his closed eyelids. An animalistic growl rumbled from his chest as pleasure shot through his entire body. Muscles he didn't know he had warmed and shivered with his release. She swallowed every drop of cum that shot into her mouth in the single most erotic act he'd ever experienced.

Collapsing back on the bed, Xavier pulled her with him and put an arm around her. He'd just enjoyed the most intense orgasm of his life with the most beautiful woman he'd ever met. He couldn't have been happier than he was at that moment.

When she woke in the morning, Zalia's muscles were tight and aching. Though she shouldn't have been surprised. She'd done the most vigorous workout she had in months. Five rounds of mind-blowing sex would be enough to leave anyone feeling tender. Turning to thank Xavier for the most brilliant night of her life, she found she was alone in bed. His clothes were gone from the bedside table. The clock on the table read ten a.m. Of course he was gone; regular people didn't sleep in until ten on a Saturday morning.

With a groan, she stretched her arms and legs out and got out of bed. Dressing quickly, she wandered around the suite searching for a note, hoping he'd left some way to contact him. She came up with nothing. Not even a note to say thank you for a night filled with sex.

Sadness and rejection overcame her. After the conversations they'd had, the emotions they'd shared, she had been sure she was more than only a hook-up.

Apparently she'd been wrong. At that moment, she wanted to crawl into bed and eat an entire tub of ice cream. That would make her feel better. Unfortunately, she had to go home to do that. That meant a walk of shame through the hotel lobby.

Swallowing her sadness and biting back the tears of rejection that welled in her eyes, she exited the hotel with her head held high. Once she'd walked almost a kilometer down the road, she fumbled for her phone to ring Kara and tell her what happened.

Rummaging through her bag she found her wallet, makeup, lip-gloss, keys, even a handful of bobby pins. But no phone.

"For crap's sake," she groaned and received a confused look from an old man walking by.

She had left her phone at the hotel. She considered turning around to find it, but the bookstore was only a few minutes away. She'd ring them from there and pick it up later. After all, nobody would be trying to contact her urgently. Right then she wanted sugar and her best friend. Kara would tell her she was fantastic and that Xavier was an idiot for letting her go.

She didn't believe that herself for a second. Out of the two of them, Xavier was definitely the catch, not her. Still, Kara would tell her otherwise. A best friend would always pick a girl up when she was down.

***

The bookstore was empty. That was rare - Saturday mornings were their busiest day. She called out, receiving no response. With a frown and a hint of concern in her mind, she approached the break room and found Kara there with her phone to her ear.

She noticed her and her eyes widened. "Oh, she's here." Kara hung up the phone and grinned at her. "Hey girl, how'd last night go?" Zalia chewed the inside of her lip, holding back the tears that had been threatening to erupt since she realized Xavier left without a note.

"Honestly, it was great. Fantastic. Better than any night I've ever had in my life. He was wonderful."

"So why do you look like you're about to burst into tears?" Kara asked with a concerned expression.

"This morning sucked. He left before I woke. He didn't even leave a note." A few stray tears fell, but she held back her sobs. She wasn't going to cry. No man was worth her tears.

"Don't cry, babe." Kara wrapped her up in a tight hug. "Seriously. There's no need."

Zalia pulled away, confused by her friend's strange statement.

In the front of the store, the bell rang, indicating that someone had entered.

"Get it." Kara practically pushed her out of the break room, ignoring her protests. "Seriously, it's for you."

"Kara, what the hell?" Zalia entered the store, wiping her cheeks and turned to face the customer that had entered, only to find Xavier.

Standing a few feet from her, his hair was messed and the clothes he'd worn the previous night were wrinkled. Still, he was gorgeous.

She met his heated gaze and warmth spread through her like a wildfire. Hope and happiness mingled in her chest.

"What are you doing here?"

"I picked up your phone when I left."

He closed the distance that separated them and gave it to her. "Oh, thanks." Sadness filled the pit of her stomach, as she experienced rejection all over again.

"Sorry I left so early," he apologized, his blue-grey eyes sincere. "What are these tears for?" His fingers wiped at her moist cheek.

She sniffed and stepped back, hastily dabbing at her face. "You left without a word after we shared what I thought was an amazing night."

"It was." His soft voice pulled her gaze back to his. "I had to let my brother in the office since he 'misplaced' his keys again." Zalia couldn't help but smirk at the irritation in his words. She'd had to let Kara into the store or the house more times than she could count.

"You looked so beautiful and peaceful, sleeping, I couldn't wake you. But I didn't have time to leave a note...."

"So you stole my phone."

Happiness and warmth spread through her body when he grinned at her. She hadn't imagined the intense connection between the two of them.

"I could never walk out on you." He cupped her face and rested his forehead on hers. "I've never felt this way about anyone, Zali." She smiled at the nickname.

"Even my wife."

Whoa. She looked up at him with wide eyes, finding nothing but adoration in the now deep blue depths of his.

"I feel exactly the same way."

