Chapter One

1899 - Eastern Oregon

Clickety-clak. Clickety-clak. Clickety-clak.

The sound of the train kept perfect time with the runaway thumping of Aundy Thorsen's heart. Each beat took her closer to an uncertain future and she wondered what madness possessed her to make such a rash decision.

"Miss?" A gentle tap on her arm brought Aundy's head around to look into the friendly face of the porter. "We'll be in Pendleton soon. Just wanted to let you know."

"Thank you," Aundy said with a smile, nodding her head. The porter had been helpful and kind, answering her many questions and making two rowdy salesmen intent on bothering her relocate to a different car.

Aware that she was asking for trouble traveling alone, Aundy figured since she was taller than most men and not considered beautiful, she wouldn't have any problems. The persistent salesmen had been the only nuisance in an otherwise uneventful, yet exciting, adventure.

Growing up in Chicago and never traveling any farther than her aunt's stuffy home across town, Aundy was trying to commit to memory each detail of her trip that would soon end in Pendleton, Oregon. Once there, she would marry Erik Erikson, a farmer who wanted a Norwegian bride.

Her betrothed, a man she had yet to meet, offered to travel to Chicago so they could wed there then make the trip to Pendleton as a married couple. Aundy assured him she would be safe traveling alone, although she was grateful for the train ticket and generous sum of money Erik provided to cover her expenses. So far, Aundy had saved most of it, used to living frugally and making each penny count.

Wishing she'd purchased something to eat at their last stop, Aundy willed the rumbling in her empty stomach to discontinue.

Suddenly overcome with the thought that she would soon meet Erik and become his bride, nerves replaced her hunger.

Although Erik wasn't the first man to whom Aundy found herself engaged, he would be the first she married. Not willing to think about the tender glances and gentle smile of the playful boy who had stolen her heart, she instead focused her thoughts on the man awaiting her.

Six months ago, desperate to make a change in her life, Aundy happened upon a discarded newspaper and her gaze fastened on an advertisement for a mail-order bride.

Normally one to ignore such nonsense, Aundy felt drawn to the words written by a farmer named Erik Erikson.

Wanted: someone to build a future with and share in my dreams. Seeking loving wife with a tender heart and gentle spirit. Must be willing to move to Pendleton, Oregon. Hard worker, good cook, and Norwegian ancestry preferred. Farm experience helpful, but not essential. Outward beauty irrelevant. Please reply to...

Ripping the advertisement out of the paper, Aundy carried it around in her pocket for two weeks, debating if she should send a reply. Finally, she sat down and composed a letter to Erik Erikson of Pendleton, Oregon, a place she'd never heard of and certainly never dreamed of seeing.

She wrote about her life, how she worked as a seamstress at a factory during the day and helped cook and clean mornings and evenings at a boardinghouse in exchange for her room and board. Explaining she was not beautiful by any sense of the word, Aundy assured him she had a strong constitution, a tender heart, and a willingness to work hard. She described how her parents, both from good Norwegian families, made certain their three children knew their heritage.

Not expecting to receive a reply, Aundy was surprised when a letter arrived from Erik. He invited her to correspond with him so they could get to know one another better before making any decisions or commitments.

Writing back and forth, sharing bits of information about themselves, their families, their hopes and dreams, Aundy came to like the man in the letters penned with a confident hand.

Erik wrote he wasn't much to look at, had never been married, and owned a farm that was on its way to being prosperous. He shared how lonely his life seemed and how much he wanted to have a family of his own.

When he wrote saying he was in love with her letters and asked if she'd agree to marry him, she quickly replied with her consent, changing the course of her future. Bespoken for the second time in her young life, Aundy had no delusions about being in love with Erik. Love died along with her beloved Gunther two years ago.

Admiration and respect, though, she had plenty to share with Erik along with her devotion and loyalty. She would be a caring, gentle wife even if she never brought herself to love the man.

Bringing her thoughts back to the present, Aundy took a shallow breath in the train car filled with the mingling odors of stale food, unwashed bodies, and smells from the washroom.

Longing to press her warm cheek against the cool glass of the window, she instead tipped her head so she could see over the sleeping woman who sat beside her to admire the brilliant blue sky, pine-dotted mountains, and snow-covered ground outside.

As the train chugged through the rugged Blue Mountains of Eastern Oregon, Aundy realized she was farther away from her familiar world than she ever thought she would be.

Tamping down her fears of what waited ahead, she pulled a handkerchief out of her reticule, carefully rubbing at her cheeks, hoping to remove the worst of the soot. Convinced grime covered every inch of her being from the long trip, she couldn't wait to soak in a hot tub, wash her hair, and dress in clean clothes.

She sincerely hoped Erik wouldn't mind if she did that before she put on her wedding dress and exchanged nuptials with him. He didn't mention his plans for when they would wed, but Aundy assumed Erik would want to do so as soon as possible. If that was true, she supposed she would most likely be Mrs. Erik Erikson before the end of the day.

That thought made her grip the reticule so tightly in her hands, she felt her fingers cramp through her soft leather gloves.

Feeling a light touch on her arm, Aundy turned her gaze to the woman who sat beside her for much of the trip.

"You'll be fine, dearie," Mrs. Jordan said, her kind brown eyes twinkling. "Nothing to worry about at all."

"Thank you, ma'am," Aundy said, patting the hand resting on her arm and offering the woman a small smile. With mile upon mile of nothing to do but stare out the window and watch the incredible changing scenery, Aundy and Mrs. Jordan discussed their individual reasons for being on the train. The elderly woman was going to Portland to live with her only daughter.

"You're a smart, brave girl," Mrs. Jordan said, sitting straighter in her seat. "I have no doubt that everything will work out for the best. If it doesn't, you know how to get in touch with me."

"I'm sure all will be well," Aundy said, grateful she did have a slip of paper in her possession with Mrs. Jordan's new address. If she ever needed somewhere to go, at least she had one friend on this side of the Rocky Mountains.

Shaking herself mentally, Aundy adjusted her hat, brushed at her skirt and the sleeves of her jacket then moistened her lips. Although Erik said looks didn't matter to him, she certainly hoped he wouldn't be terribly disappointed when he met her. Perhaps she shouldn't have refused when he asked for her photograph.

Afraid he would break off their commitment once he realized she was no beauty, she figured he would take her as she was or she'd be in an even bigger mess than the one she was leaving behind in Chicago.

If she looked anything like her younger sister, Ilsa, men would be falling all over themselves to do her bidding. Both blond with blue eyes, the similarities ended there.

Gathering her belongings along with her courage, Aundy glanced out the window to see the snow had disappeared leaving random patches covering the ground as the train made its way out of the mountains. The sky was so blue and wide open, she wondered, briefly, if she could see up to heaven. Would her father and mother be looking down and giving their approval to what she was about to do? She prayed if Gunther could see her, he wasn't disappointed with her for marrying someone she would never love.

Trapping a sigh behind her lips, she brushed at her skirt one last time and sat back to wait as the train rumbled to a stop, willing her pounding heart to slow as well.

The porter finally announced their arrival and stood outside the car, helping the women disembark.

Giving Mrs. Jordan a quick hug, Aundy slipped on her coat, grabbed the Gladstone bag that had been her mother's, and stepped off the train into the bright sunshine and brisk February air.

"Best wishes, Ms. Thorsen," the porter said as he helped her down the steps.

"Thank you, sir," Aundy said, tipping her head at him before turning her attention to the platform where a sea of people churned back and forth. How was she ever going to find Erik?

Cowboys and farmers, businessmen and miners, Indians covered with colorful blankets, Chinese men wearing long braids and strange hats, and women dressed in everything from plain calico to ornately stitched dresses milled together, all blending into a mass of varied colors.

Taking as deep a breath as her corset allowed, Aundy wished, again, she had exchanged photographs with Erik when he asked. His description said he was tall, blond and plain. She'd basically written him the same portrayal of her own appearance.

Looking around, she counted four men who were several inches taller than the majority of the crowd. One had dark hair that fell down to his shoulders, one was an extremely handsome cowboy, one wore a nice suit, and the last one appeared to be a farmer in mud-splattered overalls who was not only dirty, but had a mean look about him. She certainly hoped he wasn't her intended.

When the man in the suit removed his hat, clutching it tightly in his big hands, his white-blond hair glistened in the mid-day sun. Flecks of mud on his boots and the hem of his pants didn't detract from his crisp shirt, handsome vest or well-made tie.

Studying him a moment, Aundy hoped he was the man she was about to wed. Despite his obvious nerves, he had a kind face, even if it was older than she anticipated. Erik never stated his age, never asked hers.

Considered a spinster at twenty-one, she guessed Erik's age closer to forty from the lines time and life had etched on his face.

Although not handsome, he had a gentleness about him that held Aundy's interest. If this was, in fact, her betrothed maybe she hadn't lost her mind after all.

Squaring her shoulders and straightening her spine, she marched up to the man as he continued to search the sea of faces around him.

"Mr. Erikson?" Aundy asked, stepping beside him. The surprised look on the man's face when he turned his attention her direction made her smile. "Erik Erikson?"

"Yes, I'm Erik Erikson," he said, studying Aundy cautiously. "May I assist you?"

"I certainly hope so," Aundy said, with a teasing smile. "You did say you needed a bride and asked me to marry you."

"Oh! Ms. Thorsen? Is it really you?" Erik asked, sandwiching Aundy's gloved fingers between his two work-roughened hands.

"It is, indeed."

"I had no idea... I didn't think..." Erik stuttered, trying to chase his thoughts back together. "You said you weren't comely and when I saw you get off the train, I thought you were much too lovely to be my bride. It's a disservice, Ms. Thorsen, calling yourself plain. You look like one of the Viking queens in the stories my mother used to read me at bedtime - tall, strong, and beautiful."

Erik's comments made her blush. No one had ever called her lovely or compared her to a Viking queen, although her father used to tell her she had the tenacity of her ancestors running through her veins.

Looping her hand around his arm, Erik took her bag and escorted her off the platform over to a wagon hitched to a hulking team of horses.

"Meet Hans and Henry," Erik said, setting her bag in the wagon then giving her a hand as she climbed up to the seat. "I would have brought the buggy, but I assumed you'd have luggage. If you wait here a moment, I'll get your trunks."

"Thank you," Aundy said, warily eyeing the horses. Growing up in the city in an apartment, she had no experience with animals. She told Erik from the beginning of their correspondence he'd have to teach her about his farm and livestock. Writing about his day-to-day activities, she gleaned information about his horses and Shorthorn cattle, as well as the pigs and chickens he raised.

Wanting to crane her neck and stare at everything she could see, Aundy instead glanced around inconspicuously, taking in a variety of interesting faces and places. Erik wrote the town was growing and was one of the largest cities in Oregon. Hoping she'd have time to explore her new home another day, she smiled to see Erik walking head and shoulders above much of the crowd.

Erik soon returned, easily carrying one of her trunks while two younger men struggled to carry her other trunks. He set them in the back of the wagon, tossed each man a coin with a nod of his head, and climbed up beside Aundy.

"I let the pastor know to expect us as soon as the train arrived," Erik said, turning the horses so they began lumbering down the street.

"The pastor?" Aundy asked, trying to keep from swiveling her head back and forth as Erik drove past stores and business establishments. There were so many interesting buildings and fascinating people.

"Pastor Whitting," Erik said, trying not to stare at Aundy. She was young, tall, and much prettier than he'd anticipated. Not that her looks mattered, but her smooth skin, dusted by a few freckles across her nose, golden hair, and sky blue eyes made him glad he'd placed an advertisement for a bride.

Although most of his friends thought he had lost use of his mental faculties, Erik was tired of being alone and didn't have time to find a wife or court a woman properly. He vowed to make it up to Aundy by spending the rest of his life showing her she was special to him. Falling in love with the girl in the letters she wrote, it was easy for him to see he'd love the woman beside him even more. "I thought we could get married, have lunch, and then head out to the farm. I wanted to have time to show you around the place before it gets dark."

"Oh," Aundy said, absorbing the information. It looked like her mother's wedding dress would stay firmly packed in the trunk and a bath would have to wait. Resigning herself to exchanging vows with Erik in her current state of disrepair, she smiled at him and put a hand on his arm. "That sounds fine."

"Good," Erik said, grinning at her in such a way he took on a boyish look as he turned the horses down a side street. Aundy could see the church ahead and tried to calm her nerves. The warmth of the sun beating down, despite it being February, forced her to remove her coat. Erik tucked it behind the seat, placing it on top of one of her trunks.

Stopping the horses close to the church steps, Erik walked around the wagon and reached up to Aundy. When she started to put her hand in his, he gently placed his hands to her waist and swung her around, setting her down on the bottom step.

The breath she was holding whooshed out of her and she looked at Erik with wide eyes. She'd never been handled so by a man and wasn't sure if she liked it or not. Part of her thought a repeat of the experience might be in order for her to make up her mind.

"Shall we?" Erik asked, offering her his arm as they went up the church steps.

Before she could fully grasp what was happening, she and Erik exchanged vows, he slid a plain gold band on her finger, and the pastor and his wife offered congratulations on their marriage. Walking back out into the bright afternoon sunshine, Aundy had to blink back her disbelief that she was finally a married woman.

"We can eat just around the corner, if you don't mind the walk," Erik said, gesturing toward the boardwalk that would take them back toward the heart of town.

Aundy nodded her head and felt Erik place a hand to the small of her back, urging her forward.

Taking a seat in a well-lit restaurant, they were soon enjoying a filling, savory meal. Several people approached their table, offering words of congratulations. Aundy smiled when a few of the women invited her to stop by for a visit sometime soon. It appeared that Erik was a well-liked member of the community and for that, Aundy was grateful. She'd never lived in a rural town before, but assumed getting along with your neighbors spoke well of a man's character.

Watching Erik finish his piece of pie, Aundy hoped this marriage would be a blessing to them both. She didn't know what had prompted her to act so boldly, writing to a stranger, but right at this moment she was glad she sent Erik that first letter.

"Well, Mrs. Erickson, are you ready to go home?" Erik asked as she took a last bite of cherry pie and wiped her lips on a linen napkin.

"I suppose so," Aundy said, realizing she was no longer Aundy Thorsen, but Erik's wife.

Leaving money for their lunch along with a tip on the table, Erik stood and put on his hat, offered Aundy his arm, and escorted her back to the wagon.

Expecting him to help her into the wagon, Aundy was surprised when Erik pulled her into his arms, right there in front of the church for any and all to see as they passed by.

"Thank you for coming, Aundy. For marrying me," Erik said, kissing her quickly on the lips. He seemed unable to stop himself from giving her a warm hug. "I promise to be a good husband to you."

Looking into his eyes and seeing the questions there, Aundy tamped down her unease at having a man who was still a stranger kiss her. She placed a hand to his cheek and patted it with a growing fondness. "I know you will be. And I'll do my very best to be a good wife to you."

"You could start by giving me a kiss," Erik teased, waggling a blond eyebrow at her.

Aundy smiled and kissed his cheek, grateful that Erik seemed to have a fun, playful side. "You'll have the town gossiping about me and I haven't even been here two hours."

"Everyone knows I came into Pendleton to marry you today and I can't see a thing wrong with a husband kissing his lovely new bride."

Blushing, Aundy accepted Erik's help into the wagon and sat down, pleased at his words.

Heading out of town, Aundy relaxed as the noise and activity of Pendleton fell behind them, and the rolling fields opened before them. Releasing a sigh, she gazed up at the sky and breathed in the fresh air.

"Anything you want to know? Any questions?" Erik asked, watching Aundy as she settled against the wagon seat.

"I don't think you ever told me how old you are," Aundy said, studying Erik's profile.

"I'll be thirty-nine next month," he said, turning to look at Aundy.

"And you've never been married?"

"Never. I got so busy building the farm after my parents died, I kept putting off finding someone to court. I woke up one day and realized if I wanted to have a wife and a family, I had better do something about it. So I placed the ad and you know the rest of the story."

"I guess I do," Aundy said, looking with interest at the fluffy clouds drifting across the azure sky overhead and the fields that surrounded both sides of the road. If the land had been flat, she was sure she could have seen for miles. Instead, the gently rolling hills provided their own unique perspective to the landscape. Unfamiliar with wide-open spaces and such clean air, Aundy breathed as deeply as she dared and soaked up the sunshine.

"How old are you?" Erik asked, breaking into her thoughts.

"Twenty-one, although people often mistake me for someone older," Aundy said, then let out a soft laugh at a memory. "Someone once asked if Ilsa, my sister, was my daughter. I didn't know whether to be insulted or pleased."

Erik chuckled. "Pleased, I would think. People can't help but see the way you carry yourself with confidence and strength. That's a good thing."

"It is?" Aundy asked, thinking she liked the sound of Erik's laugh. Although she'd only just met the man, it wasn't hard for her to imagine spending her future with him. Since stepping off the train, what she'd seen and experienced led her to believe Erik was gentle and mannerly. He might not be handsome or young, he might not make her heart pound or butterflies take flight in her stomach, but she thought he would treat her with respect and care. If they were fortunate, they might even come to love one another someday.

"Certainly, it is. I wouldn't want some flighty young thing, so wrapped up in herself that she wouldn't take proper care of a home or her husband. It's easy to see that you'll be a good wife, Aundy. You're a sensible girl and I appreciate that," Erik said, turning to look at his new bride with a teasing smile. "I also appreciate your fine figure, beautiful eyes, and that sweet smile."

Feeling her cheeks turn pink and grow hot at Erik's words, Aundy lifted her gaze across the fields, dotted with a few skiffs of melting snow.

She heard Erik chuckle again before she felt his fingers on her chin. He gently, but firmly, turned her to face him.

"I didn't mean to embarrass you, but I want you to know I think this marriage is going to work out just fine," Erik said, leaning over and pressing another quick kiss to her lips.

Aundy closed her eyes and waited to feel something, anything. Instead, Erik pulled back and she opened her eyes to see him studying the road ahead.

"Do you think... if it isn't... what I..." Aundy stammered, trying to figure out a way to ask if she could take a bath when they reached his farm.

"What is it? Go ahead, Aundy. Don't be afraid to ask me anything."

"May I please have a bath? I feel like I'm wearing dust from way back in Wyoming and half a train car of soot."

"Yes, you may," Erik said, bringing his gaze back to Aundy with an indulgent smile. "You can do that while I take care of the evening chores after I show you around the farm. How does that sound?"

"Wonderful," Aundy said, excited at the prospect of being clean. "As soon as I'm finished, I can fix the evening meal."

"No need. One of the neighbors said she'd have a basket waiting on the table for a cold supper so you wouldn't have to cook on your wedding day."

"How thoughtful," Aundy said, thinking Erik must have some good neighbors. "I'll have to thank her later for her kindness."

"It's Mrs. Nash. She and her husband and son live on the farm to the south of us. They're good folks. Ol' Marvin Tooley lives on the farm to the west but he's cantankerous on a good day, so stay away from him if you can."

Aundy nodded her head, wondering what made Mr. Tooley crotchety.

Passing a lane that turned off the road, Erik inclined his head that direction as the horses continued onward. "That's the Nash place. Been here for many years. Raise mostly cattle and wheat. Good folks and good friends as well as our closest neighbors."

Aundy again nodded her head and gazed up the lane, catching a view of the top of the barn over a rise in the road. Pole fences ran along a pasture down to the road and she could see dozens of cattle grazing lazily in the sun.

"Are those..." Aundy's question was cut off when a sharp crack resonated around them and the horses spooked, lunging forward as they began flying down the muddy road.

"Whoa, boys! Whoa!" Erik called, pulling back on the reins, frantic to get the team under control.

Aundy clung to the side and back of the seat, praying for the runaway horses to stop.

"Get down, Aundy," Erik yelled, motioning for her to climb beneath the wagon's seat. She followed his orders, wedging herself into the space, as she listened to the thundering of the horse's hooves and Erik's shouts for them to stop.

The wagon veered sideways then slid back before hitting the side of the ditch bank and flipping over, sliding in the mud.

Aundy's screams mingled with Erik's shouts before everything went black.

Chapter Two

Cautiously opening her eyes, Aundy tried to recall where she was, what was happening.

Remembering the runaway wagon, Aundy shifted her gaze upward to see the floor of the wagon above her head while her back rested on the base of the broken wagon seat. Realizing the wagon was upside down, Aundy was grateful the seat had kept her relatively safe.

Taking a quick inventory to make sure she could feel her toes and fingers, she realized her left arm was throbbing painfully, but everything else seemed to be in working order.

Carefully turning over, she hoped her sister would forgive her for completely ruining the travel suit she had so painstakingly remade for her from some of their mother's clothes.

Scooting forward over the front end of the wagon, she felt mud oozing through the fabric of her skirt and into her petticoat. Cold and slimy, it made her shiver as she climbed from beneath the wagon and pulled herself upright.

The horses were both still on their feet, hooked to the wagon, although Aundy could see blood trickling down the hindquarters of the one nearest her. Nervous and antsy, each time they moved, the wagon creaked and shifted. Afraid of them spooking again, Aundy looked around, wondering where Erik had gone.

Two of her trunks sat upended in the road, a little muddy but none the worse for wear, while the third rested at an odd angle, with the lid hinges broken. A pile of frothy white unmentionables floated in the mud near her bedraggled coat. Gathering her clothes, she rolled them in her coat and set the bundle on top of one of the unbroken trunks.

Craning her neck, hoping to see Erik, she heard a deep moan. Walking around the end of the wagon, she drew in a sharp gasp to see her husband pinned beneath the back corner where it rested on his chest, his head twisted to one side.

"Erik," she whispered, hurrying to him. Dropping to her knees in the mud, she lifted his head to her lap. "Erik, can you hear me? Please, Erik. Please wake up."

Another deep moan answered her pleading. Pulling a handkerchief from her pocket, she wiped at the mud on his face and begged him to wake up. His eyelashes fluttered and he finally opened his eyes.

"Aundy?" Erik asked, raising his eyes to hers. Pain filled their blue depths and Aundy felt tears roll down her cheeks.

"Erik, what can I do? How can I help you?" Aundy had no idea what to do. She certainly couldn't move the wagon herself. She was afraid to get near the horses and nothing else was coming to mind.

"Unhook the horses," Erik said, clenching his teeth as the animals moved nervously and the wagon shifted on top of his chest.

Aundy looked at him fearfully, but gently lifted his head from her lap. She spied Erik's hat lying a few feet away and carefully put it beneath his head to keep him out of the mud.

"I don't know how. What do I do?" Aundy said, straightening her spine and turning to look at the horses as they took another nervous step, dragging the upended wagon across Erik, causing him to gasp for air.

Finally regaining the ability to speak, Erik gave her instructions using as few words as possible and Aundy swallowed down her fear. She unhooked the horses, just as Erik told her, and hurried back to him. The horses took a few forward steps then dropped their heads to graze on the side of the road, seemingly unaware of the havoc they created with their wild run.

"Get Garrett," Erik said as Aundy bent down beside him. His voice was growing weaker and his eyes were squeezed shut.

"Who's Garrett? Does he work on your farm?" Aundy asked, wracking her brain for the name Garrett. Had Erik mentioned anyone named Garrett in his letters? Not that she could recall.

"Neighbor. Garrett Nash," Erik said and slowly turned his head in the direction of town.

"Garrett Nash," Aundy repeated, remembering Erik pointing out the Nash farm about a half-mile down the road. "I'll be back as soon as I can."

Erik didn't answer, but he opened his eyes and blinked.

Aundy grabbed her mud-soaked skirts in one hand while she held her injured arm close to her side and started running down the road, sending a steady stream of prayers heavenward for Erik to be fine. By the time she reached the turnoff to the Nash farm, her lungs burned and she was convinced she'd accumulated so much mud on her shoes and clothes, it added an extra twenty pounds of weight.

Topping the little rise in the Nash's lane, Aundy took in a huge barn, corrals, and a big two-story farmhouse with a welcoming porch that wrapped all the way around. She hated to go to the front door in such a state, but she didn't know what else to do. Racing up the steps, she knocked sharply on the door, trying to catch her breath.

Raising her hand to knock again, the door swung open and she looked into the cheery, round face of a small woman with dark hair and silvery gray eyes.

"My gracious, dear. What brings you to our door? I don't think I've seen you around these parts before."

"Wagon wreck," was all Aundy managed to gasp out as she struggled to draw air into her lungs. If she hadn't been wearing her hated corset, she'd have been able to run to the house with no trouble.

"Wagon wreck? Where? On the road?" the woman asked, stepping out on the porch and gazing in the direction of the road.

"Yes, not far," Aundy said, moving back so she wouldn't get mud on the woman's spotless white apron or lavender dress.

"Is anyone hurt?"

"My husband. He's pinned beneath the wagon," Aundy said, trying not to let her growing sense of panic show.

"What's your name?"

"Aundy. Aundy Thor... Erickson," Aundy said, correcting herself at the last moment, remembering her name was now Erickson.

"Are you Erik's bride?" When Aundy nodded, the woman bustled across the porch, picked up an iron bar and beat it against a triangle hanging from the porch eaves.

"Yes, ma'am," Aundy said, feeling like she could again breathe as air filled her lungs. "The pastor married us earlier today. The horses spooked and the wagon flipped over on Erik."

"Oh, my gracious. The boys will be here soon and they'll take care of everything," the woman said, motioning for Aundy to sit on a chair by the door. "I'm Mrs. Nash, but I hope you'll call me Nora. I'll run in and call for the doctor. You're welcome to join me."

"Thank you, Nora, but I'll just..." Aundy said, to Nora's retreating back. The woman was gone a few minutes and returned to the porch just as Aundy heard the pounding of feet coming toward them.

"What'd you ring the bell for, Ma?" an extremely tall, handsome man asked as he took the porch steps in one long stride and stopped next to his mother. He noticed Aundy standing off to the side and gave her a brief perusal before turning to his mother with a quizzical expression.

"Aundy, this is my son, Garrett," Nora said making a brief introduction. Turning her attention to Garrett, she pointed her finger toward the road. "Erik Erickson was in an accident. According to his new bride, the wagon is just down the road on top of him. I think you better get down there and see what you can do. I tried the doc but no one answered my call, so we should send someone to fetch him."

"Yes, ma'am," Garrett said, jumping off the porch and running in the direction of the barn.

"Why don't you come inside, dear, and we'll see about getting you cleaned up," Nora said, reaching out to take Aundy's mud-covered hand.

"Oh, no, ma'am. I couldn't bring this mess inside your home and I promised Erik I'd be right back," Aundy said, moving down the steps.

"I wouldn't mind, honey. You'll catch your death all muddy and cold like you are," Nora said, taking a step toward Aundy. Before Nora could reach out to the wide-eyed girl, she turned and began running down the lane.

Garrett hustled out of the barn on his horse with Tom, one of the ranch hands, following close behind. Stopping at the porch to speak with Nora, Garrett motioned Tom on down the driveway.

"Go on and get the doc and the pastor if he's home," Garrett said then turned his attention to his mother. "I asked Jim to hook up the wagon. Maybe you could bring some blankets and whatever medical supplies you can round up. I don't know what kind of shape we'll find things in, but it might be a help."

"I will, son. Go on, now, and see what you can do. I'll be there as quick as Jim's got the wagon hitched and I'll let your father know where we're going," Nora said, reaching up to pat Garrett's leg.

Garrett hurried his big bay horse down their lane to the road. Caught off guard when he answered his mother's summons, he never expected to see a woman standing on the front step covered in mud from head to toe.

A hat that had probably been the height of current fashion perched on her head like a dead bird and mud-streaked blond hair fell down around her ears, trailing along her back. The dress she wore looked to be finely made, although he doubted she'd ever get all the mud out of the burgundy wool fabric.

He tried not to think about her eyes, the same shade of blue as the sky overhead. Or the fact that she was extraordinarily tall. Under all that mud, he would bet that Erik's new bride was quite striking in appearance. She certainly didn't rattle easily, since she hurried to their house for help even though they were all strangers to her.

Nearing the end of their lane, he spotted Mrs. Erickson doing her best to run in the mud. It sucked at her feet and pulled her off balance, but she continued at a brisk pace. Nudging his horse forward, he watched as she turned and looked at him then came to a stop.

"How about I give you a ride?" Garrett asked, holding out his hand for her to mount behind him.

"I don't want to get you or the horse dirty," Aundy said, shaking her head. "But thank you for the offer."

"Come on, we're wasting time discussing it," Garrett said, wiggling his gloved fingers at her.

Sighing she walked over to the horse and looked up at Garrett, noticing his eyes were the same silvery shade as his mother's. "I've never been on a horse before, so tell me what to do."

Garrett recalled Erik saying his bride-to-be was a city girl, so he offered her an encouraging smile. Noticing her skirt wasn't full enough for her to ride astride, she'd have to sit in front of him although she would, no doubt, think the close proximity to him was highly inappropriate.

"Just put a foot in the stirrup and I'll pull you up." He was impressed that she didn't put up a fuss, instead showing a strong, practical nature when she nodded her head.

Grabbing her left hand to steady her while she gathered her skirts out of the way so she could step into the stirrup, Garrett caught her wince.

"Why didn't you tell me your arm was injured?" he asked, leaning over and grabbing her around the waist, lifting her in front of him. The mud-flecked feather on her bedraggled hat smacked him in the face and he fought the urge to grin.

"It's fine," Aundy said, trying not to gasp at the throbbing in her arm making her feel lightheaded or maybe it was the impropriety of riding across a stranger's lap. With Erik injured, what society deemed proper no longer seemed very important. Holding herself stiffly, she tried not to think about Garrett's arms around her as he urged his horse, Jester, through the mud.

"Sure it is," Garrett said, shaking his head at the woman with an obvious obstinate streak. Studying the road in front of him trying to ignore the feel of a woman held so close to him, he kept an eye out for the wagon. Rounding a little bend, the wagon was hard to miss, turned over in the middle of the road. It was easy to spy Erik trapped under the back of the wagon, his face a ghostly shade of white beneath the mud coating his head.

Stopping Jester, Garrett kicked his feet out of the stirrups and swung a leg over the neck of his horse, dropping to the ground. Before Aundy could figure out how to dismount, Garrett grabbed her around the waist and set her feet on the muddy ground.

"Erik? Can you hear me?" Garrett asked, kneeling by his neighbor and friend. Although Erik was more than ten years his senior, they often talked over the fence about farming, ranching, and life in general. Erik had been a guest at the Nash dinner table many times over the years and they were all pleased for him when he announced he was getting married.

Erik didn't move so Garrett took off his glove and felt along the man's neck, finding a pulse beating there, although it was faint.

"We need to move the wagon," Garrett said, standing while he pulled on his glove. He looked around, expecting to see Erik's team. "Where are the horses?"

"Erik made me unhook them before I went to get you," Aundy said, kneeling next to Erik, holding his head in her lap again. "He said they'd find their way home."

"They're probably already at the barn, waiting to be fed," Garrett said. He had no idea how badly Erik was injured but getting the weight of the wagon off his chest needed to happen immediately. Taking stock of the situation, Garrett noticed for the first time Aundy's trunks scattered on the ground near the wagon. Striding to where they rested in the mud, he picked up the first one and carried it to the back corner of the wagon. He did the same with the second one, placing it next to the first trunk.

"We're going to have to work together to do this, Mrs. Erickson," Garrett said, looking into her scared face. He surmised she was much younger than he first guessed. She wore confidence in an easy manner, but right now she looked very young and frightened.

This was some way to welcome Erik's bride to Pendleton. When she nodded, he motioned her to stand at the end of one of the trunks. "I'm going to lift this corner of the wagon. When I do, you push that trunk beneath it to hold it up then we'll do the same thing with the second trunk. As soon as it's secure, I'll pull Erik out.

Aundy nodded her head, frightened by the thought of the wagon falling back on Erik or trapping Garrett as well.

"Don't you dare use that arm," Garrett said, nodding to her left arm still held tightly against her side. "Get down like this and push with your back and shoulder."

He demonstrated how he wanted her to move the trunks and she got into position, lifting her soggy skirts out of her way as best she could by placing the hem in her injured hand.

Putting all his strength into it, Garrett grunted and strained, finally hefting the corner of the wagon up off the ground high enough the trunk would fit beneath it. "Now!" Garrett said between clenched teeth as he bore the weight of the wagon. Aundy quickly slid the first trunk into place, followed by the second.

Garrett hurried to take Erik by the shoulders and pull him from beneath the wagon.

"Get back from there, please, Mrs. Erickson. I don't know if the trunks will hold it or not and I don't want you to receive any more injuries," Garrett said, pulling Erik a safe distance away.

If Aundy had two good hands to work with, he would have had her pull Erik out from beneath the wagon when he lifted it. Her injured arm, combined with Erik's deadweight, meant there was no possible way she could have moved her husband using one hand, no matter how hard she tried.

Wondering what was keeping his mother and their hired hand, he turned to mount Jester and ride back to the ranch for the wagon when the jingle of harness let him know his mother was approaching.

Jim drove Nora right up to where Garrett and Aundy kept watch over a motionless Erik. Prepared to jump down into the muddy mess, Jim's restraining hand on Nora's arm kept her from leaving her seat. "Just stay here, Mrs. Nash," Jim said, setting the brake and handing her the reins.

"My gracious, Garrett! We've got to get that poor man home," Nora said as Jim and Garrett carefully carried Erik to the back of the wagon and gently laid him on some old blankets Nora had spread in the wagon bed. Jim climbed up to the seat while Garrett tied Jester to the back of the wagon and then swung Aundy into his arms, setting her close to Erik.

Glancing at Garrett, she wasn't certain his behavior was at all appropriate, especially since she was now a married woman. His touch made a jolt zing through her from the top of her head to her mud-covered feet. Surprised by his strength, Aundy thought Garrett acted like she weighed no more than a bag of flour and she knew for a fact she was taller and sturdier than many men.

Cradling her left arm against her chest with her right, Aundy continued her prayers on Erik's behalf as Jim urged the wagon toward Erik's farm. Only by staring intently at her husband's chest could she see it barely rise and fall. That had to be a good sign, at least she hoped it was.

She felt the wagon turn and looked up to see a house in the distance along with a big barn and several outbuildings. While not as big or impressive as the Nash house, Erik had what appeared to be a solid one-story home with a porch across the front and back and a yard with a nice fence. His horses were standing at the barn dragging the reins of the harness behind them, waiting to be relieved of their burden and fed.

Jim pulled the team to a stop at the edge of the front walk and hurried down to help Garrett carry the injured man.

Nora was already out of the wagon and running in the door before Jim and Garrett made it to the porch steps. Aundy trailed along behind, uncertain what she could do to help.

"Bring him in here," Nora called from a room off the large living area.

Heedless to the mud dripping from all their clothes, the men carried Erik into the bedroom and carefully placed him on an oilcloth Nora yanked from the kitchen table.

"That should keep the bedding from being ruined," Nora said, watching as Garrett and Jim removed Erik's boots and the outer layers of his muddy clothing. Erik groaned and though still unconscious, his hands tightened into fists. When he coughed, drops of blood dripped from the corner of his mouth.

Nora grabbed a rag from the basket of supplies she set by the bed and wiped Erik's face. Shaking her head, she left the room and took Aundy along with her while Jim and Garrett removed the rest of Erik's muddy clothes. Stoking up the stove in the kitchen, Nora filled a big pot with water and set it on the stovetop to heat. She returned to the sink and began filling another large pot.

Moving the teakettle to the front to heat faster, she was busy filling a bucket with water when Garrett and Jim came in the room.

"I'm afraid to do too much more until the doc gets here," Garrett said, nodding toward Aundy. "Maybe you can help her get cleaned up, Ma, and then see about setting her arm. Looks to me like it's probably broken."

"What?" Nora asked, spinning around to see Aundy holding her arm, her own face pale and pinched with pain. "Why didn't you say something earlier? I would have set your arm before we ever left my house."

"We need to see to Erik first," Aundy said, feeling her legs grow weak beneath her. "I'll be fine."

"My lands, child," Nora said, taking control of the situation. Gently placing her hand on Aundy's muddy shoulder, she directed her to sit in one of the kitchen chairs. "Garrett, you and Jim take this water and these rags and see what you can do about cleaning Erik. Just be gentle, we don't know what might be injured," Nora said, handing Garrett the bucket full of water while Jim took a stack of rags and a couple of towels.

Aundy began to shiver, whether from the shock or her cold, muddy clothing she didn't know. Sitting white-faced in the chair, she pinched her lips together in an effort to keep from fainting. Other than being knocked out when the wagon wrecked, she didn't plan to lose consciousness again.

Trying to focus her attention on anything other than her arm and Erik lying injured in the other room, she noticed a basket packed with food on the counter. It was most likely the cold supper Erik mentioned Nora prepared.

"It was nice of you to provide supper for us," Aundy said, using her good hand to motion to the basket.

"My pleasure. It's not every day a new bride moves into the neighborhood. Erik was so excited about you coming, he nearly burst his buttons," Nora said, smiling from the sink where she filled yet another kettle then set it on the stove. "We hope you'll enjoy being a part of our Pendleton community. The town is definitely growing and we need good families to help lead it in the right direction."

"I didn't have the opportunity to see much in town, but it looks like you have a nice variety of shops and stores."

"Yes, and if there's something you want that's not available in town, the mercantile can order just about anything," Nora said, deciding Aundy had to have a bath before she could do anything with her arm.

Garrett and Jim returned with a pile of dirty rags and damp towels. Opening the kitchen door, Garrett stepped off the porch and dumped the water on a nearby bush, then rinsed the mud out of the bucket before setting it on the end of the counter.

"How is he?" Nora asked, watching Garrett.

"Same. I think we got most of the mud off. We wiped down the oil cloth and put one of your old blankets over him." Garrett leaned over and whispered something to Nora, causing her to nod her head with a grim expression.

"Fine," Nora said, rolling up the sleeves of her dress. "Can you boys run back down and get Aundy's trunks? She'll need clean clothes to put on and I doubt Erik has anything here fit for her to wear. You better take care of Erik's horses, too. We'll pray the doc shows up soon."

"Yes, Ma," Garrett said, opening the door. "I think Erik gave all the hands orders to stay away from the house the rest of the day, so I don't know that any of them will be around to offer assistance. Once we get the horses cared for, I'll see about rounding them up."

"Good," Nora said, pointing toward the back door, indicating it was time for Garrett to get out of the kitchen.

"Let's get you cleaned up, honey. Garrett helped Erik put in a bathroom recently, once he knew you were coming. Not too many farm wives have indoor plumbing, but Erik wanted to make sure you had every convenience he could provide. He thought it might be hard for you to get used to country life and wanted to do what he could to make you feel at home."

Aundy couldn't speak, thinking of Erik's thoughtfulness. Nodding her head, she tried to blink back her tears.

"I'll go run the water then we'll get you out of those muddy clothes," Nora said, bustling out of the kitchen and down a short hallway. Aundy could hear water running and looked forward to getting out of her filthy clothes and scrubbing away the mud.

Nora returned to the kitchen, carrying one of the old towels she brought from home.

"Take off your muddy clothes, honey, and wrap this around yourself, that way you won't be dragging all the mud along with you," Nora said, setting the towel on the table while Aundy got to her feet and tried unsuccessfully to unbutton her dress with one hand. Nora helped Aundy remove her clothes and wrapped the towel around the girl. Embarrassed to be in need of assistance, and from a complete stranger, Aundy's pink cheeks flamed through the mud splattered on her face.

"Go soak a while and by the time you're ready to get out, the boys should be back with your things," Nora said, pointing toward the bathroom.

Hurrying down the hall, Aundy glanced at her arm, glad to see bone was not poking through the skin. Maybe it was just sprained.

Eyeing the wonderful bathtub, Aundy closed the door behind her and used the old towel to wipe off as much mud as she could before sinking into the steaming water.

Taking a few moments to let the water relax her sore, abused muscles, she continued to send up prayers on Erik's behalf. She couldn't hear what Garrett whispered to Nora, but by the looks on both their faces, it had to be bad. She felt guilty soaking in a tub of hot water with a bar of fragrant rose soap Erik had no doubt purchased for her scenting the air while he lay unmoving in his bed. As soon as she was clean, she'd go sit with him and hold his hand. It was the least she could do.

Trying to wash her hair one-handed, she was relieved when Nora knocked and stuck her head around the door. "Need any help?"

"If you don't mind, I could use some with my hair," Aundy said, looking chagrined.

Smiling, Nora soaped Aundy's hair, keeping up a running conversation while she did so. "Did Erik say you were from Chicago?" Nora asked as she busied herself massaging Aundy's scalp. Aundy didn't think anything had ever felt so good before and closed her eyes.

"Yes, ma'am."

"He said something about you being a seamstress. Is that correct?"

"I worked as a seamstress in a factory that made ready-made clothing. Our mother taught my sister and me to sew when we were quite young."

"Did your sister work in the factory with you?"

Aundy shook her head. "No, thank goodness. Ilsa has a rare talent with a needle. She works for my aunt, creating gowns for some of Chicago's most elite clientele. I would not have allowed her to work in the factory."

"Oh? Why not?" Nora asked, not familiar with what factory work entailed.

"The hours are long, the pay is poor, and the working conditions are less than pleasant," Aundy said, managing to suppress a shudder. Her beautiful, delicate younger sister wouldn't have lasted a week in the factory. Some of the male supervisors weren't above making life miserable for the pretty girls who turned down their attentions. On top of that, the work was backbreaking, sitting in front of a sewing machine for hours on end with insufficient lighting. Aundy never had any problems because she wasn't perceived as one of the young, attractive girls. Instead, she was lumped in with the matrons who largely went unbothered.

Wanting to make a better life for herself, and eventually her sister, Erik offered Aundy the opportunity when he asked her to marry him. Educated, Aundy hadn't been able to secure any suitable work when she found herself desperate to earn an income, which was why she took the job in the factory. Her family needed the money and didn't have the luxury of waiting for a good job to come along.

"Does your sister still work for your aunt?"

"Yes, she does," Aundy said, her tone taking on an edge as she thought about the cruel woman who held her sister's fate in her hands. "I was hoping to eventually bring Ilsa out here to live on the farm. Erik mentioned in one of his letters that he wouldn't mind. He just asked that I wait a few months to give us time to get used to being married. Now, I..."

Nora put a gentle hand on Aundy's head as the girl struggled to keep the tears filling her eyes from rolling down her cheeks. Erik's bride seemed to be a strong, capable girl who took things head-on and without a lot of fuss. She would make any rancher or farmer a good wife, especially someone like Erik who was older and somewhat set in his ways. "Everything will work out just fine, Aundy. Don't you worry."

"Thank you, Nora," Aundy whispered, squeezing the woman's hand in her right one.

Nora laughed as she noticed Aundy's fingers beginning to look shriveled from the water. "Let me see if I can find something for you to wear until Garrett and Jim get back with your clothes. We need to get you out of there before you melt into the water."

Nora hurried off then returned with a warm, flannel robe in a dark shade of blue.

Handing Aundy a towel, Nora turned her back, giving the girl some privacy while she dried off.

"I appreciate you helping me," Aundy said as she pulled on the robe after rubbing herself briskly with a rough towel. A masculine scent clung to the robe and she knew it must belong to Erik.

Watching her struggle to dry her long, blond tresses, Nora took over, using the towel to squeeze out excess water.

A noise from the front room sent Nora hurrying out the door while Aundy waited in the bathroom. She heard the clomping of boots in the hallway, going past the bathroom door and the sound of something heavy being set on the floor in the next room.

The men's footsteps thudded back toward the front door as a knock sounded on the door. Nora opened it and motioned Aundy to follow her to the bedroom next door, where her trunks sat against one wall.

"The boys used some burlap at the barn to get your trunks clean, although I think that one," Nora said, pointing to the trunk with the broken lid, "is sadly beyond saving. I've got your dirty clothes soaking so we can get that nasty mud out of them."

Nora unfastened the straps and latches on the trunks, pushing up the heavy lids and watching as Aundy dug inside, taking out clothes. Noticing the sensible girl chose a dark green dress she could wear without a corset, Nora nodded her approval. Although wrinkled, it was clean and serviceable.

Noticing the fine stitching that made the dress look special, Nora smiled. "Did you or your sister make this dress?"

"Ilsa made it for me. Like I said, she's the one who's talented with a needle. I can run a sewing machine with the best of them, but Ilsa makes things lovely," Aundy said while Nora helped her dress.

Studying the bruising on Aundy's injured arm, Nora didn't like the looks of a knot that formed under the skin. "Where's your hairbrush, honey? I can help you with your hair," Nora asked. Aundy pointed to her bag sitting on top of the broken trunk.

Nora took out the hairbrush and a length of black ribbon. "Come sit here and I'll brush your hair."

Aundy sat in the chair Nora indicated and was quiet while the woman brushed her long hair. Although not curly, it wasn't exactly straight either, and most often took on a life of its own. Nora brushed it until she was satisfied with her efforts then pulled it back and tied a ribbon at Aundy's nape to hold the hair out of her face. Enjoying the experience, Aundy couldn't think of the last time someone brushed her hair for her. It was probably Ilsa back before their parents died.

"Your hair is lovely, honey. So long and thick, and such a pretty color."

"Thank you, ma'am. I appreciate you brushing it for me," Aundy said, getting to her feet and digging in her trunk for a pair of slippers. Sliding them on, her cold toes instantly felt warmer. "May I sit with Erik, please?"

"Certainly," Nora said, smiling at Aundy and patting the girl's cheek. Traveling across the country to marry a man she'd never met had to be frightening. To have the horses spook and wreck the wagon before they even got home from the wedding must be terrifying. She was very impressed with Erik's bride, especially when she didn't complain about her arm hurting though it clearly had to.

Walking down the hall together, Aundy looked up when Garrett opened the front door. "Ma, I thought..." Garrett said, but lost his ability to focus as he noticed Aundy, clean and fresh with her blond hair hanging in golden streamers down her back.

"You thought what, son?"

"Um... I... we might need a couple of sticks for a splint for Mrs. Erickson's arm," Garrett said, handing Nora two thin but sturdy sticks as he suddenly remembered why he'd come into the house. He hadn't counted on Erik's bride being so young, tall, or attractive. Giving himself a mental shake, Garrett reminded himself the woman was married to one of his very good friends.

"I was hoping to wait until the doctor arrives, but maybe we should go ahead and set it," Nora said, eyeing Aundy's arm.

"I can wait," Aundy said, not anxious to have anything done to her arm. She'd seen plenty of accidents at the factory. It was going to hurt like everything to pull her arm back into place, if that was, in fact, what needed to happen.

Still carrying the sticks, Nora led the way to Erik's bedroom where he rested pale and unmoving on the bed.

Aundy stood at the door, listening to his labored breathing. His chest rattled with every effort he made to draw in air. Although a blanket covered him to his waist, she could see Nora tried to bandage the multiple scrapes and open wounds that were bleeding. A red spot soaking through the blanket on his thigh indicated more wounds. Aundy hoped the doctor would soon arrive.

Walking to the bed, she gratefully sank down on the chair Garrett placed behind her and picked up Erik's hand.

"Erik, it's Aundy," she said, lightly rubbing her fingers on the back of Erik's hand. Garrett and Jim did a good job of removing the mud from Erik. Even his fingers were clean and he smelled faintly of soap. "Please wake up. Please?"

Aundy felt a hand on her right shoulder and lifted a teary gaze to meet Nora's. Nora nodded her head, indicating Aundy should keep talking to Erik.

"If you'd told me you were going to plan so much excitement for my first day here, I might not have been so willing to come," Aundy said, trying to add a touch of humor to her voice. "Next time, I'd appreciate a little warning before the horses run off like that, if you please. I'd at least take off my best hat before it ended up looking like a plucked chicken."

Garrett chuckled and, taking his mother's arm, pulled her out of the room.

"Let's leave her be until the doc comes," Garrett whispered as he and Nora went back to the kitchen. Jim rode out on Jester to see if he could find any of Erik's hands. The ranch foreman, an older man everyone called Dent, didn't usually get too far from the home place.

Nora was making a cup of tea for Aundy when they heard the jingle of harness. Garrett greeted the doctor and pastor at the door. Tom was already taking the doctor's buggy and horse to Erik's barn for a little feed and rest after the trip out to the farm. The sun was nearly set and the night looked like it would be dark and cold.

"Garrett," the doctor said, as he removed his coat and hat, hanging them on the hall tree near the front door. "Tom wasn't sure what happened, just there had been an accident."

"Erik's horses spooked, flipped the wagon over on him," Garrett said as the pastor shook his hand and followed the doctor to Erik's bedroom. "This is Aundy, Erik's bride. We think she's got a broken arm, but haven't been able to talk her into letting us set it yet."

"Mrs. Erikson, it's nice to meet you, although I'd prefer to have done so under other circumstances. I'm Doctor Reed, but everyone calls me Doc," the doctor said, setting his bag on the end of Erik's bed and rummaging inside. When she got to her feet, the doctor, who was a few inches shorter than Aundy, looked at her in surprise.

"Thank you for coming," she said, stepping aside so the doctor could get close to Erik.

Pastor Whitting put his hand on Aundy's shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. "Why don't we wait in the front room while Doc takes a look at Erik. Garrett will help him."

Aundy nodded her head and followed the pastor to the front room where Nora was setting down a tray laden with cups of tea and a plate of sandwiches. Accepting a cup, Aundy sipped the flavorful brew while sitting in a comfortable armchair. For the first time, she noticed the nicely furnished room, done in shades of brown and tan. Although masculine, the space was inviting and welcome heat filled the room from a large fireplace.

Pastor Whitting and Nora chatted while Aundy sat waiting for the bedroom door to open and the doctor to give her some good news.

Since she realized Erik was hurt, a gnawing sense of foreboding clawed at her mid-section and filled her with dread. She had no idea what she would do if something happened to Erik. He wasn't just a man who'd sent for a mail-order bride. Through their letters, he had become a friend. One she cared for even if she couldn't profess to love him.

When the door opened and the doctor stepped out, followed by a grim-face Garrett, Aundy set her cup on the low table in front of her and got to her feet.

"Mrs. Erikson, perhaps you should sit down," the doctor said, taking her right hand in his. When she shook her head, looking at him wide-eyed and fearful, he took a deep breath. "I'm terribly sorry, but Erik isn't going to make it."

Chapter Three

Garrett watched Aundy's face turn white and her knees give way as she sank onto the chair behind her. Hearing her quick intake of breath, he saw her pinch her lips together, like she was trying to hold back her grief.

The pastor stepped beside her, awkwardly patting her shoulder while the doctor took the chair next to hers.

"I wish I had better news for you, Mrs. Erickson, but the accident crushed several vital organs and resulted in internal damage that is beyond healing. Erik's lungs are filling with liquid and soon he won't be able to breathe. In addition, his right leg is broken, but I'm not going to put him through the agony of resetting it," Doc said, rubbing a weary hand over his tired eyes. "I don't know how long Erik will linger, but considering his injuries, I would think no more than a day or two. I've given him some medication, to help with the pain, but that's about all anyone can do at this point."

"I see," Aundy said, looking at the doctor with unshed tears in her eyes and unasked questions she was afraid to voice.

"I don't have the supplies with me to put a cast on your arm tonight, but we can splint it until I get back out here in the morning. I'll bring more medicine for Erik," Doc said, reaching over and carefully examining Aundy's broken arm. Looking up at Garrett, the doctor knew from experience the pastor was practically useless when it came to medical situations. "I'm going to need some help setting this. Shall we do it in the kitchen?"

"Certainly," Nora said, getting to her feet, leading the way to the kitchen where she still had water boiling on the stove.

Garrett retrieved the doctor's bag from Erik's bedroom and set it down on the kitchen table. The doctor washed his hands at the sink while Nora handed the pastor a cup of coffee. He took a seat at the far end of the table while the doctor motioned Aundy to take a seat on the opposite end. Pushing her sleeve high above her elbow, the doctor more thoroughly probed her skin, determining that she had a clean break to the bone that should heal fine, once they got it back into place.

"Mrs. Erikson, I..." the doctor started to say, interrupted by the woman whose arm he held in his hands.

"Please, call me Aundy," she requested, looking up at the doctor with eyes that held determination and strength.

"Aundy," Doc said, nodding his head as he placed her arm on a stack of towels Nora set on the table. "This is going to hurt and if you need to scream, just go right ahead."

"That won't be necessary," Aundy said, hoping she didn't embarrass herself.

Scooting back in the chair, Garrett observed Aundy grasp the edge of the table in her good hand and brace her leg against the table. He would help hold her shoulder while Doc set her arm. Nora had the splints and bandages at hand, ready for Doc to wrap her arm while Pastor Whitting excused himself to sit with Erik.

"Ready?" Doc asked, waiting for Aundy's nod. "Okay. On the count of three. One, two..."

The doctor pulled on two and Garrett felt Aundy tense at the painful tugging. To her credit, she didn't scream or even cry. Garrett wanted to yell for her when he helped the doctor pull the broken bone back into place, but she just pressed her lips together and gripped her right hand against the edge of the kitchen table so tightly her fingers turned white.

"Good lands, honey, I'd have been bawling and screaming my head off," Nora said with a smile. As the doctor wrapped the broken arm with the splints, Nora placed a steaming cup of fragrant tea in front of Aundy.

Reaching for the tea, Aundy wasn't sure it would stay down and instead took a deep breath, followed by another. She wanted to scream and shout, maybe even throw something at how bad her arm hurt, but she'd learned long ago to quietly accept what had to be done and go on.

"Will it hurt her more to cast the arm tomorrow?" Garrett asked, feeling pity for Aundy. She took having her arm set better than most men he knew could have handled it, convinced it had to hurt. He'd broken his arm once when he was a kid and he screamed like Lucifer himself was putting on the cast when the doctor set it.

"No. The worst of it is over. I'd leave it like this, but something tells me Aundy isn't one to sit idly by for the next six weeks or so while it heals. A cast will protect it and give her more mobility. I think the best thing you can do is eat some dinner and get some rest. I'll be back early in the morning," the doctor said, gathering up his supplies and gulping down the cup of coffee Nora handed him. Walking to the front of the house, he checked on Erik then put on his hat and coat.

Garrett ran out to the barn to get the doctor's horse and buggy.

"Thank you for coming," Aundy said, standing with Nora's arm around her waist. Although she'd only just met the woman, Aundy appreciated the familiar and comforting gesture. "And for splinting my arm."

"You're welcome," Doc said, looking kindly at Erik's wife. Pastor Whitting told him she was fresh off the train when Erik brought her in so they could wed. The farmer had talked of little else for weeks, since Aundy agreed to be his bride and travel to Pendleton. It was such a tragedy for their newly married life to end so harshly before it ever started. "Try and rest. There isn't a thing you can do to help Erik, so get some sleep."

"Yes, sir," Aundy said, knowing she couldn't sleep with Erik lying so injured, broken and alone, in another room. The least she could do was sit with him. No one else needed to know if she did that instead of slept in one of the other beds.

"Aundy, I'm so sorry at the way things have gone this afternoon, but remember God has plans for our good, even when it might not seem like it at the time," Pastor Whitting said, giving Aundy's back a gentle pat as he said his goodbyes. "Erik's a good man, a good Christian, so don't you worry about him."

"Thank you," Aundy whispered, unable to look at the pastor for fear the tears burning the backs of her eyes would escape and roll down her cheeks. Biting her tongue to keep a sob from escaping, Aundy felt Nora gently squeeze her waist, making it even harder to hold back her tears.

"I'll return tomorrow with the doctor," Pastor Whitting said, tipping his hat. "Rest well."

Aundy lifted her head long enough to watch him walk out the door, then felt Nora lead her to a chair by the fire.

"Why don't you sit and rest and I'll bring you a plate of food," Nora said, adding another log to the fire. The warmth the sun added to the day dissipated when the evening settled in, leaving behind a cold, black night.

"I don't think I could eat," Aundy said, staring into the flames, trying to understand why a good man like Erik was lying in the other room near death. Beyond that, Aundy wondered what she would do. She absolutely wouldn't allow herself to think of returning to Chicago. There was no future there for her. None whatsoever.

"Yes, you can and you will. Anyone who's been through what you've been through today without breaking down into hysterics can manage a little supper," Nora said, nodding her head for emphasis as she left the room.

Hearing the front door open, Aundy looked up to see Garrett walk into the house, rubbing his hands to ward off the evening chill. "You might as well do as she says because she always gets her way," Garrett said with a teasing smile, giving Aundy a conspiratorial wink.

"I heard that," Nora called from the kitchen.

Garrett grinned, stepping closer to the fire and holding out his hands to the warmth. "I can stay and sit with Erik if you like or Ma will. You don't need to be here alone."

"I'll be fine," Aundy said, accepting the plate Nora held out to her, along with another cup of tea that Nora set on the small table near Aundy's chair. At this rate, she might float away before the Garrett and Nora went home for the evening. "I don't know how to thank either of you for all you've done today. You've both been so kind and..."

When Aundy's voice broke, Garrett felt an unfamiliar tug in the region of his heart. The girl had been so strong and stoic throughout the entire day's ordeal. He knew she had to be exhausted, frightened, and overcome by all that had happened on a day that should have been filled with love, happiness, and celebration.

"Don't give it another thought. That's what neighbors are for," he said, stepping away from the fire and Aundy as he picked up his mother's coat and held it for her.

"Pops will think we've abandoned him since we've been gone so long. We best get home. I sent Jim and Tom home earlier to oversee the chores, but it's getting late," Garrett said, picking up his mother's basket of medical supplies as well as the gloves he thought were in his coat pocket when he went outside earlier.

"I didn't even think to call your father and let him know what was happening," Nora said, pointing toward the kitchen. "If you need anything, Aundy, anything at all, you pick up the phone and ask to be connected to the Nash family. We'll be back to check on you in the morning."

"Thank you," Aundy said, starting to get up from her chair, but Nora waved her back down.

"Try to sleep, honey, and don't worry. We'll be praying for both you and Erik," Nora said, then was out the door in a swish of her lavender skirts.

Setting the plate on her lap, Aundy took a bite of the food and found that she was hungry, after all. Cleaning her plate, she slowly drank her tea, lost in her sadness.

Traveling all the way across the country to marry Erik, her tired mind refused to register the thought that he was going to die. The doctor had to be wrong. Maybe Erik just needed a good night's sleep. Maybe he'd wake up tomorrow and be fine. Maybe she'd wake up tomorrow and everything would just be a dream, and she'd find herself to be nineteen again, engaged to Gunther, and looking forward to a life with her beloved.

Sighing, Aundy got to her feet, put her empty cup on her plate and carried them both to the kitchen. It was awkward to wash them one-handed, but she managed. She didn't take time to examine her new home. Instead, she walked back to Erik's room and nudged the chair she'd sat in earlier close to the side of the bed.

Gingerly taking Erik's hand in her own, she held it on her lap, rubbing the back of it with her right hand. Her left arm ached and throbbed and she was sure a multitude of bruises would show up tomorrow, but she ignored the pain and her discomfort, instead feeling sorrow for the man who had offered her a new home, a new life.

His breathing sounded shallow and raspy in his chest, but at least he continued taking one breath after another. His arm felt cool, so Aundy carefully slid it under the covers and reached up to smooth the hair back from his forehead.

Seeing a Bible on his nightstand, Aundy turned up the wick in the lamp and pulled the leather-bound book to her lap. Opening to one of her favorite Psalms, she started reading.

An hour later, she realized she really should either go to bed or find a more comfortable chair. Turning down the lamp, she set the Bible where she found it.

Unwilling to leave Erik alone, lest he should awaken or need her, she decided since they were technically married it would be okay for her to sleep on the other side of his bed. It had more than enough room for two people to rest comfortably and she was so tired.

Finding a quilt in a trunk in the corner of the room, she slowly stretched out on the bed, mindful of not disturbing Erik, and spread the quilt over the top of her. Turning on her right side, she closed her eyes, planning to take a short nap.

Awakening to the sound of footsteps on the porch, Aundy tried to remember where she was. Opening her eyes, she looked around an unfamiliar room, taking in a chest of drawers, a nightstand and a small closet.

Rolling onto her back, her arm felt heavy and she lifted it, surprised to see it bandaged with splints.

Her dream was real, not just a nightmare that would disappear with the morning light.

Sitting up, she noticed Erik looked just as pale and still as he had when she'd fallen asleep.

Swinging her legs over the edge of the bed, she tossed the quilt onto the trunk where she'd found it and walked into the front room. Noises from the kitchen drew her that direction and she wasn't surprised to see Nora taking food out of a basket and setting it on the table.

"Mornin', honey. You were sleeping so soundly when we came in, I told Garrett to keep the hands from banging on the door and waking you," Nora said, walking over and giving Aundy a gentle hug.

"Thank you," Aundy said, feeling worse than she did the night before.

"Do you think you could eat a little something?" Nora asked, as she took cups from the cupboard and set about making tea.

Knowing food was Nora's way of reaching out and helping, Aundy nodded her head. Eating a bite or two would make the woman happy and after all her kindness, Aundy wouldn't deny her that.

Nodding her head, Aundy sat down at the table while Nora slid a plate with two muffins in front of her. A jar of jam and a bowl of butter appeared and Nora cut open the muffins, slathering them with both.

Putting a cup of hot tea beside Aundy's plate, Nora waited while the girl bowed her head over her meal and gave thanks, then sat sipping her own cup of tea quietly.

Eating both muffins, Aundy realized Nora was a wonderful cook and appreciated the good food as it filled the empty hollows in her stomach.

"You'll no doubt have a lot of people trooping through here today. How about I iron a dress for you and we see about pinning your hair up?" Nora asked, rinsing the few dishes and putting them away.

"People?" Aundy asked, getting to her feet. Her head felt fuzzy and she was having trouble paying attention to what Nora was saying. Blinking her eyes, she regained control of her focus and looked at the older woman. "What people?"

"Doc and Pastor Whitting for starters," Nora said, setting an iron on the stove to heat. "The hands will all want to come meet you and see Erik. Pay their respects."

Aundy didn't feel up to dealing with anyone today, but she would put on a fresh dress, allow Nora to help with her hair, and accept whatever the day would bring.

Going to the bedroom where Garrett and Jim left her things, she chose a dress and left it on the bed then gathered a few necessities and went to the bathroom. Returning to the bedroom, the dress was gone so she wandered to the kitchen where Nora was pressing out the last of the wrinkles.

"Your sister does such beautiful work," Nora said as she ironed the hem of the gown and then held it out to admire.

"She is good at what she does," Aundy said, missing her sister and wishing she could talk to her about what was happening.

"Let's get this lovely thing on you and see what I can do with your hair," Nora said, walking toward the room Aundy was using. With her dress on and her hair combed, she felt more like herself.

Standing in front of a big cheval mirror, Aundy decided she looked presentable and respectable. Her pale blue and cream gown was one of her best dresses and Nora had managed to pile all her hair on her head in the popular poufy Gibson girl style, leaving some soft tendrils to fall around her face and neck.

She truly didn't care about her appearance today, but for Erik's sake, she would stand straight and tall, speak softly and kindly, and honor him in every way she could. Although they'd had to leave her sleeve unbuttoned to fit over her broken arm, Aundy hoped it wouldn't draw too much attention.

"Goodness, honey, you certainly look lovely. Blue is most definitely your color," Nora said, admiring how nice Aundy looked. The girl was modest and humble when it came to her appearance, not seeming to realize how her height combined with her figure and the confident way she carried herself would be sure to turn a few heads. Her crown of golden hair, sky-blue eyes and creamy skin would make people take notice of her.

Aundy turned a tear-filled gaze at Nora and offered the kind woman a small smile. If Nora kept being so nice to her, she'd have Aundy in tears. Reaching out, Aundy squeezed Nora's hand and nodded her head.

"I don't know what to do or where to start today," Aundy admitted as she and Nora returned to the kitchen. Nora put a big pot of water on to boil and made more coffee.

"Why don't you..." Nora was cut off by a sharp knock at the kitchen door. Opening it, she smiled and welcomed in Erik's foreman.

"Dent, this is Erik's bride, Aundy," Nora said, motioning toward the tall, blond girl standing by the table. "Aundy, this is Dent. He's worked here for years and years, back when Erik's folks were still with us."

"It's nice to meet you, Mr. Dent," Aundy said, mustering a smile for Erik's foreman. The man was shorter than Aundy, but had kind brown eyes. Whiskers covered his weathered face, but he approached her respectfully and Aundy appreciated the way he took off his hat and tipped his head her direction.

"It's just Dent, ma'am. No mister is necessary. I'm right pleased to meet you. Erik has been so excited about you coming, he could hardly stand the wait until you got here," Dent said, running his hand through his thick brown hair, sprinkled with liberal doses of gray. "We're all happy to have you here."

"Thank you," Aundy said, feeling tears burn the backs of her eyes again.

"Garrett told us about the accident yesterday and what the doc said. I'm mighty sorry to hear about it. Mighty sorry," Dent said, nervously twirling his hat around in his hands. "If there's anything we can do to help you settle in, you let me know."

"I will," Aundy said, trying to swallow down the lump in her throat. She was not someone given to emotional displays and usually managed to keep her feelings on a tight rein, but today was going to be a challenge.

"May I see him?" Dent asked, looking from the kitchen in the direction of the front room.

"Certainly," Aundy said, nodding her head as Dent walked out of the room.

"He's a good man, honey. If you need anything, you just let Dent know. He'll take care of you," Nora said, adding pieces of stew meat and vegetables to a pot of boiling water. "I thought I'd make up a big pot of stew. No telling how many might be here to eat today and this will feed a good crowd."

The doctor and pastor arriving prevented Aundy from dwelling on the thought of the house filling with company.

Checking on Erik, the doctor brought his bag to the kitchen and set out the supplies for casting Aundy's arm. Nora volunteered to help while the pastor returned to sit with Dent in Erik's room, taking along a tray Nora prepared with coffee and muffins.

Once the cast was in place, Aundy sat with it resting on the table, waiting for the plaster to harden. Asking the doctor what she could and couldn't do with her arm, he was giving her detailed instruction when Garrett walked in the door followed by a man he introduced as Erik's attorney, Mitchell Lawry.

"I asked Mitch to stop by today and give you some papers," Doc said, leaning back in his chair and eating his second muffin.

The papers he referred to turned out to be Erik's will, leaving everything he owned to Aundy.

"He came in last week and had these drawn up. They're legal and binding, in the event of his death. Doc and Pastor Whitting thought you'd want to know sooner rather than later that Erik provided for you," Mitch said, taking a drink of the coffee Nora handed him. "You'll see copies of his investments, holdings, bank statement. It's all there."

"Thank you for bringing this out," Aundy said, tapping the stack of papers with her fingers. "I appreciate it so much."

"My pleasure, Mrs. Erickson. Your husband is a smart businessman and a good friend," Mitch said, finishing his coffee and getting to his feet. "If there is anything I can do to help you, just let me know."

Grateful for the presence of Nora on one side of her and Garrett on the other, Aundy stared at the rain-soaked grave that swallowed Erik's coffin as two men slowly lowered it into the hole.

Unable to concentrate on the words Pastor Whitting was saying, Aundy fought back her tears as she stood ramrod straight, heedless to the achingly cold wind and frigid rain falling on the large gathering at the cemetery.

Although Erik had no family, the number of people attending his service indicated he was rich in friends.

If his kindness to her through his letters and the things he had done in preparation for her arrival attested to his character, Erik would leave behind a legacy of a good, thoughtful man who put others ahead of himself.

Lingering for three long days, the doctor kept Erik medicated so he didn't feel pain, but it also prevented him from being lucid.

Sitting next to his bed, holding his hand in hers, Aundy was reading passages aloud he'd underlined in his Bible when she felt pressure on her fingers. Looking over, she was surprised to see Erik's pain-filled eyes staring at her.

"Aundy," he whispered in a raspy breath. "I'm sorry."

"Erik, don't be sorry. Don't worry. Everything will be fine," Aundy said, smiling as tears rolled down her cheeks.

"You're a good wife," Erik said, weakly. "Thank you for coming."

"You're a wonderful husband, Erik. Thank you for marrying me, for providing for me. I can't thank you enough for all you've done."

"Glad to do it," Erik said, closing his eyes and drifting off. He drew his last breath a few hours later.

Mourning a life cut short and the loss of her dreams, Aundy grieved for the life she and Erik would have built together as she stood at her husband's graveside.

Thinking of other funerals, other lives that ended too soon, she felt a sob wrack her shoulders and pressed her lips together to keep it from escaping.

Nora, who stood to her right, found her hand and squeezed her fingers, trying to share comfort and strength.

Aundy felt like she was beyond comforting. She was tired of death, tired of mourning, tired of life taking such unexpected and unpleasant turns.

Two years earlier, her father and fiance, her beloved Gunther, died when the trench they were digging for a new water line collapsed and buried them, along with three other men. By the time the company they worked for dug them out, only one of the men survived. After their funerals, Aundy's mother took to her bed and died a month later.

Struggling to keep her family together, Aundy's younger siblings looked to her for strength and guidance. Ilsa was only fifteen at the time and Lars was eighteen. He ran away a few weeks later, leaving his sisters a note saying he was off to make his way in the world and not to worry about him.

Trying to deal with so much loss in such a short time, Aundy threw herself into looking for a job, applying for secretarial and teaching positions, but found it impossible to secure anything due to her lack of experience. Desperate for work, she took the job as a seamstress at the factory. She managed to keep their apartment for a while before she had to let it go.

Ilsa agreed to work for their aunt in her dress shop. Aunt Louisa would provide room and board, promising to pay Ilsa a dollar a week for her work and allow her access to all her scrap fabrics to use as she wished. Although both girls thought Louisa was harsh and mean-spirited, it was a better alternative for Ilsa than factory work.

Packing up the belongings they absolutely couldn't part with, Ilsa took most of them with her to Aunt Louisa's while Aundy kept a few heirlooms and moved into a boarding house near the factory. She helped cook and clean in the mornings and evenings in trade for her room and board, saving every penny she could, hoping someday life would improve.

Bone-tired and dispirited after a miserable day at work, finding Erik's ad had been like discovering a ray of light on a pitch-black night.

Thinking she had found a way to not only better her future but also Ilsa's, Aundy's hopes and dreams were once again in tatters, along with her heart.

Swiping at the tears she could no longer hold back, mingling with raindrops on her cheeks, Aundy nodded at Pastor Whitting as he finished the service and looked her direction.

"Come on, honey, let's get you out of this rain," Nora said, steering Aundy in the direction of their canopy-topped surrey. Numbly, she followed Nora and accepted Garrett's help into the back seat.

His father, J.B., sat on the front seat, unable to walk in the mud to the graveside service, but wanting to pay his respects to his neighbor and friend.

Thrown by his horse the previous year, the injuries to J.B.'s back and leg had been so severe, he'd spent months in bed, unable to move. Recently, he'd shown improvement, getting up and walking short distances with the help of a cane.

Garrett, who moved to Portland after graduating from college, wanted to experience life in a bigger city while working for an agriculture export company. Learning of his father's accident, he hurried home to take over management of the ranch and decided to stay.

Helping Nora into the surrey next to Aundy, Garrett sat beside his father and picked up the reins to the team, wishing there was something he could say or do to ease the worry and sorrow he read on the young widow's face.

She'd proven repeatedly in the last few days that she was tough and resilient. Aundy barely left Erik's side as he lingered after the accident, holding his hand and reading aloud to him for hours until her voice grew hoarse.

Garrett and Nora, along with Dent, took turns staying in the house, making themselves available if Aundy should need them. There seemed to be a steady stream of visitors, coming to pay their respects as news of the accident traveled throughout the community.

Fortunately, their mean-spirited and conniving neighbor Marvin Tooley was out of town. Garrett hated to think what sort of trouble the man would stir up for Aundy once he arrived home and heard the news of Erik passing on to glory.

Admiring his newly widowed neighbor for her inner fortitude and bravery, Garrett wished he knew something he could do or say to make her feel better. It would take time for her to get used to living in a new place, for her heart and arm to heal, and for life to move forward.

Looking behind him, Garrett watched as she brushed at her cheeks with a handkerchief already soggy from both the rain and her tears. Taking a snowy-white square from his pocket, he reached behind him, handing it to her.

"Thank you," Aundy said, between sniffles.

Nora patted her shoulder and wiped at her own tears.

"The ladies from church fixed a nice lunch," Nora said, as Garrett stopped the horses in front of the church. "We'll eat and let everyone express their condolences then take you home."

Aundy nodded her head, knowing whether she wanted to or not, she was going to have to draw on every reserve of strength she possessed and get through the next few hours.

Losing Gunther had shattered her heart, watching Erik die had pierced her spirit. As she followed Nora into the church, she knew love or marriage would never be part of her future.

She couldn't bear the thought of going through this sort of pain and anguish again.

Chapter Four

Sitting at the kitchen table, drinking a cup of tea as she stared out the window, Aundy released a deep sigh.

A week ago, she smiled and graciously accepted all the condolences from Erik's neighbors and friends as they laid him to rest. Nora or Garret, along with Dent, checked on her daily to make sure she was fine and Doc had been by once to look at her arm.

Rising from the table, Aundy wandered through the house, admiring the gleaming china in the cupboard in the dining room. Nora told her it belonged to Erik's mother, and now her. She loved the dainty blue flowers on the creamy porcelain background and wondered if she'd ever feel like it was truly hers to use.

Walking into the front room, she looked around at the comfortable furnishings, purchased new by Erik when she agreed to marry him. Nora said Erik hired someone in town to make the curtains and throw pillows that finished the room.

Thinking about all the effort Erik went to on her behalf, all the money he spent to make sure she felt comfortable and welcome, was almost more than she could comprehend. Erik had been a generous and caring man.

Glancing at the closed door of what had been Erik's room, Aundy couldn't bring herself to venture inside, not when losing him was still so fresh. Turning back toward the kitchen, she walked down the hall to her bedroom.

According to what Nora shared with her, Erik and Garrett finished the room just a few weeks before her arrival. Wanting to make things as nice as possible for his bride, Erik added a large bedroom next to the newly constructed bathroom. Although he hadn't moved his belongings into the room, it was clear he intended it to be the bedroom they shared.

Looking around the bedroom, she took in the big bed with a soft mattress, the rich, cherry wood furniture, and a large closet designed for two.

A padded rocking chair sat by the window and Aundy noticed the sunlight streaming through the lace curtains covering the glass. A small table next to the chair held an oil lamp and a stack of books, making a cozy place to sit and read.

With Nora's help, her trunks had been unpacked, her belongings put away, and Garrett hauled the empty trunks out to the attic of a storage shed near the barn.

Thoughts of Garrett made Aundy's stomach flutter with a nervous feeling that left her unsettled, so she pushed them aside.

Leaving the big bedroom, Aundy wandered into the third bedroom that had obviously belonged to Erik's parents. A photo of a handsome couple sat on the dresser and their clothes still hung in the closet.

Wishing she knew more about Erik's family, Aundy returned to the kitchen where additional evidence of her husband's thoughtfulness and care was evident in the shiny new cook stove, a refrigerator, and the new silverware he purchased just for her. Out on the back porch she'd found a new washing machine that would be a huge help for doing laundry once Aundy could use both hands.

Rinsing out her teacup, Aundy wiped the already clean counter. Tired of sitting around the house, wondering what to do, she was ready to move forward as the owner of Erik's farm. It had taken her a week to get used to the idea of owning it and the fact that Erik was truly gone.

Grief still weighed heavy on her heart. Although she didn't know Erik intimately, she knew enough about him to realize she had lost a friend. Someone who would have cherished her, cared for her, and supported her even if love never filled either of their hearts.

It was no secret to her people were wondering what she planned to do with the farm. Returning to Chicago was out of the question. What she really wanted to do was stay and pick up where Erik left off. She might even succeed, because she was just stubborn enough to try and determined enough not to quit.

Aundy had no intention of selling and just as soon as she figured out what she was doing, she planned to send for Ilsa.

Between the two of them, Aundy knew they could make a go of things. At least after she got the cast off her arm and regained full use of both hands. Limited as she was, she could barely comb her hair and dress herself each day.

Nora asked her to stay with them until her arm healed, but Aundy felt like she'd already taken so much from the Nash family. Erik said they were good people and he'd been correct in that statement.

Aundy didn't know what she would have done without Garrett and Nora's support and guidance since she arrived in Pendleton. J.B. had been a comfort as well, although he was unable to do much more than offer encouragement and words of wisdom.

In the past few days, Aundy had read all the documents Erik's attorney gave her multiple times. Erik had truly left her everything he owned.

Relieved the farm was doing well and there was money in the bank, Aundy knew if she lived frugally, even if she never made another penny in income, she'd survive.

Knowing how hard Erik worked to make his farm prosperous, though, Aundy wasn't content to sit by and do nothing. She wanted to finish what Erik and his parents started, as a way of honoring him, of thanking him, for offering her hope and a future.

Hating the tears that stung her eyes at thoughts of Erik, Aundy hastily wiped them away when a knock sounded at the kitchen door. Pulling it open, Aundy smiled at Dent standing on the step, hat in his hand.

"Morning, Missy," Dent said. He started calling her Missy somewhere between the first day they met and Erik's funeral service. Since he was old enough to be her grandfather and had been nothing but kind, Aundy didn't mind.

"Good morning, Dent. How are you today?"

"Fair to middlin', but I can't complain," he said, stepping inside when Aundy motioned for him to come in.

"May I make you a cup of coffee?" Aundy asked, knowing Dent preferred it to the tea she liked to drink.

"No, thank you. I...um..." Dent said, waiting for Aundy to sit at the kitchen table before taking a seat. "The fellas are wondering what your plans are for the place."

"Plans? For the farm?" Aundy asked, wanting to make sure she understood what Dent was asking.

"Yes, ma'am. They want to know if you're gonna sell it or keep it. We're all a little curious as to what exactly you're gonna do. It's almost calving time and Erik usually hired on more help as we headed into spring. We're shorthanded without him as it is and we really need to hire some help if you're of a mind to keep the farm going."

Dent worked for Erik's parents for years, then for Erik when his folks passed away. He could run the farm with his eyes closed, but there were some young bucks on the payroll who didn't like the notion of a woman being in charge.

Getting to know Erik's bride, Dent thought the girl had spirit and sense, a combination he greatly admired.

"I see," Aundy said, taking a breath and looking Dent in the eye. No time like the present to put her thoughts into action. "I have no intention of selling the farm, Dent. My plans are to continue where Erik left off. Obviously, I have a wealth of information to learn, but I'm willing and able. At least I will be as soon as my arm heals. I was hoping you could teach me what I need to know about the livestock and crops and such."

"That's a lot to learn in a short time, Missy," Dent said, looking at Aundy. He was glad she was staying, even if it was going to annoy some of the men in the area to have a woman running the place. "I'm happy to help you learn, but I've also got to be out there supervising the rest of the men. Maybe Garrett and J.B. could be of assistance with some of that learning. Between the three of us, we can teach you what you need to know."

"Oh, well, I don't want to be a bother to anyone," Aundy said, thinking she'd already monopolized enough of Garrett's time. Besides, she found it hard to concentrate when he was near. Her thoughts grew tangled in his silvery gaze, engaging smile, dark hair, and broad shoulders.

"It won't be a bother," Dent said, getting to his feet and walking to the door. "Come out to the barn after lunch and you can have a lesson in getting to know the horses."

"Okay. I will," Aundy said, smiling at the foreman who was quickly becoming a friend. Dent was hardworking and loyal, and right now that was more than she dared hope to have.

"Use that telephone thing and call Mrs. Nash. She'll let you know if Garrett has time to help with your lessons or not. And tell her you need to learn to shoot while you're at it. There's plenty of varmints, both two and four-legged, you need to learn to take out if they pose any danger."

Aundy looked at him with wide blue eyes as he tipped his head, slapped on his hat and hurried out the door.

She'd never even held a gun in her hand before, but she supposed if she wanted to become a true Westerner, she'd have to put aside her fears and embrace her new lifestyle.

Sitting down at the desk in the front room, Aundy wrote a long letter to her sister, describing what had transpired in the last week and asking Ilsa to come to Pendleton as soon as possible. Knowing spring balls and parties would keep demand for her aunt's creations high, she assumed Ilsa probably wouldn't be able to get away anytime in the near future.

Finishing the letter, Aundy picked up a book on animal husbandry she began reading days ago. The information in the book made her take stock of how much she really needed to learn. Absorbing a chapter at a time, she was feeling a little more confident in her abilities to be a help on the farm.

Making herself a simple lunch of bread and jam with a slice of cheese, Aundy tried to eat slowly, taking time to savor another cup of tea.

Washing her plate and cup, she wiped the table, glanced at the clock and started out the door when the phone jangled on the wall.

The sound still startled her even though she should be used to it by now. It seemed at least one person called every day, whether it was Nora, the doctor, or Pastor Whitting.

"Hello," Aundy said, speaking into the phone on the kitchen wall.

"Aundy, dear, how are you today?" Nora asked in her usual cheery voice.

"I'm fine, Nora. How are things at the ranch?"

"Wonderful. Our first two calves dropped last night. You should come over and see them," Nora said, realizing Aundy probably wouldn't know what she meant. "That means two of our cows had their babies."

"Thank you for clarifying," Aundy said, the smile on her face evident in her voice. "I didn't think you'd really drop the calves."

Nora giggled and chatted a few minutes, then invited Aundy to come for supper.

"I've more than worn out my welcome with you all," Aundy said, reluctant to impose further on the Nash family. "You've done so much for me already."

"Oh, that's a bunch of flapdoodle," Nora said. "Now, I'm going to have someone bring you over for supper and you can spend the evening before we take you back home. You know you're welcome to spend the night."

"No, Nora. I just couldn't," Aundy said, noticing Dent walking toward the house through the kitchen window. "Thank you for the invitation though."

"You just be ready about four this afternoon and I'll send one of the boys to get you. Bye, honey."

"Bye," Aundy said, hanging up the phone and opening the kitchen door before Dent had a chance to knock.

"Ready for your lesson, Missy?" Dent asked, tipping his hat as Aundy walked out the door and down the back porch steps.

"Yes, sir," Aundy said, hoping he wouldn't notice how afraid she was of the big animals. Following the foreman in the barn, Aundy listened as he discussed different types of horses and what purpose each served. Eric had the draft horses, Hans and Henry, that ran away with the wagon, as well as another big team Dent called Nut and Bolt.

"Nut is a little on the wild side, so be sure you give him plenty of room," Dent said, watching as Aundy stepped further away from the horse when he snorted her direction. Pointing out several of the stock horses in the pasture behind the barn, Dent explained Erik kept the horses for his men to ride. Asking questions about the different breeds and coloring, Dent was impressed with her ability to quickly absorb the information he was sharing.

Standing at the stall of a pretty mare, Dent dug a piece of dried apple from his pocket and held it out to the horse. She took it from his hand and looked at him with big, sad eyes.

"This is Bell, she belonged to Erik's mother. Although she's getting on in years, Bell is a good, solid mustang who'll take you where you need to go," Dent said, scratching the horse on her neck and behind her ears. "When you get that cast off your arm, I'll teach you how to ride her."

"I will do my best to look forward to that experience," Aundy said, holding a cautious hand out to the horse. Deciding she liked the new female in the barn, Bell turned liquid eyes to Aundy and offered a soft whicker.

"I think she likes you," Dent said, motioning for Aundy to continue. "Go on and pet her, she won't bite you." He refrained from mentioning that she not only bit but refused to let any of the men ride her.

Aundy rubbed Bell on her nose and patted her neck. The horse moved forward in her stall and leaned her head against Aundy before releasing a sigh.

"Well, I'll be. It looks like she decided you're friends," Dent said, breaking into a broad grin. "She hasn't taken too well to any of the fellers. Guess she just missed having a woman around."

"As soon as I'm able, we'll have to rectify that situation," Aundy said, scratching Bell's neck before she and Dent moved through the rest of the barn.

By the time Dent returned her to the house, Aundy discovered she owned milk cows, several pigs, and a hen house full of chickens.

"Thank you for that introduction to the livestock, Dent. I very much appreciate it," Aundy said as they walked across the barnyard toward the house. "I think I could gather the eggs from now on. I feel like I've been such a burden since I arrived, instead of a help."

"You haven't been a burden to anyone, Missy. Not at all. If you're sure you want to gather the eggs, just go in there of a morning, toss out their feed then snatch the eggs before the chickens are any the wiser. Watch out for that little rooster. If he gives you any trouble, let me know. He's got a pretty big attitude for such a little chicken."

Aundy laughed, which made Dent smile, and she nodded her head. "I'll keep my eye on him. I'll be going over to the Nash's for dinner, so don't worry if you don't see me around for an hour or two."

"Yes, ma'am," Dent said, tipping his hat and walking back to the barn. He'd wait until after supper tonight to let the guys know Aundy was keeping the farm and staying. He figured a few of the hands wouldn't like that news, but they better get used to it. If he read her intentions correctly, Aundy would be right in the thick of things once her arm healed, if not before.

Hastening into the house, Aundy decided she smelled like the barnyard and wanted to take a bath before going to the Nash's. Filling the tub, she took a quick bath and washed her hair, finding it a challenge to accomplish with only one arm.

Getting out of the tub, she towel dried her hair and shook it with her good hand, trying to get out most of the water before working her way into her clothes. Everything took twice as long when she only had one usable arm.

Unable to put up her hair, she had become adept at pulling it back in combs and letting it hang loose. It seemed to always be in her way, but she didn't know what else to do. Incapable of braiding it one handed or pinning it up, she managed the best she could. She was adjusting the second comb in her hair when she heard a knock on the front door. Leaving her bedroom, she grabbed her coat from a peg by the kitchen door and hurried to the front room.

Opening the door, she was surprised to see Garrett standing on the front porch, holding his hat in his hand.

"Mrs. Erickson," Garrett said, smiling broadly as he took in Aundy's fresh scent and glowing cheeks. Although he knew it was highly improper to think it, he wanted to pull the combs out of her still damp hair and bury his hands in the waving golden mass.

For a fleeting moment, he was glad the cast on her arm kept her from putting up all that glorious hair. Trying to regain his focus, he looked into her face and felt himself drawn into the depths of her sky-blue eyes.

Diverting his attention from her face and hair seemed the best course of action, so he looked down, admiring the fancy stitching on the hem of Aundy's skirt.

Surprised by the beautiful clothes she wore, he wouldn't have expected someone who worked in a factory and traveled out west as a mail-order bride to be so well dressed. His mother mentioned something about Aundy's sister being a talented seamstress. Maybe she'd added the elaborate embellishments to the woman's wardrobe. "Ma said you were coming for dinner and asked me to fetch you."

"I'm fairly certain you have better things to do than escort me, Mr. Nash," Aundy said, realizing Garrett spent a lot of time helping her since Erik's accident. She knew he had his own ranch to run.

Garrett's silvery gaze met her blue eyes with a playful grin. "I reckon I might, but when Ma barks an order, we all jump to carry it out."

He refused to admit he would have volunteered for the job if his mother had asked someone else to get Aundy.

For reasons he didn't want to examine, he looked forward to time spent with the plucky widow. Garrett could spend all day listening to her lyrical voice and never grow tired of the sound, although she wasn't one given to idle chatter.

"So it would seem," Aundy said, as her neighbor's light-hearted comment made her lips turn up in a smile.

"You ready to go?" Garrett asked, taking Aundy's coat from her hand and helping her slip it on.

"I believe so," Aundy said, stepping outside while Garrett pulled the front door closed behind her. Not seeing a wagon or buggy outside, just Garrett's saddle horse, she looked around, wondering how he planned to take her to the ranch.

"Before you get too excited," Garrett said, trying not to grin at Aundy's confused look, "I thought I'd show you how to hitch a horse to the buggy and take it to the ranch then I'll bring you home after dinner and reclaim Jester."

"Okay," Aundy said, following Garrett as he took Jester's reins and led the animal toward the barn.

Aundy watched, taking mental notes as Garrett described each step in the process of hitching the horse. The animal stood quietly during the entire process.

"Erik's horses are well trained. You always need to be watchful of any animal, but Erik's won't intentionally cause you harm. Even ol' Nut will behave as long as Bolt is close by."

"Okay," Aundy said, standing so close to Garrett, she could smell his unique, manly scent. Combined with the warmth radiating from him and the way he kept looking at her with those silvery eyes, she found it impossible to pay attention to his detailed instruction. Taking a sudden step back, she would have tripped over a feed bucket if Garrett hadn't grabbed her good arm and pulled her forward against his chest.

Overwhelmed with strange emotions and sensations, Aundy kept her gaze down when Garrett dropped his hand and stepped away.

"Thank you," she said, embarrassed. "I wasn't paying attention."

"It's quite alright," Garrett said, trying to gather his thoughts. They'd scattered every direction the moment he touched Aundy. He felt sparks work their way from his fingers all the way up his arm. "Shall we head over to Nash's Folly?"

"Nash's Folly?" Aundy asked as Garrett assisted her onto the buggy seat.

"That's the official name of the ranch," Garrett said as he directed the horse out of the barnyard and down the lane toward the road. "You mean Ma hasn't told you that story?"

"No, she hasn't," Aundy said, her curiosity piqued by Garrett's statement. "Why don't you tell me?"

"When Ma and Pops arrived in Pendleton, they came out here and saw this land and Ma was humming the hymn My Jesus, I love Thee. Do you know it?"

When Aundy shook her head, Garrett began singing the hymn in a deep baritone that made Aundy blink in surprise as his rich voice filled the afternoon air with perfect pitched notes.

My Jesus, I love Thee

I know Thou art mine;

For Thee all the follies of sin I resign...

"She and Pops thought God's grace led them here to Pendleton and they were going to make the best of it. They declared they were 'resigning their follies' and starting a new life. Pops decided to call the ranch Nash's Folly so none of us would forget their promise. We're still human and make mistakes, but that story helps keep us on the straight and narrow," Garrett said, turning to look at Aundy with a devilish grin. "That, and the threat of Ma taking a switch to us."

"I can't imagine Nora taking a switch to anyone," Aundy said, smiling at Garrett. "But I do like that story and the name Nash's Folly. "

They rode along in silence for a few minutes before Aundy gave Garrett a thoughtful look. "Did Erik have a name for his farm?"

"No. Everyone round these parts refers to it as the Erickson farm. His folks settled there a long time ago. Guess no one felt the need to give it any other name," Garrett said, wondering what Aundy was thinking. Her eyes had narrowed and she pinched her lips together. He noticed she did that anytime she was in pain or contemplating something. Since he was certain she was not suffering at the moment, he decided she must be thinking about something.

When she continued to appear lost in her thoughts, Garrett talked about some of the neighboring ranches, who owned them and if any of them had names. He cautioned her to stay away from Mr. Tooley, much in the same way as Erik.

"Why does everyone tell me to stay away from Mr. Tooley? Is he really that mean?" Aundy asked as Garrett stopped the buggy at the end of the front walk and waved at Nora where she stood in the door.

"Even more so," Garrett said solemnly, although Aundy thought she detected the merest hint of a grin working at the corners of his mouth.

"Aundy," Nora called, hurrying down the walk, barely waiting for Garrett to help her out of the buggy before pulling her into a welcoming hug. "Don't you look pretty today? My goodness, but you have some beautiful clothes. And your hair is so thick and long and lovely."

"I..." Aundy spluttered, not accustomed to being paid compliments. She knew she wasn't beautiful like her younger sister and had long ago resigned herself to just being who she was - sturdy, strong and hardworking.

"Doesn't she Garrett?" Nora said, looking around Aundy to her son. "Isn't she one of the most striking girls you've ever seen?"

At Nora's nod and glare, Garrett was quick to agree. "Yes, Ma," he said, tipping his hat to the women before hurrying toward the barn with the horse and buggy. Glancing over his shoulder, he watched Nora herd Aundy up the steps and in the house, her fancy-stitched skirt swishing around her long legs while her blond hair rippled down her back with each step.

He wasn't just paying lip service because his mother wanted him to. Erik's widow had turned more than a few heads since her arrival in Pendleton.

Aundy wasn't what anyone would call beautiful, but she was very attractive. His mother summed it up well when she said the girl was striking. With that golden hair, her blue eyes, creamy skin and tall height, she was hard to miss. Getting to know her since she arrived on their doorstep covered in mud, he knew she was a caring and gentle, yet determined person. Although Garrett thought inner beauty was much more important than outward, it was hard not to admire how she carried herself, or the way her city clothes accented her becoming curves.

Releasing a sigh of irritation for his wayward thoughts, Garrett unhooked the horse and gave him a portion of feed before starting on the evening chores. Finishing an hour later, he walked in the back door of the house, after reminding himself a dozen times it was inappropriate to be thinking any thoughts of Erik's widow. Even if the marriage had been in name only and Erik spent nearly all of the few days he and Aundy were together unconscious, Garrett knew his thoughts were still way out of line.

Missing his friend, Garrett let grief and guilt chase away any lingering interest he had in Aundy. Waiting until she and his mother took their seats at the dining table, Garrett pulled out the chair across from Aundy and sat down, bowing his head. His father asked the blessing on the meal then his mother started a lively discussion about upcoming events at church and things happening in town.

After dinner, Aundy helped Nora wash the dishes then Nora insisted everyone gather in her parlor for a while before Garrett took Aundy home.

"Have you decided what you want to do with the farm yet?" J.B. asked, knowing Aundy had been trying to decide if she would keep it or sell it.

"I've decided to stay and make it a success as a way of honoring Erik," Aundy said quietly, sipping the tea Nora made for her.

"That's wonderful, honey," Nora said, patting her leg from where she sat next to her on the sofa. "What are your plans?"

"I want to learn all I can about managing a farm. I need to learn about animals, crops, everything. Dent said he'd help, but suggested Garrett might be able to provide assistance with some of my lessons, like shooting."

Garrett, who'd been drinking a cup of coffee, choked in his efforts not to spew the drink all over his mother's prized set of furniture. J.B. reached over and slapped his back a few times, grinning at his son.

"Sounds like a grand idea to me," J.B. said, winking at Nora as Aundy watched Garrett with concern.

"I don't want to be any more of a burden to anyone. I'm sure I can figure things out," Aundy said, glancing down at the teacup she held in her hand.

"Nonsense," J.B. said, settling back in his chair. "Garrett would be happy to teach you how to shoot and whatever other lessons you need help with. I might not be much use outdoors yet, but I can teach you about cattle and crops if you're of a mind to come here for a little schooling. We've got a few books that might be a help to you."

"Thank you, Mr. Nash," Aundy said, nodding at him with a shy smile. "I've been reading a book I found on Erik's desk, but I still have some questions about what I've read. I hate to bother Dent because he's so busy and he informed me today we need to hire more hands."

"Well, you probably could use a few more. Erik always hired some seasonal help once the farm work began," J.B. said, still waiting for Garrett to recover from his choking fit and join the conversation. "Do the hands know you're planning to keep the farm and run it yourself?"

"Dent said he'd tell them after supper tonight," Aundy said, glancing at Garrett as he took a cautious sip of his coffee. "I realize I've got a lot to learn, but I'm strong and determined and willing to work hard."

"We know you are, honey," Nora said, patting Aundy's leg again. "Don't you worry about a thing. We'll all help you learn about farm life. You can count on us. All of us." Nora gave Garrett a pointed look and he numbly nodded his head, trying not to look at Aundy. The firelight in the room was making her hair glimmer and shine and the look on her face, filled with animation and excitement as she talked about learning to farm, made him want to promise to do everything in his power to help her succeed.

Visiting for a short while longer, Garrett went to hitch the horse to the buggy. J.B. and Aundy worked out a schedule for her to come learn what he could teach her from the kitchen table about crops, livestock and rural life.

Nora gave her another hug as she walked out the door and waved enthusiastically as Garrett helped her in the buggy and started down the lane back toward the road.

"Thank you," Aundy said quietly, taking in the beautiful colors filling the sky as the sun set. She would never tire of the smell of clean air and the wide-open spaces she'd found in Pendleton. Unlike anything she'd ever experienced, she felt such a peace here in the country.

"For what?" Garrett asked, keeping his gaze fastened on the horse instead of his companion.

"For being so kind and encouraging," Aundy said, releasing a sigh. "Most people would have told me to sell the farm, get on a train and return to the city life I know. Your family hasn't offered any opinions on what I should do and have been supportive of my decisions. Not everyone would encourage a woman from Chicago to stick it out and learn about farming."

"We're not everyone," Garrett said with a smile that revealed his white teeth and lit up his face. "Everyone should have the opportunity to learn and grow regardless of their age, color, or gender. If you want to learn about farming, then who are we to tell you no? You should know, though, that learning from Pops means you'll be learning from one of the best."

"I assumed as much," Aundy said, grinning at Garrett as he stopped the buggy and hurried around to offer her his hand. "It's easy to see you've got a prosperous well-run ranch and that doesn't happen by chance. I do know enough to realize that only happens because of skill and hard work."

Garrett nodded his head, pleased at Aundy's words. Walking her up the steps to the front door, he tipped his hat. "After you finish your lesson with Pops, I can give you a shooting lesson. You should be able to get in some practice one-handed with a revolver until that arm of yours heals."

"Thank you," Aundy said, opening the door and stepping inside before turning to smile at Garrett. She felt a flutter in her stomach as her eyes connected with his silvery gaze and he offered her a broad grin.

Garrett backed up and almost fell off the porch step, his attention centered on Aundy's blue eyes and golden hair instead of where he was going.

He thought he heard Aundy giggle, but when he looked up, she was closing the door.

Chapter Five

Swinging open the kitchen door as the sun began to chase away the early morning darkness, Aundy walked toward the chicken coop with a determined step.

After her tour around the farm with Dent the previous afternoon, she was confident she could at least feed the chickens and gather eggs. Finding the bucket and feed Dent indicated she should give the chickens, she carefully opened the door to the enclosed pen and shut it behind her. The chickens were still inside the coop, sitting on their nests.

Aundy used her good hand to shake the bucket, making a racket she hoped rousted the chickens. Switching the bucket to her other hand, she held it against her waist and tossed out handfuls of the feed, calling to the chickens. "Here chick, chick. Here chick."

Soon chickens were all around her, pecking at the feed. Aundy emptied the bucket then entered the coop, sticking her hand in the nests like Dent showed her. As she gathered the eggs, she felt a growing satisfaction in having accomplished something worthwhile. Although a little frightened by the chickens, she decided they were only harmless birds, after all.

As she reached the last nest, she felt a sharp stinging on her leg and looked down to see a little rooster pecking at her. He looked up at her with angry eyes and Aundy started backing toward the door. The sound he emitted made Aundy's eyes widen with fear and she hurried out the door of the coop and through the chickens as they ate their feed. She was working the latch in the gate when the rooster flew up with his spurs set to dig into Aundy.

Anticipating the attack, Aundy raised her arm and the rooster's head connected with her cast, thumping loudly. He fell to the ground and Aundy escaped the pen, closing the gate firmly behind her. Looking in the bucket, she was glad to see she hadn't broken a single egg in her haste to get away from the rooster.

Turning, she found several sets of eyes looking her direction as Dent and the hands all stared at her, most with smirks on their faces.

"I see you met Napoleon," Dent said, trying not to laugh. He and the boys heard a commotion in the coop and hurried over to see the little rooster chasing Aundy to the gate. It was hard to keep from breaking out in chuckles when she held up her cast and knocked the bird senseless.

"What a fitting name," Aundy said, staring at the rooster that had yet to get back on his feet. "I didn't kill him, did I?"

"Probably just stunned him is all," Dent said, watching as the bird shook his head and staggered to his feet.

"Too bad. I'll have to try harder next time. Chicken stew would have tasted good," Aundy said, thinking she and Napoleon needed to reach a compromise or one of them was going to have to leave the farm and it wouldn't be her.

The hands broke out in laughter and watched as Aundy walked up the steps to the kitchen door and disappeared inside.

"Chores won't do themselves," Dent said, pointing toward the barn when the men continued to stare at the house. He didn't get a chance to talk to them about Aundy keeping the farm the previous evening, but if he was a betting man, he'd bet after breakfast they'd be short a few more hands. He supposed he ought to get it over with and quit putting off the inevitable.

Taking off his hat, he ran his hand through his hair and let out a sigh. "You might as well all know, I spoke with Mrs. Erikson yesterday and she intends to not only keep the farm but be in control of it."

"You mean that citified woman thinks she's gonna run this place?" one of the men asked, glaring at Dent in disgust.

"That's what the lady said." Dent glared back at the hand, daring him to say anything more.

"Then I quit," the man said, stalking off toward the bunkhouse.

"Any of the rest of you agree with Harry?" Dent asked, looking at each face and anticipating a few more would follow. At the nod of three more heads, Dent shook his and pointed toward the bunkhouse.

"Pack your gear and I'll get your wages ready for you. You can light out after breakfast," Dent said, disappointed but not surprised. With the four men leaving, that left him with just four other bodies besides his own to do all the work. Aundy was going to have to hire more men if they hoped to make it through spring calving and farm work.

Turning toward the house, he hated to start the day with bad news, but he needed to let Aundy know what was going on as well as discuss paying the men. Erik always took care of paying wages and the men received theirs at the end of each month.

"Come on in," Aundy called as Dent raised a hand to knock on the door. He didn't know how she knew he was out there, but he opened the door, took off his hat and stepped inside. "If nothing else, I guess I'm good for providing the morning entertainment."

Dent grinned in spite of himself. "You did just fine for your first time in the chicken coop. That lil' rooster is full of attitude, but I have a feeling he'll leave you alone for now."

"If he doesn't, you'll have to teach me how to kill a chicken. I've plucked and cooked them, but never had to execute one before," Aundy said, glancing at Dent as she continued wiping off the eggs and placing them in a basket on the counter. "Napoleon may make me anxious to learn that particular skill."

"Missy, you are something else," Dent said, leaning against the door. He watched Aundy carefully hold an egg in her hand then use a soft cloth to wipe it clean. "I've got some news you aren't gonna like, but need to hear."

"Oh?" Aundy asked, setting down the egg and giving him her full attention.

"I told the men you're planning to run the farm and four of them quit this morning," Dent said, hoping Aundy didn't take it personally. The hands would have quit if any woman had taken over the farm. It wasn't that they disliked her, just the idea of being bossed around by a woman.

"I see," Aundy said, sitting at the table, staring down at her lap. She was quiet so long, Dent didn't know what to make of it. He finally pulled out a chair and straddled it.

"We need to pay them for wages due. Erik always paid everyone on the last day of the month, so we need to talk about pay for all the hands."

"I recalled seeing the monthly withdrawal in the ledger book, but it slipped my mind that you all will want your wages soon," Aundy said, bringing her gaze up to look at Dent. "If I forget going forward, please just remind me. It won't be intentional, I'm just not used to taking care of paying wages. Do I need to go to the bank to collect the funds?"

"Yep. Erik usually went in and got the money, picked up supplies, and made a day of it," Dent said.

"I see. Do you know how much is owed the men who are leaving?" Aundy asked, recalling a list of payroll in Erik's ledger.

Dent listed their names and what he thought they should be paid. Aundy told him she would have the funds ready for him by the time the men were finished with breakfast.

"That would be good, Missy," Dent said, deciding they might as well get all the problems out on the table. "We can't operate five men short, which is what we'll be now. We've got to hire more help."

"Do you feel comfortable hiring more men?" Aundy asked, knowing she could judge character, but wasn't sure she'd be able to know what to look for in a hired hand.

"I can do that," Dent said, nodding his head. "If I help you write an advertisement, can you make sure it gets in the paper? We could post it around town, too."

"That would be satisfactory. Perhaps after you pay the men and see them on their way, we can come up with something I can take to town. I'll need to go to the bank to collect wages for the rest of the men. If anyone needs supplies, please let me know and I can pick them up when I go.

"How are you going to get to town, Missy?" Dent asked, knowing she couldn't drive the buggy and he was sure she didn't know how to ride a horse.

"I'm not entirely certain, but I'll figure something out," Aundy said, getting up from the table when Dent stood, nodded his head again and stepped outside.

Sitting back down at the table, Aundy raised her gaze heavenward and prayed for strength and wisdom. She was going to need an extra helping of both to get through the day.

Going to Erik's desk, she took out his ledger and noted a final payment made to the four men who quit and the date. She took out a scrap of paper and wrote down the amount of wages from the previous month and placed it in her pocket then began opening drawers, hoping to find some cash Erik might have on hand. Searching through the desk, she came up with enough to pay one of the men.

Knowing there was no help for it, she walked to Erik's bedroom and stood for a moment with her forehead resting against his door. Turning the knob, she looked around the room for a moment before stepping inside.

Nora made sure the bed had clean sheets and the room had been aired, but everything else was just as Erik left it.

The nightstand in his room drew her attention, so she looked there first for any money he might have left behind. Finding his wallet, she emptied it then searched the dresser. A box hidden in the back of one drawer contained more than enough money to cover the wages of the men leaving.

Breathing a sigh of relief, Aundy took out what she needed, put the rest of the money back in the box and returned it to Erik's drawer. She needed to clean out his things, but she'd worry about it another day.

Exiting the room, she shut the door quietly behind her and walked back to his desk in the front room where she placed money in four envelopes, addressing each to the appropriate farm hand. Carrying them to the kitchen, she finished cleaning the eggs, made herself a simple breakfast and waited for her foreman to return.

Dent knocked softly and opened the door, sticking his head inside. Aundy handed him the envelopes without a word and he hurried back toward the bunkhouse.

Sighing, Aundy was mulling over her options for getting herself to town when a knock at the kitchen door brought her out of her musings. Seeing four heads standing outside, she steeled herself for whatever waited and opened the door.

"Mrs. Erikson?" one of the men said, looking down at his scuffed boot.

"Yes," Aundy said, opening the door wider and studying the four men. All but one of them looked quite uncomfortable to be there. The fourth boldly stared at her with a gleam in his eye she found quite unsettling.

"We just wanted to thank you for paying us for a full month and for treating us good since you've been here. Us leaving ain't about you specifically," the designated speaker said, looking at his comrades for agreement. At their nods, he continued. "We just don't cotton to working for no woman, no matter how nice she might be."

"I see," Aundy said, wanting to give them a piece of her mind. Instead, she bit her tongue and forced herself to smile. "Thank you for providing me with that information, Mr. Tadlock. I appreciate the work you've done here on the farm and wish you all much success in your future endeavors."

"Thank you, ma'am," the speaker said, tipping his head as they all backed off the steps and walked around to where their horses waited.

Once they were out of sight, Aundy gave in to the urge to stamp her foot. "Bunch of club-dragging cavedwellers," Aundy muttered to herself, marching into her bedroom and getting out one of her best day gowns. Deciding there was no way she could get into her corset without assistance, she finally gave up and placed a call to Nora.

"Nash's Folly," a deep voice said in Aundy's ear, making tingles race down her spine.

"Garrett?"

"Yep, the one and only," he said in a light-hearted tone, making a smile break out on Aundy's face while her heartbeat skipped into a faster tempo.

"This is Mrs. Erickson. May I please speak with your mother?"

"Nope."

"Oh...I...well...I..."

Laughter filled the earpiece of the phone and Aundy held it away from her head, staring at it, perplexed, before returning it to her ear.

"I'm teasing you, Mrs. Erickson. Just a moment, I'll get her for you."

"Thank you," Aundy said, breathing a sigh of relief. She could hear rumbling sounds in the background then Nora's cheery voice greeted her.

"What can I do for you today, honey?"

"Nora, I hate to ask, but I sorely need your assistance with a matter here at my home. Would there be any way you could possibly come over this morning?"

"Certainly. I can be there in an hour. Anything I need to bring?"

"No, ma'am, and thank you," Aundy said, remembering that many people listened in on the phone lines so anything she said could be fodder for community gossip.

"I'll be there as soon as I can, honey."

"Thank you, Nora. I appreciate it."

Hanging up from her call with Nora, Aundy turned around, surprised to see Dent stick his head in the kitchen door. Welcoming him inside, Aundy retrieved a pencil and a pad of paper from Erik's desk, poured Dent a cup of coffee and sat with him at the table writing an advertisement for hired help. They were finishing when they heard the front door shut and looked up as Nora bustled into the kitchen.

"What are you two working on?" Nora asked, leaning down to look over Aundy's shoulder.

"Four of the men quit this morning when Dent told them I was keeping the farm. We're in dire need of more help," Aundy said, looking at Dent who got up and edged toward the door.

"With Erik gone, you're running five short? Is that right?" Nora asked, looking to Dent for confirmation. At his nod, Nora shook her head.

"We can send over some help until you hire more men," Nora said, thinking they could make do with a couple less hands for a few days.

"Absolutely not, Nora. You've done so much already," Aundy said, getting to her feet and looking at Dent for support. Instead, he nodded his head inconspicuously at Nora.

"Looks like you're outvoted, Missy." Dent grinned then hurried out the door before Aundy could reply.

"Nora, I..." Aundy said, turning toward the woman who had been mother, friend, and mentor to her since she'd stood dripping mud all over her clean porch.

"Not another word, Aundy. It's what neighbors and friends do," Nora said, setting a basket on the table and pulling out a few jars of jam, a napkin filled with cookies and a loaf of bread that smelled delicious.

Aundy couldn't do much cooking with one hand, and was trying to get by as best she could. Dent invited her to join the men in the bunkhouse for meals, but Aundy didn't feel right about that either.

Looking around the kitchen, Nora took off her hat and set it on the table. "Now, what required my assistance?"

"I need to go into town and get the men's wages from the bank, pick up supplies, and place an advertisement in the paper. I should be dressed in something more presentable than the work clothes I've been wearing and for that, I need someone to help me put on that blasted corset. Like I said, I hate to bother you, but I don't know what else to do. I would also be forever grateful if you can help me get my hair put up proper before I head into town," Aundy said, walking toward her bedroom with Nora.

"And just how, precisely, do you plan to get into town to run all these errands?" Nora asked as she helped Aundy take off her shirtwaist and skirt and started fastening the corset into place.

"I hadn't exactly gotten that far in my plans. I watched Garrett with the buggy and horse yesterday and I think I could handle it."

Nora laughed. "No doubt you'd try, but you better wait until that arm of yours has healed. My buggy is right outside and I'd be happy to run into Pendleton with you. I'll call J.B. and let him know you and I are eating lunch in town today and he and Garrett can fend for themselves."

"No, Nora. I can't disrupt your day like that."

"Yes, you can. I insist," Nora said, expertly pulling Aundy's long hair up and fastening it in a loose pompadour before pinning a stylish hat in place.

"My gracious, but you sure have some beautiful clothes," Nora said, admiring Aundy's outfit. A skirt and short jacket, in the same striking shade of light blue as Aundy's eyes, topped a crisp white shirtwaist with thick lace around the collar and along the front. The hat, adorned with white roses, featured loops of blue ribbon that matched her stylish ensemble.

Aundy looked down and smoothed the front of her skirt with her good hand. She felt blessed to have a very nice wardrobe, realizing most people in her family's income-bracket wouldn't have been able to afford the clothing she, her mother and sister wore. Their wardrobes were a benefit of having sewing in their blood and access to quality materials.

Pulling on her gloves, the women walked back to the kitchen where Nora picked her now empty basket off the table and Aundy folded the advertisement she and Dent had worked on into her reticule.

"My mother's parents worked very hard before they moved to America. My grandfather was a tailor, serving only the most affluent clients. My grandmother was a seamstress and milliner who rented a small space in a shop not far from my grandfather's. One day he happened to be walking by the shop on his way back to his store after lunch and saw my grandmother in the window. He decided to be bold, walked right in and asked her if she would make a hat for his mother. She agreed and it didn't take long for them to decide they were in love and wed."

"What a romantic story," Nora said, as she and Aundy climbed in the buggy and started down the lane. "So how did they end up in Chicago?"

"My grandfather decided there were fortunes to be made in America so he and my grandmother shipped what they could, sold the rest, and made arrangements to begin a new life in Chicago. One of my grandfather's friends started a bakery there and helped them settle in with their two daughters. They had a large shop that offered tailored men's clothing on one side and everything a fashionably dressed woman could want on the other. My mother and aunt grew up knowing how to sew beautifully, design hats, alter clothes flawlessly, and get the most out of a piece of yardage. They also learned how to do the fancy stitching that set their creations apart from other dress shops."

Aundy looking around and noticed spring seemed to be arriving as the rolling fields and pastures were beginning to turn green. Taking a deep breath, the air carried a new, earthy aroma.

"And?" Nora asked, anxious to hear the rest of the story as they made their way to Pendleton.

"One day a French man came to have a suit made by my grandfather. My aunt decided right then she was going to marry the man and she did. With her new last name and the loss of her Norwegian ties, she opened her own dress shop that catered to the elite in Chicago's social circles. My mother fell in love with a common laborer and despite my grandparents' protests she was marrying beneath her, she didn't care. My parents were so happy and so in love. My father's charm quickly won over my grandparents, but he wouldn't take a dime of their money while they were alive," Aundy said, letting the memories flooding through her.

"My mother worked for my grandparents and then my aunt. Because of the skills she taught us, my sister and I both worked for Aunt Louisa, too. Ilsa does such beautiful work; she truly is talented. Me, I don't have the patience for all the intricate stitching. When both our parents died, I took the job in the factory because I was good at basic sewing and needed the work. The factory owners thought their employees should dress in the clothes we made, so people could see the items out and about town. A clothing allotment was part our wages."

Nora gave Aundy a curious look, convinced the lovely outfit she was wearing did not come from a factory. The attention to detail hinted that it was handmade by someone who definitely knew her way around a needle.

Aundy smiled at Nora's raised brow. "When my grandparents passed away, my aunt didn't want the inventory from their store. She said it wasn't good enough for her clientele, so we had more bolts of fabric, trims, laces, ribbons, hat forms and sewing supplies than you could imagine. I did the basic stitching for our clothes and Ilsa made them beautiful."

"Why didn't your mother open her own dress shop, instead of working for your aunt?" Nora asked.

"Mother didn't have a head for business and she didn't want to deal with the clients, so she kept the arrangement with my aunt. My father agreed to use the inheritance from my grandparents to move to a nicer apartment and to put us in better schools. Thanks to what my grandparents left us, we were well-dressed and well-educated," Aundy said, smiling at Nora. "My mother always said a well-dressed lady who walked with confidence and spoke intelligently could go far in life. I sure hope she's right because I think I've got a long way to go and not a lot to take me there but a few nice clothes, a strong constitution, and a determination to succeed."

Nora laughed and teasingly bumped Aundy in the side. "If that's what it takes, you'll go far, honey. You'll go far."

Arriving in town, Nora went straight to the bank and sat outside in the buggy. She knew Aundy could take care of herself. The girl soon returned looking relieved.

"That went better than I anticipated. Unlike some men around here, the banker doesn't seem to mind dealing with a woman."

"He's a nice boy. Raised by good parents," Nora said as she guided the buggy to her favorite store. "Why don't we do our shopping and while someone carries our purchases out to the buggy, we can run over to the newspaper office with your advertisement."

"That sounds like a fine plan," Aundy said, a look of anticipation filling her face as Nora parked the buggy outside a large store with interesting window displays. They stopped to admire a spring scene with seed packets, baskets, and garden tools. "When do you plant a garden?"

"Not for another month or two. We have to wait until the threat of frost is past. By then, you'll have your cast off."

"I wonder if they have any books on gardening?" Aundy asked as they walked in the store, greeted by some women from church who were standing at the counter paying for their purchases.

After visiting with them, Nora led Aundy toward the garden supplies. "Why do you need a gardening book?"

"I've never planted one before and have no idea how to go about it," Aundy said, picking up a garden trowel and wondering what purpose it served.

"Well, silly girl, I'll be teaching you all about gardens, then," Nora said, taking the trowel out of Aundy's hand and shaking her head. "Erik always planted a garden, although none of the men liked taking care of it. He has all the tools you need, I'm sure of it. If not, you can always purchase them later. We'll have to make a list of seeds you want to order. I have some extras, but you might want some different vegetables than I've got. Erik also has some lovely fruit trees down by the creek."

"Fruit trees? What kind of trees?" Aundy asked, excited at the prospect of growing her own fruit. She had a sweet tooth and being able to make pies and crisps, as well as put up preserves for winter sounded wonderful.

"A couple of cherry, some apple, and pear," Nora said, sorting through a stack of gloves, looking for a new pair. "And peach. He brought me the loveliest peaches last summer."

Aundy was busy dreaming about the first bite of a ripe, juicy peach when she was bumped from behind.

"Beg your pardon, miss," a good-looking man said as he stepped back from her. Aundy noticed he was about her height and quite handsome with an aristocratic appeal. He probably had women whispering about him behind their hands for miles around.

"Ashton Monroe, I didn't know you were back in town," Nora said, looking at the man as he stood staring at Aundy. "You were gone when poor Erik had his accident so you probably haven't had a chance to meet his wife."

"Wife? So it's true? Erik really did send for a mail-order bride?" Ashton asked, tipping his head at Aundy and giving her an engaging smile. "I can't believe someone as lovely as you, Mrs. Erickson, would have been unattached."

Aundy blushed, thinking the man was either full of poppycock, as her father used to say, or had impaired vision. Looking at the thick fringe of lashes around his intense, dark eyes, she somehow doubted he had any problems seeing.

"Thank you, Mr. Monroe," Aundy said, tipping her head demurely. Her mother had instilled impeccable manners in both her daughters, despite the fact their father thought it was a bunch of unnecessary nonsense.

"My condolences on the loss of your husband, particularly so soon after you arrived in our little town," Ashton said, taking Aundy's gloved hand in his and pressing a light kiss to her knuckles.

"Again, thank you, Mr. Monroe."

"Please," Ashton said, releasing her hand and gazing into her eyes. "I insist you call me Ashton. All my friends do, and I certainly hope you'll allow me to be your friend."

Aundy gave her head a barely perceptible nod, watching Nora roll her eyes. "Very well, Ashton."

"That's better," Ashton said, beaming a brilliant smile at Aundy. "Now, what brings you ladies to town today?"

"We had a few things we needed to do," Nora said, giving Ashton a smile that lacked any real warmth or sincerity. "What about you?"

"Just a few business matters that sorely needed my attention," Ashton said glancing from Aundy to Nora. "Perhaps you ladies would join me for tea at Dogwood Corners one afternoon?"

"Perhaps," Nora said, putting a hand on Aundy's arm to keep her from saying anything. "We need to get through calving season first."

"Oh, yes. How is the illustrious cattle business at Nash's Folly?" Ashton asked. Aundy was surprised to hear a note of disdain in his voice.

"As good as ever," Nora said, looping her arm through Aundy's and giving it a gentle tug. "Now, if you'll excuse us, we need to finish our shopping."

"Of course, Nora. It was a pleasure to meet you Aundy," Ashton said, tipping his hat. "I look forward to seeing you again."

Watching him walk toward a group of men gathered at the back of the store, Aundy looked down to see Nora shaking her head. "Don't let his nice manners and fancy talk turn your head, honey. He's not one to dally with. As handsome as he is, not to mention smooth talking, Ashton has broken more hearts than you can imagine. He's nothing but trouble when it comes to pretty women."

"Yes, ma'am," Aundy said, following Nora to the store's counter. "I don't believe he'd be interested in someone like me anyway."

"What do you mean?" Nora asked, stopping to look at Aundy.

"You know, someone plain and simple, without wealth or station or beauty," Aundy said, stating what she felt was a fact. "Besides, I have no interest in becoming involved with a man. None at all. I've only been a widow for less than two weeks."

Nora laughed and wrapped an arm around Aundy's waist. "You may not have grown up wealthy or in high society, but there is nothing plain or simple about you, honey. Not a single thing. We all know you and Eric weren't in love, didn't really know each other. I wouldn't worry too much about being the grieving widow. After all, we did talk you out of wearing black. When the right man comes along, the one who makes your stomach fill with butterflies and your breath catch in your throat and all sense fly right out of your head, you'll be ready to rethink that notion about staying away from the male species."

Aundy looked at her friend in surprise and felt a grin tugging up the corners of her mouth as Nora smiled back at her. She'd never admit it, but Nora had accurately described what happened to her anytime she was near Garrett.

Finishing their shopping, they placed Aundy's ad in the paper and left word with a few of the businesses in town they were hiring out at the Erickson farm.

Going to a charming little restaurant, they enjoyed a leisurely lunch with Nora introducing Aundy to several people she hadn't yet met.

Aundy insisted on buying lunch, and then the two women were soon on their way out of town.

"When Ashton invited us to Dogwood Corners, where is that?" Aundy asked, unable to keep her curiosity from getting the best of her.

"That direction," Nora said, pointing to a road as they passed it. "If you follow that for a few miles, you'll see a big house up on a hill. He had dogwoods sent out here and hires a gardener to try to keep them alive. So far, he's been successful, although with our cold winters, I don't know how."

"Oh," Aundy said, trying to envision an imposing big house surrounded by dogwoods. She didn't think she'd ever find out what it looked like, and that was probably for the best.

Chapter Six

"Site down the barrel and hold it steady," Garrett said, finding it hard to instruct Aundy in how to shoot his revolver with her floral scent teasing his nose and a wayward wisp of hair engaged in a teasing dance by his cheek.

His mother returned from town with Aundy in tow, saying J.B. agreed to give her lessons in farming in the afternoons and they shouldn't miss a single day. Spending a couple of hours at the kitchen table taking notes as J.B. shared information about farming, Garrett interrupted the lessons when he stopped by the house to ask his father a question.

Aundy appeared to be as taken aback as he was when Nora insisted he give the girl a shooting lesson right then.

"Ma, I just needed to ask Pops a question," Garrett said, backing toward the door, hoping to escape. It wasn't that he didn't want to be around Aundy. The problem was that he wanted it too much. He'd like nothing better than to spend the afternoon sitting somewhere quiet listening to her lilting voice and getting lost in her sky blue eyes.

"I'm sure Garrett has much more pressing matters this afternoon," Aundy protested, getting to her feet from her place at the table. "I really should be getting home anyway."

"Nonsense. Garrett could use a break from his work, couldn't you?" Nora asked, raising her eyebrow at him in challenge.

"Sure, Ma, but Mrs. Erikson isn't exactly dressed for a shooting lesson," Garrett said, taking in Aundy's pretty outfit from the frill of lace around her long neck to the fancy stitching on the hem of her skirt that was the exact same shade of blue as her sky-colored eyes.

"She can leave off her jacket and put on one of my aprons. She'll be fine," Nora said, hustling to pluck a clean apron off a peg and tying it around Aundy before she could protest. Placing a handful of cookies in Garrett's hand, Nora pushed him and Aundy toward the door. "Have fun."

Garrett shook his head, but led the way behind the barn where he set some old cans they saved for target practice on top of a few fence posts.

Taking out his revolver, he planned to have Aundy shoot it once or twice and send her back to the house, but she held the gun in her hand, looking at it expectantly. Holding back a sigh, he took the gun and described in detail how it worked, how she should hold it, gun safety, and everything a beginner needed to know about the weapon.

When he finished, she smiled at him, causing him to forget what it was he was going to say. He pointed toward a post and told her to try to shoot one of the cans.

Aundy was having a hard time holding the gun steady using only one hand and her first shot went wild.

"Here, let me help you," Garrett said. Aundy started to hand him the gun, but he stepped close behind her and put his arms around her. Placing his big hands over her smaller one, he helped her raise the gun, his cheek pressed against her temple.

That was his first mistake.

His second was taking a deep breath. Nearly undone by her soft rose fragrance, her warmth seeped into him, making him feel slightly overheated.

"Normally, you'd learn to shoot using both hands to steady your weapon. Since that isn't an option, you'll just learn to do it one-handed from the start," Garrett said, desperately wanting to kiss Aundy. "You hold it like this, see?"

Aundy nodded her head, unable to see or think. Not with Garrett so close to her. He smelled of horses and sunshine, and some musky scent that was alluring and inviting.

Stepping behind her, pressing close, she felt her knees wobble and fought the desire to lean back into his strength. Her stomach fluttered as Garrett's breath stirred the hair by her ear then she felt his cheek against her temple. His deep voice filled the air and her soul. She blinked her eyes, trying to keep from collapsing at his feet.

Blocking out just how wonderful it felt to have Garrett's arms around her, she instead focused on the can on top of the fencepost.

"When you feel ready, gently squeeze the trigger. Don't pull or tug it, just let it come easy," Garrett said, drawing on what was left of his restraint as he kept his arms around Aundy, helping steady the gun in her hand.

Aundy pulled the trigger and hit the can, knocking it off the post.

"That's great, Aundy," Garrett said, giving her an enthusiastic hug around her waist. Realizing what he'd done, he dropped his hands and stepped back. "You seem to be a fast learner. Try the next one."

Aundy wasn't sure she could concentrate enough to hit the side of the barn, but tried to regain her focus. She missed a few, but the more she shot, the more she hit until she was grinning as broadly as Garrett.

"I'm very proud of you, Aundy." Garrett was amazed at how quickly she picked up shooting, especially since she was learning one-handed.

"Thanks," Aundy said, beaming a smile at Garrett, rather pleased with her efforts considering she'd never before held a gun. "I can see why Dent said you should teach me to shoot. You've been so patient and informative."

"Glad you think so," Garrett said, taking the gun from her and reloading it. "Want to try again?"

"I believe I've killed enough cans today. However, I'd like to see you shoot," Aundy said, wondering if Garrett would hit all the cans he lined up on the posts.

"Are you sure?" Garrett asked, returning to stand beside her, holstering the gun.

"I'm absolutely certain," Aundy said, nodding her head for emphasis.

Garrett whipped out the gun, knocked all the cans off the posts, and returned it to his holster so rapidly Aundy had barely seen anything. She wasn't sure she'd even had time to blink.

"No wonder Dent said you should teach me," Aundy said with a laugh. "Were you a gun slinger in a past lifetime?"

"No, ma'am," Garrett said, grinning. He didn't usually show off, but he was in the mood to do so today, wanting to impress his neighbor. "I practiced a lot growing up. I guess I read one too many western adventures as a kid."

"I can't believe your mother would allow you to read dime novels," Aundy said, giving Garrett a look that he thought might make his knees buckle beneath him. She looked so alive and pretty with her cheeks flushed and wayward strands of silky golden hair twirling in the afternoon breeze.

"No one said she knew I was reading them," Garrett said with a devilish smile. "She'd have boxed my ears good if she knew I was reading those instead of the books she deemed acceptable."

"Now I've got something to hold over your head," Aundy said with a teasing glance at Garrett.

"Just try."

"I'll save it for a day when I really need it."

As they strolled around the side of the barn toward the house, Garrett breathed deeply of Aundy's rose scent and tried not to stare at her tall figure and trim waist. "I'll come over soon and we can set up some targets so you can use Erik's guns. They're yours now, so you should practice shooting them, get familiar with how they feel in your hand."

Thrilled at the idea of spending more time with Garrett, Aundy knew she shouldn't be. A wave of guilt swept over her for enjoying the time she spent with her handsome neighbor as much as she did. Her husband was only gone a few weeks and she just told Nora earlier that morning she was not getting entangled with another man. The last two relationships had both ended with the men she cared for dying and she couldn't go through the pain of losing someone else again.

Stopping at the front walk, Aundy turned to Garrett. "Thank you for teaching me to shoot. I hope I never need to do it, but I appreciate you helping me learn."

"You're welcome, Aundy. Most welcome," Garrett said, admiring the way the sun played in her golden hair. His mother must have been the one to pin it up in the poufy style because he knew Aundy couldn't manage it with her arm in the cast. Although she looked polished and nice, he much preferred seeing it rippling like golden waves down her back.

Thinking of his hands in all that hair made his temperature climb and he cleared his throat, trying to chase his thoughts in a less amorous direction.

"Are you staying for supper?" Garrett asked, motioning Aundy to precede him down the walk.

"I've been enough of a burden to all of you today. If someone wouldn't mind taking me home, I need to see to some things there," Aundy said, waiting as Garrett opened the kitchen door for her.

"If you're certain," Garrett said, hoping she'd stay. He enjoyed hearing the cadence of her voice and the conversations around the dinner table were much livelier with her there.

"I'm certain," Aundy said, stepping into Nora's kitchen where the woman bustled around with dinner preparations.

"Certain of what?" Nora asked, sliding a pan of rolls in the oven.

"That I need to go home. Dent will be wondering if things went well in town today," Aundy said, removing Nora's apron, putting on her jacket, and picking up her hat. Setting it on her head, she attempted to jab a hatpin in one handed and struggled to get it into place.

Garrett wondered what she'd do if he helped her. He quickly shoved his hands into his pockets before he found out.

"Dent? What did he need in town?" Garrett asked, trying not to grin when Aundy's tongue came out of the corner of her mouth as she fussed with her hat.

"Aundy lost four hands this morning. Up and quit when they found out she's keeping the farm and staying. I neglected to mention it earlier," Nora said, realizing she forgot about having Garrett send over some extra help. She told him who had quit and he shook his head.

"That leaves you really short-handed," Garrett said, looking at Aundy. "I'll send over a couple hands in the morning to help. Did you put an advertisement in the paper? Let people around town know?"

"Yes, we did," Aundy said, giving up on her hat and pulling on her gloves. "That was one of the reasons we went to town. I hope someone responds to the advertisement."

"I'm sure you'll have plenty of people answer the ad, honey," Nora said, giving Aundy a pat on the back as she walked her to the door. "You're more than welcome to stay for dinner, but if you're of a mind to go home, Garrett can take you."

"Thank you, Nora. I appreciate all your help today," Aundy said, giving the woman a hug before walking down the porch steps. Garrett quickly hitched the horse to the buggy and in no time they were on the road to her house.

"Do you think Dent can interview and hire the men?" Aundy asked as Garrett held the reins easily in one hand.

He turned his silvery gaze to her and studied her for a moment before answering. "He's more than capable. Why?"

"I don't think it would be in anyone's best interest for me to conduct the interviews. With my lack of agricultural knowledge and the obvious problem of having a woman in charge, I thought it might be best to have Dent do the hiring."

"Maybe, but whoever you hire will have to come to terms with the fact they are working for a woman at some point. Why don't you and Dent interview them together?"

Aundy nodded her head, giving it some thought. She'd talk to Dent and see what he wanted to do. All of it depended on someone being interested in working for them. If they couldn't get anyone willing to work for her, she didn't know what they'd do. Running cattle and farming was extremely hard work and required many hands to make it successful.

"If you have trouble finding some help, you could always sell the cattle. That would lessen the load and the men you have could handle the farming part of the operation," Garrett said, trying to think of ways to make things easier on Aundy. He knew a few of the men at Aundy's place would rather work the cattle than the land, but the ones who stayed on were good hands who'd do what needed done. "You could also think about renting out some of the ground to someone else. Or you could run more cattle and put the wheat ground into pasture or plant seed to cut for hay. If you run more cattle, you'd have to have a way to feed them."

"What would you do, if you were in this situation?" Aundy asked, looking at Garrett with her beautiful blue eyes moist and intent.

Turning his gaze to the road, he had to swallow twice before he answered her with his thoughts lingering on her inviting lips. "I think I'd see what kind of response comes from the advertisement. If that doesn't go well, I'd probably sell the cattle. The price is good this year and then you wouldn't have to worry about their feed and care."

Glancing at Aundy, he took in the determined look on her face. He also couldn't help but notice the freckles dotting her nose, or the pink hue the warm afternoon brought to her cheeks. Although he knew society's standards wouldn't consider her beautiful, he thought she was absolutely lovely. In addition to her outward appearance, he greatly admired her intelligence, fortitude, and gentle spirit.

"I'll take that into consideration," she said, turning her head and smiling at Garrett so warmly, he felt himself leaning toward her, wanting to kiss those rosy lips of hers in the very worst way. Her eyes widened and he caught himself before he did something he shouldn't.

"If you decide you do want to sell the cattle, I'd be happy to help you find a buyer that will give you a good price. There's a man in Umatilla who raises Shorthorns. He might be interested in expanding his herd."

"Thank you. If I decide to sell the cattle, I'll be sure to let you know," Aundy said, relieved to see they were nearly to the house. She didn't know how much more time she could spend in Garrett's presence without losing all her common sense. For some reason, she got the distinct idea he almost kissed her a moment ago, but that was impossible. Someone as handsome, generous and fun as Garrett Nash wouldn't want anything to do with her. He needed a beautiful, charming wife content to sit in the house and be domestic.

Aundy had never been fond of the domestic arts, as her mother called them. She was a good cook, could maintain order in a home, and perform all the duties flawlessly, but now that she had a farm of her own, she knew without a doubt she'd much rather be outside than in the house. Her spirit felt free out in the warm sunshine and clean air.

Maybe too free, she thought as she glanced at Garrett out of the corner of her eye. Reminding herself she was a new widow with no plans to be committed to another man, she straightened her spine and lifted her head. She would not allow her imagination or her longings to get the best of her.

"Here we are," Garrett said, stopping the buggy at the end of her walk. Before she could get out, he was at her side, placing his hands to her waist and swinging her to the ground. His hand engulfed hers and she felt a charge of something powerful work its way from her fingers up her arm at his touch. Pulling her hand free while she still had the ability to do so, she hurried up the step and opened the door. Garrett followed behind, carrying her purchases from town. Setting them on the kitchen table, he tipped his hat to her and walked out the door without another word.

Aundy sank down on a kitchen chair, wondering what she was going to do about her farm, her lack of employees, and her feelings for handsome Garrett Nash.

Chapter Seven

"I don't care what you think, I ain't leaving til I talk to her," a raspy voiced yelled from outside the front of the house.

Aundy dropped the book J.B. had given her to read about farming practices and hurried to open the door. Dent stood blocking the steps to a grizzled man, dressed in overalls so dirty it looked like he'd rolled around in a pigpen. Taking a breath, Aundy decided he smelled like it, too.

"You her?" he asked, raising his narrowed gaze to Aundy and spitting a stream of tobacco on the grass next to the front walk where he stood.

"I'm Mrs. Erickson," Aundy said, pulling the door shut behind her. There was no way on earth she wanted the dirty, smelly man in her clean house. She took a step forward and Dent backed up a step so he was standing directly in front of her.

"Mrs. Erickson," the man mimicked, waving a grime-encrusted hand in the air. "Ain't she all prissy and proper?"

"Marvin, if you think you need to speak to her, fine. Speak. But you'll keep a civil tongue in your head," Dent warned, trying to keep between the man and Aundy.

"I'll be fine, Dent," Aundy whispered, stepping beside him, trying to act much braver than she was feeling. "I'm sorry, sir. I've not yet had the pleasure of making your acquaintance."

"I'm certain it ain't gonna be a pleasure to either one of us, gal. My name's Marvin Tooley. Live over yonder," the man said as he stabbed his finger in the direction of the farm both Garrett and Erik had mentioned. No wonder they'd warned her to stay away from the crotchety man. "I come to see if you and I could strike a deal."

"What sort of deal?" Aundy asked. It had been three weeks since her hands quit and she and Dent hadn't been able to find anyone willing to work for a woman. Even though Dent would be doing the supervising, word had gotten around town she was running the Erikson place. She'd been reading the book J.B. gave her trying to decide the best course of action. She was strongly considering selling her cattle to try to relieve some of Dent's burden.

"I think it would be a right smart idea for us to get hitched," Marvin said, spitting another stream of tobacco.

Aundy had to fight to keep from wrinkling her nose in disgust. She was certain she'd misheard the man. "My apologies. I don't believe I heard you correctly. Could you please repeat your statement?"

"I said I want us to get hitched," Marvin said, taking a step forward while Aundy backed up behind Dent. Maybe she should have let him run the man off without speaking to him. If Marvin Tooley was the last man on the planet and the only way to keep from falling into a black abyss was to marry him, Aundy would gather her skirts and jump into the dark void without looking back.

"No," Aundy said, shaking her head. "No, Mr. Tooley. I won't marry you. The only reason you ask is that you want my farm. The answer is no."

"Figured you'd see it that way," Marvin said, scratching his rotund belly. "Then I'll make you an offer. I'll buy your place, fair and square. Everything on it, and I'll even let Dent and the boys keep working here, just to prove my generous nature."

Marvin threw out a figure that made Aundy laugh.

Dent and Marvin both turned to look at her in surprise.

"I can assure you, Mr. Tooley, I may be a woman, but my father didn't raise me to be a stupid one. The house is worth more than that by itself. If you're trying to insult me, you have more than accomplished the job," Aundy said, taking a step forward, no longer afraid of the man. "I'll say this once and you can tell it to whomever you like, but my farm isn't for sale. Not today, not tomorrow, not next month, not ever. I'm not interested in your deal or proposal and I won't be, so please don't offer again. Furthermore, my hands are not property. They are trusted friends so don't speak of them in such a manner. I'm sure you can find your way off my land. Good day."

Aundy turned and marched back in the house, shutting the door firmly behind her before going to the kitchen and making herself a bracing cup of tea. She was sitting there sipping it when a knock sounded on the kitchen door before Dent stuck his head inside, grinning broadly.

"Well, Missy. You sure set ol' Marvin on his ear. He lit out of here so mad, I'm fairly certain a layer or two of dirt may have steamed right off him," Dent said, letting out a chuckle as he sat down at the table and took the plate of cookies Aundy held out to him. She got up and poured him a glass of milk before resuming her seat.

"I didn't intend to make an enemy, but I'd die before I married someone like Marvin Tooley and there is no way I'm letting him get his hands on Erik's farm," Aundy said, feeling her anger stir again at the thought of what Marvin Tooley suggested. It was terribly insulting that he would think she'd be interested in tying herself to a filthy old man like him.

"Truth to tell, Marvin doesn't have any friends and he likes it that way. Heard he had a nice little family a long time ago, but something happened to them and he wasn't ever the same after it."

"That's terrible," Aundy said, helping herself to a cookie from the plate near Dent and dipping it in her tea before taking a bite. "I should have been kinder, but he caught me off guard."

"As fair warning, you ought to know he won't be the last. I heard some talk last time I was in town that there's a young widow out here and some fellers think they could take advantage of you."

"I'd like to see them try," Aundy said, glad Garrett had continued her shooting lessons. She was proficient with Erik's revolver and as soon as she got the cast off her arm, she planned to become equally as skilled at handling his rifle. A little gun that would fit in her reticule caught her eye at one of the stores the last time she and Nora went to town. With the information Dent just shared, she didn't think it would be a bad idea to look at purchasing it or something similar.

"Just be careful, Missy. Some of the men around here aren't what they seem," Dent said, finishing his milk and taking another cookie. Aundy had been able to use her arm enough to do a few things, like baking recently, which had endeared her to the hands who hadn't abandoned her and the farm. Her treats had gone a long way in soothing any ruffled feathers that a woman had taken over the farm. She'd also made an effort to get to know them and liked the men who stayed behind to work for her.

"Dent, what would you think if I decided to sell the cattle? Do you think it's the best decision?" Aundy asked, looking at her foreman, wanting his opinion on the matter that was weighing so heavily on her mind.

Instead of answering immediately, Dent brushed the crumbs from his cookies off the table into his hand and carried them to the sink. He leaned against it for a moment before answering her question. "As much as I hate to say it, there is no way we're going to make it with so few hands and so much work to do. If you sold the cattle, it would definitely ease the burden or you could think about renting out one of the sections of ground. Garrett would rent the one that borders their farm. If you did that, we might be able to make things work. A few more hands would sure make a big difference, but if we didn't have the cattle to look after, we could get along okay."

"That's what I thought," Aundy said, resigned to selling Erik's Shorthorns. She knew from his letters how proud he was of his herd, but she needed to save the farm and if selling the cattle would accomplish it, then so be it. "I'll speak with Garrett about finding a buyer. He said he knew someone in Umatilla who might be interested."

"That's a sound plan, Missy. Don't worry about it overmuch. Erik would be proud of how hard you're trying to keep things going," Dent said, smiling at her as he put on his hat and walked out the back door.

She certainly hoped what she was planning wouldn't have Erik turning over in his grave. From the information she'd read and from what J.B. told her, she had more in mind than just selling the cattle.

Due to her gender, she'd gotten the farm into an unexpected bind. Creative thinking might be the only way out of the mess she unknowingly created. They were far behind on the farm work because the hands had been taking care of the cows as they calved. Now that the calving was mostly finished, Dent was splitting the work between the cattle and fields.

Garrett had been good to send over extra help, but he had his own place to run and Aundy gently and kindly told him he had to stop sending over his men because he needed them at Nash's Folly. He'd argued with her, but she clamped her lips, straightened her spine and refused to discuss the matter further.

She hadn't talked to Garrett since then and missed his friendly smile and deep voice. Refusing to examine the reasons why his absence made her sad and lonesome, she decided to clear her head.

Going out to the barn, she caught one of the hands coming out the door and asked him to saddle Bell. She'd ridden the horse several times, but Dent was worried she'd fall off and hurt her arm, so he'd only allowed her to ride under close supervision.

Wanting to feel the warm spring breeze on her face and think about what she needed to do, Aundy ignored the voice in her head telling her to be cautious and instead settled her full skirt over the back of Bell and rode off toward one of the pastures. She knew Dent would have a fit if he found out she'd gone off by herself, but Aundy loved riding.

Growing up in the city, she'd never envisioned herself on a horse, let alone riding it astride, but she found it both exhilarating and calming. Bell seemed to like being out in the fresh air as well, shaking her head and taking a few dancing steps.

"It's a beautiful day, isn't it, Bell?"

Bell nodded her head and Aundy smiled. She loved the farm, the rolling fields that would soon be bursting with wheat, the green pastures, and the open sky. The animals brought her much joy, except for the chickens. She disliked the chickens and had a deep-seated fear of them flogging her, but she tamped it down and dutifully gathered the eggs every day.

The little rooster, Napoleon, had given her a wide berth since she knocked him senseless with her cast, but she didn't trust him. Convinced he was plotting his next move, she kept an eye on him the entire time she gathered eggs. As soon as she brought her sister to the farm, Aundy decided gathering eggs would become Ilsa's responsibility.

Smiling at the thought of her lovely, feminine sister carefully plucking an egg from a nest, Aundy couldn't stop the laughter that bubbled inside her from spilling over her lips.

"What's so funny?"

Aundy gasped and spun around in the saddle, yanking Bell to a stop. Bell sidestepped and jerked her head, but obeyed Aundy's command. She looked across the fence to see Garrett watching her, a smile on his handsome face as he leaned on the saddle horn, his hat tipped back and his eyes glowing like liquid metal.

"You startled me," Aundy said, wondering why Erik's closest neighbor had to be one of the most attractive men she'd ever seen, with an easy-going personality and engaging smile. It would be so much easier to deal with one who was short, homely and cranky, like Marvin Tooley.

"Sorry, Aundy," Garrett said, rubbing his hand along Jester's neck. He'd been out riding, checking the fence line, and was surprised to see Aundy on Bell. He knew Dent was teaching her to ride, but didn't realize she'd taken to it so quickly. When he saw the smile on her sweet lips break into a laugh, the sound penetrated his heart so deeply, he felt the need to rub his hand across his chest to release the ache. "Something must have made you laugh."

"It did," she said, turning Bell around so she was heading the same direction as Garrett. They rode side by side on either side of the fence. "I'm not particularly fond of gathering the eggs and one little rooster has declared me a sworn enemy. What made me laugh was picturing my sister gathering the eggs."

"She doesn't like chickens?"

"She's never seen a chicken. At least before it was ready to be fried or baked," Aundy said, thinking whoever married Ilsa would have to be wealthy enough to hire a cook. While Ilsa received the same training from their mother that Aundy did, she abhorred cooking, especially anything that had once been alive. The girl much preferred to sit and sew than anything else. With her dislike of noise, dust and smells, life on the farm was going to be an even bigger adjustment for her than it was for Aundy. "My sister is not fond of the outdoors."

"Really? I assumed sisters would be alike. Is she tall like you?" Garrett asked, picturing a younger version of Aundy, a tall girl with freckles on her nose and blond hair in braids.

"Goodness, no," Aundy said, laughing again. "My sister looks like a girl should. Petite, ladylike, delicate. She's perfect."

"She can't be perfect," Garrett said with a teasing smile. "You just said she isn't like you."

"Mr. Nash," Aundy said, her cheeks turning pink at his words.

"What people view as perfect back in the big city might not be as perfect out here on a farm. Someone not afraid to learn something new, to get their hands dirty, to do what needs done without complaint, I call that close to perfect," Garrett said, admiring again his spirited neighbor.

She'd never once complained about anything and had made great strides the last few weeks learning about farming. His dad thought she was smart and clever. He tried to block what else his father said from his mind because the comments about "hanging on to a gal like that" echoed his own sentiments on the subject.

There was very little about Aundy he didn't admire. Except maybe the way she could clamp her lips together, set her jaw and be so stubborn even he backed down, like she forced him to do when she told him to quit sending over his hands. He knew Dent and the men were struggling, but he wouldn't go behind her back and send some of his men over after she'd asked him to refrain. It was hard not to get involved, but he was trying to mind his own business.

Deciding he would see her home, Garrett stopped Jester and opened a gate in the fence, leading the horse through before closing the gate and mounting the horse.

"I'll ride home with you," Garrett said, trying to think of some excuse to escort her home. "I've been meaning to ask Dent something, so if you don't mind, I'll do it now before I forget."

Pleased to be riding alongside Garrett, Aundy nodded her head as they continued toward the house.

"I'm ready to sell the cattle," Aundy said, taking Garrett by surprise.

He turned in the saddle to look at her, make sure he heard her correctly. "Are you certain?"

"Yes," Aundy said, releasing a soft sigh Garrett would have missed if he hadn't been watching her face so attentively. "Dent and I discussed it earlier this afternoon and we agree it's what needs done if we're going to keep the farm. Apparently, working for a woman is something akin to selling your soul to Beelzebub, so we're just going to have to figure out how to run this place with a smaller crew."

Garrett couldn't help the chuckle that escaped at her comment, causing her to look at him with a raised brow, although she smiled. "I'd sign on to work for you without thinking twice."

"Thank you, Garrett. I appreciate that," Aundy said, looking over the farm from their vantage point on top of the hill behind the barn. She loved this land with a possessive fierceness she'd never imagined she could feel. "However, since you're in charge of Nash's Folly and a very busy man, I'll have to make the best of things. I do have a favor to ask, though."

"Anything," he said, meaning it. He'd do anything for the golden-haired woman riding beside him. Although he'd known her for only a short while, he felt like she'd been part of his life for a long time, like a close friend.

"Would you contact the man you said might be interested in buying the herd? It would make me feel better to keep them together. I know it's silly, but... I..."

"I'll get in touch with him as soon as possible," Garrett said, reaching out a hand and placing it on Aundy's arm. She could feel the heat of his fingers searing her skin even through his glove and her sleeve. "And it isn't silly. I'm fairly certain he'll want them all. If not, I'll see if I can find another buyer."

"I appreciate your help with the matter. Perhaps you or your father could advise me as to a fair asking price," Aundy said, realizing she had no idea what three hundred head of cattle would be worth, along with their newborn calves.

Garrett stated a number that made Aundy shoot him a wide-eyed look indicating her shock at the amount.

"I think I mentioned cattle are bringing a good price right now in the local market, so it really is a good time to take advantage of it," Garrett said. "Don't worry about the negotiations. I'd be happy to make the arrangements."

"Would the buyer object to working with a woman?" Aundy asked, thinking she had to jump in and learn at some point. She couldn't always depend on the Nash family, particularly Garrett, to come to her rescue.

"I don't know, but I guess we'll find out, won't we?" Garrett said, grinning at Aundy.

"I guess we will."

"Thank you, Mrs. Erickson. We'll be out tomorrow to move the cattle," Hiram Anderson said as he shook Aundy's hand and walked out of the bank.

After Garrett contacted Hiram about buying Aundy's cattle, the man agreed to meet with her over lunch to discuss the purchase.

Trusting Hiram, Garrett still felt the need to escort her to not only make the introductions, but also ensure the deal was fair for Aundy.

As he introduced Hiram to his neighbor, he watched the man size her up and could see he gave his approval. Sticking out a beefy hand in greeting, Garrett was pleased Hiram conducted business with Aundy as he would have any man, minus his usual questionable language and a trip to the saloon to seal the deal.

Aundy seemed to like Hiram as well, offering him a genuine smile and speaking to him confidently. When they agreed upon a price and terms, Garrett suggested they run by the attorney's office to have paperwork completed then to the bank where Hiram left half the payment for the herd and would pay the remainder after he took possession the following day.

Watching Hiram shake Aundy's hand, Garrett felt a foreign warmth invading his heart. He was so proud of the woman who had come so far from the mud-covered girl standing on his mother's front porch.

"I'll look forward to seeing you at the farm tomorrow, Mr. Anderson. Thank you, again," Aundy said, turning to see Garrett staring at her. She put a hand up to her hat but it felt like it was on straight, so she glanced nervously at her shirtwaist and didn't see anything amiss. Smoothing her skirt and tugging the hem of her jacket, she turned her gaze down the street and began walking in the direction of the doctor's office.

"Before we leave town, do you mind if we stop by Doc's office?" Aundy asked as Garrett fell into step beside her. He tried to ignore the admiring glances men shot Aundy's direction. If he paid too close attention to them, he might give in to the temptation to punch someone in the nose.

Garrett was the last person who would lose his temper or pick a fight, but something about Aundy made him feel protective and slightly unreasonable. "That's fine. Are you not feeling well?" Checking her over from head to toe, he noted her face wasn't flushed. Pink roses blossomed on each cheek and she looked like a picture of health with her freckled nose, bright eyes, and rosy lips tipped up in a grin.

"I'm just fine," she said, turning to gaze at him with a smile that said she was keeping secrets. "I just wanted to ask Doc a question."

"I see," Garrett said, although he didn't. He had no idea what kind of question Aundy would be asking the doctor and worry niggled in the back of his mind. He'd never been a worrier before meeting the intriguing woman, either.

About as easy-going and laid-back as they came, Garrett didn't like the feeling of unease that settled over him as he thought about all the possible reasons Aundy would need to see the doctor.

"I'll just be a moment," Aundy said, stepping inside the doctor's office. Garrett followed on her heels, taking a seat in the waiting room while Aundy spoke with a woman seated at a desk, trying to maintain order in the doctor's chaotic office.

The woman smiled and nodded her head, then motioned for Aundy to take a seat. She sat down beside Garrett and he fought the urge to take her hand in his. Instead, he leaned forward with his elbows on his knees and jiggled one foot impatiently, one more thing he'd never done until he met Aundy.

"If you'd rather wait outside or have any errands you'd like to run, I can meet you back at the buggy," Aundy said, trying to hide her amusement at Garrett's restlessness.

"I'm fine right here."

"Of course you are. How silly of me," Aundy said with a hint of sarcasm, making Garrett offer her a hangdog look. He stopped jiggling his foot and sat back in the chair. Aundy asked him questions about his herd of cattle, if he was through with spring planting, and if he thought he would have time to give her another shooting lesson the following week.

"You can practice without me there," Garrett said, encouraging Aundy to use the guns that had been Erik's and were now hers. "You're good enough you don't need anyone watching over you."

"Thank you," Aundy said, smiling at his praise. "I wanted..."

Aundy was interrupted by the doctor's assistant and taken to the examination room where the doctor greeted her.

"Aundy, what a pleasure to see you," Doc said, giving her a friendly pat on the shoulder. "You look too healthy to be ailing with anything, so I guess you'd probably like to see about getting that cast off your arm. Has it been six weeks already?"

"Yes, sir," Aundy said, removing her jacket and holding out her arm while the doctor pushed up her sleeve. "Six weeks and three days, to be exact."

"In that case, let's see if we can take this off today," Doc said, examining Aundy's arm. He smiled and stepped out of the room, returning with his assistant. In no time at all, Aundy's arm was free of the cast. The skin looked a little pale and shriveled, but other than that, it felt wonderful to have the cast off.

The doctor made her move her arm in a range of motions then gave her a list of exercises to build back the strength.

"I know this is going to be challenging for you, but you really do need to gradually build your strength and not over use it. If you do, you'll be sorry down the road. If you follow my orders, you'll be back to one hundred percent in no time at all," Doc said as Aundy fastened the buttons on her sleeve and slipped into her jacket.

"Thank you so much, Doc. I promise to behave," Aundy said, grinning broadly as she walked back to the waiting area and paid for her visit. Garrett got to his feet, still wondering what Aundy was doing.

"Are you okay?" he asked as they walked down the boardwalk in the direction of the buggy.

"Better than okay. Great, actually," Aundy said, feeling so much lighter with the cast gone. She swung her arm as they walked and Garrett suddenly grabbed her other arm, pulling them to a stop beside his buggy.

"I completely forgot about your cast. You don't let it slow you down and you keep it covered up all the time. Did Doc take it off?" Garrett asked, reaching over to touch Aundy's arm through her jacket, not caring if it was appropriate or not. He could feel warmth seeping into his palm and grinned. "Why didn't you tell me you were getting the cast off?"

"I wasn't sure Doc would take it off and besides, I was thoroughly enjoying your inability to figure out why I wanted to visit Doc. Honestly, Garrett, what did you think was wrong with me? I have a strong constitution and a stubborn streak a mile-wide. You won't find a woman in much better health than me," Aundy said, smiling tauntingly at Garrett as he helped her into the buggy.

"How did you...? Never mind," Garrett said, feeling silly and a little stupid. He agreed with Aundy, though. He'd be hard-pressed to find a female more robust and vibrant than the one sitting beside him.

Chapter Eight

"There they go," Dent said, watching as Hiram Anderson and his men drove the cattle up the road. They would hit open range and drive the cattle west to Hiram's ranch. Dent sent their hands along to help until they got past the neighboring farms.

"Indeed," Aundy said, sitting on Bell as she watched the mass of cattle plod along, churning the road to dust as the cowboys drove them forward.

"Are you doing okay, Missy?" Dent asked, looking at Aundy in concern. He knew how hard it was for her to make the decision to sell the cattle.

"I'm fine, Dent. I just feel like I've somehow let Erik down," Aundy said, her normally straight spine bent and her shoulders drooping.

"Erik would be proud that you made a good decision and are doing what you can to keep the farm going. Don't worry about the cattle. Maybe we'll have another herd on the place someday," Dent said, turning his horse toward the house.

Aundy followed behind, glad Garrett was tied up with a broken piece of equipment that needed immediate repairs and wasn't able to come over. She didn't want him to see her fight back the tears that threatened to spill over or the defeat that weighed heavy on her shoulders.

Wishing she could think of some way to generate more income, she knew it couldn't increase the workload. Her crew was stretched way too thin as it was. The payment from the cattle was a boon, but Aundy felt driven to make the farm prosperous, like it would have been under Erik's direction.

Keeping her thoughts to herself, she unsaddled Bell and brushed her down at the barn before returning to the house. Needing a distraction, Aundy made a batch of butter cookies then decided to prepare a nice dinner for her men. She was pulling a pan of rolls out of the oven when the hands rode up to the barn.

Aundy hurried out the kitchen door and down the steps, waving a dishtowel at them to get their attention. She needed to have someone make her a triangle like Nora had at her house. It would sure come in handy.

"Something wrong, Mrs. Erickson?" the hand who also did most of the cooking in the bunkhouse asked, hurrying her direction when he saw her approach.

"No, George. I just wanted to invite you boys for supper. You've had a long day and I thought you might like a hot meal."

"That's right nice of you, Mrs. Erickson. We'll wash up and be in directly," George said, nodding toward the three other hands who were storing their tack and brushing down their horses.

"Wonderful," Aundy said, hurrying back in the house and setting the big kitchen table. She didn't think the men would appreciate sitting in the dining room surrounded by gleaming china and starched linen.

A knock sounded on the kitchen door and Dent stuck his head inside as Aundy was setting a bowl of mashed potatoes on the table. "Please, come in."

"You sure you want all of us in here?" Dent asked, stepping inside followed by the other four hands. George, Bill, Glen, and Fred all had freshly scrubbed hands and faces. George and Glen had gone to the effort of changing their shirts and combing their hair.

"Please, have a seat. Feeding you dinner is the least I can do after all your hard work rounding up the cattle today," Aundy said, taking a seat at the table so the men would stop feeling the need to be formal and stand. They all sat and Aundy looked at Dent, asking him to say grace. Although the words he said were brief, it was easy to tell they were heartfelt.

The men dug into the food with enthusiasm, offering praise for Aundy's cooking. When she brought out a chocolate cake for dessert, she thought more than one of them looked a little excited at the prospect of something sweet.

"You didn't make that just for us, did you?" Fred asked, trying not to look overly eager for a piece of cake.

"I did," Aundy said with a smile as she cut generous slices and placed them on plates along with a dollop of freshly whipped cream.

Thanks to the milk cows, she never lacked for fresh milk, cream or butter. Although the men brought her a pail of milk every morning, not one of them said a word about her learning to milk the cows. As soon as she regained the strength in her arm, she knew the chore was one she should eventually take over.

Keeping a few cows for milking and beef, Dent said they'd need to get a new bull or borrow one from a neighbor.

Garrett would give her good advice on whether to buy or borrow one. Realizing she depended more and more on his input, Aundy needed to stop leaning on him and stand on her own two feet.

"Mrs. Erickson, I think this is the best thing I've ever tasted," Glen said, closing his eyes as he savored the last bite.

"Would you like more? There's plenty."

"Yes, ma'am!" Five eager faces looked at her, waiting for a second piece.

When they finished their cake and were drinking cups of hot coffee, Aundy asked them for ideas on bringing in more income. They discussed several options, everything from planting experimental crops to renting out one or two sections of land.

"Maybe we could get us a herd of sheep," Bill said, grinning at Fred before looking at Aundy. "They don't take much care and some people are making a small fortune from the wool."

"There ain't no way on God's green earth I'm gonna wrangle woolies for a living," Fred said, shooting Bill a dark glare.

Bill gave Fred a good-natured shove. "I was only joshing ya. We all know how much you hate sheep."

"They stink, they're stupid, and I can't abide them," Fred said hotly as he finished his coffee. Aundy refilled his cup then returned to her seat.

"Are they really easy to care for?" Aundy asked, curious. She hadn't seen any sheep on nearby farms and tried to remember what she read about them in the books J.B. had given her.

"All you need to raise sheep is pasture, a good dog, and a shepherd. From what I've seen, you can run five to eight head of sheep on what it takes to feed one cow. You don't have to ride herd over them like you do cattle. Just turn 'em loose and let 'em grow," Bill said.

"Do they really stink?" Aundy asked, looking at Fred.

He nodded his head. "To high heaven and back again."

After a few more teasing comments, the men finished their coffee, thanked Aundy again for the meal and sauntered out the door.

Finishing the dishes, Aundy went to the front room and started flipping through the books she borrowed from J.B. Surely one of them had information about sheep.

After church services, Aundy was standing with Nora listening to a group of women talk about getting together for a quilting bee. Aundy absently nodded her head when one of the women asked if she would join them.

Centering her attention on the discussion of a group of men off to her left, Aundy was frustrated she couldn't march right up to them and be a part of it. Hearing the words sheep and wool several times, she tried to listen to the conversation over the chatter of the women.

Taking a few deliberate steps that direction, she finally heard enough to figure out they were talking about the price of wool and who was raising the best sheep in the area. She caught a few details and wished she had something to write on, desperately wanting to take notes. How she dreamed, for just a moment, she could be a man.

An idea she thought would bring in a good profit for the farm with a minimal amount of additional work was simmering in her head, but finding someone who would do business with a woman was proving difficult. It would have been a simple thing to ask Garrett to help her, but she wanted to do this on her own, without his help or that of J.B.

After asking at the general store, the post office, the newspaper office, and a few other businesses around town, the men all shook their heads and told her to go back to taking care of her house and leave the discussion of farming to men.

"Eavesdropping?" a deep, familiar voice asked, stirring the hair by her ear. Turning her head, she looked into the broad smile and silvery eyes of Garrett. "What are you doing?"

"Trying to listen, but the chatter of the magpies is drowning out the conversation," Aundy said, tipping her head toward the group of elderly women gathered around Nora.

Garrett threw back his head and laughed, causing more than a few glances their direction. His mother shot him a scowl that he ignored as he ushered Aundy out to the surrey where J.B. was waiting.

"You want to come over for more lessons this week, Aundy?" J.B. asked as Garrett helped her into the back of the surrey.

"If you have time, I'd like that very much. I have some questions I wanted to ask you," Aundy said, adjusting her skirts as she settled back against the plush seat. Nora had taken Aundy to town several times in a small buggy, but on Sunday, the family took the canopy-topped surrey to church. Garrett left his house early to swing by and pick up Aundy. Ignoring her protests she could get herself to town, Garrett made sure he had plenty of time to get her and stop back by Nash's Folly for his folks. Dent and two of her four hands often rode their horses into church, and Aundy knew if she asked, Dent would hitch up the buggy or wagon for her and take her himself.

"Why don't you come over tomorrow morning once you get done scaring your chickens," J.B. said, looking over his shoulder at Aundy. She suddenly realized where Garrett got his teasing grin. It came straight from his father.

"You boys be nice to our girl," Nora said, stepping up to the surrey just in time to see J.B. say something that made Aundy's cheeks turn bright red.

"Yes, ma'am," Garrett and J.B. said in unison, although Garrett shot a wink at Aundy before he picked up the reins and guided the horse out of town.

Later that week, Aundy saddled Bell and rode her to Nash's Folly, taking along a basket of fresh cinnamon muffins she'd made. Nora would no doubt have already served breakfast, but the men often liked a mid-morning snack.

Leaving Bell at the barn, she walked to the kitchen door and knocked. Clomping boots let her know Garrett was still in the house as he pulled the door open and gave her a smile that weakened her knees.

"Good morning, Aundy," Garrett said, welcoming her into the kitchen. "Pops will be right out. He was helping Ma get something off a shelf in their room. Who knows what she's got planned today."

Smiling, Aundy set the basket on the table and removed her hat and gloves, leaving them by the door.

"Do I smell cinnamon?" Garrett asked, pushing aside the napkin covering the basket. "Did you make these?"

"No, I plucked them from the muffin tree on my way here," Aundy said, trying to keep a serious expression on her face.

Garrett looked up in surprise then broke into a broad grin.

"Mrs. Erickson, I do believe you are a bit sassy this morning," Garrett said, snatching a warm muffin from the basket and biting into it. "This is really good. Maybe you can give Ma your recipe, or just make me some more. I'm quite partial to cinnamon treats."

"I'll keep that in mind," Aundy said, tucking away that information for later use.

Nora breezed into the kitchen, followed by J.B., and gave Aundy a big hug. "What did you bring, Aundy?"

"Cinnamon muffins. Apparently they grow on trees over at the Erickson place," Garrett said, taking another one from the basket as he grabbed his hat and work gloves and went out the door with a teasing grin.

"I think that boy is working too hard. He's talking crazy," Nora said, making Aundy a cup of tea and pouring a cup of coffee for J.B. "I'm going to work on cutting out some quilt pieces in the parlor, but if you need anything, just holler."

"Thanks, Nora," Aundy said, sitting down at the table with a notebook and pencil she'd brought along.

"What would you like to talk about today?" J.B. asked, leaning back in his chair and taking a drink of hot coffee.

"Animals," Aundy said, and proceeded to ask J.B. about every type of farm animal she could think of, including sheep.

"What's the interest in animals?" J.B. asked, helping himself to a muffin while Aundy poured him another cup of coffee. She spent so much time in the Nash's kitchen, she felt as at home there as she did anywhere.

"Just curious," Aundy said, toying with her teacup. "If you knew someone who wanted to find out more about a certain type of enterprise, where would you recommend they go to glean the information they would need to further pursue their interests?"

J.B. chuckled. "If it was a man, I'd tell him to go Underground on a Friday night. You can hear more gossip and truth in an hour there than you can anywhere else the rest of the week combined."

"The underground? Like in a hole?" Aundy asked.

"Land sakes, girl. You haven't heard about the Underground yet?"

When Aundy shook her head, J.B. leaned toward her conspiratorially. "Nora'd have my head if she knew I told you, but there are tunnels under part of the town connecting some businesses of questionable nature. They started out as service tunnels to legitimate businesses then they added a card room and saloons, Chinese laundries, that sort of thing. A lot of men spend their free time there and you can hear just about any news you want."

"Really?" Aundy said, shocked by this revelation. "Where are the tunnels?"

"You ever notice the grates set in the boardwalks in town?" J.B. asked.

"Yes, I commented on them to Nora one day. All she said was to never stand on top of one and they were nothing I wanted to be concerned with."

Laughing, J.B. shook his head. "That sounds about like Nora. Any number of businesses near those grates has an entry to the tunnels."

"Oh, my," Aundy said, digesting this tidbit of information.

"I hope you keep in mind that the tunnels aren't a fit place for a lady, especially a young lady who's already been getting more attention than she wants."

Aundy nodded in agreement. Since the weather had warmed and the roads dried out, a steady stream of callers had arrived at her door, with both propositions and proposals. Young, old, poor, rich, handsome, and filthy - she'd seen just about every type of man come calling in an effort to gain access to Erik's farm. Garrett had taken to coming around in the evenings, when the men seemed most inclined to call, after their daily work was finished. When he couldn't make it over, he somehow made sure Dent or one of the hands was conveniently working near the house to keep an eye on things.

Hoping the novelty of her being newly widowed would soon wear off, Aundy was tired of the callers. She never thought she'd live to see the day she was popular with the male population, but then again, they weren't interested in her. All they could see were acres of farmland ready for the taking. Or so they thought.

The only visitor who arrived not spouting proposals was Ashton Monroe. Since he hadn't said anything Garrett or Dent deemed inappropriate, they didn't get worked up when he came to visit, although neither one of them seemed very fond of the man.

Ashton was funny, charming, and almost pretty in features. He told entertaining stories, made Aundy feel smart and witty, and seemed to enjoy being casual friends.

Although Nora disliked him, Aundy couldn't help but enjoy his company. She hadn't seen him for a week or so and wondered if he was out of town again. Frequently gone on business, Aundy wasn't exactly sure what it was Ashton did for a living, other than travel around and check on his investments.

"I better get home," Aundy said, gathering her things before slipping on her hat and gloves.

"Remember what I said, Aundy," J.B. cautioned, helping himself to another muffin. "No ladies Underground and especially not on a busy Friday night."

"I'll remember," Aundy said, walking to the parlor where Nora sat cutting fabric.

"Leaving so soon, honey?" Nora asked, setting down her scissors and getting to her feet to give Aundy a hug. Aundy would have thought it comical since she was so tall and Nora so petite, but she wouldn't trade the motherly hugs for anything.

"Yes, I need to get home. I have some things I should take care of today," Aundy said, brushing at her skirt. She loved to ride, but her skirts weren't designed for straddling a horse. She'd been meaning to make some riding skirts, but hadn't found the time to sew. She might stay up late and make one just to be able to ride more comfortably. With her sewing knowledge, she could make her own pattern, but it would save her time if Nora had one she could borrow. "You don't happen to have any patterns for riding skirts, do you?"

"I don't, but Erik's mother had several. She loved to ride Bell, you know. Didn't you say Erik never bothered to clean out her clothes? They should be in the closet. Her clothes might be a little short for you, but with a wide hem, they should work just fine."

"I'll have to see what I can find" Aundy said, thinking she might have to finally clean out the two empty bedrooms in the house. At least go through Erik's mother's clothes. If his mother had dresses more suited to a farm wife than the city clothes she'd been wearing, Aundy would alter them as well. She had already ruined one of her favorite skirts working outside. The fine fabric wasn't made for farm work.

"Sure you don't want to stay for lunch?" Nora asked, walking Aundy to the door.

"Not today, but thanks for asking," Aundy said, kissing Nora on the cheek and hurrying down the steps and around to the barn. Bell greeted her with a happy whinny and they were soon running down the road toward home.

After brushing Bell, Aundy sat at the kitchen table reviewing her notes from J.B. and reading through a few pages of Erik's animal husbandry book.

With her mind made up of what she wanted to do, she decided after lunch to clean out the two vacant bedrooms. Starting with Mr. and Mrs. Erickson's room, she opened the door and admired the colorful quilt on the bed. Stripping off all the linens, she knew they probably needed a good washing and put them in a pile by the washing machine on the back porch to take care of later.

Returning to the room, she discovered Erik left everything as his parents had, since the drawers in the dresser were full of personal belongings. Feeling like a trespasser or thief, Aundy looked around the room at the items that once belonged to the Erickson's. She wanted to shut the drawers, slam the door, and not ever enter the room again.

Instead, her practical nature ruled over her emotions as she went to the storage shed where Dent kept things they might need and found several old fruit crates. Carrying them to the back porch, she wiped them down before taking them into the house to the bedroom.

Going through one drawer at a time, she sorted the items into piles. Some things needed thrown away, the worn clothes would become rags, and the packets of letters she would set aside to decide what to do with later.

Books she placed on the bookshelf in the front room. Photographs went in the box with the letters. A trunk in the closet revealed three heavy sweaters in Nordic patterns, a beautiful white shawl made of the finest wool, extra linens and another colorful quilt, along with many pieces of Rosemaling painted china.

Admiring the detailed work and warm colors on the china, Aundy decided the dishes should be displayed in the dining room instead of hidden away in the closet. After finding places for the pieces in the china cupboard, she finished digging in the trunk and discovered a few more books printed in Norwegian. She added those to the bookshelf in the front room.

A smaller trunk on a shelf featured a vibrant Rosemaling design of blue with green and gold accents. Aundy loved it and decided she'd like to have it in her room. Opening the lid, she removed what must have been Mrs. Erickson's wedding gown. Shaking out the folds, Aundy admired the skillful stitching and care that had gone into the garment. Carefully folding it, she set it in the trunk with the sweaters, linens and quilt, keeping out the white shawl to wear.

Carrying the small trunk to her room, she set it on a chest of drawers and admired how well it matched the blue and yellow quilt on her bed.

Returning to the other bedroom, she sorted through Mrs. Erickson's clothing, finding several calico dresses that would be much better suited to wearing on the farm than Aundy's current wardrobe. Although somewhat dated and out of style, Aundy didn't think the chickens or the vegetable garden would care.

Setting the dresses aside, she found three riding skirts in good condition and tried them on. Standing in front of the mirror, she saw the skirts were short, but otherwise fit her very well. Examining the wide hems, she was relieved to know she could lengthen them enough to wear without causing any scandal over a short hemline.

More digging resulted in the discovery of a pair of cowboy boots and two pairs of shoes. Taking off her own shoes, she found Mrs. Erickson's fit her well, if not somewhat loose. A little padding in the toe would fix the problem.

Trying on the boots, Aundy felt the soft leather and looked at the scuffed toes and worn-down heels. Unlike any boots she'd seen a woman wear, she thought they must have been special made just for Erik's mother. They definitely looked like men's western boots, only smaller. Wiggling her toes, she concluded a pair of thicker socks would remedy the problem of the boots fitting.

Getting to her feet and clomping around the room, an idea began to blossom in her head. As the blossom reached full bloom, Aundy upended the box of men's clothes she'd just carefully packed onto the bed and began searching through the items. Pulling out pants, a shirt, vest and tie, she reached into the closet to grab a coat. Trying on the clothes, she decided to put her plan into action that very night.

Giddy with excitement, she dug around on the closet shelf, finding a broad-brimmed hat. Settling it on her head, she glanced in the dresser mirror. Adjusting the strap beneath her chin to hold the hat in place, she pulled down the brim until it shadowed her eyes. With some soot on her cheeks and jaw to look like a man's stubbly whiskers, she thought she might get away with her little deception.

Changing back to her clothes, she took the men's clothes to her room, finished packing up the bedroom, leaving the boxes stacked by the door and went to Erik's room, looking for some cologne or aftershave. Finding a bottle of Bay Rum, she took it to the bathroom and left it sitting on a shelf by the mirror.

When Dent stopped by after supper to see if she needed anything, it was difficult for her not to share her plans. Instead, she told him she was fine, but thought she might like to go for a ride before it got dark. Dent said he'd have someone saddle Bell and leave her tied to the fence out front.

"Thanks so much, Dent," Aundy said, giving him a handful of the butter cookies he seemed to enjoy as he made his way out the door.

Opening the stove door, Aundy gathered a cup of ashes and took them to the bathroom. Washing her hands, she went to her room where her disguise, as she had decided to call it, awaited.

Recalling what J.B. said about the Underground not being a place for a lady, especially not on a Friday night, Aundy also remembered what he said about it being the best place to gather information.

And information is what Aundy wanted. No one took her seriously as a woman, so if she had to pretend to be a man to accomplish what she wanted to do, then so be it.

Wrapping her chest tightly, so it looked as flat as possible, Aundy pulled on a thick, coarse man's undershirt. Over her own bloomers, she tugged on a pair of pants that belonged to Erik's father. Erik must have gotten his height from his mother's side of the family, because his father's pants were just the right length for Aundy. Once she had the boots on, they might even be a little short.

Putting on a thick pair of socks, she pulled on the boots and tugged the pants down over the tops. Buttoning a cotton work shirt, she stuffed the hem into the waistband of the pants. The blue and white striped shirt reminded her of hundreds just like it she'd sewn at the factory. Fastening on suspenders, she gave them a playful snap, grinning to herself as she settled them in place.

Putting on a dark blue vest, she buttoned it and glanced in the mirror. The transformation was taking shape, but she'd have to do something about her hair. Unpinning it, she combed it back from her forehead and wove it into a tight braid. Catching the end, she began stuffing it back up under itself and pinned it into place. Tying a black cloth over her head, she secured the ends in back and tucked them into the neck of the shirt. She hoped no one would notice it once she had the hat in place.

Going to the bathroom, she looked in the small mirror above the sink and carefully rubbed ashes into the skin along her jaw and chin, turning it a shade of gray. From a distance, in muted light, it might pass for a day's growth of beard.

Deciding her lips were far too rosy, Aundy used a little flour to make them look pale and dry, then reminded herself to not lick them.

Stepping back in her room, she put money in her vest pocket and a piece of paper with a pencil stub in her coat pocket. Slipping on the coat, she tugged the hat down on her head and stood in front of the mirror, eyeing herself critically.

With her tall height and build, she might just get away with pretending to be a man. Practicing a swaggering walk a few times, she giggled at herself then took a deep breath. She could do this and she would.

Walking to the front door, she stopped and turned back to unlock the desk drawer where she kept Erik's revolver. Taking it out of the drawer, she retrieved the holster and gun belt from Erik's room and fastened it around her hips, like she'd seen men wear them. Feeling like her gait would be lopsided from the extra weight on her hip, she walked a few circles around the front room then remembered she needed a pair of leather gloves. Hurrying into the kitchen, she put on a pair she'd used in the garden, thinking the soiled fingers would look like a man might have used them for hard labor.

Ready to leave, she remembered the Bay Rum in the bathroom and removed the gloves, splashing a little of the scent onto her hands, rubbing it on her neck and wiping her still damp fingers down the front of her shirt and pants. Jamming her fingers in the gloves, she decided she had to go before she came to her senses and changed her mind.

Running out the front door and down the porch steps, she felt quiet free and unhampered without her petticoats and skirts. Mounting Bell with ease, she thought she could quickly become accustomed to wearing pants.

Urging Bell into a fast canter down the lane before someone caught sight of her, she hurried the horse toward town.

Trying to decide which saloon would grant the fastest access to the Underground, she entered one she'd heard the hands talk about when they thought she wasn't listening.

Tying Bell to a hitching post around the corner, she swaggered down the boardwalk and in the swinging doors of a busy saloon. The stench of booze and cigar smoke made her want to cough while she fought to keep her eyes from watering. Pulling the brim of her hat down slightly and turning up the collar of her coat, she walked up to the bar and leaned one elbow on it, looking around.

"Help you, mister?" asked a middle-aged man who seemed rather bookish for a bartender.

"Maybe," Aundy said in a voice as deep and raspy as she could make it. "Have some business to do Underground."

"Is that so?" the bartender asked, continuing his efforts at polishing a glass while he spoke.

Aundy nodded her head.

"What makes you think we know anything about the Underground?" the bartender asked, setting down the shiny glass and picking up another to polish.

"Heard you were the best saloon in town. Figured you'd have other enterprises, beyond the saloon here," Aundy said, keeping her head down, pretending to study the worn finger of her glove. At least she wasn't lying. She had heard, via her hands, that this saloon was their favorite.

The bartender laughed. "Right you are. Go through that door and down the hall. Last door on the left will take you where you want to go."

"Much obliged," Aundy said, taking a coin from her vest pocket and laying it on the bar.

The bartender nodded his head at her and grinned.

Aundy went through the doorway he indicated and found herself in a dark hall. The muffled sounds she could hear made her want to cover her ears and sing a hymn so she walked quickly to the end of the doors, turning the knob on the last one to her left. It opened to reveal a dark staircase.

Easing her way down the stairs, Aundy came to another door and opened it to find a narrow corridor. Following it, she could smell strange scents and hear the rumble of a crowd. Reaching the end of the hallway, she straightened her vest, tightened the string under her chin holding the hat firmly in place, and opened the door.

She found herself looking at what appeared to be a small underground city. She could see a saloon, a sign for a bathhouse, and a Chinese laundry. Walking into the crowd, she ambled along, stunned to see so many people wandering around below the city. Trying to blend in, she listened to several conversations, but didn't pick up any good leads that would help satisfy her mission.

Following a group of men into a saloon, she found an empty place on the end of a long bar and ordered a sarsaparilla. The bartender gave her an odd look, but didn't ask any questions when she handed him a coin and nodded her head in thanks. She did not intend to drink anything, but thought people would pay less attention to her if she looked like she was nursing a drink.

Casting a glance around the room without raising her head, she took in a group of men sitting at a nearby table who were dusty and a little disheveled, but seemed to be having a good time. Turning their direction, she listened to their conversation as they played cards. Caught up in the tales of ranching and life on the trail, she didn't notice the saloon girl sidle up next to her until she felt someone squeeze her arm.

"Hey, sugar, ain't seen you round here afore," the girl said, leaning to press herself against Aundy's side. "You're a little shy, aren't you?"

Aundy thought she might die right there of embarrassment. Raising her head just enough to take in the girl's face, she was surprised to see someone who was extremely young. If she scrubbed off the makeup and dressed in respectable clothes, the girl would probably be quite pretty. Guessing her to be around sixteen, Aundy thought the girl's eyes held a haunted look, the gaze of one who had lost all innocence.

Appearing tawdry and gauche, the girl was excessively friendly for Aundy's liking.

"Not interested," Aundy said, staring down at her feet. "Please move along, miss."

"Everyone's interested, at least all men are," the girl said, taking a step back and studying Aundy speculatively. The way she was grinning, Aundy began to wonder if the girl figured out she wasn't a man.

"My name's Marnie. And you are?"

"Looking for information," Aundy said quietly, working to keep her voice low and raspy.

"What kind of information?" Marnie asked, leaning against the bar and twirling a gaudy fan by a silk cord she had wrapped around her wrist.

"Buying sheep," Aundy said, remembering not to lick her lips or press them together.

"Sheep, is it? Well, you probably ought to talk to Mr. O'Connell over there in the corner. He has a bunch he's been trying to sell so he can move on to greener pastures. Says he wants to head to California where they don't get snow and cold winters like we have here," Marnie said, pointing to a man sitting at a table in the corner by himself. "He's a nice man, even when he's drunk, and always gentle around women, at least to those who dress the part."

Aundy tried not to let her shock at that comment show on her face as she tipped her head to Marnie and touched the brim of her hat in thanks, like she'd watched men do all her life, and walked across the room.

"Mr. O'Connell?" she asked, standing beside his table. He looked up at her with a glazed expression. It was then Aundy noticed an empty whiskey bottle on the table. Repressing the sigh that inched up from her chest, she sat down when he pointed to a chair.

"Heard you have sheep for sale. I might know someone who'd be interested in buying."

"Oh, might ya now?" Mr. O'Connell said with an Irish lilt that made his words seem musical. "Faith, I've been a' tryin' to get rid of me woolies for months long past and had no takers. I was sittin' here tonight, ready to drown me sorrows and there ya' be. Giving me hope, at last."

Aundy asked questions about the type of sheep, the size of the herd, how much he wanted for the animals, if he was willing to deliver. When she was satisfied with the information, she took out her pencil and piece of paper and wrote down her name, instructing Mr. O'Connell to give Mrs. Erickson a call Monday morning or to stop by her farm to discuss the details. In turn, Aundy wrote down his last name and the approximate location of his farm, in case the half-drunk man lost the piece of paper before he got in touch with her.

"Thank you for your time," Aundy said, getting up from the table, more than ready to make an escape.

"Ya' can't up and leave yet. A drink must be shared at the prospect of selling me flock of sheep," Mr. O'Connell said, holding up his empty shot glass. "Marnie, me love, bring another bottle."

Aundy realized things could go quite badly from there, but knew a man would stay and take a drink to seal the deal.

Marnie brought over a bottle and another glass, setting it in front of Aundy. Giving her a wink, Marnie poured whiskey into each glass, then stood back, eyeing Aundy. Fairly certain the girl had seen through her disguise, Aundy hoped she wouldn't give her away.

"To a future without woolies," Mr. O'Connell said, holding his glass up before downing the contents in one quick swallow.

"To the future," Aundy said, holding her glass up and pretending to take a sip. There was no way that devil's poison, as she'd heard her mother call it, was touching her lips let alone sliding down her throat. She could almost feel the fire burning in her stomach from the smell alone.

"Ya hardly took a sip," Mr. O'Connell pointed out.

"Trying to cut back," Aundy said, reaching out her gloved hand to the man across the table. "Thank you."

"You're most welcome, lad. Thank you for giving me Mrs. Erickson's name."

Nodding her head in what she hoped was a masculine gesture, Aundy turned to leave and ran right into Ashton Monroe.

"Watch where you're going," Ashton grumbled giving Aundy a hard shove that sent her stumbling into an empty table. Keeping herself from falling by sheer determination, she mumbled an apology without raising her gaze.

Giving him a quick glance, she was shocked to see Ashton rumpled and grumpy. Always dressed immaculately with impeccable manners, he appeared quite disheveled. Glaring at her, his suit was wrinkled and flecked with dark stains, he wore no hat, and it looked as though he'd run his hands through his hair numerous times since it stood on end.

She started to walk past him out the door, but he grabbed her shoulder and held on.

"If you'd learn to walk with your head up instead of shuffling along looking at your feet, you might not go around bumping into people," Ashton said, giving her a violent shake before turning her loose.

Feeling anger boiling inside her, Aundy wanted more than anything at that moment to kick Ashton in the shin and slap his pretty face. What a pompous brute! Instead, she kept her head down, nodding it in agreement to his words.

"Yes, sir," she said, once again attempting to leave.

"Say, haven't I seen you around somewhere?" Ashton said, reaching out to grab the hat from her head. Aundy ducked at the same moment Marnie latched onto Ashton's arm, pulling his attention her direction.

"Ashton, honey, you come on over here and tell me where you've been the last week. I haven't seen you for days and days and it looks like you rode into town on a twister," Marnie said, sending Aundy another wink as Ashton followed her to the bar.

Mouthing "thank you" to the girl, Aundy hurried back out into the throng of people milling about and tried to figure out a way back up to street level. Deciding she probably wasn't going to be able to leave the same way she came in, she followed a couple of men who appeared to be going somewhere.

When they turned and entered an establishment Aundy refused to acknowledge even existed, she kept walking. The din of the crowd was fading and she followed a tunnel around a corner, thrilled to see a doorway up ahead.

Cautiously turning the knob, she let out the breath she was holding as her eyes adjusted to the dim light and she saw a staircase. Racing upward, she tripped over something on the top step and crashed into a solid door.

"Gracious," she whispered, thinking she'd have a bruise on her shoulder for certain. If Ashton's vice-like grip hadn't done it, her fall into the door would.

Looking down, she was shocked to discover the object she tripped over was a man. Unable to see more than an outline of shape in the darkness, she prayed the door would open outside somewhere and gave the knob a twist.

Fresh air blew across her face and she glanced around, realizing the door opened into a narrow alley.

The man at her feet moaned and Aundy bent over trying to decide if he was drunk or injured. Light spilling from the upstairs windows coupled with the last of fading daylight provided enough illumination for her to see the man was Chinese and his face was covered in blood.

"Mister, can you hear me?" Aundy asked, kneeling by him. Incapable of going off and leaving someone hurting, she felt compelled to offer her assistance.

A moan answered her question.

"We need to get you out of this place," Aundy said, not bothering to disguise her voice. Placing her hands beneath the man's shoulders, she lifted, hoping he'd be able to get to his feet. He opened the one eye that wasn't swollen shut and looked at her in surprise. She could tell he was in pain, but he managed to stand and let her help him as they shut the door and quietly made their way down the alley.

"Is there somewhere I can take you?" Aundy asked, wondering where the man lived.

He shook his head, and then gasped in pain, leaning more heavily on her. Several inches taller than he was, she easily bore his weight as she kept an arm around him.

"Then I guess you're going to have to let me take you to Doc's place or go home with me."

"You," the man whispered.

"You're going to have to ride my horse with me," Aundy said as they came out onto a street she thought she recognized. Walking as fast as she dared, Aundy tried to keep hidden in the shadows. Turning another corner, she breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Bell still tied to the hitching post down the street. "Almost there."

Reaching the horse, Aundy glanced around while Bell rubbed her head on her arm, trying to decide how she was going to get the injured man on Bell's back and to her home not to mention what she'd do with him once she got him there.

"You have to help me, mister. I can't get you up on Bell without you putting in a little effort," Aundy said, bending down and making a step by intertwining her fingers. The man swayed and began to fall to the ground, but strong arms caught him, keeping him upright.

"Thunderation, Aundy! That better not be you."

Chapter Nine

"What in blazes are you doing, woman?" Garrett fumed, clearly angry although his voice was barely more than a whisper.

Swallowing hard, Aundy found it impossible to make her brain and mouth function simultaneously.

Garrett shook his head, irritation oozing from him in booming waves that threatened to overtake her.

"Dressed like a man, dragging around half-dead Chinese immigrants. Are you wearing a gun? What in the he..." Garrett snapped his mouth shut before he said something he'd regret and expelled a sigh. "What exactly is going through that head of yours?" Garrett demanded. Carrying the Chinese man to his wagon parked across the street, he carefully placed him on a pile of sacks filled with feed.

Aundy followed him and was grateful to see the man was still breathing. "He indicated he didn't want to go to Doc's. I was going to take him home and see if I could help him."

"Just like that, you'd open your home to any stranger? You don't know a thing about him. For all you know, he could be a thief, a murderer. Ever consider that maybe he did something to get beat up like this?" Garrett asked, anger causing his shoulders to bunch and his jaw to clench.

"I..." Aundy started to say and Garrett held up his hand.

"Don't, Aundy. Just don't. You get on that horse and go home and we'll talk about why you're dressed like that later. I'll see if Ma can help your friend here. If he isn't better in the morning, I'll send for Doc," Garrett said, walking around the wagon and climbing on the seat. He watched as Aundy mounted and started down the street before guiding the wagon behind her.

Coming into town for a load of supplies at the feed store earlier in the afternoon, he ran into his friend, Kade Rawlings, one of the sheriff's deputies, and they enjoyed dinner at their favorite restaurant. Visiting longer than he planned, Garrett was starting for home when he noticed Bell tied to a hitching post around the corner from a saloon. Hoping he was mistaken, he parked the wagon and walked over to the horse, confirming it was in fact Bell.

Knowing the only person she'd let ride her was Aundy, he began searching for his neighbor, trying to think of any reason she would be in town on a Friday night, riding astride the horse instead of using the buggy.

He went into every respectable business that was still open then ventured to the saloon, trying to decide where Aundy could have disappeared.

Relieved he didn't find her in the drinking establishment, he went back outside and made another trip on foot through downtown, trying to think of anywhere she might be. Wondering if she was at the church for some reason, he started back to the wagon to head that direction when he noticed a cowhand helping a drunken Chinese worker down the street. He didn't think anything of it until they neared Bell.

The horse, who didn't tolerate any strangers and refused to let a man ride her, rubbed her head on the man's arm while the two stopped by her side.

With each step that drew him closer to the duo, Garrett felt something in his gut twist tighter and tighter as he concluded the cowpuncher had to be his spirited neighbor. Convinced his suspicion was accurate, he felt terror wash over him at what could have happened to her if anyone discovered her disguise. The terror quickly gave way to anger at her putting herself in danger whether she realized it or not.

Garrett was sure it had to be Aundy when the cowboy bent down and laced fingers together to make a step for the Chinese man. Men just didn't have curvy backsides like that or look so graceful in their movements. When she glanced at him with those beautiful blue eyes, he knew he was right.

He felt like turning her over his knee and paddling her attractive posterior. Instead, he caught the Chinese man before he could fall to the ground, carried him to the wagon and somehow heard himself say he was taking him home to Ma instead of to Doc or the sheriff's office.

Watching Aundy ride Bell with a straight spine and her head uplifted, he had no idea what she'd been thinking.

Why in the world was she dressed like a man and how on earth did she come to have a beaten Chinese man in her care?

He supposed he'd get the answers to his questions soon enough.

As they neared the lane that led to Nash's Folly, Aundy dropped back to ride beside him.

"Garrett, I'm sorry, but I'd really rather not go to your house looking like this. I don't want to upset Nora," Aundy said, feeling like some little part of her had died the moment Garrett figured out who she was. It was one thing to be dressed like a man when no one knew she was really a woman. It was an entirely different matter altogether to have Garrett see her dressed that way.

As much as she tried to deny it, she wanted to look nice when Garrett was around. She knew she wasn't beautiful, but something about seeing Garrett smile at her with his silvery eyes glowing like liquid metal made her feel feminine and attractive. The very last person she'd want to see her dressed like a man was Garrett Nash.

He'd not only seen her, but also seen right through her guise. She'd have to ask him sometime how he figured out so quickly who she was. Right after he started speaking to her again.

"Fine," he said, pointing a hand down the road toward the Erickson farm. "Get yourself home and be prepared to tell me all about your little adventure later. And don't you ever try something like this again. You hear me?"

Since he was already fuming, she let her temper rise, too. She didn't appreciate the way he was bossing her around, especially since her trip to town resulted in finding a herd of sheep to purchase. That was the whole point of her adventure and she was inordinately pleased with her successful efforts.

"I appreciate your assistance, Mr. Nash, truly I do. However, I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself. I'm a woman grown with a mind of her own, a strong constitution, and no man to answer to. Don't feel the need to give yourself the job because I'm not looking to fill the vacancy!"

Aundy gave Bell her head and took off down the road.

Stunned by Aundy's outburst, Garrett watched her race down the road, unable to think of a reply even if the infuriating woman had stayed to argue with him.

Turning the wagon toward his home, he felt a chuckle work its way up his chest and out his mouth. "She is something else," Garrett muttered to himself, thinking he would probably never meet anyone quite like Aundy Erickson again in his lifetime.

Admitting he may have been a little high-handed with her, he couldn't help it. Anytime he was around her, he felt an unreasonable need to protect her, to keep her safe and sheltered. Only Aundy wasn't the type of person to want protection. She was strong and resilient and, he was coming to discover, a bit of a free spirit.

Wondering where she was and what she'd been doing dressed like a cowhand, he had to acknowledge she did do a good job of posing as a man. If he hadn't been so curious about the horse's reaction to her, he probably wouldn't have thought twice about how she looked. It was Bell's friendly greeting that made him realize there was only one person the picky mare would allow that close.

Stopping the wagon at the end of the front walk, Garrett set the brake, jumped down and ran in the house where he let his parents know they were about to have unexpected company.

Nora hastened to prepare a bed and J.B. hobbled to the door, holding it open as Garrett carried the Chinese man inside.

An hour later, Nora declared the man badly beaten, but thought he would be fine with some rest and care. He had a few cracked ribs, numerous cuts on his face, and he'd have a doozy of a black eye. Other than looking like someone used him for a punching bag, he'd make a full recovery.

Frightened, the man stirred and looked around with the one eye that would open. Nora assured him he was safe and offered him a drink of water. After taking a sip, he settled back down and went to sleep.

"I'll sit with him for a while," J.B. said, taking a seat on the chair near the bed. "Nora, honey, go on to bed and get some rest. You'll no doubt have a full day of doctoring our guest tomorrow. I can take the night watch."

"I can sit up with him, Pops," Garrett said, watching as his dad leaned back in the chair and stretched out his leg.

"So can I," J.B. said with a smile. "Go on and put up the wagon. I can take care of things here. You say you found this fellow on the street outside the saloon?"

"Yep," Garrett said, leaving out the part that he was on the street outside the saloon with Aundy. That portion of the story he'd take to his grave.

"Wonder who worked him over and why?" J.B. asked, not expecting an answer.

Garrett shrugged his shoulders then went outside to unload the feed and put away the wagon. Tom was still in the barn, so he helped put away the load and offered to brush down the horse when Garrett said he had something he needed to do. Saddling Jester, he rode off at a fast clip, knowing he'd never be able to sleep if he didn't talk to Aundy.

Mad at her for behaving so recklessly, he still wanted to make sure she arrived home in one piece. He wondered how she'd explain her outfit to Dent or one of the hands if they still happened to be out working when she arrived home.

Hurrying up her lane, he slowed the horse to a walk, stopping outside the front of the house. Looping Jester's reins around the fence enclosing the yard, he took the porch steps in two long strides and stood knocking on the door.

A light was on in the front room, so he knew Aundy was still awake.

He listened but didn't hear any sound, so he knocked again. Trying to decide if he should go home or go around back to the kitchen, the door swung open and Aundy stood surrounded by lamp light in a blue robe that matched her eyes.

"Garrett? Is everything okay?" she asked, stepping back so he could walk inside.

He didn't know if it was the look of worry on her face or the fact that he just needed to make sure she was fine, but he wrapped her in his arms and gave her a tight hug. Thoughts of her being out alone, in possible danger, made his stomach clench in fear.

She held herself stiffly until he rubbed his hands up and down her back. He felt her soften against him. Her hair fell in a golden tumble to her waist and smelled faintly of roses.

Before he let sense overrule desire, he yanked off his gloves and tossed them on the nearest chair then took her face in his hands, brushing his thumbs over her cheekbones, gazing into her eyes and getting lost in the warm blue depths.

Lowering his head to hers, he only meant to give her a quick, chaste kiss. Heat exploded between them at the touch of their lips. Garrett lost his ability to think as he pressed his mouth, hard and hungry, to hers repeatedly. When he felt her arms go around his neck, he drew her even closer to his chest and deepened the kiss.

Garrett felt lost to everything except the woman in his arms, the woman who fit there so perfectly. Watching Aundy these past few months, he admired her spirit, appreciated her fine figure, enjoyed her laughter, liked her caring heart and gentleness. What he felt now, though, was so much more. Garrett felt passion and, if he cared to admit it, soul-deep love for the girl who kissed him with as much yearning as he kissed her.

Aundy finally pulled back, taking in a ragged breath, eyes wide in surprise and wonder. She'd promised herself she would never get involved with another man, but her feelings for Garrett were more than just involved. Involved meant there was care and concern, maybe friendship and fun.

The wild currents of longing swirling in her heart were so strong they made her bones ache. The emotions Garrett stirred in her were much, much more than she ever imagined feeling for anyone and most definitely beyond being merely involved.

"Garrett, I... you..." she said, unable to think with the delightful tingle of his kisses still riding her lips. She couldn't believe he'd kissed her. Or that she'd kissed him in return.

Never, not once, had any kiss ever made her feel like her heart would pound right out of her chest. Her stomach felt light and her knees weak while she scrambled to regain the ability to have a coherent thought. How could one kiss, one magnificent kiss, affect her so?

Glancing at Garrett, she noticed his hard breathing, his eyes filled with an intense light, and his hands that looked ready to reach for her again. He couldn't possibly be interested in her. Someone as handsome and charming as Garrett Nash could have his pick of women. There was no chance he'd set his affections on a plain, sturdy girl who was stubborn and tenacious.

Snatching her thoughts back together, she reminded herself that she did not intend to find herself entangled with a man again. Not even one as attractive, strong, and amazing as the one who'd just kissed her so ardently.

Looking at him with shining eyes, Aundy felt drawn to his mouth like something beyond her ability to resist was enticing her. Garrett groaned and buried his hands in her hair, taking her lips with his again.

"Aundy, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that," Garrett said when he lifted his head. Taking off his hat, he tossed it onto the chair where his gloves had landed and raked a hand through his hair. Staring at Aundy, he wanted to wind her silky tresses around his hands and feel her body close to his again, but he shouldn't, so he wouldn't. "I wanted to make sure you made it home, that you were fine."

"I'm perfectly fine, as you can see," Aundy said, taking another step back from Garrett. She needed to put some space between them before she succumbed to the desire to be wrapped in his arms again. "You shouldn't be here this late. It's not proper."

Garrett laughed and gave her a pointed look. "Says the woman who dressed as a man and went places, no doubt, that no lady should."

Aundy had the grace to blush although she kept her back straight and held his gaze.

"How about I drink a cup of your tea and you tell me what adventure led you to finding our Chinese friend?"

Nodding her head, Aundy led the way to the kitchen where she turned up the lamps, made tea and took a plate out of the refrigerator. Sprinkling cinnamon and sugar on what looked like flat pancakes, rolling each one up into a tidy bundle, she handed the plate to Garrett.

"What's this?" he asked, studying the unfamiliar dish.

"Lefse. It's Norwegian," Aundy said, sitting at the table with a cup of tea. "Try it, you'll enjoy it."

Garrett took a bite and his eyes lit up at the flavors.

"What is it again?" he asked, devouring his first piece and starting on a second.

"Lefse. It's made with potatoes and flour, mostly. My grandmother made the best lefse," Aundy said, looking wistful and lost in her memories.

Smiling at her, Garrett cleaned his plate then took a drink of tea, waiting for Aundy to explain her evening's actions. When she sat quietly sipping her tea, he decided she wasn't going to volunteer any information.

"Why did you dress like a man?"

"Because no one will give me the information I want when I ask them dressed as a woman," Aundy said, a spark of defiance flashing across her face and settling in her eyes.

"Fair enough. Where did you go?"

"I went to the saloon around the corner from where I tied Bell."

"You went to the saloon," Garrett said, trying to digest that information. "What did you do at the saloon?"

"I walked up to the bar and asked the bartender how to get to the Underground," Aundy said, sipping her tea. She nearly choked when Garrett smacked the top of the table with the flat of his hand.

"You what?"

Clearing her throat, she sat a little taller in her chair and leveled her gaze to his. "I asked how to get to the Underground."

"Why in blazes would you want to go there? It's no fit place for a lady like you, Aundy. Not at all," Garrett said, looking at her like she'd taken leave of her senses.

"So I discovered," Aundy said, remembering the things she'd seen and heard, wishing she could block the memories from her mind.

Trying to calm down so she'd keep talking to him, Garrett drew in a few deep breaths before he continued. "You asked the bartender and he gave you directions."

"I suppose you could call what he said directions, although I wasn't sure at first I'd ever find the end of the corridor and come out anywhere. It cost me two bits to get that piece of information," Aundy said, shaking her head. "I had no idea there was a city beneath the city, so to speak. I think I even saw a candy shop down there."

"Yeah, you did," Garrett said, hoping that was all Aundy saw. "You found your way there, then what?"

"I got close enough to several groups of men to listen to their conversations, but didn't have any luck in finding what I was looking for, so I went into a saloon and ordered a sarsaparilla. I was standing at the bar when one of the women who worked at the establishment began conversing with me."

Garrett's eyes widened and he fought down his shock. A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth as he imagined the look on Aundy's face when one of the saloon girls sidled up next to her, thinking she was a man. "You mean one of the working girls propositioned you?"

Aundy could see the amusement on Garrett's face and felt her temper flare. "I didn't see anything amusing about the situation then or now. It was quite unsettling and disturbing."

"I'm sure it was," Garrett said, drinking his tea to hide his grin.

"I suggested she move along and she asked me what I was doing in the saloon. When I told her I was looking for information, she pointed out a patron who turned out to be most helpful. I concluded my business and tried to work my way back up to the street, but by then I found myself completely turned around. I kept walking and ended up in a corridor that took me to a set of stairs. I tripped over the injured man on the top step," Aundy said, absently rubbing her shoulder.

Washing up after removing her disguise, she couldn't help but notice the bruise already forming on her shoulder and it ached. Hitting the door probably wouldn't have done much damage, but the fact that wretched Ashton Monroe shook her like a rag doll by the same shoulder compounded the problem.

Garrett stood from his chair and walked around the table, pulling down the edge of Aundy's robe and gown until it revealed a large bruise. As she slapped at his hands and voiced her disapproval of his actions, she quickly tugged her clothing back in place.

Forcing himself to step back, he really wanted to pull her clothing down and cover the discolored skin with soft kisses. What he'd seen of Aundy's creamy neck and shoulder, beyond the bruise, made his temperature spike and muddled his thoughts.

Regaining his seat, he raised an eyebrow at her.

"I hit the door pretty hard," she said, glaring at him, miffed at his forcibly baring her bruise and making her skin tingle at his touch. She didn't know what he was trying to do to her, but she sincerely wished he'd stop. She could barely keep her thoughts together with him sitting across the table, let alone when he put his hands on her bare skin. Yet, there was a part of her that wished he'd do it again.

"Then..." Garrett prompted.

"I couldn't just leave him there. What if whoever beat him up came back? What if he was truly about to die? Although I suppose if he was, he wouldn't have been able to get up and walk with my help," Aundy said, thinking as she talked. "When I said I could either take him to the Doc or home with me, he chose me and you know the rest of the story."

"What, may I ask, was so important for you to do, that required you to don men's clothes, go places no respectable woman should go, and endanger yourself in the process?" Garrett asked, clearly upset with her behavior.

"I wasn't in any danger. You said yourself I'm a pretty good shot and I wore my gun. It seemed to me if you didn't cause trouble, you could stay out of trouble," Aundy said, thinking she'd handled herself well.

"So you agree that Mr. Chinaman, who is right now sleeping in a room in my parent's home, is trouble. That he did something terrible resulting in him being beaten so badly it will take weeks to fully recover," Garrett said, giving Aundy a calculating stare.

Wishing she could squirm in her seat, Aundy instead shook her head. "No, I don't think he did anything to get in trouble, although I don't know that for a fact. You know what I meant, though."

"Dang it, Aundy. What if one of them decided to pull a gun on you? Were you prepared for a gunfight? Or a fistfight? Even worse, what if one of those men down there found out you're a woman? There's no telling what would've happened to you. You have no idea what some of them are capable of," Garrett said, feeling fear tighten his chest again as thoughts of what might have happened filled his head.

Reaching across the table, he grasped Aundy's soft fingers in his rough callused hands. "Please promise me you'll never do that again."

Aundy didn't want to promise anything. She didn't think she'd ever have a need to dress as a man or venture beneath the city again, but she didn't like the way the promise smacked of conceding some of her freedom.

At the look on Garrett's face, a look that made her heart quicken and her stomach flutter, she nodded her head. "I promise."

"Thank you," Garrett said, squeezing her hands before letting them go. "Now, what information was so important you couldn't just ask me or Pops?"

"I could have asked you, but I needed to do this on my own, Garrett. You and your family have been so good to me, taken such good care of me, I need to start standing on my own two feet. I can't depend on you for everything. If I'm going to run this farm, I need to learn to be self-sufficient."

"You are one of the most stubborn, hard-headed women I've ever met, Aundy Erickson," Garrett said, running a hand through his hair, sending the dark locks into a state of complete disarray. His movements made Aundy want to run her fingers through it as well. "Your ability to be self-sufficient would never be in question. If you need help, ask for it. We're more than happy to give it. You've been through so much since you've arrived here and handled it all in stride. Growing up in the city, without any rural background, you're going to have questions and need some help. Never hesitate to ask."

"I know, but I've imposed on all of you too much as it is," Aundy said, feeling tears prick the backs of her eyes. She would not cry. Giving in to her emotions, as jumbled as they were, was not going to help prove she could care for herself and Erik's farm. Her farm.

"You've never imposed on us. Ever," Garrett said, wishing Aundy wasn't so obstinate. "Regardless of all that, what information were you searching for?"

"I wanted to buy something and no one would talk to me about it. Dressed as a man, I didn't have a bit of trouble making the deal."

"What did you buy?" Garrett asked, trying to think of anything Aundy would have purchased in the Underground that could possibly be beneficial to the farm.

"I don't think you're going to like my answer," Aundy said, hesitant to tell Garrett about her sheep. He'd been quite vocal, when she and J.B. were discussing the pros and cons of raising sheep the other day, about how much he disliked the "stinky little boogers," as he referred to them.

"What did you do?" Garrett asked, pinning her with his silver gaze.

"I made arrangements with a man to buy something he wanted, quite desperately, to sell."

"Which was?"

Aundy hesitated, taking a deep breath before answering. "Sheep."

Garrett let out a whoosh of air and sat back in his chair. Blinking his eyes twice, he was sure Aundy couldn't have said what he thought she did.

"Did you say sheep?"

"Yes," Aundy whispered, staring down at the cloth covering the table.

"Smelly, nasty, bleating little sheep?"

"Well, I don't know about the smelly, nasty or bleating part, but yes, I did agree to purchase sheep."

"Woman! What are you thinking? Did you sign papers, make payment? Is the deal final?"

"Not yet. Mr. O'Connell was under the impression I was helping out a new widow and should call Mrs. Erickson Monday morning to make arrangements for the sale."

"O'Connell? The whiskey drinking Irishman? Why he'll..." Garrett yelled, his eyes flashing fire.

Aundy reached across the table and clapped a hand across his mouth. "Shh. You'll have Dent and the boys in here if you don't quiet down. Not only should you not be here, especially with me dressed like this, but I'm not quite ready to impart the knowledge to them that we'll soon be raising sheep."

"Fred will quit," Garrett said, stating a fact Aundy already knew. He'd made it perfectly clear that he had no interest in tending sheep, so it was a gamble Aundy had to make.

"I've taken that possibility into consideration."

"Did you also take into consideration that a lot of the neighbors around here hate sheep? Not just dislike them, but hate them. I know many people in the area raise sheep, but our neighbors are all wheat growers and cattlemen. If you think about it, there isn't one little lamb to be found from here all the way to Pendleton. You could be asking for a lot of trouble," Garrett warned, but he could see the stubborn set to Aundy's chin and knew she was not going to change her mind.

"I'll handle any problems should they arise."

"Did you at least talk to Dent about your plans?" Garrett asked, trying to be reasonable with his neighbor, but thinking the woman had lost her mind. Sheep. Of all the things she could have done, decided to raise or grow, of course she'd pick sheep.

This was going to be disastrous.

"Not exactly," Aundy said, realizing it might have been a good idea to involve Dent in her decision, but she was sure he, like Garrett, would have done his best to dissuade her from buying the sheep and she'd already made up her mind.

"Look, Aundy, I think you..."

Placing her hand over Garrett's mouth again, Aundy fought the tremor that shot from her fingers up her arm and spiraled down to her toes. The feel of his lips beneath her fingers made her wish he'd take her in his arms and kiss her again in the very worst way. She didn't want to think about why she wanted, needed, him to hold her. She just knew that she did.

"I'm not changing my mind, Garrett. It's my decision to make and mine alone. If it's a mistake, I'll face the consequences," Aundy said, yanking back her hand like it was singed and getting to her feet. "I do appreciate your concern and you riding over here to make sure I made it home without incident. I'd be happy to take care of the Chinese man if you think he could be moved."

"Leave him be. It gives Ma someone to fuss over," Garrett said, wondering how Aundy's fingers had started a fire that burned from his lips all the way to the tips of his toes. He could hardly function with his thoughts so centered on Aundy's lips and his desire to kiss them until neither of them could think.

Knowing he needed to leave before he got any more out of line, he walked to the front room, slipped on his gloves and grabbed his hat.

"Will you at least let me go with you to sign the paperwork with O'Connell?" Garrett asked as he stood with one hand on the doorknob.

"Perhaps," Aundy said with a teasing smile. Despite her best intentions to stay away from Garrett, she couldn't stop her fingers from brushing softly over the little cleft in his chin that had intrigued her from the first time she'd noticed it. "If you promise to let me make the deal and behave yourself."

"I always behave," Garrett said, giving in to the temptation to wrap his arms around Aundy's waist. He pulled her against him and breathed of her scent again, getting a tiny whiff of Bay Rum. That cooled his desire as he reminded himself of the heap of trouble she could have gotten herself into with her shenanigans. Kissing her cheek, he placed his hat on his head and opened the door. "You didn't say if I had to behave well or like a wild ruffian. I'll assume either will do."

Aundy laughed as Garrett hurried down the steps and across the yard to where his horse waited. She stood watching him mount Jester in the gathering darkness, waving at him before closing the door. Turning out the lights, she hoped her decision would turn out to be sound.

If not, she'd soon know.

Chapter Ten

Tired of pacing the kitchen floor waiting for the phone to ring Monday morning, Aundy finally sat down at the table with one of the books J.B. let her borrow and read the chapter on sheep again. She hoped Mr. O'Connell would call and prayed she hadn't made a bad decision.

Absorbed in the information she was reading, she jumped when the phone rang. Rushing to answer it, she smiled when she heard the lyrical Irish voice of Mr. O'Connell on the line.

"Mrs. Erickson?"

"Yes, this is Mrs. Erickson," Aundy said, wanting to dance a jig that the man had called like he said he would. "May I help you?"

"I'd like to think so," Mr. O'Connell said. Aundy could hear the smile in his voice. "I met a boyo Friday night who indicated the fair and lovely Mrs. Erickson might take a shine to the flock of critters I have for sale. If that is correct, would ya have time to meet me in town today to discuss the details? If they are satisfactory to both parties, we could sign the paperwork and I could bring the animals to ya tomorrow. It's with haste and hurry I am to be on me way to the sunny warmth of California."

"That would be satisfactory, Mr. O'Connell," Aundy said, grinning from ear to ear. She asked him to meet her at her attorney's office and thanked him for the call. Hanging up the phone, she quickly placed a call to Nash's Folly, relieved when Garrett answered the phone.

"Mr. Nash, this is Mrs. Erickson," Aundy said, all too aware of the many ears no doubt listening to their conversation since the phone lines were far from being private. "I have a business matter to conduct today and was hoping you might offer your insight into the matter. Would you be able to provide your assistance?"

"I'd be happy to, Mrs. Erickson," Garrett said, keeping her formal tone. "What time shall I expect to meet with you?"

"I could stop by around ten on my way into town, if that wouldn't be in imposition," Aundy said. Wanting to ask how the Chinese man was doing, if Garrett was still mad at her, and if he'd experienced as much difficulty sleeping as she had after sharing such heat-filled kisses the other night, she instead squeezed her lips together to keep from blurting out something she shouldn't.

Now that she'd set the wheels in motion for buying the sheep, she was frightened of what she'd done. What if she invested the money in the flock and they ended up being worthless, or causing all her hands to quit?

"I'll see you then," Garrett said, then hung up.

Aundy was sure that meant he was still upset over her escapade Friday evening.

Finishing a few things around the house, Aundy took a bath and washed her hair, dressed in one of her nicest suits with a frothy ruffle of lace at the throat of the shirtwaist, and packed a basket with cookies she'd made earlier that morning. Picking up her reticule, she gathered a pair of creamy gloves to go with her buttery-yellow and cream striped outfit, and pinned a hat on her head.

Realizing she should have hitched the horse to the buggy before she got dressed, she hoped one of the men would be nearby. Fortunately, she discovered Glen mending tack at the barn. It took him just a few minutes to hitch a horse to the buggy and have Aundy on her way to Nash's Folly.

Parking the buggy at the end of the walk, she hurried up the steps and gave a perfunctory knock at the front door before sticking her head inside.

"Aundy, don't you look like a picture of spring today. That soft yellow color is a perfect complement for your hair," Nora said, giving Aundy a warm hug as she pulled her inside the house and accepted the basket of cookies the girl held out to her.

"Thank you."

"You won't believe what Garrett dragged home the other night," Nora said, taking Aundy's hand, once she'd set down her reticule and removed her gloves, leading her to a bedroom near the kitchen.

"A puppy?" Aundy asked, giving Nora a silly grin.

"No, you goose," Nora said, "A man from China."

"Oh," Aundy said, following Nora into the room. The man looked even worse in the morning light than he had Friday night in the evening shadows. His face was a swollen mess and he slept on one side with his knees slightly bent. Aundy felt pity for the man and the pain he had to be feeling. Maybe they really should have the doctor take a look at him. "Will he be okay?"

"I think so. Other than a few cracked ribs and his poor face, he didn't seem to have any other injuries. He doesn't speak very good English, but we think he said his name is Li Hong."

"Li Hong," Aundy repeated, testing out the foreign name. She hoped Li Hong wouldn't remember her part in his coming to be at Nash's Folly.

He opened one eye, the one not swollen shut, and glanced first at Nora then at Aundy. His eyes widened when he saw her, but he held her gaze. When he didn't appear to plan to say anything, Aundy released the breath she was holding.

"Mr. Hong, this is our neighbor, Aundy Erickson. She lives on the next farm over," Nora said, making introductions.

Aundy took a step closer to the bed and nodded her head at him. "It's a pleasure to meet you Mr. Hong." Uncertain if she should extend her hand, nod her head or bow, Aundy decided just to offer him a warm smile. "I hope you aren't in too much pain."

"No," Li said, working up something that could have been a smile had one side of his mouth not been swollen. "Li fine."

Aundy smiled again and backed toward the door. She was glad he could talk and seemed coherent. It must have been frightening for him to wake up in a strange place, beaten and in pain.

"I'll get you a fresh glass of water, Mr. Hong," Nora said, following Aundy out the door and to the kitchen where J.B. sat reading a newspaper and drinking coffee.

"Well, look at you, Aundy. Don't you look like summer sunshine today," J.B. said, offering her a smile that reminded her so much of Garrett as he helped himself to a handful of cookies from the basket Nora set on the table.

"Thank you, J.B. I need to pay a visit to my attorney and then possibly the bank, so I decided I better be dressed for the part."

"She has a talent for dressing the part," Garrett said, giving her a wicked smile as he strolled into the room. Dressed in pressed pants with a crisp shirt, light coat and vest, Aundy thought he looked too handsome for words. The burgundy vest and dark gray coat accented the liquid silver of his eyes and the rich color of his dark brown hair.

"Lands sakes, honey, what's got you all dressed up?" Nora asked, knowing Garrett much preferred to wear the denim waist overalls the cowhands all wore with a soft cotton shirt than his "fancy duds" as he and J.B. called their town clothes.

"I promised Aundy I'd go with her to meet a man about some business she wants to conduct this morning. If you want more detail than that, you'll have to pry it out of her," Garrett said, kissing his mother's cheek and grabbing his hat off a peg by the back door.

"Shall we?" Garrett asked, holding out his arm to Aundy.

She rolled her eyes, but placed her hand gingerly on his offered arm. "I'll give you all the details when we return," Aundy said to Nora who looked at her expectantly. "Can we bring anything for Mr. Hong?"

"I can't think of a thing," Nora said, waving them out the door. "Remember, I want all the news when you get back. We didn't get to visit at all yesterday and I'm feeling neglected."

"Yes, Ma," Garrett called, settling his hat on his head once they were outside the door.

Glancing at Garrett from the top of his dark cattleman's hat to the tips of his freshly polished boots, Aundy thought he looked far more handsome than Ashton Monroe ever would.

She was still irritated at Ashton for treating her so roughly in the saloon, even if he didn't know who she was. He shouldn't be that brusque with anyone.

While Ashton was what she'd call aristocratic in appearance, Garrett was all muscle and rugged man with a little rogue thrown in to further discombobulate her senses.

The strong arm that helped her into the buggy made her knees feel wobbly and the friendly grin that promised more teasing drew a smile from her own lips. She breathed in his spicy scent and longed to have his mouth pressed against hers again.

His fervent kisses Friday night were so mesmerizing, she'd completely lost herself in the experience despite her vow to stay far, far away from men and romance.

Settling her skirts on the buggy seat, Aundy looked over at Garrett to see him staring at her, apparently waiting for a response to a question she hadn't heard him ask while she was lost in her thoughts of his kisses.

"My apologies, Garrett. I didn't hear what you said," Aundy said, feeling flustered under his intense gaze. She fussed with her hat, and tugged at her gloves, smoothing down each finger just to have something to do to keep her hands busy.

Slapping the reins, the horse ambled down the lane at a moderate pace that suited Garrett. It was a beautiful day and he was sitting elbow to elbow with a girl who made his heart thump wildly at thoughts of her kisses while her soft rose scent made him think things he knew were inappropriate.

"I asked how your shoulder is today. You don't seem to be favoring it, but you're sure to have a bruise."

"It's fine," Aundy said, appreciating his concern, but not worried about something like a bruise when she had much more important matters on her mind. "Did you find out anything about Mr. Hong, other than his name?"

"Not much. He said he works for different people, doing odd jobs. He wouldn't say what happened, just that someone asked him to do something he wasn't willing to do, so they beat him up and tossed him in the doorway. He fell down the stairs and crawled up to the top, where you found him," Garrett said, trying not to be utterly distracted by the picture Aundy made in her yellow striped dress with her golden hair piled on her head. A few errant tendrils worked their way loose, swirling temptingly along her neck.

It took every ounce of willpower he possessed to keep from hauling her into his arms and kissing her until they both forgot where they were going or what they were doing.

Instead, he turned his attention to the horse and looked out at the rolling fields of green against the bright blue sky. Eastern Oregon was an altogether lovely place to be in the spring, before the heat of the summer turned things brown and dry.

"That's terrible," Aundy said, thankful she had found Mr. Hong and was able to help him. She wondered what he refused to do that earned him the beating. They'd probably never know. "Are you sure he's fine at your house? I could take care of him."

"I don't think so," Garrett said. With his dad in the house, Garrett wasn't concerned their guest would try anything. If Li Hong was at Aundy's, Garrett wouldn't get a wink of sleep, worrying about her well-being. "He's just fine at Nash's Folly."

Deciding to get down to the reason they were heading into town, Garrett broached the subject of sheep. He wasn't happy that Aundy had agreed to buy the flock and knew her hands would like the idea even less than he did. As she pointed out Friday night, though, it was her decision to make.

"Did you talk to Dent and the guys yet about your sheep?"

"No," Aundy said, making a point of looking at the green fields they drove by rather than the very good-looking man beside her.

"Don't you think you should? You can't exactly hide the sheep from them."

"I wasn't intending to," Aundy said, feeling defensive as she leaned away from Garrett. He looked so handsome and smelled even better. His warmth at her side was making her stomach flutter in a most disconcerting way. If she wanted to be in any condition to negotiate with Mr. O'Connell, she needed to tear her thoughts away from how much she enjoyed being around Garrett and how well he filled out his coat and pants.

Feeling overheated, she wished she'd thought to bring along a parasol or at least a fan. Instead, she fanned her glove in front of her face.

Garrett raised an eyebrow her direction and gave her a mocking grin.

"A little warm out for you?"

"No," Aundy snapped, wondering why he was goading her. "And to answer your question, I plan to tell Dent and the boys tomorrow. I wanted to make sure the deal was final before I said anything and jeopardized losing Fred. I'd really like to find a way to keep them all working for me."

"Could you hire someone to tend the sheep and tell the rest of them they won't have to worry about the woolies?" Garrett suggested. As fiercely as Fred hated sheep, he wasn't sure that would be enough to keep him from quitting.

"Perhaps," Aundy said, knowing if she could find someone willing to work for her, she'd hire him in a heartbeat.

"I take it you spoke with Owen this morning."

"Owen?" Aundy asked, confused.

"O'Connell. His name is Owen O'Connell," Garrett said, shaking his head. "Did you not even get the full name of the man you're doing business with? Might be good to know, don't you think?"

Realizing her mistake, Aundy felt like a chastised child and the feeling irked her considerably. "Yes. Of course."

"What did you discuss?" Garrett asked, wondering if she'd offered a price, made a verbal agreement.

Aundy repeated the brief conversation she had with Mr. O'Connell. Garrett nodded, pleased that she hadn't made any promises.

Pulling up in front of the attorney's office, Owen O'Connell sat on a bench near the door, waiting.

Garrett hurried around the buggy to give Aundy his hand and then turned to the Irishman.

"O'Connell. Good to see you again," Garrett said in his typical friendly fashion, shaking hands with the man as he stood from the bench. "Hear you're getting ready to head south and leave our lovely Eastern Oregon weather behind."

"It's lovely now, boyo, but when the snow blows and the ice freezes everything, I'll be sunnin' meself in the warm, balmy California weather."

"So you will," Garrett said, reaching a hand over to place on the small of Aundy's back and gently pushing her forward. "May I introduce Mrs. Erickson? Aundy Erickson. She married Erik the day of his injury."

"I'm so terrible sorry for your loss Miz Erickson. Terrible thing that happened to Erik," O'Connell said.

"Thank you, Mr. O'Connell. I appreciate your condolences," Aundy said, smiling at the man, noting his eyes looked bloodshot and tired. "Shall we go in?"

"Certainly," O'Connell said, holding the door for Aundy and Garrett to precede him.

An hour and a half later, they left the bank together and O'Connell shook both their hands. Once he delivered the sheep, he would receive payment in full. For now, Aundy paid him half of the agreed upon price, after drawing up papers at the attorney's office.

"We'll be at the farm tomorrow afternoon with your woolies, Mrs. Erickson. See you then," O'Connell said, tipping his hat and walking down the street.

"While we're in town, I'd like to go by the sheriff's office," Garrett said as he helped Aundy in the buggy and started down the street. "I want to ask about Hong and see if any of them have heard anything."

"Do you think he's wanted by the law?" Aundy asked, hoping the man wasn't. For some reason, she felt a little protective of the poor immigrant who'd been beaten so badly.

"Probably not, but never hurts to ask," Garrett said, stopping the buggy when he noticed his friend Kade walking toward them. Setting the brake, he turned to Aundy. "Mind waiting just a moment?"

"Not at all," Aundy assured him, as he ran across the street and enthusiastically shook the hand of a man who looked like an officer of the law with a shiny star pinned to his vest. Aundy thought the tall, brawny man looked familiar then realized he was the handsome cowboy she'd seen at the train the day she arrived in town and at church several times although he usually left before the service ended.

Garrett visited with the officer a few minutes then both of them looked her direction. Far enough away she couldn't hear what was said, she smiled when Garrett walked back across the street with the man.

"Aundy, this is my very good friend Kade Rawlings. He's a sheriff's deputy," Garrett said, making the introduction.

"It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Mrs. Erickson," Kade said as he doffed his hat and nodded to her. "I've known Garrett since we chased tadpoles in the creek and terrorized the little girls at school."

"It's very nice to meet you," Aundy said, shaking the man's hand and offering him a smile. It was hard not to notice his handsome face or towering height. Garrett was quite tall and his friend Kade stood an inch or so over him.

"Garrett tells me he made a new friend Friday night. I might ride out later and ask him a few questions," Kade said, watching the way Aundy and Garrett snuck glances at each other. So that was the way the wind blew. He'd have to torment Garrett about his obvious interest in the winsome widow later. "He also said you purchased a few head of sheep. Good for you. My uncle raises sheep south of here and does well with them."

"Thank you, Deputy Rawlings. I hope the sheep will be a good addition to our farm," Aundy said, catching Garrett rolling his eyes. "Although Garrett has made it clear he much prefers cattle."

Kade chuckled as he slapped Garrett on the back. "You'll have to ask him sometime where he got his dislike of sheep."

Aundy smiled and looked over at Garrett who had narrowed his gaze and shook his head at the deputy. She laughed and offered Kade an approving nod. "I will do that."

"I better be on my way," Kade said, tipping his hat to Aundy with an engaging smile. "It was truly a pleasure to meet you, ma'am. If you ever need anything, please don't hesitate to contact me."

"Thank you, sir," Aundy said, liking Garrett's friend. He was fun and seemed kind.

Garrett took his seat in the buggy and picked up the reins. "Since we're here, want to have some lunch?"

"That would be agreeable," Aundy said, pleased at the idea of spending more time with Garrett.

He parked the buggy a few blocks from a busy restaurant and they strolled along, her hand on his arm. Anyone looking at them saw a striking couple, one fair, the other dark, enjoying a beautiful spring day.

After lunch, Aundy requested a few moments to purchase supplies at the store. Garrett left her there while he saw to some errands of his own and caught up with her just in time to carry a box packed full of supplies to the buggy.

"You buy out the store?" Garrett teased, easily carrying the loaded box.

"Of course not," Aundy said, waiting for Garrett to assist her in the wagon, not because she needed the help, but because it was the proper thing to do. At least that's what she tried to tell herself. It couldn't have anything to do with the proximity of Garrett or the feel of her hand in his, or the opportunity to inhale his masculine scent.

Settled in the buggy and on their way out of town, Aundy let out a deep breath.

"Do you really think Fred will quit?" Aundy asked, looking at Garrett with such moist eyes he felt his chest constrict.

"Fred is the only one who can answer that question, but it's certainly a possibility," Garrett said, not at all convinced Aundy going into the sheep business was a good idea, but it was a little late to worry about it now. She'd signed on the dotted line and made a partial payment to O'Connell.

Although Garrett sat in the meeting with the attorney and the banker, he kept quiet. Expecting to need to help Aundy negotiate the price and terms, he was surprised she seemed to know what she was doing. She even bartered down the price on the sheep and got O'Connell to agree to deliver them.

Garrett smiled to himself, thinking how O'Connell fussed and fumed, putting on a good show. Aundy appeared calm and collected, refusing to budge from her offer. Everyone in the room knew O'Connell would agree to her terms, including the man himself.

"Do you plan on telling Dent about the sheep?" Garrett asked, thinking Aundy had already waited longer than she should have to share her plans with the foreman. He might have a thing or two to say about a flock of sheep descending on the farm. Even knowing she kept her plans a secret because of the reaction she anticipated getting from the men in her life, she still should have been more forthcoming about what she wanted to do. Then again, it was her farm and she could do whatever she wanted, whether Garrett liked it or not.

"Of course. I plan to make a nice breakfast and tell the men after they're full of good food and coffee. I figure I need all the help I can get and they always seem to appreciate a hot meal," Aundy said, making Garrett chuckle.

"You are something else," Garrett said, placing his hand on her knee and squeezing before realizing the gesture was far too intimate for two people who were just friends. Jerking his hand back, he grabbed the reins with both hands and glanced at Aundy, who sat watching him. "If a home-cooked meal changes Fred's mind, your pancakes must be a lot lighter and fluffier than Ma's."

"Maybe," Aundy said, with a sassy grin. "Now, why don't you tell me why you don't like sheep. Either you do, or I'll have to pay a visit to Deputy Rawlings."

Chapter Eleven

Awake most of the night with nerves, Aundy finally gave up on sleep and found things to keep her hands busy. Long before the sun began sending streaks of golden light across the horizon, she had baked a sheet cake and cookies, washed a load of laundry and strung it on the clothesline to dry, and dusted the front room.

By the time she heard the men clomping their way down the bunkhouse steps, she'd already gathered the eggs and made her morning threat to Napoleon to turn him into chicken dumplings if he didn't refrain from pecking at her or flogging her head.

Hurrying back in the house, she whipped up a batch of biscuits, set bread to rise and put a big pot of beef stew on to cook for lunch. Frying strips of crispy bacon, and scrambling a big pan of eggs while potatoes fried in another pan, she made a pot of coffee and stuck her head out the door to call to Dent when she saw him walk toward the barn.

Although he didn't appear to increase the speed of his steps, his stride quickly ate up the ground and he soon stuck his head in the kitchen where Aundy stood at the stove making sure the eggs didn't burn.

"Morning, Missy. Need something?" he asked, taking in the site and smells of breakfast. His stomach rumbled in anticipation.

"I'd like you and the boys to join me for breakfast if you haven't eaten yet. It will be ready in just a few minutes," Aundy said, smiling over her shoulder at her foreman. If she could get the hands in a good mood, maybe they'd be more receptive to her plans. Feeding them a hearty breakfast had to be a good start, despite Garrett's skepticism.

"I'm sure they'll all appreciate a hot meal none of us had to prepare. I'll round them up," Dent said, hustling down the steps and across the barnyard toward the bunkhouse.

He soon returned with the other men, their hands and faces bearing traces of a thorough scrubbing.

"Good morning," Aundy said, setting a bowl of fried potatoes on the table next to the eggs.

"Mornin', Miz Erickson," Bill said. "We're mighty grateful for your invite for breakfast."

"I'm glad you all could join me," Aundy said, pouring five cups of coffee and making herself a cup of tea. Sitting in the chair Dent held out for her, the hands took their seats and Dent asked a blessing on the meal.

Aundy encouraged small talk, asking the hands about things they'd done or seen in the past few days, their growing up years, anything she could think of besides the topic of sheep.

George consumed the last piece of bacon while Aundy refilled coffee cups and took a deep breath.

"You're probably wondering why I asked you to join me for breakfast," Aundy said, looking around the table. At Dent's nod, she continued. "I purchased something that I think will add to the value of the farm and provide additional income without increasing the work load by much."

"Did you buy one of those new-fangled gas-engine tractors?" George asked, looking hopeful.

"I did not," Aundy said, glancing at the man who was usually quiet. "However, if you all agree it would be a sound investment that will pay for itself in saved labor and increase production, we can discuss it at a later date."

"So, what'd you buy?" Glen asked, swirling the last dregs of his coffee around in his cup.

"A surprise," Aundy said, not quite able to get the word sheep past her lips. If they reacted even half as badly as Garrett did, she wasn't up to facing all five of them at once.

"What kind of surprise?" Dent asked, giving Aundy a long, inquisitive look.

"One I hope you all will give a chance before you form opinions," Aundy said cryptically.

"We can do that, Miz Erickson," Bill said, looking around at the other fellows. Dent was the only one not nodding his head.

"Wonderful. In that case, I'll hope you'll join me for lunch today as well. The surprise should arrive early this afternoon," Aundy said, smiling and starting to rise from her chair.

"In order to be prepared for this surprise, why don't you just tell us what it is," Dent said, his voice taking on unfamiliar hard tone. She quickly surmised Dent didn't like surprises of any kind, unless they involved food.

Sitting back down, she put some starch in her spine and looked directly at Dent. "Yesterday, I bought some sheep."

Fred, who had been leaning on the back legs of his chair, let it thump forward. "Goldurn it! How many of those filthy, stinkin' monsters did you buy?"

"Roughly five hundred," Aundy said, not letting Fred's annoyance cause her to back down. She gave each man a look before continuing. "I intend to raise them for their wool. The man I purchased them from will be delivering them this afternoon. He assured me they should take far less care and feed than cattle."

"Five hundred woolies! Five hundred!" Fred ranted and started to jump to his feet. A restraining hand on his arm from Dent kept him in his seat.

"That's a lot of sheep, Missy," Dent said, giving her a look that said she had lost her mind. "Don't you think we maybe should have discussed this before you bought them?"

"Perhaps, but I assumed you men would all belittle my idea, think I'd gone crazy, and do your best to talk me out of it," Aundy said, starting to lose her temper. She needed the men and appreciated their hard work, but she sorely wished they'd quit treating her as if she had rocks in her head. "I researched the options extensively and came to the conclusion that sheep would provide additional income, could be pastured on less acreage than the cattle and should be far easier to care for."

"But I done told ya..." Fred started to say, but was interrupted by Aundy. Getting to her feet, stretching to her full height that was taller than several of the men, she gave her temper free rein. Angry blue sparks shot from her eyes, burning into those seated at her table, rendering them speechless.

"I quite clearly heard what you told me, Fred. I did take that into consideration. More than you can possibly know. I need all of you here on the farm. The thought of any of you leaving, for any reason, saddens me greatly. You work harder than I expect and are far more dedicated than I deserve. I appreciate each one of you, which is why I don't want any of you to have to spend time working with the sheep. Mr. O'Connell said his shepherd would be happy to keep his job regardless of who he'll be working for," Aundy said, taking a calming breath and sitting down again. "Perhaps at some point, once we get our feet back under us, we can look at getting cattle once again. I know you all prefer working with the cattle. For now, though, we have a farm that needs care and are short on people willing to work for a woman. If you'll stick with me, I will do my very best to make it worth your while."

"You really aren't going to make us work with the sheep?" Bill asked, glancing at Fred, who looked mad enough to chew nails.

"No, I'm not. You certainly may if you choose, but I won't demand any of you work with the sheep on a daily basis. If they get out or we need to move them to another pasture, I may ask for your assistance, but other than that, you won't have to work with the sheep. When it's time to cut their wool, I plan to hire a crew to see that done."

The men sat quietly for a few minutes, considering their options. Aundy treated them fairly, paid them well, and often made them special treats. They all knew they'd be hard pressed to find somewhere to work where they earned as much pay with comparable working conditions.

"I apologize for springing this on you, but I didn't know what else to do," Aundy said, looking pointedly at Dent. He stared at her for a minute before nodding his head in resignation. Aundy could have mustered up some tears and turned the men in her favor. She'd seen countless women do just that, but she didn't operate that way. If she wanted men to treat her like the owner of a farm, then she'd swallow back her emotions and act like one. "Please, give me and the sheep a chance."

The men glanced at one another and finally Dent gave her a tight smile. "We'll give it a chance, but if it looks like it isn't going to work, will you agree to sell them?"

"Absolutely," Aundy said, nodding her head, glad the conversation went as well as it had. "If you'll come back just before noon, I'll feed you lunch and then the sheep should be here."

"Yes, ma'am," Dent said, getting to his feet and opening the door while the other men filed out. Turning to Aundy, he studied her a moment, looking thoughtful. "I sure hope you know what you're doing."

"Me, too," Aundy said, with a bravado she was far from feeling as Dent went out the door.

Washing the breakfast dishes, she checked on the stew and finished what lunch preparations she could. Bringing in the clean laundry from the line, she ironed and then put away the clothes.

Glancing at the clock, she had a couple of hours before the men would return to eat, so she took the pile of dresses that belonged to Erik's mother to her bedroom and began trying them on to see if she could wear any of the clothes.

Buttoning a navy calico dress sprigged with dainty pink flowers, she ran her hand down the fabric. Although out of style, the dress still had plenty of wear left in it. It billowed around her, but she decided with an apron over the top of the dress, it would serve well to wear on the farm. The dark color would help hide dirt or stains and the loose gown would be welcome on hot summer days.

Glancing down, Aundy noticed her petticoat hanging an inch or so out of the bottom of the dress and pulled up the hem to see if she could let it out. Studying it, she heard a commotion outside and the sound of a dog barking. Without taking time to change, she ran to the front of the house and threw open the door.

Sheep filled the barnyard, with wooly animals milling around as far as she could see.

Owen O'Connell rode his horse to the end of her walk and waved his hat at her. "Mrs. Erickson! Top o' the morning to ya."

Hurrying down the steps and across the front walk, Aundy was grateful for the fence around the yard that kept the sheep away from the flowers she'd carefully weeded. "Mr. O'Connell, I wasn't expecting you until this afternoon."

"I know, lassie, but these woolies whispered bright and early they were ready to head to their new home, and moved right along," O'Connell said with a beaming smile.

Seeing Dent approach, Aundy started to make introductions, but Dent greeted the Irishman by name and shook his hand. "If you'll bring the sheep this way, we'll pasture them in the north section over there," Dent said, waving to an area behind the house.

"Sure and certain, Dent," O'Connell said, herding the sheep in the direction Dent indicated.

When all the sheep were penned in the pasture, O'Connell returned to the house with a dog and a boy in tow. The dog, a Border Collie, wagged his tail in friendly greeting. Aundy had heard that particular breed was excellent at herding sheep.

The boy, who looked to be about fourteen or so, was tall and gangly, with dusty, worn clothes, a happy-go-lucky grin, and a mop of shiny brown hair topped by a bedraggled cap. He carried a small lamb in his arms, giving it a tender glance, letting Aundy know right away the youth had a soft heart and a gentle hand.

"Mrs. Erickson, I'd like ya to meet yer new shepherd. He'll do a good job for ya, or answer to me," O'Connell said, thumping the boy on his shoulder. "Tell her yer name, laddie."

The boy set down the lamb. It bleated once then nuzzled the grass of Aundy's yard.

Sweeping the cap from his head, he bowed and raised big, brown, soulful eyes to Aundy. "I am Nikola Zorian Gandiaga, your humble shepherd."

Aundy fought down a smile and nodded at the boy solemnly.

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Nikola Zorian Gandiaga," she said, her tongue working to pronounce the strange name properly. "Is this your dog?"

"Yes, ma'am," the boy said, rubbing his hand on the canine's head. The dog leaned against his leg and looked up affectionately. "This is Bob. He's a good helper."

"And how about this little one?" Aundy asked, bending down and petting the lamb. Its coat was so soft, she thought she could spend an hour just rubbing its back.

"This is a poor orphan baby," Nikola said, offering Aundy a smile that would someday make women swoon. "Just like me and Bob."

"An orphan? What happened to his mother?" Aundy asked, looking at O'Connell.

"When we were passing by a farm this morning with the sheep, a huge dog ran out and killed one of the ewes before we could stop him. Beast looked more like a wolf than a dog. Came out of nowhere, it did. It's a bottle for this baby, unless ya can convince one of the mommas to adopt him."

"I'll make sure he's cared for," Nikola said with a firm nod of his head.

"Any other mishaps?" Aundy asked. O'Connell shook his head.

"No, ma'am. That was it. Yer now the proud owner of four hundred and ninety-eight head of sheep."

"And I suppose you'd like the rest of your money, then?" Aundy said, tipping her head to O'Connell with a teasing smile.

"If yer of a mind to give it to me, I'd surely like to get the funds and be on me way. Me fondest hope is to begin me journey to sunny California by sunrise the day after tomorrow."

"Then by all means, let's get you on your way," Aundy said, turning toward the house. Looking back over her shoulder, she studied the shepherd boy. "Nikola, if you wait right here, I'll be back and we can talk about your wages and getting you settled in the bunkhouse."

O'Connell was soon heading down her lane with his hands following behind. Two of them approached Dent about working there and he discussed his thoughts with Aundy. She agreed to give them a chance and they promised to return the following evening.

Waving one last time at O'Connell, Aundy looked at the lamb, now asleep in her yard, the boy who sat nearby, and the dog with his head resting on his master's lap. What a picture it made. One she never thought to see, but dearly loved all the same.

"Young man, the first order of business will be to get you settled. You go on over to the bunkhouse and pick out an empty bed for your own," Aundy said, with a gentle smile to the thin boy. He looked like he needed good food and some motherly attention. Since he mentioned being an orphan, she wondered how long he'd been taking care of himself.

"Yes, ma'am," he said, getting to his feet. "I appreciate you giving me a job and letting me stay with the sheep. When Mr. O'Connell said he was leaving, I didn't know what I'd do. Thank you for giving me a home and a place to work. I usually sleep out with the sheep, though, so I don't need a bunk."

"You pick a bunk, anyway. I'm not sure I like the idea of you sleeping outside when the nights are still cold. You're most welcome about the job. My men almost revolted until I told them the sheep came with their own shepherd."

Nikola grinned at her and she smiled. "I'm very glad you decided to come along with the sheep and bring Bob," Aundy said, placing a gentle hand on the boy's shoulder. Standing together, he nearly stood eye to eye with her. While he looked thin, she had an idea he was stronger than he appeared. "Do you prefer to be called Nikola?"

"I answer to Nik. It's what my mother always called me and what my friends call me. I hope to have friends here."

"Nik it is," Aundy said, feeling her throat tighten at the sad look on Nik's face when he mentioned his mother. Where did this boy come from? Who were his people? He was raised with good manners and someone who had been kind, no doubt.

"You go settle in. I'll keep an eye on Bob and..." Aundy looked from the lamb to Nik. "Does the lamb have a name?"

"He doesn't, yet," Nik said, grinning broadly as he lifted a knapsack and headed toward the bunkhouse. "You could give him one, if you like."

Aundy watched Nik saunter toward the bunkhouse, whistling a happy tune. Turning her attention back to the dog and the lamb, she dropped to her knees and patted both on the head. She was murmuring softly to them when she felt warmth behind her and looked up into Garrett's silvery eyes.

"Couldn't help but see the parade go by," Garrett said with a grin, hunkering down and holding out his hand toward the dog. Bob sniffed it and licked Garrett's fingers. Garrett rubbed the dog's ears and scratched his back, making a new friend for life. When the dog rolled over on his back, Garrett gave his stomach a thorough rub, watching Aundy stroke the lamb's little head.

"I already see disaster looming," Garrett said, tilting his head toward the lamb.

"What?" Aundy asked, turning her gaze from the lamb to the man squatting so close to her she could feel his body heat through the sleeve of her dress.

"You're going to make a pet of that one, aren't you?" Garrett asked, studying the lamb. It did look kind of helpless and cute, for a stinky wooly monster.

"Quite possibly," Aundy said, grinning. "Feel his coat. It's so soft. Like touching butter."

"No thanks," Garrett said, continuing to pet the dog.

"Oh, don't be so obstinate," Aundy said, grabbing Garrett's hand and placing it on the lamb's back. Forgetting how the contact of their skin sent wild sparks shooting throughout her entire being, she quickly let go of his hand. Garrett rubbed the lamb cautiously before returning his attention to the dog.

Aundy got to her feet and looked down at Garrett. He gazed up at her with those silvery eyes drawing her to him like magnets.

He slowly rose to his feet and fastened his full attention on her, taking her in from the golden braid wound around her head like a crown to the toes of her shoes. Giving her a second glance, he stepped back and raised an eyebrow her direction.

"Where did you get that dress, Mrs. Erickson? I know for a fact it isn't one of your creations or one your sister made," Garrett said, trying to keep from smirking. The dress was several inches too short, revealing Aundy's petticoat and giving him a view of slender ankles encased in light stockings. The billowing gown looked wide enough to fit two of her inside, but the color suited her well, especially now that her cheeks had blushed pink.

"Oh, I..." Aundy glanced down at the dress and realized she still had on the gown that was too short and too wide. "My goodness."

Embarrassed, she started to race up the steps into the house, but Garrett caught her around the waist before she made it to the door. Pulling her back to his chest, he bent his head so his warm breath caressed her ear. "Don't change on my account. I don't mind seeing your pretty ankles."

Aundy would have slapped his face or at least rushed in the house and slammed the door if her limbs hadn't turned languid when her back touched his chest and his breath churned up new, frightening sensations as it danced tantalizingly around her ear.

"You're intractable," Aundy said with a huff, trying to regain the ability to move her arms and legs when all she wanted was to fall back against Garrett's solid chest and stay there forever, wrapped in his arms.

"So I've been told," Garrett said, making no effort to move his hands from her waist or his lips from their place so close to her cheek.

"Garrett," Aundy said, her voice so low it came out like a whisper as she twisted her head and he fell into her warm blue eyes. "I think..."

"Me, too," Garrett said, his voice deep and husky as he slowly turned her in his arms.

The kiss he would have surely given her failed to materialize when Nik's whistling interrupted them from a few steps away.

"Thought I better come get Bob and the lamb," Nik said, grinning at both Aundy and Garrett.

"I'm Garrett Nash," Garrett said, stepping away from Aundy and holding his hand out to the young man. "Our farm is the next one over, Nash's Folly. If you ever need anything, you just let me know."

"Thank you, sir. I'm Nikola Zorian Gandiaga, shepherd of the sheep," the boy said, once again executing a bow with his cap held to his chest. "But my friends call me Nik."

"A pleasure to meet you, Nik. I hope you enjoy working here with Mrs. Erickson. If she beats you too hard, refuses to feed you, or threatens you in any way, just tell me or Dent. We'll set her straight.

Nik's eyes grew wide, but then he grinned, seeing the appalled look on Aundy's face and the teasing smile on Garrett's.

"Yes, she looks like a cruel woman," Nik said, joining in the joking. "I'll have to be on guard at all times."

"For sure," Garrett said, reaching out and grabbing Aundy's hand, giving it a squeeze without even realizing what he was doing.

Annoyed enough that all thoughts of kissing Garrett fled right out of her head, Aundy marched to the door and stood there, glaring at Garrett, then Nik.

"If you both think you can behave, you can wash up and tell the rest of the men to get ready for lunch. Nik, you can bring Bob and Butter to the back porch."

"Butter?" Nik asked looking at the lamb. "Guess you named him."

"Yes, I did," Aundy said, nodding her head primly and going in the door, closing it quietly behind her.

Racing through the house, she pulled off the dress in her bedroom, slipped on one of her own, then hurried to the kitchen where she donned a large apron, slipped a pan of rolls in the oven and set the table.

By the time the men filed in the door, she had everything ready and greeted them all with a smile.

"Don't know why you think they are smelly, evil beasts, Fred. Even young Nikola can see they're harmless. Too bad a big fella like you is scared of a few little wooly sheep," Glen teased as they came in the door.

The daggers Fred shot at Glen with his eyes would have bled him out right there on the kitchen floor if they'd been able to pierce him. As it was, Glen laughed and slapped his back as they all stood at the table, waiting for Aundy to take a seat.

"Garrett, not surprised to see you here," Dent said, winking at Aundy. "Couldn't keep from coming over to check things out, could you?"

"You know it," Garrett said, holding Aundy's chair for her while she took her seat. Dent gave thanks and the men all dug into the food. Nik filled his bowl twice with stew and looked around the table, sizing up the men.

"So, Nik, where do you come from?" Dent asked, wanting to know more about their young shepherd.

"Mr. O'Connell's place," he answered with a cheeky grin.

"Before that, if you please," Aundy said, smiling at the fun-loving boy.

"I grew up near Jordan Valley, about as south from here as you can get and still be in Oregon," Nik said, buttering another roll and taking a bite before continuing. "My family came from the Pyrenees Mountains in Spain before my brother and I were born. There are a lot of sheep farms around Jordan Valley and many of them hired Basque shepherds to care for the sheep."

"So you're Basque?" Aundy asked, realizing with Nik's name, his heritage should have been evident.

"Yes, ma'am."

"Are your parents and brother still in Jordan Valley?"

"No, ma'am. They died in a blizzard when I was ten. They went to town to get supplies and never came back. I was sick, so they left me home, planning to return before it got dark. It was early spring and no one thought it would snow. Just came up suddenly," Nik's happy smile slipped from his face as he remembered the blizzard and the days he spent trapped in the small cabin alone and frightened. "A neighbor found our wagon just a few miles from our cabin."

"I'm so sorry for your loss, Nik," Aundy said, reaching over to pat the boy on the arm. He was so young to bear such heartache.

"Thank you."

"What did you do... after..." Glen asked, voicing the question they all were thinking.

"My father's friend took me in for a while, but he had his own children to look after. I went to work as a shepherd that summer and have been doing it since. When the man I worked for sold part of his flock to Mr. O'Connell, I decided to go along with the sheep," Nik said, looking around the table at the friendly faces. He thought it would be easy to get used to living here with Mrs. Erickson and her hands. They all seemed like good people. "And here I am."

"I, for one, am mighty glad you're here," Fred said, grinning first at Aundy, then Nik. "Miz Erickson has assured me you will take care of the sheep so I don't have to get close to them."

Nik laughed. "Caring for the sheep is my pleasure."

"It would be my nightmare," Fred said, making everyone laugh.

After Aundy served slices of cake with coffee, and a big glass of milk for Nik, she gave each man a handful of cookies as he went out the door and thanked them all for their hard work.

She started to clean off the table when she realized Garrett was leaning against the kitchen counter, watching her.

"Don't you have work you need to see to?" Aundy asked, unsettled by his concentrated gaze.

"I sure do," Garrett said, not making any effort to leave. He did, however, walk over to the table and help carry dishes to the sink. Aundy didn't say anything and he didn't either, until the table was cleared and the dishes were all soaking.

"What are you about, Garrett Nash?" Aundy asked, glancing at him speculatively as she began washing the dishes.

"Not a thing, Mrs. Erickson," Garrett said, trying to force himself to walk out the door, but something about Aundy held him captive. She'd traded the dress he'd teased her about earlier for a soft pink gown that put rosy blossoms in each cheek and made her lips look ripe for the picking. Studying her bottom lip, he recalled how delicious her kisses had tasted when he'd sampled them previously.

Suddenly, he could think of nothing else beyond kissing Aundy, melding his lips to hers. Gazing into her sky blue eyes, he saw something flicker there, something that looked like wanting, mixed with a little fear. Unable to bear the thought she might be afraid of him, he took a step closer and leaned down until his lips were near her ear.

"I won't hurt you, Aundy. I promise," Garrett said in a deep husky voice, his breath stirring the tendrils floating around her ear. His lips seared her skin when he pressed a hot kiss to the tender flesh of her neck.

"Garrett," she moaned, grabbing onto the front of his shirt to hold herself steady. Her knees weakened as soon he put his arms around her. His kiss nearly made her collapse. If he let go of her, she'd surely sink to the floor. Losing the ability to do anything but cling to the man who held her so lovingly in his arms, Aundy raised her lips to his. Garrett gladly claimed them, kissing her until she felt light-headed.

"I think I better leave," Garrett said, his lips tantalizingly close to Aundy's.

"I think that is a very good idea," Aundy said, her eyes still closed as she leaned against Garrett. Drawing back her head, she opened one eye, then the other to see him grinning at her.

"What?" she asked, gathering the loose threads of her composure together. Patting her hair with still damp hands, she looked down to see if she had something on her dress or apron. Garrett continued to grin at her. "I insist you tell me what you're staring at."

"You," Garrett said, grabbing his hat and walking to the door, wet handprints evident on the front of his shirt where Aundy had held on to him. "Beautiful, sassy, spirited you."

"Oh," Aundy said, her cheeks blushing as Garrett tipped his head and went out the door. How in the world was she going to keep her heart locked away from Garrett Nash when she knew without a doubt she'd fallen in love with him?

Chapter Twelve

Looking up from the weeds she was pulling from her flowerbed on the front side of the house, Aundy let out a sigh to see Marvin Tooley yanking his horse to a stop at the end of the walk.

Getting to her feet, she brushed off the knees of her skirt and met the grumpy man halfway across the yard.

"Mr. Tooley, to what do I owe the pleasure of your visit today?" Aundy asked, making herself smile in greeting.

"Ya dad-burned fool woman! Did ya really go and buy a herd of sheep?" Marvin asked, spewing a disgusting stream of tobacco just inches from Aundy's feet.

"My goodness, news travels fast around here, doesn't it?" Aundy asked, still trying to be pleasant. "As a matter of fact, I did buy some sheep. Would you like to see them?"

"No, I don't want to see 'em," Marvin said, glowering at her. "What I want is them gone. They stink, they'll bring diseases to our farms, and they ain't nothin' but a nuisance. You get rid of 'em, or I'll do it for you."

"Now, see here, Mr. Tooley. You have no right to tell me what to do on my own land. Unless you'd like me to return the favor, I suggest you get on your horse and ride back down the road," Aundy said, trying to rein in her rising temper.

"Why, I ought to..."

"Bid the lady good day," Ashton Monroe said, as he dismounted his horse and walked briskly to Aundy's side. "If I'm not mistaken, she asked you to leave."

"Should've known ya'd be in cohoots with the troublemaker," Marvin said, mounting his horse and glaring at Ashton. Turning his attention back to Aundy, he shook his head. "Ya ain't heard the last of this, Miz Erickson. Far from it."

Smacking the end of his reins to the rump of the horse, he took off down the lane in a cloud of dust.

Aundy watched him go, realizing she hadn't seen Ashton arrive, so caught up in her conversation with Marvin. Focusing her attention on the man standing next to her with his seeming impeccable manners, she gave him a long look. He was dressed in an expensive tailored suit with a brocade vest, silk tie, and crisp white shirt. His boots were polished to a high shine and the hat he held in his hand looked like it had recently been brushed or was new. Ashton gave off the appearance of a southern gentleman, but Aundy's aching shoulder reminded her that he didn't always behave like one, at least when he wasn't in the presence of ladies.

"Thank you, Ashton, for your assistance with Mr. Tooley," Aundy said, annoyed another man had come to her rescue instead of waiting to see if she could handle the situation before getting involved.

Was there something about her that screamed helpless female? She was quite certain the men she'd met since moving to Pendleton would be hard pressed to find a woman more capable than she was at taking care of herself. With her fierce determination to be independent, there was no reason she couldn't face whatever came her way.

"I'm just glad I was here. No telling what could have happened if I hadn't run him off when I did," Ashton said, puffing out his chest as he spoke. Aundy would have laughed aloud if she could have gotten away with it.

Ashton would have demanded to know what was funny and she didn't want to explain to him he looked like her pompous rooster Napoleon.

"Yes, wasn't I fortunate that you happened to come by this morning," Aundy said with a hint of sarcasm, turning away so she could make an annoyed face without being caught. "I suppose you heard about my sheep and are here to tell me I've lost my sense and need to sell them as well."

"Not at all, fair lady," Ashton said, taking her elbow and walking her up the porch steps so they could sit on two chairs by the door. "I did hear you'd purchased sheep and thought I'd stop by to make sure everything was going well. I know your hands, particularly Fred, aren't fond of the animals."

"That is a fact," Aundy said with a smile.

Ashton laughed and launched into a conversation about interesting things he'd seen on his last trip out of town. Forgetting her work and troubles for a few minutes, Aundy was caught up in Ashton's tales until she noticed Nik come around the corner of the house carrying Butter.

Getting to her feet, Aundy hurried down the steps and took the lamb from the boy. "Nik, this is one of our neighbors, Mr. Ashton Monroe. Ashton, this is Nikola, my shepherd."

"Nikola. Sounds like a foreign name. Are you not from around here?" Ashton asked, turning a probing gaze to Nik.

"No, sir," Nik said, looking at the man before him with a disinterested gaze.

"Well, Mrs. Erickson, I won't detain you from your duties any longer this morning," Ashton said, putting his hat on his head and stepping away from Aundy and the lamb. "Enjoy your day."

"Thank you, Mr. Monroe. I plan to," Aundy said, largely ignoring her departing company as she scratched Butter behind his ears. The lamb leaned his little head against her chest and Aundy thought she heard him release a contented sigh.

"Time to feed this one?" she asked Nik. They'd tried to get one of the ewes to take the orphaned lamb, but none of them seemed interested in feeding the hungry baby. Nik suggested they bottle-feed him. Dent found a baby bottle Erik had used with a runt piglet the previous year and they were able to keep Butter fed with it.

"Yes, ma'am. He let me know he was nearly starving," Nik said, pointing to slobbers on his pant leg. "He's hungry enough to eat anything that doesn't run away from him."

Laughing, Aundy set down the lamb. She and Nik fed him then the boy started to pick up Butter to take him back to the flock.

"You can leave him here, if you like," Aundy said, pointing to a grassy spot in the shade of a tree in the yard. We'll close the gate on the yard and he should be fine, don't you think?"

"He might make a mess of your flower beds or yard," Nik said, shaking his head. "I think I should take him back."

"Oh, he'll be fine. If he causes too much trouble, I'll bring him out to you," Aundy said, realizing it was close to time for lunch. "Would you like to eat lunch with me before you go back out?"

"Are you sure, ma'am? I don't want to leave Bob in charge for too long," Nik said, glancing toward the pasture where his dog kept watch over the sheep.

"It will just take a moment to make sandwiches," Aundy said, motioning to the lamb. "Why don't you wash up and I'll bring the food out here. We can eat on the porch and keep an eye on Butter."

"Yes, ma'am," Nik said with a broad smile, heading around to the pump on the side of the house.

Returning with a tray laden with sandwiches, glasses of milk and cookies, she asked a blessing on the food then she and Nik talked while they ate. She asked his thoughts on the hands who wanted to work for her. Nik said he liked them and they always worked hard for Mr. O'Connell. They were used to working around the sheep, so they could help out as needed.

Appreciating his honesty, Aundy was grateful the men would be arriving that evening. Her hands were doing more than their share as it was and she knew she needed to hire someone to cook for them. She didn't want to be tied to the kitchen and it was going to be impossible to learn to manage the farm if she was the one who was making two big meals a day for the men.

Deciding to place an ad for a cook in the newspaper, since her other advertisement was for farm hands, she hoped someone would respond to it. If not, she was going to have to resign herself to cooking for the men.

"Thank you for the meal, Mrs. Erickson," Nik said, taking one more cookie and gulping down the last of his milk. He carried the tray inside the house for her, then followed her outside to gather up Butter and take him back to the flock for the afternoon.

Aundy waved at Nik as he whistled his way back to the sheep. She was counting her blessings over his arrival. Although he'd spent the last four years without any parental guidance, he was a sweet boy with a positive outlook on life. It was hard not to smile when you heard his happy whistle floating out on the breeze.

Washing the few lunch dishes, Aundy changed into a riding skirt and shirtwaist with a light jacket. Taking down her hair and braiding it, she tied a ribbon on the end, pulled on her boots and ran out the kitchen door to the barn, carrying a basket of cookies.

Saddling Bell, Aundy waved to George who was working on a fence near the barn and headed toward the road, urging the horse to go faster. Turning up the lane to Nash's Folly, Aundy rode past the house and dismounted. Walking Bell to the barn, Aundy was greeted by one of the hands, who took the horse from her and told her to go on to the house.

Aundy was raising her hand to knock on the kitchen door when it swung open and Nora greeted her with a cheery smile.

"How is the shepherdess?" Nora teased.

"Fine," Aundy said, setting her basket on the table and removing her jacket, leaving it on a peg by the back door. "How's Mr. Hong?"

"Doing much better," Nora smiled, peeking in the basket and taking out a cookie. "He insists we call him Li, or the very least Hong, but no mister."

"Oh," Aundy said, looking around Nora's tidy kitchen. The smells of a roast cooking filled the air with a rich, beefy scent. She realized she should have put something in the oven for supper before she left.

"What's that look for?" Nora asked, catching the frown that passed across Aundy's face.

"I need to hire a cook for the men. They've been taking turns, but they are so busy I've started cooking two meals for them. I can't learn what I need to about farming and cook for them all, too. I don't know what to do."

"Why don't you put another advertisement in the newspaper and post a notice at the post office?" Nora asked, walking with Aundy toward the room where Li Hong was staying.

"I can, but it didn't work very well the last time."

"I know, honey, but maybe someone new is in town who'd like to cook for you, or maybe someone's situation has changed and they need a job," Nora said as they walked into the room to find Li sitting up in bed, looking much improved. Although his eye was still swollen and bruised, he had it open a slit.

"Hello, Mr. Hong," Aundy said, standing at the foot of the bed. "I wanted to see how you're doing today."

"Better," Li said, nodding his head at Aundy and trying to smile. "Call me Li."

"Okay, Li, but only if you call me Aundy."

The man smiled and tried to say her name, which sounded like Audee.

Grinning, Aundy nodded her head.

"You need cook?" Li asked, having heard most of the conversation the women were having on their way to his room. Although he spoke some English, he understood far more than he could say.

"Yes, I do need a cook. Do you know one?" Aundy cast a hopeful gaze his direction.

"Me."

"You? Oh, well, I..."

"I can cook. Good cook. Make good things," Li said, nodding his head so enthusiastically, Aundy was afraid he'd make his injuries worse.

"What can you cook?" Aundy asked, knowing her men would not be excited at the prospect of eating Chinese food on a regular basis.

"Anything. Everything. Li good cook," the man said, grinning at the women. "Need job, you need cook." He pointed at Aundy.

"Can you make meat and potatoes? Biscuits? Bacon and eggs?"

"Yes. Cook American food," Li said, waving his hands to emphasize his words. "I cook anything."

Aundy looked at Nora who shrugged her shoulders.

"How about this, Li. You get well and we'll see about trying you out as a cook. If the men don't complain, you can stay. Does that sound fair?"

"Yes," Li said, grinning broadly, at least as broadly as he could with his wounded face.

"You work on getting well, then, because we are in dire need of a cook," Aundy said, smiling kindly at the man. She had a good feeling about him, even if he hadn't exposed who beat him or what happened.

"Thank you."

"You're welcome, although you might not thank me after you meet the hungry men at my place," Aundy laughed as she and Nora went back to the kitchen.

They visited for a while and Nora wrote down Aundy's cookie recipe. Taking the cookies out of the basket and putting them on a plate, she put a wrapped loaf of fresh bread in Aundy's basket and held her jacket while she slipped it on.

"You should come see the sheep, Nora. We have one baby we're bottle-feeding and he's adorable. I named him Butter," Aundy said as she prepared to go out the door.

"I'll be over one day soon, honey. If you need anything, though, you let us know," Nora said as she walked Aundy down the back steps.

"I will. Thank you," Aundy said, hugging her friend before hurrying out to the barn. No one was around when she walked in, so she located Bell and was just ready to lead the horse outside to mount when Garrett walked in the door, almost bumping into her.

"Well, hello," Garrett said, shoving his hands in his pockets to keep from wrapping his arms around Aundy and kissing her. "What brings you by today?"

"I wanted to check on Li and I brought over some cookies for Nora to try. I was experimenting with a recipe and wanted her opinion."

"Cookies?" Garrett asked, perking up at that tidbit of information. Aundy made the best cookies. He'd have to find an excuse to run in the house and grab some before his dad ate them all.

"You're worse than a child," Aundy said with a laugh that resonated from Garrett's ears all the way down to the bottom of his heart, making him smile.

"Maybe," he said, walking with her across the barnyard. "How are things going today? The sheep settled in? Nik doing fine?"

"Yes. Nik is such a sweet boy and the sheep seem so docile. Fred has decided to stay, for now, and the two new hands should be there this evening. Other than some unexpected visitors this morning, everything is fine."

"Unexpected visitors?" Garrett asked.

"Nothing to worry about," Aundy said, although Marvin Tooley's threats had her worried and a little nervous. Would he really do something to her sheep? She seriously doubted it. "I better get home, though."

"I'm sorry I didn't realize you were here sooner. I'd have come in while you were visiting Ma," Garrett said, placing his hands on her waist and lifting her to the saddle. Aundy would have voiced her ability to get herself on the back of Bell without his assistance, but she liked the feel of his hands on her waist too much to protest.

"Then I wouldn't have gotten to visit with Nora and she wouldn't have been able to tell me what a naughty little boy you were," Aundy teased.

"Were? I thought the two of you decided weeks ago I'm still a naughty boy," Garrett said, giving Aundy a devilish grin that made heat climb up her neck.

"You're impossible," Aundy said, shaking her head and laughing again.

"That I am," Garrett said, admiring the riding skirt she was wearing and the way she sat on the horse as she started down the lane. "I'll see you later, Aundy."

Aundy waved and urged Bell into a canter.

Racing the horse home as fast as she dared, she hurried in the house after brushing down Bell and giving her a portion of her evening feed. Changing back into her dress and tying on a clean apron, she set about preparing dinner for the men. Dent and the hands were out doing fieldwork and would be exhausted when they came in. Aundy told Dent that morning to bring in everyone for the evening meal.

She had two hours before the men would descend. Working quickly, Aundy was dishing up the food when the sound of boots outside the kitchen door let her know the men were right on time. They came in, laughing and teasing each other, although they weren't rowdy.

Smiling at their good-natured ribbing, Aundy scooped the last of the mashed potatoes into a bowl when a loud knock sounded from the front door.

"Should I get that, Missy?" Dent asked. At Aundy's nod, he walked to the door. Aundy heard low voices then footsteps approaching the kitchen. Her new hands arrived, in time to eat. It was a good thing she'd prepared plenty of food.

"Bill, would you put two more plates on the table, please?" Aundy asked, finding more silverware and coffee mugs for the new arrivals. Turning to the newly hired men, she offered them a warm smile. "Welcome, gentleman. You're just in time for supper."

"We didn't mean to intrude, ma'am," the taller of the two said. They'd both already removed their hats and stood looking with both hunger and uncertainty at the loaded table.

"No intrusion," Aundy said, motioning to the table. "Glen, if you and George could carry in a couple of chairs from the dining room, we should be able to squeeze everyone in."

Wiping her hands on her apron, Aundy approached her newest employees. "Please, tell me your names again. I apologize, but in all the excitement yesterday, I seem to have forgotten."

"That's okay, ma'am," the shorter one said, his brown eyes filled with humor. "It was kind of hard to hear yourself think with all the hubbub going on. I'm Lem Perkins and this is Hank Lawson."

"Nice to meet you both," Aundy said, shaking each of their hands. "Why don't you wash at the sink and join us for supper? You can get settled in the bunkhouse after we eat."

"Yes, ma'am," they both said, not needing to be asked twice to sit down to a hot meal.

Conversation was lively as they ate. When the meal was finished, Aundy asked Dent to stay for a few minutes. He helped her clear the table, discussing what work needed done the following day, and how he thought the sheep and Nik were doing.

"Do you think Nik would be receptive to being tutored?" Aundy asked Dent with her arms buried deep in the dishwater.

"Tutored? What for?" Dent asked, wiping off the kitchen table with a rag.

"He's such a bright boy, but it's obvious his education is severely lacking. I assume he probably hasn't had any schooling since his parents died. With a sharp mind like his, he could do better for himself than being a shepherd all his life," Aundy said.

"He does seem like a good kid and he is smart, at least from what I've seen," Dent said, carrying the two chairs back to the dining room. "But he spends all his time out with the sheep. Even insists on sleeping out there with them. How do you propose to teach him? You can't go sit out there in the sheep pasture with him."

Refraining from saying she could if she wanted to, Aundy instead offered another solution. "What if one of the men watches the sheep for an hour or two in the evening? Nik could stay after supper and work on his book learning while I do dishes and get things ready for the following day."

"Don't see anything wrong with that, but you won't get Fred out there," Dent said with a grin.

"Thank you for pointing out the obvious," Aundy said smiling at her foreman. "Do you think we need to hire another shepherd?"

"No. I think Nik can handle the sheep just fine. We don't have too much problem with coyotes around here and once he and the sheep settle in, I think he'll realize he doesn't have to watch over them day and night," Dent said. "I'll have Lem and Hank take turns with the sheep in the evenings for now, provided you can talk Nik into being your student."

"Thank you, Dent. I'll speak with Nik tomorrow," Aundy said, nodding her head at the foreman as he went out the door.

Aundy listened to Nik recite his multiplication tables while she washed the dishes one evening.

Although reluctant to leave his sheep, Nik was an eager student and quickly jumped into his studies with enthusiasm. Aundy had been tutoring him in the evenings for the last week and the arrangement had worked well. The hands took turns keeping an eye on the sheep while Nik stayed in the house after supper. Even Fred had taken a turn without much complaint.

According to Dent, he caught Nik conjugating verbs that afternoon when he rode by to check on him. The other men had quietly mentioned that Nik was constantly talking about something new he'd learned.

Grateful for her mother's inheritance that had paid for her, Ilsa and Lars to receive a good education, Aundy dug through her things and found one of her old school books. Raiding Erik's bookshelves provided more material for Nik to study. As soon as she went to town, Aundy planned to order more educational supplies for the boy.

And buy him some new clothes.

His pants were too short, his shirtsleeves hit inches away from his wrist and his shoes were worn completely through. She wondered that Mr. O'Connell didn't provide better for the boy. When she asked Nik about it, he shrugged his shoulders and said he was just the shepherd. Spending most of his time with the sheep, they didn't care what his clothes looked like.

"Let's work on your spelling," Aundy said as she began drying the clean dishes and putting them away. She would say a word and Nik would spell it. He got about half of them correct. The ones he did not, she made him write on a sheet of paper. Finding a dictionary in Erik's things, Nik was supposed to look up the definition of each word and learn it, along with the proper spelling.

"Very good, Nik," Aundy said, when he spelled the last three words correctly. "I think that's enough learning tonight."

"Please, may I study a little while longer?" Nik asked, picking up a copy of Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift.

"Certainly," Aundy said, smiling as Nik lost himself in the adventure. She had no idea he would be so excited for the opportunity to further his education. It was like pouring water into a bottomless pitcher. He never seemed to tire of learning. She wondered, with the right opportunities, what type of career Nik might grow up to have. A mind as sharp as his shouldn't be wasted sitting in a pasture watching sheep. "Why don't you read aloud and I'll enjoy the story, too."

Nik grinned up at her and returned to the beginning of the chapter he was reading. Listening to Nik's voice, Aundy mixed up a batch of molasses cookies. The rich, spicy dough filled the kitchen with a delicious scent. While the cookies baked, Aundy made a cup of tea and sat at the table, enjoying the story.

Taking the cookies from the oven, Aundy let them cool slightly before putting three on a plate and pouring a tall glass of milk, setting the snack by Nik. Although still thin, he seemed to be filling out a little with plenty of good food. Ruffling his hair as she stood by his chair, he grinned at her and then continued the story, stopping only to take a bite of cookie or a drink of milk.

They were both lost in the adventure when Aundy heard a loud thump from the front porch. She and Nik hurried to the door, opening it to find a small bundle of wool blazing with flame.

Aundy bit back a scream and looked up, seeing a rider clad all in black on a dark horse. In the shadows of late evening, she couldn't distinguish any features.

"Get rid a them stinking sheep, woman, or ya'll be sorry," a man's voice yelled before thundering down her lane.

Nik kicked the burning ball of wool off the porch into the grass and Aundy ran to the kitchen to get a pitcher of water. Nik tried stomping the flames, but the kerosene soaked wool was nearly impossible to extinguish. In the damp grass, it wouldn't spread, so he watched it smolder, pulling the collar of his shirt over his nose to try to filter the stench of the burning fiber.

"Aundy? What is this? Would someone hurt you or our sheep?" Nik asked, coming to stand beside her when she returned with the water. She grasped his hand in hers, hoping it would comfort them both.

"I don't know, Nik," she said, still rattled by the threat. She was turning to go back in the house when Dent and Bill ran into the yard.

"Thought we heard something," Dent said, trying to catch his breath as he took in Aundy and Nik's frightened faces and the scorched smell of wool. "What happened?"

"Some man threw that wool on fire at the door then yelled at Mrs. Erickson to get rid of the sheep or she'd be sorry," Nik said, looking at Dent for some answers. "They won't really hurt her or the sheep will they?"

"Of course not, Nik. We won't let anything happen," Dent said, stepping onto the porch and patting Nik on the back. "Why don't you go gather up your things and call it a night."

"Yes, sir," Nik said, casting one more glance at Aundy before he went in the house.

"Who do you think it was, Missy?" Dent asked, waiting to see if Aundy was going to fall apart. She had a strong backbone and not much rattled her, but most women would have been in hysterics by now.

"I don't know, Dent. He was dressed all in black, his horse was dark in coloring and with it being almost dark out, I just couldn't tell. I didn't recognize his voice, though. It was higher-pitched than Marvin Tooley's, because he made a similar threat the other day."

"He did?" Dent asked, wondering why Aundy hadn't imparted that information sooner. He heard some of the neighbors grumbling about Aundy bringing sheep into the area, but most of them would get over it and forget they were there in a few weeks. Honestly, he thought Aundy had a good idea with the sheep. So far, they'd been easy to care for, especially with Nik watching them nearly round the clock. "Why didn't you tell me?"

"I didn't want to worry anyone. Besides, I don't think he'd actually do anything."

"You never know with him, Missy. He's a little unpredictable," Dent said, thinking of any number of odd things that had happened over the years since Marvin had lost his family and changed into a different man. Dent thought they should at least give his threat some consideration. "If he comes around again, you let one of us know right away."

"Giving orders now, are you?" Aundy asked, with a smile tugging up the corners of her mouth. She and Dent both knew he was essentially in charge. At least until Aundy learned what she needed to know to successfully manage the farm. Even then, Dent would still be the one giving orders and laying down the law to the men.

"Durn right I am," Dent said, still unsettled by what had happened. If someone truly had it out for Aundy and the sheep, he worried about what they would do next.

Chapter Thirteen

The hands were walking out the door after breakfast the next morning when Aundy gave Dent a look that let him know she wanted to talk. Pouring himself another cup of coffee, he sat back down at the table and waited.

When they were the only two left in the kitchen, Aundy sank onto her chair with a cup of tea. "I have a favor to ask."

"I'm in trouble now," Dent teased. "What do you need, Missy?"

"Can you spare someone to watch the sheep for a few hours today or at least check on them? I want to take Nik to town with me. He absolutely needs some new clothes and I honestly wouldn't mind the company," Aundy said, knowing she was going to leave Dent shorthanded while she and Nik were gone. Lem and Hank fit right in with the other hands and they all worked well together, even though none of them particularly liked keeping watch over the sheep.

"I'll have Lem keep an eye on the sheep, but are you sure it's a good idea to go to town. What if..."

"Don't start that," Aundy said, holding up her hand. "I won't allow anyone to scare me into getting rid of the sheep. The men around here need to realize I'm made of sterner stuff than they think and a little bit of burning wool isn't going to change my mind on the matter."

Dent hid his grin behind his coffee cup. He had an idea if someone backed Aundy into a corner, she'd come out swinging and probably win.

"Okay, then. Want me to tell Nik he's about to go on an adventure?" Dent asked, getting up and placing his coffee cup in the sink, along with the other dishes.

"Yes, please, and have him take a bath, too. I don't want people wrinkling their noses at him when we go shopping today," Aundy said, grinning at the protests Nik would no doubt utter at taking a bath in the middle of the week. "I'll be ready to go at nine. Tell Nik to meet me at the barn then."

"If you say so," Dent said, snitching a cookie on his way out the door.

After doing the dishes and writing out a shopping list, Aundy put on her yellow and cream walking suit Garrett had so admired and styled her hair on top of her head with a few loose tendrils trailing down her neck. Pinning her hat in place, she picked up a pair of gloves and her reticule, stuffed the grocery list inside, checked to make sure the house was set to rights and hurried down the kitchen steps toward the barn.

Dent had the horse hitched to the buggy and Nik was sitting on the seat, looking clean and anxious for an adventure.

"Ready?" Aundy asked, climbing in beside him, and giving him a once over. His hair was carefully combed into place and he'd left off his tattered old cap. Although his attire wasn't new by any means, these fit a little better than the clothes he normally wore. He'd attempted to polish his shoes, but they were so far gone it did little but highlight their sorry state.

"Dent said I'm to accompany you to town today," Nik said, practicing his newly learned manners.

"That is correct, kind sir," Aundy said, giving him a nod and a wink. "I think I'll sit back and enjoy this beautiful day while you drive the buggy."

"Really?" Nik said, picking up the reins, excitement filling his face.

"Really, just be careful. No wild racing or terrifying tomfoolery," Aundy cautioned, trying to look and sound serious.

"No, ma'am," Nik said, giving the reins a gentle flick that started the horse moving forward.

Visiting with Nik on the way to town, Aundy listened to him talk about his family, his heritage, and things he enjoyed doing when he was a small boy.

As they drove down a busy street in Pendleton, Nik turned his attention to handling the horse in the traffic.

Stopping near Aundy's favorite store, they went inside where Aundy gave her shopping list to the clerk to fill while she took Nik over to the ready-made clothing section. She helped him pick out two pairs of denim pants, a pair of pants to wear to church, and four shirts, along with a sturdy pair of boots and a new hat.

"Aundy, this is too much," Nik said, his eyes shining with gratitude and awe. "I haven't earned this much pay. I can't take this."

"You can and you will," Aundy said, patting Nik on the back. "Anyone in my employ will be properly fed and properly clothed and that's all there is to it."

Nik looked at her and saw her grin, smiling in return. "Yes, ma'am," he said rubbing his hands over his new shirts. Aundy quietly asked the clerk to add socks and underclothes for the boy as well, which he did.

As the clerk boxed up her purchases, he snapped his fingers and grinned. "Those seeds you ordered just arrived, Mrs. Erickson. Let me get them for you."

"Seeds?" Nik asked as he stood next to Aundy. It took a great effort on his part not to jump off one foot to the other in his excitement at having new clothes.

"For the garden. We need to get it planted soon," Aundy said, lifting the lid on a jar of lemon drops and motioning for Nik to take one. His eyes twinkled as he fished out two pieces, and held one out to her. She was going to refuse, then decided she wasn't quite yet grown up enough that she'd turn down candy. The two of them popped the candy in their mouth, enjoying the sweet treat.

"Please add two lemon drops to the bill, Mr. Johnson."

"Absolutely, Mrs. Erickson," the man said with a grin, tucking Aundy's seeds into one of the boxes while Aundy handed Nik his new cap and he settled it on his head with a wide smile.

Aundy paid her bill while Nik carried their purchases out to the buggy and then asked Mr. Johnson to have someone phone the ranch when her order for Nik's school supplies arrived.

"Have a wonderful day, Mrs. Erickson," Mr. Johnson called as she followed Nik out the door. Aundy was looking at a plow on display outside the store when a bump to her side nearly knocked her into the street. She would have fallen, had she not caught herself on a post.

"Might want to watch yourself, Miz. Erickson," Marvin Tooley said, sneering at her. His hand flexed into a fist and he took a menacing step toward her, reaching out and grabbing her upper arm in a vise-like grip. "No telling what might happen if you let your guard down."

Narrowing her gaze at the man while yanking her arm out of his grasp, Nik approached her side with a frightened look on his face. Marvin growled and stalked into the store.

"Who is that man?"

"No one to worry about," Aundy said, taking Nik's arm and directing him down the boardwalk. Although she'd been considering the purchase of a small gun, Marvin had just made up her mind.

Entering a store that sold both new and used merchandise, Aundy left Nik browsing through a section of musical instruments while she went straight to the proprietor behind the counter.

"I'd like to purchase the gun in the window," she said, pointing to a display in a glass case by the front door.

"A gun?" the man asked, shocked that a woman would march into his store and want to buy a gun.

"Yes, that small one in the case by the door," Aundy said, walking to the case and pointing to the one she wanted.

Reluctantly the man took out the gun and handed it to her.

"That's a Baby Hammerless pocket revolver," the man said, pointing out the gun's lack of a visible hammer.

Aundy liked the light feel of it in her hand as well as the lovely pearl grips. It would fit perfectly in her reticule or a pocket. She was warming to the idea of having a gun on hand if she needed some protection without having to carry a bigger weapon.

From her lessons with Garrett, she knew to open the chamber and check to make sure there weren't any bullets inside. Holding up the gun, she asked the storeowner to give her details about how it worked. He answered her questions and told her the gun was only a few years old, having had one previous owner.

"What happened to the owner?" she asked balancing the gun in her palm.

"Got shot."

That bit of information, unsettling as it was, didn't deter Aundy's determination to purchase the weapon. The proprietor started to ring up the sale, but Aundy asked him for several boxes of cartridges. While he retrieved them from the back room, she walked over to where Nik was gazing fondly at a display of harmonicas.

"Do you play?"

"No," Nik said quietly.

Aundy wondered who in his past had played. From the wistful expression on his face, it had to have been someone he cared about greatly. The boy seemed to whistle and hum all the time, so she wondered if he'd appreciate his own instrument.

"What harmonica would you recommend to a new student?" Aundy asked the storeowner when he came back with her cartridges. He pointed out what he thought was the best model and Aundy added it to her purchases.

"You can't buy me the harmonica, too," Nik whispered to Aundy as they walked toward the counter.

"Yes, I can," Aundy said, patting Nik on the back, much like she would a small child. "Just promise you'll play it for me some winter evening when I'm bored out of my mind and tired of the snow. I've heard the winters out here are dreadful."

"They can be bad," Nik said, his eyes fastened on the shiny new harmonica in his hands. "I'll promise to play for you any time you want."

"Very well, then," Aundy said, putting the gun in her reticule and picking up the cartridges. Turning to the proprietor, she gave him a polite smile and tipped her head. "Thank you, sir. Have a lovely day."

After talking Nik into eating lunch with her at a restaurant, they headed out of town toward home. Aundy drove while Nik played the harmonica. With a natural musical talent, he was already starting to play a tune instead of just making random noise.

"You'll be an expert at playing that thing in no time," Aundy said as she stopped the buggy on the side of the house so it would be easier to carry her purchases in the kitchen door.

Nik shoved the harmonica in his pocket and began lugging in the loaded boxes. Aundy held the door for Nik to carry in the last one when she heard the distinctive jingle of harness and walked around the side of the house to see Nora stopping her buggy with Li Hong beside her.

"Nora! What a surprise," Aundy said, hurrying over to give the woman a hug as she got out of the buggy. Li Hong stepped down and bowed at her then glanced over to see Nik approach.

"Nora, Li Hong, this is my shepherd, Nikola Zorian Gandiaga. We call him Nik," Aundy said, putting a hand on Nik's arm.

"Hello," Nik said, doffing his hat to Nora and reaching to shake Li Hong's hand. When the man bowed at him, Nik grinned and bowed back.

"I better get back to the sheep. Lem will be tired of watching them," Nik said, hurrying to the buggy and taking it to the barn.

"What brings you two out today?" Aundy asked, looping her arm around Nora's and motioning Li to follow them up the porch steps.

"I wanted to see your sheep and Li thinks he is ready to begin his duties as cook, so I brought him over to see your place and make sure that's what he really wants to do," Nora said, looking over her shoulder at Li.

"I ready to cook. Make good food," Li said, grinning at both women.

"Why don't we plan on you starting in the morning, then?" Aundy said, leading the way into her house. "Please, have a seat and I'll be back with some tea."

Nora and Aundy visited with Li making occasional comments to their chatter while they drank tea and ate cookies.

Dent came to the house, set to ask Aundy what she thought she was doing buying a gun to carry in her reticule, when he saw the Nash's buggy parked out front. Coming in the back door, he held his hat in his hand as he walked in the front room.

Surprised to see a Chinese man drinking tea with Aundy and Mrs. Nash, he smiled in greeting.

"Afternoon," Dent said, tipping his head toward Nora.

"Hello, Dent," Nora said, sending him a friendly smile. "How does this day find you?"

"Well enough. I can't complain about a thing," Dent said, grinning at Nora. "How's J.B.?"

"He improves every day. By the end of summer, Doc thinks he'll be back in the saddle and up to his old tricks," Nora said, a look of relief on her face that her husband was getting well.

"That's wonderful news," Dent said, happy to hear his friend would make a full recovery. For a while, no one knew if J.B. would ever walk again. "Tell him I said hello."

"I'll do that, but you should come visit him one of these days. He'd love to play a game of checkers with you," Nora said, knowing how much J.B. and Dent enjoyed their checker rivalry.

"If my slave-driving employer ever gives me a day off, I might just do that," Dent said, winking at Aundy.

Not bothered in the least by his teasing, Aundy turned to Li. "Dent, this is Li Hong. He's been staying with the Nash's while he recuperated from an unfortunate accident, but he is going to stay with us as a cook, on a trial basis. He says he's feeling well enough to get started. I thought he could begin by making breakfast tomorrow."

After the sheep incident, Aundy made sure she discussed hiring Li as a cook with Dent. He agreed to have the man fill the position on a trial basis.

"Works for me," Dent said, nodding his head in approval. Turning to the Chinese man, with his long braid and odd manner of dress, Dent offered him a welcoming smile. "I can take you out and show you the bunkhouse and where you'll be doing the cooking."

"Okay, Mr. Dent," Li said, getting to his feet. Turning to Aundy, he bowed to her and thanked her for the tea, then thanked Nora for her hospitality and care.

"Just call me Dent, no mister," the foreman said as he opened the front door and walked out with Li.

Aundy heard Li tell Dent to call him Li or Hong, no mister.

"I think they'll get along fine," Nora whispered as they watched the older cowboy and the younger Chinese man walk across the front yard and toward the bunkhouse.

"I hope Li works out," Aundy said, sitting back and taking a sip of her tea. Cooking for the bunch of men while trying to keep up with everything else reminded her of the frantic days she put in before moving to Pendleton. They left her weary and exhausted, which wasn't all bad. That way she didn't stay awake at night worrying about who wanted to harm her sheep or dreaming about Garrett.

Thinking about Garrett, with his mother sitting across from her chatting about a new quilt pattern she saw in a magazine, made her cheeks blush.

"Are you feeling well, honey? You look a little flushed," Nora said, leaning over and putting a hand on Aundy's forehead.

"I'm fine, just a little warm," Aundy said, sipping her tea to try to hide her embarrassment. She was saved from having to explain herself when a knock sounded on her door. She wondered who was visiting now.

Rising from her seat, she opened the door to see Ashton Monroe smiling broadly and dressed impeccably.

"Ashton," Aundy said, opening the door wider to allow him entry. "I didn't expect a visit from you today. I thought you were out of town."

"I just returned and thought I'd stop to say hello on my way home," Ashton said, not smiling quite as broadly when he saw Nora sipping tea.

"Mrs. Nash, you're looking lovely as always," Ashton said, taking her hand in his, exhibiting manners befitting a fine gentleman.

"Thank you, Ashton. Been out of town again?" Nora asked, keeping her voice even although her eyes had lost the warmth they held earlier when she and Aundy were visiting.

"Yes, ma'am. Business, you know," Ashton said, sitting down and accepting the cup of tea Aundy poured for him along with a cookie. Aundy's stylish outfit caught his attention and he watched her for a moment before he felt Nora's glare.

"My, but you are a busy man," Nora said dryly although Ashton didn't notice.

He soaked up the comment like praise and puffed out his chest. Aundy thought he looked a little like the peacocks she'd seen in Chicago. "A busy man is a successful man," Ashton said, setting down his cup of tea and clearing his throat.

"It is serendipitous to find you here, Mrs. Nash," Ashton said, speaking to Nora while his gaze lingered on Aundy.

Although he would never consider her beautiful, she was quite striking and fashionable when she chose to be. He hated seeing the plain dresses she tended to wear around the farm. Considering the smart ensemble she had on, he had to assume she'd either been calling or to town. "I would like to invite all of you, along with Mrs. Erickson, to be my dinner guests Friday evening. I haven't entertained company at Dogwood Corners for far too long. Won't you please join me?"

The last thing Nora wanted to do was force J.B. and Garrett to eat dinner with the pompous Ashton Monroe, but if he was trying to be neighborly, she didn't feel she could refuse. "That's a lovely invitation, Ashton. We'd be happy to join you, if Mrs. Erickson is of a mind to go, of course."

"Of course," Aundy echoed, wondering what Nora was thinking. Busy with so much work on the farm, Aundy didn't really want to make time to go to Ashton's, especially when he did behave somewhat arrogantly if he had an audience. Not looking forward to the evening, she did like the thought of finally seeing his home. "May we bring something?"

"No. Just your lovely faces," Ashton said, getting to his feet and picking up his hat. "I might turn it into a regular dinner party. Let's plan on six that evening to dine."

"We'll be there," Nora said, watching as he kissed Aundy's hand on his way out the door. Unless Nora was completely mistaken, Garrett was falling in love with Aundy. It might prove to be quite interesting to have him watch Ashton slobber all over her hand a few times Friday evening. Interesting, indeed.

"I better get back to J.B. and think about putting supper on the table," Nora said getting to her feet and walking toward the door. "Let me know how things go with Li Hong. Garrett has tried to get him to talk about who beat him, but he won't say a thing. I don't know who he's protecting, but I certainly wish he'd tell us. No one should be allowed to treat another human that way and get away with it."

"I agree," Aundy said, walking Nora out to her buggy. "Maybe he'll talk to someone here once he settles in. I just hope he's as good a cook as he claims. I'm more than ready to let him take over."

Laughing, Nora flicked the reins and turned her buggy around in the barnyard. As she was leaving, Nora called over her shoulder. "We'll pick you up Friday to go to Ashton's."

Chapter Fourteen

"Do like this, Missy," Li said, as he bent over a row of freshly tilled earth and showed Aundy how to drop carrot seeds into the ground then cover them with the rich soil.

Hiding her smile, Aundy found it amusing Li decided to call her Missy, just like Dent. Fitting right in to life on the ranch, Li was as good a cook as he claimed and had fixed good, filling food the men ate without complaint.

It was the pledge of a special treat that resulted in the garden being plowed that morning. After Li promised to make Glen fritters for supper in trade for preparing the garden ground, he quickly plowed a space near the house.

Li volunteered to help plant the seeds. Since he had experience and she didn't, Aundy was more than happy to follow his direction.

"Sure, Li," Aundy said, walking next to him planting a row of carrots. She ordered a wide variety of vegetable seeds for their garden and was excited to discover Erik's mother had long ago planted blackberries and strawberries. With the trees in the orchard, they'd have plenty of fresh produce to eat as well as preserve for the winter months.

They worked most of the morning planting the garden then Aundy made sandwiches and took lunch out to Nik. Since she was supposed to accompany the Nash family to Ashton's for dinner that night, she didn't want Nik to miss his lessons.

As she walked out to the far pasture where Nik had the flock, she breathed deeply of the fresh air and soaked up the warm sunshine while listening to Nik play a cheerful tune on his harmonica. When she arrived in Pendleton, she had no idea at the time she'd find herself truly thinking of the place as home.

Loving the clean air, the quiet peacefulness of the country, and the freedom she felt on the farm, she was so thankful to be there. Feeling a stab of guilt over Erik's absence and the reason she was so free to do as she wished, she offered up a prayer of gratitude for all her many blessings.

Watching her approach, Nik ran over with Bob and Butter at his heels. "Hello, Aundy. What are you doing out here?" Nik took the basket she was carrying and walked with her toward a spot under a shady tree.

"I brought some lunch and thought we could have your lesson now. I'll be gone this evening and didn't want you to miss out on your studies," Aundy said, spreading a cloth beneath the tree before sitting down. Butter rubbed against her side and Bob flopped near her feet, his tongue lolling out of his mouth while his tail wagged happily.

"I don't have any of my books or papers with me," Nik said, sitting down by Aundy and waiting while she handed him a thick ham sandwich and a jar of milk that was still cold.

"Today can be a nature lesson," Aundy said with a grin. Discussing the clouds, geological facts, and what made the grass green, they enjoyed their lunch and time spent together. While Nik ate the cookies she brought along, she asked him how he thought the sheep were doing.

"The soil of your pastures is much richer than Mr. O'Connell's," Nik said, gazing around the green hills with pride. "The sheep have such good feed, they stay fat and happy."

"I'm glad to hear that," Aundy said, looking at the flock. Watching them was so restful. They were quiet and calm as they nibbled at the pasture grass, presenting such as serene picture. It made Aundy's mind wander to a sermon the pastor shared recently about the Good Shepherd and his sheep. She knew for all the dedicated care Nik gave the sheep it was nothing compared to the love and compassion given by the heavenly Father to His precious flock.

"...it was really good," Nik said, brushing crumbs off his hands and putting his empty milk jar back in Aundy's basket.

"I'm sorry, Nik, I didn't hear what you said," Aundy admitted.

Nik grinned at her with a knowing smile. "Gathering wool or chasing dreams?"

"Both. Neither," Aundy laughed, shaking her head.

"You were thinking about Mr. Nash," Nik teased, leaning back on his elbows.

"I was not thinking about J.B. or Nora, for that matter," Aundy answered with a saucy grin.

"I didn't mean them. I meant Garrett and you know it," Nik said, helping Aundy pack the remnants of lunch.

"I know no such thing," Aundy said, surprised Nik had noticed her interest in Garrett, although he had caught them almost kissing a time or two. "Now, tell me what you said and I'll pay attention this time."

"I said Li made Chinese food for dinner the other night and it was really good. None of us thought we'd be able to eat it, but even though it tasted different, I liked it. I think everyone else did, too. There wasn't any left," Nik said.

"I'm glad you all enjoyed it," Aundy said, wishing she'd had a bite or two. With Li taking over the cooking, she was able to spend more time learning about farming and taking care of some chores around the house that needed attention, but she missed the lively conversations that took place during breakfast and dinner.

Now, the meals seemed so quiet and somewhat lonely with all the men eating at the bunkhouse. Once in a while, Nik would eat dinner with her before they launched into his lessons. The boy had already figured out to ask what was being served at her table and the bunkhouse before he made up his mind where he'd eat dinner.

"You should come next time he makes it. Everyone would be glad to have you there," Nik said, walking with Aundy as she started back toward the house.

"Maybe," Aundy said, smiling at Nik and patting his back. Butter bleated and ran around her legs. Aundy stopped and gave the lamb a thorough petting before doing the same for Bob. The dog rolled onto his back and held still, in perfect bliss, while Aundy scratched his belly.

"Okay, you three, I really do need to get back," Aundy said, standing up again.

"Where did you say you're going?" Nik asked.

"Ashton Monroe's place. The Nash family will be going as well, for dinner."

"Oh," Nik said, studying the toe of his boot.

"Why? Something wrong?" Aundy asked, wondering what caused his sudden pensive mood.

"Nothing. It's just...I think Mr. Monroe really likes you," Nik said, letting out a sigh as he looked at Aundy, trying to judge her reaction to his words. "I like Garrett much better, though."

"Thank you for sharing your thoughts on the subject, although I'm here to tell you right now, I'll be staying single."

Nik looked at her with his happy-go-lucky smile back in place. "That's good, Aundy. You stay single and when I'm old enough, you'll marry me."

"You are a tease, Nikola Zorian Gandiaga!" Aundy said with a laugh as she walked away with a wave. "A real tease."

Arriving back at the house, Aundy washed the few dishes she'd dirtied to make lunch and decided to clean the chicken coop. She hated the job even more than she did gathering eggs, but she had time to take care of it. Finishing the unwelcome chore, she was troubled to see a horse stirring a cloud of dust as it raced up her lane.

Closing the coop behind her, she sighed as she watched Marvin Tooley pull his horse to a stop at the end of her walk.

He weaved his way through the front gate, down the walk and up the porch steps, pounding on the front door. Aundy wished she had her gun with her, but instead grabbed a shovel on her way to the house and ran around to the front where she was afraid, with Marvin's wild thumping, he'd break the frosted glass panel out of the front door.

"Mr. Tooley, cease your pounding, please," she yelled to be heard above the racket he was making.

"Told ya to sell them durn sheep, woman. Done told ya to," he slurred as he stared at her bleary eyed. Aundy hadn't seen many drunk people in her life but it was obvious Marvin had imbibed in something either quite potent or quite a lot of it. "Now ya'll pay the piper."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Aundy asked, standing her ground. "Is that another of your threats?"

"Nope. Not a threat. It's a fact," Marvin said, then laughed. The sound made the hair on the back of Aundy's neck prickle. Marvin Tooley sounded like a lunatic.

"Be that as it may, would you please take yourself and your facts off my property this instant?" Aundy asked, pointing her hand in the direction of Marvin's lathered horse.

"I warned ya, woman. Done told ya. But ya jes won't listen," Marvin said, weaving down the steps. Aundy wasn't sure the crazy drunk would be able to get back on his horse let alone home. "Stubborn, fool woman. It'll teach her to listen to me."

"Thank you for sharing your thoughts, Mr. Tooley. Have a lovely afternoon and if you come back making more threats, I'll be paying a visit to the sheriff about you."

"Don't threaten me!" Marvin yelled then somehow managed to get on his horse only to ride a few yards down the lane and fall off.

Aundy tossed aside the shovel and marched to where Marvin fell in the dirt.

"You are completely pathetic," Aundy muttered as she grabbed his horse's reins, whirled around and ran to the barn. The last thing, the very last thing, she wanted to do was take Marvin Tooley home, but she couldn't very well leave him in the road and there was no way she was letting the man in her house, the barn, or the bunkhouse. She wanted him off her property posthaste.

Quickly hitching a horse to the buggy, she tied Marvin's horse to the back of it and stopped beside the drunken man. Without any of the hands around, she knew she was on her own getting Marvin home.

"Mr. Tooley, I can't and won't lift you up. You've got to get to your feet without my assistance. Now up," Aundy demanded, prodding him with the toe of her boot.

Although he grumbled at her, Marvin did manage to stagger to his feet long enough to collapse in the back of the buggy with his legs dangling off the end.

"If you fall out, so help me, I'll leave you there," Aundy warned him then set the horse down the lane at a good clip. She'd never been to Mr. Tooley's farm, but had an idea where to find it from everyone warning her to stay away.

Not daring to think about what she was doing, she drove north until she came to a crossroad and turned left. She followed it for a mile or so until she reached another cross road and turned left again. Traveling a short distance, she looked to her right, spotting a derelict house and barn off the side of the road. Deciding it was most likely her destination, she turned the buggy that direction.

When Marvin's horse whinnied from behind the buggy, Aundy was sure she'd found the right place.

Pulling the buggy to a stop close to the door of a house that may have at one time been nice, she climbed down and untied Marvin's horse. Leading him to the barn, she took off his saddle and bridle then turned him into the pasture.

Walking back to the buggy, Marvin was nowhere in sight. Aundy was grateful she wouldn't have to smell or speak to him again. Climbing in the buggy, she soon had the horse heading back to the road.

What a wretched, detestable man!

Hurrying home, Aundy was going to be hard-pressed to be ready in time to go to Ashton's for dinner. While she'd dearly love to stay home, her curiosity was driving her to visit Ashton's place. From what she heard, it was quite something to see.

Stopping at the barn, Aundy had the horse unhitched and started brushing him down when George walked in.

"Howdy, Miz Erickson," he said with a friendly smile, taking in her windblown hair and sun reddened cheeks. "Can I help you with something?"

"George, you're timing is providential. Would you mind finishing this for me? I've got to get up to house," Aundy said, dropping the currycomb in his hand on her way out the door. Calling over her shoulder, she yelled "thank you" before lifting her skirts and breaking into a very unladylike run across the yard and up the steps to the kitchen.

Turning the water on in the bathtub, she laid out the clothes she would wear, glad she'd pressed the dress the previous evening after Nik finished his lessons.

Taking a bath and washing her hair, she stood in front of the kitchen stove combing out her long tresses, trying to get them to dry faster.

Hustling into her clothes, she slipped her feet into a pair of dressy shoes that were Mrs. Erickson, then rushed to style her hair in a loose upsweep with a few wispy tendrils falling along her neck and by her ears. She fastened a rose made out of ribbon in her hair and gave herself one more perusal in the mirror before deciding she looked as good as she could.

Hurrying back to her room, she picked up a pair of gloves and her reticule then walked into the front room just as the jingle of harness let her know of the Nash's arrival.

Yanking on her gloves, Aundy decided she might need a shawl on the way home and hurried back to her bedroom grabbing the soft white covering that belonged to Erik's mother before rushing to the front room.

Swinging open the door, she startled Garrett who had already lifted his hand to knock.

"Hi," she said, breathless from all her frenzied preparations to be ready on time.

"Hi," Garrett said, staring at her, mesmerized. He had no idea about women's fashions, but the pale blue gown Aundy wore with touches of lace made her eyes sparkle and accented her fine figure. The blue rose in her hair just made him want to take it out and unpin all her glorious golden locks.

Pulling the door shut behind her, Aundy smiled at Garrett, tipping her head at him, wondering why he was looking at her so strangely.

"Shall we?" Aundy asked, motioning toward the surrey where his parents waited. "We don't want to be late."

"No, not late," Garrett mumbled, holding out his arm for Aundy. Instead of acting the part of a gentleman, he really wanted to pull her to his chest and kiss her repeatedly. "You look beautiful, Mrs. Erickson."

"Thank you, Mr. Nash," Aundy said, feeling warmth fill her cheeks at Garrett's intense study of the flower on top of her head to the toes of her ivory shoes. Returning his gaze, she nearly stumbled at how utterly appealing he appeared. "You look quite handsome this evening."

"You think so?" Garrett asked, glancing down at his pressed pants, fancy vest and suit coat. Nora had insisted he dress up instead of going to Ashton's in his denims and a cotton shirt.

"Yes, I do," Aundy said, turning her attention to J.B. and Nora sitting in the front of the surrey. This was the first time she'd seen J.B. take the reins. It must mean he was feeling better.

"Good evening," Aundy said, squeezing Nora's hand in hers before Garrett helped her into the back seat of the surrey.

"I don't know how you manage it, honey, but you get prettier every time I see you," Nora said, turning around in her seat to smile at Aundy. "Blue is definitely your color."

"Thank you," Aundy said, blushing again at Nora's compliment.

"Don't you think she looks lovely, Garrett?" Nora asked, noticing her son's gaze fastened on Aundy's face. When he didn't answer, she stretched her arm behind the seat and swatted at his leg. "Isn't that right, son?"

"Yes, Ma," Garrett said, not paying any attention to what Nora said. He was too absorbed in watching the way the evening light was playing in Aundy's hair and highlighting the freckles across her nose. He thought she was breathtaking. At least he felt like she'd stolen his breath away. Trying to fill his lungs with air, her soft, rose scent floated around him, drawing him into an invisible web he had no desire to escape.

Shaking her head, Nora turned around and squeezed J.B.'s arm, leaning close to him. "I think our boy is a goner."

J.B. grinned and nodded his head. "That he is, but who could blame him. She's quite a girl."

"Did you have a good day at the ranch?" Aundy finally asked Garrett, trying to distract him from continuing to stare at her. The way his silvery eyes flickered with heat made her completely unsettled.

"Yes. Nothing out of the ordinary," Garrett said, finally regaining his ability to both think and talk, although still feeling distracted by Aundy sitting so close to him when she looked and smelled so lovely. "How about your day? What did you do?"

"Li helped me plant the garden this morning," Aundy said, laughing at her statement. "Perhaps it would be more truthful to state I helped Li plant the garden this morning. He knew what he was doing and told me what to drop where and how much dirt to put over it."

Garrett chuckled and took Aundy's gloved hand in his, shooting sparks from their fingers up both their arms. "Then what did you do?"

"I took lunch out to Nik and we had a nature lesson," Aundy said, looking into Garrett's eyes with enthusiasm. "He's such a bright boy, and so sweet. I want him to learn all he can. Maybe he'll go to college someday."

"Maybe," Garrett said, studying the way Aundy's lips tempted him when she smiled. "How's he doing with that harmonica you bought him?"

"Wonderful. I heard him playing Daisy Bell today and recognized it right away."

"If you aren't careful, you'll spoil that boy," Garrett teased, knowing love and care couldn't spoil a boy with a heart like Nik's.

"I won't either," Aundy said, releasing Garrett's hand to smack him on the leg. He used the opportunity to put his arm around her and draw her little closer to his side. When she didn't protest, he let out the breath he was holding and relaxed. "The sheep are so peaceful to watch, Garrett. I'm ever so glad I bought them, even if most of the neighbors disapprove."

"Who's been jabbering at you about the woolies now?" Garrett might have been quite vocal in his displeasure with Aundy purchasing sheep, but he didn't like the way so many of the neighbors had given Aundy a piece of their mind about them. He had to admit, they hadn't been any trouble so far, except for keeping the neighborhood whiners stirred up.

"I think most everyone has been by at least once to let me know their thoughts on my flock, although Marvin Tooley seems the most concerned. He came by a little inebriated this afternoon," Aundy said, wishing she hadn't said anything when a look she couldn't quite define settled on Garrett's face. He frowned and she felt his arm tense behind her.

"He showed up at the farm drunk?" Garrett asked, angry with Tooley for his inappropriate behavior.

"I think that is what you'd call it. He couldn't stand up straight and was slurring his words. He fell off his horse when he tried to leave and seemed quite incoherent, so I hitched up the buggy and took him home. My goodness, but his place could use some attention, couldn't it? Does he have any hands to help out?"

"You what? Back up, honey. You took Tooley home? While he was drunk? What were you thinking? What if he'd done something to harm you?" Garrett pelted her with questions so fast, Aundy felt like she was being mentally whipped back and forth.

"He was too drunk to do anything and I couldn't just leave him in front of the house sleeping it off. Taking him home seemed the logical thing to do, so I did. No harm done," Aundy said in her matter-of-fact tone that Garrett was coming to realize coincided with the stubborn set of her chin.

Reaching out with his hand that wasn't already wrapped around her shoulders, he took her fingers in his and gently rubbed his thumb along her glove-covered palm. Unsettled by the sensations it stirred inside him, Garrett assumed Aundy was feeling something similar with the way she melted against his side and released a soft sigh. "I'm very glad no harm was done, Aundy. Very glad. Next time, call and I'll come over."

"You're a busy man with your own place to run, Garrett. I could have had one of the hands take care of it, but they were all out working. I'm capable of handling things," Aundy said, wondering how many times she and Garrett would have variations of the same conversation. She wished he'd realize she was no weak little female who depended on a man to take care of her and protect her. Aundy could and would take care of herself.

Once in a while, though, it was nice to feel cared for and sheltered. Like now, with Garrett's spicy scent tickling her nose as she sat against his side, letting her know she was safe and secure in his arms.

J.B. turned the surrey off the road onto a lane lined with dogwoods that were full of beautiful blooms.

"Oh, my," Aundy whispered, impressed with the beauty of the trees and the setting of the house up on a hill.

"I forget how pretty it is out here in the spring," Nora said, gazing at the trees. "I don't know how Ashton keeps these trees alive as cold as it gets in the winter."

"Must be his special fertilizer," Garrett said, making J.B. laugh and Nora look at her son with a glare that would have chastised him had she not been fighting to contain her own smile.

J.B. guided the surrey around a circular drive, stopping in front of a three-story house that could rival any picture Aundy had seen of a stately plantation home.

"Something, isn't it?" Nora asked as J.B. helped her out of the surrey while Garrett gave Aundy his arm.

"That it is," Aundy said, tipping back her head to take in the grand white columns and balconies. They walked up the steps together and J.B. was preparing to knock on the door when a buggy came down the drive, followed by a lone rider on horseback.

Garrett grinned as Kade climbed off his horse. Politely offering his arm to one of the town's schoolteachers, Almira Raines, her spinster sister wrapped her bony hand around his other and they started up the steps. Their brother, owner of a barbershop in Pendleton, followed behind. The two Raines sisters could talk a dead man into his grave and they were each doing their best to capture Kade's attention, chatting up a storm with every step they took.

Swallowing down the chuckle that tried to erupt from his mouth, Garrett tipped his head at Kade.

"Evening, Deputy. Here for dinner?" Garrett asked, keeping a firm grip on Aundy's elbow as they stood at the door.

"Yep. Ashton invited the sheriff, but he had to cancel at the last moment, so he asked me to come in his place," Kade said, trying not to roll his eyes at the two women who had him caught like a mouse between two sparring cats.

"Lucky you," Garrett said, grinning broadly.

Kade would have replied, but the door opened and Ashton's butler welcomed them into the entry hall.

"Ladies, I'd be happy to take your outerwear," the butler said, gathering wraps and shawls while the men removed their hats and handed them to the stoic man. Accepting them with a nod, the butler inclined his head toward a large gathering room. "Please be seated. Mr. Monroe will be down shortly."

Walking into a room with an enormous fireplace, expensive furnishings and fine art, the group sat and visited for a few minutes until Ashton appeared in the door. He greeted them with his usual charm and did his best to put his guests at ease.

Moving them into the dining room when dinner was served, Ashton kept up a lively conversation. Aundy found herself seated between Ashton at the head of the table and Garrett to her right.

The undercurrents flowing between the two men were enough to make her feel battered from both directions. She didn't know what was going on with Garrett and Ashton, but she wished it would stop.

When Ashton reached out and clasped Aundy's hand in his, Garrett dropped his arm around the back of her chair and leaned closer to her. Ashton kept bumping her leg beneath the table and Garrett made sure his hand brushed against her arm any number of times.

By the end of the meal, the two of them had her so jumpy and irritated, she couldn't wait to go home.

Ashton had other plans, though, as he invited them to stay and play parlor games. After dividing into teams, they played a few games of charades before Kade and Garrett had their fill of listening to the Raines sisters' chatter.

Executing a yawn that should have cracked the joint in his jaw, Kade begged pardon and said he had to get back to town since he was covering the night shift.

"We should be going, too," Garrett said, nudging his dad's foot with his own as he got to his feet.

"So soon?" Ashton asked. "But the fun is just beginning."

"It was a lovely evening, Ashton, and we appreciate your hospitality, but we really should go," Nora said, noticing Garrett's desire to leave sooner rather than later. Aundy looked like she'd swallowed something bitter halfway through dinner and the frown that puckered her brow hadn't gone away.

"Yes, Ashton, thank you so much for inviting us. Your home is very impressive," Aundy said. For all the beauty of the architecture, Aundy thought Dogwood Corners was missing some vital welcoming element. She couldn't pinpoint what, exactly, but something seemed off.

"I hope, now that you know where to find me, you'll come back to visit again," Ashton said, draping Aundy's shawl around her shoulders with much more lingering care than was necessary.

Snorting as he slapped his hat on his head, Garrett picked up her gloves and reticule, handing them to her.

"I'd be happy to bring her back anytime she's of a mind to visit," Garrett said, hustling Aundy out the door. Shaking Ashton's hand, he thanked him for the meal and urged Aundy down the broad steps to where the surrey waited.

"That was a little rude, don't you think?" Aundy asked as Garrett helped her in the back of the surrey.

"Not at all," Garrett said, in a clipped tone, draping his arm along the seat behind her.

Quiet on the ride home, Garrett seemed more like himself as they neared her place, wrapping his arm around her shoulder and pulling her against his side.

"Don't want you to catch a chill," Garrett said, his voice warm and husky by her ear. An involuntarily shiver raced from her head to her toes. Garrett's proximity, combined with his voice, made Aundy think of sweet, thick molasses. She could picture it pouring over her heart right down to her soul.

If she had a brain in her head, she'd move away from him. Unfortunately, she seemed to have left her sense at home. It appeared to have fled the moment she opened the door earlier that evening and gazed up into Garrett's silvery eyes.

Nestled against his side, breathing in his unique masculine scent, she savored every moment until J.B. stopped the surrey at the end of her walk. Garrett walked her to the door and that's when they noticed a note nailed to the house.

Yanking it free, Aundy gasped to see it was written in what appeared to be blood. She sincerely hoped her imagination was running away with her and it was only paint.

Taking the note from her hand, Garrett read it in the fading light and folded Aundy into his arms. Whoever wrote the note was clearly lacking in basic spelling skills.

"Git rid a them sheep or git of the farm, ya dum wuman!"

"I'm sorry, honey. Do you think Marvin Tooley wrote this?" Garrett asked as Aundy stood with her head pressed to his chest. Although he appreciated the opportunity to wrap his arms around her, he was outraged that anyone would try to threaten her. She had every right to raise whatever she wanted on the farm and if he had anything to say about it, she'd never leave.

"I don't know. He was quite drunk earlier. I don't know if he would have come back already," Aundy said, breathing deeply and stepping away from Garrett. Taking back the note, she stared at it a moment before opening her door.

"Thank you for seeing me home, Garrett. I appreciate it," she said and walked inside the house. Turning to close the door, Garrett stood blocking the doorframe, looking into the empty house.

"Want me to come inside and make sure everything is fine?"

"No, I'll be okay," Aundy said, determined not to let fear override her need for independence. "Thanks again."

"Aundy, are you certain..." Garrett started to say, but Aundy was quietly closing the door. "Goodnight."

Trembling in fear, Aundy wanted Garrett to hold her hand, light all the lamps, and promise her everything would be fine.

Since that wasn't going to happen, she pulled the gun out of her reticule and walked through the house, prepared to shoot if anything moved.

Making it to her bedroom, she lit a lamp and heaved a sigh. Why did the neighbors have such a hard time accepting her sheep? They weren't hurting anyone. Nik kept them contained. She didn't go around commenting on the state of her neighbors' livestock, which included a herd of scrawny cattle, some horses that looked abused, and a pair of mean dogs that had to be part wolf for as vicious as they seemed.

Maybe it wasn't so much about the sheep but about her, a woman, taking over the farm. Although she had a lot to learn, she was willing to try and gave her best each day to make the place a success.

Deciding there was nothing she could do right then, Aundy changed into her nightgown, blew out the lamp, and prayed.

Chapter Fifteen

Aundy didn't mention the note she found on the door to anyone the next morning. Nora called right after breakfast to see how she was and she told her everything was fine.

It was fine.

Or it would be when whoever was trying to frighten her figured out she wasn't leaving, wasn't selling, and wasn't giving up.

With renewed determination to ignore whoever was taunting her, especially if it was Marvin Tooley, Aundy did laundry all morning and was hanging the last sheet up to dry when Li suddenly appeared next to her clothesbasket.

"Missy, come eat with us?" Li asked, smiling at her imploringly. She'd eaten a few meals he prepared and the food was always delicious. The thought of not having to make herself dinner was too appealing to tell him no. That, and the fact he looked at her nodding his head, trying his best to make her agree.

"I'd love to, Li. Thank you for the invitation," Aundy said, offering a genuine smile to her cook. "May I bring something?"

"No. Li cook," he said, still smiling and nodding his head.

"Okay, I'll see you later then."

"Yep, Missy," Li said, turning to go back to the bunkhouse before stopping and giving her an inquisitive look. "Missy, why wear britches, big hat day you help Li?"

Aundy almost swallowed the clothespin she was holding in her mouth. Snatching it from between her lips and hooking it on the sheet, she looked at Li with raised eyebrows.

In the weeks since she'd met the man, he hadn't once mentioned her being the person who found him and she hoped, in his pain-induced state, he wouldn't remember. It looked like he wasn't quite as incoherent as she thought when she'd dragged him out of the stairwell to her horse.

"I didn't think you knew that was me," Aundy said quietly, looking around to see if anyone else was close enough to hear the conversation. It appeared they were alone. "I was trying to buy sheep and no one would talk to me as a woman, so I dressed like a man. I don't plan on making a habit of it."

"That good," Li said, grinning at his boss. "You pretty lady, not man."

Aundy laughed. "Thank you, I think."

"Pretty boss lady," Li said in a singsong voice, making Aundy grin. "Pretty lady. Pretty lady."

"Can you keep that under your hat?"

"What under hat?" Li asked, looking confused.

"That means please don't tell anyone I was dressed like a man. The guys wouldn't take that news favorably," Aundy said.

"Not tell nobody," Li said, bowing at Aundy as he hurried back to the bunkhouse. Aundy finished the laundry, then retreated to Erik's desk for the afternoon.

Completing bookwork she'd put off, Aundy rolled her shoulders and looked at the clock on the mantle across the room. If she didn't hurry she'd be late for dinner and she didn't want to keep hungry men waiting. Going to the bathroom, she washed her hands and face then tidied her hair before going out the kitchen door and down the steps. She noticed the green sprouts coming up in the garden and decided to spend time weeding soon. Li had already made sure she knew what plants were weeds and what ones were supposed to be growing.

Knocking on the bunkhouse door, Dent opened it with a smile, ushering her inside.

"Welcome, Missy. Heard you was joining us for supper," Dent said, motioning her to the big table, lined with benches on both sides and chairs on each end. Dent escorted her to a chair and held it while she sat down.

"Li was quite persuasive in his argument that I share supper with you," Aundy said, winking at the cook as he set a bowl of rice on the table.

"We liked his funny Chinese food so well the other day, we asked him to make some more," Bill said, looking a little sheepish. No doubt, he and Fred were the loudest protestors at eating strange food. "Nik said you wanted to try it."

"I do," Aundy said, bowing her head while Dent gave thanks. "I have eaten Chinese food before, though."

"You have?" Nik asked, giving Aundy a questioning glance as he passed a bowl to her.

"Yes, I have. In fact, I had the opportunity to sample food from all over the world once in Chicago," Aundy said, her thoughts drifting back to an adventure she experienced with her parents, brother, and sister.

"Where was that?" George asked, helping himself to a mixture of meat and vegetables in sauce.

"At the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893," Aundy said, taking a bite of the food and enjoying the flavors that exploded on her tongue.

"Really? You were there?" Fred asked, his eyes lighting up with curiosity. "I heard it was quite something to see."

"It was. There were all kinds of food booths, and people from every walk of life as well as games and exhibits and rides," Aundy said, thoughtful as the memories resurfaced. "I think my favorite thing of all was the Ferris Wheel."

"What's a Ferris Wheel?" Nik asked, waiting for Aundy to explain.

"It was a ride that could hold more than two thousand people. It was literally a huge wheel standing more than two-hundred and sixty-feet tall. It sat on a monstrous axle and had thirty-six passenger cars attached to the rim of the wheel. People sat, or stood, in the cars and the wheel would take them up in the air and bring them back down to platforms," Aundy said, using her finger to show how the wheel moved. "At the very top, you could see not only the fairgrounds and the city of Chicago, but for miles and miles past the lake and even into the surrounding states. It was amazing."

"I want to ride a Ferris Wheel," Nik said, imagining how wonderful it would be to see so far in the distance.

"Perhaps, someday you will," Aundy said with a wink.

The men asked more questions about Chicago, the fair, and things she'd experienced. They talked about some of the more interesting things they'd seen in some of their travels and before they realized the lateness of the hour, it was well past time for the last of the evening chores to be completed.

"Goodness, I didn't mean to distract you boys for so long," Aundy said, helping Li clear the table. He shooed her away, so she grinned and started to walk out with the men.

"We enjoyed your stories, Missy," Dent said, patting her on the shoulder as he put on his hat and opened the door. They stepped outside to see a dead lamb hanging from a limb in the cottonwood tree between the bunkhouse and the barn. A note was pinned to the tree by a wicked looking knife, covered in blood.

Aundy screamed and Dent pulled her around, shielding her from the gruesome sight.

"Bill, cut that thing down. Fred, bring that letter over here and the knife," Dent ordered as his gaze took in the quiet barnyard. Nothing seemed unusual or out of place, other than the disturbing sight in the tree.

Nik ran over to the tree with Bill and bravely held back his tears as he cradled the dead lamb. At least it wasn't Butter. Laying the lamb gently on a mound of grass, Nik scrambled to his feet and sprinted toward the pasture where the flock was grazing with George, Lem, and Hank right behind him.

"I'm okay, Dent," Aundy said, taking a deep breath and stepping back from her foreman. She couldn't believe anyone would be so cruel as to kill a helpless lamb and string it up from a tree, but evidently, someone was desperate to make his point.

Reading the note, Aundy dropped it as if she'd been bitten by something poisonous. Rubbing her hands on her skirt like she was trying to wipe off something filthy, she looked around, trying to figure out how she and the men could have missed someone lurking around right outside the door while they enjoyed dinner.

Dent picked up the note and read it, shaking his head at the words.

"I dun tol' ya but yer two stupid to pay me mind. I'm dun talkin. Say gudbuy to yer stinkin sheep."

"Glen, run up to the house and call the sheriff," Dent said, taking Aundy's arm and walking her toward the house. He'd make sure it was safe and one of them would stay with her until the sheriff arrived.

They were almost to the back porch when Aundy came out of the trance she seemed to be in and realized Dent was taking her inside. She stopped walking and pulled her arm away from his hand where it had been on her elbow, guiding her along.

"No, Dent," she said, taking another step back. "I need to go check on the rest of the sheep and Nik."

"The guys will take care of Nik and watch out for the sheep. We'll put someone on night watch from now on until this thing settles down. Don't you worry, Missy," Dent said, trying to be reassuring.

Aundy would have run off to the pasture except Glen hurried down the back steps, talking as he approached them. "Sheriff is sending someone out right away. He asked if Aundy would wait in the house for him. Said something about looking at the note from yesterday."

"What note?" Dent asked, giving Aundy a probing glare.

"That tattletale Nash," Aundy said, storming up the steps with Dent and Glen right behind her.

"What note?" Dent asked again, wanting to grab Aundy by the arm and give her a shake. Sometimes the woman was too independent for her own good.

"When I came home last night, there was a note on the door. Garrett was the only one who saw it. He must have said something to Deputy Rawlings," Aundy said, walking to the front room where she plucked the note from a galvanized pail she used to hold discarded papers to burn in the stove and fireplace.

Unfolding the wadded piece of paper, she turned up the lamp on the desk and handed the letter to Dent.

He read it and compared the handwriting to the note they'd just found, deciding both notes appeared to be written in the same hand.

"Glen, check the house, would ya?" Dent asked. Motioning for Glen to look in each room and make sure the house was secure, he and Aundy returned to the kitchen. Dent set the warning letters on a corner of the table.

"No one wants to hurt me, just my poor little sheep," Aundy said, banging the coffee pot as she filled it with water and slammed it on the stove. She stoked up the fire and put a kettle of water on to boil as well, assuming it was going to be a long evening.

Dent was surprised to see her anger about to boil over. He'd expected her to be frightened, tearful, but not this angry. He was plenty mad for everyone.

"I hope Nik is okay," Aundy said, muttering more to herself than Dent. When Glen returned to the room and nodded his head, Dent asked him to keep Aundy company while he went back out.

"Keep her in the house," Dent whispered to Glen as he opened the kitchen door.

Aundy watched him leave and frowned at her hired hand. "You don't have to stay here and keep me company. I'd much rather be out there, so I'm sure you would as well."

Glen stood watching Aundy pace around the kitchen, feeling his own nerves twisting tighter with each step she took. He had to do something to calm them both down. "That's okay, Aundy. I don't mind keeping you company. Anything I can do to help around the house? Maybe we could find something to work on until the deputy comes. You need shelves hung or anything repaired?"

Aundy was right. Glen would rather have been just about anywhere other than in the house with her at that moment, but he was grateful she was mad and slamming things around instead of crying hysterically, which is what he assumed most women would be doing after seeing the lamb in the tree. Just thinking about it made a cold shiver slither down his spine. Anyone who could do that was capable of just about anything.

"Want I should call Garrett and have him come over?"

"Absolutely not," Aundy said hotly, glaring at Glen as she stirred something in a bowl. He'd noticed she liked to bake when she was upset. It worked out well for the men, since it meant cookies, cake or pie for them.

"How about I..." Glen didn't know who was pounding at the front door, but as he hurried to answer it, he didn't care. Any interruption was welcome.

Almost any.

Glen could have done without seeing the pretty-faced Ashton Monroe standing on the doorstep, dressed in an expensive tailored suit with brocade vest and fancy tie in place. Glancing at his feet, Glen was gratified to see, for once, Ashton's boots weren't polished to a shine that reflected his face.

"Where's Mrs. Erickson?" Ashton asked, barging his way inside. "I just heard the terrible news and rushed right over."

"How could you hear the news? We barely discovered it ourselves," Glen said with a narrowed gaze.

"You know how the phone line buzzes with all the latest gossip," Ashton said, looking around the room, expecting Aundy to materialize. When she didn't, Glen sighed and walked Ashton to the kitchen where Aundy was dropping cookie dough onto a baking sheet before sliding it in the oven.

"Ashton? Now isn't a good time for a social call," Aundy said, rinsing her hands and drying them on a dishtowel.

"I realize that, my dearest Mrs. Erickson," Ashton said, sidling next to her and taking her hand. Leading her to the table, he held out a chair for her. When she reluctantly sat down, he gallantly dropped to one knee, looking at her with tender eyes. "I heard about the tragedy that befell one of your sheep and rushed right over knowing how distraught you'd be."

"I appreciate your thoughtfulness, but as you can see, I'm fine," Aundy said, annoyed to have Ashton fawning over her. He wasn't normally quite so...attentive. It irritated her that the men all seemed to expect her to fall to the floor in a faint or sob until she lost the ability to function coherently.

As the owner of the farm and the sheep, she wouldn't allow herself the luxury of giving in to the urge to cry until she drained the well dry.

"My dear, you look anything but fine. You seem quite distressed," Ashton said, getting to his feet and pulling a chair so close to hers their knees brushed. Aundy drew back her legs and frowned at Ashton.

"Truly, I'll be fine, Ashton. Please don't worry yourself on my behalf. Someone from the sheriff's office will be here soon, so it's probably best if you leave now," Aundy said, getting up from her chair and taking the cookies out of the oven, glad to have something to keep her busy. If she had to sit still with Ashton patting her hand and consoling her one more minute, she might give in to the urge to slap him.

"If you're certain," Ashton said, sounding hurt as he got to his feet and started toward the front door.

"I'm certain, but thank you again for thinking of me," Aundy said, tilting her head toward Glen, indicating he should walk Ashton to the door.

Putting the last of the cookies in the oven to bake, Aundy was washing the dishes she dirtied to make cookies when Glen returned to the kitchen.

"Do you like Ashton?" Glen asked, picking up a hot cookie then juggling it from one hand to the other until it was cool enough to eat.

"Of course I like him, just like I do all the neighbors," Aundy said, drying the bowl and putting it away.

"No, I mean like him...you know?" Glen asked, wondering why he brought up the subject in the first place. It was clear Ashton's presence annoyed Aundy and she wanted him out of the house as quickly as possible.

"If you mean would I consider giving my heart to a man like him, then the answer is no," Aundy said, watching Glen snitch another cookie. She poured a cup of coffee and handed it to him as the kitchen door opened and Dent walked in with Kade.

The deputy took the two notes and asked Aundy questions about any threats she received. She told him about Marvin Tooley, including taking him home when he showed up drunk the previous afternoon.

"Why in tarnation didn't you find one of us?" Dent asked, trying to keep from yelling. He couldn't believe Aundy hauled the filthy drunk home all by herself. She might be the boss, but she was still an innocent woman who shouldn't be dealing with some of the things she'd resigned herself to managing as the owner of the place.

"You were busy, I handled the situation and that was that," Aundy said, offering Kade a cup of coffee and a plate of cookies, which he gladly accepted.

"That isn't that. That is asking for a whole lot of trouble, Missy. You can't be going around hauling home drunks. You just can't," Dent said, slapping the hat he'd been twisting around in his hands on his leg, stirring up a cloud of dust.

"We'll discuss your thoughts on that subject later," Aundy said, turning her attention back to Kade. He asked her a few more questions, took another handful of cookies and left. Dent gave him the bloody knife, along with the lamb carcass to take with him.

Lem decided to stay with Nik out by the sheep. No missing or wounded animals were found when they checked the pasture, other than the dead lamb.

"Missy, you and I are going to have a long conversation about what is acceptable for you to do and what is not," Dent said, waggling his finger at her.

Aundy was gearing up to let him have an earful about doing whatever she deemed necessary when the back door opened and Garrett stepped inside.

"Aundy, are you okay?" Garrett asked, his silvery gaze focused on hers. Walking toward her, he opened his arms and she rushed right into the warmth and comfort they offered.

Despite her attempts to keep her emotions tamped down, to keep her fear and hurt from overwhelming her, the sight of Garrett opened the floodgates and she couldn't hold back any longer. Although she'd kept her back straight and chin up throughout the evening, as soon as Garrett touched her all the starch went out of her spine and she melted against him.

When the first sob wracked her shoulders, Garrett sat in a chair and pulled her onto his lap, cradling her head to his chest.

Stroking her back, he murmured softly to her. "It's okay, darlin'. It's okay," Garrett said, handing her the dishtowel Dent held out to dry her tears.

"It's not okay," she said between sobs. "They killed my lamb, Garrett. They killed my poor little lamb."

"I know, honey. I'm sorry," Garrett said, noticing Glen sitting at the table, grinning at him as if he knew some big secret.

"We'll just um...Come on, Glen," Dent said, hurrying out the door with Glen right behind him.

"I'll leave them alone for a minute or two before I go make sure he ain't doing nothing he shouldn't be," Dent said as they walked toward the bunkhouse.

"Ol' Garrett better be sure he wants Aundy because she's plumb sold on him. She would barely give Ashton Monroe the time of day and fairly ran him out of the house, but she sure don't seem to mind Garrett being there," Glen said, deciding Aundy had better taste in men than most of the female population around town. Garrett Nash could have his choice of women, but Ashton had the looks, money, and suave manners that made the ladies practically fall at his feet.

"When was Ashton here?" Dent asked, coming to a stop outside the bunkhouse.

"Just before you and Kade came in. Aundy didn't act none too pleased he showed up. She told him she was fine and to go home. He finally got the idea she wasn't of a mind to visit and left."

"Did he know something had happened or was it a social call?" Dent asked.

"He knew all about it. Said news travels fast. Suppose that's true enough. I heard some busybodies round here can't get any of their housework done cause they spend all day listening in on the phone line."

"That so," Dent said distractedly, looking toward the house and deciding to give Aundy a few more minutes alone with Garrett.

Knocking on the kitchen door half an hour later, Dent walked in to see Garrett drinking coffee and eating cookies while Aundy sipped a cup of tea. She was no longer crying and had her straight spine and determined look back in place.

"Everything alright?" Dent asked, coming inside and pouring himself a cup of coffee.

"For now," Aundy said, looking at Dent and mustering a small smile.

"Lem's gonna stay with Nik and the sheep for a while. Hank's gonna catch a few winks then head out to pick up the second shift. Fred and Bill will keep an eye out around here tonight," Dent said, letting Aundy know someone would be watching to make sure she was safe.

"Why don't you come back with me to Nash's Folly, Aundy? No one will know you're there and you can rest easy," Garrett said, reaching across the table to take her hand in his.

Once she stopped crying, he'd been trying to convince her to stay at his place where Nora could fuss over her and he could keep an eye on her until they caught whoever was making the threats.

Adamant she wasn't going to abandon the farm, the sheep, or her men, Aundy refused. Like she was doing now.

Squeezing his fingers, she smiled with a grateful look but shook her head.

"That's exactly what someone wants me to do, isn't it? Run off scared. I think someone wants me off this place and they're trying to frighten me into leaving by harming my sheep," Aundy said, glancing from Garrett to Dent who sat passing some unspoken message with lifted brows and nearly imperceptible nods of their heads.

"You two agree, don't you?" Aundy said, getting to her feet and pacing around the kitchen again. "Why? What did I do? Who did I offend?"

"No one, Missy," Dent said, shaking his head. "Some folks, men, just don't cotton to the idea of a woman running her own place and doing it quiet well."

"Their way of thinking may be better suited to the days of cavedwellers, but you aren't going to change their minds," Garrett said, glad his parents raised him to think everyone should have equal opportunities regardless of gender or race. "Are you sure I can't convince you to stay at our house tonight?"

"No, Garrett. I thank you for your concern, but I'll be fine," Aundy said, getting to her feet and rinsing out the cups in the sink. Garrett and Dent added theirs and Dent mumbled something about seeing them later and ambled out the door, leaving Garrett leaning against the counter, watching Aundy fuss with wiping off the table and storing the cookies in a tin.

"Aundy," he said, pulling her against him as she walked by.

"Don't, Garrett. Please," Aundy said, tears filling her eyes as she looked into his silvery depths. If he offered more gentle assurances, she would break down sobbing again and that wouldn't help anyone. "I'll be fine. I promise."

"I know you will be. You're one of the strongest women I know," Garrett said, giving her a loving smile. Lowering his head to hers, their lips connected in a fiery kiss and Aundy wrapped her arms around his neck, clinging to him, to her dreams, to her desires. Pressed against him with his lips moving insistently against hers, she could easily forget about the farm, the sheep, and everything else.

Unfortunately, she didn't have the luxury of forgetting and abruptly pulled back, pulled herself down to earth and reality.

"Thank you, Garrett. You can't know how much I appreciate your coming over," Aundy said, meaning every word. Although she refused to let Glen call him, Aundy hadn't realized how desperately she needed to see Garrett until he walked in the door. She wanted to go with him to Nash's Folly where Nora would make her tea, J.B. would offer sage wisdom, and Garrett would keep her safe. Instead, she had to stay, take a stand, and let it be known that nothing was going to run her off Erik's land.

"Anytime you need me, I'll be here," he said, settling his hat on his thick hair and disappearing into the evening darkness enveloping the farm.

Chapter Sixteen

Exhausted after answering endless inquiries about what happened at the farm following church services, Aundy declined Nora's offer to stay for lunch and instead went home to spend the afternoon in the peace and quiet of her own house.

Unable to sleep the previous night due to being both frightened and angry, Aundy wanted nothing more than to curl up on her bed and take a nap.

Removing her church dress and shoes, she pulled on one of the old calico dresses she'd altered to fit her taller, thinner frame, took the pins out of her hair and braided it, fastening the end with a ribbon.

Flopping down on the bed, she tugged a quilt over her legs and was soon asleep.

Rapping, loud and insistent, woke her from her dreams of Garrett and she got to her feet, hurrying to the door feeling a little disoriented and half-awake.

"My gracious, Aundy, are you unwell?" Ashton asked, pushing his way inside the front room.

"I'm well," Aundy said, realizing she probably looked like a rumpled mess and not caring.

Ashton had been fun to visit with on numerous occasions, it was interesting to see his huge, stately home, but he'd never be a close friend, someone Aundy could count on. Something about him seemed secretive. Even she could tell Ashton wasn't always telling her the truth. With no idea what he wanted or why he'd dropped by unannounced, she really wasn't in the mood to visit with him. "May I help you with something?"

"Goodness, no," Ashton said, motioning for Aundy to sit down. Instead of sitting on the sofa Ashton indicated, Aundy choose the rocking chair. A sense of foreboding settled over her and she studied Ashton sitting in the armchair across the room.

Fidgeting with his pocket watch, he kept taking it out of his vest, then shoving it back without ever looking at the time. One of his polished boots tapped out an erratic rhythm and he looked like he'd buttoned his collar too tight.

"Are you well?" Aundy asked, thinking he looked quite unlike himself.

"Quite, my dear," Ashton said, settling back in the chair. "I realize you've had a time of it the last few days and I wanted to offer my assistance. If there is anything I can do to help you, please let me know."

"That's very kind, Ashton. Thank you," Aundy said, offering a smile that didn't quite reach her eyes.

"It isn't kindness, Aundy," Ashton said, looking at her with a probing gaze. "It's quite selfish on my part. You see, I've been meaning to ask you something and well, with things like they are, now seems like the perfect time."

Confused as to what Ashton was talking about, Aundy was surprised when he strode across the room to her chair and dropped to one knee.

"Let me care for you Aundy. Let me keep you safe from harm. Let me love and cherish you. Become my bride," Ashton said, bringing Aundy's hand to his mouth and kissing the back of it fervently.

Resisting the urge to jerk her hand away and wipe it on her skirt, Aundy worked up a smile. She had no idea why Ashton would propose to her. He needed some dainty beauty for a wife, one whose only concern was making him comfortable. Aundy was most definitely not the woman for the job.

"Why, Ashton, you flatter me so with your proposal, but I know it's just this situation that has driven you to ask," Aundy said, getting to her feet, which forced Ashton to do the same. Stepping behind a chair to keep space between them, Aundy held her hand to her chest and tried to look sincere. "You are a dear, sweet man, Ashton, and I appreciate your friendship and your proposal, but you deserve more than I can give you."

Ashton looked crushed as he picked up his hat and gloves from where he'd tossed them when he arrived.

"I'm sorry, I just assumed you felt the same way I do," Ashton said, mumbling something she couldn't hear.

"Pardon?" Aundy asked as Ashton walked toward the door.

"Please, forgive me for attempting to thrust my attentions on you," Ashton said. With a brief nod, he was out the door.

Releasing the breath she didn't even realize she was holding, Aundy sank down on a chair and replayed the conversation with Ashton in her head. His proposal made no sense to her. None at all.

He was the type of man who preferred beauty to brains, submissive to independent, feeble to strong.

Hoping she hadn't hurt his feelings, Aundy decided to go for a ride to clear her head. Changing into a riding skirt and boots, she left her hair in a braid, but added a wide-brimmed hat and hurried out to the barn.

Bell greeted her with a friendly whinny.

"You want to go for a run, girl?" Aundy asked as she saddled the horse and led her out of the barn. Mounting, she decided to check on Nik.

George and Bill helped move the sheep to a pasture closer to the house, where it would be easier to keep an eye on them.

All was calm as Aundy approached. She found Nik sitting under a tree, playing a mournful tune on his harmonica while Bob and Butter rested at his side.

"That's a sad song you're playing," Aundy said, raising an eyebrow at Nik as she swung out of the saddle.

"I know, but I feel sad today," Nik said, stuffing his harmonica in his pocket and getting to his feet. He'd grown a lot in the weeks since he came to the farm. His new pants, which Aundy bought to give him growing room, fit him well. It wouldn't be long before he'd outgrow them and they'd be too short. Nik was going to be a tall, big man when he reached his full weight and height.

For now, she was glad to have the gangly boy with her on the farm. Throwing an arm around his thin shoulders, Aundy gave him a quick squeeze before kneeling down and petting both Butter and Bob.

"Why does someone want to hurt our sheep?" Nik asked, still not able to understand what his sheep had done to incur someone's wrath. "They're harmless."

"I know, Nik," Aundy said, reaching out a hand to the boy. He took it and sat beside her. Patting his back, she sighed as she looked over the flock of sheep, so peaceful as they grazed on the green pasture with the blue sky above them. "I'm having a hard time understanding it myself. Let's just pray whoever it is decides to leave us alone."

"But what if they hurt you?"

"Oh, Nik," Aundy said, giving the boy a one-armed hug. "I'll be fine. Don't you worry."

She tried to talk him into going to the bunkhouse to rest, but he refused to leave the sheep.

"Don't wear yourself out, Nik. You need your rest and you need to take care of yourself or you won't be any good to the sheep," Aundy said, giving Bob and Butter a little more attention before she mounted Bell.

"Yes, ma'am. I'll get some rest later," Nik said, waving at her as she rode along their fence line.

Riding with no direction in mind, Aundy let Bell have her head and enjoyed the feel of the breeze on her face, the sun on her back, and the quiet of the afternoon.

Feeling much better than she had when she left the house, she stopped at the creek that ran through the back section of the farm and let Bell get a drink.

Admiring the light reflecting off the water, she thought she saw a fish dart into the shadows and smiled.

Sitting on the bank, she studied the bugs landing on the surface of the water, the crawdad trying to keep hidden beneath a broken tree limb, and rocks of all types, shapes and sizes that made up the creek bed.

Sticking her hand in the cool water, she picked up a handful of rocks and kept a few that caught her eye, stuffing them in her pocket.

Mounting Bell, she turned the horse toward home, in no hurry to get there. Just before she topped the rise above the back of the home place, she stopped to take in the sight of the farm.

If someone had told her a year, or even six months ago, she'd be riding a horse sitting on a hill in the sunshine admiring a neat red barn, planted fields and a pasture full of sheep, she would have thought they'd lost their ability to think rationally.

Feeling like she'd only been marking time instead of really living before she came to Pendleton, Aundy realized she felt truly alive in her new home. She had good friends, something exciting that drove her out of bed each day and, if she'd let herself admit it, a man she loved who stirred feelings in her she'd never known existed.

Her love for Gunther had been real, even though it was the first love of a young girl. This passion, this demanding current that flowed between Garrett and her, was something entirely different. It had depth and breadth, lightness and darkness, gentleness and wildness all rolled into one.

It scared her. Unsettled her with its intensity.

Remembering her determination to not get involved with another man, her heart whispered that it was already far too late.

If she didn't know Garrett, didn't know how he made her feel, she wondered if she would have still turned down Ashton, then realized the answer was yes.

Thanks to Erik and his belief in her, she no longer had to depend on a husband to be successful. She could do that on her own.

Grateful again for her many blessings, Aundy rode Bell home and gave her a good brushing before stopping by the bunkhouse. Visiting with Li, she asked him to have Dent make sure Nik came in for the night. She knew he'd have someone else keep an eye on the sheep, and she thought the boy would collapse if he didn't get some rest soon.

Spending a quiet evening reading, Aundy realized she was tired when a yawn cracked her jaw. Turning off the lights in the front room and kitchen, she was walking down the hallway to her room when she heard a thump outside on the front porch.

Hurrying into her room, she grabbed her pocket revolver from her reticule and slipped out the kitchen door.

The smart thing to do would be to run to the bunkhouse and get reinforcements, but Aundy didn't want to chance whomever it was getting away.

Edging around the corner of the house, she peeked up on the porch and saw no one. Continuing to stick to the shadows, she moved along the front of the house, glad the moon illuminated the night.

Deciding to go back to make sure whoever it was didn't sneak in the kitchen door, she turned to retrace her steps and bumped into a solid wall of man.

"What are you doing?" Garrett asked, his voice husky by her ear as his hands gripped her arms.

"Are you insane? I almost shot you," Aundy hissed, dropping her arm away from Garrett. If she hadn't been careful like he taught her, he'd be lying on the ground with a bullet in his chest. The thought of that made her feel lightheaded and woozy.

When she swayed on her feet, Garrett put his arm around her waist and pulled her against his side, hurrying her up the kitchen steps and in the door.

Seating her at the table, he lit a lamp and studied her pale face.

"What do you mean almost shot me?" he asked, looking for evidence of Erik's revolver.

Aundy held out her hand, showing him the small pocket revolver resting on her palm.

"Just where did you get that?" Garrett asked, picking up the gun and looking it over.

"I bought it. It makes me feel safer when I go to town," Aundy said, setting her chin stubbornly.

"Okay," Garrett said, carefully setting the gun on the table, pointed away from them both, before removing his hat. "That's a sound reason."

"What are you doing here?" Aundy asked, looking at Garrett as he sank down beside her, running a hand through his hair. Aundy clasped her hands tightly in her lap to keep her own fingers from following the trails his made. It was just wrong for a man to have such thick, lush hair and not even know what a temptation it was to women.

"I wanted to make sure you were well, that nothing else had happened," Garrett said, sitting back in the chair and drumming his fingers on the table. "I just stepped onto the porch when the lights when off in the front room and then the kitchen lights. I worried someone might be in here and was going to run around to the kitchen door when I tripped over that pot of flowers you have by the chairs out front. Your posies might not look too good in the morning."

Smiling, Aundy took his nervous hand in hers and squeezed his fingers. "As you can see, I'm fine. Nothing happened today. I went for a ride this afternoon and visited with Nik then rode out to the creek. It was so peaceful."

"It's peaceful there, and such a nice day for a ride," Garrett said. He wanted to get away earlier to check on Aundy, but one thing or another had delayed him all afternoon. Hoping she'd stay at Nash's Folly after church, he wasn't surprised when she insisted on going home.

Still dressed in her riding skirt, Aundy patted her pocket, recalling the rocks she plucked from the creek bed. Fishing them out, she placed them in Garrett's hand.

Studying the rocks, he grinned and put them back in her hand, closing her fingers around them. "Those are interesting rocks. You find those in the creek?"

"Yes," Aundy said, taking a small glass bowl from a shelf and putting the rocks inside before setting it on the table. "I thought they were pretty."

"That they are," Garrett said, pulling Aundy onto his lap and into his arms. "Not near as pretty as you, though."

Laughing, Aundy pushed back from Garrett enough to look in his face. "You clearly have a problem with your vision, Mr. Nash."

"I don't think so," Garrett said, lowering his head to hers. Their lips met in a fiery clash, making heat dance in his belly. He wanted Aundy, wanted to spend his life with her, more than he'd wanted anything before.

Consumed.

He was utterly consumed with the woman, and he didn't care if everyone knew it. He loved her with an intensity he'd never imagined feeling.

She was his Viking queen. Strong, independent, and confident with that head of golden hair she so often wore braided into a crown, her sky blue eyes, and striking appearance. Like her ancestors, she had roamed into his life and conquered him completely. It took no time at all for her to pillage his heart, plunder his soul, and laid siege to his mind so his thoughts continually turned to her.

Hearing the whisper of his name as she opened herself to him, Garrett fought to keep his control.

Moaning, he grasped her face in his hands and deepened the kiss. Aundy held tight to him, her hands digging into his shoulders. This was the reason he'd been born - to hold this woman in his arms and love her with everything he had.

Suddenly, she trembled and jerked back.

"What's wrong?" he asked quietly. Moving his hand, he grasped her chin and lifted it, forcing her to meet his gaze.

"I can't...I promised...I..." Aundy would have turned her face from him, but Garrett held her chin firmly, but gently, keeping her from moving away. She loved him so much an ache beyond any pain she'd ever experienced tightened her chest. It was because she loved him she had to stop what was between them.

"What did you promise?"

"I promised myself I wouldn't get involved with another man. It ends so badly when I do and I care for you far too much to hurt you," Aundy admitted, although it pained her to do so.

Why couldn't Garrett just leave her alone? Why did he have to look at her until her heart thundered in her chest? Why did he have to tease her and protect her and make her feel beautiful?

Garrett had become an integral part of her life and captured her heart, although she couldn't name the specific moment it had happened. Now she had to push him away. It was the only way to keep him safe, especially with someone after her sheep and quite possibly out to get her.

"You're not making sense. How could you possibly hurt me?" Garrett asked, confused. He drew back, but didn't let go. "You don't honestly blame yourself for what happened to Erik, do you?"

Instead of answering, Aundy stood and walked to the kitchen window. Watching the moonlight illuminate the barnyard, she felt Garrett step behind her and place his hands on her arms, drawing her against his back, into his strength. She was coming to depend on it all too much.

"Aundy, you had nothing to do with Erik's death. Not a thing. Maybe the horses would have bolted another day or something else would have happened. It wasn't anything you did."

"Just being with me seems to be enough to drive men to their deaths," Aundy said, wrapping her arms around herself, knowing she needed to muster her defenses and keep away from Garrett. It was the only way she could protect him.

"That's ridiculous. One freak accident doesn't mean anything."

"It happened to my fiance and my father, too," Aundy said, brushing at tears that threatened to roll down her cheeks. "Gunther and I had plans to wed and he died alongside my father in a terrible accident that should never have happened."

"For a smart girl with a lot of common sense, you aren't making any," Garrett said, running a hand through his hair in frustration. Considering the fact just moments earlier she'd been every bit as involved in whatever it was that sizzled between them, he didn't know how she could try to push him away now. "Aundy, what are you afraid of?"

"That something will happen to you, too," Aundy whispered so quietly, Garrett had to strain to hear.

"Nothing is going to happen to me, unless God decides it's my time to be called home to glory. You have no control over that, Aundy," Garrett said, turning her around so she could see his face. "I'm pleased to know you care about me enough to want to protect me, but I think you're worried for no reason."

"I mean it, Garrett. I just can't get involved with you. I can't. I..."

"You what?"

Aundy shook her head and swiped at the tears that were spilling from her eyes. Garrett tried to hug her, but she pushed at his chest until he let her go.

"Please, Garrett, I think it's best you leave now."

"Fine, but let me give you one thing to mull over while I'm leaving you alone," Garrett said and caught her roughly to him, kissing her like he'd never have the opportunity to do it again. Her arms wound around his neck as she held him close, returning every ounce of heat and hunger he poured out to her.

Letting her go abruptly, he grabbed his hat and gave her one last, longing look. "I meant what I said last night. Anytime you need me, I'll be here."

Slamming the door on his way out, Aundy was sure Dent and the boys could hear it at the bunkhouse.

Leaning against the counter to brace herself, Aundy didn't think her legs could hold her without support. Not when she watched every dream she'd ever had for a happy-ever-after walk out the door. Forcing herself to stay away from Garrett was going to be the hardest thing she'd ever done, especially when her heart kept whispering he was the one she could love for a lifetime.

Chapter Seventeen

"It says, 'Titus gave the city of Jerusalem over to his soldiers with orders for them to sack, burn and raze. More than a million people died in the siege with those kept alive turned into slaves. Many were sent to be fodder for the gladiators and beasts in the Roman arenas.'" Nik stopped reading the history book in his hand and looked at Aundy as she mixed up a cake recipe handed down in her family for many generations. "What do you suppose it was like, being in one of those arenas?"

Pouring the batter into a pan and placing it in the oven, Aundy sat down across from Nik and thought about his question.

"I suppose it would have been loud, for one thing. Think of all the people there, not to mention the noise from beneath the arena where they kept the men and beasts. From what I understand, there were vendors selling all sorts of things, so they were probably calling out to people, trying to get them to buy their wares. It probably smelled pretty bad with all the blood and animals there, and the sheer number of people watching. It was probably hot, standing on the sand they used in the arena," Aundy said, trying to remember her ancient history lessons. "What do you think it would have been like to be a gladiator? What if you were in your own country, minding your own business, when one day the Roman army shows up and declares war against you. You fight, but despite your best efforts, you're captured. Resisting is futile and you're forced to comply. After days, maybe weeks of journeying, you find yourself at a ludus where you're told you'll train to fight in the arena or you'll be killed."

"What's a ludus?" Nik asked, enraptured with Aundy's perspective of ancient history and the interesting way she shared it with him.

"It was a training school for gladiators. They would break the men down and then build them back up as fighting machines," Aundy said. She'd always liked history lessons. When they finished studying Roman history, she'd move Nik on to the Vikings. Tales of her ancestors' battles often stirred her blood.

Thinking of her blood stirring made images of Garrett come to mind, so she slammed the door on those thoughts, much like he'd slammed the door on her several nights ago.

"How do you know so much about history, and everything?" Nik asked, sweeping his hand across the table to emphasize his point with the piles of books and papers covering the surface.

Aundy smiled, straightening a stack of the boy's homework. "I always enjoyed school and learning. Books were a way to travel to faraway places I knew I'd never see in my lifetime."

Nik looked at her, balancing what she was saying against what some of the men told him about book learning being a waste of time for a poor shepherd boy.

Sensing his hesitation, Aundy grabbed his hand and pulled him to his feet.

"Come with me," she said, tugging him to the front room. Studying the bookshelf, Aundy pulled several titles from their places and set them on table in front of the sofa. Pushing Nik down to the seat, she grinned at him.

Picking up the first book on the pile, she handed it to Nik, then grabbed a parasol from the hall tree by the front door. Holding it like a sword, she prepared for an imaginary battle. "Dumas' The Three Musketeers lets you engage in sword fights and great battles for honor and truth," Aundy said, jumping around the room, lunging at Nik with her pretend sword, making him laugh.

Grabbing the next book, she tossed it to him. Catching it, he read the title From Pole to Pole. "What's this one about?"

Pulling a quilt off the arm of the sofa, Aundy draped it over her head so it fell down her back and stuck her hands in front of her like claws. "You can read all about the adventures in the torrid and frigid zones of both poles. How else would you get up close and personal with a polar bear?"

Leaping at Nik like she was going to eat him, he jerked back against the sofa with an astonished look on his face.

"What if you were stranded on a deserted island for years and years like Robinson Crusoe?" Aundy said, plopping on the chair across from him, looking around forlorn, like she was lost and alone. "Just think of what it would be like. The things you'd see and smell and taste and hear."

Nik sat up, anxious to see what she'd do next. She handed him the last book from her stack and grabbed the pail by the desk she used to collect discarded paper. Upending it, she beat on it like a drum and marched around the room, pretending to have a gimpy leg while humming Yankee Doodle.

"What if you could walk right beside General George Washington as he defended our great country during the Revolutionary War?"

Setting down the pail and picking up the scattered papers, dumping them back inside, Aundy collapsed on a chair and blew the tendrils of hair out of her eyes that escaped the braid around her head.

"Tell me, Nikola Zorian Gandiaga, don't you think books are a wonderful, magical thing?" Winking at the boy, Aundy thought she might have gone too far with her antics as he continued to stare at her, not saying a word.

When Nik finally jumped to his feet and clapped enthusiastically, she decided perhaps not.

"That was amazing!" Nik said, excitement filling his face. "Wait 'til I tell the guys about this."

"Now, hold on a minute," Aundy said, grabbing Nik's arm before he could rush out the front door. "There will be no telling of tales, my young man. None at all. That performance was just for you, so you best keep it to yourself. I've got a dignified reputation to uphold you know."

Aundy thrust her nose in the air with an exaggerated haughty demeanor until she smelled cake.

"Oh, gracious! I forgot the cake," she said, running to the kitchen to pull the pan from the oven, letting out a sigh of relief it hadn't burned.

"The cake would have been a worthy sacrifice for all that," Nik said, giving Aundy a teasing smile.

"Oh, go on with you," Aundy said, helping Nik gather up his books and papers. He finished the glass of milk he'd been drinking and snatched a few cookies to take with him. "You can have a big piece of cake tomorrow, but only if you promise to be quiet about your lesson this evening."

"I promise," Nik said, wishing like everything the men could have seen Aundy in action. She would have made a great teacher, if she wasn't so busy trying to learn to be a farmer. "Night, Aundy."

"Night, Nik. Be sure you get some sleep," she said, giving him a hug on his way out the door.

Watching him saunter to the bunkhouse in his gangly stride, Aundy smiled. He was such a bright boy with a good heart, she couldn't wait to see what kind of man he was going to grow up to be. She hoped one every bit as kind, strong, and handsome as a certain neighbor whom she couldn't keep out of her thoughts.

Since she'd pushed Garrett out of her life, she forced herself to stay away from Nash's Folly. She picked up the telephone at least once a day to call and apologize, realizing those who listened in would have a heyday with the gossip if she did that.

Out riding the fence yesterday, she thought she saw him in the field and started to wave, then thought better of it.

If her traitorous heart had just listened to her head and not fallen for Garrett Nash, she wouldn't be feeling so heartbroken and desolate.

Going to the front room and putting the books back on the shelf, she grinned, thinking of the fun she'd had with Nik this evening. It reminded her of happy times she'd shared with her brother and sister when they were younger. Lars never liked school, always more interested in something that involved activity, so Aundy would act out some of his lessons in an effort to help him learn. Ilsa liked to join in, and the three of them had a high time studying and playing together.

Wishing Ilsa had been able to join her, Aundy frowned as she thought about the letter that arrived from her sister. Although Ilsa was more than ready to come, their aunt kept finding reasons to keep her there. The girl thought she might have to steal away in the night to escape. Aundy certainly hoped it wouldn't come to that.

Folding the quilt and putting it back on the sofa, she checked the lock on the door and extinguished the lamp.

Falling into bed exhausted, sleep was a long time coming as she thought about her farm, her family, her duties, and her love for Garrett.

Standing at the kitchen sink early the next morning, she heard several loud pops and dropped the glass she was holding, shattering it in the sink.

Racing out the kitchen door, she was half-way to the barn when Dent and the hands poured out of the bunkhouse.

"What was that?" she asked, her eyes wide with fright. She thought she knew what it was, but hoped she was wrong.

"Gun shots," Dent said, running in the direction of the sheep, yelling orders as he went. "Fred, Bill, saddle up and meet us in the pasture. George and Glen, get out on patrol, see what you can find. Li, keep an eye on things here. Hank's with me, we'll check on Nik and Lem."

Aundy picked up her skirts and ran after Dent and Hank. Her side ached and her lungs burned, but she kept running.

Topping a rise, they could see five dead sheep in a pool of blood that stained the grass crimson. Not far from them was a motionless dog, a bleating lamb and the unmoving form of Nik.

"No, not Nik," Aundy whispered, willing her legs to carry her to the boy. Dent reached him first and carefully rolled him over. Blood poured from a wound in his upper chest.

Dropping to her knees, Aundy held Nik's head on her lap and brushed her hand along his forehead. "Oh, you poor baby. Nik, you'll be okay. We'll take care of you. Nik, please be okay."

Aundy turned her head to wipe her tear-stained cheek on her shoulder, while Dent ran to Fred, who arrived on horseback. "Call the doc and the sheriff. If they don't answer, ride for town," Dent yelled at Fred as he spun around and took off to house. Turning to Bill as he arrived, leading another horse, Dent mounted as he sent him to get the wagon so Nik could be moved to the house. The cowboy raced off, following Fred.

"I need to find Lem, Missy. I'll stay here, but I'm gonna look around," Dent said, turning to Hank, who stood nearby, his face blanched white at the sight of all the blood. "Hank, walk over to that grove of trees and see if you find anything."

Dent rode off in the opposite direction, studying the ground.

Aundy fished her handkerchief out of her pocket and wiped Nik's face. He had lost all color and the fact he hadn't stirred worried her. This reminded her too much of the day Erik was injured.

She should never have let Nik stay out with the sheep after she had the first threat. Looking at the boy, she knew he would have snuck out to be with the sheep regardless of what she said.

Bumped from behind, Aundy lifted an arm and Butter wedged his little body next to her side, bleating pitifully.

"I know, Butter. I know," Aundy said, rubbing her arm over the lamb's head. He flopped down on the grass next to her and sniffed at Nik, bleating again.

Forcing herself not to look back at Bob, Aundy knew the dog was beyond helping.

Hearing the jingle of harness and the pounding of hooves, Bill and Fred topped the rise in the wagon, bouncing wildly as they urged the horses to go faster.

Aundy saw Dent dismount behind a tree and wondered if he found Lem. She prayed the cowboy was alive.

Sending up prayers for Nik and all her men, Aundy held onto Butter as the wagon creaked to a stop beside them. Bill and Fred had grabbed a few saddle blankets to cushion the bed of the wagon. Aundy scrambled to climb in the back, sitting down so the men could place the boy with his head resting on her lap. Fred picked up Butter and set him beside her.

"Thank you," she said, glancing up at him with tear-filled eyes. She knew how much Fred disliked the sheep. To see him so tenderly pick up the lamb threatened to unravel the few threads keeping her from falling apart.

Dent was waving at them from the tree, so Bill and Fred guided the wagon that direction while Hank ran over.

"Help me get him loaded, boys," Dent said, motioning to Lem. Although unconscious, he was breathing. A bloody cut on his head appeared to be all the damage he'd suffered.

"Looks like someone knocked him out. Probably clubbed him with a rifle," Dent said as they placed Lem in the wagon next to Nik. "Head back to the house. I'm gonna do a little sniffing around while we wait for the sheriff."

"He's out of town, but Kade and the Doc both said they'd be here as quick as they could," Fred said, nodding to Dent as Bill turned the wagon toward the house.

Pulling up by the front door, Aundy carefully moved and lowered Nik's head to the wagon bed before accepting Bill's hand and jumping down.

Running up the porch steps, she raced into Erik's room, glad she'd aired it recently after sorting through Erik's things. Now the room looked orderly, if impersonal.

Flinging the quilt off the bed, she folded back the covers and turned as Bill and Fred carried the boy in the door.

"Bring him in here," Aundy said, watching as they gently carried Nik to the bed and carefully placed him on top of the sheet.

Aundy ran to the kitchen to get some rags and start boiling water while Bill and Fred helped Lem in the house. Disoriented, he managed to walk into the front room with the support of the other two men.

Returning with a pan of warm water, Aundy held a cloth over Nik's wound, hoping to stop the flow of blood. Having Bill hold the rag, she took another and wet it, wiping off Nik's face and hands.

"Nik, you're going to be just fine. You're back at the house and safe now," Aundy said as she rinsed the rag and washed his face again.

Bill peeled back the blood soaked rag and Aundy handed him a fresh one. She took a damp cloth to Lem and dabbed at the wound on his head that was already forming a scab.

The thundering of hooves echoed up the drive and Fred ran outside to greet Kade.

"Doc's coming," Kade yelled loud enough they could hear him in the house. Fred ran out and scooped up Butter from the front lawn before climbing in the wagon and driving it to the barn, following the deputy as he raced ahead.

"How's Nik?" Lem asked quietly, looking into the room where he could see Bill bent over the boy.

"He's bleeding a lot," Aundy said, not knowing what else to do for Lem. Going to the kitchen, she came back with a glass of water and handed it to him. He drank it down and leaned back against the chair, closing his eyes.

"Tried to stop him," Lem said, shaking his head, then wincing at the pain.

"Stop who?" Aundy asked, hoping Lem saw the man's face.

"Don't know. He had on a hood that covered his head," Lem said, holding his head in his hands. "Don't know who."

"Just rest for now, Lem," Aundy said, patting his arm. "You can tell us what happened later."

"Aundy?" Bill called and she hurried to the bedroom. "I need more rags."

Terrified by the sight of the blood-soaked rags in the pan of water, Aundy took the pan to the kitchen and hurried back with another stack of cloths. Nik was going to bleed to death right there on the bed if they didn't do something soon. Uncertain if the bullet was still inside the boy, Aundy felt helpless.

Dropping to her knees next to the bed, she took Nik's hand in hers and prayed. Lifting her head, she saw Bill nod and offer her a tight smile. Before she could get to her feet, the doctor burst in the front door.

He started toward Lem, but Bill grabbed his arm, pulling him into the bedroom.

"Nik's been shot," Bill said, pointing to the wound. "Lem's got a bump on his head. Reckon he can wait a spell before you tend him."

The doctor began barking orders and put both Bill and Aundy into service helping him. When he dug the bullet out of Nik, Aundy thought she would surely faint, but forced herself to breathe and keep following the doctor's directions.

"I can't promise anything, Aundy. That poor boy lost a lot of blood," Doc said, staring down at Nik's ashen face. "We'll just have to wait and see."

Washing his hands, the doctor went to tend Lem, declaring he had a concussion and a nasty cut. Giving him six stitches, he told Lem to take it easy for a while and stay away from any activities that might bump his head.

Lem decided to go back to the bunkhouse to rest and ambled off that direction, leaving Bill, Aundy and Doc in the house to watch over Nik.

The phone rang and Aundy went to answer it, not surprised to find Nora on the other end of the line.

"Oh, honey, George told Jim what happened over the fence a little bit ago. I'll bring some food over and Garrett is riding to the pasture to see if he can help track whoever did this. Is anyone hurt?"

"Nik," Aundy said, feeling her throat tighten with emotion. "Nik was shot."

Aundy heard Nora's intake of breath. "Have mercy! Who would shoot that sweet boy?"

"I wish I knew," Aundy said, starting to feel anger overtake her other emotions. Who, indeed, would shoot an innocent boy? "Doc took out the bullet so we're just waiting."

Nora didn't have to ask what they were waiting for.

"I'll be over as soon as I can, honey. Just sit tight," Nora said, hanging up the phone. Aundy knew with Nora there, she'd be able to focus more on Nik and figuring out who had done such a horrid thing.

Making a fresh pot of coffee, Aundy walked back to the front room where Bill and Doc sat visiting quietly. They positioned their chairs so they could easily see into the bedroom where Nik fought for his life.

Uncertain what she should do, Aundy took a wet cloth and wiped Nik's face, kissing his forehead as she brushed back his hair and whispering to him to fight to get well. She reminded him that he had many, many adventures to take and they'd barely got started on his schooling.

"Fight, Nik. You've got to fight," she said, kissing his forehead again before walking to the kitchen.

Pouring two cups of coffee, she took the mugs of hot brew to Doc and Bill, then went back to the kitchen to stir up a batch of sugar cookies. She didn't know what else to do to keep busy.

Placing warm cookies on a plate, she carried it to the front room and set it on a table between the two men. Offering to refill their coffee cups, she took them back to the kitchen and returned to the front room, feeling ready to climb the walls.

Not one who could ever sit and do nothing, Aundy knew she couldn't read, couldn't sew, couldn't do anything at the moment other than worry about and pray for Nik.

Rubbing her hand on her apron, she looked down and noticed for the first time the blood that covered it.

Excusing herself, she went to her room and changed into a clean dress. With her hair flying every direction, she took it down, combed it and then braided it in a crown around her head, knowing that would help keep it contained. As she was leaving the room with her soiled clothes in hand, she thought about her little revolver. Slipping it into her pocket, she decided it might be a good idea to carry it today.

Leaving her clothes soaking in a pan of water on the back porch, she tied on a clean apron and began thinking about making lunch. Looking in the refrigerator to see if she had enough left over roast to make sandwiches, she was surprised to see Nora bustle in the back door, followed by J.B., both carrying loaded baskets of food.

Setting the baskets on the table, they each gave her a hug. J.B. decided to walk down to the barn and see if Dent was back while Nora removed her hat and hung it on a peg by the door.

"Let's go see that boy," Nora said, taking Aundy's hand and walking to the bedroom. Greeting Doc, Aundy asked Bill if he'd walk with J.B. down to the barn, knowing he'd rather be outside than stuck in the house.

Nora and the doctor checked on Nik while Aundy stood at the foot of the bed. Patting Nik's sheet-covered foot, she felt tears threatening to spill and turned away just as a knock sounded at the front door.

Aundy opened it and bit back a sigh when Ashton stood on the front porch with his hat in hand.

"Aundy, I just heard the news. Is the boy going to live?"

"We're praying he will," Aundy said, opening the door and stepping back so Ashton could walk inside. He gave a brief glance into the room where Doc and Nora stood over Nik's bed, then took Aundy's hand in his own, pulling her to the far side of the front room.

"When I find who has done this, I'll make sure he pays," Ashton said vehemently.

Looking at Ashton, really looking at him, Aundy thought something about him seemed different. Although dressed impeccably, his hair was a mess and a growth of stubble darkened his normally smooth cheeks. His eyes were what she noticed most. There was an odd light glinting in them that frightened her.

"Missy, Dent say to..." Li said, opening the door and hurrying inside only to come to a complete standstill a few feet away from where she stood with Ashton.

Dropping his head, Li began backing toward the door. "Sorry, Missy. I come later."

"Please, come in," Aundy said, motioning for him to stay. "Have you met Mr. Monroe?"

"I leave now, Missy," Li said and hurried out the door.

"That wasn't like him," Aundy said absently, staring at the closed door, wondering what had gotten into her cook.

"What kind of help have you hired out here?" Ashton asked, glaring at the closed door. "You've hired a Chinese laborer?"

"He's a wonderful cook and a good friend," Aundy said, not liking Ashton's tone. "Speaking of good cooking, Nora brought food for lunch. I think I'll set it out. I'm sure everyone is hungry."

Walking to the kitchen, Aundy wished Ashton would leave instead of following her. She opened one of the covered baskets Nora brought and set a platter of sandwiches on the table.

Getting plates out of a cupboard, she turned around to see Ashton grab the rocks she left in a bowl in the center of the table.

"Aren't those pretty?" Aundy said, setting down the plates and pulling a cake from the second basket. "I found those down at the creek the other day."

"Down at the creek? On your property?" Ashton said, dumping the rocks into his hand and tossing all but three aside.

"What are you doing?" Aundy asked, bending over to pick up the rocks Ashton threw on the floor. Reaching beneath the table, she suddenly felt fingers curl around her upper arm like an iron fist.

"Something I should have done weeks ago," Ashton said, yanking her upright and tugging her out the door behind him. Glancing around the corner of the house, he jerked Aundy along with him. So surprised by his behavior, she hadn't yet put up a fight, but when he neared the end of the front walk, Aundy pulled back.

"I'm not going anywhere. I need to be here, close to Nik," Aundy said, digging her feet into the yard.

"You're coming with me," Ashton said, gripping her arm tightly and continuing toward his horse.

"I won't go with you," Aundy said, starting to panic, trying to pull away. If she screamed, would the men get there in time to help her? So much for thinking she could take care of herself. "You can't make me."

"Yes, I can," Ashton said, staring at her before pulling a revolver from his holster and striking the butt against her head, knocking her unconscious.

Chapter Eighteen

Garrett couldn't get to Aundy's fast enough once he heard the news about Nik being shot and her dead sheep.

Knowing she still wasn't of a mind to speak to him, he rode out to where the sheep were pastured to see if he could do anything to help.

Dent and Kade were there, along with Fred, Hank, George and Glen.

Looking at the slaughtered animals, Garrett shook his head. Why anyone would be so cruel, he had no idea. Trying not to think about the wounded boy back at the house, he dismounted and walked over to where the men stood.

"Garrett, good to see you," Dent said, reaching out and shaking his hand. "We found some bullet casings by the tree where we found Lem. Looks like whoever did this took Lem by surprise, shot the dog and maybe didn't plan on Nik being out here. Probably killed the sheep first, then did the shooting because we heard the shots go off early this morning and the sheep were already bleeding out when we found them."

Surveying the area, Garrett wished the ground had been wet. Maybe then they'd be able to find a distinguishable boot or hoof mark.

As it was, all they had was some flattened grass.

They were all looking for clues when a yell drew their attention toward the barn. Garrett slapped his horse on the rump and mounted on the run with the rest of the men hurrying to follow.

Racing toward the home place, he topped the rise and nearly plowed over Aundy's cook.

Pulling back on the reins, he circled Li, then bent down to look in the man's frightened face.

"Missy need help!" Li said, over and over while Garrett looked at him, trying to make sense of his words.

"Help? Who needs help, Li?"

"Hurry, bad man has Missy. Hurry fast," Li said, waving his hands in the direction of the house while trying to catch his breath. "Bad man take Missy, ride away."

Giving Li a hand and hauling him up behind him on the horse, they rode to the bunkhouse where Li jumped off, pointing toward the house. "Bad man, Ashton, take Missy with him."

"Ashton? Ashton Monroe?" Garrett asked, wishing Li could speak better English. As wound up as he was, it was nearly impossible to understand him. "How do you know Ashton?"

"He beat me, leave me to die when I not help him cheat someone when Missy find me," Li said, pointing down the road. "He hurt Missy. Hurry."

"Who's gonna hurt Missy?" Dent asked as he and the rest of the men rode up while Bill and J.B. hurried out of the barn to see who was making all the commotion.

"Ashton Monroe," Garrett said, looking at Kade. "Li said he took Aundy and rode off. We've got to find her. If he's behind all this, there's no telling what he'll do."

"Why he want Missy?" Li asked, looking from Garrett to Dent.

"We're about to find out," Kade said. Making plans, he asked J.B. to stay with Nora at the house, and asked Bill and Dent to keep an eye on the place while George and Glen went back out to watch over the sheep and clean up the dead carcasses. Garrett, Fred, and Hank would go with Kade to find Aundy. Li would watch over Lem at the bunkhouse.

"Any ideas on why Ashton would kidnap Aundy, kill her sheep, shoot the boy, and try to run her off the place?" Kade asked, wishing he'd paid more attention to Ashton at dinner the other night. He'd been so busy trying to ignore the two Raines sisters, he hadn't noticed much else.

"Not really. There has to be something he wants real bad on the farm. Why else would he try to run her off?" Garrett asked, thinking aloud. Watching Ashton fawn over Aundy had rankled Garrett more than he cared to admit. Whenever Ashton got close to her, waves of jealousy washed through him until it was all he could do not to punch the man in the face.

If he really did take Aundy and was behind all the terror at her place, he'd do a lot more than break Ashton's perfect, aristocratic nose.

Seething with anger, Garrett realized he should have told Aundy the truth the other night. She'd hurt him when she pushed him away, but instead of talking out the problem, making sure she knew how much he loved her and asking her to marry him, he'd kissed her with a ruthless intensity and stormed out the door.

If he was truly planning to love Aundy for the rest of her life, he would have to learn to let go of his pride and resign himself to the fact that she was anything but a typical woman.

Most women he knew were content keeping a home, raising children. Something in him knew Aundy would want more. Too bright and lively to stay in the house and be completely domestic, she wanted to be outside doing, learning, succeeding on the farm. Garrett would have to give her plenty of room to spread her wings if he didn't want to lose her altogether.

He loved her too much to consider the possibility of a future without her in it.

Thoughts of telling her how he really felt spurred him closer to Dogwood Corners.

"What if he isn't there? Then what?" Garrett asked Kade as they galloped down the road.

"Then we'll go to town and round up a posse and find him," Kade said, not wanting to drag more people into something that could quite likely end with gunfire.

Stopping at the point where the road met with the lane up to Ashton's stately home, Kade looked around the group, hoping things went better than he was expecting. "Here's what we're gonna do..."

A sharp pounding behind her eyes roused Aundy. Trying to remember what she'd done to hurt her head, she recalled arguing with Ashton before everything went black.

Opening her eyes slowly, she realized she was lying face down on a bed. Cautiously looking around without moving, in case Ashton was nearby, she saw an unfamiliar room.

Listening carefully, the only sound she heard was her own breathing. Deciding she was alone, she rolled onto her side to discover her hands tied together in front of her with what appeared to be Ashton's handkerchief.

Holding the knot up to her mouth, she yanked and tugged at it with her teeth. She almost had it loose when the creak of a floorboard let her know someone was right outside the door. Rolling onto her stomach, she made sure to tuck her hands beneath her then closed her eyes.

Footsteps thudded across the floor and stopped next to the bed. She could smell Ashton's cologne, a scent she now found nauseating. Everything in her wanted to jump up kicking and screaming. Instead, she pretended she was still unconscious, carefully taking even breaths.

"Maybe I hit you a little harder than necessary, my dear," Ashton said, putting a hand to her head. When she didn't move, he withdrew his hand and paced the floor. "You stupid farmers just don't take the hint. I tried multiple times to buy you all out, but you just don't listen. First, it was that idiot Nash family holding things up. Trying to get rid of J.B. didn't work. Who knew the old coot would recover? I thought for sure when I spooked Erik's team and the wagon crashed, I'd be able to pick up his place for a song. Except he had to go and leave the land to you, the most stubborn, unreasonable female I've ever encountered. I only offered to marry you as a last ditch effort to get the land. I could have enjoyed the benefits of marriage for a while, and when I got bored, you'd have just disappeared. Now, I'm going to have to marry you and kill you all in the same day. Then I'll finally have my land and my gold."

Stunned by the words pouring out of Ashton's mouth, Aundy had to bite her tongue until she tasted blood to keep from saying anything. What gold was Ashton talking about? Suddenly the shiny rocks she pulled from the creek made sense. Ashton didn't want the land, he wanted the gold that was in the creek running through both the Erickson and Nash properties. She couldn't believe he'd been the reason J.B. was injured and that he'd essentially killed Erik.

What if he'd gone after Garrett? Maybe he had and she didn't know about it yet. The thought of anything happening to him made Aundy renew her determination to survive this ordeal just to tell Garrett how much she loved him.

"Rest while you can, dear Mrs. Erickson, because as soon as the preacher arrives, you're marrying me, signing over the farm, then you're going to tragically fall down the stairs and break your lovely long neck," Ashton said, patting Aundy on the leg as he strode from the room.

The man had completely lost his mind.

Waiting for the sound of his footsteps to die away, Aundy sat up and tugged at the knot holding her hands captive. Pulling it loose, she quickly worked her hands free. Getting to her feet, a wave of dizziness almost dropped her to the floor, but she balanced herself by holding onto the dresser and waited until her vision cleared. Although her head felt like someone was trying to split it in two, there was no way she would sit around doing nothing while Ashton worked on his scheme to kill her.

Walking to the windows, she hoped the room was one that opened onto a balcony. Staring outside, she sighed to see nothing but blue sky and a long drop to the ground.

If Ashton thought she'd obediently do whatever he said, he really didn't know her at all.

Looking around the room, trying to decide what she could do to escape, she began working on an idea.

Kade and Garrett were ready to ride up the lane to Ashton's house and execute their plan when Pastor Whitting waved and rode up beside them.

"Good afternoon, gentleman. Going to visit Ashton?" the pastor asked with a cheery smile.

"Something like that," Garrett muttered quietly, trying to be civil. The pastor hadn't done anything to incur his wrath. "What brings you out here?"

"Ashton called and said he had a special matter that required my immediate attention," Pastor Whitting said, looking skeptical. "He wouldn't say what that matter was, just that I needed to hurry. Since I was going to come out anyway to check on Nik and Aundy, I thought it was easy enough to stop by."

"Say, Kade, I have an idea," Garrett said, looking from Hank to the preacher.

A few minutes later, Hank was dressed in the pastor's clothes, his revolver hidden beneath the light coat, while the pastor wore Hank's denims, neckerchief, and western hat.

"I always wanted to be a cowboy," the pastor said, mounting Hank's horse and grinning broadly.

"Just remember, you stay far back, out of the line of fire," Kade said to the pastor before falling in line behind Hank who was riding Pastor Whitting's horse.

Halfway up the lane, Garret, Kade, Fred, and Pastor Whitting split up, urging their horses past the trees to flank the sides of the house without being seen. Hank continued right up the lane to the front door.

Since he couldn't recall ever meeting Ashton, they hoped Ashton had never seen Hank around town or at Aundy's place. He would pretend to be a Pastor Whitting's nephew who stopped for a visit on his way through town.

Adjusting the narrow brim of the wool crusher hat on his head, Hank decided this was probably as close to being a man of the cloth as he was ever going to get. Looping the reins of the horse around a hitching post at the bottom of a set of broad steps leading up to the front door, Hank straightened his coat, tucked Pastor Whitting's Bible in one hand, and took a deep breath.

Walking sedately to the door, he knocked loudly and waited, praying their ruse would go undetected by Ashton.

Knocking again, Hank cast a glance over his shoulder, pretending to be studying the expansive yard instead of scouting to see if the men were in place. Out of the corner of his eye he watched Kade wave briefly from the edge of the shrubbery, and turned his attention back to the door.

Hearing footsteps approach, he plastered a huge smile on his face.

"Yes? May I help you?" Ashton asked tersely as he opened the door and saw a stranger standing there.

"You sure can," Hank said, offering his friendliest smile. "My uncle said you called this morning and requested his services."

"Uncle? The only person I called was Pastor Whitting," Ashton said, clearly annoyed.

"Yes, that's right. Pastor Whitting is my uncle. I recently graduated from seminary and am on my way to minister my own little flock near The Dalles. I decided to stop and visit my dear auntie and uncle for a few days. He was just coming to see you when he was unavoidably detained with an emergency, so he asked me to offer my services and see if I may be of assistance."

"Oh," Ashton said, not caring what preacher performed the ceremony as long as the result was a legal and binding marriage to Aundy.

Giving all his help except for the cook the day off so he'd have fewer witnesses around, Ashton decided his plan was coming together quite nicely. If the bride would wake up from the little bump on her head, he could get on with his quest for the gold in her creek bed.

"May I come in?" Hank asked, thinking Ashton Monroe looked like a pretty-faced lunatic. The strange, feral gleam in the man's eye made Hank want to turn around and run out the door. Knowing Aundy was most likely somewhere in this monstrosity of a house, Hank swallowed back his fear and did his best to convince Ashton he was Pastor Whitting's nephew.

"Certainly," Ashton said, ushering Hank into a large gathering room overlooking the front yard. "I asked your uncle to come because today is going to be my wedding day and I wanted him to do the honors."

"Wedding, you say?" Hank asked, perplexed. If Ashton was getting married, then he probably wasn't plotting evil. "Surely you want to wait for my uncle, then. He should be available tomorrow."

"No, that won't be necessary. It must take place today. Right now," Ashton said, taking Hank by the arm and pushing him down into an overstuffed chair. "The bride is somewhat reluctant. Young and scared of her matrimonial duties, I suppose. I'm afraid if I wait any longer, she won't be cooperative at all. You know how women can be."

"Yes, I do," Hank said, grinning broadly and nodding his head while wanting to black both of Ashton's deranged-looking eyes. "I'll just wait here, then, while you bring down the bride."

"Perfect," Ashton said, walking to the door. "I have a house servant who will stand as witness. I'll fetch her as soon as my bride is ready."

Hank nodded his head, feeling a trickle of sweat slide down his neck as Ashton closed the door. Getting to his feet, he walked to the window and looked outside. A slight movement from the tree line reminded him there were four men outside ready to rush in at his signal, although he sincerely hoped the pastor stayed back as Kade advised.

Ashton Monroe seemed completely unbalanced and dangerous. Hank had once watched a cat play with a mouse before devouring it. The cat swatted at the mouse, let it loose like it was free, and then caught it again and again before finally killing it.

He thought Ashton did an admirable job at being the cat.

Hearing loud thumping, Hank stuffed the pastor's Bible in his coat pocket and opened the door to see Ashton, his face distorted with fury, tearing down the stairs.

"What's the matter?" Hank asked, wondering what had happened.

"My bride seems to be playing games with me," Ashton said, quickly putting on his pleasant lord of the manor face. "It may take a moment or two for me to find her."

"What's your bride's name?" Hank asked.

Ashton glared at him.

"I can help look for her if you tell me what name to call out," Hank offered with an indifferent shrug.

"Aundy. Aundy Erickson," Ashton said then ran down the hall toward the back of the house.

Glancing upstairs, Hank caught a glimpse of movement out of the corner of his eye and saw Aundy peaking over the stair railing from the landing.

Stepping into the foyer, he motioned for her to hurry and she ran down the stairs without making a sound.

"Get outside and run for the trees, Garrett and Kade are there," Hank whispered, opening the door and giving Aundy a push. "I'll try to keep him distracted."

Picking up her skirts, Aundy ran down the steps and started across the yard when she heard Ashton scream her name from inside the house. Pouring on more speed, she looked ahead to see Garrett leap over a row of shrubbery, sprinting her direction.

Watching Aundy run toward Garrett, Hank turned to see Ashton racing down the hall, a rifle in his hand.

"Oh, did I see her run down the hall?" Hank asked, hurrying toward Ashton, intentionally stumbling into him, dragging them both to the floor.

"You, fool, get out of the way," Ashton yelled, giving Hank a shove and rising to his feet. Hank yanked the rifle from his hands as he ran out the door, so Ashton pulled a revolver from a holster on his hip and aimed it at Aundy's retreating back. "Stop or I'll kill you right now."

Aundy continued running. She was almost to Garrett when the pop of the gun let her know Ashton had fired the weapon. Garrett grabbed his arm and dropped to his knees with the impact of the bullet.

Sinking down beside him, Aundy looked back at Ashton in fear. Running toward them in a weaving pattern, he would soon be at her side. She knew there were others hidden behind the shrubs, but what she didn't know is what Ashton would do if someone else threatened him.

"I give up, Ashton. I'll marry you," Aundy said, lurching to her feet, placing herself between Ashton and Garrett.

"Aundy, no," Garrett said, clenching his jaw as he regained his feet. "Don't do it."

"Be quiet or I'll put a bullet in your head," Ashton said, sneering at Garrett. "I win again. First I'll marry this troublesome piece of baggage then figure out a way to get Nash's Folly as well."

"Never. You won't get your filthy hands on our land and you certainly aren't putting them on Aundy." Garrett took a threatening step toward Ashton, whipping his gun from the holster on his hip. Ashton grabbed Aundy and pulled her back to his chest, using her for a shield with one arm wrapped around her neck before Garrett could shoot.

Cocking his gun, Ashton held it to Aundy's head.

"One more step and she's dead. I'll kill her, Garrett," Ashton said in a strangely even tone. "I swear I will."

"What do you want, Ashton? What's this about?" Garrett asked, holding his gun in front of him with one hand. The other dangled uselessly at his side as blood from the gunshot wound dripped along his fingers, pooling on the grass of Ashton's neatly trimmed lawn.

"Property. I want hers," Ashton said, speaking as though they were sitting in a drawing room drinking tea. "I wanted it ever since I moved here and Erik refused to sell it to me. Yours was my first choice, but your father made it clear he wasn't willing to sell."

"What's wrong with the place you've got here?" Garrett asked, watching Aundy slowly move her hand beneath her apron. Trying to keep Ashton distracted, he hoped he wasn't mistaken about what she was planning.

"Let's just say it's missing something," Ashton said, glaring contemptuously at Garrett. "You've got something extremely valuable right under your nose but are too stupid to realize it."

"I'm not the only one with that affliction," Garrett mumbled, realizing the treasure Aundy had become to him. He couldn't lose her. He wouldn't lose her, especially not to Ashton Monroe.

Aundy wanted to tell Garrett about Ashton thinking there was gold in the creek, but if she spoke up, it would draw Ashton's attention to her and that was something she couldn't do. Leaving her hand beneath her apron, she looked at Garrett and winked at him, hoping he understood her signal.

"What is it, exactly, you think we've got over there that you don't have here?" Garrett asked, waiting for Aundy to make her move. Hank was creeping up behind Ashton and Kade and the other men were just waiting for a sign to step in.

"Gold, you illiterate cowpuncher," Ashton spat out. "You've got a creek full of gold and aren't even smart enough to know it."

"Is that all?" Garrett asked, staring at Ashton with a scornful expression on his face. "You did all this because of those yellow rocks in the creek?"

"And they're going to be all mine," Ashton said, pointing his revolver at Garrett. "Can't have you carrying any tales, now, can we? That so-called preacher is going to marry us then I'll arrange it to look like Aundy's jealous beau came to stop the wedding too late, killing her before shooting himself. You just saved me the trouble of having to break her neck and shove her down the stairs later."

"You're despicable," Garrett said, taking a step toward Ashton. "Go ahead. Shoot me if you're going to and be done with it."

"Fine, I will," Ashton said, placing his finger on the trigger.

"No!" Aundy screamed, startling Ashton as she jerked away from him and fired her gun.

Hank hit Ashton from behind, knocking him to the ground as Kade, Fred, and Pastor Whitting hurried into the yard.

"My leg," Ashton screamed, holding his thigh. Aundy's bullet found its mark. She wasn't sure how much damage her little revolver could inflict, but from the look on Ashton's face, she must have been close enough to make the shot really count.

"Stop your whining," Kade said, handcuffing Ashton before Hank got off his back.

"Are you okay?" Aundy asked, gently touching Garrett's arm, the small revolver still held in her hand.

"Yes. Ashton's a terrible shot. I might be bleeding like a stuck pig, but it's just a little scratch," Garrett said, pulling Aundy against him with his good arm. "Will you forgive me for the other day?"

"Only if you'll forgive me," Aundy said, tears pooling in her sky blue eyes. "I love you, Garrett Nash."

"I love you, too, Aundy," Garrett said, giving her a quick kiss considering all the pairs of eyes watching them. "But don't you ever scare me like that again. I thought for sure he was going to kill you."

"I thought that a time or two myself, especially when he kept repeating it," Aundy said, feeling her knees tremble now that she was safe. Staring at Ashton, who was now standing between Kade and Fred, Aundy shook her head. "If there's a trial, I'd be more than happy to testify against him."

"I'm glad to hear that, Aundy. It most likely won't be necessary," Kade said, tipping his head to her. "He will, of course, pay the medical expenses for everyone as well as replace any lost sheep and damaged property."

"I'll do no such thing," Ashton spluttered before Fred popped him in the mouth, cutting his lip.

"Next word out of you and I'll break that pretty little nose of yours," Fred warned, effectively silencing Ashton. "Although where you're going, there won't be any ladies to notice."

"Deputy Rawlings, I think you should know a few things," Aundy said, pointing to Ashton. "He said he tried to kill J.B. and that's why he had the accident. He also admitted to spooking Erik's horses the day the wagon flipped over."

At this news, Garrett wanted nothing more than to beat Ashton to a pulp, but with Aundy leaning against him, he squelched his primal desire and instead glared at the man.

"You didn't write the notes or kill the sheep. Who did your dirty work for you?" Garrett asked, as Kade tightened the handcuffs around Ashton's wrists. When Ashton failed to answer Garrett's question, Kade thumped the butt of his gun against his wounded leg, making him gasp in pain.

"Some drifter wanted to earn a few dollars and was more than happy to terrorize a 'stupid woman' as he liked to call the fair Mrs. Erickson," Ashton said with a sneer. Fred popped him in the mouth again and Ashton spat out blood along with one of his perfectly white teeth. "He got greedy and stupid, shooting the boy. I had to take care of him after that. Sloppy work, it was. I can't tolerate it. You'll be hard-pressed to find any evidence of him. I keep things neat and orderly."

Convinced Ashton had completely lost his mind, Garrett changed the subject. "Why do you think there's gold in the creek?"

"I met an old miner before I moved here who talked about striking gold north of Pendleton. He showed me some of the nuggets he found and drew a crude map before he met a most unfortunate demise. His landmarks drew me to the creek that runs through the Erickson farm and Nash's Folly."

Garrett let out a derisive laugh and shook his head. "Just so you know, Ashton, that gold you were willing to murder for isn't real. Ever hear of pyrite?"

Ashton hung his head as Kade led him down the drive to the waiting horses.

"What's pyrite?" Aundy asked, watching the men mount the horses. Kade threw Ashton across the back of his horse on his belly then tied him on. It would be a rough ride to town, especially with the gunshot wound to his thigh.

"Fool's gold. Looks like the real thing, but isn't," Garrett said, thinking that description suited Ashton particularly well.

"That seems quite fitting," Aundy said, shaking her head.

"That it does."

"Do you suppose we'll ever know what devious enterprises and activities Ashton's involved with?"

"Probably not. We're most likely better off not knowing. I'm just glad this is over and you're safe," Garrett said, walking with an arm around Aundy's shoulders toward his horse. "I think I'd better see you home, Mrs. Erickson."

"I think that's a very good idea," Aundy said, stretching up to kiss Garrett's cheek. "I'm anxious to get back to Nik. I'm really worried about him."

"I am, too, but I have a good feeling he's going to be just fine," Garrett said, mounting Jester and holding out a hand to help Aundy swing up behind him. "We've got a lot to discuss."

"We do?"

"Yep. We sure do, like what you'd think of sending Nik to school this fall and hiring someone else to watch the sheep. And of course, we need to talk about how soon you'll marry me and where you want the wedding and who all you plan to invite," Garrett said, turning to grin at Aundy who sat staring at him, dumbfounded. "You will marry me, won't you?"

"Yes," Aundy whispered, wrapping her arms more tightly around Garrett's waist and squeezing. "Oh, yes, Garrett."

Chapter Nineteen

"Ready, honey?" Nora asked as she poked her head in the door and smiled at Aundy.

"More than ready," Aundy said, giving one last glance in the mirror before lifting her veil to cover her face.

Venturing out of the bedroom, Aundy grinned at her soon-to-be mother by marriage and strolled to the front door of Nora's house.

Dent stood waiting to walk the bride down the aisle and gave Aundy an approving nod as she approached him.

"Don't you look beautiful, Missy," Dent said, kissing her cheek through the thin material of the veil.

"Thank you, Dent," Aundy said, taking in his suit and tie. "You clean up well."

Dent laughed and glanced down at his "fancy duds," looking uncomfortable in them as he escorted Aundy outside. "Maybe, but I'll be glad enough when this shindig is over to get back into my regular clothes. I can't believe you invited that old goat Tooley to your wedding. I also can't believe he came and actually looks and smells like he took a bath."

Aundy grinned, glad the man had accepted her invitation. She thought part of Marvin Tooley's problem was that he had no one to care about him. She'd taken him muffins one morning and invited him to their wedding. He grumbled at her, but not nearly as loudly as he had in the past.

"Everyone deserves to have a friend," Aundy said. "Even that old goat."

"If you say so," Dent said, with a chuckle. "At least he won't make the flowers wilt with his stench."

Since it was late spring and Nora's yard was full of beautiful flowers bursting with vibrant blooms, Aundy and Garrett decided to get married at Nash's Folly. Although they both would have preferred a small ceremony, as Aundy peeked around the corner of the house, it looked like half of Umatilla County was there to watch them exchange vows.

The only dark spot in Aundy's day was the fact that her sister had not been able to come. Sending Ilsa a telegram as soon as she and Garrett set a date for the wedding, Aundy was thoroughly disappointed when Ilsa sent one back saying their aunt wouldn't let her leave just yet.

Knowing there was nothing she could do beyond going to Chicago and stealing her sister away, Aundy resigned herself to not having any of her family at the wedding.

At least she was wearing her mother's wedding gown. Brushing her hand along the beautiful silk of the skirt, Aundy hoped to one day have a daughter who would want to wear the gown at her own wedding. Although she and Ilsa had altered it to make the style more current and fit her tall figure, the gown was exquisite.

Carrying a bouquet of forget-me-nots, Aundy placed her hand on Dent's arm and nodded to him that she was ready.

Walking around the corner of the house and down the aisle between the makeshift rows of benches, Aundy only had eyes for the tall, handsome man with the teasing smile waiting for her next to Pastor Whitting. Garrett looked quite dashing in a new gray suit that highlighted the silver of his eyes.

Still in awe of the fact that Garrett loved her completely and unconditionally, Aundy felt overwhelmed with blessings. Knowing her need to be free and independent, she looked forward to building a future with the gentle, caring man who would give her the space she required to learn and grow while surrounding her with his love and security.

Gazing at him with all the love she felt in her heart, her knees began to wobble so she tightened her grip on Dent's arm.

Asking Nora and J.B. to stand up with them, Aundy smiled at the couple then winked at Nik where he sat in the front row with her men. The boy made a near miraculous recovery from his wound. Doc said it was because he was young, strong and stubborn. Aundy thought it was because God had been watching closely over one very special shepherd boy.

Trying not to laugh as she glanced down, Aundy shouldn't have been surprised to see Nik brought along Butter. The lamb wore a blue bow around his neck and rested contentedly at the boy's feet. Two Border Collie puppies snuggled against the lamb, sleeping in the afternoon sunshine.

As soon as Nik was able to get out of bed, Garrett arrived with two puppies giving one to Aundy and the other to the boy. Nik took his responsibilities of training the puppies to grow up to be good sheep herders very seriously. For now, though, the puppies, like the lamb, were well-loved pets.

Garrett winked at Aundy as he took her hand, trying to convince himself he wasn't dreaming. Aundy looked lovely as she floated down the aisle in some fashionable white confection. He wondered when she'd had time to make the gown. Maybe it was something she'd brought along with her in one of her trunks crammed full of clothes.

Wherever it came from, the style accented her curves and made heat climb up his neck at the thought of helping her remove that dress later, back at their home.

Breathing in her rosy scent, he liked the idea of having a home and a future with the lovely, lively, strong-willed girl. Garrett patted her hand where it rested lightly on his arm, excited to begin their forever together.

The pastor smiled at them both as he began the ceremony. Although Aundy had gone through the experience once before with Erik, she realized how different, how much more meaningful and blessed it was when the one you were marrying already held your heart.

Staring at Garrett through the lace of her veil, Aundy drank in the sight and smell of him. From the top of his dark hair to the tips of his polished boots, he was the embodiment of every single dream she'd ever had for a husband.

Reciting their vows, Aundy held out her hand as Garrett slid the ring on her finger through the slit in her glove then she slid a gold band onto his.

When Pastor Whitting announced Garrett could kiss his bride, he folded back her veil then locked his silvery gaze to hers. It was hard for him to believe that just a few short weeks ago, he thought he'd lost Aundy forever, and now she was his bride. His beloved, cherished bride.

Lowering his lips to hers, he kissed her more thoroughly than many would have deemed proper, making Aundy blush furiously and his mother smack his arm.

Grinning broadly, he wrapped his hand around Aundy's waist as they turned to face those gathered to help them celebrate their nuptials. Leaning close to her ear, his breath on her neck stirred tendrils of her hair, making her shiver in anticipation of what was to come. "You ought to know, Mrs. Nash, that I'm just getting started with those kisses."

Shooting him a smile over her shoulder, the look in her eyes made Garrett's blood heat as it zinged through his veins. "I'm counting on it."

###

White Cake

Here is a simple sheet cake recipe that Aundy would have used to make a basic cake. She may have covered it in frosting, served it with freshly whipped cream or topped it with fruit.

White Cake

3 eggs

2 cups sugar

3/4 cup butter

3 cups flour

1 cup milk

3 teaspoons baking powder

1 teaspoon salt

1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Grease a 9 x 13 baking pan and set aside.

Beat eggs until pale yellow and light. Cream butter and sugar; beat in eggs and milk. Sift together flour, salt, and baking powder. Add to egg mixture and beat until well blended. Add vanilla and mix well.

Pour in the baking pan and bake until light brown on top and springy in the middle, about 35 minutes.

Remove from oven and let cool before serving.

Butter Cookies

These cookies are simple and easy to make (especially with all our wonderful, modern conveniences). You can roll and slice them or drop them. The secret is to chill the dough so they hold their shape when they bake.

Butter Cookies

2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour

1 teaspoon baking powder

1 cup softened butter

1 cup sugar

1 teaspoon vanilla extract

2 eggs

In a small bowl, mix the flour and the baking powder, set aside.

Beat the sugar and softened butter separately in a large bowl until the mixture is pale and fluffy. Add in vanilla and eggs, one at a time. Add the flour and baking powder mixture until the entire mixture is evenly blended. Chill until firm.

Preheat your oven to 375 degrees. Grease the baking sheets lightly (or line with parchment). Keep your cookies about one-inch apart on the baking sheet. Bake for about 8 minutes or until cookies just start to turn brown. Remove from oven and cool on racks.

Books by Shanna Hatfield

FICTION

HISTORICAL

The Christmas Bargain

Pendleton Petticoats Series

Aundy

Caterina

CONTEMPORARY

The Coffee Girl

Learnin' the Ropes

QR Code Killer

Grass Valley Cowboys Series

The Cowboy's Christmas Plan

The Cowboy's Spring Romance

The Cowboy's Summer Love

The Cowboy's Autumn Fall

The Cowboy's New Heart

The Women of Tenacity Series

The Women of Tenacity - A Prelude

Heart of Clay

Country Boy vs. City Girl

Not His Type

NON-FICTION

Savvy Entertaining Series

Savvy Holiday Entertaining

Savvy Spring Entertaining

Savvy Summer Entertaining

Savvy Autumn Entertaining

Available Now!

Caterina - On the run from the Italian mafia in New York City, feisty Caterina Campanelli travels across the country to the small town of Pendleton, Oregon, trying to hide her past while she decides what to do about her uncertain future. Seeking comfort in her cooking, she battles her attraction to one of the town's most handsome men.

Kade Rawlings is dedicated to his work as a deputy in Pendleton. Determined to remain single and unfettered, he can't seem to stay away from the Italian spitfire who rolls into town keeping secrets and making the best food he's ever eaten. Using his charm, wit, and brawn to win her trust, he may just get more than he bargained for.

Turn the page for an exciting excerpt from Caterina...

Chapter One

1899 - New York City

"Mamma, stop fussing. I'll be fine."

Caterina Campanelli forced a smile as she stuffed the last of her dresses in a trunk and attempted to slam the lid. Flinging herself on top of the bulging chest, she bounced a few times trying to hold the lid shut while her mother quickly fastened the latches and hooked the buckles over the leather straps.

Muttering a string of complaints in Italian, Angelina Campanelli shook her head in fear and frustration as she looked around her daughter's bedroom. Everything the girl decided she couldn't live without was hastily stuffed into trunks or bags and even now, she could hear Caterina's five brothers loudly making their way up the stairs to carry the trunks outside to the waiting wagon.

"La mia bambina," Angelina said, trying to hold back the tears stinging her eyes. "My poor baby girl. Isn't there another way?"

"No, Mamma," Caterina said, refusing to cry as her mother held her close. Letting her mother's soft scent fill her nose, she wanted to memorize every detail about the woman in case she never saw her again.

The fragrance of lemon verbena and the scent of cinnamon would forever make her think of her mother. Rubbing her fingers along Angelina's cheek, she drew back with a brave smile, casting to memory the feel of velvety skin.

She never wanted to forget the look of complete love and acceptance in her mother's deep brown eyes. The youngest of six children, Caterina knew her mother spoiled and pampered her not only because she was the baby, but also because she was the only girl.

"I'll miss you, Mamma, so very much, but I'll be fine," Caterina said, stepping back from Angelina and giving the room one last glance. Assured she packed everything she might need, she threw her arm around her mother's slight shoulders and led her to the door.

Watching the morning's first rays of sunlight filter through the lace-covered window, she inhaled the scent of roses from the sachets she'd made and stashed in her dresser drawers. Picking up her traveling bag, she gathered her purse and gloves, draped a shawl over her arm and said goodbye to the lovely room that had been hers since she was old enough to sleep in a bed instead of a cradle.

Without the time or energy to expend on thinking how painfully she would miss this house and her family, she strengthened her resolve to face her uncertain future bravely.

Hearing the clumping steps of men in the hall, Caterina pinned a smile in place and turned to look at her brothers as they entered the room.

"Mamma, must she take every single thing she owns?" Antonio grumbled as he hefted a trunk to his broad shoulder. "Can't the little wench make do with a bag or two?"

Angelina smacked at her son's arm, shaking her head as she hid her smile. "No, Tony, she cannot. You boys haul whatever she wants down to the wagon and be quick about it. If she decides to take the piano, then be ready to pack it, too."

"Mamma!" Brando and Bruno, the twins of the family, protested while Alonzo and Carlo grinned. They each took a trunk or a bag and made a final trip down the stairs while Angelina waved them on.

As jovial as the boys seemed, Caterina knew it would be easy to forget the danger that awaited them all if things didn't go according to her father's hastily made plans.

"I'm so worried about you," Angelina said, clinging to her daughter again, holding her so tightly Caterina thought her ribs might crack.

"Please, Mamma, don't make this harder," Caterina said, feeling her throat tighten with emotion. "You know I must do this. I must go and never come back."

"I know, bambina, but you are taking a part of my heart with you," Angelina said, swiping at tears she couldn't contain as they rolled down her cheeks. "I love you, sweet Caterina."

Caterina shook her head. "Mamma, I've never been sweet. Sassy, spunky, most often in trouble, but not sweet."

Angelina smiled and kissed her daughter's cheek. "You've always been sweet to me. Sweet and beloved."

"Mamma," Caterina said, feeling tears prick her eyes.

She blinked twice while her mother gave her a gentle nudge down the hall. "Hurry along to the kitchen. I'll be right there."

The Campanelli family owned a grocery store catering to the Italian community by stocking their shelves with products hard to find in America. Caterina lived above the store with her parents and two of her brothers, Tony and Alonzo. Carlo, Brando, and Bruno were all married and lived in their own homes nearby.

Entering the large, sunny kitchen, a long table was set for eleven and her three sisters-in-law were busy preparing breakfast. Swallowing back her tears, Caterina knew she would sorely miss being part of her loud, boisterous, loving family.

"Oh, Rina." Brando's wife, Natalia, reached out to pull her into a hug. The women soon surrounded Caterina as they hugged and cried and told her how much they'd miss her.

"I'll miss you all so much, but we must stop," Caterina said, grabbing a dishtowel to mop at her tears.

"But, Rina, what will we do without you around to keep things lively?" Bruno's wife, Elena, asked as she rubbed her protruding belly. The baby was due in another month and Caterina refused to think about not being there to see her first niece or nephew.

Unable to speak around the lump in her throat, Carlo's wife, Anna, squeezed her hand and offered an encouraging nod.

Caterina and Anna had been best friends for years, ever since the girl's family moved in across the street and opened a dry goods store. Although Anna's family came from England, they fit in well in the tight-knit community, or as tight as a community can be when it sat just beyond the edges of a slum where the mafia ruled.

Thanks to Anna and her family, Caterina had a glimmer of hope to escape the trouble the mafia would bring to the Campanelli's door if she spent one more day in New York.

Taking a deep breath, Caterina inhaled the scent of spices that filled the kitchen with a mouth-watering aroma. She would never be able to separate the smell from home and family. In her mind, the two were inexplicably intertwined.

Convinced Caterina wouldn't be able to find much of the specialty food carried in their store, Angelina carefully packed a trunk with supplies. It was her way of sending a taste of home with her daughter to savor when she was far, far away from those who loved her most.

Their family's ability to create such wonderful tastes of Italy, combined with Caterina's temper, got them into this mess in the first place.

Wishing she could go back and do things differently, Caterina realized that line of thinking wasn't going to help her now.

Looking up as her mother hurried into the kitchen, she noticed something clutched tightly in the woman's hand.

"You must take this, Caterina," Angelina said as she fastened a pietra dura pendant around her daughter's neck. "Take care of it for me."

"But, Mamma, this belonged to your grandmother. I can't take it," Caterina said, holding the cool metal in her hand as she looked at the large piece of jewelry. The mosaic, cut from hardstones, featured a pink rose and leaves on a black background. Caterina always thought the piece was lovely, even if it seemed a little heavy.

Closing her fingers around Caterina's, Angelina shook her head. "And now I pass it on to you. Someday you will have a wild, headstrong daughter who means the world to you and you will give it into her keeping."

"Oh, Mamma," Caterina cried, throwing her arms around her mother, convinced she'd never again embrace the woman in her lifetime. "I love you so much."

"I love you, too, bambina," Angelina said, frowning at her husband as he walked in the room. Hunched shoulders gave away his feelings every bit as much as the tension riding every angle and plane of his face. "Franco, isn't there any other way?"

"No. It must be done. Soon, before we raise any suspicion," Caterina's father gave her a long, sad look before he washed his hands and stood at the table. When Caterina's brothers came in, they all took seats and shared the morning meal together as a family.

While Natalia and Elena did the dishes, Angelina took Anna to her room to help her change her appearance. She was going to pretend to be Caterina, since she was close to the same height and shape. Although her dark hair didn't hold the same midnight luster as Caterina's, beneath a broad-brimmed hat, no one would notice.

Franco took his sons to his office and they returned grim-faced and quiet. Tony stood with a revolver tucked into a holster. Although he was the closest in age to Caterina and her favorite brother, he was also the biggest and strongest of the Campanelli men. There was no question of his ability to protect his sister, perhaps better than anyone.

At Caterina's frightened look, Franco drew her to his chest. "Our beautiful bambina, if there was any way to keep you here and safe, I would not do this thing. We must get you out of town this morning and I'll do whatever it takes to make that happen."

Caterina hugged him tightly as memories of all the wonderful times she'd spent with him flooded through her mind. "I'll miss you, Papa. So, so much."

"I know, Caterina. I know," Franco said, rubbing his daughter's back briefly before stepping away, floundering in his own emotions.

Why did he not see this trouble brewing and do something about it years ago? He trusted Angelina's brother and look where that trust had gotten him. He was losing his daughter today and who knew what else would happen when Luigi Saverino found out his plans to have Caterina for his own were never going to materialize. The man was involved with the Italian mafia and capable of things Franco didn't want to consider.

"We must hurry, bambina," Franco said, handing a light coat to Tony to wear to hide the gun. Owning the grocery store, along with an ice delivery business, the family had wagons that could get Caterina safely away from the city and out of the clutches of Luigi.

Stuffing the pendant inside her dress, Caterina looked at the empty trunk waiting by the kitchen door and sighed. She hated being in close spaces. It made her skin crawl and her breath stop in her throat, but her father assured her there was nothing else to be done if his plan was going to work.

Wearing a dress and hat of Caterina's, Anna returned to the room, looking frightened and uncertain. Caterina took her sister-in-law's hand and kissed the girl's cheek. "Thank you for helping me."

"Anything, Rina," Anna said, wiping at her own tears. "Anything to help."

Stepping back, Caterina smiled at her friend, grateful for Anna and her connections. Deciding she would be safer out of the country, Anna convinced the family to send Caterina to her grandparents in England. They would be more than happy to take her in and help her begin a new life. All they had to do was get Caterina to the docks and on a boat.

Under the guise of going to Philadelphia, the plan was for everyone to think Angelina and Caterina were going to stay with an ailing aunt for a week. After dropping Anna and Angelina at the train station, Tony would pretend he was making a delivery to the docks and get Caterina on a boat as quickly as possible.

If any of Luigi's thugs were watching them, Angelina and Anna would purchase tickets and board the train with bags they packed just in case they needed them.

Angelina's sister Teresa really did live in Philadelphia, although as hearty and hale as she was, she would not only take the two women in, but also keep them safe if necessary.

"I'm sorry, Papa," Caterina said, overwhelmed with remorse and regret for letting her temper get away from her. Her irritability had caused any number of troubles over the years but nothing to equal what she'd done the previous evening.

"Hush, Rina," Franco said, knowing if Caterina hadn't angered Luigi yesterday, it would have happened another day. The man was unstable and had long ago decided Caterina would belong to him.

Glancing down at his gutsy daughter, Franco couldn't help but smile. Not everyone would dump a bowl of hot soup in Luigi's lap, smack him upside the head, and live to see another day.

Caterina loved to cook, loved the magic of making delicious food, so she begged and pleaded to go to work at her uncle's restaurant.

Franco's brother-in-law, Lazzaro, arrived in America ten years before Franco and Angelina came as newlyweds, looking to build a good life for themselves and the family they hoped to have.

Lazzaro hired them to work in the restaurant he'd already established beyond the slums of New York at the fringes of a middle class neighborhood, paying them both excellent wages. It didn't take long for the couple to decide to open a store and by then they started their own family with the arrival of Bruno and Brando. Since Laz's restaurant was just down the street, Franco and Angelina's children grew up in both businesses, helping wherever needed.

Except Caterina. Knowing some of the customers at Laz's restaurant were of questionable character, Angelina refused to have her daughter exposed to the mafia men.

When the girl was fifteen, she began sneaking over to her uncle's place where he taught her how to turn the secret family recipes into meals for his restaurant. Eventually, her parents gave in and Caterina worked for her uncle full-time, becoming the head cook at his restaurant.

Just seventeen when Luigi took note of the raven-haired beauty, from that day on he watched her and waited for the time to be right to claim her as his own.

Five years later, he was tired of waiting. When she humiliated him, he threatened to desecrate her virtue that very night if she put him off any longer.

In an effort to keep her alive and unharmed, Lazzaro promised the raging man his obstinate niece would agree to marry him soon. He arranged for both families to meet the following evening at his restaurant to discuss the details and make formal declarations.

Franco had an urgent need to get his precious daughter out of town before Luigi had any idea he was about to be left without a bride.

Receiving numerous requests during the last several years from potential suitors to wed Caterina, he'd refused them all.

Marrying his sweetheart when he was barely more than a boy, Franco wanted all his children to wed for love. It was up to Caterina to decide when she was ready and whom she'd marry. At twenty-two, she'd yet to find someone who turned her head, let alone softened her heart or sharp tongue.

"You'll be fine, bambina, but hurry," her father said, helping her climb in the trunk. "Tony made sure there are holes in the sides so you'll have plenty of air. Be safe, my beautiful daughter."

Catching a glimpse of her mother's tears, Caterina closed her eyes as her father hooked one latch to keep the lid of the trunk closed.

Trying not to panic in the enclosed space, Caterina felt the trunk hefted and knew it was Tony and Alonzo grunting as they lifted the trunk, carrying it to the wagon. Setting it down, she heard the scrape as they slid the trunk onto the bed of the wagon.

"Mamma, we'll miss you while you're gone. I hope Aunt Teresa appreciates the hardship we'll endure without you and Caterina here," Carlo said loudly, helping his mother and Anna into the wagon beside Tony. He wanted, quite badly, to kiss his wife goodbye, but if they were under scrutiny from Luigi's men, that would surely give away their scheme.

Convinced Luigi had someone keeping an eye on them, a careful look around didn't reveal anyone. Having watched what went on when the mafia was involved, though, they all knew looks could be deceiving.

"Tell your sister hello for me, Angel," Franco called, using his pet name for his wife as he offered a jaunty wave to the departing group. "I'll have Laz tell Luigi to expect you back in a week or two, Rina."

Anna turned and waved at Franco, careful to keep her head down and her face shadowed.

Franco winked and strolled into his store, like it was a normal workday. It was vital they all acted as if nothing out of the ordinary was happening. That's why they were entrusting Tony to get Caterina safely on a departing ship.

Pulling out on the quiet street before the bustle of the day began, Tony chatted with Anna and his mother, attempting to act as normally as he could. Trying not to look nervous, he occasionally glanced behind him to where several trunks and bags sat in the back of the wagon. Hitting a hole in the road, the trunks bumped together and he thought he heard a gasp from Caterina. Praying she was fine, he didn't slow the horses, but kept on toward the train station.

He hoped Luigi's men believed Anna was Caterina. If they didn't, he had no chance of getting his sister to the docks.

None at all.

Glancing over his shoulder, he recognized one of Luigi's thugs on a horse riding a block behind him, trying to stay out of the line of sight.

"We've got company, but don't turn around," Tony said as he urged the horses to move faster through the streets.

"So soon?" Angelina asked, tightening her grip on the seat of the wagon. How were they going to get her baby safely out of town if Luigi's gang was already following them? She and Anna would really have to go to Philadelphia, if they could make it on the train. Good thing they'd each packed a bag, just in case, and Franco had given her plenty of money for tickets and food.

Traveling a few more blocks, Tony glanced behind him to see two of the police officers Luigi kept in his back pocket following the wagon.

Deciding not to alert the women to the trouble dogging each turn of the wagon wheels, he kept focused on the gathering traffic and considered his options. He could make a run for it and try to get to the docks, but since Luigi's men were mounted and he was in a lumbering wagon, there was no way he could outrun them. He could grab Caterina and they could take off on foot, leaving Angelina and Anna to take the wagon on alone. Trying to decide the best course of action, he chose to stick with the original plan. If necessary, he could improvise.

Urging the team forward through the growing morning traffic, Tony guided them expertly through the streets, glad his father invested in a strong, sturdy pair of horses.

He could see the train station looming ahead when the two police officers rode next to the wagon.

"Tony! Where are you taking these lovely ladies?" one of the officers asked. Tony played with Fabian and Enzo as young boys, but somewhere along the way, they ended up on the wrong side of the law despite the badges they wore.

From what he could see, their entire purpose for being on the police force was to do Luigi's bidding, not uphold law and order. He wondered how they could get up each morning with a smile on their faces knowing they went against everything an officer of the law should represent.

Anna kept her head bent toward Angelina's, effectively hiding her face while Tony turned a solemn gaze to Enzo. "Aunt Teresa is terribly ill. Mamma and Rina are going to take care of her for a while."

"I thought Caterina had other obligations this evening," Fabian said, obviously aware of Luigi's plans to force her to wed immediately.

"Oh, that," Tony said, shrugging his shoulders. "Luigi understood when he heard about how sick our beloved aunt has been. He and Caterina will resume their obligations when she gets back."

"Is that right?" Enzo asked, glancing skeptically from Tony to Anna. "Is that correct, Caterina?"

Anna nodded her head without facing the officers. Using a handkerchief to cover her face, pretending to dab at tears, Anna spoke quietly. "It's true."

"Oh," Enzo said, glancing at Fabian and shrugging his shoulders.

Pulling up at the train station, Tony parked the wagon and got out to assist Angelina and Anna down. Much to his dismay, the two officers dismounted and walked around the wagon.

Angelina quickly pulled Anna's face toward her, hiding it from the men, putting her arm around the girl's shoulders as Tony opened the back of the wagon.

Before he could stop them, Fabio and Enzo began unloading trunks. Tony didn't know how to refuse their assistance without drawing suspicion.

"Mamma, you and Rina go get the tickets and I'll bring your bags," Tony said, lifting down a trunk.

"How long are the ladies going to be gone?" Fabio asked, watching the two women walk off to the ticket counter as he unloaded a trunk. "Looks to me like they are planning to stay a while."

"You know women, eh?" Tony said, giving Enzo a friendly jab to his side. "They pack enough for months when they'll only be gone a few days. Besides, Mamma is taking medical and food supplies to Aunt Teresa."

Enzo slid the trunk that held Caterina toward him. Tony put a firm hand on the man's shoulder and grinned. "I'm sure you've both got better things to do than help me with these trunks. I wouldn't want to keep you."

"We're happy to help. You know, any friend of Luigi's is a friend of ours," Fabio declared, snagging a nearby handcart and setting a trunk on it. "We're nearly family, after all."

Grateful the noise of the busy station was enough to drown out Caterina's huff of protest along with words that sounded like "no we're not," Tony thumped a hand on the trunk, silencing her.

Scooting Caterina's trunk to the edge of the wagon, Tony fastened the second latch and lifted it with a grunt. "I'll get you out, Rina. Stay quiet," he cautioned in a whisper as he set her trunk on the handcart.

He thought he heard her whisper "hurry" before turning to load the bags on the cart. His mother waved at him and he pushed the cart her direction.

"Got the tickets?" he asked, stepping beside her. Anna kept her head down, trying not to be obvious.

"Yes, three tickets to Philadelphia," his mother said, then wrapped her hand around his arm. "Isn't it sweet of Tony to escort us there? He's such a good boy."

Taken aback by his mother's statement, Tony tried to grasp her newly made plans for him.

"You going, too, Tony?" Fabio asked, narrowing his eyes at Tony.

"Sure am. Can't have two lovely ladies traveling unescorted," Tony said, looping his arm around Anna's shoulders with a brotherly squeeze, subtly drawing her closer behind him, away from the prying eyes of the two police officers.

"What are you going to do with the team and wagon?" Enzo asked. Tony could almost see the wheels spinning in his head, trying to figure out what the Campanelli family was hiding.

"Carlo will pick it up later when he and Alonzo are finished with the morning's deliveries," Tony said, hoping he wouldn't be struck dead for all the lies spilling forth from his mouth.

"We can take it back to the store," Fabio said, looking at Tony carefully, trying to read his face for some hint of emotion.

Tony kept a friendly smile firmly in place. Fleeced by his brothers numerous times in card games, he finally learned to keep his face impassive and unreadable. Now, he had it down to an art. "I'd hate to put you to any bother. My brothers can take care of it."

"No bother at all," Enzo said, tying his horse to the back of the wagon and climbing on the seat. "I'll make sure to let your father know you all made it safely to the station."

"Thank you so much for your assistance, boys," Angelina said, smiling and waving as the two police officers gave one last glance at their little group before pulling out on the street. Anna waved her hand, still keeping her face hidden in the shadows of her hat.

"We're all going to have to board that train and Caterina is going to have to stay in the trunk until we get to Philadelphia. Luigi has people watching us, so just act natural while I get the luggage loaded," Tony said, walking the two women to the depot door where they would wait for the train.

Hurrying back to the cart, he pushed it to where the baggage would be loaded and spoke in hushed, curt tones to his sister.

"Rina, don't panic. Stay in the trunk, and I'll get you out as soon as I can. I'm sorry," Tony said, tapping the trunk with his knuckles, trying not to grin when his sister kicked the side.

"You better be sorry, Tony," Caterina hissed through the holes in the side of the trunk. Even though she couldn't see it, she wished she could wipe the smirk off her brother's handsome face.

She loved all her brothers, but Tony was the smartest, strongest, and most fun of them all. Headstrong and stubborn, like her, they often argued and disagreed, but most frequently, they joined forces against their other siblings.

"Truly," Tony said, watching as the trunks were loaded. He bit his tongue to keep from asking the men loading the trunks to be extra careful with the one carrying Caterina because it was fragile. Priceless. The men would be trying to peep in the holes and that would bring their whole sham crashing down on them.

Instead, he stood watching until all the trunks were stowed then hurried to join his mother and Anna to board the train.

"This isn't exactly what I planned to do today," Tony said, sitting on an aisle seat across from his mother and sister-in-law.

Anna performed admirably, pretending to be Caterina. As long as no one looked too closely, the deception would work. Watching one of Luigi's men board the train, Tony sighed as he reached across the aisle and snatched a newspaper from an empty seat.

Handing it to Anna, he motioned for her to hold it up so it blocked her face from view.

"We've got company," Tony whispered to his mother, looking behind her at a familiar face. Since Luigi's thugs ate at Laz's restaurant frequently, along with Luigi's "business" associates, the Campanelli family easily recognized them.

Those men were one of the reasons they tried to keep Caterina hidden in the kitchen. She could have gotten into just as much trouble in the store, except the ruffians didn't spend as much time there.

As hardheaded, beautiful, and impulsive as Caterina could be, it was truly a wonder she hadn't found herself in a sticky situation long before now.

What she needed was a good man with a stubborn streak wider and deeper than the one she possessed to take her in hand. Tony prayed she'd meet that man someday, if they could get her away from New York and Luigi.

Caterina couldn't breathe. The air was hot and still and she was certain she would suffocate. Knowing there was nothing to do but wait to escape her confines or die, she decided she wasn't quite finished living yet. She had so much life to experience and now she was setting off on an adventure for a fresh start.

Anna spoke with great fondness of her grandparents and their home just outside London. Grateful for the manners her mother insisted she learn, Caterina hoped she remembered everything so she wouldn't offend Anna's family.

Pressing her eye to one of the small holes in the side of the trunk, Caterina could see nothing but shadowed darkness and shapes that looked like more baggage.

Wondering where she was, she felt a moment of panic that she'd have to spend the entire voyage locked in the trunk. Didn't Tony know she'd perish without food or water? He surely wouldn't expect her to stay in the trunk for days on end. She would go out of her mind.

Trying to stretch her legs that had long ago gone numb, she found it impossible to move and wanted to weep at being trapped like an animal in a cage. Refusing to give in to her fears, she sighed and rolled her neck as a jarring force began a forward motion, slamming other trunks into hers. The scrape of metal against metal ground in her ears and she sucked in a gasp as she recognized the sound of a train.

That stupid brother of hers loaded her on the train! How was she going to get to the boat? Seized with anxiety, her chest hurt and her breath came in rapid little bursts.

Afraid she might faint for the first time in her life, Caterina forced herself to calm down. Tony wouldn't abandon her. She must be in a baggage car on a train.

Trying to piece together the bits of conversation she heard Tony have with two of the idiot police officers Luigi often paid to look the other way, she was sure Tony put Anna and Mamma on the train to Philadelphia. She hoped Aunt Teresa was home, because she was about to have unexpected company.

Surprised Enzo and Fabio let Anna go, Caterina was certain Luigi would have made it known he was finally claiming her as his own. She wondered how Tony managed to talk them into letting who they thought was her board the train. They all had to know Luigi planned to force her to marry him as soon as possible.

Lulled by the warmth in the air and the rocking of the train, Caterina let herself doze. Awake most of the night, she alternated between packing and worrying about her future.

Heavy trunks slid into her, jolting her awake as the train lurched to a stop. A few minutes passed then the baggage door slid open, bringing in welcome air and light. Caterina prayed Tony would come get her soon.

Convinced her body would never unfold from its cramped position, she supposed she should be grateful she wasn't a tall girl. Even at five feet, four inches, she still felt restricted in the enclosed space.

Finally, she felt her trunk lifted and moved from the baggage car. "Heavy on one side, isn't it," a man's voice said as he dropped the trunk on a solid surface, rattling her teeth at the impact.

"Incompetent imbeciles," Caterina started to say, then slapped a hand over her mouth, knowing life and death depended on her not giving away her hiding spot by losing her temper.

"Say, gents, I've got several other trunks that are supposed to get off here, but I'd like them to stay on a bit longer. Happen to know where this train is headed?" Caterina could have wept with relief to hear Tony's friendly voice. Her Mamma always said he could charm the flowers into bloom if he set his mind to it.

The men answered back and Tony thanked them for their assistance.

He picked up her trunk and she tried not to slide around as he nearly dropped one end.

"Tony?"

"Hush, Rina. Just hang on a few more minutes," Tony whispered, barely loud enough for her to hear. "I'm doing the best I can."

Tony carried her trunk a short distance then set it somewhere cool. She wasn't sure if she was inside the depot or just in the shade. Peeping out the hole gave her a view of Tony's legs, her mother's skirt, and little else.

However, she could hear their conversation.

"Is he still watching?" Anna asked, fear making her voice tight.

"Yes. We're going to have to get Rina out of this trunk then load it in a buggy and go to Aunt Teresa's," Tony said, matter-of-factly.

Caterina could hear the tension in his voice along with frustration. He'd warned her many times her temper was going to get her into trouble. Almost as many times as he'd warned her to stay away from Luigi. It wasn't as if she sought out the horrid man. She couldn't help it if she made the best ravioli and gnocchi in the city. Even Luigi knew enough to appreciate good food when he tasted it.

"Anna, pretend you're going to the washroom and run in to buy a ticket for this train. Just one," Tony said, nudging Anna toward the ticket counter.

"Mamma, do you think you could help make a distraction so we can get Rina on board as a passenger?"

"Of course, Tony. You say the word, and I'll make it happen," Angelina said, pulling the gloves on her fingers down firmly and brushing at her skirt.

"Good. Here's what we're going to do," Tony said lowering his voice. Caterina lost the ability to hear the conversation in the dull roar of the people passing by and wondered what her brother and mother were plotting.

The latches on her trunk slowly opened, although the lid remained closed. Moving her legs as quietly as she could to stir some life back in them, she reached up to pin her hat back in place, pulled gloves on her hands and slipped the handle of her leather bag over her fingers. Grabbing her reticule tightly in her hand, she had an idea she was going to have to come out of the trunk ready to move.

She waited, tense and ready to spring into action, when she heard a woman scream, followed by a string of Italian that could only be Mamma. Smiling at the woman's comments about the sly trickster trying to steal her traveling bag, she heard the thumps of her mother pummeling someone with it.

The lid of her trunk popped open and Tony hauled her out in one quick motion. He quietly closed the lid and fastened a latch before hooking a strong arm around her waist and hustling her to the train. Anna stepped from the shadows nearby and thrust a ticket into her hand.

Afraid to draw any attention their direction, Anna squeezed her hand and disappeared back toward the building while Tony helped her onboard and settled her in a seat. Kissing her cheek, he looked at the other passengers. Deciding no one on the train was going to give his sister any trouble, he bent down and patted her shoulder.

"I wish it didn't have to be this way, Rina, but we'll see each other again someday. If you ever need me, just write home and I'll come to you," Tony said, holding his sister's hand and gazing one more time in her lively brown eyes flecked with gold, so like their mother's eyes. "Be safe and be strong. We all love you."

"I love you, too," Caterina said, biting the inside of her cheek to keep from crying. "Be careful at home, Tony. Luigi will not take this lightly."

"I know, but at least he can't force you to marry him if he can't find you."

"Tell Mamma I love her. I think she missed her calling as an actress," Caterina said, trying to lighten the moment. Before her brother left, she clutched his hand in hers one more time. "Where am I going, Tony?"

"This train will take you to Chicago. You can decide your future from there," he said with a grin, then was gone.

Taking a deep breath as she heard the call for the last of the passengers to board, Caterina was careful not to sit close to the window although everything in her wanted to press her nose to the glass and wave goodbye to three people she dearly loved.

From the corner of her eye, she saw Tony carrying the empty trunk and two leather bags through the crowd, followed by Mamma and Anna.

One of Luigi's men walked several paces behind them, not even trying to stay hidden. From his smashed hat, he must be the man Mamma beat with her bag.

Tony would go to Aunt Teresa's, get Mamma and Anna settled, then travel back to New York. The two women would return home in a few days, once Luigi had calmed down. By the time he realized Caterina was gone, it would be impossible for him to find her.

Praying for her family's safekeeping, Caterina embraced the excitement sweeping through her at the adventure waiting ahead.

Instead of sailing to London, she was heading west...

