One

"I can't lose her." Fletcher Grayson crouched beside the bay mare and stroked her sweat-dampened neck as she lay on her side in the foaling stall, her breath labored.

"We're not going to lose her." Astrid Lindberg was determined that both mare and foal would survive this night. Fletch had called her emergency line at ten P.M. It was a testimony to her lack of a social life that she'd been home on a Saturday night.

She'd rushed out to the Rocking G, driving through a summer downpour. It was what locals called a trash-mover of a rain, falling in endless sheets of water. Four hours later, the rain continued to pound the roof of the barn, and Janis still hadn't foaled.

Astrid had monitored the pregnant mare for weeks, ever since the first signs of edema. Because of the swelling, Janis's abdomen was far more distended than it would be in a normal pregnancy. The condition was worrisome, and recently Fletch had kept her confined to the barn and a small paddock to restrict her movements.

Some vets might have performed a C-section by now. Astrid preferred to see if Janis could deliver naturally, which would mean a better start for both mother and baby. Luckily Fletch agreed with her.

Fletch tended to agree with her on most things, which made her job as his vet much easier. It also made her life as a woman frustrating as hell. From her first glimpse of the broad-shouldered rancher, she'd been in trouble. Fletch Grayson was hot. And single. Fletch appealed to her way more than the commodities trader she'd been dating. But Fletch was a client, which meant he was definitely off-limits.

"I think she wants to get up." Fletch stood and backed away. Concern shone in his brown eyes. "I wish she'd just have that foal and be done with it."

"Me, too." Astrid rose and edged back as Janis lumbered to her feet. "Let's move out of the stall and give her room to pace if she needs to."

"Sure." He followed her out, and they leaned side by side against the front of the stall so they could observe the mare as she walked the perimeter of her enclosure.

Standing close together in this cozy barn watching Janis as the rain came down outside was the most natural thing in the world for them to be doing. Yet stormy nights always made Astrid long to be held, and it drove her crazy to be within touching distance of the yummy Mr. Grayson. She imagined the feel of all those muscles under his blue denim shirt and barely controlled a shiver.

He'd named his ranch the Rocking G because he had a fondness for classic rock 'n' roll. This horse honored Janis Joplin, and the stable was filled with namesakes of other famous rockers. In Astrid's opinion, Fletch was the one who rocked.

He'd hung his Stetson on a peg outside the stall. When he was nervous, he had a habit of running his fingers through his chocolate-brown hair, which only made that wavy hair sexier. No one should look this good at two in the morning. Or smell this good. Fletch's woodsy aftershave was one of the many things about him that made her pulse race.

He possessed a killer combo of square-jawed masculinity and a heart of gold. The same passionate love of animals that had propelled her into the field of veterinary medicine had caused him to sink all his savings into a horse-breeding operation. Although he was finally turning a profit, he did so only by carefully managing his budget.

They'd become so comfortable with each other during the six months she'd tended his horses that he'd shared major decisions with her, such as when he'd postponed the purchase of a new truck so he could install more efficient heating in the horse barn. She treasured those long conversations, even though they stirred up inappropriate thoughts. Would he be even better at pillow talk?

But she also treasured her professional standing in the Dallas area, so she wouldn't be sharing a pillow with gorgeous Fletch Grayson. It was hard enough for a girl to be taken seriously as a vet in Texas. And it was even harder for someone like Astrid, the daughter of a rich family-at least it would be if anyone knew how wealthy she was. Besides, she didn't know if he would welcome that idea. Sometimes she thought he was looking at her with interest, but that might be wishful thinking on her part.

"One thing's for sure," he said. "I won't breed her again. She deserves a rest."

"Yes, she does." Although he didn't know it, Astrid could offer to invest in his ranch and eliminate most of his money problems. She constantly battled the urge to do exactly that. But giving him money would change their relationship forever, and she selfishly wanted to keep that relationship as it was, even if friendship was all she'd ever have.

None of her clients realized she came from a wealthy family, and she preferred it that way. She'd learned from sad experience that being worth millions usually affected how people viewed her. She wanted to be seen as a competent professional who took her vocation seriously.

She might not need the money she earned, but she considered it validation that she was good at her job. Her parents wished she'd spend less time at work and more time at social events looking for eligible billionaires to marry. She didn't care to take the time right now. Eventually she'd want a home and kids, and she'd probably end up with a wealthy man. Her mother thought that was the only way to avoid hooking up with a fortune hunter, and there was some truth in that.

"Good, she's lying down again." Fletch went back into the stall. "Maybe this is it."

"Fingers crossed." Astrid picked up her bag and followed him.

He walked around behind the horse and glanced over at Astrid. "I hate that you have to be up so late, but I really need-"

"Don't give it another thought. I want to be here." Janis, and Fletch's concern for his favorite brood mare, had been her priority for some time. She'd reluctantly cancelled a trip to Paris with her girlfriends because Janis's condition had been unstable. Now they were down to the wire, and she couldn't imagine being anywhere but here in this stall with the mare ... and Fletch.

He hadn't owned the ranch long, only about three years, but he'd been a cowhand all his adult life, and the Rocking G was evidence of his ability to work hard toward a goal. She admired his grit more than she could say. Compared to him, she'd encountered no real obstacles in her quest to become a vet, unless she counted the expectations of her parents. They weren't pleased that she'd chosen a profession that included getting covered in blood, and occasionally horse manure.

Although their snooty attitude bothered her, she loved them deeply and couldn't deny how much they'd done for her, in spite of their disapproval of her choices. They'd paid for her extensive schooling, and her trust fund had financed her clinic. To completely ignore their wishes and advice on marriage would be ungrateful.

But sometimes she wished that she could be what Fletch assumed her to be-a self-made woman in the same way he was a self-made man. She wondered if he'd respect her as much if he knew her career had been handed to her on a silver platter. Maybe he wouldn't care. He seemed open-minded about most things. Still, she wasn't ready to test it.

For now, they had a birth to attend to. And Janis finally appeared ready to get the job done. Astrid knelt behind her and said a little prayer. This was the moment of truth. If the mare couldn't manage this on her own, Astrid was prepared to intervene, but that would require methods that would stress both mother and baby.

Fletch stroked Janis's neck as he'd done before and crooned encouraging words.

"That's good," Astrid said. "Keep talking to her." She had a sudden flash of what he'd be like in the delivery room waiting for his own child. He'd be solid as a rock, but empathetic, too.

"I'd sing her "The Rose," except my singing has been known to stampede cattle."

Astrid smiled. "I love that song." She wasn't surprised that he did, too. They connected on so many levels.

"You wouldn't after I finished singing it. You'd beg for mercy."

"Talking works just fine. I'm sure she senses your confidence in her." So did Astrid. Knowing he trusted her with an animal he loved did wonders for her self-esteem.

"I hope so. But I have to tell you, I'm sweating bullets."

"Join the club."

And then Janis groaned and heaved, and just like that, the process started. No matter how many times Astrid witnessed the birth of a foal, she was awed by the first thrust of tiny forelegs, followed by a nose, a neck, and finally, the entire baby horse, all wrapped in a glistening, semi-transparent membrane.

Eleven months of effort culminated in one glorious miracle. She and Fletch had worried about this event for weeks, but the foaling, as with most equine births, took less than twenty minutes.

"Beautiful," Astrid murmured.

"Are we good down there?"

"We're good. We're so good." Astrid's chest tightened with gratitude. "Janis has a beautiful baby."

"Thank God." Fletch's voice was thick with emotion.

Astrid glanced up and caught a moment he might not have meant her to see. He buried his face against the mare's neck and murmured something she couldn't hear. Not wanting to embarrass him, she returned her focus to the foal, which seemed perfectly formed and healthy.

Janis had been Fletch's first brood mare, and the horse had obviously won his heart with her gentle disposition. He cared about the foal, too, but his biggest concern had been for Janis. Convinced that neither mare nor foal were in distress, Astrid scooted away to let Janis attend to her baby.

Fletch also sat back on his heels as the horse maneuvered so that she could lick her newborn clean. He gazed at the foal. "It's a colt."

"Yep. The ultrasound was right. You never can know for sure with those."

A grin lit his face. "And four white socks, like his mother's."

"He'll look a lot like her."

"I'd hoped for that. And now it's official. Buddy Holly is in residence at the Rocking G."

Astrid laughed. "Yes, he certainly is. They both seem to be doing great."

"I can order the nameplate for his stall now. I was too superstitious to do it before." Fletch's glance sought hers. "Thank you."

"You're welcome. But after all, it's my job."

"I know, but you don't treat it like a job. My previous vet did, which was why I stopped using him. I've watched you work with these animals. You put your heart and soul into it."

She couldn't imagine higher praise than that. "I love my work. That makes me a lucky lady."

"And I'm lucky to have found you."

Dear God, there was something more than friendship in those warm brown eyes. She swallowed. "Fletch ..."

"I know." His jaw firmed. "You're my vet. I'm a client. I understand that could get complicated, but damn it, Astrid, does that mean we can't ..."

Her heart beat as if she were a wild creature suddenly trapped in a net. "I think it does mean that. My personal policy is not to date clients. Others might feel differently, but I don't think it's professional."

"I could fire you."

"You could." That wouldn't remove all the barriers. She'd still be a very rich woman and he would still be a financially strapped rancher. But he didn't know about that issue.

"I don't want to fire you." He got to his feet. "You're a fantastic vet, a thousand times better than the guy I had before. I can't imagine having anyone else now that I've seen how you work."

She took a deep breath and stood up, too. "I don't want you to fire me, either." She looked into his eyes, which mirrored the frustration she felt. "I love having you as a client."

"But I don't like the barriers that places between us. Couldn't we keep our personal connection on the down-low?"

"Okay, let's say we're discreet." She picked up her bag and walked out of the stall. "What if we discover somewhere down the line that we're not right for each other? What happens to our client-vet relationship then?" She put down the bag and turned to face him as he stepped into the aisle.

His stance was wide, his expression calm-the epitome of confident male. "We wouldn't discover that. You and I get along great."

"In this setting we do, but ..."

"But what?"

She pictured dragging him to some charity ball hosted by her wealthy friends, or coaxing him to attend the opening of a show by some new darling of the Dallas art community. She'd been inside Fletch's home. He liked Western artists like Remington and Shoofly. He also didn't seem like the tux-wearing type, but now wasn't the time to reveal the difference in their lifestyles.

"Are you worried that we might not get along in bed?"

Oh, boy. Her hesitation had led him to the wrong conclusion. She wasn't worried about that at all. "I-"

"Lady, we would burn up the sheets." He smiled as he took a step closer. "And you damned well know we would."

"Maybe." The nearer he came, the faster her heart beat. It seemed to keep time with the rapid tattoo of the rain on the roof.

He chuckled. "I guarantee you do. I can see it in those baby blues. I wasn't sure until this minute, when I finally got the courage to broach the subject, but we're on the same page, you and I."

"Okay, so I'm attracted to you, but acting on that attraction would be a really bad idea."

He nodded. "You could be right. But that doesn't keep me from wanting to kiss you."

Oh. She should protest, should move back, out of the magic circle he'd created with his considerable charm. But she couldn't seem to do that.

"I know you have reservations about getting involved with me." He reached for her and cupped her face in his big hands.

She closed her eyes. That touch ... so gentle, yet so sure. She'd imagined his touch for so long, and now she allowed herself to savor it.

"I respect that," he murmured. "So for now, all I ask is for one kiss, to celebrate the arrival of a new foal."

One kiss. One little kiss. Surely she could indulge herself a wee bit without compromising her principles. And they had successfully navigated Janis's problem pregnancy. They both deserved a reward for that.

"One kiss." His warm breath caressed her mouth, and his thumb brushed across her lower lip, urging her to open to him.

She didn't need much urging. Here in the privacy of his barn, shrouded by rain and darkness, she could act out a fantasy months in the making. Yes. She'd kiss Fletcher Grayson.

And if this was the only liberty she ever allowed herself with this man, she would give it all she had.

Two

When Astrid parted her lips and issued a silent invitation for Fletch to invade that sweet mouth, a hot stab of lust nearly swamped his noble intentions. He beat back the red haze short-circuiting his brain. If he came on too strong now, he could ruin his chances in the future.

The effort of holding back made him tremble, but he managed to touch down gently. He couldn't stop the groan that rumbled deep in his chest, though. His mouth fit hers with a kind of perfection he'd never known before.

As he settled in, the contact was so right that he became a little dizzy with the pleasure of it. The hitch in her breathing told him she wasn't immune, either. That ate at his control, but he wouldn't grab her and haul her into an empty stall mounded with fresh hay.

If he did that, they'd both be guilty of neglecting Janis and her foal. And he'd have broken his promise to give her one kiss, and one kiss only. He prided himself on being a man of his word.

Slowly, keeping himself in check, he began to explore her mouth with his tongue. She tasted like the coffee they'd had earlier, and the raspberry lifesavers he'd taken from his pocket to share with her. When he thrust his tongue deeper, she moaned.

That moan nearly undid him. Any woman who made that kind of sound would not object if he turned one kiss into two, or twenty. He sensed her surrender and fought not to take advantage of it. It was late. She was tired. Her defenses were down. Most important of all, Janis still needed them.

But her lips were so ripe, so ready. Before he realized what he was doing, he'd slid both hands from her cheeks to her collarbone. Unless he put those hands to work somewhere else, he'd go lower. He'd cup her br**sts, and then he'd unbutton her blouse. After that, all bets would be off.

Until he lifted his mouth, though, he was still involved in that one kiss he'd asked for. So he deepened that kiss and went to work on the clip she'd used to fasten her hair. Taking down her golden, silky hair wasn't the same as stripping away her clothes.

Or so he told himself. Yet his blood heated as his fingers encountered those soft strands and released them from the clasp. He let it drop and delved into those tresses with greedy hands. He'd wanted to release her hair and feel its softness ever since they'd met.

She'd always imprisoned it in some way, whether with a clip, a bandana, or a tie. He understood the practicality of that while she worked, but he'd longed for this-to stroke her unbound hair and let it sift through his fingers. Her hair made him think of sunbeams, and the tactile pleasure of touching it caused him to imagine caressing her bare skin and kissing those tender, moist places that would inspire more moaning.

They would be good together. He knew it with an unshakable certainty. But willing as she might be now, if she lost track of her duty to her patient, she'd hate herself and him. That was no way to begin a love affair.

With thoughts of their shared responsibility to the mare and her foal, he lifted his head and stepped back, releasing her. His breathing was unsteady, but, thank God, so was hers. He wasn't in this alone.

She opened her eyes slowly, and the heat in her gaze told him all he needed to know. Her passion matched his. Now all he had to do was convince her that surrendering to it, in a more appropriate time and place, wouldn't brand her as unprofessional.

He understood the stakes, but he was willing to risk losing an excellent vet in order to gain ... he wasn't ready to put a name to it. Not yet. He and Astrid needed more time, more intimacy, before he could think in those terms. But he saw the possibilities, and they were breathtaking.

His parents were a couple who had known the kind of devotion he yearned for in a partner. Now that he was older and could handle his grief, he could view the car accident as a blessing for them, in some ways. If either had survived alone, the pain of losing the other would have been crippling.

Astrid smiled, which was a beautiful thing to see when paired with her sparkling eyes. "That was lovely."

"Told you so."

"But you're still a client."

"And a man."

"Oh, I'm well aware of that."

"Good. The word client is so impersonal. I'd like to progress to friend."

"I already think of you that way, Fletch."

"You do? Hey, that's great. Then maybe we can move right past that designation. I'd like to suggest-"

"I'm sure you would." The sparkle remained in her incredible eyes. "But right now, I need to return to being your vet and make sure Janis continues to do as well as she can."

"You bet." He stepped aside immediately. By his calculation, the kiss had only lasted a few minutes. He'd packed a lot of sensory delights into those few minutes, but he couldn't imagine they'd been involved with each other long enough to cause a problem with the mare and her foal.

Astrid started into the stall and paused to comb her hands through her hair. "My hair's down." She seemed bemused by the fact.

"My fault." He scanned the wooden floor of the barn aisle and found the clasp lying there. He picked it up. "Here."

"Thanks." She scooped her hair back and fastened the clasp. "I didn't even realize that you'd done that."

"That's because I'm such a smooth operator."

She laughed. "I'll keep that in mind."

"For next time?"

"Nice try, cowboy. There won't be a next time. That was a delicious kiss, but we won't be-oh, Fletch! Janis is getting up!"

"I see that." He watched his brave girl struggle to her feet, and his heart swelled with pride. Despite her outstanding bloodlines, she'd been offered at a bargain price three years ago because she was past her prime. He'd feared if he didn't take her, she might end up in a bad situation or be sold to a meat-packer.

He hadn't bought her simply out of charity, though. He'd believed she could produce at least one more quality foal, and he'd gambled on that by paying an outrageous stud fee. The first attempt hadn't worked, but the second had resulted in this pregnancy.

When she'd run into problems, he'd questioned his judgment, but thanks to Astrid's excellent care, Janis had come through for him and delivered a healthy colt. Now she'd get her well-deserved rest.

Once Janis was upright, she began nudging her foal, Buddy Holly. Fletch had picked out the name after an ultrasound seemed to indicate Janis would have a colt. Sure, these rocker names were corny, but his mom had loved rock music. He was a sentimental sap and proud of it.

"Oh my God. This is it." Astrid rushed back to her bag and pulled out a point-and-shoot camera. "This is the money shot. Buddy Holly is about to get to his feet for the first time."

Fletch hadn't even thought to bring a camera. Maybe he'd been a little superstitious about that, too. If he'd brought a camera and the worst had happened ... But it hadn't, and Astrid was ready to record the moment.

He'd experienced this event several times with his other vet, and the contrast in that guy's response and Astrid's was dramatic. Where the other vet obviously had been eager to get the process over so that he could go home, Astrid behaved as if being here was a privilege.

No wonder he was so drawn to her. She understood the importance of honoring new life. He wanted her here every time a foal was born on the Rocking G. She had the kind of energy he craved.

The colt was shaky, and he took several tries to get up on those impossibly slender legs. But he kept at it with a determination that made Fletch's heart squeeze. Janis coaxed him to try again, and this time, he got all four legs under him and stood. His damp body quivered with the effort, but he was up.

Astrid let out a muted whoop of joy, enough to show she was thrilled, but not enough to scare the wobbly colt. She snapped picture after picture, and Fletch reminded himself to ask for copies. Something told him Buddy would be a remarkable colt, and an even more remarkable stallion. This birth could be the beginning of a legacy for the Rocking G. A shiver of anticipation raced up Fletch's spine at the thought.

He didn't think it was coincidence that Astrid was here to share this moment, either. He'd had a feeling about her ever since she'd climbed out of her truck on that first day, six months ago. She was a bitty thing, probably only about five-two, but her size didn't stop her from doing a bang-up job as a large-animal vet.

Although he didn't know a lot about her background, he figured she'd grown up on a ranch somewhere. He'd meant to ask her, but the timing had never seemed right. She knew far more about him, he realized now, than he knew about her. Time to fix that.

After Buddy began to nurse, Astrid left the stall and came to stand beside him. "Was that exciting or what?"

"Yep." He smiled at her. "Thanks for remembering a camera. You'll send me the pictures, right?"

"Absolutely. Part of the service." She tucked the camera back in her bag and stood. "Wow. Adrenaline rush." She blew out a breath and glanced at him. "The process will be pretty boring for the next couple of hours or so. I have to make sure Janis passes the entire placenta, and that can take a while. If you want to go to bed ..." Her voice trailed off and she blushed a becoming shade of pink. "I mean, if you-"

"I know what you meant, although a proposition would be welcome right now."

Her cheeks still pink, she shook her head. "No can do. I'm already worried that we'll be uncomfortable working with each other after that kiss."

"We won't," he said quickly. That was the last thing he wanted. "I'll cut the loaded comments. I don't want you to think about dropping me as a client. That would be bad for my animals." And worse for him. He looked forward to her visits more than he'd been willing to admit.

"I would hate that, too. The Rocking G is my favorite call."

He longed to ask her if that was because of the ranch itself, or if the rancher had something to do with it. But he wouldn't say another word. He'd just hope that over time he'd win her over.

"Anyway, you don't have to stick around," she said. "I can finish up here alone and lock up the barn when I leave."

"I wouldn't dream of letting you do that. The rain's been constant, which means that the usually dry gulch is full of water. I'm going to follow you as far as the bridge to make sure you get across okay."

"Fletch, that's not necessary. The bridge is sturdy, and I'll be fine. Besides, I'm not a risk taker. If I'm worried, I'll come back here and wait until the water goes down."

He folded his arms. "That's all good to hear, but I'm going with you as far as the bridge. Then if you have to come back, I can give you breakfast while you wait."

"Okay." She sounded hesitant.

"Or were you trying to get rid of me because I make you nervous?"

"Maybe a little bit."

He sighed and let his arms drop to his sides. "I regret that. I can't make myself regret kissing you, but I'd hate to think I've messed up the dynamic between us."

"Let's just say it's not quite as relaxed as it was before."

"Then I'll work on that, which is a good reason for me to hang around. I'll prove to you that we can get along the way we always have."

"All right. Any more coffee left?"

"There is." He'd brought the biggest thermos he had for that very reason and had set it right outside the stall door. "I'll get us some." Moments later he handed her a full mug. "Astrid, no matter what happens or doesn't happen between us, I want you to continue to care for my animals. That's a top priority for me."

She accepted the mug and wrapped both hands around it. "I could help you find someone. I realize your last vet wasn't very good, but I could recommend-"

"I want you."

Her eyes widened.

"Hell. I want you as my vet." Then honesty prodded him. "I also want you, in the larger sense, but that is the last time you'll hear me bring up the subject. So let's talk about something else."

She still seemed extremely wary. "Like what?"

"How about you? Your family? I realized tonight that I've rattled on about my parents and my dreams for the ranch, but I don't know much about your background."

Surprisingly, her wariness seemed to increase. "It's not very interesting."

She was hiding something. He couldn't imagine what, but for some reason she didn't want to talk about her family. For all he knew, her dad was in jail and her mother was a drunk. That would explain not wanting to discuss them.

"Sorry," he said. "I didn't mean to pry." He settled on an easier question. "But I would like to know how you ended up wanting to be a vet, if that's not too personal."

"Not at all." She brightened immediately. "I can tell you exactly what got me started. I read Black Beauty when I was eight years old."

"Yeah, me, too. But I didn't end up in veterinary school."

"No, but you work with horses. I was determined to do that, too. I was struck by the fact that they can't talk and tell us what's wrong, so it seemed like a wonderful challenge to learn how to diagnose their problems and see if I could fix them."

"I'll bet you were good in science."

"I loved my science classes, especially biology. I had this one teacher, Mr. Dudley. He was great. Let me tell you about this experiment he had us do. It was so cool."

And she was off and running, describing her journey through the various stages of education that had resulted in becoming a licensed vet. Relieved to have found a safe topic, Fletch leaned against the stall and soaked up her enthusiasm. She'd loved every challenge, even the difficult college courses that required her to memorize every bone, tendon, and muscle in the body of a horse.

He was full of questions, including some that he'd never thought of until she explained important things she'd learned. As a horse owner, he needed to know more about the animals under his care, and now was a great time to get a mini-course in horse physiology.

She took breaks to check on Janis, and fortunately the mare was progressing exactly as she was supposed to. Even better, Fletch and Astrid had returned to the ease they'd enjoyed with each other before he'd kissed her. If he wanted her, and he absolutely did, then he'd have to be patient. Considering the potential reward-having the woman of his dreams-he could be very patient, indeed.

Three

Astrid was impressed with how well they passed the time without veering into dangerous territory again. She credited it to all the time they'd spent together before that lollapalooza of a kiss. They'd established their friendship firmly enough that they could settle back into it and put forbidden pleasures aside.

Sort of. During those couple of hours she'd had flashbacks to that electric moment when his mouth had claimed hers. She'd banished the thoughts immediately, but not before they'd kick-started her hormones. A low-grade sexual fever hummed beneath the surface, ready to spike at the slightest touch.

He was very careful, though. His hands never strayed close, and neither did hers. She didn't trust herself enough to allow even a slight brush of her hand against his.

Thank goodness he'd backed off when he'd figured out she didn't want to talk about her family. She wasn't being nearly as open as he'd been about his. Weeks ago he'd told her that he'd been orphaned as a teenager and that the small inheritance he'd received had allowed him to make a down payment on this ranch.

Someday she might tell him about her privileged background, but not right now; especially not right after he'd kissed the daylights out of her. Sure, she could just say that her mom and dad lived in Dallas and she had no siblings, but simplistic answers like that inevitably led to more questions.

Frankly, she didn't know how they'd navigate from here on out. Until he'd kissed her, she'd yearned for him, but that yearning had been more on the order of a crush. Now that the object of her crush had stated his own desire, her passion was a live thing, pacing the cage, searching for an escape.

Sharing the emotional high of a successful foaling hadn't helped matters any. She'd grabbed the camera because photographic evidence was important, but also because she needed to hold on to something and direct her energy elsewhere. Without the camera and an opportunity to take pictures, she might have been right back in his arms.

Once she drove away from here, she'd be able to put some psychic distance between them, too. Sleep would help. Her judgment was never good when she was sleep-deprived.

When she'd finally determined that Janis had passed all of the placenta and was able to nurse Buddy, she packed her bag and glanced over at Fletch. He had an endearing shadow of a beard, and his clothes were rumpled. He'd spattered coffee on himself at one point, and he'd plowed his fingers through his hair so often that strands of it stuck straight up.

She'd never been so taken with a man in her entire life. His disheveled appearance came from devotion to an animal, and she understood and admired that quality in him. Besides, he looked good all mussed. It gave him a rakish air.

He met her gaze. "Ready to head out?"

"I think it's safe. Janis shows no signs of infection or undue stress. I predict she'll be fine. You can certainly call me if you notice anything unusual, but I don't expect to hear from you until it's time for me to come back and give them both a check-up."

An emotion flickered briefly in his brown eyes. "That's good news." But his words were at war with the tone of his voice. "I'll get my keys and follow you to the bridge."

"You really don't have to. The rain's stopped."

His jaw firmed. "I'll get my keys." Taking his hat from the peg beside the stall, he settled it on his head and tugged the brim down. "Wait for me."

Whoa. She'd never been privy to this side of Fletch, an unbending commander of the troops. Then she remembered that his parents had died in an automobile accident. He hadn't said what kind of an accident, and she doubted they'd drowned in their car, but still ... it made sense that he would be extra cautious when it came to people taking chances in vehicles.

She'd honor that and wait for him. Making sure the stall door was securely latched, she walked out of the barn, closed the double door, and fastened the padlock in place. By the time she'd climbed into her pickup, he was on his way, his truck's headlights swerving as he navigated around puddles in the dirt road from the main house to the barn.

She was glad for his company, even though she'd wanted to save him the trouble. He had to be at least as exhausted as she was. But the road to the bridge was unpaved, and after the rain it would be thick with mud. Her four-wheel-drive should be able to handle it, but in case it couldn't, she'd be grateful to have him there to help pull her out.

Starting the engine, she put the truck in gear and began the slippery journey to the bridge. Her truck fishtailed a couple of times, and she slowed down. Technically, she was in no hurry.

She'd planned for a relaxing Sunday-catching up on her sleep, doing some laundry, picking up takeout for dinner. She wasn't seeing her family or friends today, so she could spend the day in bed if she wanted to. When she got home wasn't particularly important.

Leaving the Rocking G, however, was extremely important. The sooner she did that, the sooner she could assess her situation in the privacy of her own space. In Fletch's magnetic presence, she couldn't think straight, and she worried that she'd do something unwise. Like kiss him again.

The memory of that kiss hadn't faded one iota in the time since he'd released her and stepped away. The velvet imprint of his lips remained on hers, and the thought of how he'd used his tongue got her juices flowing every time. That cowboy certainly knew how to kiss.

If he made love the same way, then the lucky recipient would be in for a real treat. Her imagination conjured up an image of Fletch stripping off his cowboy duds and climbing into bed with her. Mmm. Was she a complete fool to deny herself that kind of pleasure?

The blare of a horn snapped her back to reality. She'd meant to brake before crossing the bridge and assess the potential threat of high water. Lost in thought about a nak*d and sexy Mr. Grayson, she'd driven onto the bridge without pausing. Oh, well. She was committed now.

The span was about seventy-five feet, and the wooden structure quivered as water surged beneath it. And over it. Too late she saw what she'd missed earlier. The bridge was partly underwater.

Perhaps only an inch or two covered the wooden planks, but the water was moving fast, and her truck's tires began to lose traction. She gripped the wheel and forged on. Had she stopped to look, she wouldn't have driven onto the bridge at all, but now she was nearly halfway across. Might as well keep going.

The groan of timbers was her only warning before the bridge collapsed under her. A frantic shout from the bank-Fletch telling her to jump-penetrated her terror for a split second. Then, as if in slow motion, her truck teetered for a moment before beginning to slide into the swirling stream.

Fletch's command rang in her ears. Unbuckling her seat belt, she reached for the door. Her truck might be lost, but she'd be damned if she'd go down with it. She leaped free right as the truck plummeted into the water.

She hit the surface and it hurt like hell, the same smacking pain as a belly flop into a pool. And God, it was cold. The momentum of her impact took her breath and dragged her under, but she immediately began fighting to get to the surface.

Fletch was out there, and if he knew where she was, if he even caught a glimpse, he'd find a way to pull her out. She knew that more surely than her own name. Holding on to the thought of Fletch was like reaching for a lifeline.

Thrashing her way upward, she broke through the surface of the water. She wanted to yell, but she didn't have enough air left. Instead she turned upstream and clawed her way through the eddies to get back to the bank where she'd last seen Fletch. The pale dawn would help him see her. In total darkness she would have been lost.

"Astrid! Catch the rope!"

Through blurred vision, she saw him running along the bank. A rope sailed out, a loop at the end. She tried to grab it, missed, and tried again. The rope sank uselessly into the water just out of reach. She struggled toward it, but the water kept pushing it away.

"Hang on! I'm coming in!"

"No!" Her protest sounded weak, but she feared for him. The current was wicked. If he came in, they might both be lost. He should haul in the rope and try again.

But when she looked toward the bank, he wasn't there, which meant he was in the steam with her, that damned stupid man! He would never find her in this wild torrent. They would both drown, and then-

"Gotcha!" Breathless but triumphant, he hooked one strong arm under her br**sts. "Now be still."

Unquestioning trust seeped through her, and she became pliant as a kitten caught by the nape of her neck. She'd heard of drowning victims who'd doomed their rescuers by flailing around. She'd already screwed up by driving onto a dangerous bridge. She wouldn't compound that by sabotaging his rescue efforts.

His labored breathing was punctuated by colorful swear words as he swam with one arm and pulled her along with the other. She hated being a dead weight. Her clothes had to make her even heavier. He was swimming in his clothes, too, and that couldn't be easy.

The urge to help him was nearly irresistible. But he'd told her to be still. She forced herself to stay limp and let him do all the work. After what seemed like hours, but must have been mere minutes, her heels scraped bottom. She scrambled to stand.

"Be still." He gulped for air. "I'll navigate."

She slumped against him once more, and he hauled her up the bank like a sack of potatoes. At last they lay side by side on their backs in the mud at the top of the gulch. Their gasps mingled with the distant rumble of his truck's still-running motor and the gurgle of the water that had almost killed them both.

When she could finally speak, she knew what had to come first. "Fletch, I'm so sor-"

Her apology was cut off as he rolled on top of her and took her mouth in a kiss that was part desperation, part conquering hero, and one hundred percent sexual male.

All her repressed desire erupted in a flow of hot lust for this man, and she knew it would never be contained again. Grabbing his head, she kissed him back with a groan of surrender.

His tongue plundered her mouth as his hands eagerly roamed her body. He seemed determined to make sure she was all there, that the water had not swallowed her forever. She wiggled against him, aroused beyond belief by his questing hands and the sensual squish of mud beneath her. Even the scratch of his beard excited her.

They'd cheated death. They were alive. Alive! The jubilation of that filled her with an undeniable need to taste all that life had to offer. Right now, it offered Fletch, the man who'd saved her from drowning, and he deserved any reward he chose to claim. She wanted that magic connection as much or more than he seemed to. If he chose to take her right here in the mud, it would be fine with her.

At first she thought he would. His hands were everywhere-stroking and squeezing with a frenzy that convinced her he had no intention of stopping until he was deep inside her. He fumbled with the snap of her jeans ... and abruptly paused.

Lifting his head, he stared down at her, and gradually the wildness in his dark eyes gave way to tenderness. His ragged breathing slowed.

"Not like this," he murmured.

She gazed up at him, hiding nothing.

"You were going to let me, weren't you?"

She nodded.

"Ah, my sweet Astrid." He dipped his head again and kissed her softly. His breath was warm against her face. "I've already scratched your chin with my beard. We're going home so we can do this right." Rolling away from her, he got to his feet.

She sat up, but before she could stand, he was there, scooping her muddy body into his arms. "I can walk!" she squeaked out.

"I like carrying you."

And it turned out she liked being carried. No man had ever done that before, but then, no man had ever saved her from drowning, either. She nestled against him and felt the rapid beat of his heart keeping time with hers.

She had no doubt of his immediate plans, and the thought of those plans made her heart beat even faster. When they reached his truck, he braced her against the crew cab so he could open the passenger door.

"You should toss me in the back. I'm a mess."

"No more than me. This truck's seen mud before." And he set her gently in the seat. "Buckle up."

She did, although it hardly seemed necessary. He wouldn't be driving in traffic, and he sure wouldn't be speeding along the muddy road. But he was a safety-conscious guy for a reason, so she buckled up.

While doing that, she gave a passing thought to her truck and the medical bag inside. Her phone was gone, too. The reality of losing all that hadn't penetrated yet.

In fact, nothing about this experience felt quite real. Driving across a semi-submerged bridge wasn't like her at all. A cautious person, she'd never before been in a life-threatening situation. She used to wonder how she'd react to imminent danger, and now she knew. She'd unfastened the seat belt and jumped. That knowledge filled her with pride and confidence.

But she might not be sitting here in Fletch's truck, hale and hearty, if he hadn't come in after her. She looked over at him as he climbed behind the wheel and closed the door. "Thank you for saving my life." It sounded lame, but she couldn't think of a better way to put it.

He'd started to fasten his seat belt, and he glanced up mid-motion and frowned. "I sure hope your response to me wasn't all about gratitude."

She laughed. Maybe that was inappropriate, but she couldn't help it. He was so far off base.

Abandoning his seat belt, he reached for her. "You're not getting hysterical on me, are you? Because I can take you to a clinic. We'll have to go the long way, but ... or maybe I should call for a helicopter. You've had a shock. I should get you to some-"

"Dear God, Fletch. Please don't have me airlifted out of here." She cupped his bristly morning face in both hands. "Especially when you've just promised to take me to bed."

"So you really want to?" He massaged her shoulders. "You're not just going along with the idea because I saved you and you feel obligated?"

Obligated? That made her giggle some more. "I don't feel obligated, but you have to admit saving a girl's life is bound to affect how she feels about a guy."

His eyes darkened. "I don't want that to be the reason."

"It's not the reason." She stroked his prickly cheeks. "But it might be the excuse."

His frown disappeared, and the rakish smile he gave her in its place made him look like a swashbuckling pirate. "Okay, pretty lady. I can live with that. Let's go home."

Four

On the way back to the ranch, Fletch took his phone from its holder on the dash and called the sheriff's office. He wouldn't want someone to find Astrid's swamped truck and assume the worst. He said the truck's owner was safe with him and gave his number as a contact if the truck was spotted.

Then he called his foreman, Herman, and told him about the foal and the bridge being out. "We'll contact the insurance adjuster about the bridge tomorrow, after the water's gone down," he said to Herman. "Meanwhile, it's been a long night and I plan to get some shut-eye. Please check on Janis and Buddy, but don't call me unless there's an emergency." After he disconnected he looked at Astrid. "That takes care of my situation. What about yours?"

"No one expects to hear from me today. I usually hibernate on Sundays."

Now that surprised him. "I didn't know that about you. I thought you might be a type A workaholic."

"I sort of am, but only six days a week."

He nodded. "Good to hear. Taking breaks is important."

"You, on the other hand, probably work seven days a week."

Having her mention his work schedule was a promising sign. Maybe this wouldn't be a one-morning stand. He hoped to hell not, but he wasn't making any assumptions. "Sometimes I work seven days straight," he said, "but I've been meaning to do something about that." He wasn't the type to lie in a hammock all day, though. He needed a compelling reason to clear his schedule once a week. Could be he'd found one.

"I notice you didn't say anything about me when you talked to Herman."

"Nope. You are none of Herman's business."

"What about Edna, your cook?"

"She takes Sunday off, so if you're hungry, you'll have to make do with me."

For some reason she found that funny. Then he thought about what he'd said and realized how she might have taken it. Damned if that didn't get a rise out of him, in a good but semi-uncomfortable way. Wet denim and a hard c*ck weren't an optimal combination.

But he intended to take care of both circumstances real quick. Pulling to the back of the ranch house, he turned off the motor and unfastened his seat belt. "I came around back so we can go straight into the laundry room."

"And that way we don't advertise that I rode back here with you. I appreciate that."

He gazed at her. "I'm not too worried about the folks who work on my ranch gossiping. If I ask them to keep their mouths shut, they will."

"I'd rather not have to ask them."

That made life a little more complicated, but he could deal. "Okay, then, here's the plan. We go into the laundry room, shuck our clothes, throw them in the washer, and turn it on. Then-"

"What if we get turned on before the washer does?" Laughter danced in her blue eyes.

"I suppose we will, smart aleck." He was glad she'd recovered enough from her harrowing experience to tease him. "But if we don't start the washer first, I guarantee we'll forget all about the damned thing and you won't have any clothes to wear home."

"Good point."

"Just trying to protect your reputation, ma'am."

Her gaze softened. "You're a sweet man, Fletch."

"Ouch. You really know how to hurt a guy."

"It was a compliment!"

"Maybe to you, but sweet men usually lose out to the reckless and dashing kind. I'd rather you thought of me that way."

"I can't go with reckless. But you might have to deal with me calling you a hero, since you did just save my life. As for dashing, well, your beard gives you a real shot at that."

"Yeah?" He rubbed a hand over his chin and winced. "Too bad. It's history." He pocketed his keys and opened his door. "Stay put. I'll come around and get you."

"That's silly. I'm not some china doll who needs to be handled with care." She unsnapped her seat belt. "I can get out on my own."

He paused and turned back to her. "Obviously you don't understand that I look for every excuse to touch you. Stay put."

Her eyes widened. "Oh."

"Yeah, oh. Lifting you in and out of the truck makes me feel very macho, and you feel really good, so indulge me." She also might not be as steady on her pins as she thought.

"All right." Her voice had a cute little quiver to it, like maybe that idea was exciting to her.

When he came around to her side of the truck and opened the door, she held out her arms. "Please help me down, you big strong man, you."

"You try my patience, woman." But he lifted her out of the truck, and to his delight, she wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his hips. "That's more like it." He held her close and climbed the steps to the back door.

"Sorry. I didn't know the drill."

"You're kidding. Nobody's ever carried you before?" He fished out his keys and unlocked the door.

"Not since I was five."

"Then some guy's missing the boat." He got her inside just as the rain started up again. "A little thing like you is perfect for this." He had to wonder what kind of wimpy men she'd dated, but he didn't want to spend a whole lot of time on that subject. Thinking of her with other men could be crazy-making.

The laundry room was neat and smelled of soap and clean towels. Edna did light housekeeping for him, too, although he was a fair hand with a vacuum cleaner when necessary. Kicking the door shut, he set Astrid on the nearest available surface, which happened to be the dryer.

Then he stood back and just looked at her, astounded that she was here-and that she wanted to have sex with him. "Take off your clothes."

"Wow, that's romantic."

He cursed softly. "If I take them off, we'll never accomplish getting the washing machine started." He leaned against the wall and pulled off his boot. "I won't even watch you do it." After taking off the second boot, he turned away and began unbuttoning his shirt.

"Yes, but I can watch you."

"Don't." He pulled off the wet shirt and tossed it to the floor. "Focus."

Her soft laughter surrounded him like soap bubbles. "I've fantasized for months about seeing you nak*d. I'm not going to miss watching you strip."

He turned, his hands at the waistband of his jeans, and sure enough, she was staring at him. She hadn't removed a stitch of clothing. No, wait. She'd taken off her boots, which lay where she'd dropped them on the floor.

Blowing out a breath, he walked over to stand in front of her. "Guess this is up to me, after all." He reached for the top button on her blouse.

"Just don't forget to start the washer."

He looked into her eyes, and they burned with the same fire that licked through his veins. "You're a devil, you know that?" He kept unbuttoning.

Her smile taunted him. "You bring it out in me with all that macho he-man stuff."

His c*ck stiffened so forcefully that he sucked in a breath. "Careful, lady." He finished with the buttons but avoided looking at her br**sts as he slid the shirt over her arms. "You're taunting the beast."

"Am I? I kind of like that idea." She reached out and boldly stroked his fly.

"Okay, that does it." Abandoning the washing machine plan without a single regret, he picked her up and carried her, protesting every step of the way, to his bedroom. "You're the one who wouldn't take off your clothes. Now deal with it."

"But your quilt!" she shrieked as he tossed her down and unzipped her jeans.

"It washes." He pulled off her jeans and her panties in one swift movement, scattering dried mud and smearing the wet mud everywhere. He didn't care. After what they'd both been through, they needed this connection, and that trumped getting dirt on his quilt.

The glory of paradise awaited him between her soft thighs, and he trembled at the thought of burying his c*ck there. He'd meant to take this slow and treasure every second, but she'd goaded him, and by God, a man had his limits. Maybe she'd meant to push him past those limits because she was desperate, too.

He shoved his jeans and briefs to the floor, stepped out of them, and grabbed a condom from the bedside table drawer, aware that she watched his every movement as he put it on. "Am I shocking you with my lack of subtlety?" He braced his arms on the mattress where she lay sprawled across it, breathing hard.

"Yes. And I love it."

"Good answer." Grasping her hips, he pulled her to the edge of the bed, lifted her, and pushed in deep. He saw no need for foreplay, no reason to make sure she was ready for him. Her teasing words and the flame in her blue eyes had told him all he needed to know.

Knees braced against the mattress, he held her there, anchored by his cock, and closed his eyes for a brief moment of gratitude. Rain pounded on the roof with a frenzied beat, as if urging him on. He'd hoped, he'd dreamed, but he'd never known for sure this would happen.

Then he opened his eyes to find Astrid looking up at him with excitement shining in her blue gaze.

Her lips were parted and her breath came fast. "Do me," she murmured.

"Oh, I plan to." Holding her steady for his thrusts, he began to move. Focused on her expressive eyes, he glided in and out, loving her as he'd longed to for months. Her pupils widened as pleasure claimed her.

She responded as he'd known she would. Clutching handfuls of the quilt, she arched toward him, telling him without words that she wanted all he had to give. He wished he'd taken off her bra so he could see her br**sts quiver each time he rocked forward.

But she'd tempted him beyond all endurance, and he'd skipped steps so that he could arrive at ... this ... pounding into her over and over, feeling her tighten around his cock, knowing that she was close ... and closer still.

"Fletch ..." Her plea was rich with passion. "Fletch, I'm ..."

He dragged in air. "Hope so." He kept stroking, holding the rhythm steady, relentless. "That's the idea."

She whimpered, and then she came apart with a wail of surrender. That sweet sound would stay with him for a long, long time. He exulted in her cli**x, pumping faster to bring her higher, and higher yet.

Then his control snapped, and he drove in once more with a groan of satisfaction. Pulsing within her, he touched heaven, and knew that from this moment forward, he'd never be satisfied with anything less than making love to Astrid.

***

Drifting in the hazy afterglow of her cli**x, Astrid listened to the rain and wallowed in bliss. That, she concluded, was how a real man made love-with confidence and complete disregard for little things like mud on the quilt. After he'd eased away from her, he'd made sure she was settled comfortably on the bed before walking into the attached master bath.

He was a wonderful combination of masterful gestures and gentle consideration. She'd never found that before in a lover, but then, she'd never been in bed with a cowboy. She wondered if the nature of his work, caring for animals that depended on him to be both strong and empathetic, brought out those qualities.

Maybe, but she also thought he was naturally that way, which was why he'd been drawn to raising horses. Her work required the same qualities, and normally she reveled in taking charge. But letting someone else do that, someone she trusted, felt amazing. For the first time in ages, she was completely relaxed.

After disposing of the condom, Fletch returned and climbed into bed. He wrapped his arms around her, ignoring any leftover mud. "This needs to come off." Unfastening her bra, he tugged it free and tossed it over his shoulder onto the floor.

"Mm." He cupped her br**sts and lazily brushed his thumbs over her n**ples. "I hope we get to do this again sometime, because I have plans for these."

Tired as she was, she still responded to his touch with a tightening deep in her belly. His hands were calloused by hours of hard labor, which made his touch unlike any she'd known, and more exciting because of that. "We can probably do it again ... when you're up to it."

"Better not say that." He looked into her eyes and smiled. "I might be up to it sooner than you think. And you need rest."

"You do, too." She should probably be considering the long-term ramifications of hav**g s*x with him instead of agreeing to more of it, but she didn't want to think about the future now. Living in the moment had far more appeal.

Cliched though her response might be, his heroism and his take-charge attitude made her feel feminine and cherished, and she wasn't willing to give that up yet. Denying both of them this incredible pleasure would be straying into martyr territory, and she'd never been a fan of martyrdom. Plus the guy had an amazing package. There was that.

She ran her finger down the side of his jaw. "You've been awake as long as I have. And you had to drag me through the water while I just hung there doing nothing."

"You were breathing. That was all I cared about."

She cupped his face. "But you must be exhausted."

"I should be, but when I look at you, I get a second wind."

"You're high on adrenaline." She brushed her thumb over his cheek. His prominent cheekbones and deep-set eyes hinted at Native American ancestry. Just looking at him was a pleasure. But she noticed weary lines around those eyes. "We should sleep."

"Probably. Anyway I'm not making love to you again until I've shaved off the stubble." He continued to caress her. "Your skin is like silk. I don't want to hurt you."

"Maybe I'd like the manly scrape of your beard on my br**sts." She was certainly enjoying having his hands there.

"But it wouldn't be just your br**sts." He held her gaze. "Eventually I'd move on, and you'd feel the manly scrape of my beard between your thighs."

Tension coiled within her. "I see."

"And once I get into that program, I like to make it last. So I'll shave first, so I can settle in and do the job right."

That reminded her of his agile tongue, and lust grabbed her in predictable places. "I think you know exactly what you're doing by talking to me this way."

He smiled. "What am I doing?"

"Making me hot."

"Is that so?" He slid one hand over her belly, tunneled his fingers through her curls, and began to explore while still massaging her breast. "You are pretty hot, at that."

She drew in a breath. "I thought we were going to rest."

"We will." He slipped his fingers in deeper with devastating effect. "In a minute."

She began to tremble. "This is crazy. I just-"

"That's what's so fun about ladies. They can come a lot. Guys, not so much."

She was in no position to argue about whether she could come again so soon, because she was about to. He understood exactly how to stroke her, how to make her whimper and shiver as her cli**x approached.

"Let go, sweet Astrid." He began pinching her nipple in the same rhythm. "Come for me."

She obeyed his command, arching her back with a wild cry of release. Afterward she lay with her eyes closed and a smile of pure joy curved her mouth. "Awesome," she whispered.

"Yes, you are."

Her eyes fluttered open. "It's you, Fletch. You're the awesomeness."

"It's us." He combed her hair back from her face and kissed her lightly on the mouth. "It's us."

Five

The last thing Astrid remembered was hearing the rain as Fletch traced the curve of her cheek with the tip of his finger and urged her to sleep. She must have done that instantly. When she woke up, she was on her side in the same position, so she hadn't moved at all. She'd been just that tired and just that relaxed.

But there were two changes to her situation. Fletch wasn't in bed with her anymore, and he'd obviously covered her with a blanket at some point. The light had shifted, and if she were to guess, she'd say it was afternoon, although it was hard to tell, because the rain continued to fall.

Fletch had made coffee. She could smell it. Climbing out of bed, she noticed that none of her clothes remained in the room, either. She glanced around, taking in the room's decor for the first time. She'd seen the rest of the house briefly during visits to tend his horses, but never his bedroom, obviously.

The bedroom mirrored the other rooms in that it looked like a decidedly heterosexual man had chosen everything without advice from a woman. The dark wood furniture-the bed, a dresser, and a rocking chair-were straightforward pieces without embellishments. The colors of the fabrics in the bed linens and the curtains were earth tones of green and brown.

The walls provided the most interesting element of the room-colorful vintage posters, all professionally framed. She wasn't an expert, but she recognized Elvis, which suggested the rest were of that era, too. Fletch had mentioned that his mother had loved classic rock, and Astrid wondered if the posters had belonged to her.

The aroma of coffee was joined by the tang of onions sauteing in butter. Mouth watering, she wrapped herself in the light cream-colored blanket and walked out of the bedroom. It didn't matter what Fletch was cooking. She was starving and would eat anything.

The one-story house had a basic design. The master bedroom with attached bath was at one end, with the great room and kitchen in the middle. A second bedroom and attached bath, which now functioned as Fletch's office, was at the far end of the house.

She'd always liked the simplicity of the house. Although it wasn't particularly large or luxurious, it had some nice touches, like granite countertops, hardwood floors, and good-sized windows. Most charming of all, Fletch had paid extra for a wood-burning fireplace made of native stone. Her first visit here had been during winter, and he'd had a fire going.

She hadn't stayed to enjoy it with him, because that wouldn't have been the professional thing to do. But she'd wanted to. She even thought that he'd wanted her to.

The image of sharing a cozy fire with him was lovely, but winter was several months away, and projecting that far into the future wasn't a good idea. She was here now, and Fletch stood in the kitchen dressed in a clean white T-shirt and jeans. His back was to her as he stirred onions in the frying pan. The browning onions crackled enough that he obviously hadn't heard her bare feet on the wooden floor.

She took a moment to watch him cook before announcing her presence. In her world of privilege, guys didn't cook. They ate in restaurants or hired someone to cook for them. Normally, Edna would be here to cook for Fletch, but he'd obviously learned the skill at some point. She wondered if there was anything the guy couldn't do.

His dark hair was damp from a recent shower. If he'd showered and shaved in the master bath, she really must have been zonked. She suspected he'd gone to the other end of the house to clean up so he wouldn't disturb her. That would be a Fletch move.

A center island with stools on the living room side separated the kitchen from the rest of the large space. She slid onto one of the stools and cleared her throat. "You're being observed, Mr. Chef."

He turned, spatula in hand, and grinned at her. "I'd tell you what you look like wrapped in that blanket, but my Native American friends tell me that word is politically incorrect."

"It was all I had. Someone stole my clothes."

He laughed and went back to stirring his onions. "Yeah, well, someone kept yammering about turning on the washer earlier this morning, so I decided to take care of that so I wouldn't hear about it when she woke up."

"What time is it?"

"A little past two. Not very late."

"You would have eventually come in to get me, right? You wouldn't have let me sleep for twelve hours or anything, would you?"

"No." He reached for a bowl with a whisk leaning in it, whipped the contents a few times, and dumped what looked like scrambled eggs in the pan. "I would selfishly have made you wake up so we could have sex again."

That made her giggle. "You're impossible."

"Impossible to forget, I hope."

"That, too." She leaned her chin on her hand. She could sit here watching him for a very long time and not get bored. His broad shoulders, slim hips, and excellent buns were worth the price of admission.

"Want coffee?"

"Love some."

"Want sex?"

"Eventually, but I want food first."

He abandoned his eggs and poured her a mug of coffee. "I anticipated that," he said as he brought her the coffee and set it on the island. "That's why I'm slaving over a hot stove-so I can provide you with enough fuel to become a tigress in the bedroom."

She looked into his brown eyes. "You are so full of it, Grayson."

"Yes, ma'am." He winked at her. "And I want to give it all to you. Now drink your coffee, and in a jiffy I'll have some scrambled eggs for you. And toast."

"What kind of toast? I'm particular about my toast." She couldn't believe how much fun she was having. She'd never kidded around with her boyfriends like this.

"It's cinnamon-raisin or nothing, sweetheart."

"Lucky you; that's my favorite."

He glanced over his shoulder. "Somehow I knew that. Don't ask me why."

"Why?"

He groaned. "You really are a pain in the ass. But I'll reveal my secret, because if I don't, you'll badger me until I do."

"You've got that right."

"A couple of months ago, you told me about a bakery in Dallas that makes amazing cinnamon-raisin bread. I think the mother of one of your friends works there."

"That's right. Melanie's mother."

"So the next time I was in town, I checked it out. Now I'm hooked. I buy in bulk and freeze it."

She took a minute to absorb the news that a chance comment from her had prompted him to change his shopping and eating habits. But she was no different. Ever since learning that he was into classic rock, she'd tuned in to a station that played that, which was how she'd known who Buddy Holly was when he'd announced the foal's new name.

"Don't put too much importance on that." He opened a cupboard and took down a couple of plates. "I'm always looking for local businesses to support."

"Oh, I didn't," she said, lying through her teeth. "I do the same." She would never admit how she'd obsessed over him for the past six months.

"Yep. That's the value of talking to a variety of people." He dished out the eggs, took a couple of forks from a drawer, and brought the plates and forks over. "Here you go. Fuel up."

"Thanks, but you're making this sound like a pit stop at the Indy 500. What exactly are you expecting of me?"

Grabbing his own mug of coffee, he rounded the island and sat down on the stool next to hers. He glanced over at her. "Nervous?"

"A little, yeah." Especially because she'd noticed that he'd shaved, and he'd made some explicit promises about what would happen once he'd rid himself of the bristle.

"Then let me ease your mind, pretty lady." He met her gaze. "Your clothes are in the dryer. They should be dry in another twenty or thirty minutes. If, at any time, you want me to take you home, you have only to say the word, and it will be done."

"So I'm in charge?"

"As much as you want to be."

"Now that's a loaded comment if I ever heard one."

His expression shifted from teasing to earnest. "Astrid, I've dreamed of having you in my bed ever since I met you. Forgive me if I'm eager to keep you there as long as I can. I won't be the one to call a halt. You'll have to do it. If I had my way, you'd stay ... indefinitely."

It was quite an admission, one that made him vulnerable. Her heart ached, because she longed for that kind of simple attraction-a man and a woman who discovered how right they were for each other and allowed the relationship to progress naturally. But life wasn't that easy, and there were things about her that he didn't know, things that undoubtedly would change his perception of her.

But she kept the exchange lighthearted, for both of their sakes. "With only one set of clothes, staying indefinitely would involve way too much time in your laundry room."

He smiled. "Unless we forget about clothes completely."

"There's a thought."

"A most excellent thought. Now eat your breakfast before it gets cold."

"Yes, Mommy."

He laughed, and the potential for an awkward moment passed.

She dug into the breakfast he'd prepared, which was delicious. "Great food," she said between bites. "Where did you learn how to cook?"

"My mom taught me. She believed that a boy should be as handy in the kitchen as a girl. I had to do my own laundry, too, so you'll be happy to know I separate whites and colors."

"Excellent." She thought about her clothes. "I didn't have any whites."

"That helped. And for the record, your black lace bra and black panties are sexy as hell."

"So we're back to sex, are we?" She pushed away her empty plate and sipped her coffee.

"Don't I wish. But there's something I have to tell you. I wanted to wait until you'd finished."

Her chest tightened as she glanced over at him. "It's about the truck, isn't it?"

"The sheriff's department called. They found it."

"Where?"

"A long way downstream, a good twenty miles, at least. That water was moving fast."

"I know." She needed to hear this, but she didn't want to. Living in a bubble had been great. She'd pushed the accident to the back of her mind while she'd contemplated bedroom games with Fletch. No longer. An image of her truck being pulled from the stream, water spilling out of the cab, twisted her stomach into a knot.

"Damn. You look horrified. I didn't want to tell you at all, but I felt you needed to know."

"Yes, I do." She took a fortifying breath. "Was ... anything still in it?"

He shook his head. "Sorry. They think it was tossed against other debris. The tailgate is gone, and the driver's side door. The cab and truck bed are both empty."

"So it's pretty beat up, I guess."

"Afraid so. They've towed it to a yard. I have the number if you want to call."

She recoiled at the idea. Eventually she'd have to deal with her wrecked truck, but maybe not today. "Did you say I would?"

"No. I told them you were still recovering from your ordeal and would be in touch when you got your bearings."

"Thank you."

His voice gentled. "Astrid, do you have good insurance? Is that what you're worried about?"

She glanced into his eyes, warm with concern, and thought how ironic it was that he was worried about the money. "I have good insurance. I'm just mad at myself for being careless. I shouldn't have driven over that bridge. I put myself and you in great danger and ruined a perfectly good truck, not to mention losing all those medical supplies."

"Don't be so hard on yourself." He slipped his arm around her shoulders. "We all have lapses. You'd been up all night. It's hard to be sharp when you're exhausted."

"I wish I could say that was the reason I didn't stop to look before I drove over the bridge. The fact is, I was fantasizing about you."

He blinked. "Me?"

"You, nak*d."

He seemed torn between horror and delight. "I'm not sure how I'm supposed to take that. Are you saying it's all my fault?"

"No! It's my fault for reliving that kiss when I should have been paying attention to the road. But if you weren't so damned sexy, then none of this would have happened!"

He was quiet for a moment. "Do you wish it hadn't?"

"No." She said it in a small voice, but honesty made her admit the truth, however damning.

"That's a relief. For a minute there I thought you were going to say that sex with me wasn't worth nearly dying and losing both your truck and everything in it." His mouth twitched, as if he wanted to smile but didn't dare.

But she saw the glint of amusement in his eyes, and the tightness in her chest loosened. "I was determined not to have sex with you, you know."

"I do know. And I was just as determined that you would, but I figured it would be a long, arduous campaign."

"Instead it was a short, arduous campaign." Her smile trembled a little. "I'll bet you've never had to go through so much trouble to get a woman into bed before."

"Can't say that I have." He squeezed her shoulder as he held her gaze. "But you are so worth it."

"So are you."

"Apparently I am, considering I make up for those missing supplies, a totaled truck and potential loss of life."

Her smile became a grin. "Don't let it go to your head, Grayson."

"Too late. The more I think about your confession, the more I like it. An intelligent, beautiful woman drove blindly onto a dangerous bridge because she was mesmerized by the thought of seeing me nak*d. That's an epic tribute to my package."

"Good grief. I've created a monster."

"I mean, think about this for a minute. You lost all sense of self-preservation under the influence of that vision. I need to use my sexual powers more responsibly from now on. For example, don't ever have sex with me and then try to operate heavy machinery. You might-"

"Fletch!" Laughing, she grabbed his face in both hands. "Get a grip. You're good, but you're not that good."

His eyebrows rose. "Is that a challenge?"

Too late, she saw the warning light in his eyes. "No, I just-"

"I think it was a challenge, and this ol' boy never backs down from a challenge." With lightning speed he scooped her off the stool. The blanket fell away as he hoisted her over his shoulder, her bare bottom in the air.

"Put me down!"

"Not a chance." He carried her, squealing and pounding on his back, toward the bedroom.

"Stop this! I need a shower first!"

"You'll need a shower afterward, too, so let's forget about that now, shall we?"

With no more ceremony than he'd shown this morning, he tossed her down on the bed, but this time he followed her there, pinning her to the mattress with his large body. "Not that good, huh? We'll just see about that."

Six

Fletch wasn't about to let Astrid blame herself for what had happened on the bridge, especially after he understood why it had happened. If anyone should take the blame, he should, for kissing her in the first place. But because they were alive and frolicking on his bed, he didn't plan to wallow in guilt over that, either.

She wanted him, apparently far more than he'd ever imagined, and that was the best news he'd heard yet. She no longer mentioned the stumbling block that he was a client. As he kissed his way down her warm, silky body, he was fairly sure she didn't think of him as a client right now.

When he reached her moist triangle of blonde curls and used his tongue to find that all-important spot where her orgasms lived, he doubted she was thinking of anything. That's exactly what he wanted, to distract her from the scary events of the morning and remind her of the pleasure they could enjoy in this bed. Judging from her moans and the pressure of her fingertips against his scalp, he was succeeding.

He gave her one quick cli**x to lay the groundwork, and then he nestled more securely into the cradle of her thighs and slowed the action. He loved taking his time on the second go-round, loved building the pressure and backing off, increasing her excitement and easing back. The erotic taste and scent of her hardened his cock, but his c*ck would have to wait. This was all about giving her an orgasm that she begged for, one that had been promised for so long that when it arrived, it would rock her world.

When she began to thrash around, he knew he was achieving his goal. Her moans grew louder, and she even-this made him smile-started to swear. She saved the begging for last, with a few threats thrown in.

He hoped she'd make good on them, because he enjoyed this game, too. He wouldn't mind having her full mouth give him some payback for what he was doing to her now. In fact, he was counting on her need for revenge, because in this case, revenge would be sweet for both of them.

But he was struggling with his own needs, too, and finally he burrowed in and gave her what she'd pleaded for, because he couldn't wait much longer for his own cli**x. She yelled as she tumbled over the edge, and then yelled some more as the spasms rolled through her. Breathing hard, she collapsed on the bed.

While she lay gasping, eyes closed, he worked fast to unzip and grab a little raincoat out of the drawer. He didn't bother taking off his clothes. This one would be fast. Moving over her, he knelt between her thighs.

"My turn," he murmured. His mouth, flavored with her passion, settled over hers as he slid home. He'd thought she was wrung out, but she lifted her h*ps and squeezed his c*ck in welcome. Then she wrapped her legs around his, locking him in. Her arms came around his back, and he felt the imprint of her fingers.

Okay, then. Maybe she could come again. He revised his plan of quick and easy. Her tongue met his as he began stroking deliberately, shifting his angle, absorbing her response. Oh, yeah. She was right there with him.

Heat shot through his veins as he realized that he'd found a woman who could take what he had to offer and be ready for more, a woman with a sexual appetite for him that matched the one he had for her. He'd despaired of finding such a woman, yet here she was, her body moving in perfect rhythm with his. His cli**x neared, but so did hers. He could feel her tightening.

Lifting his mouth from hers, he looked into her flushed face. "Open your eyes," he murmured.

Her lashes fluttered, and she looked up at him. Her eyes were so dark they were almost navy. She gulped for air. "You are ... that good."

"So are you, lady. So are you." Holding her gaze, he increased the tempo, and in seconds, they came, their triumphant cries mingling as they shuddered in each other's arms.

Slowly the rocking stopped, the trembling stopped, and he could breathe almost normally. But he couldn't stop looking at her, and she seemed equally focused on him. She opened her mouth as if to speak, and then ... didn't.

He took the risk. "Okay, I'll say it. It's never been this good."

Gratitude shone in her eyes. "You're braver than I am. It's never been like this for me, either, but ... I think you're more experienced than I am, and I wondered if maybe you always-"

"No." He shook his head. "Not like this. I've never felt so completely in tune with a woman as I do with you. That's why I wanted to see your eyes. I needed to make sure you knew it was me making love to you and not some anonymous guy."

She stroked his back. "You could never be anonymous. You're an amazing lover, Fletch."

"Careful. You know how easily I get an inflated opinion of myself."

"Justifiably so, too. You just changed my whole outlook by hauling me into this bed and having your way with me. I was berating myself for the accident, on the blame train headed nowhere, and you derailed me. Thank you."

"You're welcome, but I had my own selfish motives. It's tough to have good sex with a guilt-ridden lady."

She smiled. "Well, you've made me a very happy lady. You should probably patent that thing you do with your tongue."

"Thanks."

"How does that work, exactly?"

He chuckled. "Trade secret. But I'm glad you like it. And that you're happy. Ready for that shower now?"

"If you'll wash my back."

"I'll wash your back, your front, and everything in between." He waggled his eyebrows. "All the better to touch you, my dear."

"Something tells me this is going to be a very long shower."

***

They ran out of hot water before they ran out of fun things to do in Fletch's shower stall. Astrid loved the sexy play, which wasn't so much about achieving orgasms as it was about thoroughly exploring each other and splashing water everywhere. They cavorted in the spray like a couple of kids. She'd never seen this uninhibited side of him, and he brought out the silliness in her, too.

When the water turned cold, they dried each other off and mopped up the mess they'd made. She didn't realize until they were almost done that this morning's horror had faded during their long shower. Earlier today, water had been her enemy. How healing it was to reacquaint herself with water as a friend. She didn't know if Fletch had meant to do that, but she wouldn't be surprised. He had depths she'd suspected but had never seen so clearly before in the months she'd known him.

She handed him a pile of soggy towels. "We should go see Janis."

"We should. That's a great idea. Herman sent me a text saying she was doing fine, but I'd like to check it out myself. I'll get your clothes."

And her clothes would be dry by now. Even though Fletch could be spontaneous, he also kept track of things, like knowing her clothes needed to go into the dryer before they took their shower. That kind of attention to detail impressed her and fostered her trust.

He returned quickly with her jeans, shirt, and underwear. He'd dried the bra, but she wasn't about to complain. A guy wouldn't think of air-drying anything, and they didn't have time for that, anyway. She was grateful for the warm, clean clothes.

"I won't be able to take vital signs for Janis or Buddy," she said as she pulled up her jeans and fastened the snap. "But I should be able to confirm whether all is well, even without my instruments."

"I look forward to hearing your professional opinion."

The huskiness in his voice made her glance up. He gazed at her bare br**sts with a soft glow of desire in his eyes. On cue, her n**ples tightened.

"Sorry." He looked away. "You're just so beautiful. I'm sort of obsessed with your nak*d body. Hope you don't mind."

"I don't mind, but under the circumstances, you probably shouldn't try to operate heavy machinery."

He laughed so hard he had to wipe tears from his eyes. "You are a kick, Astrid Lindberg."

"I am?" She'd never thought of herself that way. Intelligent, yes. Reasonably good-looking. Efficient. But no one had ever accused her of being a kick. She liked it.

"You absolutely are. I never know what's going to come out of that luscious mouth of yours." He put on his shirt. "That reminds me that during certain events this afternoon, you made some dire threats against my person."

Arching her back, she hooked her bra in place. "I did, didn't I?" She tried to be nonchalant about it, but remembering the circumstances under which she'd made those threats caused her to throb with longing. Moisture gathered between her thighs, and her n**ples ached.

"So what I want to know is ..." He paused to tuck his shirt into his jeans. "Were those idle threats or serious ones?"

"Very serious ones."

"Thank God, because if you want to know my overriding fantasy, it involves your mouth and my cock."

She sucked in a breath. "You're a terrible tease, Fletcher Grayson."

"So they say." He didn't seem worried about it.

"We're headed down to the barn to check on your mare and her foal. You know damned well I'll think about that the whole time we're down there."

"You will? That's awesome. And, bonus, you won't be called upon to operate any heavy machinery."

She grabbed her shirt and stuck her tongue out at him.

"Wow, a preview. Now I'm really excited."

She finished buttoning her shirt and started toward the door. "Not me. I'm cool as a cucumber."

"Liar. Even though you're wearing a bra and a shirt, I can see your n**ples poking out."

She glanced back at him. "And I can see the bulge in your pants, hotshot. Shall we go, or can you walk?"

"I can walk just fine." He winced, but he kept his stride steady as they left the house and stepped outside. The afternoon had been cooled a little by the rain, but some late sunshine had made the air muggy.

Astrid glanced around as they walked the short distance from the house to the barn, which was three times the size. Fletch had put the bulk of his money there, which made sense because he was only one guy who didn't need much space, and his future success was tied to the horses he housed in the barn. "Where is everybody?" she asked. "The place seems deserted."

"We feed early on Sunday so everyone can take off and have time for personal business."

"That's a nice thing to do for your hands, but I'll bet you stick around and keep an eye on things."

"It's my ranch." He said it with pride.

"Guess I'll need to come out and visit you on Sundays, then." That would suit her better, anyway. Better for her to hang out with him than the other way around.

His glance was quick and intense. "You'll do that?"

"Yeah, I'll do that."

His smile took her breath away. "Good."

She felt a pang of guilt. No telling where this was going, but she could tell they were both becoming invested very quickly. Maybe eventually she'd be able to tell him about her background, and maybe he'd be okay with it. Maybe her parents would understand that he was not a fortune hunter, and they wouldn't subject him to the third degree.

And maybe none of that would work out, and the relationship would crash and burn. But she couldn't give him up. Not yet. They might tire of each other, and that would solve everything. Fat chance. She was as likely to tire of Fletch Grayson as Janis was likely to win the Kentucky Derby.

He fished a key out of his pocket and opened the padlock securing the double doors into the barn. He left the doors open so the late afternoon sun could light their way as they walked back to the foaling stall. Astrid thought of all that had happened since she'd left this barn mere hours ago. She couldn't regret any of it.

Mother and son lay in a bed of clean straw. Janis was awake and alert, and Buddy was curled against her side, fast asleep. His coat looked good, and his breathing was even.

"Hey, girl." Fletch spoke to Janis. "Nice kid you got there."

Janis nickered, but she didn't get up, as if she didn't want to disturb her sleeping baby.

"I have the feeling she's ready to settle in for the night," Astrid murmured.

"Me, too." Fletch slipped his arm around Astrid's waist and drew her close to his side. "Messing with them now seems wrong. Janis has it under control."

"She looks calm. No signs of distress."

"That's what Herman said, but I like seeing for myself. Look at those identical white socks on her and Buddy. I'm stoked about that."

"They'll be a photogenic pair." Wrapping her arm around his waist, Astrid snuggled against him and enjoyed the shared moment of contemplating mother and foal. "I'm surprised you haven't piped rock tunes into the barn."

"Don't laugh. I thought about it. But the hands are into country. I could get away with some crossover tunes, but they'd rather have Johnny Cash than Fats Domino. I decided to scrap the concept for now."

"Except you're the boss. You could pipe in whatever you wanted."

"Well, yeah, but what's the fun in that? It's tough to get good work out of unhappy ranch hands."

"So your goal is to make everyone happy, so they'll perform better?"

"Yep. Not very complicated. But you have to remember that my parents were both teachers. I grew up on behavior modification techniques."

"It's a smart approach, Fletch. I predict great things for the Rocking G."

He glanced down at her. "That means a lot to me."

She met his gaze, and the atmosphere crackled. Maybe one day they wouldn't look at each other and feel this sexual tension, but that day hadn't arrived yet. His lack of inhibition had made her bolder, and she licked her lips. "Hey, there, gorgeous. Any dark corners in this barn?"

His throat moved in a slow swallow. "Could be."

"Care to direct me to one?"

"I'd be a fool not to." With his arm securely around her waist, he pulled her away from the foaling stall and guided her down the aisle to an empty stall shrouded in darkness. "Will this do?"

"Looks perfect." She reached out and unlatched the stall door. "Come with me, cowboy."

Moments later, she knelt in the fresh stray and drew his zipper down. "About those threats ..."

His breathing rasped in the silence broken only by the restless movement of horses. "Lady, you're full of surprises."

"Gonna stop me?"

"Not on your life."

Seven

Among the new experiences Fletch had discovered with Astrid, getting a bl*w j*b in the privacy of his barn was high on his list of favorites. He'd never look at this particular stall the same way again.

But the ecstasy he'd enjoyed in the barn was short-lived. As they walked back to the house, arms around each other, cozy as could be, he asked her what she wanted him to cook for dinner.

"I should probably go home."

The joy seeped right out of him. "Why?"

She laughed. "Because I live there."

"I know, but why not spend the night here? I'll drive you back in the morning. We can leave as early as you want."

Even though she'd alluded to coming back to visit him on Sundays, that was a week away, and so much could happen in a week. She could change her mind, for example. He didn't want her to leave yet. One more night in his bed would solidify their relationship a little more.

"I'm tempted to stay." She snuggled closer as they reached the steps leading up to his front door. "But tomorrow will be crazy. I'll have to rent a vehicle, cancel the appointments I can't keep, get the insurance paperwork rolling, order new sup-"

"I have a truck you can borrow. In fact, you can take mine and I'll drive the clunker until you get wheels." Wow, was he a genius or what? Loaning her his truck would keep them connected.

"That's extremely generous, Fletch, but there's a small problem. My driver's license is somewhere downstream."

"Oh. Right. You'll need someone to take you down to the DMV tomorrow. If you need-"

"I'll ask my friend Melanie to take me. She can also drop me off at the rental place later."

"You're sure you don't want to borrow my truck instead?" It was a last-ditch effort, and he knew she didn't really need the truck. Her insurance would cover a rental.

"Thanks, but I'll be fine. I just need a ride home. I hate to make you go all the way to my clinic and back, especially because you'll have to take the long route, but I don't have much choice."

"I don't mind." He turned her to face him. "But I sure wish you'd stay tonight. You won't be able to accomplish anything until tomorrow morning, anyway. Like I said, I'll take you back nice and early. Nobody has to be the wiser."

She sighed. "I realize that, but I still think it's better if you take me back now."

"Why? Who will know when you pull in?"

"Me."

He blew out a breath. "I'm beginning to understand. If you leave now, you can explain your activities with a clear conscience."

"Exactly. I'll make the obligatory calls to family and friends tonight. I'll say it took a while for me to recover from almost drowning, which is true. Then you drove me home. I won't be telling the whole truth, but I won't be lying, either. If I stay tonight ... well, I can't make those calls, and explaining where I've been all this time would be ... awkward."

He wondered who she answered to. Her parents? Another man? His gut clenched. "Astrid, if there's a guy in the picture, I deserve to know that."

"No guy. Just friends and family."

"And they would disapprove of you spending the night with me?"

She didn't answer right away. "Maybe," she said at last. "In any case, you said yourself that this is our business. That's why you didn't tell Herman I was coming back home with you, remember?"

"Yeah, I remember." He'd wanted to protect their privacy then, when everything was new and tenuous. He hadn't been sure how things would go between them. But they'd had a terrific time, both in and out of bed, and now he didn't care who knew they were involved.

But she did. Although that might have to do with him being a client, he couldn't shake the suspicion that her caution stemmed from something else. If he kept probing, he might find out, and he might not like it.

Pushing the matter now didn't seem like a good idea. They'd had some good times, and now she wanted to leave. He had to let her go and hope that when they met again, they'd be on the same footing as they had been today.

He released her. "Guess I'd better get the keys and a couple of rags. The seat's still a mess."

***

The ride back to her clinic and the apartment she'd had the contractor build above it was largely silent. Fletch wasn't happy with her decision to keep their relationship secret, and she didn't blame him. He'd saved her from drowning, and something that dramatic eliminated any vet-client barriers between them. No one would condemn them for forging a bond over that life-threatening episode.

Consequently, she couldn't trot out that excuse anymore, which left her with no obvious reason to conceal her liaison with Fletcher Grayson. She'd boxed herself into a corner and wasn't sure how to get out without causing pain for both of them. She could deal with her own pain, but she hated the idea of inflicting it on him.

For six months she'd allowed him to believe that she was a struggling veterinarian much as he was a struggling horse breeder. Now that they'd become lovers, she didn't know how to tell him that she was the daughter of one of the richest families in Dallas. Or that her parents wouldn't be overjoyed that she was seeing a rancher who operated on a slim margin of profit.

She could imagine the conversation she'd have with her parents. Her mother would advise her to end the relationship before things got sticky. Her father, an overbearing man who assumed he ruled the world, might take it upon himself to pay Fletch a visit to explain why he should give up this romance. Medieval though the gesture might be, her father was capable of offering Fletch money to stay away from his daughter.

She shuddered at the indignities Fletch might endure because of her. He had no idea, and that was entirely her fault. She wanted to protect him, at least until she figured out what she was going to do. Somehow, some way, she had to tell him the truth about her background, and she didn't know how on Earth she'd do that.

When he pulled up in front of the clinic, a light shone from her upstairs apartment. She'd put a lamp on a timer so that she wouldn't ever have to walk into darkness. That lamp was a Tiffany that probably cost more than Fletch cleared in a month.

The rest of her furniture was equally pricey. But common courtesy dictated that she should invite him to come up, and she just had to hope he didn't notice that she was surrounded by expensive items. The apartment was relatively small, so maybe he wouldn't think much about what was in it.

She'd grown up with nice things and had been taught to have expensive taste. She hadn't thought twice about buying a high-quality sofa and chairs, along with a gorgeous cherry dining set. The art on her walls was original, her china Wedgwood, her glassware Baccarat.

As she led Fletch up the interior stairway to her apartment, she told herself that guys usually didn't notice such things, especially if they weren't used to seeing them. Last year she'd dated a commodities trader with a hefty bank account, and he'd commented on everything in her apartment. Then he'd proven that although he knew how to make money, he had no clue how to make love.

Astrid's mother and father had heartily approved of Edward, the commodities trader, who'd kissed like an oxygen-deprived trout and had cold hands and a scrawny chest. All the money in the world wouldn't make up for that combination in her bed on a chilly winter night. She'd said as much to her mother, who had promised to help her find a billionaire who was a good kisser, had warm hands, and sported a manly chest.

But since then Astrid had discovered a rancher who had all those attributes and even more important ones-like compassion and honesty. But he was minus the hefty bank account, so her parents would assume he was after her money. Acceptance would be very slow in coming, if it ever came at all. Meanwhile Fletch would be subjected to scrutiny he didn't deserve.

"I'll make us some coffee," she said as she topped the stairs. "And I have some shrimp in the refrigerator, and some leftover risotto. We could make a quick meal out of that."

"Fancy eats." He climbed the stairs behind her, his boots noisy on the wooden steps. "But you don't have to feed me. Coffee's fine. I could use a little caffeine for the drive back."

This was the point at which she should invite him to stay, but if she did that, her plan to call friends and family tonight would go out the window. And she'd be forced to disguise her behavior even more.

"At least stay for some food," she said. "You fixed me brunch, so let me offer you a little dinner." She walked into the apartment, flicking on lights as she went. "It's the least I can do."

"Maybe you should just give me coffee."

His tone suggested she might want to take stock of the situation. He stood in her small living area, feet planted, his Stetson shading his eyes, his hands at his sides. He looked tense.

She had a good idea what was bothering him, but she asked him anyway. "Why not stay for some dinner?"

His chest heaved. "We're alone in this apartment. I don't have my hands on the wheel, so I want them to be on you."

Heat washed over her. "I don't have any ... I'm not prepared with ..."

His laugh was rough with desire. "You think I left that to chance?"

"No, I guess you wouldn't." She swallowed. If she brought a real man into this apartment, she could expect that he'd act like one, with no hesitation whatsoever. That thrilled her right down to her toes.

"So the way I see it, we have two choices. You can make some coffee and I'll pretend that I'm not thinking of stripping you nak*d and taking you on the first available surface, or you can heat up the shrimp and risotto, and we'll settle in for the night. Up to you."

"Or ..." She walked around the sofa to stand in front of him. "You can strip me nak*d and take me on the first available surface, and we can have shrimp and risotto later."

With a groan, he swept her up in his arms with such force that his hat tumbled to the floor. "Where's your bedroom?"

"First door on the right." Once again, she was being carried to bed, and she was growing fond of the custom. A night-light from the attached bath filtered in just enough that he could find the bed without stumbling.

He didn't toss her down this time. He laid her on the comforter with great care. She sensed that he wouldn't be as reckless when it wasn't his house.

Then he undressed her slowly, interspersing the process with many kisses. He did it well, but then, he knew the territory and he knew the clothes. He'd laundered them himself earlier today.

When he was finished, he stood and made short work of removing his own clothes, but not before he fished a condom out of his jeans pocket.

As the wrapping crinkled, she couldn't help laughing. "And I thought you went to fetch your keys and cleaning rags."

"A condom doesn't take up much room in a guy's pocket." The latex snapped as he sheathed himself. "And tucking one in there for good measure is never a bad idea."

"No." She opened her arms and welcomed him. "It's not." And then he was there, filling her the way only Fletch could do. His warm body covered hers, and she wondered how she'd ever imagined sending him away with nothing more than a cup of coffee.

He settled into the sweet rhythm they'd discovered worked for them, and she rose to meet him as glorious tension filled her with anticipation. For this, she would risk most anything. But she didn't want to risk Fletch's pride.

His breath warmed her ear as he thrust deep. "Way better than coffee."

"Yes." She arched into his embrace. "Way better." And she came with such abandon that she surprised herself with her wild cries.

"I like that," he said, breathing hard. "I like when you go a little crazy. It makes me ... go crazy ... too ..." Pumping fast, he found his orgasmic bliss and cried out as he shuddered against her.

She held him fast for long moments after that and wondered how she'd ever imagined they would not make love here. The passion between them ran too deep. Besides, Fletch had a need to position himself in her world, and this was an obvious way to do it.

That need worried her, because it would put him on a collision course with reality. She had to find a way to tell him about the money, the incredible wealth, but she wouldn't come out looking very good during that confession. She wanted to keep his good opinion of her, and that seemed impossible.

So she put off the telling, and fed him shrimp and risotto, along with good strong coffee, and sent him back to the ranch with many lingering kisses. The sex and the food seemed to have distracted him from his surroundings, and she gave thanks for that.

When his truck pulled away, she watched from her second-story window as the red taillights disappeared. Then she crossed to her landline phone, speed-dialed her mother, and prepared to give a very edited version of her weekend.

Eight

Astrid had known from the minute she called Melanie to beg for some chauffeur service that she'd spill her guts about Fletch. Melanie Shaw was one of Astrid's two best friends in the world, the other being Valerie Wolitzky. They'd joined the same sorority in college, and because they were all only children, they'd bonded like the true sisters they'd each always wished for.

Their personalities complimented one another and they became inseparable. Big-hearted Melanie, with wide gray eyes and hair she described as plain brown, was the nurturer in the group. Astrid was the driven one, out to prove that she was more than a rich socialite, while red-headed Val was the brain who'd gone on to law school.

After graduation they'd all remained in the Dallas area, which meant they could continue to see each other often. Melanie had grown up on a small ranch and continued to work for her dad, but she'd recently become engaged to billionaire Drew Eldridge. Melanie was the perfect person to give advice about how to navigate financial inequality in a relationship.

"Maybe your rancher guy would be fine knowing you're rich," Melanie said as they waited their turn at the DMV.

"Maybe. But I wish I'd told him in the beginning." Astrid sighed. "I didn't, though. In fact, I took pains to disguise it. I'm afraid that if I tell him now, I'll seem dishonest."

"You have to tell him, though." Melanie's gray eyes filled with compassion. "I know it won't be easy, but if you really like him ..."

"I really like him."

Melanie smiled. "You should see how you light up when you say that. In all the years I've known you, I haven't seen that expression when you talked about a guy. I'm excited for you."

"My parents won't be. So let's say I manage to admit I'm wealthy without driving him away. You know what comes next. I have to introduce him to my mom and dad."

"But he's a hero, right? He saved you! They must want to meet him."

"Oh, they do. They want to give him money. He'd be so insulted. Before I take him over there, I have to convince them not to do that, or it will be a complete disaster."

"I agree." Melanie nodded. "Ix-nay on the oney-may."

"As I said, they're excited to meet him, but as my rescuer. If I introduce him as my boyfriend, they'll roll up the red carpet immediately."

"Okay, I know something about this scenario. Drew's parents weren't thrilled with our engagement, either. But here's the bonus. Drew stood strong in the face of their disapproval. If I hadn't been in love with him before, I would have fallen like a ton of bricks when he proudly told his mother and father that he was the luckiest guy in the world to have me as a fiancee. And because he really feels that way, his folks are coming around."

Astrid thought about that. "It's a good point. I guess they mostly want me to be happy."

"That's right, and when you demonstrate how happy Fletch makes you, and they get to know him and realize he's not after your money, everything will be okay. Besides, he didn't know about your money when he first became interested in you. You can tell them that, too."

"I will, but I swear, if my father makes one snide remark-"

"Don't let him get away with that. Be strong." Her gaze was steady. "It's your life."

Astrid regarded her friend with new respect. "That trip to Paris stiffened your spine, didn't it, girlfriend?"

"It did. I wish you and Val had gone like we'd planned, but-"

"Then you wouldn't have discovered your own strength, or met Drew. It worked out the way it was meant to."

"And this will, too."

Astrid groaned. "I still don't know how to tell him I'm wealthy. And after I do, even if he seems okay with it, will there be awkwardness?"

"Like what?"

"Well, in your case, you just moved into Drew's elegant home. If Fletch and I decide to be together, then how do we handle the fact that I'm used to pricier digs than he is?"

"I do like Drew's home and I was happy to move there. But how do you want to handle it?"

Astrid thought about Fletch's house-the simple lines, the rock fireplace, and especially his big bed. She smiled as the truth dawned. "I could be very happy in his house. Maybe he'd want some of my furniture and maybe not. I wouldn't really care. I don't need expensive furniture. Having it is more habit than anything."

Melanie laughed. "I know. You've never been a snob. I can't imagine why you're worried about different lifestyles. You live way below your means. Your parents don't, but who cares? It's your-"

"It's my life. I get it. I get it!"

"Yay! Problem solved! The two of you can have a blast shopping at big-box furniture stores."

Astrid winced. "Maybe not."

"Okay, estate sales, then."

"That's more like it. But there's something else. He operates on a very slim profit margin. Sometimes he goes without one thing so he can afford another. I could change all that, and I'd want to help him prosper, but how would he feel about accepting money from me?"

"One way to find out." Melanie chuckled. "Astrid, you can bat this around for as long as you want and look at it six ways to Sunday, but until you actually talk to him, you'll have no idea how he'll react. My advice is to just do it."

"It's good advice."

"So when will you talk to him?"

Astrid took a shaky breath. "Once everything's straightened out from the accident."

Melanie looked as if she wanted to say something, but she held her tongue.

Astrid had known her long enough that she could guess what her friend wasn't saying, though. Mel didn't think putting off the conversation was a good idea. "I have to get this stuff under control, Mel. I don't even have a phone yet. I couldn't call him if I wanted to."

"Do you know his number?"

"As it happens, I do." She hadn't memorized many phone numbers, but somehow his had stuck in her mind. Imagine that.

"I have a phone. You could arrange to meet him for lunch."

Astrid's stomach churned as she contemplated putting everything on the line right away. She wasn't ready. "Twenty-four hours isn't going to make that much difference. Then I'll have my ducks in a row, at least mostly, and I can think more clearly about how I want to broach the subject."

"All righty." Melanie gave her a quick hug. "It's your life."

***

Janis and Buddy were in great shape. Herman and the other two hired hands had everything under control at the Rocking G. The insurance adjuster had evaluated the collapsed bridge and the paperwork on that was in process.

Although Fletch could always find something to do-a horse that needed exercising, a fence post that wobbled, some research online as he mapped out his breeding program in more detail-nothing seemed pressing enough to demand his immediate attention. He knew exactly why that was. He was still focused on Astrid and wondered how she was progressing with all her issues.

He'd thought about calling, but she might not have picked up a new cell phone yet. Besides, he didn't want to appear needy, even though he was, a little bit. He told himself she'd contact him and set a time to see him, at least by next Sunday ... but that seemed like forever. By Sunday he might be a raving lunatic.

Yesterday he'd been convinced they'd eliminated any obstacles to having a relationship. But today he wasn't at all sure about that. Her manner told him obstacles still existed, and if he had to guess, he'd say her parents' opinion constituted at least one of them.

He couldn't imagine why, unless they were extremely conservative about sex before marriage. After giving the matter more thought, he decided that must be it. She hadn't wanted to discuss her parents with him, possibly out of loyalty to their beliefs, and maybe because she wasn't honoring those beliefs.

So he'd help her work around that issue, but in order to do that, they had to discuss it. In order to discuss it, he had to talk with her, preferably face-to-face. He hated to think that wouldn't happen until Sunday.

Astrid was the only person he could talk to about their relationship, since he'd promised to keep it quiet. That promise had boxed him in more than he'd realized when he'd made it. He had a couple of close friends from high school, and either one of them would gladly listen to him rant about his frustration ... but he'd told Astrid he wouldn't do that.

By early afternoon he was desperately seeking an outlet for his restlessness. Finally he came up with one, grabbed his keys, and climbed in his truck. He was curious about the condition of her truck, and the sheriff's department had given him the name of the yard where it was being kept. He'd drive over and check it out.

As he navigated the muddy back roads he was required to take because of the collapsed bridge, he told himself visiting the yard was a good idea. She'd probably been attached to that truck. He certainly was to his. Seeing it all beat up would upset her, and if he'd seen it, too, he'd be better equipped to understand and console her.

Damn, she'd probably need consoling, too, especially when she first saw the truck. He hoped she wouldn't go to the yard by herself. That would be really depressing, and he wanted to cushion the blow.

She hadn't asked him, though. It hadn't escaped his notice that she hadn't asked him to help her at all. She'd called on her friend Melanie, and that was okay, but he would have liked to have been involved.

When he located the yard, he parked his truck next to the high chain-link fence and climbed out. He was no stranger to yards like this. A guy in need of a replacement bumper or fender could often find one at a reasonable price in these establishments. That kind of search had the excitement of a treasure hunt built in.

Today, though, he was looking for a wrecked truck that had been in fine shape early yesterday morning, and that produced a whole different feeling. Now that he was here, he wasn't as interested in viewing the damage as he'd thought he'd be. He'd do it, though, for Astrid's sake.

"Can I help you?" A thin guy wearing a white T-shirt, worn jeans, and a baseball cap walked out of a small shack near the entrance to the yard.

"I wanted to take a look at a truck that came in yesterday. White crew cab, went into the water up by the Rocking G."

"Oh, yeah." The guy glanced at the side of Fletch's truck, obviously noticing the Rocking G brand. "Were you there?"

"I was."

"You just missed the owner. She was here not thirty minutes ago."

Fletch swore under his breath. If he'd followed his instincts sooner, he might have met her here. Then again, she might not have appreciated that. God knows he didn't want her to think he was turning into a damned stalker.

"The insurance adjuster's already been out, too, but that doesn't surprise me. After all, she's a Lindberg."

"Excuse me?"

"A Lindberg." The guy peered at him from under the brim of his cap. "Apparently that doesn't mean anything to you."

"Not really, other than it's her last name."

"I might not know about the family, either, except a few years ago her daddy wrecked a Lamborghini, and they towed it here."

"Did you say Lamborghini?" Fletch didn't know much about luxury cars, but he recognized that name.

"Yep. Worth more than a million bucks. Totaled. Man, I hated to see that fine piece of machinery all torn up. He was lucky to walk away from it. Anyway, a car like that makes an impression. Now the name Lindberg rings a bell whenever I hear it."

"I'll bet." A million bucks. For a car. His mind made such a sharp U-turn that he felt a little dizzy. Her parents weren't conservative people who disapproved of premarital sex. They were filthy rich, which meant Astrid was filthy rich, too.

Now everything made sense. He'd known she was hesitant about committing to their relationship. After learning this critical bit of information, one she'd failed to impart, the reason became painfully obvious. She was rich and he was not.

Anger sat in his chest, hard and hot, burning away all the tender feelings he'd had for her. What was he to her? The equivalent of a pool boy? Oh, she'd liked the sex well enough. He didn't doubt that. She might have figured that a once-a-week romp would be fun for awhile. But she'd had no intention of letting it go beyond a casual affair.

"Still want to see her truck?"

Fletch stared at him. He'd forgotten the guy was standing there. "No." He glanced up at the sun and estimated the time to be about three. "I need to get going."

"You're sure? It's just right over yonder." He gestured toward the fence.

Fletch looked, and sure enough, he could see the front half of the truck. It was sitting behind a bashed-in yellow van. "Yeah, okay. Why not?"

"I mean, you drove here, so you might as well." The guy unlocked the gate and led the way through it. "She told me she jumped free."

"Yep." The image flashed through his mind and clutched at his heart. It probably always would when he thought of it. From now on, he'd do his best not to.

"Good thing she jumped. You get trapped in the vehicle when it goes in, you're done for. Maybe she has her old man's luck when it comes to things like that."

"Could be."

"I'm sort of surprised that she's a vet, though. You'd think she'd go into finance, like her daddy."

"She would hate that." He hadn't meant to say the words out loud.

"So you know her pretty well, then?"

"She's my vet." Or at least she used to be. He planned to fire her, right after he gave her a piece of his mind.

"So you must be the guy who pulled her out of the water."

"That's me."

"You could be in for a reward, then. Her parents must be plenty grateful. You probably saved her life."

Fletch shrugged. "Maybe."

"Listen, take my advice. Don't be shy. The Lindbergs are loaded, and if they offer you a reward for saving their only child, why not accept it? Unless you already have more money than you know what to do with."

"Nope." He laughed at the irony of it all. "I'm just a regular working stiff, trying to make ends meet."

"That's what I'm saying. Take the money."

"I'll think about it." He should, too, if a reward came his way. His knee-jerk response was that he didn't want their stinkin' money. Accepting money for doing what was right wasn't his style.

But he had so many plans for expanding his ranch, and if a cash reward would help him do that, he shouldn't let stupid pride stand in his way. Yeah, he'd take the money. Just so long as Astrid wasn't the one who delivered it. After he'd tracked her down this afternoon, or tonight, or whenever he got his chance to say his piece, he never wanted to see her again.

Nine

By five o'clock, Astrid was able to head home in her rented truck, which was stocked with some basic medical supplies so that the next day she'd be able to catch up on the appointments she'd had to cancel. She had a new phone, and her insurance adjuster was on the case. She didn't have to wait for insurance money to buy a new truck, but she wasn't up to doing it today.

Instead she was looking forward to a warm bath, a glass of wine, and, eventually, a phone call to Fletch. She was still debating when and where to meet him tomorrow, but she'd figure that out while she soaked in the tub. He'd be expecting a call from her anyway. He'd want to know how she made out with all her errands, and she missed talking to him.

Seeing his truck parked in front of her clinic startled her. He hadn't tried to call. She'd had her phone activated since early afternoon. Yet here he was.

As she approached, he got out, closed the cab door, and leaned against the front fender, arms crossed. His Stetson shaded his face, so she couldn't read his expression, but his body language was clear enough. He was angry.

Her heart began to pound. Only one thing could cause that kind of response. Somehow he'd found out about the money.

Mouth dry and pulse racing, she stopped her truck. Her hand shook as she turned the key, shutting off the motor. What now? Could she make him understand why she hadn't told him?

Saying a little prayer that she could appeal to that gentle, caring side of him, she climbed down from the rental truck and walked toward him. When he didn't come to meet her, she understood just how angry he must be. He'd always been so glad to see her.

Not now. The closer she came, the more she realized how rigid his body was. Finally she gazed into his eyes, and her spirit shrank. He'd never looked at her like that, with eyes so cold that she shivered.

"Fletch, I can explain."

"Really?" His tone was as cold as his eyes. "I'll be fascinated to hear what you come up with. Were you ever going to tell me? Or were you just stringing me along until you got tired of the sex?"

She gasped, the breath going out of her as if he'd punched her in the stomach. "That's what you think? That all I cared about was sex?"

"Obvious, isn't it? I know you liked that part, but whenever I tried to establish something more concrete between us, you shied away. At first you claimed it was because I was a client. Was that ever true, or just a ploy?"

"It was true!" Her heart cracked right down the middle. "I value my professional reputation."

"I can't imagine why it matters. You don't need the money."

Her hand connected with his cheek before she realized she was going to slap him. She stepped back, horrified that she'd done such a thing. But her work was so important to her, and he'd implied she didn't really care about it.

A red mark branded his cheek, but he didn't act as if he'd felt a thing. "You're a good vet," he said. "I'll give you that. But you're no longer my vet."

"Fletch, don't do this. I was going to tell you. I just didn't know how. Everything happened so fast."

"I knew you for six months before that everything took place. You could have given me a hint, some little sign, so that I wouldn't make a fool of myself worrying about whether your business stayed in the black."

"I don't like to advertise it, and I made a point of not telling anyone in my practice. You were no different."

He flinched for the first time. "Apparently not. Except that I'm good in bed, so that came in handy."

"Stop! It's not only sex between us! Don't say these awful things. We've shared so much!"

"I thought so, too, but where was it going, Astrid? I'm not in your league, and you knew that from the start. You could have told me so. All I can figure is you wanted to satisfy your curiosity and scratch that itch."

"No! That's not fair. I told you I'd decided not to go to bed with you. You were the one convinced it would happen."

"Yeah." He sounded more weary than angry now. "But I was operating on false information. The thing is, I knew something wasn't right, and I ignored the warning signals. My bad. It doesn't matter. It's over."

"Don't say that. I was going to call you tonight and set up a meeting for tomorrow. I was going to tell you then."

"So you could give me the brush-off? Hey, I've saved you the trouble."

"You're furious with me, and I understand that, but I wanted to tell you. Like I said, I couldn't figure out how."

He gazed at her, his expression blank. "Now I know."

"How did you find out?"

"Not that it matters, but I went to the yard to see your truck. I thought it might help if I-well, never mind that. The guy at the yard told me about your dad's Lamborghini. After that, the puzzle pieces fell into place."

"You went to see my truck?" She'd never dreamed he would do such a thing.

"Crazy, isn't it? I had some idea that seeing the damage would help me to comfort you. I thought you'd be upset. Stupid of me, but I wasn't in the know."

"I was upset."

"Why? You can replace it without batting an eye."

She stared at him, and her own anger rose to meet his. "You're like everyone else, assuming that just because someone has the money to replace things, they don't care if they're destroyed. You're spouting the same cliches I've heard all my life. Well, screw you."

"I think you already did."

"That's crude."

"I feel crude at the moment. So sue me. But you won't get much. As you know, I don't have a lot of ready cash."

"Okay, then! Be a jackass and let this money thing come between us! I thought maybe you'd be different, but you're not."

"Nope." He unfolded his arms and pushed away from the fender. "I'm just your average guy." He walked around to the driver's side and opened the door.

"You're not average! You saved my life!"

"I would have done that for anyone." Closing the door, he started the engine, backed the truck out, and drove away.

She stood in the parking area, her arms wrapped tight around her body. Her chest hurt so much that she had trouble breathing. Apparently this was what heartbreak felt like. She'd always laughed when people said money couldn't buy happiness. It had been her friend for a long time. But it wasn't her friend now.

***

Fletch spent the first half of the drive home nursing his righteous anger and listening to Chubby Checker, turned up really loud. He spent the second half in silence, haunted by the devastation in Astrid's blue eyes. He'd been so harsh, but damn it, she'd used him.

Hadn't she?

Well, it was true she hadn't come on to him. He'd been the one who'd kissed her. Yes, but she could have told him then. She could have said, Fletch, there's something you don't know about me. I'm one of the richest girls in Dallas.

He tried to picture her saying such a thing and couldn't. She wasn't the type. Although she might have more money than God, she didn't act like it.

Which should have told him that the money wasn't all that important to her.

But it was there, and it wouldn't melt overnight or be absorbed in some Ponzi scheme so that she'd suddenly be on the same financial footing as he was. Wishing that she didn't have the money was ridiculous, anyway. She might be using that money to finance her clinic, and for all he knew she did a lot of pro bono work because she didn't have to make a huge profit.

She wouldn't tell him that, of course. That might be what wounded him most of all. She hadn't trusted him with the information about her wealth, as if she thought he'd go off the deep end if he found out.

Which he had.

She'd told him he was no different from everyone else. He believed all the cliches about rich people. He'd demonstrated that prejudice beautifully tonight, hadn't he? He'd found out she was rich and had assumed the worst.

By the time he pulled up in front of the ranch house, his anger had drained away and he felt like crap for beating up on her like that. But the truth was, he didn't really know how she felt about him. She'd planned to tell him, she'd said, but would knowing have made any difference really? She still might have viewed their affair as temporary fun. She'd said nothing to contradict that.

He didn't feel like going into the house, so he left his truck and walked down to the barn. Horses had always calmed him. Even though he associated Janis and Buddy with Astrid, he drifted toward the foaling stall. Maybe he was a glutton for punishment.

Janis was munching her evening oats, and Buddy came over on his stilt-like legs to investigate Fletch. Fletch stroked the sweet baby's nose and told him what a great stallion he would become someday. Astrid had made this birth possible, and Fletch couldn't forget that as he scratched Buddy's soft coat.

Another vet might have pushed for a C-section, which would've been more costly-more profit for the vet-and might have resulted in all kinds of complications. Astrid had hung on for the natural approach, letting Janis work it out herself. Fletch realized it could have backfired, but he'd been with Astrid on that. If the decision had been wrong, they would have shared the blame.

We've shared so much.

They had, and none of it had to do with being rich or poor. It had been all about the love of animals and a general optimistic belief that if left alone, the animals would figure out the best course of action. It was, he realized, a philosophy of animal management, but it was also a general philosophy of life. Don't push extreme measures. Wait and see. Let things unfold naturally.

Had she been trying to do that with their relationship? Then they'd been thrown into a high-pressure situation, and the natural timetable had been skewed by her plunge into the stream. He remembered that she'd driven across the bridge while thinking about him.

Janis finished her oats and came over for some petting. "What do you say, girl?" Fletch brushed her forelock out of her eyes. "Am I an idiot?"

Janis snorted and bobbed her head.

It was a typical horsey gesture, not to be interpreted in any special way, but Fletch laughed. "Could be I am. You're the expert on these things. Janis Joplin knew all about human nature."

He was officially getting slap happy, but talking to the horses was better than wandering up to the house and facing that empty king-sized bed. He looked for reasons to stay, and ended up straightening tack and sweeping the wooden aisle between the stalls.

That's where he was when Astrid walked into the barn. He saw a movement, glanced up from his sweeping, and saw her standing under an overhead light, a blond angel who made his heart leap. He dropped the broom.

"I couldn't leave it like that between us," she said.

He took a breath. "I was mean."

"Yes, you were. I didn't know you had it in you to be that mean."

"Neither did I." His chest tightened. "Apparently you get to me."

"Likewise." She stayed right where she was, not advancing, but not retreating either.

He hoped she wasn't a figment of his imagination, but she looked real enough. "For the record, I'm not automatically prejudiced against rich people."

"That's nice to hear." She took a deep breath. "But if my being rich is a problem to you, I'd rather give away every penny if that would ... would ..."

She wasn't going to move, but he did. He closed the distance between them in three strides. Stopping in front of her, he looked into her eyes. "Would what?"

She swallowed. "Would allow us to love each other."

That was all he needed. He swept her into his arms. "Loving you has nothing to do with money." Then he kissed her and poured all that he felt for her into that kiss.

With a moan, she responded, telling him without words how much he meant to her.

She'd told him all this before with her kisses, and he hadn't been willing to listen. No one surrendered like this without love in her heart. She'd cared all along. He'd been the fool who hadn't recognized it.

He kissed her, and kissed her some more. "I'm so sorry," he murmured between kisses. "I'm so sorry I doubted you."

"I'm so sorry I gave you reason to doubt." Then she wrapped her arms around him as if she would never let go.

At last he raised his head and looked into her eyes. "I love you, Astrid, and I intend to marry you. Is that a problem?"

She smiled. "No, it's a solution. If you didn't love me, I would be heartbroken, because I love you, too."

"What about your parents?"

"A very dear friend gave me some wonderful advice. She said that once they see how happy you make me, they'll come around."

"I intend to make you so happy that they'll come around really fast."

Her expression sobered. "I wasn't kidding, Fletch. If you're uncomfortable with the money, I'll get rid of it. It doesn't matter to me."

"Let's not get carried away." He hugged her tight. "If you're determined to divest yourself of your fortune, I have a suggestion for where to put it."

"Into your breeding program?"

"Yep."

"That's wonderful! I thought you wouldn't take it."

"That would be dumb, now, wouldn't it? What idiot turns his back on the prospect of making a dream come true?"

"Not me." She cradled his face in her hands.

"Not us." And instead of kissing her, he scooped her up in his arms. The barn might be great for stolen moments, but he had some serious lovemaking in mind. For that, he intended to take the love of his life inside and make use of a sturdy king-sized bed. This time, they wouldn't even have to worry about mud.

Epilogue

Wanting to share her joy with her friends, Astrid called for a girls' night out at their favorite watering hole, Golden Spurs and Stetsons, in downtown Dallas. Melanie and Val were waiting for her at their customary table near the front door when she hurried in.

They both leaped up to hug her and exclaim over how happy she looked.

"I'm beyond happy." She beamed at her friends as they settled into their chairs. "I didn't know a feeling this great even existed!"

Melanie practically bounced in her chair. "I knew it! I knew he was right for you!"

Val reached over and squeezed Astrid's hand. "Good for you, getting away from the bad kisser and going for the guy who knows how."

Astrid grinned. "Yes, ma'am, he sure does."

"Look at you." Melanie regarded her with pride. "You're positively glowing."

"And we need drinks!" Val said. "The waitress was just here, but it's busy tonight. I'd better go find her."

After she left, Astrid glanced at Mel. "It was a close call with Fletch. I should have followed your advice and told him about my family sooner. Thank God he didn't stay angry with me."

"He didn't because he loves you. And you love him."

"I do. I can't believe how much." She lowered her voice. "So how is Val taking this? Now two of us are in relationships. Is she still determined not to date anyone?"

"Yes, and I'm worried about her. That fire at the concert was horrible, I know, but she's not getting over it. I wish she'd see a therapist, but she keeps putting that off. Her paranoia is ruining her love life, and I get the feeling it's affecting her job, too."

"That's bad. I mean, when we're forced to sit at the front table every time we come here, just so she's near the door ..."

"Right. Here she comes."

Val flashed a smile as she pulled out a chair. "Talking about me, weren't you?"

"Yes." Astrid met her gaze. "We both think you should see somebody."

"I see lots of people!" Her determined smile grew brighter. "The law office is chock full of them. People everywhere."

"I mean about your issues." Astrid refused to let Val joke her way out of it. Her friend's funky clothing choices and trendy haircut made her look like a confident woman of the world. Instead, after breaking her arm during a mob scene at a concert, she'd become a scared rabbit. "This overly cautious person is not the Valerie Wolitzky I remember from college."

"That's for sure," Melanie said. "I still think about that epic trip to Six Flags our senior year. God, that was fun. We should do it again."

Val's face grew pale. "We could," she said quickly, "but you have so much to do getting ready for your wedding to Drew, and all signs point to Astrid launching into wedding planning soon, so maybe-"

"It's okay." Astrid touched her arm. "We wouldn't drag you there. Not until you're ready. But seriously, would you at least start researching therapists?"

"Sure." Val nodded. "I'll do that." But she glanced up with obvious relief when the waitress arrived to take their drink orders. Then she changed the subject.

Astrid let her, because beating her over the head about the situation wouldn't help. But she hated that Val wasn't living life to the fullest.

Now more than ever, Astrid understood how important that was. Thanks to Fletch, she was alive, in every sense of the word. She wanted that kind of joy for Val, too. If only something, or someone, would come along and jolt her out of the miserable rut she was in.

Their margaritas arrived, and Val raised her glass. "Here's to Astrid and Fletch finding each other."

"At long last," Melanie said with a smile.

"It was truly a miracle." Thanking her lucky stars, Astrid clinked glasses with Melanie and Val and sipped her drink. Then she raised it again and glanced at Val. "Here's to going for the gusto."

Val laughed. "All right, all right. I'll find a therapist. Geez." And she touched her glass to Astrid's and Melanie's.

Astrid wished she could get a time commitment on that promise, but decided not to push it tonight, which was supposed to be about celebrating, not soul-searching. Astrid had much to celebrate. She had great friends and a wonderful career, and she'd been lucky enough to find a guy who was everything she'd ever wanted. He wasn't the billionaire she'd always assumed she'd marry, but she'd learned that, for her, a cowboy was the perfect man.

