CHAPTER ONE

Julia lay back nak*d against Damien's chest, and he held her close in arms that were not entirely human.

Werewolf. Shifter. Animal.

"What are you worried about?" Damien asked, squeezing her nak*d hip. The bright light of morning washed over the tops of the pine trees above, and Julia blinked hard.

"Stop reading my thoughts," Julia said, looking up at him. His scars gleamed white in the daylight, crisscrossing over his eyes and down to his cheeks, and she wondered how it had taken her so long to notice them. Of course he had been wearing glasses before. Before she knew who he was. What he was. She shivered then, and he drew her close, feeling her shudder on his own skin.

"Not your thoughts, darling," he said, pressing a kiss to her forehead. "Your emotions. You feel frightened."

"Stop reading my emotions, then," she said. "It's not fair."

"Because you can't read mine?"

"Yes," Julia said.

"You ask me to do the impossible," Damien said. "I don't know if I could stop reading you if I tried. You're my mate."

"Try," Julia whispered, her voice small and vulnerable. "I'm thinking about the wolf you fought."

Damien's eyebrows furrowed into a frown.

"I'm sorry," he said. "Maybe we shouldn't have moved so quickly." His lips moved down from her forehead to her cheek, feathering light kisses along her jaw line. "I just couldn't stop myself once I met you. I had to have you. I needed you. I needed to do this-"

"Ohh!" Julia let out a soft moan as Damien kissed her neck just below her ear, sending shivers of pleasure throughout her body that shot from the nerve endings in her neck all the way down to her feet. Her toes curled, involuntarily.

"Let me take your mind off of the fight. Off of everything that you're worried about," Damien said. His tongue darted out and licked her skin. She inhaled sharply, her lips falling apart.

"Damien," Julia gasped.

"No more frightened thoughts," Damien whispered. His breath was hot against her nak*d skin, and he moved his mouth down to her collarbone, nipping the skin there gently, just gently enough to pinch and elicit another soft gasp. His hands moved over her body, cupping her br**sts. She forgot all of her worries at the touch of his fingers. Instinct took her body over, and she arched against him, pressing herself into his hold.

"Much better," Damien said, sitting up in order to better caress her body. His fingertips glided over her skin, stopping every few inches to rub and squeeze. The massage was delightful, but Julia could tell that he was intent on something else. What?

"Your body," Damien said, responding without hesitation to her curiosity. She swatted him on the hip with one hand.

"I said stop reading my emotions."

"I'll read your body instead," Damien said. His fingers stroked and stroked and did not stop moving over her skin. "That's what I want to know about. I want to know every beautiful inch of you. I want to feel it, memorize it."

He bent over then and licked her breast, letting his tongue press softly into the crease underneath and make its way along the curved surface up to the nipple, where it flicked lightly against the sensitive skin there. The space between her thighs grew instantly hot, clenching hard.

"Oh!" Julia cried out.

"Your body is incredible," Damien said. "I want to have you entirely. Your mind. Your love. Your body."

His words had a lilting rhythm to them, but a flash of hesitation brought her out of the trance he'd put her in.

Her body. She'd never thought of herself as beautiful. Cute, maybe, with a nice face. She'd always been the friend who tagged along when going out to bars, the adorable one with frizzy red hair who drew attention while the other girls kept it. Guys would flirt with her, but they wouldn't buy her drinks, and they always went home with one of her friends instead. As Damien moved his hands over her body, she could not help but feel wary. He could feel the lumpy parts, the excess bulges, the thickness of her thighs. Couldn't he? Even if he was blind...

"Julia, you are more beautiful than any other woman I've ever known. Don't doubt it. I want every piece of you inside of my thoughts," Damien said. "When you touch me, I want to be able to visualize it. When I take you, I want to see it in my mind."

He bent his head down and let his lips graze over Julia's stomach. It tickled a bit, but the giggles turned to moans as Damien moved down, down to the already wet slit between her legs. She groaned loudly as he pressed his tongue against her and sealed his lips around her most sensitive spot, sucking hard.

"That's my girl," Damien said. He pursed his lips and blew cool air over her aroused folds. She moved her hands down to touch herself, to cover the nak*d parts of her, but he grabbed her by the wrists and moved her hands aside.

"This might just be the most lovely part of you," Damien said, bending his head to lick her wetness. Long, deep strokes of the tongue.

She forgot the pinpricks of the pine needles on her back as he teased her into arousal again. She'd never imagined...this. That a man could want her this badly, could push his tongue inside of her, could suckle her until the earth moved under her back-this was an incredible thought. None of her friends had ever talked about boys pleasing them, just wanting to f**k them. Get his dick wet, that was the phrase her best friend had used to describe the boy at the bar that she eventually left with. But Damien's every motion seemed aimed toward one goal only: pleasing her. Perhaps it was that he could sense her feelings, he could sense the reaction that his kisses and strokes produced inside of her core.

All of this disappeared in a blinding explosion of desire as he thrust two fingers into her.

"Oh! Damien!"

The sensation pulsed through her that she was his, only his. She rocked against his hand, forcing her body upon his fingers, impaling herself. If you had asked her a week ago whether she would ever kiss a man, she would have been doubtful. Now, though, she ached to have Damien inside of her again and knew, with more certainty than she'd thought possible, that he was hers as much as she was his.

The air around her warmed her as she found her rhythm against him. His lips moved against her, his tongue licking, his mouth sucking. She did not know anymore what she felt and what she imagined, for the world was like a dream to her as she moved her hips, rolling them against his mouth as her tension built higher, higher, then erupted from deep within her core.

"Yes... yes!"

The orgasm rolled through her, different than the one before, though just as powerful. Quickly she clasped her fist into her mouth, stifling the loud cry that burst forward from her lungs as she rode the waves of pleasure into release. Her body clenched around his fingers and shuddered once, then again, and again as his tongue licked her tenderly.

Breathing hard, she could not do anything but whimper as he lay back beside her and drew her close to him in a warm embrace. Birds in the treetops sang, or perhaps it was her ears ringing from the symphony of bliss reverberating through her body. He stroked her body with his hands under she curled up to his chest, satiated.

"You're incredible," she murmured, nestling herself into his body. Dark hair lined his chest, defining the rippling muscles underneath, and she ran her fingers through the wiry strands. "Can I... can I do something for you?" She blushed and tucked her head against his shoulder even as she asked the question.

"As much as I'd love it, I should get back to my pack," Damien said.

"Take me with you," Julia said, without thinking. As she said the words, though, she knew it was the right decision.

"The wolf is there," Damien said, his voice dropping into a serious tone. "The one who tried to attack you. Do you really want to see him again?"

"I want to meet your pack," Julia said firmly. She needed to see the other shifter. She needed to know that there was nothing between Damien and Katherine, to see it herself.

"You've met them all already," Damien said, a note of modesty coming into his tone. "It's a small pack."

"I mean-I want to meet them as your mate," Julia said.

"Oh, sure. Of course. You'll have to drive me, then." Damien kissed her on the lips softly, and she wondered how much of her anxiety he could read. How much of her jealousy.

"I am yours," Damien whispered, his thumb grazing the stiff peak of her nipple. "You know that."

"Yes," Julia said. She knew. Or thought she did.

As they dressed, brushing the pine needles off of their clothes, Julia watched Damien's muscled body and tried to remember it changing-shifting-the arms and legs sprouting fur and claws. It all seemed like a dream, albeit a vivid one.

She turned to go and Damien caught her by the arm. It was a simple gesture, but one that reminded her of his acute senses. Without his eyes, he was still able to track her movements.

"Julia," Damien said. "I need to tell you something about my condition."

"Something apart from the fact that you're a werewolf?" Julia teased. Her laugh was cut short by the look on Damien's face. "What is it?"

"Shifters have a different lifespan than humans," Damien said. "Anywhere from a hundred to two hundred years."

"You don't have any old shifters in your pack, do you?" Julia asked. "Or do they just look young?"

"No, That's the thing," Damien said. "There's a price to pay for the lifespan."

Julia's heart chilled at the sound of the admonition.

"What price?"

"Shifters can only shift into human form when they're relatively young. Thirty-five, maybe forty years old. After that, it becomes harder and harder to shift out of wolf form. You become more aggressive, less able to control yourself."

"I don't understand. You're saying you'll be stuck in wolf form?"

Damien bowed his head.

"It takes energy every time I shift from one form to another, and if I go for too long as a human, I lose control. I have to shift back. In all likelihood, I'll only have another fifteen years or so before I become more wolf than man."

Julia didn't know how to reply. A numbness had set into her that she didn't understand. More wolf than man.

"I'm sorry," Damien said, squeezing her hand. "I should have told you earlier. Only-"

"Is there anything else I should know?" Julia said, smiling weakly. "Are you going to spontaneously combust every other week or so? Will your skin turns purple on Tuesdays?"

Damien laughed gently.

"Not so much," he said. "I understand if you... if you decide you can't be with me because of this. I admit, I rushed into things after I felt the Calling. It's just..."

"I don't want anyone but you," Julia whispered. There was a connection between the two of them that she had only dreamed about, and she couldn't let it go. She wouldn't leave him if she found out he had a fatal disease, after all. The idea of abandoning Damien for a life without him was repulsive to her. Why should this be any different?

"Then let's go and see the pack," Damien said, kissing her on her forehead. "And I'll introduce you as my mate."

They drove to the hotel that the pack was staying in, and as Julia pulled into the parking lot she shivered in cold anticipation.

"You can wait out here," Damien said. "The wolf-"

"He's just a shifter," Julia said. "Right?"

"Right," Damien said, but he sounded unsure.

"Then let's go," Julia said. She put on a brave face, although she knew that Damien could read her emotions, and she was feeling anything but brave just then. Or maybe that's what bravery was: being scared and not letting that stop you. She locked the car door behind her and followed Damien up the stairs and down the hall. They stopped in front of a door and Damien took Julia's hand before opening it.

Julia gasped. On a table in the middle of the room lay the wolf Damien had fought, blood staining the white sheets under him.

"Damien!" The tall, thin man with dark hair and skin came over and clasped Damien to him in an embrace. He wore an apron stained with blood, and in his hand was some kind of medical instrument, a shiny chrome tool that looked kind of like a pair of scissors.

"Jordan, you've already met my mate. This is Julia," he said.

"A pleasure, dear," Jordan said, taking her hand up and bending over to kiss it. Julia tried to repress a shudder-there was blood all over him-and swallowed hard as his beard tickled her fingers. "And you've met the rest of the pack as well. The two lovers on the couch are Kyle and Katherine."

Katherine stood up, her slim frame moving gracefully across the room with Kyle following. Both blond, they resembled each other so much that they could have been brother and sister. Katherine held out her hand boldly.

"I'm sorry about the way we met," she said. "I didn't realize you were Damien's mate."

"That's alright," Julia said, although she still bristled at the way the girl seemed to expect forgiveness as her due. Katherine had been promised to Damien as the only female in their pack, and Julia still felt threatened by how beautiful she was.

"This is my mate, Kyle," Katherine said. Kyle shook Julia's hand, his eyes averted. Julia thought that perhaps he felt worse about their initial encounter than Katherine did. As he returned to the couch, she noticed that he had a slight limp.

"How's he doing?" Damien asked Jordan, moving over to the wolf lying on the table. The wolf's chest rose and fell shallowly. Damien had a guilty expression on his face, and Julia wanted to throw her arms around him and comfort him. It's not your fault, she wanted to say. He attacked us!

"I've done my best to patch him up," Jordan said. "But it's still touch and go. I'd say he can probably survive if he's allowed to rest for a while."

"Do we have the time?" Damien asked, raising his eyebrows.

The wolf growled, and Julia jumped back, startled. Then the animal on the table began to... stretch. Grow. His arms and legs unfolded, and his face moved, morphing into something entirely different. Julia only realized what she was seeing once his fur had retreated. A nak*d man lay where the wolf had been before.

"Jesus," Jordan said. He grabbed bandages from the side table and pressed them to the man's side to staunch the newly torn wounds. "Katherine, hand me the sutures. Why would he shift now? I'd just finished the stitching-"

The man lifted his head and turned to look at Julia. His bloodshot eyes flashed gold, and he lifted his upper lip in what could only be described as a snarl. He raised his hand and pointed straight at Julia. All of the people in the room turned to look at her, all except for Damien, who reached out to take her hand. He could feel her fright, Julia was sure. There was something in his eyes that made her feel like he was the ultimate predator. And she was the prey. As he stretched his arm out to point at her, he spoke one low, growling word that chilled her to the bone.

"You."

CHAPTER TWO

As the wolf shifted into human form, Damien felt a blast of fear radiate outward from Julia, and he knew before being told that the shifter had spoken to her.

"You."

He instinctively stepped between the two of them. The words of the wolf echoed in his mind from before they had been attacked. You don't know what you're dealing with.

Jordan swallowed hard, and Damien heard the surgical instruments clatter to the floor. Every sense of his was on high alert, even with Julia's fear pumping through him.

"Who are you?" Damien asked.

"Who am I?" The shifter laughed, then coughed wetly, his voice thick with blood. "Who are you? What kind of mangled pack has a blind leader?"

"Where's your pack?" Damien asked. He could hear the hair of the shifter bristling as he shook his head.

"No pack. Not here anyway. They'll be coming."

"A loner?" Damien pressed.

"A scout."

"Scout? Scouting for what?" Damien asked.

The shifter coughed again, his breath ragged.

"I did the best I could, but I think a rib tore into his lungs," Jordan said, turning his attention from Damien to the shifter. "Do you want us to take you to the hospital? Now that you're in human form-"

"No!"

Damien stepped forward.

"You said before that you were here for Julia. Why?"

The shifter chuckled, a low, growling sound that set Damien's teeth on edge. He felt the wolf inside of him straining to come out. He wanted to rip the man's throat out. He could have spoken as a wolf, but he had shifted, making himself weaker than ever, just to speak with Julia. Why?

"She's not... she's not what you think she is," the shifter said. His voice now was barely a whisper.

"You need more help than I can give you," Jordan said. "Damien, if we can get him to the emergency room-"

"What do you mean?" Damien asked. He would not let the shifter away that easily. "Why were you after her?"

"You'll find out soon enough," the shifter said. "It's been... it's been too long. Let me die as a wolf. Bury me... bury me as a wolf."

Damien heard him shift before he felt Julia's shock, the bones crackling in low pops as he moved back to his wolf form.

"No!" Jordan cried. "You're too weak to shift! You'll-"

Damien heard the rattling breath of the shifter, the low snarl and final exhale as the shifter died on the table in front of him. Standing beside him, Julia was aghast with terror.

"He didn't even make it all the way back to wolf form," Katherine said softly. They were the first words she had spoken since the shifter had changed.

Damien was shaken. He'd never killed another shifter before. Animals, sure. He'd even taken down a small grizzly bear once when it had threatened the pack. But this was different. He turned to Kyle and Katherine, setting his face in what he hoped was an expression of solemn resolve. He could not afford to let any of them see him unsure of himself.

"Go back to where we found him, by the lake," Damien said. "Follow his trail. I want both of you to stick together. There could be others."

"No way. Why didn't we scent them before?" Kyle asked. "We scouted the whole territory around the town here!"

"How did this one sneak up on you?" Katherine asked.

"He must have been in human form. Possibly downwind." Damien thought back, and remembered that his mind had been elsewhere. Specifically, focused on kissing Julia, his hands moving over her body. He had let himself become distracted, and it had almost killed them.

"Don't lose focus," Damien said. "Follow the trail until you find where he came from, then come straight back. Don't fight any wolves if you find them."

"We won't," Katherine said bravely. Damien was proud of her. She was loyal, even now that Damien had found another mate. It helped that she and Kyle had taken to each other, but still, he had been worried that she might want to leave his pack. It was comforting to know that he still had their trust.

"What are you going to do?" Kyle asked.

Damien motioned to the body on the table and spoke grimly.

"We're going to bury him as a wolf."

CHAPTER THREE

Julia watched as Jordan and Damien cleaned up the body, wrapping it in sheets. Julia was glad to see it covered. The shifter had changed only part of the way back from man to wolf, and his body was a strange hybrid thing. His arms and legs had changed almost completely back to wolf form, hair and claws included. The face, though, had only partially morphed into a snout, and his nose bulged grotesquely out of his face.

"Think the hotel will be mad at us for stealing their linen?" Jordan asked.

"I'd say they've probably seen worse. It smells like blood in here. Have we cleaned it all up from the floor and table?"

"The floor's fine," Jordan said, with more than a hint of pride in his voice. "I run a clean operating room."

"I'll wipe down the table," Julia said, moving to the bathroom to find a washcloth. Anything to get away from that body. When she came back with the cloth dampened, they had put the shifter's corpse into a bag. It seemed smaller to her than before now that it had partially shifted into wolf form.

"You don't have to do this," Damien said. "You can wait for us outside. Just don't go far."

His voice was worried, and for the first time Julia realized the full importance of the shifter's words. She wrung the cloth in her hands.

"Damien, what he said-that I wasn't what you think I am. What did he mean?"

"I'm not sure. He might have thought I considered you my mate, and he knew you were human. Maybe he thought I didn't know. I can't think of anything else."

From the look on his face, though, Julia knew that Damien was concerned that something else was going on. She clamped down on all of the questions running through her head. Surely Damien could sense that she was nervous, and they had a body to bury. No need to make him more upset.

"Should we wait until dark to do this?" Jordan asked. "If anybody sees us..."

"If anybody sees us, we're burying a pet in the woods," Damien said. "We'd attract more notice sneaking out at night here."

"A pet?" Jordan raised one eyebrow. "Hell of a German Shepherd."

"Let's not let anybody see us, then," Damien said. He lifted the bag in his arms, carrying it in front of him like a child.

Julia followed the two of them through the parking lot to the woods, glancing all around her to make sure they weren't seen. Damien was right, though-everybody was at work or school during the day, and the lot was empty of anyone who might be suspicious of them.

Damien maneuvered deftly around the trees, slowing to walk behind Jordan only when there was a particularly dense cluster of brush ahead of them. Overhead, the chickadees and jays chirped to each other, and squirrels shook the branches as they leapt from tree to tree.

"How do you walk so easily?" Julia asked, after stumbling over yet another tree root.

"The branches move. I hear them," Damien said. "And I could follow Jordan through anything; his footsteps sound like an elephant rampaging through the woods."

"I don't have an alpha male figure to maintain," Jordan sniffed, patting his stomach. "And I weigh less than you do, anyway."

"Skinny-fat," Damien teased. "You're just not as graceful as me."

"That's what I think of when I think of my alpha," Jordan said, chin tilted up in the air. "A graceful ballerina prancing through the forest."

"Just don't make me wear a tutu."

Julia got the sense that they'd been teasing each other their whole lives, but as soon as they reached a small clearing the jokes stopped. Jordan looked over his shoulder toward the forest they'd trampled through.

"Is this far enough away, you think?" he asked.

In response, Damien knelt and lay the body of the shifter on the ground. He touched the forest floor, scraping away the leaves and letting his fingers dig into the loam underneath.

"This is a good spot," he said.

"Oh!" Julia said. "We didn't bring shovels. Should I go back?"

Damien shook his head.

"He asked to be buried as a wolf. Part of that is digging the grave."

"I can help," Jordan said.

"No," Damien said. He paused, his head bent. "I killed him. It's my job." He tore off his shirt and threw his glasses aside as well. Julia didn't realize what he was going to do until his form began to change. She gasped as his body shifted into that of a wolf.

The first time he'd changed in front of her, she had been too scared to look at what exactly was happening in front of her. Now, she watched with a keen curiosity as his face morphed outward. Hair sprouted first on his face, back, and shoulders, turning his skin dark with fur. His chest was the strangest part of him to change, for the altered bone structure made his ribs pop as they realigned, the muscles underneath snapping into place one by one, rippling under his skin. Then fur grew over his chest and that, too, was covered. He turned toward Julia, and his eyes shone golden. He seemed to be asking her a question.

"I'm alright," Julia said. She realized that she'd been holding her breath the entire time, and she inhaled deeply. "It's just strange." Damien stepped out of his pants, which had fallen away as soon as his legs shrunk, and sniffed the forest floor.

"You get used to it," Jordan said, shrugging.

"He... he said that it uses energy to shift," Julia said.

"It does. You should rest a minute," he called over to Damien, who had already started digging into the earth. If Damien heard him, he didn't show it. His claws raked the soft earth, tearing a hollow in the ground.

"Let's leave him alone for a while," Jordan said. "It shouldn't take too long."

Julia looked back over her shoulder at Damien as they walked away. Dirt flew from his paws and he was already sunk into the ground, his jaw open and panting. A wolf. That was who she was in love with.

He stopped digging and looked over at her, his eyes wild, almost seeing. He was reading her doubt. Julia turned and followed Jordan away through the brush.

CHAPTER FOUR

It was hard work, but Damien found himself enjoying the exertions as he got deeper and deeper into the ground. A long time had passed since he had dug so much. The last grave he'd made had been for his grandfather, a shifter who had lived nearly a hundred years after changing permanently into his wolf form. Damien wondered idly if he would live that long. He would have to live without Julia, and the thought of it made him cringe.

The earth was colder now under his paws, and he was almost entirely submerged in the ground. Roots tangled through the stony earth so far down, and it was harder to dig. The smell of the earth was nutty, deep and rich, and Damien rested for a moment, leaning against the side of the hole he had dug. His chest swelled, pressing against the earthen wall. There were worms down here, beetles, grubs. The scent of a fungus, the vein of its growth squirming its way in slow curves through the ground. Other dead things, too, and not just plants. The earth would take back the bodies of whatever lay down and did not get up.

Would he live as long as his grandfather? Long enough to shift permanently into wolf form? Or would he die in a fight, as his father had?

Damien remembered the fight that had taken his sight away from him. It had been a mistake. He had never meant to offend the alpha male by eating his portion of deer; he'd only been hungry and had taken what he thought was the pack's meat. But such an offense had led directly to a challenge, and he was forced to battle the leader of the pack.

He'd told Julia that he'd lost his eyes in an accident, and that much was true. It was a stupid accident to have eaten food left out without knowing whose it was. He was lucky he'd escaped with his life.

The day he'd fought the alpha male had been the worst day of his life. He remembered it vividly now, and as the memory played back in his mind his fur bristled as though a wind had suddenly come through.

He had been hungry, and followed the scent of deer to where the severed haunch was laying against a boulder. The scent of other shifters around it should have been a warning sign, but he thought nothing of it. His pack trampled through these areas regularly, after all. But as soon as he had taken a bite of the meat, he'd scented another shifter.

He could have run. He could have lied, said that another animal had eaten the deer. It infuriated him to think that he had lost his eyes and lost his pack for a bite of meat that didn't even fill his stomach. But he'd stayed, and Lukas had challenged him, and he stood in a clearing at night with the pack surrounding him and Jordan at his back, whispering encouraging words, ready to kill or be killed.

Moonlight lit the scene, and nothing else.

The alpha male had been older, almost entirely wolf, and Damien was overconfident. As Lukas snarled, his grey fur rising on the scruff of his collar, he paced back and forth. Around them wolves growled and yipped, shouting encouragements to the alpha. Nobody would support a young contender against the leader of the pack. Nobody except Jordan, that is.

"He favors the kick," Jordan said softly. "It's how he kills most of his prey. I've seen it."

"I'll keep that in mind," Damien growled. "Wish me luck."

"I'll always love you," Jordan said.

The words gave Damien pause. He'd known of Jordan's affection for him since they'd been pups, but for his best friend to state it so plainly meant that he doubted the outcome of the fight. Still, he was young and agile. Lukas was old; he'd been thinking of stepping down as leader for a couple of years already. It was only his fierce stubbornness that kept him at the front of the pack. He wanted to lose his position by challenge, not by surrender. Like many alphas, he wanted to die while he was still able to shift to human form.

Lukas growled, and Damien turned to face him. The old wolf was large, and strong, and the scars running down the side of his haunches testified to the fights he had already fought, and won. Damien made up his mind that this would not be one of them.

Circling each other, Lukas and Damien sized up their competition. In this regard, Damien had a distinct advantage. He was young enough that the leader hadn't taken any notice of him, and had no idea what kind of fighter he was. Lukas was terrifyingly strong, but also slower, more careful in his motions. The slow circling put Damien on edge. Why wouldn't he attack? His nerves grew more and more tense, his muscles twitching from anticipated combat. Finally he could take no more. Adrenaline surging through his veins, Damien lunged forward.

It was a mistake. Two mistakes, the first that led to the fight, and the second that ended it. Lukas rolled back on his haunches and Damien stumbled, snapping his jaws at the larger wolf's underbelly. The backward step Lukas had taken was just enough to make Damien fall short of his target, and as the wolf's back legs had raised up to strike him, Damien had only one thought:

Wrong. I was wrong.

"Damien?"

Damien shook his head, and earth fell from his fur to the ground.

"Damien, are you done digging?"

Jordan's voice penetrated his thoughts, and he licked his chops, tasting the grit of the dirt underneath him.

"Yes," he growled, leaping up out of the hole in the ground. Without thinking, he had finished the job, and now it was time to bury the dead.

At least he hadn't died in the fight. Small comfort. The wolf they would bury in this hole couldn't see, either.

Julia's fear had subsided somewhat, although he could tell that she was still nervous at seeing him in his wolf form. Well, she would have to stay nervous for a while longer.

Damien went over to the body and gripped the bag with his teeth, pulling it towards the hole. He slipped only once, at the edge of the grave, and his hind leg dangled for a brief second over the empty hollow before he regained his balance. In his mind, he imagined the dead shifter falling on top of him in the hole, imagined the dirt piling onto them both, imagined being buried alive. It did not seem as horrible as it once did. The fear came in part from fear of darkness, he supposed, and his world was already dark. He found his footing and went around to the other side of the bag, using his snout to push the body over into the hole.

Filling the grave was a lot easier than digging it had been, and Damien made quick work of the ritual, sprinkling dirt with each of his four paws into the grave before pushing the rest of the earth in. The dirt made a low mound over the body, and Damien knelt in front of the grave. He growled the prayer of the dead, eyes closed, and lifted his head to the sky.

"Amen," Jordan said softly.

Although it was afternoon and he could feel the sunlight on his face through the tree branches, all was darkness. He howled a keening wail, his nose pointed toward the invisible stars of their ancestors. Behind him, Julia shivered in sorrow at the sound of the howl twisting through the trees. The birds ceased their calls, and when he lowered his head, all was silent.

He sniffed out his clothes and shifted back to human form, quickly pulling on his shirt and pants. Both Jordan and Julia had seen him shift, seen him nak*d, but for some reason he still felt awkward at having them around when he changed. None of them said a word as Damien finished dressing.

"Kyle and Katherine are on their way," he said, after they had left the clearing. Jordan sniffed, his nose raised to the air.

"I barely smell them," he said. "You're sure they're coming?"

Damien nodded, and swerved slightly in their direction. Sure enough, it was only a half-minute before Kyle and Katherine walked into sight. They had already shifted back into human form.

"What did you find?" he asked.

"We followed the trail from the lake to the highway," Katherine said. "It was only his scent. No other wolves."

"His car is parked on the side of the road," Kyle said. "We looked inside, but didn't break in."

"I told Kyle not to break the window," Katherine said. "I thought that it would be best to talk to you first."

"Good," Damien said. He considered his options for only a split second before deciding.

"Jordan, you come with me," he said. "We'll check out the car."

"What about me?" Julia asked.

"Kyle and Katherine will follow you back to your grandmother's house. They'll watch over you."

"I don't need a security guard," Julia said.

"What, we're going to be glorified babysitters?" Kyle said.

Damien growled under his breath.

"The shifter said he was after Julia. Until I have proof otherwise, you're going to be protecting her." He took Julia's hands. "Julia, be careful."

"Where are you going?" she asked.

"I need to find out who this shifter was. If he has a pack in town. If he's been following you for a while."

A new ripple of dread pulsed outward from Julia.

"It's alright. The pack will be around if you need them." He bent down and kissed her, and from her lips drew desire and fear, intermingled. Though he did not want to leave her, he did not want to leave the mystery unsolved for any longer than he needed to.

He motioned to Jordan. "Come with me."

They would find out who this shifter was, and why he had come.

And why he had come for Julia.

CHAPTER FIVE

On the car ride back to the house, Julia ignored the other shifters pointedly, and they seemed happy to ignore her back. Katherine made a few comments about the town, but they fell flat, and the rest of the way was passed in a dull, awkward silence. As they pulled into the front of the old Victorian-style home, Julia was relieved to find that the shifters did not intend to go inside with her.

"We'll wait in the back," Kyle said. "If they come as wolves, we'll smell them before they get too close."

"Sure," Julia said, closing the car door and walking toward her house without hesitation. Katherine always looked at her as though she had no idea what Damien saw in her. And Kyle-she didn't know anything about him, but he seemed skittish. Unnerving.

Creepy. That's what her girlfriends would call him if he came up to them at the bar. There was something about him that didn't quite add up. But as soon as Julia closed the door behind her and smelled the delicious scent of her grandmother's apple crumble, she forgot all about him.

"Granny Dee!" Julia cried out, coming into the kitchen. "Are we celebrating something?"

Her grandmother sat at the table, her head in her hands. She looked up sadly.

"What... what's wrong?" Julia said. She sank into the seat next to Granny Dee.

"The bank called this afternoon," Dee said. "Someone bought the house."

"Oh, Granny Dee-"

"I'm afraid we'll have to leave. I thought this was a good place. Safe, perfect for us. But now-"

"Wait, no," Julia said, her excitement bubbling up through her. "It's Damien. He bought the house."

Dee knitted her eyebrows together.

"Damien?"

"The guy who came over. The blind man."

Granny Dee's face dropped, and for a moment Julia thought that she would explode. Her face twisted into a grimace, then back to a more neutral expression as she calmed herself.

"It's not like that," Julia hastened to explain. "He says that we can still live here. They just want to build cabins on the land."

"Why?" Dee hissed. Julia paused, shocked by her reaction.

"Why? Be-because he likes me. He wanted to help."

"By buying a house?" Granny Dee's frown wrinkled her brow. "That's more than just help. What did you promise him?"

"Me? I didn't promise anything! He likes me, that's all! And I like him. And... and..." Julia stuttered, unable to tell her grandmother the raw truth behind the decision. On the surface, it must certainly seem strange that Damien would be so accommodating. It must seem like she had done something else for him. Julia flushed a fire engine red as she realized the implication of her grandmother's words.

"It's not like that, Granny Dee, I swear!"

"How is this even possible?" Dee muttered, half to herself. Julia couldn't believe what she was hearing.

"What do you mean? Are you saying someone like him couldn't like me?" Tears welled in Julia's eyes. "I know I'm not beautiful-"

"Shh, no, child, that's not what I mean," Granny Dee said, her face softening. "Forget I said anything. But we can't live here with them alongside us. We'll have to move."

"But-"

"If they move in, we move out, and that's final," Dee said.

"But WHY?"

Julia's shout was louder than she had intended. Indeed, she'd never screamed at Granny Dee before, and it took her by surprise as much as it did the older woman. Dee reached across the table and took her hand. Her grandmother's skin felt papery and thin under her fingers, and she immediately regretted raising her voice.

"I'm sorry," she whispered, bending her head down. Tears trickled down her cheeks. "I'm sorry. I don't want to annoy the guests."

"There's nobody here today," Dee said, sighing. Julia blinked back her tears and wiped her eyes with one hand. No guests. It wasn't any surprise that they were being foreclosed on. But if only Granny Dee would let Damien help...

"I just want to protect you," Dee said. "It has nothing to do with who likes you or not, child. That's not the reason we're here."

"But if Damien-"

"Enough about that man," Dee said, in a voice that said she would brook no opposition. "He's dangerous, and we won't take his charity."

"Dangerous?" Julia was aghast. Damien was the kindest, most gentle man she'd ever met. Sure, he'd fought the wolf and injured him, but that was self-defense. She couldn't imagine him ever hurting her intentionally, not in any way.

Dee stood up from the table. Her hands were shaking as she smoothed the folds of her apron down.

"We'll plan to leave this week," she said. "I don't want you to see Damien again."

"That's not fair!" Julia's face turned hot with anger. The injustice of it all! Granny Dee had always supported her. When she was bullied in school and came home crying that no boys would ever like her, Dee told her that one day she would find true love. And now that she had found it...

"Child," Dee said. Her wrinkled face sagged. "You must trust me on this."

"I don't understand," Julia said, her heart tearing between Damien and her grandmother. "Please."

Granny Dee shook her head, her gaze absentminded. She seemed to be remembering something else.

"Put the apple crumble away when you're done with it," Dee said. Then she turned on her heel and walked out of the kitchen.

"I'm not hungry," Julia said, to nobody in particular. Her stomach turned at the thought of food. She felt like a prisoner trapped inside of the cozy walls of the house. Her grandmother spoke as though she knew Damien's intentions were bad. She hadn't even given him a chance. Julia felt a wetness on her cheek, and wiped away the tears that seeped out of her eyes unwillingly. One tear made it through her fingers and tickled her chin, and this small agony made her want to give up.

She walked to the kitchen window and looked out at the backyard, over to where the meadow ended and the forest began. There, just inside the line of trees, Katherine and Kyle were waiting, ordered to protect her, on guard.

But on guard for what?

CHAPTER SIX

In the car, Damien tapped his fingers against the window impatiently.

"You're the world's worst percussionist," Jordan said. "I thought you were supposed to make up for being blind with heightened senses. Or did that not include a sense of rhythm?"

"I wish I didn't have a sense of smell, sitting here next to your ungroomed pelt," Damien retorted. The joke was half-hearted, and he knew it, but he didn't care. He wasn't in the mood to tease.

"My pelt is excellently coiffed, thank you very much," Jordan said.

"Do you think they're really after her?" Damien asked.

Jordan paused.

"I'm not sure. It sounded like it from the way the shifter was talking. But who knows? He could have been crazy. You saw him kill himself shifting."

"Mmm," Damien said noncommittally.

Jordan pulled the car off to the side of the road. "I think this is it. What did Kyle say? Green car?"

"Green Toyota," Damien said.

"This is it, alright," Jordan said. He turned off the ignition. The sound of the keys jangling in his hand struck Damien's nerves. He wanted to snatch them up, to cease the high-pitched clanging. He realized that his adrenaline was flowing, and his hearing had begun to pick up the most minute sounds. The buzz of a mosquito just outside the car window. The low hum of their car cooling down, the pings of metal in the engine. "You ready to go, detective?"

Damien took a deep breath and opened the car door, swinging his legs out. The scent of wolf made him tense, even though he recognized the smell as being from the dead shifter. The dead shifter. The one he had killed. The fight-

"Looks like it's locked," Jordan said, trying the last door of the Toyota. "Windows aren't open. Let's see if there's a rock around here somewhere."

"Let me try something first," Damien said. He opened the trunk of the rental car and dug through to find what he thought was inside.

"You know, you can ask me to help you find things," Jordan said, leaning against the side of the car. "My ungroomed pelt isn't all that useless."

Damien emerged from the trunk, holding a wire hanger up over his head in triumph. The search had distracted him from his black thoughts.

"Aha!"

"Did you find that using a magical sense of magnetism?" Jordan asked.

"No, that's how I find the ladies," Damien said, grinning. "Or rather, how they find me."

"Such dazzling charm," Jordan said. Damien could almost hear his eyes rolling in his head.

"Watch a pro," Damien said. He bent the coat hanger into a hook and slid it expertly down into the window's small gap. Letting the hanger wander, he focused his attention on the vibrations coming through the metal into his fingers. If he could only find the latch-there!

With a flourish, he pulled up on the coat hanger and in a single smooth moment opened the car door.

"Abracadabra," he said. "Open sesame."

"Do you want to tell me how a wolf knows how to break into a car?" Jordan asked, climbing into the open door.

"It's just my magic touch," Damien said, wiggling his fingers. "That, and I read a book on it once."

"He read a book on it once," Jordan echoed. He opened up the glove compartment and a shuffle of papers fell out.

"Anything interesting?" Damien asked, irritated at his inability to see.

"Registration, proof of insurance, napkins," Jordan listed. "ID: Trevor Gordan. He's from around here, address is a P.O. Box, though. Oh hey, here's something."

"What? What is it?"

"Hotel key." Damien could hear the faint clicking as Jordan tapped the plastic card against his knuckle. "Guess who's staying at the Holiday Inn across town from us?"

"No kidding," Damien said. "Suppose we should have scouted inside the city."

"We drove through the main highway," Jordan said. "And Kyle can scent anything for miles around when he's in wolf form. I'm guessing he showed up not too long ago. After we scouted."

"Let's see," Damien said. "You'll have to get into the room first."

"Me? You're the one with the magic locksmith fingers."

"We don't need locksmith fingers," Damien said. "We have the key. We just need the room number."

"There's no envelope thing for the key," Jordan said.

"Then you'll have to go in and ask. Pretend you lost the key and forgot the room number."

"What, you want me to pretend I'm Trevor Gordan?" Jordan laughed aloud. "No way. I look nothing like this guy. You pretend to be him."

"I'm blind!" Damien said. They both paused for a moment.

"Alright," Jordan said. "Alright. You win."

"Glad to hear you've decided to listen to your alpha," Damien teased.

"Darling, if I get thrown in jail for impersonating someone you'd better bail me out."

Getting into the hotel turned out to be easier than either of them had guessed. Jordan got a new card and room number from the bored receptionist who was watching a soap opera at the desk. Damien waited outside of the lobby until Jordan came back, holding the key up.

"She was painting her nails. Didn't even bother asking for ID," Jordan said. "It's room 207."

They stood outside of the door and listened, but heard nothing.

"I can smell his scent," Jordan said. He slapped his forehead with his hand. "We should have just walked through the hall to smell the right room!"

"Hindsight and all that," Damien said, tapping his foot anxiously. "Let's go."

Jordan pushed the door open with one foot, stepping in cautiously. Damien listened intently, but the only noise was the low hum of a fan.

"Doesn't look like he left much," Jordan said. "There's just the one suitcase."

Damien walked into the room, letting his hands run over the top of the table, the bed.

"Nothing here," Jordan said, zipping the last of the suitcase pockets. "Dead end."

"Shh," Damien said.

"What is it?"

"It's time to be quiet, that's what it is," Damien said, turning his head in the direction of the sound. The hum he'd heard wasn't coming from the air conditioner at all. He knelt down by the bed and felt underneath the frame. His hands encountered a smooth surface, and he pulled out a laptop.

"Have I ever told you you'd make a great private detective?" Jordan asked, taking the laptop from Damien and opening it up.

"Flattery will get you everywhere," Damien said, his mind racing as he imagined what was inside of the computer. "Can you see if he's logged into his email?"

"Password saved," Jordan said, clucking his tongue. "People really ought to be more careful with their security."

"Good thing they're not," Damien said, leaning over as though being closer to the laptop screen would enable him to detect what was on it. "Anything important?"

"One second," Jordan said. "I'm not a speed reader."

Damien waited as Jordan clicked through.

"Here's something," Jordan said. "Wait, this can't be right."

"What is it?"

Damien heard Jordan inhale through his teeth.

"Ok, let me read this to you. It's from a few days ago." He cleared his throat.

"Hi Trevor,

I found the girl. Red hair, and she has the marks on the back of her left hand. Her address is-it's Julia's address. Come soon. Let me know if you need help taking her. I can't wait to be back in the pack. See you soon, Kyle."

A rushing sound filled Damien's ears. He couldn't have heard that right.

"Kyle? Not our Kyle."

"It's his email. It's Kyle." Jordan clicked back. "Let me see if I can find anything else."

Damien's fingers turned white gripping the table as he realized the mistake he had made.

"Kyle? And Katherine..." he murmured.

"You think he's going to kidnap Katherine too?" Jordan asked.

"I think she might be helping him," Damien said. He breathed deeply, trying to sort out his thoughts.

"She loves you."

"She loves Kyle. She's called to Kyle."

"You saved her life," Jordan insisted. "She was going to mate with you, for gods' sake."

"I need to call her," he said, fumbling for his phone.

"Call who?"

"Julia. She's with him."

"Shit," Jordan said. "We have to get back there." He slammed the laptop closed.

As they hurried back to the car, Damien dialed Julia's number with shaky fingers. The phone rang once, then twice.

"Please pick up," Damien said, his mind racing with horrible images. "Julia, pick up."

Jordan turned the key in the ignition and pulled out of the parking lot, tires squealing as they drove towards Julia's house. The phone seemed to ring forever, and he repeated the same words under his breath as he waited for her to answer.

"Please, please don't let me be too late."

CHAPTER SEVEN

Julia sat in her room. She had run out of tears, and now her imagination bubbled with ideas for how to stay with Damien. She could always ignore Granny Dee and run away with Damien... well, run away by staying at the house, she supposed. Surely Granny Dee wouldn't leave by herself if Julia insisted on staying.

The thought of losing Granny Dee made the tears start back up all over again. Dee had raised her since she was a little kid, after her parents died in the accident. As far back as she could remember, she'd sat next to her grandmother in the kitchen and helped her roll out the dough for cookies and pies. It was her grandmother who had told her stories, her grandmother who had raised her. When she was too young to understand, she had watched Granny Dee lose her husband to cancer, and had crawled into her lap and hugged her, and told her that it was okay, that they would always be together.

Always.

She didn't know how she would tell Granny Dee about Damien's... condition. Would she ever need to? Perhaps that was what Dee sensed in Damien, something strange that made her hesitant about accepting him. The first time they'd met, she seemed to get along with him just fine, but now it was as though she'd had a complete change of heart.

A knock on the door interrupted Julia's thoughts.

"Julia?" Granny Dee's voice came through the door. "I need to go to the store for groceries. Will you come with me?"

"I'm not really feeling that well," Julia said, choking back her tears.

There was a pause, and Julia thought that Dee might have left before she heard her voice again.

"Please don't be mad, Julia. I just want to do what's right. Will you be here when I get back?"

"Don't worry," Julia said with a sigh. "I'll be right here in my room."

"Thank you," Dee said. "Julia, I hope you know that I love you, and I just want to keep you safe."

"I love you too," Julia said softly. She turned over and buried her face into her pillow as Granny Dee's footsteps tapped down the stairs. Then the car drove away, and the house was silent. Julia wondered if Granny Dee had seen Kyle and Katherine's car at the end of their driveway, parked on the side of the road. She might be suspicious.

"Let her be suspicious," Julia muttered into her pillow. "She doesn't trust my choices anyway."

House arrest. That's what this felt like. Nobody wanted her to go anywhere. She had guards outside of the house protecting her from some vague threat. Julia tossed her pillow to the foot of the bed. A hot shower would make her feel better. It always did.

The water washed through her red hair and she slicked it back. Normally her curls were out of control, but whenever she took a shower she would pretend for those brief minutes that she had straight hair that did what she told it to do. She rubbed her body with soap, feeling the curves of her br**sts. She remembered in the lake when Damien had touched her, held her close and wrapped one arm around her. She'd felt weightless, like she could float anywhere with him. His hand had touched her...there. His tongue had slid into her... there. She closed her eyes and imagined what it would be like if she was him. If she was blind, touching her body. What would she feel like?

Her hands slid over her soapy skin, pausing in spots to caress, stroking long, harder against her muscles. She leaned her head back against the tiles and moved one hand to her throat, where he had held her tightly without hurting, the other hand down between her legs, exploring the hot folds there. A soft moan escaped her lips as she slid her hand back and forth, finding pleasure in the memory of him taking her, being inside of her. Other girls had told her that it would hurt, but even with his size she'd felt only pleasure, sharp pleasure that took the pain and turned it into something beautiful and desirable. Her body, desirable not just for its shape or smoothness, no, desirable because it belonged to her and he wanted her. She imagined his desire as she smoothed her hand down the front of her chest and cupped herself, feeling the weight of her breast as her other hand moved deeper inside of her, her fingers trembling as they shivered her nerves.

Damien...

The ringing of her phone brought her sharply out of her reverie. Turning off the water, she opened the shower door and pulled the towel off of the rack to dry her hand. The towel slipped from her grasp as she reached for her phone, landing on the bottom of the shower.

"Damn it," Julia swore, picking up the now-wet towel and slinging it over the side of the shower curtain rod. The phone rang loudly on the counter.

"I'm coming, I'm coming," Julia said. She stepped out of the shower, water dripping from her dark red hair onto the floor. Wiping her hand dry on the crumpled up dress she'd taken off earlier, she answered the phone and held it an inch away from her ear.

"Hello?"

"Hello? Julia?"

"Hi, Damien," Julia said. "Sorry it took so long to answer. I was just-"

"Julia, listen to me. You have to get out of there."

"What?" Julia felt lightheaded. "Damien?"

"Do you hear me? Kyle is dangerous. You have to get away from him."

"I-I can't," Julia said. "I mean, Granny Dee just left with the car. Should I run, or-"

"No, no." Damien hesitated for a second. "They're both still in the forest, right?"

"I think so," Julia said. Her eyes turned to the door, and she suddenly felt acutely vulnerable. She was nak*d, she had nothing to protect herself with. And no way to leave. "How do you know about Kyle? Is Katherine-"

"I'll tell you later. Right now you have to get somewhere safe."

"I can... I can lock the door."

"That won't stop him," Damien said. "You need to leave. Listen. There's a spare key in a magnetic case under our car. It's right next to the front right tire, just under the fender. Can you get to the car?"

"I think so," Julia said. Her heart was racing. She pulled the damp dress over her head, trying to dress herself as quickly as she could. "Where do I go?"

"North," Damien said. "Take the highway. They won't be able to chase you that quickly. I'm almost there, and I'll deal with Kyle. We can meet up afterward. Just get away."

Julia's body was hot with adrenaline, her breath coming fast. Deal with Kyle? That would mean another fight.

"Should you really do this? Can't we just run away from him?" Julia opened her bedroom door and listened. There were no sounds coming from the first floor. She tiptoed down the stairs and peered out the window. The sun was setting quickly, but she could still see the woods. Kyle and Katherine were nowhere to be found.

"I'm not going to let him escape," Damien said. "Be careful. Try not to make a lot of noise. You know what their hearing is like."

"I know," Julia whispered. She peered out of the front door, her heart pounding in her ears. "Okay, I'm going to go now."

"Call me when you're out and safe," Damien said. "Julia?"

"Yes?"

"I love you." His voice was kind and full of worry.

"I love you too," Julia said.

Opening the door as quietly as possible, she stepped out onto the porch. The old board at the end of the steps always creaked, and she was careful to step over it. She couldn't afford to be heard. If Damien was right, if Kyle was dangerous...

The view to the driveway from the woods was blocked for the most part by the house, and Julia stepped lightly but quickly as she walked down the path to where Kyle and Katherine had parked their car. Her heart was beating so loud that she thought they might hear it from where they were standing guard. She bent down next to the front right tire and reached her hand under the fender. Nothing there. She bit her lip and slid her hand along the underside of the fender. Finally her fingers bumped into something hard. She pulled out the small metal case with trembling hands. Going around to the driver's side of the car, she fumbled with the clasp. It didn't open. She bent her head over the case and dug her nail into the gap, pulling hard.

The case opened with a snap, and the key fell to the pavement with a loud clang. Julia scrambled to pick it up and unlocked the car door.

"Julia? Hey! Hey!" Kyle and Katherine emerged from behind the house. Julia jumped into the car. She shoved the key into the ignition. She locked the doors.

"HEY!"

Kyle began to run towards the car as Julia turned the key. The engine roared to life, and she shifted into drive. Kyle slammed his hand down on the trunk just as she pressed the gas pedal. He ran alongside the car as she accelerated. His hand knocked against the window once, hard, and then she careened around the corner, tires squealing, and left him behind her on the road.

In the rear view mirror, she saw Kyle running towards the woods, shifting into wolf form as he did. Katherine joined him a second later. They would try to cut her off. She sped up, heedless of the speedometer needle as it crept towards sixty miles per hour, then seventy on the small, two-lane highway. There was no way they could catch her, not at this speed. After a minute of driving, she began to let up on the gas, relief washing over her. She flicked on her headlights as darkness fell, the sky a dusky gray.

Julia pulled out her phone and dialed Damien's number.

"Julia? We're almost there."

"Kyle and Katherine already left," Julia said, her voice shaky and a bit more high-pitched than usual. She breathed deeply to calm herself down. It was over. She was safe. Then she had a sudden thought.

"Granny Dee!" she cried. "They might go back to get her. She was just going to get groceries."

"I'll wait for her," Damien said. She heard him giving Jordan directions to turn left. "We'll meet up afterward."

"Okay," Julia said, pressing the phone to her ear as she went around a curve. She could not see far ahead, and she hoped that she would not hit any of the deer that often came out during dusk to graze. There was a car behind her, the headlights glaring. "Damn."

"What is it?" Damien asked.

"Nothing, just some guy tailgating me." The SUV's lights shone directly into her rear view mirror, coming closer and closer. "There's really nowhere to pass on this road. Hold on, let me-"

The SUV crashed into her bumper. The phone went flying. Julia slammed into the steering wheel as the impact pushed her back, then forward. She clutched the wheel, trying desperately to stay on the road. Kyle. How could they have found another car so quickly?

"Julia? Julia!" Damien's voice sounded tinny coming from the phone's speaker. Julia did not want to reach for it. She had to keep a hold of the wheel.

"Damien, he's here! He's in a car! It's ramming into me!"

Another jolt shocked her body and the car swerved into the other lane. An oncoming truck blared its horn as Julia just barely yanked the car back into the right lane. She pressed on the gas. If only she could outrun him.

"Julia!"

The shock of the impact came at the same moment as the sound: metal on metal, grating harshly. The wheel ripped out of her hands as the car skidded sideways under the momentum of the crash. She raised her hands. The car flew over the side of the road. Trees loomed in front, illuminated by headlights. There was no stopping it. Time stopped as the front of the car made contact with the branches in front. The airbag exploded in her face. Glass shattered and Julia realized that the screams she heard were her own.

Then everything was still.

CHAPTER EIGHT

"Julia!"

Damien listened helplessly to the violent crash, his hand gripping the phone.

"What's going on?" Jordan asked. Damien held up one hand to silence him.

"Julia?" he asked. There was a sound of a car door being opened, and a moan. Julia's voice.

"Hello? Can you hear me?" Damien said.

"I can hear you just fine."

Damien's heart stopped beating at the sound of the deep male voice on the other end of the line. Not Kyle.

"Who is this?" he asked.

"Don't try to find the girl," the man said. "She's ours."

"Who are you? Why are you after her?"

"That's none of your business, wolf. You need to keep your nose out of the fight. Else you'll lose something more valuable than your eyes."

"Where are you taking her?" Damien asked. "What are you-"

The line was dead. He called again, but the call went straight to voicemail.

Jordan pulled into the driveway of Julia's house, clicking the headlights off.

"What was that?" he asked.

"We have to find her," Damien said. "Someone... they've taken her."

"Who? Kyle?"

"It wasn't Kyle, at least not on the phone. I don't know. Somebody else." Damien was panicked. If he couldn't find Julia...

"We have company," Jordan said.

"Who?" Damien sniffed the air. There were no wolves around.

Jordan rolled down the window. The cool night air blew through the window.

"Where's my granddaughter?" The old woman leaned into the car, her voice strident and accusatory. "Where have you taken her?"

"Someone else has her," Damien said. "We're going to go get her now."

The grandmother sniffed.

"You're not telling the truth," she said. Before Damien could reply, he heard the car door open. The old woman slid into the back seat behind Jordan and buckled her seatbelt.

"You can't... you can't come with us, Mrs... ah, Mrs..." Jordan stammered. Damien hesitated. It would be bad to leave the old woman on her own, without any protection. Especially if Kyle and Katherine came back.

"Call me Dee," Julia's grandmother said. Her voice was frightened but firm. "And you'll need my help to get her back from the other pack."

Both Jordan and Damien turned back to Dee.

"The other pack?" Jordan said.

Damien frowned.

"Did Julia tell you-"

"Of course not, you pups! They've been searching for us for some time. Now let's go. There's no time to waste, and my granddaughter is in danger. They'll be taking the northbound highway around the town. We can take the main street up that direction as a shortcut."

Damien's mouth dropped open.

"Damien?" Jordan asked him. He snapped out of his brief shock.

"Do what she says," he agreed.

Jordan turned the headlights back on and pulled out of the driveway, driving in the direction Dee had indicated. She sat quietly in the back seat.

"Are you... is Julia... what's going on here?" Jordan asked. "If you don't mind me asking, that is, ma'am."

"You're a shifter?" Damien asked, still reeling in disbelief.

"I am," she said.

"And Julia?" His mouth was dry. He'd never thought it possible.

"Yes."

"Forgive me, ma'am-"

"Please, call me Dee."

"Dee, right." Jordan coughed. The wheels hummed under the car as they sped along the curves of the highway. "But you can't be a shifter."

"Oh?" she said. Damien could hear the dry archness in her tone. "And why is that?"

"We would know!" Jordan said. "You don't have a scent. And you're old! I mean..."

"Old, am I?" Dee said.

From the backseat came a low growl, and the car was flooded with the smell of a foreign shifter. The hair on Damien's neck stood on end, and it was all he could do to keep himself from shifting. The itch to fight strained his will. Then, just as suddenly as it had come, the scent was gone. Disappeared. As though it had never been.

"How did... how did you do that?" Damien asked softly.

Dee leaned forward and put a hand on his shoulder. He felt her warmth through the fabric of his shirt, and her fingers were not frail.

"Tell me something," she said. "Are you Called to my granddaughter?"

Damien swallowed the lump in his throat.

"Yes," he said. "We share the connection."

"Does she feel it?"

"Not as strongly as I do," Damien said, growing more confident as he spoke. "But she feels something. She felt it the first time we met."

Dee leaned back in her seat.

"Then I was wrong to tell her to stay away from you," she said. "I'd thought you were like the others."

"What others?" Jordan asked.

"You told her to stay away from me?" Damien repeated, his words hollow.

Dee took a deep breath.

"Stay on this road for a while," she said. "We have a ways to go before we reach their territory, and we're not likely to catch up to them until it's completely dark. I will tell you as much as I know, and then we will find them. And Julia."

CHAPTER NINE

Red. The world was red.

Julia lifted her head up and gazed out of the window. Trees rushed past her, the stars behind them shining red. For an instant, she had the gut-wrenching feeling of falling sideways, and dizziness overtook her. She put a hand to her head and touched wetness. A shooting pain made her recoil from the touch.

"Ohhh," she moaned softly.

"The girl's awake," a voice said. Julia looked up and saw a man with light blond hair, almost white, sitting in the passenger's seat. He looked back at her with dark eyes illuminated by only the dashboard lights. There was a hunger in them that set off warning bells in her mind.

She was in a car. Alright. Testing her ability to move her head, she turned and looked around her. She was in the backseat of an SUV, a seatbelt across her chest. The world came into focus.

"We're nearly there. Then we'll wait for Trax to come," the driver said. A low, growing voice. Julia could not see him, but he seemed a bit shorter than the passenger, with dark hair.

"Should we? We could start with her ourselves. Nobody would have to know."

"Idiot." The driver's arm shot out and smacked the passenger across the head. "And when the litter is born and it's not purebred?"

The blond man shook his head and sneered back at the dark-haired driver.

"Just a thought," he whined.

"Stop thinking. You're not good at it."

Julia squinted her eyes and breathed deeply. The crash. That's right. Damien. And Kyle-

"Where am I?" she asked.

The SUV pulled off of the highway and swerved hard onto a dirt road. Julia held her head in her hands as they bounced over the potholes in the road. Every bump in the road turned into blinding pain in her head. She'd hit the windshield. Yes. Blood covered her hand now as she pressed it to her head.

"I need help," she said, her voice trembling. "I need to go to a hospital."

"We'll take care of you just fine," the driver said, not turning back at all.

"Yeah, you'll be fine," the blond man said.

The thought made its way fuzzily through Julia's brain: these men are kidnapping me. She reached for the door handle, but it was locked from the outside.

"Tsk, tsk," the driver said. "So anxious? You can get out when we get there."

"Get where?" Julia looked around, her heart beating faster as she regained awareness of the situation. These had been the men in the car behind her. They had run her off of the road. She had to get out.

"Silly girl," the driver said. He looked in the mirror now, and Julia's breath stopped as she saw his face. His eyes glowed blood red, and he was smiling. He was a shifter. They must be working with Kyle. Damien had warned her. He'd warned her, but the men had still gotten to her. The shifter's next words crawled through her nerves and made her shiver in terror.

"We're taking you home."

CHAPTER TEN

Damien and Jordan listened intently to Dee. He'd taken her for a simple old woman, a human whose only interest was her relation to Julia. Now, though, he realized that she was something more. They kept the windows cracked open to make sure they didn't miss a scent, and the night air rushed past his ears as she told their history. Clearing her throat, Dee settled back and spoke in a sonorous voice that reminded Damien of the storytellers of his old pack. The lilting rhythm of her words lulled him into a calmer state, despite his fear for Julia.

"A long time ago, I was part of a pack that lived north of here. They were a fierce pack, and proud, and they did as much as they could to expand their territory. Wars were fought, and many wolves died. Julia-Julia's parents- fought in the battle of Karawka. My daughter died alongside her husband in that fight, and I was left to raise Julia with my Charles.

"She's a special child, in more ways than one. The genes she inherited from me through my daughter are recessive, and quite rare. My hair turned white a long time ago, but it used to be as red as hers. Red like fire, oh yes. And we are able to shift well into our old age, until death."

"It is a pure shift, you understand? That is why you can't scent us. When Julia is human, she is human. Not a hybrid, not stalled, half-wolf and half-man, like the vast majority of shifters. Our pack leader was purebred, and so were two others in the pack. All male, all except my daughter. And Julia."

Dee's voice quavered at this last sentence.

"We were the very last of the pure shifters, and Julia herself was the last of these in her generation. Her parents never conceived another child, and when they died, only Julia and I were left with the female half of the gene. The pack leader came to me after her parents had died and told me that he was going to take her.

"'Take her where?' I asked.

"'Take her for myself,' the alpha said. 'Take her for the rest of the purebred.'

"I knew then that he meant to violate the Calling. Julia was still a pup at the time, and had no idea of her true mate. The pack leader told me that she would be a fine mother, that she could have litters with all of the other purebred males in the pack. To create a master pack. An invincible army of purebred shifters."

Dee shuddered, her voice breaking. Jordan and Damien waited in silence until she was ready to continue.

"Charles and I took her and ran. It meant leaving our pack, our home, all of our friends and family. We didn't have to go far. All we had to do was find a small town, and we knew the pack would never find us as long as we stayed low, out of sight. They couldn't scent us, after all. We simply had to stay in human form for good. And so we did. From one of the contacts we kept, we received news that they were looking for us, that they had rendezvous points set up across the territory. Whenever they would pass close by, we would make sure to stay hidden, and, eventually, they stopped looking. Charles passed away some years ago, and I thought Julia would marry a human man. It would have ended the recessive line, but that was a small price to pay for her safety."

Dee sighed. "So many old memories. I never thought I would have to revisit them. My daughter..." Her voice trailed off, and Damien could tell she was holding back her tears.

"If Julia is a shifter," Damien said carefully, "wouldn't she know? Wouldn't she shift?"

"Before we left, we visited a medical sage. I don't know what she did to Julia-some sort of hypnosis-but it left her permanently human."

"She can't shift back? Ever?" Jordan asked.

"Not as far as I know," Dee said. "We've never tested it, for obvious reasons. If Julia knew what she was, it would be more dangerous for her. She would be tempted to shift. I couldn't risk that."

"Then she can't defend herself," Damien growled. "She can't shift, she can't fight. She has no chance."

"What would you have had me do?" Dee cried in anger, her words piercingly sharp. "She needed to be protected! If there had been any other way, any way at all, do you think I would have done this?"

Damien clamped his mouth shut. It was not his place to judge, he knew that, but the thought of Julia being forced to remain human was abhorrent. To never know the feeling of running free, to never know the true smell of the world, was a cruelty he could not imagine.

"So what now?" Jordan said quietly.

"Now we go to the closest rendezvous point," Dee said. "We hope they haven't changed locations since the last time I made contact with the pack."

"And then?" Damien asked.

"And then," Dee said, the hint of a snarl touching her words, "we fight."

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Julia slid back in her seat, her breath coming fast.

"Where's Damien?" she asked. Her hand moved slowly towards her seatbelt buckle. It was dark, nearly black, inside the car, but she couldn't afford to attract the attention of the blond shifter. Fortunately, he seemed to be easily distracted. "Where's Kyle?"

"Oh, you know Kyle?" the blond wolf said. "I knew him back when he was a pup. Sorry to see him leave the pack, but, well, survival of the fittest."

Julia listened with one ear as her fingers touched the seatbelt release. The car bumped along the road.

"You mean he's not fit."

"You've seen him, haven't you?" the blond man said.

"His limp? It didn't seem that bad," Julia said. "He could walk."

The blond man laughed, a harsh, grating noise.

"You need to do more than walk to keep up with Trax and the rest of the wolves." He grinned meanly. "Kyle couldn't cut it."

"That's a shame," Julia said, every muscle of hers tensed in anticipation. The SUV pulled forward up a steep hill through the woods. She waited. She would only get one chance to act.

"Eh." He shrugged. "No skin off my pads. He's better off as a loner anyway. No pack would want him."

"I suppose you're right," Julia said, not wanting to give away any information they didn't already know. She wondered why Kyle had told them he was alone.

The SUV turned through a curve and headed back downhill, picking up speed.

"There we are," the blond man said, pointing just ahead to where a small cabin lay at the end of the dirt road. A large bonfire illuminated the front of the cabin, flickering shadows behind it onto the dark trees. Above them Julia could just make out the stars in the night sky.

"You think I can't see it?" the driver asked, swatting the hand down from in front of him as they sped toward the cabin. Now. Julia had to act now, or it was all over.

Taking a deep breath, she unbuckled her seatbelt and leapt forward in one movement to the steering wheel. Leaning over onto the driver, she jammed her feet forward on top of the driver's like a child sitting on an adult and pretending to drive. She pressed the gas pedal to the floor while trying to keep the shifter's other foot off of the brake.

"OW!"

"Get off of him!"

The engine whined as the SUV picked up speed. The blond man had his hands on her, pulling, and she held tightly to the steering wheel for dear life as the car accelerated toward the cabin. She knew in one more second they would have control again, but perhaps it was enough. The driver yanked the steering wheel to the right, and Julia clung on, pulling back the other way and aiming directly for the small cabin in front of them. The SUV lurched onto two wheels, then dropped back down with a thud that shot lightning bolts of pain through Julia's head. The shock knocked the blond man into the dashboard and he lost his hold on her. The driver had his foot on the brake now and the whine from the engine pierced her bones, but the car still skidded straight ahead.

Julia clenched her teeth and braced for impact, but the driver jerked the wheel so that the SUV clipped the side of the cabin and slid sideways into a roll. Julia hit the roof of the car and heard the crack before she felt the sharp stabbing pain lance through her arm. The SUV, still upside down, skidded to a stop. One headlight flickered into the forest.

Her head spinning, Julia crawled with one arm out of the broken window and onto the forest floor, her hands sinking into the soft layer of leaves. The blond man had been thrown from the window when the SUV rolled and was lying motionless under a tree not far away, the dim light of the bonfire casting an eerie red glow over his body. She was almost out of the car when a hand grabbed her ankle and she kicked back, turning to see the driver holding onto her leg through the window.

"Get... off of me!" she said, using her other foot to kick his arm into the broken glass.

"Ahh!" The glass sliced his arm, leaving him bleeding rapidly.

The shifter let go and fumbled at his seatbelt, and she shoved herself back out of his grasp, struggling to get up on two feet. Gasping for air and holding her broken arm, she stumbled backwards and into something hard.

"Hello, Julia," a voice said. Julia shrieked as she spun around to see what she'd run into. A huge man stood in front of her, his arms crossed over the muscled chest bulging against the fabric of his shirt. She lifted her eyes to his face. He had dark red hair haloed by the light of the bonfire, and his eyes glittered like emeralds.

"Welcome home."

Julia turned to run into the darkness of the woods, but she had only taken one step before his hand reached out and grabbed her by the hair. She'd had her braids pulled in kindergarten by the boys, but this was a thousand times more painful. She screamed as he lifted her onto her tiptoes by her hair. Desperate, she clutched his arm with one hand and felt her broken arm drag down along her side. In the corner of her eye she could see the driver of the SUV clamber out and vomit on the ground.

"You did quite a number on my wolves," the man said, letting her down just enough so that she had most of her weight on the balls of her feet. Her scalp burned.

His eyes swept down her figure and she flushed as she realized she'd left the house without being able to put on a bra. One eyebrow arched over his disapproving face. A rage of shame and anger rose in Julia. He had no right to do this. No right at all to take her like this.

"Not much of a figure," he said. "But we'll get you in shape in no time."

Julia spat in his face.

Letting go of her hair, he whipped the back of his hand across her face. Bright lights flashed in front of her eyes in an instant of unbearable pain. Then he was dragging her by her arm, the one that wasn't broken, back to the cabin. There was someone else waiting in the doorway, and Julia realized as they came closer that it was a woman, her muscles bulging almost as much as those of the men that had taken her. She peered down at Julia with dark, slitted eyes, the flames of the bonfire reflected in her pupils.

"Trax, should I call the others and let them know we have her?"

"Not yet," the man said. Trax. Julia moaned, her legs kicking helplessly, as he brought her inside and threw her against the wall. She crumpled into a heap on the floor, her fingers scraping against the rough wood planks as she brought her injured arm up to her chest. There was a single lantern on the table, and she retreated from it instinctively, seeing the dark like a wounded animal.

"If you want reinforcements-"

"We'll be fine," Trax said. "The kid should be here soon, anyway. And I want to make sure she's the real thing before we get the pack all excited."

"Kyle said-"

"I know what Kyle said," Trax snarled. "There's a reason he was exiled from the pack."

"Sure," the woman said. Her voice trembled a bit as she spoke, and Julia saw her eyes dart over to her corner. "Of course. Whatever you want."

The driver of the SUV came into the cabin, closing the door behind him.

"Rylan's dead," he said, a look of guilt on his face. "Broke his neck."

Trax sniffed. "Should have been more careful. Both of you."

The man looked out the window and said nothing.

"Now," he said, kneeling in front of Julia, "let's talk."

Julia did not move, did not even look at him. His hand shot out and grabbed her chin, lifting her face toward his. His breath was hot on her skin, and he smelled like burnt wood.

"Do you know why you're here?"

Julia shook her head. The pain in her head brought tears to her eyes. She couldn't think, it was so bad.

His fingers dug into her cheeks.

"You're going to have to learn some manners," Trax said softly. "When I ask you a question, you respond to me. Understood?"

He shook her head slightly and the throbbing agony in her head left her gasping for air.

"Yes!" she cried. "Yes!" Anything to stop the pain.

"Good," Trax said, letting go of her face. Sobs racked her body, but at least all that was left was a dull ache in her head.

"Now," he said, "let's start over. Do you know why you're here?"

Julia choked, wiping her eyes.

"Is this... does this have to do with Damien?"

"Who is Damien?" Trax cocked his head.

"That's the blind wolf, I think," the driver said. "The one who killed Trevor."

"He didn't kill Trevor!" Julia cried. "Damien fought in self-defense. They were trying to save him when he shifted and-"

"Enough." Trax put one finger on her lips and she drew back against the wall in disgust. He smiled at her, and a chill ran through her bones. "You're going to be a very good mate once we get you properly trained."

"Mate?" The word reverberated through the cabin from her lips, and in the corner Julia could see the woman tossing her dark hair behind her shoulders.

"My mate," Trax said.

His fingers stroked her arm now. Julia pressed herself hard against the wall.

"I'm not... you can't... I'm not a shifter like you," Julia stammered. "I'm human."

Trax grinned.

"You're a sweet little thing," he said. "But you're not fooling anyone."

"No, it's true!" Julia swiveled her head from one person to another in the cabin. Both the woman and driver looked at her in disbelief. Her jaw dropped open in amazement. "You brought me here to... wait! This is all a mistake! You don't understand!"

"Stop," Trax said. His voice brought Julia's protests to a halt. He stared into her eyes and spoke in a slow rhythm. "I don't want my mate to lie to me. Not... ever. You're a special shifter. One of a kind. And now you're mine."

"I have a mate already," Julia said, her voice choking. If they thought she was a shifter, then maybe she needed to try something different. "Damien. My true mate. He-"

"Did he tell you he felt the Calling with you?" Trax said. He laughed and stood up. "Smart wolf. Maybe we should have done the same. Try to convince you to come on your own."

Julia's mouth went dry. No. It wasn't possible. Damien wouldn't do that to her. But...

He'd told her Katherine was just his guide when they first met. That had been a lie. What else had he lied about?

"You're wrong," she said, but doubt had already crept into her voice.

"Doesn't matter now," Trax said. "You're mine."

He bent over quickly to caress her face and she winced as he lowered his head towards her lips. She drew back but he had her chin firmly in his hand. With the other he tore her dress. The seams cut into her flesh before ripping. Trax tossed the scraps of fabric aside and grabbed her breast, squeezing hard. She beat at his chest with her good hand, but he was too strong. He would have her, no matter what she did. A cry tore from her throat as he moved his hands down her body.

Then he paused, raised his head, and sniffed.

"Wolves," he said.

The driver swung the cabin door open to the darkness and inhaled. "Two of them. They're close. Do you hear that engine?"

"Damien," Julia whispered.

Trax began to laugh, a slow chuckle that worked its way into thick bellowing laughter.

"A blind wolf coming for us! We'd better run!"

The driver laughed nervously along with Trax. The pack leader turned to Julia, his eyes gleaming green in the dim light of the cabin.

"Come, then," he said, cracking his knuckles. "I'll win you as my mate the traditional way after all."

Julia screamed as he pulled her to her feet, sending a fresh shot of agony down her arm.

"Come, bitch," he said. "You'd love to see two men fight for your affections, wouldn't you? Two packs, all fighting, all for you."

"No!" Julia cried. "Please, no!"

The two others followed Trax outside as he shoved Julia in front of him. She collapsed in front of the cabin and he picked up a dirty blanket from the side of the cabin where it had been resting on top of a stack of firewood. He tossed it over her.

"Cover yourself, my little bitch," he said, grinning. "Show some respect for your mate."

Seething with anger, Julia gathered the blanket around her shoulders tightly. The flicker of headlights shone for a brief second in the distance, bouncing as the car moved closer. The engine's noise grew louder and then stopped behind the hill.

They waited.

Julia looked up and saw the shadows walking over the crest of the hill. And, in the middle-

"Granny Dee?"

Trax stepped forward, his hands curling into fists at his side as the interlopers stopped just thirty feet away from the bonfire.

"Dejara," he growled. "What a pleasant surprise."

CHAPTER TWELVE

Damien braced himself as Jordan swung the car into the woods and down the dirt road. The scent of wolves was strong, and they knew they had found the right place.

"They'll scent us," he said. "Probably already have."

"Then let's hope they don't run," Jordan said. He rolled down the window. "Smells like three of them there."

"And the pack leader," Dee said. "If he's in human form, you won't scent him."

"We can't identify any purebred shifters," Jordan said, his voice starting to panic. "There could be dozens. How many were in your pack?"

"Not that many," Dee said. She didn't seem too concerned. "Once we get closer, I'll be able to sense if he and Julia are there. Same with any others."

They reached a steep hill and Dee told Jordan to stop the car.

"They're just over that hill," Dee said. "There's a small cabin."

"Not like it would have made it up that hill, anyway," Jordan breathed.

"Are they there?" Damien asked. Dee understood what he meant.

"Yes," she said. "Both Julia and Trax."

"Trax?"

"The pack leader."

"That makes four of them," Jordan said, worried. "Their four for our two. It won't be a fair fight."

"Only three," Dee said, opening the car door. "Don't you smell the scent of death?"

"Three, then," Jordan said. He and Damien walked alongside Dee as she started up the hill. "It's still three on two."

"Three on three," Dee said.

Damien inhaled sharply. He didn't want anyone to die for his mistakes. "You don't need to fight. She's my mate."

"She's my granddaughter," Dee said stubbornly. "Apart from that, you'll need me. There's no way you'll be able to take the leader down on your own."

"But-" Damien began.

"I may look old," Dee said, "but I still have a few tricks up my sleeve. And senses get more acute as you age. You know that."

"Senses versus strength isn't a great match."

"Says the blind man," Dee cracked grimly. "Save your breath. You'll need it during the fight."

Damien focused on each step in front of him. He could feel Julia's anger already over the hill, anger and fear coming in clouded pulses so strong it made his blood boil. If this leader, this Trax, had hurt her...

They crested the hill and Damien sensed Julia right in front of him. The moment she saw him, a beam of hope pierced through her fear. It gave him courage, but it also gave him pause. That she could place such faith in him unnerved him.

"Three shifters, two men and one woman," Dee said under her breath. "The woman is strong. The leader is much, much stronger than either of them."

"I can sense it," Damien said. There was heat, too. A fire.

"I'll take the leader," Jordan said.

"No," Dee said, with a quiet certainty born of experience. As she spoke, both men knew that she was prepared for the fight ahead. "He is mine."

"We can't fail her," Damien said softly. "I would not be able to live with myself."

"Don't be so optimistic," Dee said, heading down the hill. "If we fail her, we'll all be dead anyway."

The other shifters waited for them at the bottom. Julia's surprise hit Damien hard as she recognized her grandmother. His heart began to beat fast and he breathed deeply to calm himself. Tension led to mistakes. To acting too quickly, on impulse. The last time he'd done that-

In his thoughts flashed the fight of two years ago, in the darkness as he was now. Lukas's legs had risen up and slashed down through the air, with powerful muscles behind them. Damien remembered falling onto his back, helpless to protect himself. The last thing he'd seen was the moon, and then he'd lost his sight forever.

He felt a twinge of pain along the scars that ran over his eyes. The razor-sharp claws had sliced them through, and all of Jordan's work hadn't been able to restore his vision. The flesh had grown back, and a golden haze had come over the surface of his irises, but he'd never be able to see the moon again.

The leader stepped forward, and Damien's fingers curled at his sides.

"Dejara." He addressed Dee as though they were old friends, and perhaps they were.

"Give me back my granddaughter, Trax," Dee said. "Then we'll go in peace."

Trax laughed. Julia's fear rippled through Damien's body, and he willed her to be calm. If her fear struck him at the wrong moment during the fight, he would be done for. She seemed to realize this, for she was struggling to hold herself together.

"Do you think I'm afraid to fight you?" Trax bellowed. "A weakling, a blind man, and an woman as old as the moon herself. You might as well cut each other's throats now and be done with it."

Damien sensed the wolves next to Trax beginning to shift, their scent growing stronger. Immediately he followed suit, as did Jordan. Only Dee and Trax remained human.

"May the fight be fair," Dee said, Damien knew she was raising her hands to the sky in prayer. "May the gods take those who fall."

Damien howled first, and the rest of the wolves joined him, their calls spiraling upward to the sky in a terrible harmony that flooded the clearing and bounced back off of the trees. Damien could almost envision the stance of each wolf by the reflected sounds among them. Then the pack leader began to shift, and he knew the fight was about to begin.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Julia gasped as Granny Dee stepped forward. The world went silent in her ears as she watched the pack leader talk to her grandmother. She was sure that any moment he would reach out and smash Dee with one hand, crumple her into bits. But he did not move close enough for that. He wasn't even confused by Dee showing up. And she realized as they spoke that his shoulders were raised tensely. He wasn't confused at all.

He was scared.

Damien and Jordan shifted along with the other pack's wolves, and although Julia had seen it twice before it was still a shock to behold. The horrific cracking of bone and tendon as the skeletal structures of the men shifted into that of wolves. Damien's face, his beautiful face, changing into the snout of an animal. And then fur covered them and they were all wolves, all of them except for the two standing in the middle.

Granny Dee raised her arms to the sky.

"May the fight be fair. May the gods take those who fall."

During all of this, Julia had not accepted what she knew in her heart must be true. Even as her grandmother prayed to strange gods, she wished that it would all go away, that she would wake up from the nightmare and go back to work at the library. She would shelve a hundred thousand books now if it meant the safety of her grandmother.

But then Granny Dee lowered her arms and stared forward into the face of Trax, and Julia knew before she shifted that she was not entirely human.

The leader changed first, his limbs bending and growing claws. Dark red hair sprouted and covered his torso. His body was nearly twice the size of Damien's, thick with knotted muscle. Julia did not pay attention to him, though, once she saw what her grandmother was becoming.

Dee's arms bent at the elbow and she fell forward into a crouch. Her clothes ripped as white fur emerged from her skin, her face growing thinner and longer. Julia gasped as Dee's lips drew back to reveal gleaming white teeth, and with a shake of the head the last of her clothing fell away from her. She stood in front proudly, a sleek white wolf with eyes that twinkled and told Julia that yes, this was the same person, this was her grandmother.

"Granny Dee," she whispered. The blanket around her shoulders slipped down slightly as her fingers went weak. She knew what this meant.

If Dee was a wolf, then so was Julia.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Damien stood in front of the male wolf, every sense of his at the ready. He could smell the scent coming off of the wolf's pelt, a mixture of sweat, fear, and fight. He could hear the leaves crackling as the wolf shifted his weight on the ground from one foot to the other. He was ready.

The first strike came to the side of him, and the noise almost made him jump before he could think. The female wolf had lunged at Jordan, and Damien could tell that the wolf in front of him had shifted to see the fight. Off balance for just a moment, it was the right time to make a move. Damien leapt forward and knocked into the wolf, rolling back before the jaws could snap at him. He yipped to keep track of the wolf's position.

The scuffling of paws told him Jordan and the female had broken apart. Dee and Trax had not yet started to fight, still circling each other in the middle. Neither seemed to want to make the first move. The initial seconds of the fight were crucial, once someone had gotten hold with a bite. Damien worried about Dee. She was so small compared to the leader, and although she seemed to have confidence in her ability, he could not help but be anxious about her survival. One blow from Trax's huge paws and she would be dead.

The wolf in front of him dug his claws into the earth. It was hard to keep the sounds separated now that there was so much going on, but Damien narrowed his attention to the space in front of him. A few feet were all that separated him from the other wolf. They circled, and Damien moved so that he would stand in between Julia and the wolf. The flames of the bonfire were hotter here, and he could feel Julia at his back, just behind him. He growled at the male wolf just as he lunged, and threw himself to one side.

It was not fast enough. The wolf snapped his jaws on Damien's scruff and got ahold of him by the neck. Then they were rolling and kicking, Damien letting himself go loose at just the right time to avoid his neck being snapped. The whole clearing erupted in howls and yelps as each of the pairs of wolves began to battle.

The leader had begun to fight Dee. Damien could hear the high-pitched yips and the light patter of her paws dancing across the earth. He could hear everything. Time slowed to a crawl and then he kicked out. A lucky strike. He felt his claws take hold and tear into the wolf's side, all the way down his leg. The wolf tried to stand but collapsed in front of Damien. He whimpered, his scent overwhelmingly that of fear. Damien knew that he was scared to die. Completely crippled, though, he was no danger to Julia or to himself, and Damien needed to help the others.

He turned back to the leader. Jordan and the female seemed equally matched on the other side of the clearing. They were both being cautious; a good thing. It was good for the fight to take more time, now that their group outnumbered the other pack. Damien did not want to see Jordan hurt.

The leader backed up, his haunches to the bonfire. Dee and Damien circled around on opposite sides, closing in on him in the middle. Damien knew that attacking from two sides was always more than twice as effective, and Dee seemed to have the same idea. But with the fire so close, they could not get near him without the risk of being thrown in if he were to shove them aside. Jordan and the female clashed again, rolling toward the trees, and Damien knew that they must act soon to finish the fight. Dee tensed, and Damien moved in just a microsecond after she did. Trax spun to face Damien just as he moved in for a blow.

Suddenly, the heat of the bonfire dropped to almost nothing.

Damien was already in the middle of the motion and did not stop. He jumped forward and tore into Trax's hind leg with his teeth. The leader kicked out with his leg and shook Damien off, but the damage was done. Damien could hear his leg dragging as he spun toward Dee. He heard another snarl as Dee moved in and tried to snap at Trax's throat, darting back out after missing. She was too far away, entirely too far to do any damage. Was something wrong with her senses?

Then he realized that the bonfire had been covered with something to block out the light. It was his chance. He jumped forward again and landed on top of the leader. Quickly, he bit down on the scruff of Trax's neck. He tore at the wolf's back with his hind claws, slicing into his muscle. Trax reared back and howled. Dee lunged forward and bit at his underbelly. With one leg, Trax lashed out and caught her with his claws. Damien heard the flesh rip but held on with his teeth for dear life.

The scent of blood was overpowering, and Damien did not even smell the other wolves coming until they had already emerged from the trees. He heard Julia gasp, and the scent hit his nostrils all at once.

Kyle and Katherine.

Just at that moment, the leader whipped his body sideways, flinging Damien away. He flew across the clearing and hit a tree trunk. He slid to the ground, gasping for air. The breath was gone from his body. For a moment, when sound and air left the world, he thought that he was dead. How would he know? He might already be dead. Then the scents of blood and wolves came rushing into his nose, and he drew a ragged breath. He struggled to his feet, leaning against the trunk of the tree.

Damien shook his head but could not get his bearings. There were yelps echoing off of the cabin and the trees around him. His balance was thrown off by the ringing in his ears.

He gasped and breathed in the night air but there was not enough oxygen in it. He took a step forward, shaking on his leg. Under his paw he could not even feel the ground. The air grew warmer and Damien's ears began to separate out the sounds. He was turned around.

Turning back, he heard the leader's growl, the agonized squeal of Dee in pain. He lurched towards the sound. If he could only get one bite in, he would hold on for dear life. He would tear Trax's throat out. He would save Dee.

Then Kyle and Katherine's snarls sounded loudly in his ears. He stumbled, the tendon in his leg torn. He let out a yelp as he struggled to get up, but he could not walk.

"Take me," he whispered, but his words were lost in the sounds of the howling fight. "Take me instead."

His muscles gave, and he fell forward in surrender.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Julia watched in horror as the two people she loved most battled against the other wolves. Trax and his pack members seemed so strong, so much bigger, but as she watched, Damien won his struggle against the other wolf. Her heart leapt with hope as he turned to join Dee in the fight. The other wolf that he had injured lay bloody, his breaths shallow, just near Julia.

But she-she was a wolf too. She could shift. With a start, Julia realized that she would be able to fight if she'd just...

Just what? How do you change into wolf form? She focused her attention on her body and willed with all her might to shift. She imagined herself as a wolf, her hands growing claws.

Nothing. She couldn't do it.

With every lunge as Damien and Dee fought the leader, Julia's breath was held. Trax's teeth gleamed razor sharp, and he snapped his jaws so closely to Dee that she could not believe her grandmother was able to retreat at every try. Damien pushed forward, but every one of his attack was parried with a swipe of the leader's claws. With his strength and size, Trax had just enough of an advantage to keep them at bay. Jordan and the female wolf were rolling in combat, and Julia felt herself torn with the desire to help. She had to do something to help Dee. To help Damien.

Julia looked at the bonfire, and before the idea was even fully formed in her mind, she was rising and letting the blanket fall from her shoulders. She whipped it around as she took the few steps toward the bonfire. It was searingly hot but she didn't care. She flung the blanket across the flames and immediately the clearing was thrust into darkness.

Julia backed away to the cabin, listening to the growls and bites, the snaps, scared to be caught in the middle of the fray. Jordan and the woman slammed into the wall of the cabin next to her and she shied away from them. Her eyes adjusted to the dimness and saw Damien coming in for a jump, landing on top of Trax.

Only a few seconds passed before the blanket caught fire and then there was light again, brighter than before. The leader tore Damien off of his back. Julia screamed as she saw her grandmother's neck torn by Trax's claw. Then his body twisted and he tossed Damien as easily as if he were a puppy, across the clearing and into a tree. Julia felt her heart stop as she heard the loud crack of his body against the trunk of the tree. She stepped forward to go to him but then her grandmother struggled up again and Julia froze, unable to tear her eyes away from Dee.

Blood gushed over her white pelt, turning it scarlet. The blood spilled over her shoulders like a red shawl. Trax was hurt, but she was hurt too, and her agility was gone whereas his strength was still there. She backed up and then two other wolves were at her back from out of nowhere.

Julia gasped. Kyle and Katherine. Dee looked at them, then turned back to Trax. Tears ran down Julia's face. She couldn't look away. She knew what would happen, but her eyes were glued to Dee.

Then Kyle and Katherine sprang forward over Dee and at the leader. Katherine snapped at his haunches, catching his leg, and he howled in pain. Then Kyle bit down on his neck, and the howl turned into a gurgle. Blood rushed from his neck, pooling on the ground. By the light of the bonfire it looked almost black.

Dee limped toward the cabin. Julia ran over to her and bent down. Dee nuzzled her snout against Julia's nose.

It was the same gesture that Granny Dee made as a human: "Everything is alright."

Jordan was still fighting the female wolf, and Kyle and Katherine turned to her. She kicked away from Jordan, limping. She whimpered and backed up against the edge of the clearing, the three other wolves closing in on her.

"Stop."

Damien's voice was clear. Amid the hubbub, he had shifted back into human form and he now stood nak*d, stepping forward slowly with his arm clutching his chest in pain. Everyone stopped in their place. He addressed the female wolf directly.

"Your leader is dead. Join our pack."

She rolled over in a gesture of pure submission, exposing her belly. The other wolves retreated and Damien stood among them in the middle of the clearing, the light of the bonfire playing over his wounds. He turned his head to Julia, who stood nak*d along with him in the light of the flame.

"Julia," he said, and held his uninjured hand out to her. With Dee following in wolf form, she walked forward to him, her broken arm hugged close to her chest. When she reached him, he leaned forward and kissed her on the forehead. His voice, still in pain, was deep and low.

"Join my pack. Be my mate."

Julia looked up at Damien, his chest smeared with blood, his eyes golden in the light of the fire. She had never loved him so much.

"I already am," she said.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

"Ow! Could you not do that?"

"I don't know, could you stop being such a baby about a couple of stitches?"

On top of Julia's bed, Damien leaned his head back onto the pillow. Jordan pulled the last of the stitches tight and Damien winced.

"There, was that so bad?"

"Horrible," Damien said, unclenching his jaw. "How is the rest of the pack?"

"They're all recuperating downstairs." Jordan put the suturing tools back into his bag and snapped the clasp shut. "I think Kyle is trying to convince Katherine that part of his recovery requires sexual therapy."

"I didn't think Kyle was hurt in the fight," Damien said, lifting his arm so that Jordan could finish bandaging up his ribcage.

"He wasn't."

Damien chuckled. A knock came on the door.

"Go away, we're busy making pups!" Jordan called.

The door opened slightly and Kyle eased himself inside, the scent of guilt on him. Damien's smile quickly faded.

"Can I talk with you, sir?" Kyle asked. His voice was quiet, contrite.

"Yes," Damien said.

"I just need to finish bandaging this up," Jordan said apologetically.

"It's alright," Damien said. "You can stay. This won't take long."

Kyle entered the room and stood in front of the bed. His breaths were shallow.

"Sir, I-"

Damien held up his hand.

"Before you start to explain, I know that you are on my side. You and Katherine both. But there are a lot of questions that need answers. The pack needs answers."

Damien tried not to wince as Jordan tightened a bandage on his side. Kyle shifted his weight on his feet.

"I betrayed you, sir."

Damien waited. After a moment, Kyle continued.

"I lied. I-I betrayed the pack. But Katherine had nothing to do with it. Please. Even if you exile me, don't force her out."

Damien raised his eyebrows. "I don't think she could let you leave without coming with you."

Kyle exhaled, a long, deep sigh. A crack of guilt worked its way into his voice.

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I thought I could fight them off before they got to Julia."

"Your old pack? The ones you told about Julia?" A growl came into Damien's throat.

"I contacted them before I ever knew she was your mate!" he said. "I thought she was just a shifter."

"One you could throw to the wolves?" Damien snapped. Kyle choked on his words, and Damien waited for him to calm down before going on. "Kyle, that doesn't sound like you."

"I didn't know what they were planning to do! I thought they just wanted her to join the pack," he said.

"Why would she want to join a pack like that? Why would you?"

"When I was a pup...I don't know, it seemed different," Kyle said, speaking quickly. "It seemed more like a game. And the wolves were so strong, and I-I was so weak. I wanted to be like them. And then my leg got more twisted, and I knew I couldn't stay, but...but I always wanted to go back."

He sounded so young, and Damien could hear the pain in his voice.

"I'll do anything to make it right. And if you tell me to go, I'll go. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."

Jordan stood silently and began to gather the rest of his medical equipment. That was what good friends did; they talked when you needed it, and stayed out of the way when you needed it. Damien lay quietly, thinking. On a gut level, he'd wanted to throw Kyle out of the pack the instant he read the letter. The kid was right. He had betrayed the pack. And when Damien thought of what might have happened to Julia, his blood ran cold through his body.

And yet...he sensed that Kyle had matured after seeing Julia and the pack being threatened. There was no longer the brash certainty that he'd come with when Damien had first met him. While it was certain he had a long way to go, Damien thought that he could be trusted. At the very least, given another chance. Damien hated to think of the kid out on his own, with no pack to look after him.

"You can stay in the pack," Damien said flatly. "But if you ever lie to me again, you're gone."

Kyle swallowed hard.

"Thank you. I can't-I...Thank you so much."

"Can you tell Julia we're almost done here?" Damien said.

"Yes! Yes, yes, I'll go find her right away." Kyle nearly tripped on his way out of the room.

"You're going soft in your old age," Jordan said.

"Yeah, well, what could I do? The kid saved my life and Dee's."

"Is she coming into the pack, too?" Jordan asked.

"Why? You don't think she'll want to join?"

"Join?" Jordan laughed. "I think she'll challenge you for alpha status."

Julia came into the room, her perfume wafting through the air ahead of her. Damien inhaled her scent, calming down as she came to sit next to him.

"How's he doing, doctor?" she asked.

"I'm afraid I have bad news," Jordan said. "I was able to fix the cracked rib, but he's still blind."

Julia's worry vanished into good humor.

"Oh, no!" She squeezed Damien's arm in mock horror.

"Don't worry," Damien said. "The rest of me is in perfect health. And I do mean perfect." He slid his hand around Julia's waist, and she leaned over to kiss him.

"Well, I'll just take my leave then," Jordan said.

"Thank you," Julia said, a smile in her voice.

"Just doing my duty," Jordan said, clicking his heels together and closing the door behind him.

Damien kissed Julia again, pulling her in more closely.

"Thank you for letting Kyle stay," Julia said, her breath warm on his cheek. "He and Katherine are off celebrating. They're adorable together."

"Good. I was worried what you would think. He did sell you into slavery, after all."

"And then rescued me."

"I would think you'd be more upset."

Damien felt a mix of emotions flowing from Julia. He caressed her cheek and she kissed his hand softly.

"Truth be told," she said, "I'm happy that I learned about my past."

"Well of course you are. You didn't crack any ribs." Damien grinned.

"I'll crack another one if you keep sassing me," Julia said.

Damien pressed his hand on hers, turning serious. "What did your grandmother tell you? About, you know..."

"About shifting? She says she doesn't know if I'll ever be able to shift again," Julia said. "It didn't work, you know, when I tried it during the fight. Dee says it's the procedure they did."

"She doesn't know how to reverse the process?"

"No," Julia said. "But she thinks we will be able to have children. Shifter children."

"Children? Isn't that a little presumptuous?" Damien teased, arching his eyebrow.

"Hey, I said no sass!"

"What if I want you to break another one of my ribs?" Damien said, pulling Julia completely down onto the bed next to him.

She laughed and ran one hand down his chest.

"Don't worry," she said. "I can be gentle."

Damien breathed in as Julia's hand moved down to unzip his pants. Her fingers slid under the fabric of his underwear and wrapped around his already growing member.

"Julia-"

"Shh," she whispered, moving herself down to where his pants were bulging. His heart beat faster as she pulled down his pants and exposed him. Her breath felt deliciously hot against his head, and he twitched in anticipation. Softly at first, her tongue darted out and licked the tip of his head. Immediately he became entirely stiff.

He could feel her so well now that she was touching him. He could sense every emotion that flickered through her mind, and what he found there made him breathless.

Love, and so much there that he wanted to take her in his arms and hold her and tell her that yes, he loved her too, he would always love her. But more than that now, was the pulsing, insistent desire. She wanted him, she wanted to make him happy, wanted to be with him in every conceivable way. And again, now, he heard words floating through the ether and into his thoughts, like a whisper on the wind that he could barely make out.

You. You're the one. My prince. You're mine.

Thoughts turned into blank explosions of sensation as Julia took him into her mouth, her tongue pressing up at the underside of his shaft. She slid herself down, then up along his cock. He regretted not being able to see just then. He wanted to watch her take him inside of her mouth. He wanted to see her beautiful eyes, meet them with his. Then she swirled her tongue around the tip of his head and he leaned back into the pillow, groaning. Well, at least blindness enhanced his other sensations.

Her hands began to stroke his balls, softly at first, then cupping them. One hand gripped his shaft at the base. He bucked against the pressure, aching to have her take him again entirely, to feel her lips stroking the sensitive skin of his head. A shock of pain jolted through him from his rib, and he yelped softly. She pulled back and he moaned.

"Please," he said.

"Hold still," she said. "You're going to mess up all of Jordan's hard work."

"That's nothing," Damien said. "He can always sew me back up again."

"You are irredeemably naughty."

Damien had a retort in his mind, but he somehow lost the words when Julia's mouth returned to his c*ck with a light lick.

"Tell me what you want," Julia said. "I don't...I don't quite know how to do this."

"Could have fooled me," Damien said. He sensed her anxiousness and reached down, caressing her hair. If she wanted him to guide her, he would do it gladly.

"Take me in your mouth," he said. He guided her with his hand gently, arching his back slightly. Her tongue swirled over the tip of his head and when she sucked there, it sent thrills of delight through him.

"Harder," he whispered. The pressure increased and he moaned.

"I wish you could feel what this does to me," he said. "Oh, Julia-"

The twisting ache of his desire built and built until he was ready to burst. He felt her lust rising along with his, and the emotion echoed through his body, building with each reverberation until every nerve of his was vibrating with unreleased pressure.

"Wait," he said. "I want to be inside of you."

"Damien, I have a broken arm and you have a broken rib. Do you really think that's a good idea?"

Damien grinned.

"You said you could be gentle."

Julia laughed and threw her leg across him, easing her body down onto his. He held her waist with both hands, guiding himself toward her.

Her smell was delicious, her soft perfume mixing with the scent of her juices. He knew that she was wet with desire for him, and it made him glad to know that she wanted him as much as he wanted her. Groaning, he thrust himself upward into her hot slick center.

"Ohh!" she cried. He felt what she felt-the terrible hot longing, the sensation of being filled, of being completed. So that was what it was like for her.

She began to rock slowly, working his hard c*ck deeper and deeper into her core. The pressure inside of him rose and rose, and still he held back, biting his lip to keep himself from letting go. He wanted to be with her when she found her pleasure, wanted to experience the feeling along with her. He could sense it already, the clenching of her body around him, and it drove him wild.

Rocking with her, he thrust his h*ps slightly upward to meet her, and she moaned with each thrust. The pain in his rib did not matter, nothing else mattered but the seal between the two of them, this connection that made the rest of the world disappear. He slid one hand up her thigh and grabbed her hip tightly, guiding her in circles against his muscle, and tight unwindings of pleasure shot away from her, rolled over his body and met with his pleasure.

"Damien, I'm going to-I'm going to-"

"Yes," Damien whispered, and thrust upwards again, hard, keeping the rhythm until he felt her pent-up tension explode outward, rolling over him in waves and waves of ecstasy.

"Ohhhh!" She tightened around him and cried out softly, her moan stifled with her hand.

With one more thrust he was there, and he groaned in pleasure as he shot his seed into her hot accepting core.

"Julia! Julia!"

The waves of her bliss continued to roll through his body, making him twitch with each shudder. The waves ebbed into ripples, and then into a calm peace, a desire quenched. Julia rolled off of him and lay her body down next to him on the bed. He turned his head and leaned to kiss her, her lips still hot with exertion.

"So, children?" he asked. She laughed in delight.

"We'll see what happens," she said, cuddling up with her injured arm resting softly on his chest.

He had more questions than answers about what would happen next, but he did not want to break the moment with words. There was plenty of time to figure out their future.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

*** Three months later...***

Julia walked through the forest at night with just a single candle to light her way. The trail of her white dress glided along the forest floor. The ceremony had been planned quickly, but Granny Dee had taken her aside at the start of it. She'd opened the trunk in her room and pulled out her dress from when she'd bonded with Charles.

"You don't need to wear the same one," Dee had said, uncharacteristically hesitant. "If you'd rather get another dress..."

"No!" Julia had cried. "I love it!"

She did. After a few alterations, the dress had fit her perfectly, and now as she stepped through the forest alone towards the gathering she looked down to admire it. Gossamer fabric clung to her curves and fluttered as she moved. The dress had faux sleeves that left her shoulders bare, and the silky white fabric bustled together at the small of her back and hung down to the trailing hem. It was a simple dress, but the beauty of it was in the simplicity, and as she walked in soft slippers across the trail towards the ceremony she thought that perhaps these were the dresses that angels wore. It was like wearing air.

The trail led through a dense forest, and although it was dark, Julia was careful not to let the skirt hem snag as she made her way through the brush. The trail opened up, and she knew that she was close. She could hear the low hum of chanting just ahead.

She paused just then, looking up at the sky. The stars shone brilliantly here, so far away from the city. She could make out Cassiopeia on the western horizon, the bright twinkles of light linked together indelibly by their closeness in the vast universe, at least from their perspective. A tingling sensation ran through her body. She was so small, just a tiny, insignificant part of the immense fabric of space, and her very insignificance gave her courage. She turned her attention back to the trail and smiled, taking a step forward toward the place where she would bond with Damien. Time was endless, but she would not make him wait.

As she neared the clearing, the chanting grew clearer. Low bass notes mingled with high melody, and she could make out the Lycarin words that Damien had taught her.

Elthier'a le tan riel ayale,

E kine amelia, te karian marale.

We come today to bond together,

A family grows, two hearts become one.

She stepped through the entryway and gasped at the sight. Each person held a candle above their white robes, the flames flickering softly and lighting their faces. The clearing opened out to a ridge line that dropped down into a steep canyon.

Julia and Damien had picked out the spot themselves, but Julia had only ever seen it in the daylight. At night, under the light of the full moon, the canyon seemed to stretch out forever in the distance. The soft blue light flooded the canyon, filling it with a calm, ethereal beauty. Stars twinkled overhead and the band of the galaxy stretched across the canyon like a rainbow of light in the sky. The warm flames of the candles lit the faces of all the guests there as they sang the last verse and the voices disappeared into silence.

Damien stood at the ridge line next to Granny Dee, the guests in two arcs around them both. He wore a suit, and Dee, like all of the other guests, was dressed in white robes. The effect was stunning. Dee had explained to her that for the bonding ceremony every person other than the two mates would be dressed alike, in white to represent the purity of the occasion and to show the tie between family members of the pack. Julia's heart swelled as she saw Jordan standing next to Kyle and Katherine, their faces bright with joy. This was the happiest moment of her life yet, and soon she would be bonded forever, joined to the pack as much as she was joined to Damien.

Julia walked through the center of the clearing towards the man who she would spend the rest of her days with. She knew that he could read her heart, and she sent all of her love towards him. He smiled.

Dee raised her hands, and the murmuring of the crowd ebbed into silence. Julia took her place in front of Dee, just across from Damien, and smiled nervously at her grandmother. Dee smiled back, lowered her hands, and spoke.

"We gather here in moonlight to mark the bonding of one heart to another," she said. "Let us hear first the story of bonding, as it has been told since the first day of the first year of the world.

"It is said every animal is born in the sky first. We travel here to earth to seek out our bodies, and live our days before returning to the sky. In the early world, before Time was broken into pieces, there was only one of each creature. We came to earth whole and lived our lives separately. But the gods saw that although there was peace, we were lonely creatures. They did not know how to solve this problem and Araken, god of living creatures, was sent to find a solution.

"But Araken was lazy, and did not love the creatures that had been given to his care. He came up with an idea to break apart the animals in the sky before they came to earth, to solve the problem by getting rid of the animal souls. He reared back to deliver the blow with his paw. But he did not realize his strength, and with that one blow he shattered all of the matter in the universe. Stars broke apart into chunks of rock and fire, and souls broke apart into hundreds of shards.

"Knowing what he had done, Araken hid from the Lord of the universe, Kar. Kar looked down and saw her creation smashed to pieces. She wept for the destruction that Araken had caused, and then she set to fixing it. At first she tried to gather the pieces of the stars and souls with her hands and weave them back together, but she soon realized that it would take her longer to mend than even creating the universe had taken. There must be another way.

"Gathering all of her energy, she sent out a pulse of thought that rippled through space from one end of the universe to the other and set all of the particles in the sky to vibrating. In them, the vibrations created a hunger."

Dee paused and looked up at the sky. The stars overhead seemed to twinkle and glow with the truth of her words. Goosebumps rose on Julia's skin, though she was not cold. She clutched the candle in front of her, looking at the light from Damien's own candle playing over his features. He was more handsome than ever, she thought, and she ached to throw her arms around him right then. Dee continued her story.

"This hunger guides all of us, from the highest of creatures to the lowest of atoms. There is in all of us a need to draw together with our soulmates. And when we find them, we bond and hold fast, for we know that without them we are lost forever.

"Kar looked down on her creations and saw that though there was still loneliness among them, the hunger she had brought into their beings gave them meaning. And every time two pieces of a soul or star bonded, a burst of loving, joyful energy was released. And this was good. She sought out Araken and told him that as punishment for his laziness, he would spend the rest of eternity finding out soulmates and guiding them towards each other. In this way, he would speed the progress of unity. And when he was done and all beings were united, he would have to break apart the universe again and again, and again reassemble it. This, she said, would be both his punishment and his reward, for wherever he went and brought two pieces of soul together, he was bathed in happiness and love. And so the universe is broken and repaired in an eternal cycle. Araken guides us toward the other being that houses the part of our soul that had previously been lost to us."

Dee looked from Julia to Damien and back again.

"By Kar's light and goodness, we come together tonight to see these two pieces of soul united. Our pack embraces their bonding and wishes them well on their paths, now united. And when they return to the sky, they will come together as one soul. We begin with two flames of light coming as one."

Dee held out her unlit candle, and Damien and Julia held out theirs. Julia guided Damien's hand, trembling, and they both lit the candle in the middle. They blew out their own candles and Dee put them aside, keeping the middle one lit between them.

"No longer two separate beings, you are bonded for life. You must hold each other tightly, and protect each other, from now until you return to the earth. Have you your vows written?"

Julia nodded and pulled out a piece of paper. Damien tapped the side of his temple with his finger, and Dee laughed in apology.

"Damien," Julia began, taking his hand with hers. She had written ten different drafts of her vows, and thrown them all away. Last night, though, they had slept apart and she had realized what she wanted most to say.

"When we first met, I knew that you were the man I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. You treated me with kindness and love. Now that I've come to know you in a deeper way, I want to be with you more than ever. I promise to be faithful to you, to support you when you need support and to lean on you when I am weak."

Julia swallowed hard. Choking back her tears, she continued reading. Damien squeezed her fingers in support, and she looked up into his tender expression. She spoke the last part of her vow without looking at the paper she was holding.

"How can I express my love? How can I tell you the feeling in my heart when you take my hand? This is a feeling that I can't even understand myself. It takes me up and lifts me into a sacred place, it makes me realize that I am not a whole person without you. It hurts me. It heals me. It is a feeling that binds me so tightly that sometimes I can't breathe. And when you kiss me, I know that I am yours forever and for always, and the whole world lights up with my love. Damien, you are special to me and I promise that nothing will ever come between us. I vow from this moment on to keep you in my heart, just as I hope you will keep me in yours."

Julia folded the paper and put it aside. When she looked back up at Damien, she saw that his lips were trembling slightly. He smiled and took her other hand, pressing them tightly in his. When he spoke, though, his voice rang out in confidence.

"Julia, my love, my heart. I was lost before I met you. Now that we have found each other, I can't say or do enough to show that I want to hold you to me forever and never let go. In the darkness, you are my light. In sorrow, you are my joy. I promise to cherish you, to be faithful to you, to love you without any hesitation. I promise to protect you and keep you by my side, to treat you as my equal even though you're way, way, way better than me."

The pack members laughed lightly and Damien grinned. Julia felt tears welling up again behind her eyes as he spoke.

"I want to share everything with you, Julia. I want you to be my mate, and I want you to mother my children. I want you so much that it takes my breath away. Be mine, and let me be yours, and I promise you that we will make a beautiful life together."

Julia could not help the tears streaming down her cheeks as he finished his vow.

"Now," Dee said, "Damien, do you bond yourself to Julia by the light of the moon?"

"By the light of the moon, I bond myself to thee, Julia, my one true mate, now and forever."

"And do you, Julia, bond yourself to Damien by the light of the moon."

Julia could barely choke out the words through her joyful tears.

"By the light of the moon, I bond myself to thee, Damien, my one true mate, now and forever."

"Then go and be blessed," Dee said.

Damien took Julia into his arms and swept her up into a deep kiss. All of the guests cheered, and Julia closed her eyes, feeling Damien's lips pressing against hers, taking her breath away. At that instant, she felt again the connection that had drawn them together and would stay with them for all of their lives. Julia broke the kiss, wiping her eyes with her hand and then throwing her arms back around Damien's neck in a tight embrace. Although her arm still ached from the accident, she could not feel the pain past all of the joy that rushed to her heart at that moment. His lips brushed her ear.

"My mate," Damien whispered. "Mine forever."

"Yes," Julia said. "Forever and ever." Her heart swelled as she took his hand and turned to face the guests.

It was time to start their lives together.

