One

One minute Valerie Wolitzky was drinking margaritas with her two pals, Astrid Lindberg and Melanie Shaw, in their favorite Dallas watering hole, Golden Spurs and Stetsons. The next minute an alarm shrieked, and Val leaped from her seat, knocking over her chair and her drink. She had to get out. Now.

Panic buzzed in her ears as she charged the front door. She had to beat the mob of people. If she didn't, she'd be trapped ... just like before.

Wham! She hit a solid wall of muscle and staggered back. A cowboy blocked her way. She shoved him hard. "Let me out!"

He grabbed her shoulders. "Hold on, there, ma'am. What's the problem?"

Was he an idiot? With adrenaline-fueled strength, she pushed him aside and barreled through the door, almost knocking down a second man who was right behind him. But she got out the door.

Safe! She was safe! Shaking, she leaned over and braced her hands on her knees as she gulped for air. The warm breeze of a summer night touched her wet cheeks. She swiped at them as she slowly straightened. She needed to sit down, but there was nowhere to-

"Val!" Astrid's shout penetrated the buzzing in her ears, and she turned. Her two friends burst through the door of the bar and rushed toward her.

Relief that they were okay was followed by hot shame. She hadn't thought of them, hadn't even tried to save them. She'd only thought of herself.

"Omigod, Val." Melanie, brown hair flying, reached her first and hugged her. "It's okay. Some smoking oil set off the smoke detector in the kitchen. It's okay. It's okay."

Filled with gratitude for her friend's safety, Val hugged her back without paying much attention to what she was saying.

Astrid joined the huddle and rubbed Val's back. "Easy, girlfriend. Take it easy. Everything's fine."

Gradually Valerie's heartbeat slowed, and the grip of fear eased. She took a quivering breath and wondered why she wasn't hearing sirens. She stepped out of Melanie's embrace and looked around. "Where are the fire trucks?"

"There's no fire." Astrid continued to stroke her back. "Just a little smoke."

"Did they evacuate the building?"

"No, sweetie." Melanie gazed at her with compassion. "They shut off the alarm right away and came out of the kitchen to explain the problem."

Valerie's heart started pounding again. Dear God. "I was ... the only one who ran out?"

Both Melanie and Astrid nodded.

"Well, except us," Melanie added. "We took off after you."

"Oh, no." Val covered her face as embarrassment flooded through her, scorching her cheeks. She'd overreacted. Caused a scene. Involved her friends in her craziness. Slowly she lowered her hands and stared at them in misery. "I'm so sorry," she whispered.

"Don't worry about it." Astrid squeezed her arm. "But Val, it's time to get serious about-"

"Ma'am? Are you all right?" The cowboy Valerie had smacked into when she fled now walked over to her, trailed by the other guy, who wore a business suit. They both looked worried.

Val thought of the old cliche and wished the sidewalk really would open up and swallow her. "Yes, thank you." She wished the words didn't sound so wobbly and uncertain.

"You don't look all right." The cowboy kept coming. He had a purposeful John Wayne stride, and he towered over the other man. "You're shaking like a newborn foal. What happened in there?"

Melanie put a protective arm around Val's shoulder. "Thanks for your concern, but she'll be fine."

He paused and tipped his Stetson back with his thumb. "I'm sure she will. I just ... was it the smoke alarm that spooked you? I heard it go off right before I got to the door."

He seemed like a nice guy who only wanted to help. Val couldn't fault him for that, especially after she'd tried to knock him down in her full-out panic mode. He must have seen the terror in her eyes. "I'm afraid I overreacted." She cleared her throat and summoned her lawyer's voice. "I apologize for plowing into you and yelling. That was rude."

"No worries." He glanced at Astrid and Melanie, standing on either side of her. "I'm glad your friends are here." He hesitated before bringing his attention back to Val.

His eyes were gray. Not a gloomy, dark sort of gray, but light, almost silver. They shone with kindness. "Listen, I don't know you at all, and I'm probably butting in where I have no business, but I understand a little something about post-traumatic stress." He turned to the man who'd come up behind him. "And my buddy Will wrote the book on it. Literally." He looked at Val again. "If you need-"

"To see someone?" She managed not to choke on the words. "I appreciate the thought, but I have that covered." She had nothing covered, because she was determined to handle the issue herself, despite what her friends thought she should do. But he didn't have to know any of that.

"Good. That's good. But if you need a second opinion, I highly recommend Will. Say, Will, you have any cards with you?"

"I think so." The man reached inside his suit jacket. "Yep. Here's one."

Val stepped back, away from the outstretched business card. If she ever decided to go that route, she'd find her own shrink. Locating the right person would require lots of research. A chance meeting on the sidewalk didn't qualify as an intelligent method for hiring a professional therapist. "Thanks, but I-"

"I'll take it." Astrid reached for the card. She looked at the name printed there before tucking the card in her jeans pocket. Then she exchanged a glance with the cowboy.

Val figured that the wordless message between Astrid and the cowboy was along the lines of I can handle it from here.

As if to confirm that, the cowboy touched the brim of his hat, a classic farewell gesture. "We've kept you ladies long enough. I'm glad you're all right, ma'am. You three have a nice evening." Both men turned and headed back toward the bar.

Val swung to face Astrid. "I know what you're up to, but I'm not making an appointment with some guy I met on the street."

"Oh, yes, you are." Astrid's blue eyes flashed with determination. She was small and blond, but anyone who underestimated her because of that would be making a huge mistake. "He's not just some guy. He's Will Bryan, who's appeared on lots of talk shows because of his book on PTSD. I've seen him on TV, but somehow I missed the fact that he's from Dallas."

"So he's famous? Then I'll bet he's booked solid." That should take care of that.

Melanie spoke up. "If he's booked solid, he would have said so instead of handing over his card. Anyway, that cowboy seems to be his good friend, and he suggested you contact this Will guy. If you mention to Will that you were the tall redhead he met outside the Golden Spurs and Stetsons, I'm sure he'll work you in."

"Yeah, and charge me a million bucks now that he's so well-known." Another excellent reason why she wouldn't be calling him.

Astrid's jaw firmed. "Being prominent doesn't necessarily mean he charges more than anyone else. And if his fee is really high, then I'll-"

"No, you won't, Astrid Lindberg. I've never taken money from you, and I won't start now." Val, Astrid, and Melanie had been sorority sisters. Fortunately Astrid's wealthy background hadn't been a barrier to their friendship, even though Melanie and Val had scraped through school with scholarships and student loans and Astrid had sailed along on her parents' considerable money.

"You can pay me back later."

"No." Val shook her head. "Look, I don't need a celebrity therapist."

"Maybe not, but you need a therapist, and you're making no progress toward getting one." Astrid pulled the card out of her pocket. "It's been months since the concert hall fire, and you're not getting better on your own. This guy showing up right when you had a meltdown seems like it was meant to be."

Val's stomach churned. Until that awful night of the fire and the stampede, she'd prided herself on her self-sufficiency and emotional stability. Now she freaked at every little thing. She hated feeling so out of control these days, but the idea of allowing some stranger to probe into her vulnerability made her break out in a cold sweat. "I just need time."

"No, you don't." Melanie put her arm around Val's shoulders again, and her grip was tighter than before. Melanie's curves made her look soft, but she had a backbone of steel. "You've had time, and nothing's changed. This is a fabulous opportunity, and you're going to see this therapist ... even if we have to hog-tie you and haul you there ourselves."

Astrid sighed in obvious relief. "Well said, Melanie. So here's the deal, Val. We're your best friends, and we can't stand by and watch this train wreck any longer. You've stopped dating. You've turned down a promotion at the law firm. You insist on sitting at the table by the front door when we go out anywhere. Enough."

Val looked from one determined expression to the other. The thought of doing what her friends demanded scared the shit out of her, but they were right. She was stuck in a prison of her own making. And now she'd dragged them into it. "Okay." She swallowed. "I'll do it."

* * *

Nine in the morning, and already the sun felt like a branding iron on Adam Templeton's shoulders as he walked toward the barn. On most days, heading down to see his horses calmed him, but not this morning. What the hell had he gotten himself into?

Will thought it was hysterically funny that Adam was nervous about working with Valerie Wolitzky, especially since Adam had been the one to prompt Will into providing his card outside the Golden Spurs and Stetsons. You've dealt with battle-scarred soldiers who are a thousand times more traumatized than she is, Will had said. She'll be a piece of cake compared to them.

Oh, yeah, she'd be a piece of cake, all right. Sweet and tempting. Of course, she could be married or seeing someone. That would help. His divorce from Elise was only fifteen months old, and Adam felt battle-scarred himself.

He'd mentioned to Will that all the folks he'd worked with thus far had been men. Will had told him that wouldn't always be the case. Female soldiers came home with PTSD, too. If Adam was serious about this new direction in his life, he'd need to help women as well as men.

Well, yeah, point taken. And Adam was serious about this venture. He hadn't resigned his position as CEO of the family corporation and turned it over to his younger brother so that he could play cowboy, as Elise had termed it.

He'd never enjoyed the corporate world, but his little brother loved it. Nate was thrilled that Adam had bucked tradition and given him control of the family's holdings. For years, Adam had unquestioningly followed the path laid out by his father and grandfather, a path Elise and her parents had approved of. None of those people could dictate to him now.

His grandfather and father had both died in their fifties of heart attacks, and Elise had married another billionaire, so even the alimony payments weren't an issue anymore. He'd taken inventory of his situation and decided he had enough money to last several lifetimes. He had the luxury of doing what he loved and making his brother Nate happy at the same time.

After consulting with Will, a close friend since high school, Adam had returned to his first passion-horses and ranching. He'd bought the Triple Bar and enough registered quarter horses to start a breeding operation. But the breeding was more of a hobby, rather than Adam's primary purpose in buying the ranch.

Equine therapy was catching on in the mental health community, and Will was a strong proponent of using animals to connect with tortured individuals. Adam loved the idea that this ranch, which he'd bought to satisfy his own yearnings, also could be a healing place for those who'd been battered by war and other calamities.

He was only about six months into it, but so far, the process had been rewarding. Apparently teaching people how to care for and interact with horses was a good companion activity to Will's therapy sessions. Adam had watched several vets regain some peace of mind through interacting with his animals.

Intellectually he'd known his charges wouldn't always be men, although up to now they had been. But why did the first woman have to be a scrappy female defiantly hiding her vulnerability? She'd obviously prefer to go down in flames rather than admit she needed help. Her friends must have done some serious arm-twisting to get her into Will's office.

That type of personality never failed to trip the switch on Adam's protective instincts. On top of that, she was a long-legged redhead with porcelain skin and green eyes, a knockout who would interest any man with a pulse. He hadn't explained any of that to Will, but they'd been friends for a long time. He wouldn't put it past Will to have sent her out here on purpose.

It would be just like him, and he had a legitimate right to interfere in Adam's social life. Will had suffered through countless rants during Adam's messy divorce from Elise. Will, a lucky cuss who'd found the right woman right off the bat, had strongly suggested that Adam should get back in the game and stop hiding. He thought Adam still had his own demons to slay, and he was probably right.

But Adam didn't feel ready to engage in that battle just yet. So what if he was attracted to the lovely Miss Wolitzky? He'd control himself. He was here to help her bond with horses and resolve her fears, whatever they might be. Because of patient confidentiality, Will never discussed specifics with Adam.

Valerie had instructions to meet him at the barn. Will had told her that Adam was the same guy she'd run into when she'd dashed out of the bar in such a panic. According to Will, she hadn't been particularly happy about that, because the incident had embarrassed her no end.

That hardly surprised him. So maybe they were even. He was worried about having her come to his ranch, and she didn't want to be there. But she had a problem, and Will believed the horses could help her solve it.

The barn wasn't air conditioned, at least not yet. Adam could easily afford to do it, but an air conditioned barn, one with doors and windows permanently closed all summer, wasn't part of his ranching fantasy, so he'd held off. Heating the place in the winter didn't bother him, but he'd balked at air conditioning.

Instead he'd installed fans in the rafters, and they worked reasonably well. The hands had been through the barn already this morning, mucking stalls and spreading clean straw. Adam took a deep breath, enjoying the blended aromas of fresh straw and aged wood.

It was an older structure, but huge. He planned to preserve the ambiance and add a few things, like open-air enclosures outside most of the stalls, especially the large ones where he'd house his brood mares. He'd wanted this ranch life since he'd been five, and now he had it.

All the horses had been turned out into the pasture except Rocket Fuel, the gelding Adam had designated as the horse Valerie would work with, and a mare and her new foal. The bay mare, Saucy Lady, promised to be a valuable brood mare. Her mostly black colt, Naughty Boy, had been sold before his birth to a Dallas-area stable.

Adam was on his way down the concrete aisle between the stalls to check on Saucy Lady and Naughty Boy when he heard a car pull up outside. He glanced at the barn clock. Nine fifteen. If that was Valerie, she was right on time.

Retracing his steps, he grabbed a clipboard off the wall. She'd have to sign a waiver before he let her near any of his horses. His lawyers had also insisted that he post an indemnification sign in a prominent spot now that he was helping Will's clients. A billionaire was a juicy target for lawsuits.

As he approached the open barn door, he mentally prepared himself to be friendly yet businesslike. Damn it, he'd never had this kind of anxiety when welcoming Will's other patients. But no matter how he'd tried to reframe this meeting, it felt exactly like a date, and he was sadly out of practice for those.

He walked into the sunshine and found her standing beside her jaunty little black sports car. She looked anything but jaunty, though. She stood ramrod-straight, arms at her sides, her expression an unyielding mask, her eyes hidden behind large sunglasses.

Her jeans looked new, and so did her brown boots. She wore a plain white T-shirt tucked in, which emphasized her narrow h*ps and long legs. The pristine straw cowboy hat dangling from her slender fingers had obviously never seen service.

She could have been a mannequin in a store window except for her hair. Boyishly short and tousled, it blazed in shades of deep orange and seemed to radiate energy. He couldn't stop looking at that hair, which provided the only evidence of her inner fire, a fire he knew existed. He'd been on the receiving end when she'd erupted.

He dragged in a breath. Keeping his distance from Valerie Wolitzky was going to be a challenge.

Two

He was at least as tall as Valerie remembered, maybe an inch or two taller. Not many men made her feel petite, but this one did. Adam Templeton, quarter-horse breeder, former corporate raider, rich dude. Will hadn't told her any of that, but once she'd learned the name of the cowboy who would be helping her become better acquainted with horses, she'd Googled him. What she hadn't discovered on the Internet, she'd learned from her friends.

Between Astrid, who had many connections among Dallas's wealthiest citizens, and Melanie, who was engaged to Dallas billionaire Drew Eldridge, Val had found out about Adam's divorce and his recent decision to leave the corporate world. Now he raised horses and helped Will rehabilitate returning vets.

But in his shift to a rural lifestyle, he'd spared no expense. Driving in on a freshly-paved road, she'd glimpsed an elegant two-story house on a rise overlooking a ranching operation that had to be worth millions. Sleek horses with glossy coats grazed in pastures bordered with sparkling white fences. All the numerous outbuildings had fresh coats of tan paint.

She'd noticed two cowboys on horseback crossing one of the pastures. Another was inside one of the corrals exercising a horse with the use of a long line that allowed the horse to trot in a circle, and yet another cowhand was raking an empty corral near the barn. She hadn't seen a single weed growing anywhere.

The owner of all that perfection stood before her looking like a good ol' boy in his worn Stetson, faded jeans, and scuffed boots. She wasn't fooled. Anyone who took note of his body language would recognize a man who wielded power. His broad shoulders were thrown back, his stance was slightly open, and his square jaw was firm. Intelligence gleamed in his silver eyes.

And something else flickered briefly in those eyes, something that made her jumpy nerves fizz even more-sexual interest. He doused the flame immediately, but not before she felt an unwelcome response in her own traitorous body. A girl could be forgiven for that, she supposed. The guy was, after all, gorgeous.

But she'd sworn off men for the time being. The last one she'd trusted had abandoned her to the crush of bodies trying to escape the concert hall. Intellectually she knew that not all men were cowards and not all crowds would turn into mobs, but that logical conclusion hadn't filtered into her subconscious, which remained on red alert.

She adopted the tone she used on the phone with new clients. "Good morning, Mr. Templeton. Thank you for fitting me into your schedule."

"Good morning, Miss Wolitzky." A trace of humor laced his words. "Do you think we could loosen up enough to call each other by our given names?"

"I can if you can ... Adam." He had an honest, solid name. She didn't know anyone else with that name, so using it shouldn't affect her one way or the other. Yet just saying it out loud established a greater sense of intimacy, at least for her.

"Then that much is settled ... Valerie." The telltale flicker was back in his eyes. He extinguished it and held out the clipboard in his hand. "Before we get started, I need you to sign a waiver."

"Naturally." Will had told her about this, and she would have been suspicious of anyone who didn't require it. As a lawyer, she liked to find evidence of legal clarity. Stepping forward, she took the clipboard and glanced over the standard waiver that absolved him of any responsibility for her fragile self.

She signed the waiver with the pen attached to the clipboard with a string. Considering what this guy was worth, she was surprised he didn't have his lawyer standing by to witness it.

He gestured toward the barn. "Come on inside and I'll introduce you to Rocket Fuel." He stood aside to let her go in first.

She planted both feet and stayed where she was. "Rocket Fuel?" She'd heard of cowboys who delighted in putting greenhorns up on the meanest horse in the barn. She'd just signed a waiver giving him carte blanche when it came to her personal safety. She wasn't about to climb aboard a horse named Rocket Fuel.

The corner of his mouth kicked up in a smile. "His racing days are over, I'm afraid. At one time he could launch himself from the starting gate with blinding speed, but now he just makes a good saddle horse."

She wasn't convinced. "Did Will happen to mention anything about my riding experience?"

"Nope. He deliberately tells me as little as possible about his patients. Figures it's up to them to say whatever they care to. Assume I know nothing about you except your name."

She peered at him. "I knew he wouldn't reveal the personal things we talked about during our sessions, but the horse stuff isn't exactly privileged information."

"Maybe not, but he believes it's better if I start with no preconceived ideas about what you can and can't do, or what you will or won't do, for that matter. He leaves it up to you to fill me in."

"Oh." She debated just how honest to be. God, this was hard. She hated being out of her depth in any situation. "Well ... I'm not used to being around full-sized horses."

"Ponies, then?"

She nodded. Hell, she might as well lay it all out. "As in pony rides, the kind where they're hitched to spokes and you just go round and round." She waited for him to laugh, or at least chuckle.

He did neither. Instead he gazed at her the way he had after the embarrassing incident outside the bar-with kindness. "Okay. Did you like it?"

"Not much. It was boring. I'm sure it was even more boring for the ponies."

"No doubt. So how do you feel about getting acquainted with a full-sized horse?"

Her first impulse was to say it would be no big deal. Both of her best friends were good riders. Melanie had grown up on a small ranch and had ridden practically since birth. Astrid could ride both English and Western, and she was now a large-animal vet.

Melanie and Astrid had been extremely enthusiastic about Will's suggestion that Val try working with horses as a way to calm her fears. Horses didn't scare her friends, and they'd assumed she wasn't afraid either. She'd never contradicted that belief.

"I could probably ride one," she said.

"You probably could," Adam said. "But let's start with grooming the horse. Rocket Fuel loves to be brushed. He'd be in seventh heaven if you'd spend some time this morning doing that."

"Okay." She heard the relief in her voice and winced. But all the way out here she'd wondered what this horse interaction involved and whether she'd be expected to get on a thousand-pound animal she had no idea how to control and gallop off into the sunset.

Will had been vague about the process and had said that Adam tailored it to fit the individual. She'd told him she wasn't much of a rider, but he'd assured her that wasn't important.

Because she wasn't stupid, she knew Will was sending her into an unfamiliar situation on purpose so that she could have a chance to move out of her comfort zone in a relatively safe environment. He obviously trusted Adam Templeton a great deal.

But could she trust Adam? She barely knew him. Will's good opinion of him was helpful, but Will was one of his best friends and might be giving Adam more credit than he deserved.

Brushing a horse sounded innocuous enough, though, so she stepped inside the barn. Once out of the sunlight, she had to take off her shades or risk tripping over her own feet. That possibility was even greater because this was a first outing for her boots and she wasn't used to them yet.

Propping her shades on top of her head, she accompanied Adam past a row of stalls. The scent of hay reminded her of a high school hayride and making out with her teenaged boyfriend. She'd bet Adam Templeton was a great kisser. Confident men like him usually were, because they had nothing to prove.

She, however, would not be finding out about his kissing abilities. Even as she thought that, she couldn't help sneaking a sideways look to check out his mouth. He had a full bottom lip, which was often a good beginning to a hot kiss. Not that she'd ever find out if his mouth lived up to its potential.

Wow, this was one long-ass aisle. "How come all the stalls are empty?" she asked.

"We turn the horses out in the pasture unless the weather's lousy. It's not good for them to stay cooped up in the barn."

"Makes sense. So Rocket Fuel had to stay behind because of me?"

"Yes, but you can make it up to him with a good grooming session."

Right then a horse with a white blaze down its face stuck its head over a stall door and stared at them. Those big brown eyes looked friendly.

"Is that Rocket Fuel?" Valerie asked. If so, he wasn't quite so scary.

"No, that's Saucy Lady."

"Why isn't she out in the pasture?"

"She foaled yesterday, so we're keeping them both close for a while."

"A baby horse?" Now that was more like it. She could deal with a baby any old day. "Could I brush the foal instead?"

"Maybe another day you can. Saucy Lady doesn't know you yet, and she's protective of her foal. We'll be better off with Rocket Fuel."

"Understood. Do you think she'd let me peek in the stall?"

"Sure, if I'm there, she should be fine. Hey, Saucy Lady, I have someone here who wants to admire your son. Want to show him off a little?"

The horse lifted her head and snorted.

"Is she saying yes or no?"

"She's saying maybe, if I happen to have a piece of carrot in my pocket, which fortunately I do."

Valerie was fascinated by Adam's indulgent tone. He might be a billionaire, but this horse was more than a money-making animal to him. He obviously loved her.

She hung back as Adam walked over to Saucy Lady. He murmured softly, saying things Valerie couldn't hear as he stroked the mare's nose and scratched behind her ears. Saucy Lady nuzzled him as if returning the affection.

"Come on over," he said as he dug in his pocket. "I've told her she can trust you. Just stay relaxed and don't make any abrupt moves." He fed the horse a chunk of carrot and continued to murmur sweet nothings in her ear.

Valerie approached slowly. "Have you always loved horses?"

"As long as I can remember." He pulled another piece of carrot from his pocket. "Hold out your hand. Keep it flat and let her take it from you."

"Will she bite me?"

"Not on purpose. So keep your hand flat and don't get your fingers in the way."

Valerie would have preferred not to feed the horse, but she was here to conquer her fears, so she accepted the carrot and held it in her palm, fingers as straight and flat as she could manage. Saucy Lady lowered her head and soft lips played over the surface of Valerie's hand. The sensation gave her goose bumps. Then the carrot disappeared, and the horse chewed, crunching it between her enormous teeth.

"Perfect." Adam's voice was warm, and close. "Now that you've made a friend, take a look at her foal."

Valerie had been so intent on offering the carrot without getting bitten that she'd temporarily forgotten why she was doing it in the first place. Sticking her hands in her pockets in case Saucy Lady mistook a finger for a carrot, she peered over the stall door.

There, lying curled up in a bed of straw, was a baby horse. He was coal black except for a white blaze like his momma's. He was so precious that she couldn't help sighing with pleasure. "Does he have a name yet?"

"Absolutely. He's a registered quarter horse. Officially he's Saucy Lady's Naughty Boy, but we won't use the entire handle around the barn. We call him Bubba."

"Bubba? He's too little to be a Bubba."

"He'll grow into it."

"Is his daddy black?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Do you own the father, too?"

"No. Saucy Lady was pregnant when I bought her, which sent the price up considerably. I was more than happy to pay it, though. She's a proven brood mare. And a sweetheart, besides."

Valerie had a million questions, most of them revolving around his decision to chuck his former career and go into the horse-breeding business. But asking those questions would reveal that she'd checked up on him before coming out here, and she wasn't willing to let him know that.

Instead she settled on making comments that might encourage him to talk about it. "I can see why raising horses would be appealing. They're beautiful, and this little guy is adorable."

"I can't even begin to describe how much pleasure I get from owning this ranch and working with quarter horses. It's satisfying work and I love it."

Which seemed to say that he didn't consider his former job satisfying. She gave him points for figuring that out and doing something about it. Not many men would give up a position as head honcho of a family empire in order to pursue a different dream.

And he was also donating his time and resources to the rehabilitation cause. "By the way, I think it's great that you're donating your time to help Will's patients." She'd asked if the ranch visits would cost extra, but apparently Adam wouldn't take money for any of it.

"Don't make me out to be too noble." Looking uncomfortable for the first time since they'd entered the barn, he stepped away from Saucy Lady's stall. "I get a tax deduction out of the deal."

"For me, too?"

He smiled. "I won't claim a deduction for you."

"Why not?"

"You're a special case. I'm the one who pushed you in Will's direction, which is not something I normally do. Maybe I'm splitting ethical hairs, but I don't feel right taking a deduction this time."

The idea of being a special charity case didn't sit well with her. "I can pay. I'm a lawyer and I make decent money."

He nodded as if she'd just confirmed something he'd been puzzling about. "I figured you'd have a job that took brains."

"Why did you think so?"

"The way you spoke to me outside the bar. You had a commanding presence. It makes perfect sense that you're a lawyer."

"You should know. I'm sure you've worked with your share." When that comment slipped out, she wanted to bite her tongue.

His silver gaze sharpened. "Been checking up on me, have you?"

She started to apologize. No, damn it. She had a right to know who she was dealing with. "Yes, I have."

He crossed his arms over his impressive chest. "That gives you quite an advantage. I know next to nothing about you. I'm guessing you found a boatload of stuff about me."

"Maybe that's because you're more interesting than I am."

"Not by a long shot. I'm just more visible."

"And newsworthy."

He stared at the floor for a moment before looking into her eyes. "None of it matters for what you and I need to accomplish."

"Not necessarily. I checked you out because I need to know whether I can trust you."

He studied her for several long seconds, his expression unreadable. "You can," he said at last. "I give you my word on that. But I suspect you're not into trusting guys these days."

She thought of Justin, the man she'd dated for a few months, and even slept with. When the chips were down, Justin had left her to save his own skin. But was she any better? She'd run out of the bar the other night without considering the welfare of her best friends.

The threat hadn't been real, but at the time, she'd thought it was. She needed to forgive Justin, but still, she wished he'd stayed to help protect her. "I have been disappointed," she said, "but courage is sometimes hard to come by."

His voice was gentle. "I know. I've had to fight for every ounce of it I have. But for the record, I admire you for coming here when you clearly didn't want to."

"You're right. I didn't want to come. But you know what? I've fed a carrot to a horse. Now I have a little sliver of courage I didn't have before. I'm already ahead of the game."

He smiled. Even his eyes smiled. "Valerie, I do believe we're going to get along."

She liked that smile. A little tug of awareness caught her off guard, but she quickly suppressed it. She wasn't in the market. "I'm sure we will."

Three

Adam felt the subtle shift that told him she'd just retreated a little. She was protecting herself, and he understood that completely. He'd learned from Will that people reacted to personal trauma in many different ways.

Some tried to block the fear through mind-numbing substances. Others used sex for the same purpose. Apparently Valerie's coping mechanism involved hiding in a carefully constructed shell. They were alike in that.

And it boded well for her success here at the ranch. Once she conquered her anxiety about horses, she'd love how they calmed her jangled nerves. He certainly did.

He glanced at her. "Ready to groom Rocket Fuel?"

"Yes." She took a deep breath. "Lead on."

"He's down at the far end on the left. You go on ahead. I need to grab the supplies." He'd sent her by herself on purpose. Rocket Fuel was the friendliest horse in his stable, which was why Adam often used him for the first session. Discovering that the horse wanted to greet her without Adam coaxing him into it should boost her confidence.

He took his time fetching one of the plastic caddies they used to hold brushes and currycombs. Then he grabbed a lead rope. They'd be doing this outside.

When he finally made his way to the far end of the barn, the sight of her tentatively stroking the gelding's nose tugged at his heart. She was talking to him, too, although her words were pitched too low for Adam to hear. But Rocket Fuel's ears had swiveled forward to catch the sound of her voice.

That was another thing Adam liked about her. When he'd first laid eyes on her, she'd screeched at him, which hadn't been pleasant, but her normal voice had rounded, bell-like tones. He enjoyed listening to it.

She appealed to him more than any woman he'd met since his divorce. Hell, no woman had appealed to him since his divorce. Will had accused him of shutting down his libido, and apparently he had.

In any case, it was wide awake now. Valerie made a sweet picture as she got acquainted with Rocket Fuel, but she was also sexy as hell in those tight jeans. Slim as she was, she still had curves that sent a message straight to his groin.

He stopped staring at her cute little ass and focused on the interchange between her and Rocket Fuel. "Looks like you've made a friend."

She ran her slender fingers down the chestnut gelding's nose. "I'll bet he flirts with all the girls."

"He does, but he likes some better than others. He seems quite happy right now." Adam would be, too, if she stroked him like that. He mentally gave himself a shake, exasperated by his one-track mind. This wouldn't be an easy situation-not easy at all.

"His coat already looks shiny." She moved away from the horse. "Are you sure he needs grooming?"

"If you were to ask him, he'd tell you he wouldn't mind being groomed twenty-four-seven. Horses enjoy being touched as much as people do." But until this very moment, he hadn't realized how deprived he felt in that regard.

Like most men, he'd counted on sex to satisfy the need to be touched. Because he wasn't hav**g s*x these days, he'd cut out that opportunity for human contact. He'd put his sensual needs on ice, but apparently they were starting to thaw.

She glanced at him, apprehension shining in her green eyes. "Will I be grooming him in the stall?"

"No." He should have explained that from the get-go, but he'd been distracted, damn it. "I'll lead him out back and tie him to the hitching post. That gives you more room to maneuver."

"Oh. Good." She still didn't seem relaxed, but some of the fear had left her eyes.

"You can carry this." He handed her the caddy for the grooming tools. "I'll bring him out for you." Eventually he'd like to have her feel comfortable going into the stall with the horse, but that would be for another day.

She backed away as he unlatched the door and walked inside, all the while talking to the gelding. Rocket Fuel was such a great horse, up for anything. Adam had bought him for sentimental reasons, because he'd seen him race a few times. Rocket Fuel had turned out to be perfect for working with PTSD patients.

Adam clipped the lead rope to the horse's halter and led him out of the stall. Valerie stood clear across the aisle. She'd put on her hat and tucked the earpiece of her sunglasses in the neck of her T-shirt. She held the caddy in front of her like a shield. Apparently petting Rocket Fuel when he was safely confined in a stall was a whole other thing from confronting him up close and personal.

He decided a little coaching might be in order. "I'll walk on his left and you can walk on his right."

"How about I just follow you out?"

"When working with a horse, it's best to walk beside them. They can see you then, and they like that better. Horses are prey animals, and we're predators. They have more reason to fear us than we have to fear them."

She nodded, although her expression told him she didn't really buy that. She followed his suggestion and walked alongside, but she put as much distance between herself and the horse as possible. Rocket Fuel's hooves clicked rhythmically on the cement floor.

"Is it true they can smell fear?"

Poor woman. She was really frightened. He could hardly wait until she realized how gentle this horse was. "I don't know about that, but I'm sure they pick up on our moods."

"Will I make him nervous?"

"Don't worry about Rocket Fuel. He's the steadiest horse on the planet. Believe it or not, he seems to know it's his job to help people get used to him. You two will be buddies before you know it."

"You think?"

"I know. I've seen it happen." He led the gelding into the sunshine and over to the hitching post.

Valerie followed, but maintained her distance.

"I suggest starting with the brush." Adam kept his voice nonchalant. "I like to go front to back, neck to tail, kind of like washing a car. Then you can come around and repeat the process on the other side." He tied the lead rope to the cross rail of the hitching post.

"Have you ever washed a car?"

It was a fair question. Guys like him usually didn't wash cars. She was a smart cookie who knew that. "Matter of fact, I have washed a car. Will's, not mine. We used to hang out at his house because ... I guess because we could do things like wash his car in the driveway. It was a novelty for me." He rested his hands on Rocket Fuel's back and gazed at her. "Ready to get started?"

"Ready as I'll ever be." She set down the caddy and pulled out a brush before slowly approaching the horse. "Would you mind staying right there for a little while? Just until I get the hang of it?"

"Be glad to."

With the brush in her left hand, she stroked Rocket Fuel's neck so lightly that it probably tickled him. He snorted, and she drew back. "I'm doing it wrong."

"Use a little more pressure. He's a big guy. He can take it."

"Okay." She stepped closer and put some muscle into it. She had a cute habit of poking her tongue into her cheek while she concentrated on her work.

"That's great. Perfect. So you're left-handed?"

"No. This is the arm that was broken, and my physical therapist told me to use it whenever I could, since my natural tendency is to use my right."

"Broken?"

She hesitated. "Maybe I should tell you what happened. It's not a big secret or anything."

"You're not required to." Although he did want to know. Some of the soldiers didn't want to talk, which he understood, but knowing the nature of the trauma helped him work with them. The horses, instinctive creatures that they were, didn't need to know a damned thing, but Adam was only human.

"It might help if you know where I'm coming from."

Will had cautioned him not to counsel without a license, and to be up front about that with the people who came to his ranch, so he delivered the usual disclaimer. "Just remember I'm no therapist, just a guy with a ranch and some horses."

She glanced up at him, a gleam of humor in her eyes. "I'll keep that in mind." She returned her attention to the horse. "Should I do his legs?"

"Sure. Brush everything except his privates."

A quick smile put a dimple in her cheek.

She was a beautiful woman, and a plucky one, too. She crouched down to brush Rocket Fuel's fetlocks, putting herself close to his hooves. Maybe she was beginning to believe this horse wasn't out to hurt her.

When she didn't continue with her story, he thought maybe she'd decided against telling it, after all.

But then she spoke. "Remember the fire that broke out during a concert a few months ago?"

His heart stalled. "You were there?"

"Yes. I got caught in the crush and knocked down. I was lucky that I only ended up with a couple of broken ribs and a broken arm. But it scared the bejeezus out of me. People were ..." She swallowed. "Crazy."

He had the impulse to walk around the horse and hold her, but he didn't think that would be a wise move. "I guess you must have gone alone." He'd met her two friends, and they would have fought that crowd tooth and nail to make sure they all got out unscathed.

"I went with a guy."

Adam sucked in a breath. He tried to remember if anyone had died in that mob scene. He wasn't sure. "Did he ... was he ..."

"Oh, he's fine." She brushed Rocket Fuel's foreleg again and again. "He used to run track, so he vaulted over people on his way to the exit. I tried to follow him, but that didn't work out."

"He left you?" Adam's muscles bunched in an instinctive response to that horrific news. Good thing Mr. Track Star wasn't standing here, or he would no longer be fine.

"Yes, but I can't talk, can I?" She kept her attention on her task. "I thought the bar was on fire and I ran out on my two best friends."

"That's different."

"No, it's not."

"It is, and I'll tell you why. At the bar, you responded that way because of your previous bad experience. I doubt the track star had that excuse when he ran out on you. Also, when a man escorts a woman somewhere, he's in charge of her safety. Case closed."

She looked up at him without speaking, but her eyes said plenty. They started off with a soft glow that grew brighter, and brighter yet. Apparently she'd really liked hearing him say that. "Thank you, Adam."

"For what?"

"Being a stand-up kind of guy."

His conscience pricked him. "Don't make me out to be a hero. I've done plenty of things I'm not proud of."

"But you wouldn't abandon a woman to a crazed mob."

"God, no. I'm sorry if you like the guy, but that's despicable. You could have been killed."

"Fortunately I wasn't." She stood. "But since then I've been a little ... edgy."

"No doubt."

She started in on Rocket Fuel's flanks. "You don't have to babysit me now. I'm getting into this."

"Okay." He stepped back. "When you get to his rump, just come around that way to this side, but stick close to him and keep your hand on him so he'll know you're there. He's not a kicker, but it's better to learn good habits. When walking around behind a horse, either stay out of range, or move in close so he can't get any momentum."

"Have you ever been kicked?"

"Once, and I'm sure it was an accident, plus I wasn't paying attention like I should have been. I had a football-sized bruise on my thigh for a good while, but no broken bones." He hoped telling that story hadn't been a mistake. "I don't mean to scare you, but I want you to be safe."

"You've made that very clear. And I appreciate it."

"Common sense takes care of most things with horses, especially if they're raised right, like Rocket Fuel was. I can't take any credit for him. He was a sweetheart when I got him."

"Mm-hm." Her answer was soft, almost indistinct.

He no longer heard the sound of the brush whisking over the horse's coat. When he peered over Rocket Fuel's back, he discovered her head was down, her face obscured by the brim of her hat. She rested the hand with the brush against Rocket Fuel's ribcage, and she'd propped her other hand right next to it. Her shoulders quivered. She was crying.

Shit. What was he supposed to do? The guys didn't cry. They swore a lot, but not a one of them had cried. He couldn't just stand there and let her cry all by herself. She'd had one guy desert her in her hour of need. He'd be damned if another one would.

Moving quickly to her side of the horse, he spoke her name so she wouldn't startle. Then he wrapped an arm around her shoulders.

With a sob, she turned and buried her face against his chest, knocking her hat to the ground. He wrapped her in his arms and held on while she soaked his shirt with her tears. She was a fairly noisy crier, and he thanked God for Rocket Fuel, who remained calm and stoic in the face of her misery.

Adam wasn't so stoic. He wanted to find the a**hole who had left her to be trampled by a mob. Adam had a strong urge to rearrange the guy's face. Accidents happened, but she wouldn't be sobbing in his arms if the slimeball had stuck by her.

Thank God she'd plowed into him the other night and he'd had the presence of mind to get Will's card to her, or rather, to her friend. Valerie couldn't do better than Will for a problem like this. But she was crying so hard, and all he knew to do was hold her and tell her everything would be okay. He doubted that she even heard him.

Eventually she ran out of steam, but she kept her face pressed against his damp shirt. "I'm so embarrassed."

"Don't be."

"I am. I don't even know you."

He rubbed her back. "Sometimes that's better."

"Maybe." She sniffed and kept her face buried. "I'm supposed to stay for a whole hour, but if it's okay with you, I'd like to hang it up for today."

"Whatever works for you."

"I'll be back."

"I hope so." He really hoped so.

"I didn't know brushing a horse would turn me into a faucet."

"Like I said, Rocket Fuel has his own methods for getting to know folks."

"He's a great horse."

"Yes, he is."

She took a shaky breath and finally lifted her head. "Don't look at me. I'm sure my mascara's smeared and my eyes are red."

"So's your nose." He wasn't about to obey her command not to look at her. She was beautiful even when she wasn't.

"You weren't supposed to look." She gave him a wobbly smile.

"I like looking at you, Valerie."

"Stop that. You'll make me cry again. How come you're so great?"

"I'm not."

"Yes, you are." Rising on tiptoe, she pressed a quick, but very warm, kiss on his lips. "Thank you."

He stood there in stunned silence. That's something else the soldiers never did. Should he kiss her back? No. She'd expressed gratitude, not passion. His mouth tingled and he felt a little dizzy. Then he realized that could be due to lack of oxygen, and he dragged in a breath.

But it had been a long time, more than a year, since any woman had kissed him on the mouth, and he savored the sensation. No doubt about it, whatever emotions he'd locked away during the divorce proceedings were working loose. That would be good news if he had an outlet for those feelings, but as he did not, he was on the road to Frustration City without a detour in sight.

Four

Originally Valerie had been scheduled to spend an hour each Saturday morning at the Triple Bar, but she wrangled an extra hour from work midweek so she could go out more often. The senior partners at the law firm seemed happy to give it to her.

She'd told them she was in therapy to get over her PTSD, something she'd never talked about in the office before. They were delighted. Apparently everyone she knew had been hoping she'd get herself help, and she'd had no clue they were paying that much attention.

As she drove out to the ranch for her third Saturday session, she hummed along with the radio. Three weeks ago she'd made this trip with a sour ball of anxiety in her stomach. Today she felt as if the sun was shining in her heart, even if it wasn't shining outside.

Rain had been falling off and on ever since she'd left her apartment. She didn't know how that would affect her work with Rocket Fuel, but Adam hadn't called to cancel, so apparently they were still on. That made her very happy. The hours spent at the ranch had become her favorite thing.

She loved watching the new foal, Naughty Boy-aka Bubba-who was now big enough to romp outdoors with his mother. After she'd finished grooming Rocket Fuel, she'd walk over to the fence and the curious foal would run up to check her out. She'd stroke his silky neck for a few seconds and then he'd bound away again.

Grooming Rocket Fuel wasn't scary anymore, either. She'd even tried leading him around the corral a few times, and she'd learned how to put on and take off his halter. She looked forward to gazing into his liquid brown eyes and running her bare hands over his solid warmth.

Sometimes she got a little teary when she did that, but she'd never completely lost it like she had the first time. That morning she'd clung to Adam as if he were the mast of a ship in a storm-tossed sea which she couldn't let go of for an instant, or else she'd drown.

They hadn't spoken of that moment since then, but she thought about it constantly. Her tears had come without warning. She'd always prided herself on controlling her emotions, especially in front of others, but she'd been helpless to do it that day.

When she'd felt the warmth and strength of his arm around her shoulders, she'd allowed herself to let go. And he'd come through like a champ. The memory of his solid warmth and his soothing words remained clear three weeks later.

Another sensation remained clear, too-the velvet touch of his lips against hers. Later that day she'd blushed to think that she'd been so bold, but her embarrassment had faded since then. In fact, she'd been tempted to try it again. Or maybe not.

She'd debated the wisdom of that during the days when she wasn't at the ranch, days when she missed Adam a lot. Judging from his casual comments, he hadn't dated anyone since his divorce. But she'd caught him watching her a few times with a gleam in his eye.

If he'd been alert, he might have caught her doing the same with him. His gentle, yet firm, approach to his horses was sexy. She liked his loose-hipped, confident stride, and she'd learned to read his mood by the way he wore his hat. Nudging it back with his thumb meant he was curious about something and about to ask a question. Pulling it low over his eyes indicated intense focus, or even anger.

She wondered if he knew that he'd jerked down the brim of his hat when she'd told him about Justin leaving her at the concert. His anger, coupled with his emphasis on keeping her safe, had been one of the reasons she'd started blubbering. Add in Rocket Fuel's patience with her lame attempt to groom him, and she'd been an emotional wreck.

Three weeks later, she felt stronger. Sirens still made her feel slightly nauseous, and she took the stairs at work instead of riding in the elevator with a bunch of folks. She'd promised herself to take the elevator on Monday, though.

Last night she'd met her friends for drinks at the Golden Spurs and Stetsons, and she'd suggested sitting within view of the door, but not right next to it, like before. She also gave herself points for overcoming her humiliation enough to go back in there. Baby steps-but important ones, in her estimation.

Melanie and Astrid had asked her how she was getting along with Adam. That was a complicated question, so she'd dodged it. Knowing her friends, they hadn't been fooled. They'd figured out she was interested. But they hadn't pushed for more information, for which she was grateful.

She hadn't worked out her own feelings for the guy. But when she drove up and saw him standing just inside the barn door out of the rain, her heart did a little somersault of joy. He obviously was waiting for her.

When she stopped the car and climbed out, he smiled and motioned to her. "Get on in here. And watch out for the mud."

"What, you're not going to spread your cloak over that puddle?" She left her hat on the passenger seat. She wouldn't need to shade her eyes from the sun today.

"This is a working ranch, lady, not the streets of Elizabethan England." He grinned at her as she made a dash for the barn. "Was that a test to see if I'd heard of Sir Walter Raleigh?"

"I wouldn't presume to test you on trivia." She fluffed her hair with her fingers. "I'll bet you had a grander education than I did."

He thumbed back his hat. "You didn't Google that information?" Apparently the guy wore his hat, rain or shine.

"Actually, I did Google it, so I know how fancy your education was, but now I'm kind of embarrassed about snooping."

"Don't be." His silver gaze was warm. "I would have done the same thing in your place."

"I'll bet not many ranchers around here have degrees from Harvard."

He grimaced. "Family tradition. My grandfather went there, and my father went there, so of course I had to go there." Then he blew out a breath. "Listen to me, whining because I was forced to attend an Ivy League school. What a brat."

She was touched that he'd confided in her. He usually kept his personal remarks to a minimum. "I don't think it's the school so much as not having a choice."

His eyes widened. "Exactly! My path was mapped out for me and I didn't think I could change it. Will's the person who finally convinced me I could."

"I'm glad he did. You seem totally at home here."

"I am." He sighed with obvious satisfaction. "My mom's starting to accept my decision, which is nice. She was upset about the divorce, but Elise would never have adjusted to ranch life. She told me she'd married a guy who wore tuxes and three-piece suits. She had no interest in living with John Wayne."

Valerie didn't know if the coziness of the dry barn had encouraged him to talk about himself, but she welcomed the chance to know him better. Poor guy. Neither his family nor his wife had valued the real Adam Templeton.

"For what it's worth," she said, "I think you're a vast improvement over John Wayne."

"You mean because I'm alive?"

She laughed. "Well, there's that, but I-"

"Wow. That's the first time I've seen you laugh."

"It is? That can't be right."

"You haven't laughed the whole time you've been coming out here. I would have remembered if you had."

She wondered if he realized how much he'd revealed with that one remark. He'd been paying attention to her, all right. Very close attention. The implication of that sent a shiver of pleasure up her spine.

He cleared his throat. "So I guess you're making progress, huh?"

"I think so. I plan to tackle riding in the office elevator on Monday."

"Great idea." He hesitated. "Want me to ride it with you?"

"That would be silly." But she had to admit the task would be much easier with his solid presence. "Comforting as it would be to have you there, I can't ask you to come downtown just to ride an elevator with me."

"Then we'll throw in lunch."

Her chest tightened. He was asking her out. She hadn't accepted a date from anyone since the fire because she hadn't wanted to risk an embarrassing meltdown. But he'd already seen her lose control. He knew all about her issues.

"We don't have to have lunch," he said quietly. "I could just ride the elevator with you and leave."

She realized then that the invitation wasn't all about her. If she'd guessed right, he hadn't asked a woman for a date since before he was married. He might be rich, and he might be confident when dealing with his finances or with his horses, but that didn't mean he wasn't vulnerable in this area.

"I'd love to have lunch with you," she said. "And I'll save my elevator ride for when you show up at my office. We'll go down together."

"Okay." He still seemed uneasy. "I'm not trying to push you into anything, though. It's just lunch."

She met his gaze. "I like you, Adam. I like you a lot."

His response was velvet-soft. "Likewise, Valerie." Heat flared in his silver eyes for a brief moment before his expression changed and he was all business. "We'd best get started on today's project before the hour gets away from us."

"Right." She took a deep breath and tried to regain her mental balance. She'd suddenly pictured how the hour could really get away from them if he moved even one step closer. "What's on tap for today?"

"Since it's raining, we could work with Rocket Fuel in his stall, if you're up to it. Might be good practice for the elevator ride."

"Sure." During her last session she'd walked into the horse's stall, clipped the lead rope onto his halter, and led him out to the hitching post. Grooming him in the stall shouldn't bother her.

"The caddy's all set to go."

"I'll get it." She walked into the tack room and grabbed the plastic container. The barn had become a familiar place to her, and she loved feeling at ease there.

As they walked down the aisle, she noticed heads poking out from most of the stalls. "You have a full house today."

"Pure laziness on my part. They'd be willing to go out and run around in the rain, but then we'd have to clean 'em up again. Bubba's owner is coming out to pay a visit tomorrow, and I'm prideful enough to want all the horses looking good."

She stopped walking. "Wait a minute. Bubba's owner? That's not you?"

"No. A racing stable had already contracted for the foal when I bought Saucy Lady, assuming it was a live birth. It was, so they'll take him once he's weaned."

"That's terrible!"

His gaze was stoic. "That's the horse business. I knew I wouldn't get to keep him when I bought his mama."

"But ... but you're a wealthy man. You could buy him back."

"I did offer, but they won't sell. They agreed to amend the contract for a price, though, so Bubba goes to them on the condition he won't start his training until he's two. He was born late in the year, so theoretically they could take him out early because of it, sort of like a kid who's enrolled in school before he's ready. They could ruin him if they do that."

"Let me get this straight. You had to pay them to do the right thing for a horse that doesn't belong to you?"

"Yes, and that might sound like a stupid financial decision, but I couldn't let that little guy go without protecting him."

"It doesn't sound stupid. It sounds humane." She wondered how many times he'd been chastised for such impulses when he was younger and being groomed to be a hardheaded businessman.

"I'll be watching them like a hawk, too. If they show any signs of trying to race him too soon, my lawyers will slap an injunction on them and I'll sue to get him back." He tugged the brim of his hat down over his eyes.

"You're a good man, Adam."

He shook his head. "Like I said before, don't go making me out to be something I'm not. I've made some business decisions I wish I could do over."

"In the past."

"Yeah, but the repercussions extend into the future." His jaw tensed.

"If you'll excuse my saying so, you're pretty hard on yourself."

"Now you sound like Will. He keeps telling me not to beat myself up over things I can't change."

"Smart guy." She hesitated. "Can we make a detour and go see Bubba before we head down to Rocket Fuel's stall?"

He glanced at her. "I was afraid of that. You're getting attached, aren't you?"

"And you're not?"

"I ..."

"Adam Templeton, you are a big old softie and it'll tear you up inside when Bubba leaves, so don't get all macho on me and pretend otherwise."

That made him smile. "Okay, I won't. Let's go see that little guy."

When they arrived outside the stall, Valerie set down the grooming caddy so she could lean against the stall door and peek in. Adam joined her there, his h*ps mere inches from hers. She could hear him breathing, and the scent of his aftershave tantalized her. She was developing a massive crush on Mr. Templeton.

Bubba was nursing.

Valerie couldn't imagine separating mother and baby. "I suppose he'd have to be weaned, regardless of whether he stayed here."

"He would. Don't worry. It'll be a gradual process. I won't ship him off until he's used to being on his own."

"But he'll lose his home as well as his mother."

He glanced over at her. "I love these horses, but I'm in the business of raising them for sale. If I tried to keep them all, I'd go through a hell of a lot of money in a very short time. I'm not focused on the bottom line the way I used to be, but I'd rather not lose money on this venture if I can help it."

"I know." She gazed at him. "I didn't mean to sound judgmental." But she had sounded that way, and he'd been judged his whole life and found wanting. "I'm sorry. Of course you have to sell horses to keep the ranch going. I was out of line to make that comment."

"It's okay, Valerie. You can always be honest with me and tell me how you feel. I'm being honest with you in describing how this operation works."

"And I get it. I do. I promise to take that into consideration from now on. How soon will he be weaned?"

"Not for a long time. Four or five months from now, maybe longer."

She relaxed. "Oh, good." She wondered what their status would be four or five months from now. She'd never discussed the duration of these sessions, either with Will or with Adam. But at some point, she hoped she would be cured of her phobias. And then what would be her excuse for coming to the ranch?

"Don't worry," Adam said. "I'll take it slow and easy. The new owners may want to get their hands on him, but they don't want a neurotic mess because he was weaned too early."

"No reason to rush it." Or to rush her treatment. Ha. She knew exactly why she wanted to drag it out. She was looking for an excuse to keep seeing him. But they were having lunch on Monday. That would change the dynamic.

Her mind leaped ahead as she thought of where they'd go and what she'd wear. She'd never dated a billionaire before. But as she stood next to him watching Bubba nurse, she realized he wouldn't show up looking like a billionaire.

No, he'd walk into her office in jeans, western shirt, boots, and Stetson. He'd look the way he always did. She'd be the one in a whole different costume. And after appearing in plain old jeans and T-shirts for three weeks, she had the purely feminine urge to knock his socks off.

Five

On Monday morning, Adam parked his truck in a garage a block away from Valerie's law office. He'd chosen a cafe close by, one that advertised quick lunch service. Although he would have rather taken her somewhere more atmospheric, he wasn't sure what her schedule was. She might have so many appointments that she wouldn't be able to linger.

This whole setup was new to him. His dating years had involved debutantes with plenty of free time and a taste for luxury. But he was at a different point in his life, and as a result he'd asked a working girl to lunch. His usual approach of champagne and caviar wouldn't fit the occasion.

To say he was nervous would be grossly understating the case. He'd called Will yesterday and asked him point-blank if he'd hoped for a romance between Adam and Valerie. Will had admitted the idea had crossed his mind, which in Will-speak meant he'd planned the entire thing.

Adam couldn't be upset with the guy. Valerie was terrific, and something might actually come out of Will's meddling. Will had asked to meet for a drink after work today so he could find out how lunch had turned out. That meant Adam had to stay in town for the remainder of the day, so he'd made an appointment with his lawyers to go over the amended contract for Bubba and make sure it was ironclad.

But that was all later. First he had to manage this date, for that's exactly what it was. Because despite the offer to help Valerie handle her first elevator ride since the fire, he'd also invited her to eat a meal with him. Anyone with the slightest bit of common sense would classify that as a date.

He was familiar with the building. His grandfather had owned it, and made a killing when he sold it. Adam had grown up hearing about those spectacular financial victories, but that kind of challenge held no interest for him now. Truthfully, it never had.

Walking inside the tasteful lobby, Adam located the directory and found the law firm of Meacham and Daniels, where Valerie worked. When Adam had been married to Elise, he'd attended social functions with the senior partners, Stan Meacham and Robert Daniels. He'd liked them both. Valerie had chosen a good firm when she'd hired on here.

He rode the elevator to the fourth floor and listened for any alarming rattles or squeaks in the mechanism. The elevator seemed smooth, and the posted certification said it had been recently checked out. He hoped the damned thing wouldn't malfunction.

Thinking about the elevator had distracted him, but once he was walking down a carpeted hallway to the law offices, his chest grew tight. What the hell was he doing? Was he ready for this? He'd tossed the lunch idea out in a moment of insanity when he hadn't been able to imagine her riding the elevator alone, at least not the first time.

Now he was committed to an actual date, and most women expected that would be followed by a second date, right? He had no trouble imagining himself in bed with the gorgeous Valerie Wolitzky. He'd fantasized that many times, and his dreams about her had become super erotic. But this dating thing sucked. He was woefully out of practice.

Too bad. It was game time. He opened the door to the suite of offices and walked over to the receptionist's desk without hesitation. He wasn't going to let some cute blonde who didn't look more than twenty, max, see him sweat.

"I'm here for Miss Woltizky."

She smiled, revealing even white teeth. "You must be Mr. Templeton. If you'll have a seat, I'll tell her you're here."

He didn't want to sit, but pacing the reception area would send the wrong message. So he lowered himself onto a brown leather sofa and picked a magazine from the ones arranged across a glass coffee table. He didn't bother to look at the title.

When he realized what magazine he'd grabbed-Career Woman's Weekly-he put it back. He wasn't going to be found reading Career Woman's Weekly when Valerie walked into the reception area. Inspiration hit and he pulled out his phone. He could check his messages. Brilliant.

Except he had no messages. Earlier this morning he'd deleted everything he didn't need, and no one had texted or e-mailed him since then. There was a time when he couldn't keep up with his messages, but ever since he'd changed direction, he had no trouble whatsoever.

Normally he loved that. Not having a ton of messages was evidence that he had indeed taken control of his life. But while he sat in the reception area waiting for Valerie, he would have liked to have some messages to answer.

"Adam?"

He glanced up from his messageless phone and leaped to his feet. Wow. It wasn't that he'd expected her to come out of her office in jeans and a T-shirt. He wasn't sure what he'd expected, but the short black skirt, paired with a emerald green blouse and black jacket, was a knockout. That wasn't even taking into account her sexy heels and silver jewelry.

She hadn't worn jewelry to the barn, which made sense, but the silver teardrops looked great with her short hair, and the layered necklace emphasized her slender throat. Several silver bangles jingled when she moved her arm. He couldn't stop staring at her.

"Ready for lunch?" She adjusted the strap of her black shoulder purse and gave him a quick smile.

That's when he really looked into her green eyes and saw the anxiety there. She might be dressed like a confident professional, but she was afraid to get in that elevator. Thank God he was here.

"Yep, we're all set," he said. "I've found a little place that should get us in and out fast, in case you have an early afternoon appointment."

"Thanks for that, but my afternoon is pretty clear."

"That's good." He tucked his phone in his pocket. "Let's go."

"You two have fun," the receptionist called after them.

"Thanks, Carol!" Valerie sounded breezy and carefree.

But when Adam rested a hand against the small of her back, he could feel her trembling. "You'll be fine," he said in a low tone as they walked out of the office.

"I'll be better, now that you're here. It's such a small thing, but I've been worried about it since we made the plan on Saturday."

She reminded Adam of the skittish horses he'd worked with at the ranch. "Let's not get on the elevator yet." He slipped a hand around her waist and guided her down the hallway toward a window that looked out on the street. "Let's talk for a minute."

"I thought a nervous person was supposed to dive straight into something before she has a chance to think about it."

"Too late. You've been thinking about this elevator for nearly two days. Now you need to think about something else."

"Like what?"

He racked his brain for a way to distract her. Finally he settled on the only thing that he could come up with. At the end of the hallway, he took off his hat and drew her into his arms. "This." Before she could protest, he lowered his head and took firm possession of her mouth.

She went rigid with surprise. Clearly she hadn't expected him to make a move like that. But she didn't pull away, and he took that as a sign that she wasn't totally opposed to the idea of kissing him for real, and not just the butterfly kiss she'd given him three weeks ago.

Slowly her resistance melted, and she nestled against him. He couldn't help groaning at the pleasure of it. That seemed to excite her. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she parted her lips and offered him ... paradise.

He sank into the kiss, surrendering to a hunger he'd barely acknowledged until now. Cupping the back of her head, he buried his fingers in her soft curls and held her steady while he tasted, shifted his angle, and tasted again.

She was the perfect combination of sweetness and sin, carefree joy and dark desire. Her enthusiasm for the kiss fueled his, and he lost track of time and place. If someone had told him they'd been magically transported to a tropical island, he would have believed it.

Then a phone played the first notes of "The Yellow Rose of Texas" and broke the spell.

Valerie pulled away, her breathing uneven, her eyes dark with passion. "That's Astrid. She probably ... wants to know about ... the elevator."

Adam released her and dragged in air as he put on his hat. Holy hell. What if her phone hadn't rung? How far would he have taken that kiss? How far would she have let him take it?

She fumbled in her purse and came up with the phone. "Hey." She sounded normal as can be. "Nope, not yet." She glanced at Adam. "He's here and we're about to get on. Thanks for thinking of me. Sure. I will. 'Bye." She disconnected and had started to put her phone back when the theme from the TV show Dallas chimed.

Valerie rolled her eyes. "Melanie." Answering the call, she had a similar conversation before disconnecting. "They worry," she said.

"Because they care about you."

"They do, and they're both thrilled that you offered to ride the elevator with me. If you hadn't, they would have, but they think-" She flushed. "Never mind what they think."

"I'd very much like to know what they think." If he planned to get involved with Valerie, and that seemed likely, he needed to know more about her best friends.

"They think you're better suited to the job."

"Why me? They're your best friends. They know you better than anybody."

Her flush deepened. "Astrid said that a gorgeous hunk in a Stetson is exactly what I need to take my mind off my fears. Melanie dittoed that." She glanced up at him. "Happy now?"

He couldn't help grinning. "Yes, ma'am. But I can't help wondering what you think." He was fishing for a compliment, but he didn't care. Being admired for his new persona was plain fun.

She met his gaze. Her cheeks still flamed, which made her green eyes sparkle even brighter. "I think my friends have excellent taste."

"Thanks." That comment warmed him clean through.

"You have a little lipstick ..." She reached up and rubbed his lower lip with her thumb. "That got it."

Looking into her eyes, he caught her hand and kissed the tips of her fingers. Heat shimmered in her gaze.

She gently disengaged her hand from his. "Let's go conquer that elevator before the urge to kiss you again overwhelms my good sense."

"You bet." This was quickly turning into one of the best days of his life.

* * *

As Valerie stood beside Adam in front of the bank of elevators, he took her hand, threading his fingers through hers. His grip was warm and firm. Even better, touching him reminded her of the way he'd kissed her. She couldn't think about that sizzling kiss and worry about the elevator at the same time.

His solution had been a brilliant one, but she didn't know if he'd done it mostly to calm her nerves, or if that kiss was the beginning of ... what? That kiss created more questions than answers.

Yes, they had chemistry. She thought he'd be more than willing to take her to bed if the opportunity presented itself. But her hiatus from dating had taught her something. Before the fire she'd been focused on enjoying Mr. Right Now instead of searching for Mr. Right.

That was how she'd ended up with Justin, who'd never demanded any kind of deep connection. Neither had she, so maybe it shouldn't surprise her that he hadn't been willing to risk his life to save her. Before Justin had been Brent, and before him, Eric. Those superficial relationships had run their course and ended without much fanfare.

That kind of laissez-faire arrangement wouldn't work for her anymore. It was, she realized now, a waste of time, and time was a precious commodity. A person couldn't know how much of it they had left, and she'd already thrown away several years on dead-end love affairs.

But she had no idea how Adam viewed this attraction between them. He might be hoping to use it as a way to get his groove back after having his heart slammed by his divorce. If so, he'd have to find himself another woman to fill that temporary role.

She didn't know how to have that kind of discussion with him, though, because she'd never felt this way before. One thing was for sure-they wouldn't talk about it over lunch. She wondered what they would talk about when they didn't have a horse to focus on. Should be interesting to find out.

The elevator dinged and the doors slid open. Just her luck-it contained three people and a rolling cart piled high with file boxes. There was room for her and Adam, but just barely.

Adam squeezed her hand. "We can catch the next one," he murmured.

"No." Taking a quick breath, she stepped into the leftover space. She was through being a baby about this.

Still holding her hand, Adam removed his hat and followed her in. In typical elevator protocol, they all faced the door as it slowly closed. But as the opening narrowed, Valerie's chest tightened.

Breathe, she told herself, and she tried, but a steel band had wrapped itself around her lungs. She gripped Adam's hand and fought her rising panic. When he extricated his hand from hers, she made a little sound of protest.

Then his arm circled her shoulders and he pulled her close. Leaning down, he put his mouth close to her ear. "I'm here, Valerie," he murmured softly as he massaged her shoulder. "You're fine. Everything's okay." Then he pressed his lips to the tender spot behind her ear.

She closed her eyes and concentrated on the feel of his mouth against her skin. So warm. Some of the tightness eased, and she took a shallow breath. And another.

He lifted his mouth and spoke into her ear again. "You're doing great," he said softly. "We're almost there."

The elevator jolted to a stop, and she opened her eyes in relief.

"Second floor," Adam said.

Two rather large men started into the elevator. "Squeeze in," one of them said. "We can make it."

"No, sorry." Adam stepped in front of Valerie. "We're full."

"Look, mister," one of the guys said. "We're running late. Just let us in. It's only one floor."

"Yeah, let them in," said someone in the back of the elevator. "We'll make room."

"No can do. Catch the next one." Adam reached over and pushed the button that closed the doors as the two men glared at him.

Valerie wrapped both arms around Adam's waist and gave him a hug. She stayed that way, pressed against him, until the doors opened on the first floor. Then she let go and followed him out, her heart full to the brim with gratitude.

He turned back to her with a smile of triumph. "Congratulations! You did it!"

"Thanks to you." Capturing his face in both hands, she pulled his head down and kissed him full on the mouth. She didn't care if the other elevator passengers got an eyeful. They probably already thought she and Adam were strange, not to mention unaccommodating.

It wasn't a long kiss, not like the one he'd given her, but she couldn't think of a better way to reward him for being such a hero. After she released him, she moved back and took a deep breath. "That was awesome."

"You actually liked the ride?"

"No. I hated the ride, but I loved the way you stood up to those guys who wanted to crowd in." She gazed at him. "You protected me," she said softly.

"Of course."

Looking into his eyes, she felt her heart lurch. She still didn't know how he saw their relationship, but for her, the jury was in. She'd fallen for him.

Six

Lunch went by so fast that Valerie was shocked when she glanced at her phone and discovered they'd been sitting there for more than an hour. Having something to talk about hadn't been a problem. Without the horses to distract them, they found out how many things they had in common-books, movies, music, even food choices.

But Valerie had shared common interests with the other guys she'd dated, too. This first lunch didn't seem like the occasion to ask the tough questions about whether Adam wanted kids and whether he ever intended to marry again. He might have decided against it, and his horses might have replaced any desire to have a family.

Until the fire, Valerie hadn't thought kids mattered to her, either, but lately she'd changed her mind. A kid or two would be nice. She could live without having them, but she wouldn't mind, if she found the right man-someone kind, nurturing, heroic. Someone like the guy sitting across the table from her in this cozy little cafe.

She'd been here before for lunch. It was close and reasonable, and she could usually get a table by the door. Yet today she hadn't minded where they sat. The hostess had given them a table roughly in the middle of the cafe, and Valerie hadn't once worried about the distance to the front door.

All her senses had been focused on Adam. Now every time she came in here she'd remember sharing a meal with him. Whether she'd meant to or not, she'd created memories with him that weren't likely to go away anytime soon.

"I saw you check the time." He put down his empty iced tea glass. "You should get back."

"Probably. But it's been fun."

"Sure has." His hat was tilted back and his smile was open and uncomplicated.

"You may not realize that it's significant, but we're sitting in the middle of the restaurant. I'm nowhere near the door."

"Shoot, I didn't think about that."

"Neither did I! That's what's so wonderful about it."

"I'm glad. I wish we didn't have to leave, but it's time for you to get back to work." He picked up the check and pulled his wallet out of his hip pocket.

"And for you to head back to the ranch."

"Actually, I'm not leaving until later." He set some bills on top of the check and returned his wallet to his pocket. "As long as I'm here, I decided to take care of some business. And I'm meeting Will for a drink at the Golden Spurs and Stetsons after his last appointment."

"That's nice." She liked knowing he would be in town for a little longer, even if she wouldn't be seeing him. They wouldn't be separated by so many miles. Yeah, she was definitely developing a crush on Adam Templeton.

She really needed to get a bead on how he felt about her. She thought about the old days, when fathers collared the men who were dating their daughters and demanded to know their intentions. She could use a custom like that right now.

Except it was totally impractical in this day and age. When she'd been in high school, her father had been more than happy to interfere in her love life, but she'd lived on her own for many years and that dynamic had gone by the wayside. She couldn't very well ask her dad to drive up from Houston and question Adam about his intentions.

She pushed back her chair. "Thank you for lunch. And give Will my best when you see him."

"Are you walking out on me?" He said it with a teasing grin as he stood.

"I wouldn't dream of it, but you said you have business to take care of, so I thought I'd get out of your hair." After standing, she took her purse from the back of her chair.

"My business isn't that urgent. I figured on walking you back and riding up the elevator with you, unless you don't want me to."

"Well, then, I'd love that." She wouldn't be seeing him again until Wednesday afternoon, so any added moments today would be a bonus. "I just didn't want to monopolize your time with my elevator phobia."

He paused. "It was a great excuse to see you, Valerie," he said quietly.

"Oh." Her cheeks warmed. "That's good to hear."

"Twice a week doesn't seem often enough."

Her breath caught. "It doesn't?" She cautioned herself not to read too much into that statement. A guy could say that kind of heady thing and still only be interested in a no-strings affair.

"No. In fact ... will you have dinner with me tonight? I know it's short notice, but-"

"Yes." Well, she certainly wasn't playing hard to get, now was she? But she was impatient to find out if this flirtation would lead anywhere. She wanted him to be her knight in shining armor, but she didn't know if he wanted the role or not.

"Great." He smiled. "I'm meeting Will around five, but I'll hustle him off to his wife by six. I can pick you up around six thirty."

"Okay." Anticipation shot through her, making her tingle all over.

"It won't be too fancy." He waited until she'd started for the cafe's front door, yet he somehow managed to get there in time to hold it open for her. "I didn't come prepared with a dinner jacket."

"I don't care about fancy." And the more she thought about it, the less she wanted to be waited on in a public place. And it had nothing to do with any concern that panic would set in. After today's lunch, she wasn't so worried about that.

But eating in a restaurant would mean more polite conversation about their likes and dislikes. Been there, done that. She was ready to take things to the next level. Until they did that, she couldn't broach the subject near to her heart-namely, his motives for pursuing her. What she required was a bit more privacy.

She wasn't a great cook, but she could manage spaghetti, and during their lunch conversation he'd already confirmed that he liked that. If she used one of the really good sauces in a jar and grated her own cheese, it should be decent. Add a bagged salad, a bottle of wine, and voila!

They held hands on the way back to the office, and it seemed like the most natural thing in the world. In her heels, she was only a few inches shorter than he was. She wasn't sure if he matched his stride to hers, but they walked well together. That meant something, right?

"How did the visit with Bubba's owner go?" she asked as they approached her building.

"He worries me a little. That's why I'm checking with my lawyers this afternoon to make sure the amended contract will hold up."

She squeezed his hand. "You'll be able to protect that little guy. I have faith in you."

"Let's hope you're right."

In the lobby of her building, an empty elevator stood open. "Come on!" She hurried toward it. "We can make it."

He laughed and lengthened his stride. They dashed through the doors, barely making it before they closed.

Catching her other hand in his, he faced her as the elevator started up. "You okay?"

"Yes. Yes!" She launched herself into his arms and whisked off his hat. "I feel great. Kiss me, Adam."

With a groan he pulled her tight, and this time his mouth was more demanding. Gratifyingly so. The thrust of his tongue told her exactly what he was thinking, and he boldly cupped her bottom so that she could have no doubt about his immediate intentions.

Her plan for tonight was a very good idea. They'd get down to the nitty-gritty and then she'd know whether to dive into this relationship headfirst or pull back. As the heat of their kiss intensified, he backed her against the elevator wall and pressed his thigh between her legs. The elevator pinged to a stop, and he released her with a soft curse.

Straightening her clothes and taking a deep breath, she looked into his passion-glazed eyes. "Don't make reservations for tonight. We'll eat in. I'll text you my address."

His sharp intake of breath and the searing glance he gave her provided all the encouragement she needed to follow through with that plan. When she walked out of the elevator, she knew he'd watch her leave. She deliberately twitched her h*ps and smiled at his moan of frustration before the doors closed and the elevator started back down.

She was playing with fire, and she knew it. She'd pretty much promised him sex tonight, which raised the stakes for her and might be simply a fun romp for him. But hav**g s*x was the only way she'd find that out. She'd know by his behavior afterward where she stood.

As for her elevator phobia, thanks to Adam and his sexy kisses, she had it on the run, perhaps forever.

* * *

"I figured you might like a report on how your matchmaking efforts are progressing." Adam studied his friend sitting across the small table.

"I wouldn't call it matchmaking, exactly." Will took a sip of his draft. "Sending her out to the Triple Bar was a logical move. I knew she was a good candidate for working with your horses."

"And a good candidate to draw me out of my shell?"

"Maybe. Do you like her?"

"No."

"I'm sorry. I thought you two would-"

"My feelings go way beyond like. She's the sexiest, most interesting woman I've met in a long time."

"See there?" Will sat back in his chair and smiled. "I had a feeling she'd appeal to you. And for what it's worth, I'm very encouraged by her progress. How did the elevator ride go?"

"You knew about that?"

"She told me today was the day, and then this morning she called to say you were riding with her. She wondered if she was wimping out, but I urged her to go with whatever worked. She needed to get on that elevator."

"Well, she rode it. Twice." He didn't dare think too much about that second time while he was sitting here with Will.

"That's great."

"After the first elevator ride, we went to lunch and sat at a table in the middle, fairly far away from the door. I didn't even think about it until she mentioned passing another milestone."

"Excellent." Will took another swig of beer. "You two could be very good for each other."

Adam nursed his beer. He was only allowing himself one, because he wanted to be completely sober when he arrived at Valerie's apartment. "There might be an issue, though."

"What's that?"

"She seems to think I'm some kind of hero."

Will laughed.

"Yeah, I know. Funny, isn't it?"

"No, it's not at all. I'm laughing at the way you said it, as if you couldn't possibly be any woman's hero."

"Hell, you of all people know I'm not hero material."

"Don't sell yourself short, buddy."

"Oh, come off it, Will. I should never have taken the CEO position, and marrying Elise was a huge mistake. She had every right to kick me to the curb after I changed the rules of the game. Valerie's put me on a pedestal and I don't deserve to be there. I'm going to disappoint her, and then what?"

Will leaned forward. "Sure, you might disappoint her, but not in the ways that count. You've made mistakes, sure, but we all do when we're trying to figure out where we fit in the world. You're a good man, and that's what she values in you. She might be the first woman who sees who you really are and likes what she sees."

"I wish I believed that."

"I wish you did, too. I'm sure it's damned unfamiliar, unfortunately."

"I don't know, Will." Adam sighed and picked up his glass. "I just have the awful feeling she's built an image of me that I can never live up to."

"Maybe you already have lived up to it."

Adam shook his head. "Not a chance." Then he changed the subject, because that one was too depressing. He and Will talked sports and politics, but his mind never strayed far from thoughts of Valerie.

He planned to go to her apartment for dinner because he couldn't stay away. And he'd make love to her, because that was what she obviously intended, and he couldn't resist her. If he had any sense at all, he would resist, but he kept seeing that little twitch in her h*ps as she'd walked away from the elevator. Yeah, he would go to her apartment tonight. He could hardly wait.

Will, who was as perceptive as most therapists, picked up on Adam's underlying agitation. "Do you need to head back to the ranch? Is that why you're fidgeting?"

"Uh, no." He should have realized that meeting Will for a drink was a tactical error. The guy could read him better than any human on the planet. "Valerie invited me to her place for dinner."

Will's blond eyebrows lifted. "Did she, now?"

"She did, and I'll thank you not to comment on that fact."

"Wasn't planning to say a word."

"No, but you're thinking plenty. Should I cancel?"

Will held up both hands, palms out. "I'm not about to make that call. But I'm glad to hear she invited you over. It's a positive sign."

"Will, I haven't ... I've been off the market for ... well, you know."

"I do, and I think this is also a positive sign for you."

"You're looking entirely too pleased with yourself, buddy."

"All I did was put two people on the same path and let nature take its course."

"And if it all blows up?"

Will shrugged. "Life is messy. But you're both intelligent people with good hearts. I have faith that you'll be able to work it out."

"Just so you know, I told her I was having a drink with you tonight before I came over to her place."

"Then tell her I said hi."

"Will, what if tonight is a disaster and she refuses to come out to the Triple Bar anymore? How will that affect her progress?"

"First of all, I doubt tonight will be a disaster, and second of all, she's doing well. If she never came out to your ranch again, she'd still have sessions with me, and I have every confidence she'll recover. You can be proud of the help you've given her. She's going to be just fine."

"Good." Adam polished off his beer in three gulps. "That's very good." He didn't say that the idea of Valerie never coming out to the ranch again tied his stomach in knots. If going to her place tonight could ruin that, then he shouldn't do it. He shouldn't take that risk.

He pulled his phone out of his pocket. "I'm going to cancel. I can't take a chance that something will go wrong tonight and she'll give up on coming out to the ranch. She loves it there."

"Don't cancel."

"Why not?" Adam paused, the phone in his hand. "Give me one good reason."

"I could give you dozens, but I'll settle for what you just said. Did you hear yourself?"

"I can't take a chance on something going wrong."

"Not that. The last part. You said she loves it there."

"Yeah, she does. Her face lights up when she arrives, and she's really bonded with Rocket Fuel and Saucy Lady. I'm afraid she's attached to Bubba, too, but she understands about him. I'm hoping that soon I can get her up on Rocket Fuel and we can go for a ride. Not a long one, just a short little ride, to get her used to-"

"Adam, you've found a woman who loves your ranch. Why in God's name are you going to cancel your evening with her?"

"She loves the ranch, William. But the rancher, who would be yours truly, could end up being a huge disappointment to her. If I avoid that by backing off, then she can continue to enjoy the ranch she loves. Do you see what I'm saying?"

Will shook his head. "It must be hell to be you. Listen, I hate to be the one to tell you this, but you're screwed. If you cancel tonight, she'll be pissed, and you'll lose her. If you mess up tonight, she'll be pissed, and you'll lose her. So your best option is to head on over there and do your damnedest not to mess up."

"You're just a basket of rainbows and butterflies, Will."

His buddy smiled. "That's what they tell me. Now get on your horse and ride over to Valerie's place."

"Right." Adam threw some money down on the table because it was his turn to pay. "If this doesn't work out, you owe me free counseling."

"It's always free, Adam."

He left the bar and prayed that he wouldn't end up sitting in Will's office next week, pouring out his troubles.

Seven

What had she been thinking? Valerie had arrived back at her apartment at five forty-five after a mad dash to the grocery store. Adam would be at her door in forty-five minutes. She was about to risk having a man in her apartment again. More than that, she'd given him plenty of reason to believe they'd have sex.

Earlier she'd thought it was a fabulous idea. Now she realized that hav**g s*x involved giving up control, at least if you planned to do it right. For the past several months she'd been all about keeping things under control.

But she trusted Adam. He'd guided her through the process of learning to be comfortable with his horse, Rocket Fuel. He'd taken her successfully through her first elevator ride in months, and he'd protected her from suffering in a crowded elevator, which could easily have sent her into a panic.

She'd been fantasizing about him for three weeks, and their kiss during the second elevator ride had been hot enough to melt the buttons on the control panel. Inviting him to her place so they could explore this attraction on a deeper level was an obvious next move. Except she was having some of those pesky second thoughts.

Sometime this afternoon, when the glow from the elevator kiss had worn off, she'd started thinking about the fact that he wasn't just any cowboy. As they worked with the horses at his ranch, that was how she tended to view him, probably because she wasn't intimidated by a guy who wore faded jeans and scuffed boots. But he was also a billionaire.

This afternoon, Valerie had tried to convince herself it wasn't important. Adam shouldn't care what her apartment looked like or whether she'd cooked a gourmet meal. And he wouldn't, if he was the kind of man she thought he was, the kind she could get serious about. But they'd always met on his turf.

Correction: They'd always met in his barn. The barn was functional, not fancy. On her first visit to the Triple Bar, she'd paid attention to the obvious display of wealth in the pristine pastures and the elegant two-story house on the hill. After that, none of it had mattered because she'd focused on Adam and the horses.

But ignoring his wealth, especially if she envisioned a possible future with him, would be naive. Tonight she'd find out how well he managed in a setting that was several notches down from what he was used to. That would be a good thing to know, right? If he was ill at ease, or if he patronized her, even a little bit, a relationship between them wouldn't work.

Therefore she shouldn't worry about how her place looked, but she wasn't that strong. The first thing that stood out in her initial survey was a smear of yellow paint on her white living room wall. Her landlord had given her permission to repaint and she'd tested that cheery color with one ten-inch swipe of the brush. She wanted to cover it up.

Her bedroom closet yielded nothing but rolled up rock band posters from her younger days. Then she spied her collection of scarves. Twenty minutes later, thanks to the scarves and some pushpins, she'd created a fabric wall decoration that looked ... weird.

But she was out of time to worry about that, so she left it. Next she made a sweep of the area, grabbing up newspapers and magazines, straightening throw pillows, and blowing the dust off her coffee table. It would have to do. She still had to get dinner started, set the table, and change clothes.

Damn! She'd forgotten to buy wine. She had a half-bottle of Chardonnay in the refrigerator. Yeah, that would be classy. Here's a glass of leftover wine. Hope you didn't want seconds because that's all there is.

Stopping in her tracks, she took several calming breaths. She could do this. Presenting a perfect scenario wasn't in the cards. No matter what she did, the ambiance wouldn't match what Adam had experienced while he was married to Elise.

Ah, there was her other hidden fear. While at work this afternoon, she'd Googled a picture of his ex, who was poised, blond, stunning, and dripping in expensive jewels. He might not want to be married to her anymore, but she was still the type he was used to. Elise would never offer him leftover wine and spaghetti sauce from a jar.

Screw it! Valerie rolled her eyes, impatient with herself. She'd taken this step, made this plan, and she might as well see it through. At six twenty-seven, she turned on the burners under the pasta water and the pan for the spaghetti sauce. Then she ran into her bedroom and changed into a green and blue patterned dress that was on the slinky side and looked sort of hostess-like.

Her doorbell rang before she'd decided on shoes. Shoving her feet into some sparkly flip-flops, she took a deep breath, left her bedroom, and went to answer the door.

He stood in the hall holding a bottle of wine and a bouquet of flowers. His silver gaze was intent, his smile a little tense. She hoped to hell he wasn't having second thoughts, too.

Her heart thumped wildly. They were about to be completely alone for the first time since they'd met. So much hinged on tonight. So much.

He hoisted his gifts. "I know I'm a walking cliche, but-"

"No, it's sweet. Come in." She stepped back and he walked through her door, into her world. She was so nervous she could barely breathe. "Let me ... let me take those."

He handed her the bouquet and the wine. "You look beautiful, Valerie."

"It's just-" She caught herself before she dismissed his compliment. He'd made it with a soft reverence that told her it was more than an offhand remark. Even though he'd moved in circles where women wore designer clothes, her quickly chosen outfit had dazzled him. That touched her. "Thank you."

He took off his hat. "Where should I put this?"

"On the coffee table's fine."

He set it there without spending any time looking at the table, or the sofa and chairs, or any part of her living room, including her scarf wall art. His hot gaze came back immediately to rest on her. "Could you put those down for a minute?"

"Sure." Her heart beat faster as she laid the bouquet on the coffee table next to his hat and set the wine bottle beside the bouquet.

"I know you have dinner going. I can smell spaghetti sauce. But I need-"

"Me, too." She stepped into his arms with a moan of happiness. "Oh, me, too."

His hungry mouth on hers swept away her misgivings. He was desperate for her, and she was equally desperate for him. He crushed her to him, sending her racing pulse into overdrive. Yes, oh, yes.

Lifting his mouth from hers, he gripped her tight, as if afraid that ending the kiss would make her vanish. "Can dinner wait?"

She had no idea, but the ache building deep in her body answered for her. "Yes."

"Good, because I can't."

"Come with me." Wiggling out of his arms, she caught his hand and led him back to her bedroom. The sun hadn't set, and light filtered through her gauzy curtains, bathing the room in a golden glow. There would be no hiding in the dark this first time.

She didn't care. His obvious need for her made her bold. And puts you in control, whispered a little voice. She ignored it. Turning back to him, she pulled her dress over her head and tossed it aside.

He sucked in a breath. "Hold it. Don't move."

She paused, but she couldn't be completely still. She quivered in anticipation of what would come next, and what would happen after that, and how it would be when they finally ...

"I don't want to forget how you look. You're outlined in gold, Valerie. You shimmer."

"Because I'm shaking."

"So am I. I want you so much that it scares me."

"I'm a little scared, too." She stepped toward him. "But the closer you are, the less I'm afraid." She rested her palms on his chest and felt the rapid beat of his heart.

His voice was husky as he wrapped his arms around her. "Then I'd better stay real close."

"Yes, please," she murmured. Holding his gaze, she began unfastening the snaps down the front of his shirt. "Otherwise, how can I undress you?"

Excitement flashed in his eyes. "You want to do that?"

"Very much." She finished with the snaps and pulled the shirttails out. "Remember on hot mornings when we'd both get sweaty?" She stroked upward from his waistband, massaging his sculpted abs and muscled chest.

He trembled beneath her fingertips. "I remember." His gaze locked with hers. "I'd watch a trickle of sweat slide into your cl**vage and wonder how I'd ever manage to keep my hands to myself."

"And I longed for you to take off your shirt so I could see these manly pecs." She moved her hands in circles, loving the springy texture of his chest hair.

"You could've asked. I would have been happy to oblige."

"You could have touched me. I would have been thrilled."

"Maybe, but I couldn't make that move."

"You did today." She traced the strong line of his collarbone.

"I couldn't think of any other way to keep you from being scared."

"It worked. And now see what you've done." Reaching down, she unfastened his belt buckle. "I'm determined to have my way with you."

His throat moved in a slow swallow. "You know you're driving me crazy with this slow undressing routine. How about if I just take off my own clothes? Then you can have your way with me that much faster."

"It'll be more fun if I do it." Grasping the waistband of his jeans, she gave him a nudge in the direction of her bed. "In fact, I like the idea of you flat on your back, helpless to stop me from seducing you."

"I'm already pretty damned helpless to stop you, no matter what position I'm in."

"Humor me, Adam. Lie on my bed and let me play seductress."

He smiled. "A guy would have to be stupid to pass up an invitation like that."

"I'll take that as a yes." She walked him backward. When he reached the edge of the mattress, he let her push him down. "Excellent." She climbed onto the bed and leaned over him until her mouth was nearly touching his. "Prepare to be seduced."

"Valerie, sweetheart, I'm all yours."

* * *

Adam had finally figured out what was going on. He might be a little afraid of his intense feelings for her, but she was really afraid. She hadn't been intimate with a man since the fire, and obviously giving up control freaked her out.

So he stretched out on the bed, his booted feet still on the floor, his shirt on but unfastened, and prepared for the sweet torture of having her work him over as his cli**x hovered ever nearer. After giving him a kiss involving lots of tongue, she moved on to his chest. He hadn't thought his n**ples were sensitive, but she proved him wrong about that.

Breathing became a real challenge as she eased him out of his jeans and briefs. She only pushed them to his knees. He realized that was all the undressing she needed for her purposes. She'd effectively hobbled him by doing that, which might give her an even greater sense of being in control.

When she wrapped her slender fingers around his cock, he didn't much care whether he was hog-tied by his jeans and underwear. He just hoped to hell he wouldn't come too fast. Between his lust for her and a long period of abstinence, he wasn't ready to bet on his staying power.

"You're ... magnificent." Her comment was satisfyingly breathless.

He could live with heartfelt comments like that. "Glad I pass muster."

"Oh, you do." Still wearing her black bra and panties, she straddled his thighs while she caressed his pride and joy.

"FYI, I have two condoms in my jeans pocket, right side."

She cupped his balls and massaged gently. "Is that a hint?"

"Let's call it a request." He dragged in air. "Much more of touching me like that, and it'll become a desperate plea. It's been a long time, Val."

She smiled. "You called me Val. I like that."

"I'll call you anything you want me to if you'll grab one of those condoms." He was trying to let her be in charge, but if she didn't make a move soon ... but he wouldn't take over. That could be disastrous. She needed to direct the action.

"Pretty soon." With one last squeeze, she let go and reached behind her back. "I need to finish taking my clothes off."

He wanted to see her br**sts. He did. He wanted to fondle them, too, and take them into his mouth. But sensory overload was a real danger in this situation.

She slipped her bra free and flipped it backward onto the floor. "That's better, don't you think?"

"Mm." He wasn't capable of coherent speech. The glory of her br**sts beckoned to him. They hung there-full, round, and tipped with lush burgundy n**ples. He reached for them.

"Easy, cowboy." She caught his wrists and leaned forward, pinning his arms to the bed as her br**sts dangled inches from his mouth.

"You're diabolical."

"Just having fun."

"I dare you to give me a taste." He easily could have wrenched free, but he'd agreed to play her game, so he let her tease him. If this made her feel safe, then he'd go along. He had to admit the novelty excited him, but sooner or later, he was going to explode, and he worried it would be sooner.

"I never could resist a dare." Dipping lower, she allowed him to capture one tight nipple in his mouth. As he sucked, he felt his orgasm shouldering its way closer. But she wasn't immune to her needs, either. She moaned softly and rubbed the crotch of her panties against his thighs. The material was soaked.

He increased the pressure as he drew her breast into his mouth. She began to pant. Good. This torture could work both ways. He wanted her to be as frantic as he was.

Then maybe she'd abandon her need to control and surrender to the joy of the experience. He wanted that for her. He longed for her to trust him enough to let that happen.

Raising up, she deprived him of the plump breast she'd offered, but when she scooted back to rummage in the pocket of his jeans, he nurtured the hope that she was ready for the main event. He lifted his head to check on her progress. His c*ck was stiff as a fence post. "Now? Please?"

"Yes." She maneuvered herself out of her panties and threw those to the floor, too. Then she ripped open the condom package. As she rolled the condom on, her fingers shook, but she got the job done.

He gritted his teeth throughout the procedure. Coming in the midst of her condom application would not be cool. He was determined to last until she had an orgasm. She'd thrown down a gauntlet with her fooling around, and he was as competitive as the next guy.

But as she rose over him, he realized that sex was not supposed to be a competition. Or a battle for control. She'd turned it into one, and somehow, some way, he wanted to change that.

Then her warmth slowly enveloped him, and he lost whatever reasoning power he'd had left. As she sank downward, he lifted up, drawn in by the most perfect connection he'd ever had with a woman. So good. So incredibly good.

He gazed at her, hoping to see that same sense of homecoming in her expression. Her eyes were closed. Damn it, was she going to hide from him now? "Valerie," he murmured.

She shook her head and didn't open her eyes.

"Don't hide from me."

"I'm afraid to let go."

"Come here." He gripped her shoulders and tried to pull her to him.

"No."

But she was starting to contract around him, in spite of herself. He could feel it and knew that he wouldn't be able to resist those rhythmic pulses. "You're going to come," he said. "Let it happen."

"No. No!" And yet she erupted, and when she did, he couldn't hold back. With a groan, he surged upward. Their mutual cli**x should have been a moment of triumph, a moment of joy. Instead, as he shuddered in the aftermath, all he felt was despair. She didn't trust him, after all.

Then, like some cosmic joke, her smoke alarm went off. The minute it did, he knew what must have happened. She'd started supper, and it was burning on the stove.

With a shriek, she leaped from the bed and ran into the kitchen. He followed as soon as he rid himself of the condom and pulled up his briefs and jeans. The kitchen was filled with steam. She'd grabbed both pans, dumped them in the sink, and sprayed water on them.

The smoke alarm continued to screech. Adam grabbed a towel from a rack on the wall and waved it at the alarm, which gradually sputtered to a stop. He tried to tell himself this wasn't a disaster, but he knew it was.

Valerie turned to him, her expression stricken. "I guess I'm not ready, Adam. I'm so sorry."

"It takes time." His heart ached for her. "Don't give up on the basis of-"

"I know it's cowardly of me, but ... I want you to leave."

He took it like a shot to the gut. "Don't do this. Let's open the wine, order pizza. It'll be fine."

"No, it won't. Please go. I ... need time. Lots more time."

He couldn't very well force her to let him stay. Because he'd never been fully undressed, he could simply fasten his shirt, tuck it into his jeans, and buckle his belt. Walking into her living room, he picked up his hat.

Then he glanced around. He might never be here again, and he wanted to remember it. Her sofa and chair were slip-covered in practical beige, but she'd strewn colorful throw pillows everywhere. The art on her walls was bright, too, including ... what was that, anyway?

He peered at the whirligig of scarves tacked to the wall. He'd bet she'd made that, and it was inventive and pretty and filled with life, just like she was. Or how she could be, if she'd break out of this prison she'd constructed around herself.

He couldn't just abandon her. "Valerie, can we talk about this? Do you realize you didn't have a meltdown when the smoke alarm went off? You're making progress!"

"Not enough progress. I need to be by myself for awhile. Good-bye, Adam."

He was dismissed. Will had warned him not to mess up. He'd tried his damnedest not to. Somehow, though, he had, and now she was kicking him out. With a heavy sigh, he left.

Eight

Although Valerie had expected to cry after Adam closed her front door, she didn't shed a single tear. Instead she wandered, zombie-like, back to the bedroom and pulled a bathrobe out of the closet. As she belted it around her waist, she stared at the bed and wondered if she'd have to donate it to charity. Sleeping in it would be impossible after this.

She'd have to burn that maxi dress, too, although at the moment she didn't have the energy to figure out how to do it without setting off the smoke alarm again.

You didn't have a meltdown when the smoke alarm went off. You're making progress! Adam's words came back to her.

Now that he was gone, she could admit that he was right about that. The sound of the alarm had scared her, but not any more than that kind of noise had frightened her before the fire. Alarms were supposed to get the adrenaline pumping, so that people hearing them would take action.

She'd done that. After stupidly leaving the water boiling and the sauce heating, she'd headed into the bedroom with Adam. Smoke alarms were designed to keep carelessness from causing more serious harm, and everything had worked the way it was supposed to. She'd handled the smoking pans in the kitchen and they hadn't started a fire.

But that wasn't the main issue, and she knew it. Plopping down on the living room sofa, she gazed at the wine, and the bouquet lying on its side, gasping for water. The wine didn't need her attention, but the blue roses and baby's breath certainly did. Besides, blue roses cost the moon, and she couldn't let her foul mood ruin them.

As she found a vase for the flowers and filled it with water, she thought about her abysmal behavior in the lovemaking department. She'd imagined herself as a clever and sophisticated lady, taking charge like that. But underneath she'd been motivated by fear of losing control.

She might have gotten away with her ruse if she hadn't behaved like an idiot in the final moments. What normal woman rejects the idea of having an orgasm? She had, though, to her total embarrassment. Her body had surged ahead, demanding release, and she'd dug in her heels, as if she could keep it from happening.

No wonder Adam had been confused as hell. Any man would be. And now that she was thinking about Adam, she acknowledged that he hadn't said a single thing, veiled or blatant, that indicated he cared about the difference in their financial circumstances. Not an issue.

She'd certainly done her best to create other issues, though. He'd come here with an open heart, and she'd insisted on playing games. Had she learned nothing about honest communication during her sessions with Rocket Fuel? Apparently not.

If Adam had any sense, he'd give up on her as a bad job. To top it off, she'd created tonight's little drama on Adam's first date since his divorce. Wasn't that special? He might have hoped for a new start, and instead he'd been kicked in the teeth.

She didn't know how she'd ever repair that damage, but for now, she could at least clean up the mess in the kitchen. Maybe scrubbing those two scorched pots would bring her some kind of clarity. Pushing herself to her feet, she headed into the kitchen, rolled up the sleeves of her bathrobe, and ran hot water in the sink.

She was up to her elbows in soapy water when the doorbell rang. Glancing at the clock, she realized it wasn't that late. One of her neighbors could be dropping by to ask a favor.

The apartment complex didn't allow solicitors, and Astrid and Melanie both knew she'd asked Adam to come for dinner, so they wouldn't be showing up at her door. It had to be a neighbor. She could ignore them, of course, but it might be an emergency.

Or maybe they'd heard her smoke alarm and were worried about her. Goodness knows she'd be worried if she heard a smoke alarm in the building. Tightening the belt on her robe, she ran her fingers through her hair and went to the door.

Adam stood on the other side.

She stared at him. "What are you doing here?"

"Forcing the issue." He walked in without being invited.

She was so startled by his boldness that she stepped aside and let him in.

The minute she closed the door he spun to face her. "Listen, Valerie, you and I are closer to making a go of things than you think."

"We are?" She gazed at him, stunned by his sudden appearance. She'd sent him away. He hadn't stayed gone.

"Yes, damn it! Remember the elevator? You might have lost it if those two guys had wedged their way in, but they didn't, and you made it through that first ride."

"Yes, but an elevator ride is not the same as-"

"Sex? Why not? You were really close to enjoying yourself, but the last part, the cli**x, was too much for you. But you were almost there! You need to try it again."

She blinked. "When?"

"Now. With me."

"You can't be serious."

"I'm very serious. Every cowboy knows that when you fall off a horse, the best thing to do is get right back on."

She stared at him. "You're insane, Adam Templeton." But a tiny flame of hope flickered deep within her. If he hadn't lost faith, maybe she shouldn't, either.

"Maybe I am insane, but I've been driving around town thinking about you, and about us, and that whirligig you made with the scarves, and I-"

"The scarves? When did you notice the scarves?"

"As I was leaving. They are so you-the part of you that wants to be free of all this crap."

"Don't read anything into those scarves. I put them up right before you arrived to hide a smear of yellow paint. It took me about ten minutes."

He glanced at the scarves and back at her. "You just made my point, Madam Counselor. Look what happens when you let yourself do something crazy and spontaneous." He gestured to it. "A burst of beauty." He stepped closer. "That's what you're all about, Valerie. Don't give up on rediscovering who you are."

She began to tremble. Much as she wanted to deny what he was saying, it rang true. But was she brave enough to try again? What if she couldn't let go?

She stalled for time. "Listen, it's seven forty-five, and you haven't had dinner. You must be starving."

He shook his head. "I'm not starving." He took another step closer. "Come to bed with me, Valerie Wolitzky. If it works out the way I hope it will, we can order takeout later."

She shook so much she worried that her teeth would start chattering. "You're giving m-me a s-second chance?"

"I'm giving us a second chance."

"Why?" She held her breath.

"Because I think ... I think we might have something special." His silver gaze searched hers. "And if I drive away from this apartment building without making love to you again, we might never find out if we do."

It was now or never. She felt like a skydiver at the open door of a plane. She gulped. "Okay."

"I have one condition, though."

"Wh-what?" If he didn't put his arms around her soon, she was going to shake herself apart.

"No games. No one-upmanship. Just ... two people loving each other."

She nodded.

"Be brave, sweetheart."

She nodded again.

"And don't look so grim." He smiled down at her. "I think you're going to love this."

* * *

Adam hoped to hell she would respond to him. He wished she hadn't marched back to the bedroom like a condemned person heading for a firing squad. But at least she'd agreed to go. She hadn't thrown him out again.

The room was dim, and maybe that was for the best this time. She walked over to the bed, took off her bathrobe, and crawled under the covers. That was okay, too. She could have as much protection as she needed in the beginning.

She had a rocker in the bedroom, something he hadn't noticed before. He sat in it so he could take off his boots. He undressed as quickly as he could, because he had a feeling she was over there hyperventilating at the thought of letting down the barriers.

Knowing she was giving him another chance to make love to her was all the stimulation he needed to grow hard and ready. He put the condom on before he climbed into bed with her. Once he started this process, he didn't want to stop for anything. She might change her mind.

Poor thing, she was shaking so much. He gathered her close and began stroking her while he murmured words of comfort. She quivered less, and her skin began to warm under his fingertips.

Rolling her to her back, he moved over her and kissed her forehead, her closed eyelids, her cheeks, and finally, her mouth. He wasn't sure if she'd kiss him back, but she did. Sweet heaven, she did.

She began to touch him, too. Her hands trembled a little, but perhaps it was eagerness now, not fear. Encouraged by that, he began an easy journey down her body, kissing and caressing her. When he reached her smooth belly, she tensed. He'd halfway expected that.

"Adam, don't ..."

"Okay, I won't." As much as he'd love to taste all of her, he'd give up that pleasure for now. She wasn't ready to be that vulnerable. Not yet.

Instead, he kissed his way back to her mouth as he continued to caress her hips, her thighs, and finally, that sweet spot he craved entrance to. She was wet. Very wet. His heart thudded with anticipation as he moved between her thighs.

Her expression was in shadow, but her sharp intake of breath told him to go slow. He eased his c*ck in a little bit and paused. She grasped his hips, and for a moment, he thought she might try to stop him. But, no, she was silently urging him to go deeper.

With a groan, he sank into her. This was so right. They had to make it work between them. And he would do his level best to show her why.

Propping his weight on his forearms, he leaned down to feather a kiss over her lips. "Thank you," he murmured.

Her breath hitched. "I'm so much trouble."

"And so worth it." He drew back and slid in again as tiny arrows of pleasure shot through him.

"You should ... have given up."

"I couldn't." Driven by his own needs, trying to keep his mind on hers, he began a steady rhythm.

She trembled beneath him. "I don't know why."

"Because ..." The reason flowed through him in a river of certainty. "Because I love you."

"Oh, Adam." And she began to cry.

God, he'd messed up again. He couldn't force himself to break the connection, but he stopped moving. Buried deep within her, his c*ck twitched with impatience.

He kissed her wet cheeks. "I didn't mean to make you cry."

"I know." She sniffed. "Don't stop, Adam. Please don't stop."

"But you're crying."

"Because you're so wonderful." Her tears continued to flow. "Just love me," she said in a thick voice. "Please love me."

"I do. I started loving you the first day. I-"

"I mean make love to me!"

She sounded desperate, and as a matter of fact, so was he. He began to thrust, and this time she rose to meet him. She might be crying, but she was completely into this and reaching for her cli**x without hesitation, without fear.

Joy filled him as he moved faster. "That's it, Valerie! That's it!"

"I know ... Adam ... Adam." With a triumphant cry, she came, her body clenching around him as she both laughed and sobbed out her gratitude.

A second later, he tumbled into that brilliant, multicolored world with her, and he held on for dear life. He would never let her go. Never.

Long moments later, he lay with his head on her shoulder and listened to the glorious sound of her breathing. She wasn't crying anymore. Quite the contrary. Judging from the curve of her lips, she was smiling.

She stroked his back and sighed. "I hate to make you move, but-"

Instantly he pushed himself up. "I'm too heavy."

"No!" She wrapped her arms around him. "I want you right there, but you have to lift your head and look at me."

"Okay." He wasn't worried about her taking control now. Not after she'd been so thoroughly lost in his arms. They'd leaped that hurdle together. He hadn't messed up, after all.

"Maybe you should turn on the bedside lamp, although I warn you, my eyes will be red, so don't freak."

"We don't have to turn on the light."

"Yes, we do. Can you reach it?"

"Yep." Balancing himself on one arm, he stretched out the other and pushed the small switch. Then he blinked in the glare.

"I'll wait until your eyes adjust."

He blinked a few times. "I'm fine. And yeah, your eyes could use some saline drops."

"What a romantic thing to say."

He laughed. "That's me, Mr. Romance."

"I wasn't being sarcastic. It is romantic, because you're such a caretaker. Of course you'd notice I need drops for my eyes. I cherish that about you."

"Well ... okay. Thanks."

"I cherish lots of things about you, Adam. I wanted the light on so we could look at each other, because this is important. You see, I love you, too."

His chest tightened and his throat closed. Damned if he didn't feel a little misty-eyed himself.

She cupped his cheek. "I think you liked hearing that."

"Yeah." He cleared the emotion from his throat. "I liked it a lot. I liked it so much, in fact, that you've given me an idea."

She smiled up at him. "What's that?"

"I was just wondering ..." He gazed into her green eyes. "If you, Valerie Wolitzky, would do me the great honor of marrying me and making me the happiest guy in the world."

Her smile widened. "Yes. Yes, yes, a thousand times yes!"

"I have to warn you I'm not perfect."

"Maybe not, but you're the perfect man for me."

He thought his smile might be even brighter than hers. No doubt about it, this was the best damned day ... and night ... of his life.

Epilogue

Almost three weeks later, Adam walked toward the entrance to the Golden Spurs and Stetsons with a very excited Valerie beside him. She'd come up with the idea of staging a private party at the bar with her girlfriends and their significant others for their friends and family. Adam considered it a sign of how far Valerie had come that she wasn't worried about being in a crowded venue.

And it would be crowded. Each of the six had invited a boatload of friends and relatives to share in their joy. Valerie's parents were driving up from Houston, along with two sets of aunts and uncles, plus a few cousins. She'd also asked everyone at her law firm.

Adam had included his mother, his former and current business associates, Will and his wife, and the ranch hands. Then he'd decided to ask some of his buddies from Harvard, and several were flying in.

Melanie and her fiance, Drew Eldridge, had similarly long lists, as did Astrid and her guy, rancher Fletch Grayson. Adam would have footed the bill himself. He was just that happy. But Astrid, a woman with a fortune of her own, and Drew, also a billionaire, had insisted on splitting the costs among them.

Adam had to admit the idea was brilliant. And then Melanie had suggested something even more brilliant. She'd proposed that all three couples meet at the bar an hour before the other guests, so everyone could get acquainted before the onslaught.

Adam looked forward to it. He'd only seen Astrid and Melanie once, and that had been under difficult circumstances. He knew Drew Eldridge by reputation, and might have shared a table with him at a charity function, although he wouldn't swear to it. He'd never met Fletch Grayson and was eager to talk horses with another breeder.

Besides, he needed to get to know everyone in this tight circle. The women were best friends, which probably meant the guys would be seeing a lot of each other, maybe for years to come.

Valerie paused at the entrance and glanced up at Adam. "Just think how much our lives have changed since that night I plowed into you right here."

He squeezed her hand. "That was the luckiest night of my life."

"Mine, too." She looked into his eyes. "I love you, Adam."

He leaned down to give her a kiss. "And I love you right back, Valerie."

"Okay, okay, break it up!" Behind them, a woman laughed. "Quit blocking the doorway. Important people coming through."

They turned to find Astrid and Fletch both grinning as they approached the entrance.

Valerie hurried forward to give Astrid a hug. Then she hugged Fletch, too, although she did it carefully because he wore what looked like a brand-new Stetson. Adam recognized the style as one that he'd looked at just last week.

"Come and meet Adam." Valerie herded them in his direction.

Astrid enveloped him in a hug. "Well done," she murmured.

Adam didn't feel right taking credit for a transformation that had been a joint effort including Will and Rocket Fuel, not to mention Valerie's own bravery and determination. "I didn't-"

"You were a big part of it." She turned to Fletch. "I'd like you to meet Fletch Grayson, my fiance." She hesitated and looked at Fletch. "Can I show it off?"

Fletch smiled. "That's up to you."

"Oh, heck. I can't stand it. It's official! I have a ring!"

Adam shook Fletch's hand and congratulated him while Astrid and Valerie shrieked and hugged.

"What, what?" Melanie hurried up, followed by a guy in a sport coat who had to be Drew Eldridge.

Valerie thrust Astrid's hand in Melanie's face. "She has her ring!" More hugging and shrieking followed.

Drew laughed as he navigated around the women and held out his hand to Fletch. "Congratulations. She's a wonderful woman."

"Agreed."

Drew then shook Adam's hand. "I recognize you, Templeton. You and I attended the same charity thing a couple of years ago. It's good to see you again."

"Same here. I'm glad you were on board with Valerie's idea."

"It's a terrific idea." Drew glanced toward the women, who were still in a huddle, and then looked at Adam and Fletch. "So, either of you into golf?"

Both Adam and Fletch shook their heads.

"I'm always up for a ride," Adam said.

Fletch nodded. "Me, too."

"Sorry," Drew said. "I'm not much of a rider."

Fletch adjusted the tilt of his Stetson. "Poker?"

"Poker works," Adam said.

"Excellent." Drew smiled. "My place. Next Wednesday night."

"Okay." Adam thought of Will, who loved a good poker game. He glanced at Drew. "Can I bring my friend Will?"

"Absolutely. The more the merrier."

"Wednesday night's great," Fletch said. "Astrid's got Melanie's bridal shower that night."

"Yeah." Adam had forgotten about that. "So does Valerie, come to think of it."

"My point exactly," Drew said.

"Hey, you guys." Valerie walked toward them and linked her arm through Adam's. "We were just thinking about next Wednesday night. We've got the shower, of course, but there's this antique auction that we'll be missing, so we thought maybe you three-"

"Wish I could," Drew said, "but I have plans."

Fletch shook his head. "Sorry. I'm tied up, too."

"Yeah, so am I. What a shame." Adam sighed in feigned disappointment.

Astrid narrowed her eyes at them. "Why do I get the feeling that in the short time we left you three alone, you cooked up your own plan for Wednesday night?"

Fletch laughed and put his arm around her. "Just playing a little defense, sweetheart."

Melanie surveyed the group. "Well, ladies, we were worried that they might not get along, and they've already outmaneuvered us."

"This time." Valerie winked at Adam. "Hey, let's go inside. I think we have some serious toasting to do."

"Yep, we certainly do." Adam tucked Valerie in close as they walked into the bar. What a stroke of luck that he'd been in the right place at the right time that fateful night.

Will had told him it was meant to be. Then he'd sent Valerie out to the ranch. Adam had accused him of matchmaking, like that was a bad thing. It occurred to Adam that not only had it been a very good thing, but he'd neglected to thank Will properly. He'd do that tonight.

But Will was about to get his reward. Adam had found him a poker game. And Adam had never met anyone who could beat Will Bryan at poker.

* * *

Two hours later, Valerie returned from a quick trip to the ladies' room and paused to survey the crowd. Everywhere she looked, people were smiling and laughing. Some had arrived as strangers and all were from different walks of life, but sharing in the happiness of three joyous couples had made everyone instant friends.

Nothing else seemed important tonight-not social standing, and certainly not wealth or the lack of it. Seasoned ranch hands swapped stories with billionaires. Wealthy matriarchs talked earnestly with soccer moms. All around her, walls were coming down and stereotypes were being smashed.

Glancing across the room, she caught and held Adam's gaze. He smiled and gave her a thumbs-up. She'd been a little worried that this eclectic group wouldn't jell, but it had. And now she knew why. All that mattered, all that ever really mattered, was love.

