Susie Cartwright walked into the hospital wearing pale green scrubs, a smile on her face, and carrying a jaunt in her step. She flashed that smile to everyone who passed by her like a warrior holding a shield aloft-to the receptionist, to the various people walking or milling about in the halls, and to her co-workers in the locker room.

She kept her smile fixed firmly in place as she made her rounds, as she talked to patients, monitored vitals, administered prescription doses. Even when she was chattering in ICU with the severely ill she didn't let up at all, her cheerfulness almost stoic in nature.

When it was time for her break, she kept the smile on even then as she walked into the break room. Seating herself at one of the small, round tables, she pulled a sandwich from the paper lunch bag she'd brought up and wondered how she was going to keep the smile on between bites.

Her best friend, Callie, entered the room, her scrubs bright pink, and her blond ponytail flouncing behind as she took the seat opposite her.

"Well look at you, Ms. Cheerful! Everyone's been talking about how happy you look today. I take it that your date went well last night?"

The smile plummeted faster than the blink of an eye, and Callie's blue eyes widened as Susie's face crumpled. She quickly ducked her head down; out of the sight of the other medical staff sharing the break room with them, but not before Callie saw the tears shimmering in her green eyes.

"He stood me up, Callie," she whispered as Callie dug a Kleenex from her purse to hand to her friend.

"I'm so sorry," Callie soothed, stroking the back of her friend's hand. "What an a**hole."

"It's the third time this month," Susie said bitterly, dashing tears away with her Kleenex. "I'm completely hopeless. I'll never find a decent man. At least not until I lose forty pounds or so."

"Don't say that," Callie admonished, gripping Susie's hand tightly now. "You're funny, smart, and beautiful. There are tons of men out there looking for a woman with the inner spirit you have."

Susie finished wiping her face, then pulled out her compact and began to fix the eye makeup she'd smudged. Callie noticed her face was a bit pale beneath the blush she'd applied earlier. "But none of them are looking for a size eighteen, are they?" She shook her head, chestnut curls bouncing around her round face. "I was there for several hours. By the time I gave it up the waiters were giving me sympathetic looks and I'd gone through two bottles of red. I just feel so worthless."

"Where are you finding these men?" Callie wanted to know. "There are plenty of men who like their women with a little more meat on their bones."

"I've been going to the clubs with Shannon," Susie admitted, referring to one of her other friends.

Callie frowned. "A meat market? Seriously?" She shook her head in disgust. "Listen, I have an idea about how you just might be able to meet the kind of man that you deserve. Why don't you come over to my place after work tonight?"

Susie sighed. "I don't know, Callie. I'm pretty hopeless at this point."

"It's never too late to find love, honey," Callie insisted, digging out her make up bag. "Now, let's get you cleaned up."

****

"An online dating site? Are you serious?"

"C'mon, Susie," Callie cajoled as she guided Susie to the chair in front of her computer desk. "You don't have to sound so horrified."

"What do you mean?" Susie demanded as Callie fired up the Internet browser. "Haven't you heard all the stories about serial killers and rapists who stalk the Internet for their victims?"

Callie rolled her eyes. "The statistics on that kind of thing are virtually unheard of on the more reputable dating sites."

"But what's the point? How is this any different than meeting guys in bars?" Susie asked as Callie typed in the domain for a popular dating service.

"Because in an online setting, potential partners are looking for personality, not just a size. You'll have the opportunity to actually talk to someone, and the two of you will have to learn about each other. The idea is that you'll get a feel for the guy and decide whether or not it's worth it to set up a face-to-face meeting."

Susie bit her bottom lip. "Personality, huh. Okay, what do I got to lose?"

"This one looks interesting," Susie said aloud as she clicked on a dating category. "Singles Hookup. 'One in Five Relationships start online'," she read aloud. "Huh. I had no idea."

Callie smiled. "You'd be surprised at just how popular online dating is."

Susie filled in the account information, indicating that she was a woman seeking a man, the age range she was searching for, and her local zip code. She gasped when the page loaded, featuring a ton of guys living in her city.

"Oh God, Callie." Susie placed a hand to her trembling lips. "These guys all look so gorgeous. What the heck would they want with me?"

"You know, Susie, you need to change your way of thinking," Callie patted her other hand but the look on her face indicated her annoyance. "You hate how people judge you based on your size, yet you're judging these guys based on their looks assuming just because they are good looking that they are only interested in skinny girls. Maybe they're looking for a genuine woman and don't care about whether they are a size one or a size twenty."

Susie nodded. Although she couldn't imagine that any of these beautiful men would have trouble finding a woman, she knew it was futile to argue with Callie. She still believed in true love, after all, and what did Susie really know about men? She certainly hadn't had much success with figuring them out.

They spent a good thirty minutes filling out the personality questionnaire, a brief bio, Susie's likes and dislikes, and an email address for men to contact her at if they were interested. Suzie debated setting up a separate email address exclusively for the site, but since she didn't think she would get any responses, figured it wasn't worth it. She would just end up checking an empty email box for weeks until she went insane.

When it asked her to upload a profile picture, she bit her lower lip nervously, but Callie patted her hand again. "You don't have to put up one of yourself if you don't feel comfortable."

They settled on a nice image of a pale pink rose with dewy petals. Susie thought it looked healthy, bursting with life and sensuality-exactly the kind of image she wanted to get across.

"Alright, girlie," Callie said once it was done. "Click the 'finish' button."

She hesitated only briefly before doing so, and then let out the breath she'd been holding and smiled widely. "That wasn't so bad."

"We're done. Now let's crash on the couch with some popcorn and a movie, and wait for those emails to roll in!"

****

Ryan Marshall sighed, slumping into his couch and loosening the tie from beneath the color of his button-down shirt. His blazer was somewhere on the floor by his shoes, marring the perfection of his brand-new, luxury apartment, and he didn't care. He just wanted to sit for a while and do absolutely nothing.

Being a corporate executive was anything but easy, but Ryan loved the job. He'd fought hard to climb that ladder, fueled by ambition and the desire to be in charge, to use his vision and innovation to expand a company with his own hands. He had a great job, a flush bank account, and some pretty damn good friends, too.

But when he set foot in his apartment, when he was alone, he wished he had a woman in his life. Someone who he could sit down with at the dinner table and talk to-not just to unload his worries, but for real, stimulating conversation. Someone who could entertain and fascinate, someone who was sweet and endearing. Someone real.

It was unbelievable just how hard it was for a man in his position to find a woman like that. Most women, when they heard about who he was and what he did, put on the smile and simper, and he could practically see the dollar signs flashing in their greedy eyes. He'd tried to remedy that by dating women of similar financial status, like models or female corporate executives, but the former were too air-headed, and the latter too shark-like or busy with their careers to commit to a relationship.

Didn't you sign up for that online dating site last night? Single Hookups, or whatever?

Sighing, he reached down to where he'd left his briefcase on the floor and pulled out his iPad. It had been a long shot, but maybe he might be able to find someone who would be able to see past the dollar signs.

Logging on, he scrolled through the women in his area, glancing over profile pictures and bios, dismissing many. Too many of them sounded the same, as if all the women downloaded some kind of dating template somewhere. Fake, fake, and fake.

He was about to give up for the evening when the image of a flower caught his eye. Frowning, he scrolled back up-sure enough, it was a rose. The name underneath the picture read 'Susie Cartwright' and her age was listed as twenty-seven. Only three years younger.

Intrigued, he clicked on the link and was taken to her page. Her profile layout was simple-lavender, with a sprig of pastel flowers splashed into the upper corner. She was a nurse at a local hospital, enjoyed hiking and beach walks, movie nights, and holding hands. Her bio came across as bubbly and cheerful-she seemed like a bright, happy, easygoing girl.

It's perfect, he thought, clicking on the 'email' icon. Exactly the kind of girl I'm looking for.

Wondering if it was too good to be true, he shot her an email.

****

"Hey Callie." Susie slid into the seat across from her friend in the break room. "I've gotten a few responses already!"

Callie looked up, and her heart swelled with joy at the genuine smile on Susie's face. Her rounded cheeks were flushed, her green eyes sparkled, and her smile was so bright as to be dazzling. Her eyes moved to the phone clutched in her hand as Susie laid it out on the table.

"Well you look pretty darn pleased with yourself. What happened?"

"I got some emails back from that dating profile we put up last night, and I think I found someone who sounds pretty decent."

"Really?" Callie grinned. "Well, that's a relief. I was sure you were going to get calls from all those serial killers you were fantasizing about."

"I actually got five emails," Susie said, rolling her eyes at the offbeat humor and sarcasm, "but I liked this one better than the others, so I thought I'd share it with you." She brought up the email on her phone, and then handed it over.

Callie read it aloud. "Hi Suzie. My name is Ryan. I saw your profile on Singles Hookup, and I have to say you sound like a fun girl. I'd love the opportunity to get to know you more. Here's the link to my profile if you want to learn a little more about me."

She followed the link to his profile and grinned at the picture-he was a sandy-haired male with deep brown eyes, a chiseled face, and with just a little bit of quirk in his smile. "This is really great, Suz. Have you emailed him back yet?"

"Well... no."

"Why not? If you don't do it soon, he's going to think you're not interested!"

"Umm." Susie fidgeted nervously. "I'm not sure what to say. I don't want to scare him off."

"Just be yourself." Callie patted her on the shoulder. "Obviously don't say anything that would freak him out completely, but the point of this is to see if you can find someone who will like you for your personality. That's not going to happen if you hide behind some facade or something. You have to be you, no matter what. And if he doesn't like it, then too bad. You don't have to jump on the first guy who shows an interest in you. Believe it or not, there are plenty of fish in the sea."

"You're right. Of course you're right." Suzie smiled. I'll send him something before I go back on shift."

****

Hi Ryan. Thanks for emailing me! Sorry I didn't get back to you right away. To tell you the truth I'm a little nervous about this kind of thing because I've never done online dating before. But I'd like the opportunity for us to get to know each other better, so if you have any questions you'd like to start with, then fire away!

Ryan smiled a little as he read the email from his phone. He was sitting in the back of a cab, on the way back from a business lunch, and he hadn't expected to see an email from her, so it was a pleasant surprise. She came across the same way in her profile-sweet and bubbly, and it seemed also that she was just a little shy.

Pulling out his stylus, he tapped out a quick reply:

Hi Suzie. That's okay; I'm new to the online dating scene too. So, first question... what kind of music do you like to listen to?

He then replaced the phone in his pocket, and continued his journey back to the downtown office with a smile on his face.

****

When he reached his office, he couldn't resist pulling out his phone one more time to see if there was a response. To his delight, there was.

Good to know! Makes me feel a little less nervous. Music? Let's see. I like all genres... but I'm a fan of artists that sort of mix them, like Celine Dion for example. She's got this blend of RandB and Classical that warms me all the way to my toes. 

Alright, now it's my turn. What kind of books do you like to read?

"Mr. Marshall?" his secretary poked his head through the door. "Just a quick reminder you have a meeting with Mr. Prospect in fifteen minutes.

"Thank you, Jordan." He waited until his secretary had closed the door, then turned back to his phone with a smile.

Fifteen minutes was plenty of time to send another email, wasn't it?

****

Susie's heart was drumming loudly in her ears as she paced back and forth in her bedroom, waiting for Ryan's call. She'd opened a bottle of wine and had left it by her nightstand to air next to a wine glass, and kept looking longingly at it as a way to calm her nerves. It was there as a sort of celebration as well as to set the atmosphere-not just for her to get drunk off!

"Take deep breaths, Suz," she whispered to herself. "Deep, calming breaths." Seating herself on the edge of the bed, she did just that-and then gave in and poured herself that first glass of red wine. She watched it spill into the glass like blood, then lifted it to her lips and savored the first dry drop on her tongue.

They'd been emailing back and forth the past few weeks like giddy, moonstruck lovers, and Suzie had eventually forced herself to leave her iPhone in her locker during her shifts because she couldn't stop checking her phone whenever it was near. They'd learned so much about each other in such a short time-little things, like his love of Frank Sinatra and midnight walks-but it was still more than she'd know about any other man she'd considered dating in her life.

Eventually they decided that email was too slow, and they'd exchanged phone numbers, with a promise from Ryan that he would call her at eight o'clock tonight. Picking up her phone, the digital numbers told her that it was still only 7:59. She sighed. Why did these last sixty seconds seem like the longest of her life?

The phone rang, vibrating in her hands and nearly scaring the life out of her. Quickly, she thumbed the SEND button and pressed the phone to her ear with a cheery, if somewhat breathless, "Hello?"

"Hi there." The voice on the other end was friendly, masculine, and just husky enough to send a pleasant shiver down her spine. "Is this Susie?"

****

"Yes. Yes, it is." Susie's voice came through the phone, cheerful, but with that hint of nerves that made her human in a way that no supermodel or female power exec ever had for him. "You're Ryan?"

"I am. It's nice to hear your voice." It was light and sweet and smooth, he mused, a smile coming to his lips. Like whipped cream.

She giggled, a foolish sound that warmed his heart. "You don't sound too bad yourself. Did you know that you called exactly at eight o'clock, on the dot?"

He felt faintly embarrassed that she'd noticed, but didn't let it show in his voice. "Are you going to sit there and tell me that you weren't watching the clock for this past ten minutes?" It had actually been more like half an hour, but he didn't want to come off too strong so soon.

"You've got me there," she admitted with a little laugh. "I guess I just couldn't wait to talk to you."

His smile widened. "Same here."

They spent a long time on the phone, talking and laughing like old friends, sharing details about their lives, both past and present. He learned she was from Arizona, and had brothers living back there.

"Life on a farm as the only girl was tough," she admitted. "But eventually I went to college, got my nursing degree, moved out here."

"Why New York?" he wanted to know. "It's so far from your roots. Taking off across the country to start a new life must have been hard."

She sighed, and he thought the sound was a little wistful. "I admit I do miss Arizona and I go back every so often to visit the family. But at the time I was so sick of country life, and after going to college and getting a taste of what the city was like I knew I couldn't go back. So I got out a list of states with the biggest urban and suburban cities, looked at some brochures, and decided New York was it for me. I packed my bags, booked a plane, and I've been happy here ever since."

"Wow. You just came in blind, without ever having set foot here before?" He shook his head with a low whistle. "That's brave. Incredibly brave." And he couldn't help but admire her for it.

"It was tough and first, but I was able to land a job in my field with little difficulty. After that, things just sort of took off. So what about you?"

"I'm afraid I'm not so adventurous." He laughed. "I was born and raised on Long Island with two sisters and one brother. My dad owned a local construction company, and I learned the ins and outs of the business growing up, and then went off to college for an MBA. Once I got out I worked for him awhile, then decided that the family business deal wasn't for me, and moved on-no hard feelings," he assured her, not wanting to scare her off with the idea that he had family issues. "The company I work for now is in construction too, funnily enough-except we're big time. We do a lot of corporate and government-type contracts."

They continued on in this vein, tossing questions back and forth much the same way they did in emails, and yet it was somehow so much more intimate. Emails didn't enable you to share a laugh in the same moment, to hear the breathy little sighs and giggles of the woman you were talking to. It didn't allow you to hear the subtle nuances in the person's voice, or to hear what was unsaid as well as said.

"If I could, I would spend the rest of the night talking with you, but I've got to be up bright and early," he finally said.

"Me too. I've got patients, you've got clients." She paused for a moment. "You want to call, same time tomorrow?" That hint of shyness, uncertainty was back in her voice-did she think he would say no, after all this? He wondered why she was so insecure, what it was she was worried about that he wouldn't like, but he didn't press.

"Of course. I'll talk to you later."

"Goodnight."

****

That night, she dreamed of Ryan. Of walking on the beach with him, hand in hand, the moon rising up over them like a guardian, to light their path and watch over their love. His sandy hair was tousled by the night breeze that crooked grin from his profile picture on his face. But instead of his eyes being sleepy and sexy, they were filled with affection as he stared down at her, as they poured their souls out to each other on that moonlit beach.

When he took her in his arms, when the warmth of his fingers seeped into her body and his lips pressed gently against her own, she felt it was the most natural thing in the world. He caressed her curves lightly through the summer dress that she wore, and didn't seem to mind that she was more ample than most. And when he slid the straps down her shoulders so that the dress pooled at her ankles, she didn't feel the least self-conscious.

He made love to her slowly, tenderly, her orgasms crashing over her like the waves smashing against the rocks near the surf. It was sweet, it was agonizing, it was everything she'd ever wanted.

And when she woke up, she carried that dream close to her heart, and it warmed her for the rest of the day.

****

"I had a dream about you last night."

"Oh?" They had been talking for nearly forty-five minutes, and this confession had come from the left field. But rather than making him feel uncomfortable, Ryan was intrigued. "What about?"

The hesitation on the other end of the line only intrigued him more. "Umm... we were walking on the beach, at night. Holding hands."

"A moonlit beach walk?" Ryan couldn't help but be touched that she had dreamed of him in that kind of setting. "That must be your romantic soul coming out," he teased.

"Oh, like you don't have one yourself," she protested, but he could hear the laughter in her voice, and knew she wasn't upset.

"So, what did we do? Just walk?"

"We walked, and we talked, just like we always do, except you were there in person." She gave a little sigh. "Your hand was warm against mine and when you kissed me-"

"Kissing?" Ryan grinned. "Was I any good?"

"You were terrible. Kissed like a fish." Her tone was slightly petulant, and he knew she was annoyed because he interrupted, but he couldn't help laughing.

"Mwah, mwah, mwah."

"Oh hush."

"You know you liked it."

Susie laughed. "You were a great kisser. And..." she trailed off, and if he had been a fox, his head would have come up and his nose would have started twitching. She was holding back something.

"And?" he said after a moment of prolonged silence.

"Nothing really," she said lamely.

"It's okay, Susie," he soothed. "I won't laugh, no matter what it is." And at this point, he was just about dying to find out what it was she'd dreamed that made her so uncomfortable that he'd stuff a log down his throat to keep that promise.

"We... umm..." she cleared her throat nervously, and he marveled that he'd never heard her sound so vulnerable before. "You made love to me. In the sand."

"Really?" He sat forward in his chair, his blood kicking up a notch at the very idea. "That sounds... sexy. What did we do?"

"We were just standing there, kissing near the surf. Your arms were around me, and you were so warm. I... you slid my dress down my shoulders." Her voice grew a little breathier with each word, and his blood began to pump a little faster.

"Were you wearing anything underneath?" he murmured, and Suzie shivered at the husky note in his voice. She'd been terrified of confessing this to him, had known it would eventually come to this the moment when she'd foolishly blurted out that she'd dreamt about him. But rather than being repulsed or shocked, he seemed interested... maybe even excited.

"You would think that I might've had a bathing suit on underneath or something, but no. I wasn't wearing anything."

His c*ck grew hard at the thought of her standing nak*d before him in the moonlight, even though he had no idea what she looked like. "Did I touch you? Kiss you again?" he prompted, wanting to hear more.

"Oh yes," she breathed. "You kissed the breath out of me, and pushed me down into the sand, with your hands all over me."

"Can you imagine me doing that now?" he asked. "My hands on you now, on your br**sts, teasing your n**ples?"

"Mmm, yeah." She put the phone on speaker, then slid her hands up her shirt, beneath her bra, to do just that. "It... feels good."

"Can you flick your thumbs over your n**ples for me?" He heard her breathy little moan. "Just like that, Susie. Like that. Can you imagine me doing that to you? Does it feel good?"

"Yes, yes, yes," Suzie moaned as she reclined against the pillows on her bed. Moisture gushed between her thighs at every flick of her thumbs against her n**ples. She should have been mortified, should have changed the topic of conversation immediately, but she wasn't, she couldn't. Phone sex had always been a fascinating concept to her, and since she'd seen his picture she could visualize him perfectly as she touched herself.

"What color panties are you wearing?"

"They're pink." She fingered the lacy edge beneath the waistband of her pajama bottoms. "Pale pink."

"I want you to dip your hand beneath them, and touch your p**sy. Can you do that?"

She sucked in a breath, and was just about to do as he wanted when her phone buzzed, signaling an incoming call. Yanking her hand away from the waistband of her pajamas, she snatched the phone up and checked the Caller ID.

"Damn it," she sighed in frustration. "Can you hang on? It's my work."

"Sure." He sounded slightly on edge, but she figured that was probably part and parcel of sexual frustration.

She took the call, and then with a somewhat heavy heart switched back to the other line.

"Ryan? I'm really sorry, but I've got to go. They're slammed at the ER tonight and they need me back."

"That's okay." He cleared his throat, and when he spoke again his voice had lost some of that huskiness. "I understand how important your job is. Go out there and save some lives, sweetheart."

Sweetheart. She flushed from head to toe with pleasure-it was the first time he'd given her an endearment. She was going to say goodbye, but a thought struck her. "Are you... do you want to meet?"

The hesitation was back in her voice. "Do you need more time?"

"I... well... it's not that." She gave a little laugh. "I can't give you that excuse after tonight."

"Then what is it?"

"I just... I'm worried that I won't be what you expect."

"I don't know what you mean," He sat up straight. "Susie, I'm not looking for a "type". I'm looking for a woman with a great personality who I feel comfortable with, and I certainly feel comfortable with you."

"I know... it's just..." She sighed. "Okay, what do you say we meet tomorrow evening?" She named a time and place.

"I'll be there," he promised. "Sweet dreams, Susie."

"Goodnight." She hung up the phone, and the slight tremble in her voice only firmed his resolve.

When they met tomorrow, he was going to do everything in his power to show her that she was as beautiful on the outside as he knew she was on the inside. And he was convinced that she was, no matter what she said.

****

Suzie sat on the waiting bench in the restaurant, fighting to keep from biting her lip and ruining her carefully applied lipstick. She'd arrived ten minutes early, not wanting to miss him, and now she almost wished she hadn't. Her nerves were wrecking her from the inside, and she was terrified that by the time he arrived she'd be a stark raving lunatic and would scare him off.

Don't be ridiculous. You can hold it together for one more minute. Buck up, girl.

She took a deep breath, tried her best to heed the advice. But it was hard, when she was putting herself into this vulnerable position. If he didn't show, she was going to shut down her dating profile, quit her job, and join a convent. Yes, that was the solution to rejection. No doubt about it.

She was in the middle of a heated internal debate as to whether or not she should make a run for it when he walked through the door. The breath whooshed out of her in a rush, and she stood up at the same time the Maitre de snapped to attention. His sandy hair had been tamed, and what she was sure was a lean and gorgeous body was jazzed up in a tux that had obviously been tailor-made for him. He dripped money, power, and sex appeal, and looked about one hundred times better than he did in the photo.

Yup. She definitely should have run. Eyes darting around, she judged the distance and wondered if she could make it past him and through the door without alerting attention, then scoffed at herself. With her bulk? Fat chance in hell.

"Mr. Marshall." He stepped out from behind his little podium thing and actually sketched a little bow. "It's a pleasure to welcome you back again."

"Thank you." Those deep brown eyes looked around, then smiled as they settled on her. "Suzie?"

She didn't know how he was so certain of her identity, but she knew she would look like the biggest idiot if she tried to deny it now. "Hi Ryan."

"My God." He stepped forward, his eyes drinking her in. She was like a really, really sexy porcelain doll, with milky pale skin that was contrasted by the black satin halter dress flowing around some really great curves, and the vivid green eyes that were wide in her rounded face. Gleaming chestnut curls were piled on top of her head, but one or two were left to hang down and kiss the sides of her neck, where his lips were itching to be. The roses in her cheeks kept her paleness from being unattractive, and the halter-top showcased a pair of large, lovely br**sts that looked ridiculously edible. "You're gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous."

Her mouth formed a small o. Grinning; he stepped forward and took her by the arm before she could say anything. "This is my date. Do you have the table I reserved?"

"Right this way, sir."

They were whisked up to a table on the top floor, out on the veranda where they were offered a prime view of the sun ducking behind the skyscrapers as it slipped beneath the horizon. Champagne was served, along with a basket of rolls and butter. Suzie had almost convinced herself not to take one, as she had done the other dates, but remembered that she was supposed to be herself, and so grabbed one and slathered it with butter.

Ryan watched her eyes flutter closed, her lashes brushing against round, rosy cheeks as she bit into the buttered roll with such relish, such abandon. Her red lips provided a ridiculously sensual contrast to the fluffy white roll that it was all he could do not to yank her across the table and into his lap so that he could eat her up.

Susie noticed him watching her, the look in his eyes so hot she felt a blush spreading across her cheeks. Surely that couldn't be lust in his eyes... could it? She wondered as she set the roll down.

"Why are you staring at me like that?"

He grinned wolfishly. "I'm just thinking that I would give up just about anything to be in that roll's place right now."

She laughed, and some of the nerves dissipated. "You can't be serious."

The waiter came by, briefly interrupting their conversation as they ordered appetizers and entrees. "Why wouldn't I be serious?"

She gestured with one hand. "Look at me, Ryan."

"Believe me, I have looked at you. In fact, I can't seem to take my eyes off you. I can't imagine what you think I should see in you, Susie." He leaned forward so she could see the sincerity in his eyes. "But what I do see is a beautiful woman, one who is just as beautiful on the outside as she is on the inside."

Tears shimmered in her big green eyes, and his heart clenched. He was worried he had said something wrong, but her red lips parted into a smile so dazzling that the words were knocked off his tongue just as he was about to ask.

"No one has ever said anything like that to me before," she said softly. "Or at least no one who's ever meant it."

"Then you've been spending your time around a whole lot of blind people." He grinned.

"Either that, or you're just biased," she told him as he poured the wine, but she was grinning too.

"Well, then here's to biased men, and to beautiful women everywhere." He lifted his glass to hers in a toast.

"I can drink to that."

They clinked their glasses together and drained them. As the waiter came back with their appetizers, the warmth from both the wine and Ryan's company flowed through her veins, loosening her up so that she completely forgot to be self-conscious about the fact that she was wearing a curve-hugging dress. It was true that the flowing lines and the black were far more flattering to her figure than any of those baggy outfits that heavy women sometimes wore to try and hide their paunch, but she'd still felt overexposed walking in, even with the shawl around her arms to offer a measure of protection and to try and hide the fact that her biceps were anything but lean.

But they were so busy talking about their lives, sharing the funny details of their day and swapping the most ridiculous stories that her attention was completely focused on him so that she couldn't think about herself even if she wanted to. Instead, she was enraptured by how warm his brown eyes were; they lit up when he smiled, which was quite a lot, and also revealed to her a dimple in his left cheek that she wanted to lean over and press a kiss to. Her heart sighed in happiness-she had to be the luckiest girl on the planet, to be able to spend a night with such a handsome guy in a five star restaurant. And she didn't have to pay him to do it either!

They stayed there talking long after the waiter had cleared their plates and Ryan had paid their check. Eventually, Ryan suggested they take a stroll in the park nearby to get some air and allow the poor wait staff to give their table to someone else.

"So, did you enjoy yourself?" he asked as they made their way down the path, arm in arm. Susie was very glad that she'd chosen low heels for their first date-Callie had tried to cajole her into a pair of three inchers, but she hadn't been sure how tall Ryan would be and didn't want to tower over him. As it was, he stood a good half-foot above her five foot five frame, and so if she did decide to break out the stilettos she knew there would be no issue.

"I did." Sighing happily, she leaned her head against his arm. "I've never had such a great time on a date with anyone before. You've made my night, Ryan."

"I'm glad to hear it." He rubbed the pad of his thumb across her knuckles, and she shivered. "I don't want you to feel uncomfortable around me."

She sighed again, but this time the sound was heavier. "It almost seems too good to be true, you know? I've been looking for a man forever who likes me for who I am and isn't just looking for a skinny body and a pretty face, and I've never been able to find one in real life. Then the first time I set up an online profile I get you, and so far you've been everything I could ever want. It's unreal."

He squeezed her hand, sensing that she was unsettled. "Honey, if I knew the names of the men who'd burned you so bad I would track them down and give them a piece of my mind. But I can assure you that I'm very real, I'm here, and I'm definitely interested in you, for you."

She pulled her hand away as they stopped beneath an apple tree. It was spring, and the plethora of pale blossoms crowding the branches practically glowed in the moonlight. "I just don't understand. You're a successful businessman with a great life who likely has a body underneath that suit to match your killer looks. Why would you go on an online dating site to find someone when you probably have women falling all over you in real life?"

Pushing his fingers through his sandy hair, Ryan sighed. "It would almost be easier if the women falling at my feet just wanted me for my looks, Suz. At least then I could just get myself banged up a few times and I could weed out the shallow ones. But the thing is, they know I make a killing doing what I do, and I can see the dollar signs in their eyes every time they look up at me. After a while I got tired of being looked at as a conquest, as a grand prize to be won. I told you before that I come from a small, grassroots-type family. I've always dreamed of finding a normal woman, one who isn't afraid to be herself, who is smart and beautiful and can make me laugh. I never wanted the money grubbers or the models, and you'd be surprised at how often the two go hand in hand."

He settled his hands on her waist then, drawing her close. "To be honest, Susie, I really had no idea how this online dating thing was going to go. But after meeting you, all I've gotta say is that I'm so glad that I took a chance on it." He rested his forehead against hers, capturing her wide, green eyes with his. "Otherwise I wouldn't be out here, tonight, with you."

Susie's heart melted as he laid his lips against hers. The cynic in her heart settled in quietly as his arms tightened around her, drawing her close, and she allowed her eyelashes to flutter shut so that she could revel in the moment. He kissed her just as slowly and tenderly as he had in her dream at the beach-and yet the reality was so much better than the fantasy. Dreams were so blurry, so out of focus, but standing here, in the park, she could feel the breeze dancing across her skin in direct contrast to the warmth emanating from his body. She could feel his long, strong fingers digging into her sides, his firm, yet somehow sensual lips moving against her own, and just the hint of his tongue gliding against the seam of her own lips.

Ryan couldn't believe how good she felt in his arms. She was soft and pliant and giving, almost innocent as she opened her mouth to him and allowed him to taste her sweetness. He sensed somehow that she wasn't completely inexperienced, but her tiny hesitations told him that this wasn't something she did very often.

To be honest, it had been a long time since he'd held a woman like this. Certainly he'd made out with plenty of the women he'd dated, and had tumbled with quite a few between the sheets, but those woman had been cold, calculating in their efforts to seduce him, to try and wrap him around their fingers as effectively as they'd wrapped their hands around his cock. He'd seen them for what they were, and had sent them packing at the first opportunity.

Use them and lose them had been his philosophy. After all, it was only fair since they had been trying to use him, wasn't it?

But he knew it wouldn't be that way with Susie. She wasn't the kind of girl who would treat him that way, and she deserved better than what he had given those other woman. And better was exactly what he would give her. Not just better, but his best.

As their tongues dueled, teeth lightly scraping as they tasted each other, he felt her nails dig into his upper arms through his suit jacket, and felt her n**ples harden through the dress he was wearing. He knew it would take very little effort for him to slip his hand beneath the plunging neckline, to cup one of the round, heavy br**sts that had tantalized him throughout the entire night, and knew that she probably wouldn't protest too much from the tiny little moans escaping her mouth. But he sensed from her lack of self-esteem and her constant worry about what he thought that she'd been hurt, most likely by other men that had been in her life, and that she didn't know what it was to be truly loved and cherished by someone.

Hell, it had been a long time since he'd romanced a woman-his last sweetheart had parted ways with him when she'd flown across to California to follow her dream as an actress-but he hadn't forgotten what it was like, the low fluttering in his belly as he brought smiles to a woman's face with kind words, little trinkets, dropped love notes. And he remembered well what it was like to bring them pleasure in other ways, with his hands and his mouth. He especially was looking forward to that one, but he knew she needed some of the former first before she would truly be ready for that.

Susie didn't realize how hard she was clutching at Ryan until his fingers gently pried her nails from his suit. He broke the kiss softly, stepping back, but though he created distance with the motion, he kept his fingers loosely linked around her wrists as he held her forearms against his chest. She could feel his heart pumping strong against the inside of her wrist, could hear his labored breathing, and a part of her wished he hadn't pulled away. Her n**ples were puckered, her panties were wet, and she had a feeling that if her skin had a voice, it would be begging for his hands to glide over it.

But this was only their first date, and even though they'd gotten awfully... intimate, over the phone, she didn't think she was quite ready to take it to the next level.

"Sorry." She blew a stray curl out of her face, then realized that her hair must have gotten mussed somehow-whether it was because of the kiss or just in the course of the night she wasn't sure, but her hands automatically flew upward, patting and tucking. "Guess I got a little carried away."

"Anytime you want to get more than a little carried away, feel free to let me know, sweetheart." He tucked her arm into his again, grinning down at her, and she couldn't help the answering smile that formed on her lips. "But for now, it's getting late, and I know we both have to be up early. Let's get you home, and we can do this again another time. If that's alright with you?"

"Are you kidding?" She set off down the walkway with him. "I'd love to."

****

They went on a couple more dates, varying greatly in locale and motif-a picnic in the park, a stroll by the boardwalk, an Italian restaurant where they got to re-enact the spaghetti scene between Lady and the Tramp. He was sweet and attentive, always making sure she was comfortable and having a good time, and her heart melted a little bit more on each date.

And even though each kiss became just a little more fevered, a little more scorching, and his hands and lips had begun to roam a little farther than their original territory, he never once crossed the unspoken line between them. It was as though he was waiting for her to make the move, and she was terrified because she was afraid of what he would find.

Their fifth one was quite a bit more casual than the first-he took her out to the movies, and bought them tickets for a rom-com. Susie loved rom-coms, but rarely went out to the theater to see them, and she was relatively certain that Ryan wasn't particularly a fan. The fact that he was allowing her to drool over Gerard Butler on screen while munching on a bucketful of popcorn without complaining or snoring in her ear gave him major brownie points, in her opinion. He obviously wasn't afraid to show her consideration for her preferences.

Then again, it was entirely possible he had ulterior motives, because instead of sitting there and watching the screen with her, his hands were stroking gently over the skin of her arms, and his lips were trailing butterfly kisses down the side of her neck.

"Would you quit that?" she whispered for the hundredth time, thankful that the theater was dark so he couldn't see the grin on her face. "Can't you see it's getting really good?"

"It's definitely getting good," he agreed as he nibbled on her earlobe. "It could get a whole lot better, too."

His tone was suggestive, and sent shivers down her spine. "Could it?"

"Mmm." He pressed kisses to her jawline, then scraped his teeth gently down the side of her neck. "Delicious. And yes, it definitely could get better. But I have a feeling that if I showed you exactly what I meant right now we might be fined for breaking public ordinances. Even if teenagers do get away with this kind of stuff all the time."

Even so, he didn't stop teasing and nibbling, and by the time the movie was over she could barely remember what it had all been about. Her head was swimming, her skin was flushed and sensitized, and her br**sts were aching.

"Did you enjoy the movie?" he asked as they walked out of the theater.

"What movie? All I remember is some creep chewing on my neck."

He laughed as they reached his car, and he pressed his body up against the passenger door. "Want me to do it again?"

She took a deep breath in, then flashed him a smile. "Maybe I wouldn't mind if you did a little more than that."

His roving hands stilled. "Are you sure?"

She nodded. "Just don't be cheesy and try to press me back against the hood of the car."

Laughing, he eased off, and then opened the car door for her. "I try to be a little less tacky than that. My place or yours?"

"Yours."

The drive back to his apartment was filled with tension-of the sexual kind as well as the nervous kind. They kept shooting each other heated glances and soft touches, but underneath it all Susie was unconsciously bracing herself for rejection. Just because he was hot for her now didn't mean he would be when he finally got her clothes off.

When they reached his apartment-a Soho loft that probably cost her monthly wages in rent-he led her through the tastefully furnished living room and into his bedroom. She got the impression of a large bay window and a California-king sized bed, and then grabbed his wrist gently when he reached for the light switch.

"I like the dark," she murmured, twining her arms around him, surprised that they weren't trembling with the force of her nerves. She was afraid he would challenge her, would flip on the lights and force her to undress so that there was no way she could hide her body from him, but he said nothing, simply tightening his hold on her when she pressed her lips against his.

The kiss was long and slow and tender, similar to the one he'd given her in the park on their first date, but she felt beneath it a hint of urgency, the same urgency that compelled her to pop the buttons on the front of her shirt as her tongue danced with his. Instead of resting his hands at the small of her back the way he always did, he slid his hands up the back of her blouse, then deftly unhooked her bra.

Blood pumping, Ryan gently nudged her toward the bed, his lips still locked with hers. She tasted like butter and salt and sweetness, and he couldn't bring himself to stop kissing her even for the sake of pulling off her clothes. When her knees bumped against the bed the fell onto the mattress together, and by that time she'd finished undoing the buttons on his shirt and was sliding her hands down his chest, her fingers teasing the crisp hairs on his pectorals.

"Suz," he groaned as her dainty hands brushed against his n**ples. Gooseflesh cropped up along his arms, shivers running down his spine. The groan deepened when she dipped her head down and ran her tongue against one of his n**ples, and his c*ck grew fully erect.

"You're so delicious," she murmured. "You taste like... spiciness and sexiness at the same time." She giggled a little. "That sounds silly."

He smiled. "It doesn't sound silly at all." He pulled her blouse and bra over her head, then cupped her br**sts in both hands, enjoying the softness and weight in his palms. "I feel like I've been waiting forever to do this," he told her before leaning down and lavishing attention on them with his teeth and tongue.

Susie cried out as he licked and nibbled her br**sts, swirling his tongue around her n**ples and then nibbling on the stiff peaks until she thought she was going to go mad. The ridge of his erection pressed against her hip through his jeans, and though it should have been uncomfortable it only made her more eager. He was only inches away from her throbbing core... inches away from being inside her...

"Off." She tugged at his jeans. "Now."

"Yes ma'am." He laughed, divesting himself of them, and then leaned down and nibbled the curve of her hipbone. "You too, sweetheart." He undid the button and zipper on her jeans, and then slid his fingers beneath the waistband of her panties.

"Ryan," she moaned as he touched her.

"Wet already." He nuzzled her neck. "I hardly have to do anything at all." He slid a finger inside and she arched her hips, moaning.

"Enough, Ryan," she pleaded. "I need you." She whimpered as he added a second finger, stroking softly. "Please."

"Just a little more," he urged softly, rocking his hand in time to the motion of her hips. Using his thumb, he found her cl*t and rubbed as he pushed his fingers into her, trying to get her to go over. "How's that, Susie?"

"Ryan. Oh, Ryan!" she cried as she came, spasms of pleasure wracking her body. "Oh God," she gasped.

"It gets better." He tugged off her jeans and panties.

"There's better?" she asked as he spread her legs, positioned himself.

"Oh yes."

He thrust inside her, and the moaned simultaneously at the pleasurable friction. Her knees automatically pressed into his waist, and his hands gripped her h*ps to hold them both steady as he rocked himself inside her. They made love, first at a torturous pace, then gradually faster until they flew into a frenzy, pushing each other to the brink until she was flying off, and she felt the same exhilaration she might've swan diving from a cliff into the sea, or parachuting from a plane twenty-thousand feet up. She'd done both before, but neither activity had been accompanied by the intense pleasure rolling through her now. None of them had made her feel loved, cherished, desirable, wanted.

None of them had ever made her feel like she had come home.

When Ryan collapsed on top of her, she didn't mind his weight a bit. She thought she heard him say something, maybe ask if she was alright, but her mind was floating, and she slipped into sleep effortlessly, without fear or self-consciousness.

****

When she woke up, it was to the sensation of someone pressing kisses along her spine. She was groggy at first, not remembering exactly where she was, but as memories from last night started filtering through her consciousness she stiffened, becoming aware of the muscular legs twined with her own, the tease of whiskers against the skin of her back.

"Morning, sunshine," he murmured from somewhere between her shoulder blades. "Did you sleep well?"

She shivered as he licked the back of her neck, and felt the hardness of his c*ck rubbing between her butt cheeks. "I slept like a baby," she admitted, trying to turn in his arms to face him, but he held her tight, rocking his shaft between her legs, coating it with the moisture between her thighs.

"You're already ready for me," he murmured huskily as he nibbled one of the tendons at the base of her neck. "So wet and creamy." He slid himself inside her from behind, and she let her head fall back against his shoulder with a cry as she pushed herself more fully onto him.

"I love having you in my arms like this." He tightened his grip around her, thrusting harder. "Your sweet curves pressed against my body as I move inside you." One of his hands moved up to cup her breast, squeezing gently. "I want to see you. All of you."

"What?" Susie panicked a little as he pulled out of her, then turned her over. "What are you doing?" she asked as he rolled onto his back.

"Exactly what I said. I want to see you. Last night you got to hide in the dark, but you don't get that excuse now that the sun is out." He pulled her on top of him, then threw back the covers.

Susie shut her eyes, not wanting to see the look in his eyes when he realized just who he'd let into his bed. In her mind's eye she looked ridiculous, straddling him with her thick thighs, her overly-large br**sts sagging a bit and not at all perky like the models in the magazines. He was probably leaning in and squinting to count her jelly rolls right now, she thought, her entire body tense as a bowstring.

"Why are you so wound up, sweetheart?" Ryan asked, sliding his hands up and down her sides. "You've got nothing to be ashamed of. Nothing." He squeezed her h*ps gently, then slid his hands up her abdomen to fondle her br**sts. "These are so much better now that I can see them in the daylight. Look at how perky and pink your n**ples are. Look." His voice grew more insistent. "Open your eyes and watch."

She looked down to see him flick his tongue over her nipple, sending spears of pleasure shooting through her. His eyes were half closed, a lazy expression on his face, but she could see the lust in them; knew that he wasn't looking at her with contempt or disgust.

"You're beautiful, sweetheart." He lavished attention on her br**sts until she was squirming in his arms. "I don't see anything here you would need to hide."

"But my thighs," she protested weekly. "And my stomach."

He ducked his hand and swirled his tongue inside her navel, making her gasp.

"They're both really sensitive areas, I can tell you that much. Thighs especially." He slid his hand between her legs, stroked. "Or rather, what's between them."

Moaning, Susie pushed herself against his hand again, but he replaced it with his cock, sliding it inside her again. "Go ahead," he said, leaning back against the pillows. "Let me watch you."

Uncertain, she swiveled her h*ps a few times, then pumped them up and down. She judged what worked and what didn't by the depth of his groans and the expressions on his face, and soon found a rhythm, pushing herself up and down using her thighs. Her br**sts bounced, and for a moment she worried that it would be a turnoff to have them flopping around, but that thought was quickly discarded when he latched his hungry gaze on them.

"That's it," he breathed, reaching around to grab her butt. "Keep going." He molded each cheek in his hand, then used his grip to increase the friction, slamming her even harder against his shaft. "You're so close. I can feel it."

"Yes!" she cried a moment later, shuddering with the orgasm, and her inner walls clenched so tightly around him that he came instantly, his own orgasm almost blinding in intensity. She collapsed against his chest, and they lay there for a long while, their harsh breathing mingling, their hearts beating almost in time.

"I don't suppose," she said after a moment, "that there's any way to convince you that I really am ugly."

He swatted her bottom, making her yelp. "At this point, if you did that I'd have to accuse you of lying. And then I'd have to punish you."

She giggled, her fingers rubbing up and down against his chest. "Guess that means I'm going to have to keep you after all. I hope you don't have a problem with that."

"A problem? Sweetheart, I was going to say just the same thing. Looks like you fell into my trap."

She sighed. "Just the thing I was afraid of." She lifted her head off his chest to look at him, and he grinned at the twinkle in her vivid green eyes.

"Looks like you're just going to have to live with that mistake. Because I'm not letting you out of it."

As they kissed, tangled in the sheets, the sunlight streaming over their nak*d bodies, Susie decided Ryan was definitely someone she could live with.

