Shelby sighed happily as she stretched, still comfortably between the sheets of her bed. The clock on the table next to her told her it was ten o'clock in the morning, and she was happy as a clam because she had absolutely nowhere to be and nothing to do. It was the Monday of Memorial Day Weekend and she was off the hook for work. She could stay in bed and read, or perhaps go out and do some light shopping.

Throwing off the covers, she whistled her way into the shower, and kept whistling right on until her phone rang halfway through breakfast. Glancing at the little screen, she saw it was her sister, Lisa, and answered.

"Shelby. Thank God," Lisa said, sounding thoroughly harried. "I just got a call from corporate telling me that I need to fly to Los Angeles to head up a training seminar."

"Oh, no. Do you need me to watch Dawson?"

"Could you?" Lisa paused. "I'm really sorry, Shelby. I know you probably had plans for the weekend but I really don't trust anyone else with him."

"I don't mind at all, Lisa. Really, it's no trouble. I love spending time with Dawson. Besides, he hasn't seen his auntie in awhile so it will be good for both of us."

"Thanks, sis. You're the best."

****

The two walked in over an hour later, Lisa hauling a pile of bags, Dawson skipping happily with a gap-toothed grin on his face.

"Auntie Shel!" he launched himself at her and nearly knocked the wind out of her as he wrapped his arms around her hips.

"Hey sport." Shelby laughed and ruffled his hair. "How've you been?"

"Great!" He jumped back and looked up at her. "Mommy says I get to spend the WHOLE weekend with you."

"You sure do." Lisa set the bags down next to the kitchen counter and pulled her son in for a quick hug. "I have a daily checklist of places he needs to be and things he needs to get done every day for while I'm gone."

"Places he needs to be?" Shelby frowned. "I thought we would just hang out, maybe go to the Science Center or the beach."

Lisa waved her hand. "It's just school and his daily karate class. 4 P.M. every afternoon."

Oh Jesus. "Alright. I'll take care of it." H

They got Dawson settled, and then Lisa rushed out the door to the airport. The two of them stood in the kitchen for a long moment, simply looking at each other.

"So, what do you want to do this afternoon?"

They ended up going to Putt Putt, a miniature golfing center, and Shelby decided there were worse ways to spend an afternoon. They played two rounds, then enjoyed hot dogs and ice cream in the small food court inside the building before going for a round in the arcade.

By the time they were done, Dawson had a handful of glow in the dark worms, a large Sponge Bob plushie, and candy-sticky lips.

"Do we really have to go?" he whined as she dragged him out the door and to the car.

"You have karate in less than an hour, remember?" she said.

"Oh yeah." His face instantly turned solemn as she buckled him in. "Sensei is very strict about being on time. He'd make me do extra push-ups if I was late."

Shelby raised her eyebrows. This sensei of his sounded like a hard ass. She instantly pictured an image of an old, Asian man with a pencil thin mustache and beard and a stern look on his face.

They got home, dressed Dawson in his uniform-or gi, as he called it-tugged on his orange belt, and headed to the dojo. It was a surprisingly small building in the middle of a strip mall, with tall glass windows that allowed you to see straight inside. There was a bell on the door that jingled as they stepped inside into what was actually one big, open room with low walls separating different areas. Right in the center was a series of wooden benches set up like bleachers, where parents could sit and watch. Over the low pony wall was the dojo itself, a rectangular, carpeted area where quite a few students of varying belt levels stood, practicing different techniques. Shelby smiled at the two punching bags, then arched her brows at the variety of weapons she saw mounted on the walls.

"Don't worry," a male voice said from behind her, sounding amused. "They aren't sharpened. And nobody's died in this dojo yet."

Startled, she turned to see a tall man standing off to the side, wearing the same uniform as the students but with an orange and white block-patterned belt instead of any of the other colors. He had reddish blonde hair and warm brown eyes that twinkled at her out of a classically handsome face. The cut of his clothes revealed a strong, powerful body that didn't look to have an ounce of fat anywhere.

Dawson instantly snapped his feet together and bowed from the waist. "Sensei Wilson."

The man bowed back, and Shelby had to struggle not to gape. He was the furthest thing from the Asian martial arts guru she had pictured in her mind. Rather than old and wise, he looked young and strong and very virile. A flush crept up her cheeks as she realized she was openly staring, and quickly looked away.

"Hello, Mr. Carson," he responded, and Shelby blinked. Did they all refer to each other by last name? "And how are you today?"

"I'm doing great!" Dawson flashed his customary grin, then tugged on Shelby's arm. "I get to spend the entire week with my favorite Aunt Shelby."

"I see." The man turned to her with a smile and held out a strong, powerful-looking hand. "My name is Jace Wilson, and I'm the owner of this dojo. It's very nice to meet you."

"I'm Shelby Janson. It's great to meet you too." Shelby shook his hand, mentally bracing herself because it looked like he was the kind of man who crushed fingers, but was surprised when he simply gave her a firm, but respectful handshake that didn't cause her knuckle bones to grind against one another. The calluses on his palms did scrape her skin, but not in an unpleasant way. "I'd heard that Dawson had been taking up martial arts for a while, but I've never actually been to his school.

She looked around. "Do I leave him here, or do I need to stay with him until he's done?"

"You can leave him here if you want, but I encourage you to stay and observe one of our classes. They're pretty fun."

Why not? It wasn't as though she had anything better to do. "I think I will." Plus, if Dawson got hurt, she wanted to be there in case she needed to rush him off somewhere.

Jace seemed to read her mind, because he laughed. "Don't worry. The last major injury we had in here was over five years ago. But as I said, you're welcome to stay and watch."

The two of them walked over to the wooden Japanese gate, bowed, then entered the floor. Jace called for everyone to line up and they all scrambled to the middle of the room, organized by rank. He shouted something in Japanese and they stood to attention, turned to bow to the flag hanging on the far wall, then turned back and bowed to him. It was all very formal, and Shelby thought she understood what Dawson had meant when he'd said his sensei was strict. Jace might not've looked like the typical sterotype of a martial arts guru, but he obviously was a traditionalist.

She watched as they formed lines of three, facing the flag, and Jace led them through a series of what looked to be punches, kicks and blocks. They then put mats out on the floor and proceeded to practice various sets of complicated moves that involved grabbing, twisting and throwing each other. Shelby winced as she watched Dawson go skidding across the mat, then smiled as he laughed, bounced straight back up, and proceeded to do the same to his much larger opponent.

She admitted that while it was fun to watch cute little Dawson, her eyes kept straying back to Jace. He demonstrated each move before they practiced it, moving with a fluidity and speed that seemed at odds with his tall, muscular build. In fact, it was hard to watch much of anything else.

You're totally checking him out, a snide little voice in her head whispered, and she jerked her gaze away from him. There was absolutely no point in it. She already knew from the last string of failed dates she'd been on that men didn't appreciate hourglass figures, and seeing how built Jace was, she was sure he was no different. The only men she needed in her life were the ones in her family, including little Dawson who looked like he was having the time of his life out on the training floor.

When the lesson ended they all lined up and bowed, then bowed out by rank, which meant Dawson was one of the last ones. He came skipping over to her, his blond hair tousled and his green eyes sparkling with excitement.

"Did you see me throw Matt earlier?" he asked, bouncing on the balls of his feet. "He went flying so far, didn't he!"

Laughing, she pulled him in for a hug. "You were awesome, sport. You looked like you had a lot of fun."

"So what did you think?" Jace asked, and she jumped, not having noticed his approach.

"It wasn't like any other sport I've ever watched before," she admitted. "You run a tight ship, Mr. Wilson, and you look to be a very good teacher too." Not to mention very athletic. She'd seen how many times he'd gone through all those moves himself, and yet he'd barely broken a sweat.

"Thanks." He grinned at her, and the expression lit up his face and made him look even more handsome than before. "Believe it or not karate has one of the lowest injury rates out there despite it being a contact sport."

"I'm glad to hear that." She smiled. "I'd hate to hear my nephew was putting himself in mortal danger."

"Mr. Carson here's a real trooper." He clapped a hand on Dawson's shoulder. His eyes twinkled again, but this time there was something a little more in them as he looked her up and down. "You should try it out. We're always looking for new white belts in here."

"Me? Karate?" she blushed. "Oh no. I could never do all that."

He laughed, a warm, rich sound that made her feel warm inside. "We don't start off by throwing people around, you know. It's very basic. And I always do a week or two of private lessons to get you on your feet before I stick you out there with the others."

"Oh, I don't know." She glanced out at the floor again, where two blue belts were free sparring. "I've got an awfully busy schedule." The truth, of course, was that she couldn't imagine letting herself flounder about and get all sweaty and messy while she was alone with a man like him. It would be embarrassing.

He gave her a knowing smile that made her think he saw right through her excuses. "Well if you change your mind, let me know." He turned to Dawson. "I will see you tomorrow."

She drove herself and Dawson home, and listened with only half an ear as he chattered away about anything and everything that came into his mind, as kids often did. Her own mind was in several places at once, thinking about work, carting Dawson to and from school and who knew where else.

She tossed Dawson into the shower to go wash of the sweat when they got back, then started on mac and cheese and hot dogs for dinner-one of his favorite meals. She knew it would put extra fat on her hips, but she didn't really care. A girl could indulge every once in a while, couldn't she?

You probably wouldn't worry so much about what you ate if you exercised more, that snide little voice in her head reminded her.

"Please," she thought to herself, as she cut up the fried dogs and stirred them into the mac and cheese. "I go for a walk every day during my lunch hour and I eat healthy. What more can you ask for?" She was an accountant for a small firm and spent the majority of her time with her butt in the chair.

You could always take up Mr. Buff on his offer. Karate would go a long way to get you into shape.

An image of Jace flashed in her mind, and she blushed.

"Not happening. No way is that happening."

"What's not happening?" Dawson piped up from behind her, causing her to drop the spoon she was stirring with. It landed in the pot with a loud plop.

"Nothing, honey." She turned and smiled at him. "Just thinking out loud. Dinner's ready."

They settled in, had dinner, watched TV, and went to bed... and yet she couldn't quite stop thinking about it.

****

Jace sat in his little office at the dojo, tapping the bottom of his pen restlessly against a document he was supposed to be reviewing. People thought that being a martial arts instructor only involved being out on the floor correcting punches and kicks and practicing kata, but there was a fair share of paperwork he needed to take care of too. There was always a behind the scenes to everything.

Unfortunately he wasn't thinking about the paperwork, but about Dawson's aunt... the lovely Ms. Shelby Janson. Ever since she'd walked into his dojo yesterday, looking curious and a little out of place at the same time, he couldn't quite stop thinking about her. He'd taken one look at her, standing near the doorway, and his own curiosity had been piqued because he'd never seen her around before.

Up close she'd been a stunner-clouds of silky black hair and a curvy body shown off by a form fitting top and jeans. Her green eyes had shimmered with a mixture of fear and hope when he'd mentioned the private lessons, and the blush that had spread across her pale cheeks as he'd looked her over had been very endearing.

Something about her called to him in a way that no woman had since his ex-wife. His heart clenched a little at the reminder, and he winced. Cara was the last thing he needed on his mind right now. The bell on the door jangled as someone pushed it open, and he looked up to see Dawson and Shelby walk in. Little Dawson looked as enthusiastic as ever, and Shelby looked a little more comfortable than she had the other day.

"Hello there." He walked out to greet them, exchanged bows with Dawson and shook Shelby's hand in his. In contrast to her incredibly full figure, her hands were small and fine-boned, yet she didn't give the dead mouse handshake. He hated it when he shook a woman's hand and felt like he was flapping a wet rag around, so it was a welcome change. "And how are you today, Ms. Janson?"

She smiled, the expression softening the features of her heart shaped face.

"Please, call me Shelby. We're doing just fine today."

Class was about to start, so he took Dawson out onto the floor and started class with everyone. But this time he could feel her eyes on him as he led the class through their warm up routines. He partnered them up and had them practice self-defense moves on each other, and as he was walking around every so often he caught a glimpse of her watching him. Every time their eyes met she would look away, that very becoming blush spreading across her cheeks again.

Oh yeah. She was definitely interested in him. But shy, it seemed, and that didn't make sense because she was gorgeous. Those green eyes and black curls gave her a gypsy look, and though he'd never really been attracted to full figured women on her it only looked more exotic, more enticing. And it helped that physically she was nothing like the tall, slender blonde his ex-wife had been.

After class was over he headed back to his office to finish up his paperwork. A shadow darkened the doorway and he looked up to see her standing there, biting down on her full lower lip hesitantly. Did she have any idea how sexy that looked?

"Shelby." He gave her a smile to try and put her at ease. "What can I do for you?"

"I..." she paused, a glimmer of doubt in those green eyes. "I was thinking about your offer and I decided I want to give it a shot."

"My offer?" he frowned. He didn't remember asking her out on a date.

Her face fell. "Well you had offered to give me private lessons. But if you've changed your mind..."

"No!" Her eyes widened and he immediately softened his tone. "No, no, of course I haven't. I've just been... preoccupied." Jesus. He could barely talk straight around her! "I would love to give you private lessons."

She gave him a relieved smile. "Oh, good. How much do you charge?"

"Oh the first lesson is a freebie so you can decide whether or not it's something you want to do," he said, waving his hand. "If you want to continue then I just charge a flat monthly fee. But we don't need to get into all that now. We'll just set a time for the first lesson and go from there."

"That sounds fine." Shelby paused a moment. "Would... six o'clock tomorrow night work for you?"

"That should be fine. I don't have any group lessons scheduled for that time so I'll be able to give you my full attention."

She blushed lightly. "I will see you then."

"It's a date."

****

It's a date.

Those words continued to run through her mind as Shelby agonized over what to wear to her first lesson. She knew it was stupid since she was hardly expected to dress nice when by the end of the lesson she'd be sweaty and exhausted, but she couldn't help it. Jace was a hunky guy and she was... well... an inferior model.

She looked at herself in the mirror and checked out the black leggings and purple tank top she'd chosen and sighed. They fit her like a second skin and made it clear she had love handles, but they didn't look as awful as the baggy sweatpants she'd nearly convinced herself into wearing earlier. If she knew anything, it was that trying to hide your body with overly large clothes made you look even worse than if you just wore clothes that fit you.

"It's not really a date," she muttered, wondering if she should scrape off the makeup she'd applied earlier in the day. She didn't want to look like she was trying too hard. But a glance at the clock told her she didn't have the time-she was going to be late if she didn't leave now.

Pulling her glossy black curls into a high ponytail, she grabbed her keys and purse, locked up, then drove her Jetta to the dojo. She'd left Dawson with the next door neighbor, who had a son his age. Kyle and Dawson loved playing with each other and Emily, his mom, had told her it was alright for him to stay a few hours. So, she was covered.

When she arrived at the dojo Jake was waiting for her just inside the door, dressed in his gi with that crooked smile on his face that made her heart skip a beat. His eyes traveled down the length of her body and she fought not to blush, feeling very self-conscious about the skintight, yoga-like attire, but the derision she'd expected never entered his expression. In fact, if she didn't know better she'd have said his deep brown eyes lit with admiration.

"I'm really glad you came," he told her.

"Thanks. I appreciate you taking the time."

"Not a problem. Let's get started."

He led her over to the wooden gate that separated the training floor from the observation area. "This is called a torii," he told her. "Basically it's a gate, an entrance. When you step beyond the torii, you leave any concerns, fears, problems about the outside world behind you. Out on the floor the only thing we focus on is the improvement of ourselves. When we enter the training floor, we always make sure to bow in, facing the floor." He demonstrated for her, then stepped through the gate. "Now you try it."

She did as he asked, feeling only slightly foolish.

"When we're on the floor, you may refer to me as sensei, sir, or Mr. Wilson," he told her. "We make sure always to show respect to each other. You might've noticed that all of my students refer to each other by last name. I'll be referring to you as Ms. Janson. Any questions?"

"No." When he arched a brow and simply smiled, she blushed. "No, sir."

"Very good. Let's begin."

He took her through some very basic stances, then added in two punches and two turns. He was very patient, very gentle and took it slow, correcting her by making minute adjustments to the positioning of her fist against her hip, pushing her knee to bend just a little bit deeper. Every time he touched her a little tingle went through her body, which made it incredibly hard to focus but she did her best.

"You're a quick study," he told her about half an hour into it, when she'd worked up a decent sweat and her skin was flushed. "We're going to add two kicks now."

The first one was relatively easy-a front snap kick. Raise the knee, snap out the leg, retract it, bring it down. But she floundered horribly on the round kick, which required bringing her back leg up, swinging it around, and then snapping the leg out.

"I don't think I can do this," she said after nearly falling on her rear for the fifth time."

He just smiled and shook his head. "Don't say things like that. If you don't think you can, then you won't be able to. Let me help you out."

He moved to the side of her, then gave her signal to begin. When she raised her right leg this time he placed his hand on her left hip to steady her. It would have worked out splendidly except his fingers grazed her butt, which distracted her horribly and sent her careening straight into him. Rather than sending them both to the ground he pulled her straight up against him. She was immediately aware of just how rock-solid his body was, and that there wasn't really very much separating her cheek from his bare chest, which she could see a slice of from where his gi gaped. The warmth of his body wrapped around her, along with the very subtle, spicy scent of cologne mixed with his natural essence.

And when she raised her head to look up at him, her breath caught as she realized his lips were a scant inch from hers. Their eyes locked, his dark and swirling with an emotion she couldn't quite place. She wondered what it would be like if he lowered his head, if he crossed that tiny distance and laid his lips against hers...

He blinked then, breaking the spell, and released her. "You okay?"

"Yes." She tugged her ponytail in a nervous habit and blushed. "Umm, sorry about that. I don't know what happened." A blatant lie-he'd accidentally touched her ass and she'd freaked out. Smooth move, Shel.

"It's alright," he told her, rubbing a hand against the back of his neck. "Karate is a very physical sport. Accidents happen. I'll try to be more careful." He glanced at the clock. "Looks like our hour is up."

"Oh." She should have been relieved, but instead she found herself... disappointed? She didn't say anything though, just allowed him to show her the proper procedure for bowing out, then followed his example.

"So... is this something you want to keep doing?" he asked. "You really did well out there. Most people only get through about half of what you've learned so far today."

"I... really?" She couldn't help but admit that stroked her ego. She'd never considered herself to be athletic or even particularly inclined to sports of any kind.

"Absolutely. You're a natural." He winked at her. "In a week or two you'll be out there with your nephew."

She smiled a little at the idea of being in the same class as Dawson-who would outrank her, she realized. But still, it would bring them closer together as family. And if this was something she could really become good at, and get in shape with, she could live with two weeks of flustered discomfort from getting one-on-one lessons from him.

"Alright. I'm game."

****

Jace mentally kicked himself the entire way home. He was certain he'd done the right thing by not leaning down and kissing her when she'd stumbled into his arms... and yet he couldn't help but wonder what would have happened if he had. Her lips were full, with a natural pout to them that had beckoned. He imagined they would have been soft and silky and delicious.

When she'd walked into the dojo wearing that purple top and leggings he'd wondered if his eyes had popped out of his head. The outfit had hugged her figure in all the right places, accentuating the swell of her ample bust line, her flared hips, and her rounded thighs. He could imagine kissing his way up her dainty calves, and freely admitted to himself that he'd enjoyed being in close proximity to her. She'd smelled like lavender and sunshine, and she'd looked like a little gypsy warrior woman.

He knew the reason she'd toppled into him was because he'd accidentally touched her butt, though she didn't seem to want to acknowledge that. And he'd had the feeling that she'd wanted him to kiss her. But it would have been incredibly unprofessional for him to do so, and anyone could walk in. If he'd been caught making out with one of his own students on the training floor... no. His reputation would be shot to smithereens. He'd never once become sexually involved with a student.

After arriving home he changed into shorts and a t-shirt and settled down into an armchair with a spy thriller. But his mind was still on Shelby. He wondered if it would really be so bad if he took a chance on her. It had been nearly a year since he'd caught his ex cheating with their next door neighbor. It was time to find someone else, and though she wasn't exactly his vision of the perfect woman, he was nevertheless drawn to her.

Would it really hurt for him to take a chance?

****

"So did you two have a good time together this week?" Lisa asked.

"We had an awesome week!" Dawson crowed from below, his little body wrapped around his mother's leg. "Can we do it again next weekend? I like staying at Auntie Shelby's house."

"I'm sure you do, honey," Lisa said, stroking her son's hair as she and Shelby exchanged knowing smiles. "Why don't you take your backpack out to the car so I can talk to your auntie?"

"We had a great time," Shelby told her after Dawson had skipped out. "He's full of energy as usual."

"That's my baby." Lisa smiled. "I'm really, really, incredibly grateful you did this for me, Shelby."

Shelby lifted a shoulder. "That's what family's for, right?"

"Well, if you ever need a favor, advice, anything at all, let me know, alright?"

"Will do."

Shelby let out a sigh of relief once they were out the door, happy to have her house back. In truth it hadn't been much of a hardship to have Dawson-giving up her evenings to play with him and help him with his homework and getting up a little earlier to take him to school did put a toll on her normal life activities, but it wasn't anything she couldn't handle.

What had been tough were the last two days of taking him to karate classes, and trying her hardest not to stare at Jace the entire time. She'd set an appointment for her next lesson with him on Monday because she didn't really think it was right to be fobbing Dawson off on the neighbors when she was supposed to be watching him. And she had a feeling that he was trying his best not to look at her too-and she wasn't sure why. Had she done something to make him uncomfortable? Did he know she was attracted to him? Oh gosh. Maybe she shouldn't be taking lessons from him after all if she was that obvious! She should really call and cancel. Yes, she should.

But Monday rolled around and though she'd glanced at her phone a bazillion times, she'd not been able to bring herself to do it. She had no idea why, because staying away from him would probably be the best thing in the long run, but the idea of breaking things off like that wasn't appealing.

Breaking things off? The snide little voice in her head whispered. You're not going steady here.

She rolled her eyes. Of course they weren't. That was the point.

She showed up anyway, wearing a similar outfit to last time except with a sky blue tank top instead of a purple one. This next lesson was more brutal than the last one-he added more steps, pushed harder, and she was so focused on trying to keep up with his commands while still executing the moves correctly she hardly had time to think about her attraction to him. And when she got home the only things she did was shower and pass out, utterly exhausted.

They made plans to meet three times a week, and though she was still sore by the time the next day came around she kept to the agreement. She did notice that this time he was very careful not to touch her unless it was absolutely necessary-a tap on the elbow here, a nudge to the wrist or knee as he corrected her stances, but nothing more. Even so she felt the jolt each time he did it, and couldn't help but wonder if he was feeling it too.

A week and a half passed, and she could feel the muscles in her legs and abdomen tightening, growing more toned as he forced her to engage them constantly. She grew more comfortable around him too, so that the sessions were no longer so nerve wracking and she was able to focus more on her breathing and technique and less on whether she looked like an idiot or what was going through his mind when he looked at her.

When she came in on Friday night, he was waiting for her with a brown paper-wrapped package under his left arm and a smile on his face.

"What's that?" she asked as he handed it to her.

"Open it and see."

She tore open the paper to find a set of gi and a white belt. "I... you... did you get these for me?"

He grinned. "You're going to be moving into the group lessons soon, so I thought you should have a uniform by now so you don't stick out like a sore thumb."

Her heart pumped faster-group lessons? "So soon?" She unwrapped the gi and held it up. "I don't know if I'm ready..."

"Don't worry about it. We still have a few private lessons to go. Why don't you go try it on?"

She went into the bathroom and came out a few moments later with the front of her hakama open. "I... umm... I can't get these ties right..." she mumbled, her eyes on the ground-she knew she was going to need his help, but it meant letting her see more of her skin than she was comfortable sharing with anyone, let alone a man she was attracted to.

"Uhh... here. Let me help." He reached forward to fix the ties, then froze as his fingers brushed against her bare abdomen. His eyes latched onto her br**sts, which were hidden by the pink sports bra she was wearing, and she was incredibly aware of how it pushed together and lifted her cl**vage. Something flashed in his eyes, and then he dropped his gaze, fixed her ties and pulled the hakama shut. He then showed her how to tie her belt, which was a complicated affair in and of itself.

"There you go." He stepped back and grinned at her. "You look like a warrior princess."

"Oh please." She turned, bowed in to the training floor, then took a look at herself in the mirrored wall and blinked. She was nearly unrecognizable, and though she'd been worried the uniform would make her look fat the belt cinched at her waist saved her figure from being engulfed by the loose cloth. And actually the cut fit her well.

"Alright, maybe I don't look so bad."

He laughed. "Let's get started. We're going to do some self-defense today."

"Huh?"

"Just follow along with me."

He took her through a set of moves that involved peeling someone's grip off your head and twisting them around so you could kick them in the face. They practiced a few times side by side, and then he faced her and grabbed her by the hair.

"Go ahead," he told her. "Show me what I have coming."

She fumbled the first two times, but the third time she successively twisted his arm around and executed the uplift kick, stopping just a scant inch from his cheekbone. "That was pretty cool," she said excitedly, looking down at her hands as she marveled. "I guess even someone like me could do this."

"You're a natural," he assured her. "With a few years under your belt you'll be a bona fide bad ass." She laughed, and he grinned at her. "Now let's go through it again."

They practiced it a few more times and then went into some other moves. He showed her one that involved knocking the opponent's legs out from underneath with a simultaneous sweep and chop motion, but she couldn't seem to get it no matter how many times she tried.

"I think you're going to have to show me," she finally said with a sigh. "Like, for real. I have to see exactly what's happening so I can understand."

She could have sworn he hesitated, but it was only a fraction of a second. "Sure. Stand across from me and grab with both hands."

Shelby did as he asked, swallowing a little as his gi gaped, revealing an expanse of muscular chest dusted with crisp hairs. She didn't have much time to stare though because he was moving then, trapping her arms against his chest, stepping between her legs, then raising his arm above her head and bringing it down against her collarbone as he swept her right leg out from behind. She let out a little shriek, but his grip was firm on her left shoulder and he controlled the fall so she hit the ground with minimal impact. Then he pulled back his fist and made as if to punch her, then pulled back again.

"Jesus," she panted, the wind thoroughly knocked out of her. She looked up to find him staring at her intently, a gleam in his eyes again, and was terribly aware that his knee was brushing up against her ribs, her right wrist was still clasped in his hand, and their faces were only inches away. "Why are you staring at me like that?"

"Like what?" he asked, his voice low and husky.

"Like... like..." she shivered, not sure if she should say it, but what the hell? "Like you're going to kiss me?"

"Maybe because I am." He laid his lips against hers and a thrill shot straight through to the ends of her toes. His grip loosened on her wrist and she snaked her freed arms around his neck without even thinking, pulling him closer. His musky scent surrounded her as he deepened the kiss, filling her with a giddiness that made her head spin and her entire body tingle, as it grew warm with pleasure. And when he swept his tongue inside her mouth she took the opportunity to taste him, to absorb him, to marvel in the hunger and sweetness of what they were sharing.

Eventually he lifted his head, breaking the spell. "I... uh... we probably shouldn't."

"Oh. Right." She looked away, embarrassment creeping into her face.

"I didn't mean..." He glanced over at the windows. "I just meant that this might not be the greatest place.

Her cheeks flushed as she followed his gaze and realized what he meant-the sidewalk was only ten yards away, and she could still see people walking about, the sun nearly disappeared over the horizon. At that distance they probably wouldn't be able to see exactly what they'd be doing... but all bets were off when it came to that sort of thing. Mortified, she rolled away from him and stood

"I'm sorry," she said, bowing. "I should go.

"Wait." He grabbed her wrist as she headed for the torii. "I... would you like to go out for dinner?

The disappointment that had started to claw at her heart instantly dropped away

"Are you asking me out on a date?"

"Well, normally when I kiss women and then ask them out to dinner, that means a date." He grinned at her to take the edge off the sarcasm.

"Do you kiss a lot of women?" she teased.

A shadow crossed his face, but it was so quick she didn't have a chance to remark on it. "It's been awhile since I've last found a woman I wanted to kiss. And since every time I see you that's all I can think about doing, I think it might be best if we take our relationship out of the dojo."

Her heart fluttered. Had he really? "What time and place?"

"Tomorrow, at Bravo's? Six O'Clock?"

"I'll be there."

****

She arrived at the Italian bistro five minutes early. She'd finished dressing about an hour ago and had eventually gotten fed up fidgeting nervously at home, and so decided to just go. The entrance was jam packed full of people hoping to get a seat-Bravo's was very popular, and she winced as she heard the hostess tell someone else that the wait time would be thirty minutes. Hopefully Jace had made reservations, because otherwise they were going to spend half the night just waiting around to eat.

"Hey beautiful." Jace spoke directly into her ear, sending shivers down her spine, and she squeaked in surprise and turned to face him. Her heart galloped in her chest as she studied him. He wore an un-tucked blue and white plaid button up shirt and khaki slacks, both of which were not baggy in the least-she could see the clear outline of his shoulders, as well as the powerful muscles in his thighs.

"I know," he said, chuckling. "I look a bit different out of uniform, don't I?"

You look sexy as hell, she thought, but only smiled as he stepped up to the hostess and gave his name. He did have a reservation-thank goodness-and they were escorted to a table outside on the patio. A warm breeze tickled her bare legs and teased the few tendrils of hair she'd allowed to escape her up do.

They picked up their menus to decide on what to order, but Jace could hardly focus on the selection-he was too busy staring at Shelby. His jaw had nearly hit the floor when he saw her standing by the hostess booth, dressed in a low cut green halter dress that hugged her curves in all the right places-and he did mean all. From the back it accentuated the area where the small of her back flowed into her derriere, and made the most of that area of her body too. And when she'd turned to face him he'd nearly swallowed his tongue at the sight of her cl**vage-that dress was obviously meant to flatter a woman's cup size, and he knew already from spending time with her that her cup size needed no flattering, so the effect was... well... effective.

"My skin is going to combust into flames if you keep staring at me like that," she finally said, putting down her menu and giving him a crooked smile.

"Sorry." He ran his fingers through his hair and gave her a sheepish grin. "I can't seem to help myself. You're gorgeous."

She felt her face flush with heat and touched a hand to her cheek self-consciously. "Thank you, Jace."

They slipped into easy conversation, divulging information about who they were. She told him about her career as an accountant, and he told her that before he'd decided to devote his professional life to martial arts that he'd been a professional photographer.

"Seriously?" she gaped at him. "That's the last thing I would have guessed."

He laughed. "I've still got my equipment. You should come over some time and let me snap a few shots. I know you'd make a very sexy subject."

Blushing, she waved him away. She hated having a camera lens pointed at her-she was so picky about her photos she was hardly ever satisfied. They enjoyed their meal and continued to make small talk, then walked around the outdoor mall the restaurant was located in. She stopped to admire a blown glass pendant in a display case at one of the jewelry shops, and before she could even ask he was getting the saleswoman to open the case and putting it around her neck.

"It looks great on you," he said, admiring the blue, white and gold swirling design of the pendant. "We'll take it."

"Oh no-" she protested as the woman giftwrapped it and rang up the sale. "You don't need to do that, Jace."

"Of course I don't." He took the box and pressed it into her hand. "But I want to. A woman like you deserves beautiful things."

Was she dreaming? He was doing and saying all the right things to make her heart melt. "Well, I guess if you put it that way I can accept it." She smiled, then looked at her watch. "Looks like it's time for me to go."

She let him walk her to her car, but when she reached for the door handle he gently closed his fingers around her wrist. "Aren't you going to let me kiss you goodnight?"

Her heart rate picked up, but her expression was calm as she tilted her face up toward him. "Well, I suppose we could do it just this once."

His lips covered hers as he pressed her body back up against the Jetta, and she promptly forgot about everything else, including the fact that they were in a parking lot and passersby were likely watching them. The breeze had cooled, but the heat from his body kept her plenty warm, not to mention the thermal energy they were generating from the kiss. Her entire body was flushed and pulsing warmly, and her n**ples hardened and scraped against his chest through their clothing.

"I... I'd better let you go," he finally said, breathing hard. He kissed her one last time. "Goodnight."

She watched him walk off, then got into the car on very shaky legs and drove home.

****

Their next date was a movie night at his house. She showed up in a pale blue blouse and jeans, the pendant he'd brought her nestled comfortably against her chest. Every time it slid against her skin she got a little thrill, knowing it wasn't just something she'd bought on a whim, but something a man had bought for her, a man that she was dating.

His house was a two-story adobe located near the mountains. She walked down the paved pathway and rang the doorbell, hoping she'd gotten the right address. A sigh of relief escaped her when the door opened and Jace was standing there, dressed in a black t-shirt and jeans that hugged his body like a second skin, revealing just how muscular his body really was.

"Hey Shelby" he greeted her, leading her through the house and into the living room. She didn't have much of a chance to take in the interior, but she got enough glimpses of the decor to see he'd chosen a southwestern motif. It was further reinforced by the tiny potted cacti on the coffee table in front of the humongous leather couch, and the cow skin rug beneath it. A bowl of popcorn and two beers were already set out, and they settled down on the couch to watch Casablanca.

About halfway through the film Jace put his arms around her, pulling her close. She snuggled in against his chest as she watched the sparks fly between Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman on screen. His hand curled around her side, and shivers ran up and down her spine as his fingers stroked her hip.

"You're making it hard to concentrate on the movie," she murmured.

"Maybe I've found something more interesting to focus my attention on," he whispered in her ear, then sent more shivers down her spine along with a rush of warmth as he flicked his tongue against her earlobe.

She turned her head toward him and he caught her lips in a kiss that was hungrier than the last two. They were already so close, yet somehow he managed to pull her even tighter against him as he tasted her, shifting so that she was straddling his lap. His hands roamed up and down her back, and a shock of excitement and desire passed through her as she felt his erection pressing between her legs. She should have been alarmed, perhaps even concerned, but it felt like the most natural thing in the world when he pulled her blouse over her head and cupped her br**sts through her push up bra. A tremor of self-consciousness went through her, but if he was concerned at the extra pounds of flesh on her hips, he didn't let on in the least as he ran his big, warm hands down her sides.

"Let me know..." he licked her collarbone, "if I'm going..." he nipped it, "too fast."

"No such thing," she panted. He popped the clasp on her bra, then took each nipple into his mouth and suckled gently. Her entire body hummed with pleasure, the space between her legs growing moist and throbbing, and she began rubbing herself shamelessly against the erection pressing against her.

"I'm going to embarrass myself if you keep that up," he growled into her ear.

"Is that so?" She pulled the t-shirt off his head and splayed her hands across his chest. "You're not the only one who gets to have fun around here." She kissed him deeply as she continued to grind herself against him, swallowing his groans, until the pleasure built itself up and exploded into an orgasm.

"You're taking unfair advantage of me," he gasped, tugging at her jeans, and she laughed.

"Yes, because I'm so much bigger and stronger than you."

"I've learned to never underestimate the power of a woman," he said, tugging her jeans and panties off the rest of the way. He shoved his own down to his knees, then gripped her h*ps and pulled her down on top of him. "Let's go for a ride."

Shelby gasped as he filled her completely-he was hard and thick and felt incredible inside her. It had been a long time since she'd last had sex, but she found her rhythm easily enough as she rode him, first with slow movements, then gradually picking up speed as he pistoned his h*ps faster, urging her forward. The pleasure built and built until she was practically delirious with it, until she was living it, breathing it, being it.

"That's it," he rasped as he watched her eyes go blind, her head fall back as she cried out his name. "There you go, Shel." And as the shudders racked her body, he let the pleasure take him too.

"That was..." Shelby paused for breath. "I have no words."

Jace chuckled and wrapped his arms around her. "There is nothing you could say that would be more flattering to my ego."

She bit down on his nose gently. "I will say that next time, I hope there's a bed underneath us."

He arched a brow. "There's going to be a next time."

"Unless you're a one-night stand kind of guy..." she began to draw back, and he wrapped his arms around and pulled her forward.

"No way. I haven't been with anyone since I found my ex-wife in bed with my neighbor two years ago. I haven't wanted anyone." Her eyes widened and he buried his nose in the hollow where her neck and shoulder met so he wouldn't have to see the look in them. "Not until you, anyway. And now that you're here, I want you to stay."

She said nothing, just ran her fingers through his hair for a long moment. Then, "I've never felt this way before, Jace. I'd be a fool not to try and keep you, and any woman stupid enough to cheat on you is a bigger fool."

He lifted his head and grinned before kissing her fiercely. "I knew there was a reason I liked you so much."

"I am a pretty likeable gal." She grinned back at him. "Now, how about that bed?"

-The End-

