Not long ago, Bella Adler was running her own successful business and was happier than she had ever been. She had a boyfriend and the business was turning a profit during its first year. She was at the top of her game and was certain that things would only get better. She had been through her share of heartache in the past, and so it was about time that things started going her way.

And then everything changed almost overnight. Bella discovered that her long-term boyfriend and business partner had not only robbed her of everything she had in savings, but hadn't so much as given her a second look before running off with her best friend.

Going to the police had proved futile, because Ricky had covered his tracks all too well. She'd trusted him too much - for far too long. And in many ways, she felt as though maybe she deserved it, at least a little. She had to toughen up, smarten up and never let her guard down again. Men couldn't be trusted. Hell, women couldn't be trusted. The only person Bella knew she could trust was herself.

Staring blankly at the computer screen in front of her, she saw the disheartening figures before her eyes. From what she could tell, she owed enough money to the bank and her other creditors to have her swimming in debt for years. She'd never get out from under this and there was no way possible that she'd ever be able to salvage her business.

Bella shoved shaky hands through her long, dark blonde hair, forcing her brain to function as she tried not to panic. When she'd started her event management business, she'd had it all worked out, and with Ricky eager to help her build the business from the ground floor up, she was sure that it would be a success, and it was. Ricky had been responsible for handling the business finances and day-to-day management, while Bella focused on branding, building a client base and completing projects.

Well, Ricky had certainly proven just how little he could be trusted - with both her money and her heart. However, she was spared the misery of nursing a broken heart over his treachery because she simply didn't have time to lick her wounds. Right now, she was more concerned about how she was going to handle the numerous creditors that were coming after her, and figuring out a way to rebuild her business and her life.

She heard a light tap on the door, and her assistant, Cherie, walked into the office. She was the only employee Bella had left; the only one she could afford to keep, anyway.

"Any good news, Cherie?" Bella asked, wondering if there was any reprieve in sight. Like maybe all of her creditors suddenly had all records of her debts miraculously wiped out from their records....

No such luck, it seemed, as Cherie proceeded to give her a list of calls and correspondents that had already contacted that day - all clamoring for blood, apparently.

And then, there came a ray of hope, as Cherie added, "And the people from Lincoln Consulting...I finally got a call back, and they've agreed to a meeting. Tomorrow."

Bella's blue eyes brightened, a smile of relief spreading over her beautiful face. The financial firm, Lincoln Consulting were one of her biggest creditors. If they were interested in meeting and speaking with her, then that meant she possibly had the chance to get them off her back for a while.

She could hardly sleep that night, thinking about what she'd say while she presented her proposals to them. Bella knew she just had to convince them to give her another opportunity. Just one more chance.

Damn you, Ricky, she swore as she drove into the city the following morning. This was the first time she'd allowed herself to think of him, or what he'd done. He'd managed to escape; was probably holidaying in Honolulu or some other exotic location.

With her best friend, and with her money.

Breaking down wasn't an option, not for Bella. She could only dust herself off, learn from her mistakes, and move forward. One thing was for sure though; she'd never allow herself to fall in love again. Being in love blinded you, and she would never be vulnerable again.

* * *

Jason Riley felt like he'd been waiting for this moment for longer than he cared to admit. When he'd seen that all too familiar name on the file, had read the details of the case; he'd been almost unable to contain himself. Bella Adler...beautiful, untouchable Bella Adler. The one woman who'd ever come close to stealing his heart - only to crush it without hesitation.

Ten years was a long time to hold a grudge - and Jason normally wasn't the kind of guy to let anyone get to him. But there was something about Bella, and the way she had hurt him, that made it all too hard to forget - or forgive.

And now, she needed his help. Well, at least, the help of his financial firm. Jason wondered what would happen when she opened the door, walked in and saw him standing in the office, waiting to tell her that her fate was sealed. Unless...

He didn't let himself dwell on the enticing possibilities. He would savor them later, when he finally had her on her knees. And he could think of many things she could be made to do for him in that opportune position...

Shaking the dark thoughts from his mind, he looked at his watch. She was five minutes late. Was she even going to show up? Had she somehow found out he was the one handling her case file, and had backed out of the meeting, knowing she had no hope of assistance?

Jason knew he'd been careful to keep all details from her and from her secretary. All Bella knew was that the boss was interested in talking to her regarding the financial relationship between their businesses. He could imagine how excited she must have been, knowing that someone from Lincoln Consulting was willing to discuss her business. He couldn't wait to see her face when she finally saw who it was that was eager to talk to her. It may be a long time ago, but it was true what they said about revenge; it was best served cold...

***

Bella hadn't been sure what to expect when she walked into that office, but it wasn't the dark-haired, tall, striking man that rose from behind the desk. It took all she had not to rock on her heels as if struck by a bolt of electricity. Okay, this wasn't the grey-haired, pot-bellied financier she'd been looking forward to winning over with her "sensible" proposition. The man in front of her spelled "dangerous" in every feature, which seemed as chiseled from marble as his whipcord built looked, even in its perfectly fitted suit.

"Miss Adler?" he said with a smile, coming forward and offering his hand, as well as a smile that was more a flash of white sunshine that did strange things to her belly. She suddenly wondered why beneath the tan and those devilish good looks, there seemed something very familiar about him. But Bella knew she'd have remembered if she'd ever met a man like him before. She'd come across lots of handsome and charming men in her line of business, and beyond. However, they all paled behind the darkly striking looks of the man standing before her.

"Jason Riley. It's nice to see you again, after all these years."

The name sunk in like lead in her ears, even as her hand felt warm and tingly from his brief yet stirring handshake. Bella's heart sunk when she realized where she'd seen those deep, grey eyes before, and that determined square chin.

"Jason?" she asked in disbelief, not able to relate the image of masculinity that stood in front of her to the guy who'd crushed on her so deeply in college. Jason Riley...that wasn't a name she should have easily forgotten, yet she had.

She shivered slightly at the memory as she slipped her hand out of his, trying for a small smile. "Wow, it's been a long time," she paused, unsure as to what to say. "I guess considering our history, I should reschedule the meeting with someone else?"

He quirked a thick, black eyebrow at her. "There's no need for that, Bella," he replied, a light, easy smile on his face, "It's been years since all of that happened. Surely long enough for both of us to have moved on, I hope?"

Bella couldn't hide the relief that washed across her face. "Of course, Jason. My thoughts, exactly."

"Good! So, take a seat and we can begin," he smiled.

Bella sank into it, watching Jason's every move as he made his way back to the desk.

Who would have thought, she wondered in amazement, her eyes trailing over him.

The Jason she remembered had been good looking yes, and she had found his attentions flattering for the few months he had pursued her before graduation. They had met at a party thrown by one of her friends, and he'd seemed to fall instantly for her.

Bella, who would be first to admit she had been somewhat of the shallow type during her senior years - thanks to the male attention she drew in. She had liked him - and had even considered dating him, but then things had unfolded in the following months that had caused her to, in no uncertain terms, let him know she could never be his.

"These figures," he said thoughtfully, nodding to the papers in front of him. "Astounding. What could have happened to turn your business into the mess it is now?"

Bella grimaced. "I guess I was...careless. Trusted the wrong people." She shrugged, a faint smile slanting her lips. "My partner was nothing short of criminal in garnering much of my earnings for himself."

"It looks like he had been trimming profit for quite some time," he commented, quirking a brow up at her. "You mean to tell me you never suspected any foul play? From the sloppy bookkeeping, you should have easily noticed the discrepancies."

"I told you, I trusted him implicitly," she replied, feeling her teeth grit. His mocking tone hadn't been lost on her and Bella felt a wash of anger and frustration swell within her chest. She sighed heavily, knowing that she had no choice but to endure his torment. If this was his revenge for her having turned him down many years ago, it was a small price to pay if it meant she would be able to save her business. "He was my boyfriend," she whispered, wishing he would change the subject. "I would never have thought that he would betray me this way."

Jason smiled, huffing slightly. "I see," he murmured. "From what I remember, you never really were a good judge of character."

This time she flinched, the gesture one she could not hide. His true meaning was strikingly obvious...considering that she'd turned him down, only to date the popular college jock, Roy - a guy known around campus to be a relentless womanizer. However, even as her lips parted, as if to defend herself, she suddenly realized the futility of it. What would it matter? It was so long ago - and like he'd said earlier, they'd both moved on. Hadn't they?

She looked up at him, tried to gauge his thoughts - but it was impossible. His expression was unreadable much like a professional poker player intent on winning the round. As she analyzed him, she realized there were so many differences from the Jason she'd known in college, and the one seated before her. The former Jason had been kind, adoring, if not a bit unsure of himself. He'd have done anything to help her or to make her happy. But the man she faced now...there was a hard veneer to his handsomeness, a chill even in his smile. It would be hard indeed to trust her memory that this was the same Jason who had been so in love with her that he'd written her poetry, followed her everywhere she went...How her friends - and his, had teased him. In time she'd come to welcome his attentions, and had even felt her heart begin to heat up in response to his affections. But then...

Not for the first time since those days, she heaved an inner sigh of regret. Hurting Jason had been one of the things she'd been ashamed of. And she had never been given the chance to explain...

"Well," she said at last, forcing a smile unto her stiff lips, "You can be sure I won't be making the same mistakes again. That's why I came here today, to see if I could be given a chance to recover and rebuild. With more time, I could..."

He was shaking his head. "The firm isn't happy with the turn of events, Bella. I'll be frank with you - you've lost nearly everything. Coupled with the fact that you're already behind on payments, it doesn't look good. Despite wanting to help, I've been asked to handle this with the strictest of procedure."

Bella felt her heart sink even further at his cool, impersonal tone. "I understand, Jason, trust me. And I don't blame you if you intend to follow your instructions to the letter. I mean...even if there were a way you could be of assistance - I would be the last person you'd wish to help."

He rose to his feet, a surprised expression on his face as he moved from behind his desk. "Why would you say that, Bella? You think me so...unforgiving? We weren't kids then, and we certainly aren't now. You made your choice, and I had to live with that. Seems like now, so will you."

She nodded slightly, a look of understanding crossing her face as she gathered up the dignity to stand. "I should have known there'd be nothing you could do," she told him with a tone that had more than a trace of bitterness.

"Ahh, not so fast. I didn't say that," he drawled, making her pause as, despite herself, wings of hope rose in her heart once again. "Yours is a very promising business, Bella. We are aware that you've shown great potential from the start. Your lapses have indeed put a strain on our confidence in you having a head for business..."

Bella sat forward earnestly, telling herself not to smart at his formal tone. "Jason, I can do this; I just need your firm to give me another chance. I'll hire a professional accountant this time, and take more care with my affairs. In a few months I'll be back on track and it'll be like all this never happened at all."

He nodded, looking thoughtful. "You're asking us to...erase the past. Hmm, I'm sure that's a sentiment we both share - in more ways than one." His eyes met hers in a mocking glance. "I'll admit, that when I saw your name come up, I was interested. I never thought in a million years that our paths would ever cross again - and certainly not in circumstances where you'd need my help. And I assure you, Bella, that I can help. A simple good word from me, and you'll have all the time you need to get your business back on its feet. I could even secure another small loan to help you pay off other debts. However, I have to wonder - since I'll be willing to do all this for you, for old times' sake, of course...what exactly would you be willing to do for me?"

Bella stared at him, not sure of what to say. Her hope had swelled as he'd fed her hope only to pull it away from her once again.

"I don't really understand what you mean, Jason," she replied slowly, standing still as he began to pace, circling her in silence as his gaze ran over her intently. She tried not to squirm beneath his fathomless eyes. "I would be more than grateful, of course, if you could do anything to help me. I guess...I guess if there was a way I could show how much I appreciate your efforts, then I wouldn't hesitate to do so."

"That's good to know," he murmured, and she could feel him stop behind her. She didn't know what to think as she became aware of his light, warm breath on the back of her neck. His closeness caused the strangest reaction in her - alarm, yes, and a certain stirring of feminine awareness. The danger, the dark heat, emanating from his body was unexpected, and it brought to mind all those years ago when for a few weeks, they had been so, so close...

"Though, from experience," he continued in the same casual tone, "I remember that you were never really the type to return someone's kindness. If anything, you felt entitled to everything that a man had to offer."

Bella sighed shallowly, turning her head slightly, about to face him, only to be stopped when he gripped her arms, keeping her in place. "I used to fantasize about a time just like this," Jason growled and Bella felt his breath wash across her neck, his lips almost touching her delicate lobe. This time, she could not repress a quick shudder.

"You...in trouble, needing my help. And I...holding the power to make you suffer just as you made me suffer all those years ago. Such sweet revenge for being used and abused by the beautiful, yet ruthless Bella Adler."

"I...I thought you said that you'd keep this...strictly business," she heard herself say in panic, not sure why her heart was pounding so hard to feel his body so close behind her.

"Oh, trust me, this is nothing but business Bella," he assured her smoothly. "I have a simple proposal, which I am sure will get you exactly what you need...while providing me with what I want, as well."

Bella swallowed. "I...what do you want Jason?"

"Bella," he whispered, and she felt him lower his face to her neck, inhaling deeply. "It's been years...but you still smell the same. Sweet, hot...tempting. I never stopped wanting you, Bella. Even when I know you're nothing but a shallow, heartless woman, you still have such a hold on me. How pathetic is that?" He tore away from her, and she felt her chest inhale quickly. She hadn't realized that she had been holding her breath.

She started to turn towards him, wanting to tell him how sorry she was but before she could reply he was pressed up against her once more, his eyes blazing with such passionate intensity she could feel the fire dripping from every word that spilled from his beautiful mouth.

"But I'm not the man that you used to know, Bella. Not anymore. This time I'm not interested in any romantic idea of us being together. I don't need it nor do I want it. Jason's hands flew up to her shoulders and he gripped them tightly, pulling Bella tightly against his chest. "This time I just want you...in my bed. Give me that and you'll get all of the help you need."

Bella could barely breath with Jason's broad chest pressed against her back. She opened her mouth struggling to force the words out from her trembling lips. "You want...you want me to sleep with you?"

He chuckled softly, his lips trailing softly along her neck. "I want to do a lot of things with you, Bella...but I promise you, sleeping will not be one of those things."

"How dare you!" she snapped, twisting round and wresting herself from his hold. She met his sardonic expression with fury and distaste. "You're right about not being the same man," she fumed with disgust. "The Jason I used to know would never take advantage of an innocent woman this way."

"Innocent woman?" he echoed, tilting one eyebrow mockingly. "Hardly a word I'd use to ever describe you. And I told you; I'm not the Jason you knew, Bella. That Jason was a fool." He turned around quickly, his expression darkening as his eyes settled on his flushed cheeks.

"What could possibly be holding you back from accepting my offer, Bella? It's not like I'm asking for anything that you haven't given away freely before. God knows, you certainly spread it around back in college."

Bella felt her cheeks sting at his words. "I don't know what you mean about college, Jason. If you're trying to say I was some kind of ..."

"Bella, I know all about your escapades. With Roy, and probably half the football team...you had quite a reputation. I always wondered why I never got to see past your golden curls and baby blue eyes to know you were really nothing but a slut."

Bella's hand flashed across his face before she could stop herself. And then she stumbled back in shock at her own violent reaction, seeing the tracks of her fingers spread across his jaw before they disappeared.

He hardly seemed moved by the unexpected blow, though his lips thinned somewhat.

"I can't see why you're so flustered. You were hardly an angel, Bella."

"I certainly wasn't the whore that you seem to recall, either," she choked, her fists clenched at her sides as she tried to contain her emotions. "I can't believe you'd actually think me capable of that. I don't know what rumors Roy may have circulated about me, but..."

"Bella, there's no need to explain," he said, raising his hands. "You never cared what anyone thought of you back then. You did what you pleased - I don't think you should worry now. It's all in the past anyway. All I'm really interested in now is whether you'll accept my offer."

Her lips curled in aversion. "You may think I'm cheap and lacking in morals...but then what does that say of you, huh? Bribing me into becoming your whore - the very thing you so harshly accuse me of being back in college."

She quickly took up her bag that had slipped from her shoulders earlier, and forced herself to meet his silent gaze with a raised chin. "No thank you, Jason. I'll find a way out of this mess without your help - and certainly without having to spend any amount of time in your bed!"

Bella turned sharply and was already at the door before his next words hit her.

"If you walk out that door, Bella, then you can kiss your business goodbye," he told her coolly. "I'll call in all the loans and within days, your whole shop will be closed down. Add that to you losing every other thing of worth you have as we move in to recover our losses."

She turned sharply once more to face him, eyes widened with a sudden panic she could not conceal. "You wouldn't dare..."

He smiled, and it was in no way reassuring. "Bella, apart from the fact that it's my job...I'm actually going to relish doing it. It's about time you realized that things aren't going to keep falling into your lap. Now, if only you'd agree to fall into mine..." His grin widened with mirth, the blaze in his eyes unmistakable.

"I could take you right now, right there on that desk," he said softly; coming forward to stand in front of her, close enough for her to see every tiny pore on his face. Her eyes were drawn to his mouth with its generous bottom lip as he formed those husky words. His hand lifted to trace his fingers over the slope of her cheek, before wrapping round her neck. "All I'd need do is push up that sinfully short skirt of yours, rip aside your panties...and shove my c*ck hard into you...again and again till I'm done. I can't think of a better way to spend the next fifteen minutes."

Bella could hardly breathe, immobilized by his words and his touch, which felt like they'd put her under a spell of lust, mixed in with anger and rage. Damn him, his words went coursing through her body like quicksilver, making her p**sy twitch in incredible response. How could she actually even be considering what he was saying! She berated her treacherous body, as it trembled in anticipation.

"However," he added, when she did not - could not- reply, "I do have some sense of...delicacy. I'll be willing to take you to dinner first, maybe a bit of dancing. And then afterwards..." He slanted his head to plant a kiss right on the corner of her parted lips. The pressure was light, yet all the more breath-taking for its veiled promise. "It'll take more than one night to slake the past four years' frustrations...so I'm willing to make do with three. Three nights, Bella, and you get all the support you need for that quaint company of yours."

It was only when he withdrew moments later that Bella could actually piece her thoughts together. His proposition rang through her head over and over, even as she stared into his face searchingly, just to be sure he was actually serious. There was no trace of jest in his eyes, which seemed darkened from grey to black with the strength of his intent.

He backed away, hands outstretched. "Well, Bella? You know the deal. This is your chance to wipe the slate clean - in more ways than one. So what's your answer going to be?"

"My answer," she began, eyes narrowing with the anger and powerlessness she felt, "is to let you know that you're not going to get away with... sexually blackmailing me! I'll speak to my lawyer about this and I'm sure he'll know exactly how to handle your kind of "deal"."

Instead of looking threatened, he actually smiled. "Somehow, I don't think you'll do that," he said with a careless shrug. "The unnecessary embarrassment...the possible disgrace - not to mention the cost of taking action against an executive of this company. Face it, Bella, I'll have more of a chance of convincing people that you tried to proposition me, not the other way round."

For some reason, she realized that he might actually be right. It was unlikely that anyone one would look at Jason and think he'd ever have to sink to the level of blackmailing a woman for sex. Not only was he incredibly good-looking and fit, he was rich and successful.

She hid her inner consternation behind a smile. "Yes, I can imagine that you must have plenty of female admirers - which makes it so unfathomable why you would choose to do this. In a way, I know I should be flattered that you want me this bad that you'd sink so low. However, a part of me senses that this is simply a ploy to further demean me, shame me for what you think I did to you."

"So what do you suggest?" he asked, ignoring her accusations. "Forget the past ever happened? Forget how you made me a laughing stock of all our friends? You were the spoiled rich girl, while I was the classic geek on a scholarship who fell for the cheerleading Queen. The tables have certainly turned now, haven't they?"

"I never saw you that way, Jason!" she replied emphatically. "I cared for you - a lot! It's just...things went out of control with Roy. I never meant to..."

Jason lifted a hand, effectively cutting her off. "I'm not here to play the blame-game, Bella. I need an answer to my proposition and that is all I care to hear from you."

Bella sighed raggedly. She could say "no", but that would destroy any chance that she had of getting her life back on track. But damn it to hell if she was just going to lie down and take it like he wanted her to. She finally looked up at him and said, "Do I get time to think about this?"

She could see the look of gloating in his eyes, knew he thought he'd already won.

"You have until tomorrow," he said brusquely, making her head shoot up in surprise. "As you know, time is of the essence, so I see no need for procrastination, do you?" He sent her a thin smile. "If you don't show up here same time tomorrow, I'll know your answer is "no". That gives you, oh...about twenty four hours to make up your mind."

"How generous of you," she said, her own tone tinged with sarcasm. "You must have had this all thought out the minute you saw my name on that file. Well, Jason, I hope you don't end up regretting this."

"How can I?" he murmured, with that irritatingly careless shrug of his. "When either way, I win? If you refuse, you still pay. And if you say yes..." He left the sentence unfinished, but Bella didn't need to hear more. He was definitely right; either way, she lost. She just had to figure out which was worse...losing her dignity and pride, or losing all she'd ever worked for...

* * *

Bella wasn't sure how she'd left that office, or how she'd made it back home. All she knew was that she was standing inside her living room, staring into space and wondering how things had just gone from bad to worse.

Seeing Jason again, coming face to face with his frosty thirst for revenge - she hadn't exactly foreseen that when she'd woken up that morning.

She had to remember that she had only a certain number of hours in which to make her decision. The bastard! His misplaced desire to make her suffer in some way for the past was going to cost her more than she ever dreamed. In her heart, she knew she should tell him to go to hell. But could she pay the ensuing price?

"Bella? Is that you?"

Bella turned sharply, dashing the tears from her cheeks and pasting a smile on her lips as she faced the woman who'd just walked into the living room.

"Hello, mom," she said, and hoped she sounded normal, and she moved forward to embrace her mother.

"You're back so early. Is anything wrong, are you unwell?" the older woman asked with concern. Katy Turner was still a very beautiful woman, but a frail one ever since she'd had to fight off cancer for a whole year. Now, she still had several treatments to go before she could be in the clear. Treatments Bella had to make sure were paid for.

Bella swallowed down a sigh, and then pulled back to look into her mother's face. "I had a meeting earlier, mom. It really took a lot out of me. I decided to come home instead to rest...and think." She patted the only slightly wrinkled cheeks of her mother with tenderness. "Or maybe I'll just hang out with you. What are you up to?"

Katy Turner smiled, not really fooled by her daughter's bright face and words. But she decided not to push. "I was just about to go into the garden, dear. My green fingers have been itching all morning to put those seeds in. It's a few days early, but..."

Bella wrapped an arm around her mother's waist. "I think it's a great idea, mom. Let's grab some gloves and an apron." That, would at least, take her mind off her immediate problems. When her mother had walked in and Bella had seen her, with her graying blonde hair only just growing out after all that chemotherapy...she'd known what her answer to him was going to be. If she had only herself to worry about, then she'd have told him where to stick his filthy proposition. But there was her mother, whose expensive medical bills had to be seen to, among other things. Bella thought of facing Jason again the next day with her answer - and an involuntary shudder passed through her. Only heaven knew what lay in store...

* * *

"So you actually came."

The triumph, the scorn that laced his words was enough to make her want to turn right back around and leave. But she stayed still in the middle of his expansive, ultra-modern office. She'd been shown in just a minute ago, and her heart hadn't stopped pounding in confusion, anger, and helplessness. Bella knew what she had to do, but it was the how that worried her...

"Yes, I came," she said through gritted teeth, "but only to see if I could talk some sense into you one last time. Jason..."

"No begging, Bella," he said coldly, face set in stone now as he rose to his feet in irritation. "It didn't work yesterday; it certainly won't work now. I'm afraid absolutely nothing could possibly convince me to change my mind."

Bella felt tears of anger sting the back of her eyes, choking her throat. "Why are you doing this, Jason, when you can have any woman you want?"

"Ahh, but that's not true, is it Bella?", he declared huskily, moving forward to where she stood still as a pillar of salt. "I couldn't have you."

Bella forced herself not to flinch when he placed himself behind her, his hands falling heavily on her shoulders as he whispered in her ear, "A man never really gets over his first love, you know. That first youthful, erotic fantasy... You sweetheart, have clouded every single love affair I've ever had since we parted. Every beautiful woman I've ever f**ked...it was always your face I saw. Even those times I'm deep inside her and she's calling out my name, it's your voice I hear telling me, "I'm coming Jason, I'm coming..."

He laughed deeply when she shrunk from his lips, tossing her head angrily. And then his voice hardened. "I want you like this, helpless, needy, desperate. I want it this way because it's dirty and nasty and wicked. And it's going to feel so damn good."

He's obsessed, she thought despairingly, the breath coming fast in her chest. She whipped round to face him. "So, if I do what you say, what then?"

She cringed to hear herself say the words. Hated herself for even thinking it. But she couldn't think about herself at such a time, could she? There was her ailing mother for one thing. Could Bella throw away her mother's well being on some stupid sense of self-worth and dignity? Her business had kept the family going for so long; if she lost it, she lost everything.

Bella cursed her cheating, thieving boyfriend for the umpteenth time for his part in putting her in this situation. If she ever got her hands on him, she'd...All train of thought fled from her mind as Jason reached out a hand to trace the line of her jaw with his fingertips, before they dipped past her shoulder blade to trail down the lapels of her jacket. Her heart began to pound faster than ever as she looked up into his blazing, darkened gaze. The searing heat of lust in them almost made her feel faint with sickening anticipation. Why he had such power over her, she could never tell. There was an almost animal magnetism oozing from him that even she couldn't deny. Raw, untamed and fierce - it seemed strong enough to engulf her in its flames.

"If you do what I say," he returned calmly as his hand fell away, "Then I'll call off the debts. Postpone them till you've got ample time to work things out. How's that for a fair deal?"

Swallowing convulsively, she made herself say, "Oh, I think you can do better than that, Jason. For three nights of sex, I want the debts cancelled. All of them."

He paused, then chuckled softly as he shook his head. "Making demands now, are we? I knew you'd want more. Okay, Bella. I'll give you exactly what you want if you do the same. Consider it a deal."

A ragged breath escaped her at his flippant reply. "So, what now?"

"Just be ready for me tonight."

Her head shot up from the paper she held in her hand. "Tonight?"

"When I pick you up for our date, of course," was his casual reply. Bella gritted her teeth to keep herself from saying anything. But there was more to come. She watched as he reached behind his desk and unearthed a small shopping bag, inscribed with the name of a prestigious lingerie boutique.

"I've got a little something I thought you'd like," he murmured, and gave her the bag.

Bella looked inside to find a sinfully skimpy pair of lacy panties and a matching bra, her perfect size. She glared up at him. "You were so sure I'd give in, weren't you?"

"I knew you were a smart woman, yes," he said with a shrug, his smile thinning as he added, "I'd like you to wear that tonight, for me. You needn't bother with anything else...except maybe a coat."

"So it's straight to the point, is it?" she muttered scathingly. "What ever happened to handling things with a bit of care? No wining and dining me before f**king my brains out?"

A grin crossed his harshly handsome face, and for a second, he looked almost human.

"Well, you'll have to forgive my...exuberance. I must confess I literally can't wait to have you. But then again, we'll still have two other nights..."

She turned away in disgust from his smug expression, slamming her way out of the office to the sound of his mocking laughter.

***

The more she told herself it wasn't happening, the easier it seemed to bear it. When Jason showed up outside her home to pick her up, she didn't say a word before getting in next to him in his powerful automobile. He wasn't in a talkative mood either, thankfully. He merely sent her a mocking smile before driving them off into the night.In less than half an hour, he was stopping them in front of a very exclusive hotel. The kind that one night spent in any of its rooms was equivalent to her six months' rent.

"Flashy car, fantastic job, and now a night at an expensive hotel. Looks like you're living large, aren't you?" were the first words she spoke to him, her tone far from flattering. She sent him a cold, mocking glance. "A far cry from your scholarship days, huh?'

He shrugged off the barb with a mocking smile of his own. "Moving up in the world has its perks, certainly. For one thing, it means I can prey on helpless little women such as yourself."

Helpless little...I'll show you helpless, she vowed vengefully, stepping out of the car as Jason too, got out and handed the keys to the valet. Bella swore then and there that the first chance she got, she was going to make him pay for this...

* * *

It's not happening...it's not happening, she chanted in her head, breathing in and out deeply as Jason held open the door of the suite, his dark eyebrow raised questioningly. She entered without a word, and stood waiting as she heard him come in behind her, locking the door securely after him.

Without preamble, he grabbed her arm, twisted her round and tugged her hard against him. His lips covered hers in a trice, grinding her lips strongly against her teeth. She whimpered and fought against him, trying to shove him back. "Let me go, damn you!"

Jason drew back with a smile, hands still holding her shoulders in a punishing grip. "A bit of resistance play, I see. I think I like it. There's nothing like some show of reluctance to fire up the scene. So, shall we make up a few safe words now, or?" his eyebrows lifted mockingly.

"I can think of one," she bit out in sarcastic fury, glaring up at him. "How about "lawsuit"?"

He threw his head back and laughed. "Yep, that's sure to get my attention," he teased, and then the next moment, was pushing her coat off her shoulders. Sure enough, she was wearing the black lacy underwear he'd bought, and nothing else but her stockings and heels. The coat fell unhindered to pool around her feet. The way his eyes blazed at the sight of her in the sexy lingerie was enough to make her throat constrict.

"Good girl," he murmured, hands skimming her face, and then encircling her neck. "Now just keep playing along and who knows...you'll start to enjoy this as much as I undoubtedly will."

She was trembling so hard she was sure he would be able to tell. His hands, large, the enamel of his long fingers well manicured and square, felt so warm, almost hot on her bare skin. She hated that her body responded so treacherously to his touch. The revulsion, the distaste, she'd been so sure she would feel, wasn't there. And that scared her.

"Your beauty is as bewitching as ever," he said huskily, as his narrowed, dark grey eyes sketched piercingly over her face, then all over her trembling, almost nak*d frame. "Knowing you're mine to have for three nights is making my head spin." He slashed his head to press a hard kiss to lips, and then another, adding on a growl, "And I'm going to make every minute count..."

Bella panicked. She went into fight mode and just smacked his face, then started struggling against him, this time more viciously. He mouthed out a surprised hush, but then easily grabbed her flailing wrists.

"I know I said I like a bit of fight but Bella, this is getting ridiculous," he muttered, right before he swept her into his arms, walked over to the bed and dumped her unceremoniously on it.

Bella straightened at once but he was right on her, crushing her down with his weight. Panting, she sobbed out, "I've changed my mind! I don't - I don't want this, Jason."He had her hands pinned high above her head, and she could feel his chest hard against hers, nothing but his white dress shirt and her flimsy lingerie between them.

"Too late, baby," he growled, eyes glinting. "You can't back down now. You'll get what you want - now it's my turn."

"So what, now you're going to just take me? Without my consent?" she spat, squirming beneath his incredible weight. Damn, he was so strong...she knew she'd be helpless if he wanted to use force. But a sinking part of her heart told her that force would become highly unnecessary if she didn't get out of this mess, and soon...

He chuckled harshly at her words, snaking his hard, formidable length over her soft, shivery frame. "From the moment you walked into my office yesterday it was clear that you liked what you saw, Bella." He bent his head to capture her lips, but she turned her face away. He merely laughed again.

"I know that you want me...Over and over... And I want you too - now, in every way there is. On top of me, under me, kneeling and taking my hot hard c*ck from behind...."

Bella moaned with shame, closing her eyes against his searing words and how they thrilled through her like electricity. The images he conjured had her p**sy pulsing with a need she felt deeply guilty of even having. How could she want him, want this? He was using her, taking her against her will. The last thing she should be doing was wanting it to happen.

He was kissing her neck now, then nibbling and licking at her ear lobe in turns. She felt every piece of ice left in her melting beneath his relentless onslaught. He had had trapped, emotionally, physically, mentally. Bella felt she had nothing left to fight him with now...

* * *

Bella's body looked as beautiful as Jason had always imagined - maybe even more so. Her dark golden hair was pinned up in some kind of artfully mussed up style, which he couldn't wait to mess up all the more with his hands. And that wasn't the only part of her he wanted to get his hands on.

The first thing he'd done was unhook her bra, freeing her gorgeously rounded br**sts, a perfect fit in his large, squeezing palms. She'd groaned when he'd caressed her roughly, pinching at her n**ples with his thumb and forefinger. Then he'd taken several minutes getting his tongue and lips acquainted with every inch of her full mounds, suckling and biting on her flesh and nubs till many gasps of pleasure were ripped from her.

Next, he rolled off her stockings and now had her wrists tied up on either side of the bedpost. Her ankles he easily held apart as he slowly pulled off her panties before tossing them aside. She lay there on her back, staring daggers at him even as he could see her br**sts heaving, the n**ples hardened to pink pebbles.

"Right where I want you," he murmured and then smiled ever mockingly - but there was a huskiness to his tone that spelt out how much self control he was exerting. It was all he could do not to just rip into her like he wanted to. His c*ck throbbed like a living thing wanting to be free of the constraints of his trousers. He was still fully dressed, yet she lay nak*d before him, tied up with her own silk tights, her p**sy spread out. The sight of her beautiful body, vulnerable and up for grabs, was enough to make his blood boil with hot, animal lust.

"I guess in one way I win," she gritted out, eyes holding his unforgivingly. "At least I'll go away from this knowing that the great Jason Evans had to blackmail and practically have me helpless in his bed before he could have my p**sy."

"Hmm, and what a p**sy it is," he purred, deflecting the jibe with merely another smile. His hands took hold of her thighs, right behind her knees which he pushed back, all the way back till her feet were almost level with her head and touching the bedpost. Bella gasped out loud, feeling more exposed than she'd ever been in her life, as her p**sy and ass were displayed completely to his devouring gaze.

"It's so very wet," he said on an almost famished sigh, right before he bent his head and lay his tongue flat against her hairless slit. Bella held herself as still as she could for as long as she could - but it was pointless.

Jason was too skillful, too hungered to be ignored. He rolled and dipped and toyed with her p**sy, thumbing her cl*t while his tongue danced from that erect f**k button and then down to her swollen, dripping folds. By this time Bella was straining against her restraints, hating herself so much for loving every minute of it. He fingered-pounded her, shoving as many as three in at one point and driving them in piston-style. Moments later, Bella came, screeching out as her whole frame curved right off the bed like she'd been shot.

He watched as she shuddered her way back down to earth, his gaze so dark it was like onyx now. This time when he smiled it was not so mocking, yet no less triumphant.

"Looks like someone's having fun after all."

"You bastard," she bit out softly, her own eyes gleaming bright. "When are you going to get me out of these binds?"

"Until I can be sure you're not going to scratch my eyes out, at least," he drawled, moving back from the bed. He started to methodically rid himself of his clothes: his open-necked white dressed shirt, which fit as snugly as his dark, stylish flat-front trousers. He chucked those off, and Bella could only stare at the bulge she could see in his boxer briefs as he stuck his thumb into the bands in readiness to pull them down, as well.

He saw her wide-eyed look, and grinned wolfishly. "You could say I've been carrying more than a torch around for you these past four years," he confessed with ironic humor. "I've never wanted anyone this bad in my life...and yet, even now I'm worried that those three nights are just not going to be enough. Once I get inside you, I may never want to come out again..."

Bella bit on her lip in half dismay, half grudging admiration as finally, she got to see all of him. His broad, toned shoulders, his well defined pecs and abs...He kicked away his underwear and stood proudly in front of the bed, his c*ck pole straight with dark curls nestled jealously at the base. The balls hung hard and heavy, and she had to quell the urge to lick at her lips in helpless anticipation. Her p**sy still dripped with her juices, and even now their inner walls clenched in hunger to be filled by that magnificent, purple-headed c*ck rearing so proudly before her.

He joined her on the bed, coming to kneel by her head with his hand fisting his cock. She felt the smooth marble-like tip against her lips, and she turned her head away half angrily. Only to cry out in pain when she felt his fingers dig into her hair, tugging her face back. "Take it, Bella," he ordered softly yet with a layer of steel that made her sob soundlessly. Her mouth seemed to part of its own accord, her nostrils flaring in awareness of the deliciously hot, musky scent of him, so fresh and so arousing. How she hated herself for submitting to his hard dominance. Bella wrapped her lips around his thickly veined shaft and hated herself again, for telling herself at once that he tasted so f**king good.

He let go of her hair, and busied his hands with stroking her br**sts and between her parted thighs, even as his h*ps thrust into her face. Even with her own hands tied out of the way, Bella managed to make good use of her lips and tongue, giving his erect dick endless lollipop licks around the swollen cap and along the timber-like shaft. She heard him moan again and again, but wasn't sure if the sounds were coming from his throat or hers, because soon she was sucking hard on him, taking more and more of his inches and never easing up from the pleasure of it. Once or twice he shoved in and almost hit the back of her throat, making her gag on his powerful meat. And Bella loved it. Heaven help her, she loved it all...

* * *

When he took her, he took her slow. Jason kept telling himself he had all night, and wasn't going to just erupt within a minute of sliding his c*ck into her slick, clutching, velvety p**sy. But damn, it was hard not to just let go. He'd had to wrench himself out of her mouth before he came in her throat. Only to discover that her p**sy was just as punishingly sweet.

He could feel her whole body still fighting him, rejecting him - but there was one part of her that welcomed him in, suctioning on relentlessly.

Jason settled himself between her thighs and bent to take her lips in a kiss. She clamped against him for a moment, but then, like a moist, warm flower, her lips parted to take his tongue. It was at that moment he surged into her and filled her p**sy to the hilt in one deep, hard stroke.

Bella gasped out loud against his mouth, her h*ps bucking involuntarily against his. Her body seemed to quiver in response to his powerful penetration, which he in no way let off. Instead of easing up, he drove into her more strongly, entrenching himself as far into her tight, sweet walls as he dared. Soon, he could feel her moving against him of her own accord, could feel her h*ps undulating in tune with his. Only then, did he reach up and untie her hands, clasping them for a moment in his as he deepened the kiss, eating into her mouth like he was starved. Finally, he released her, bracing his arms against the mattress as he picked up momentum. Looked like he wasn't going to last much longer, Jason realized. He would have to save the impressive performance for later. This time, he needed just one hard, fast f**k to take off that hungry edge that had gnawed at him since earlier that day when she'd said "yes". Jason hoped to make her say "yes' again and again before the three days was up...

He felt her fingers grip and dig into his waist, before sliding down to cup his ass cheeks and squeezed. He ground into her, banging her p**sy with countless balls-deep thrusts till her nails were digging into the firmness of his ass. He could feel her vag**al muscles constrict spasmodically, and knew she was coming even before she started to rock hard against him, a wail of pleasure sprouting from her lips. He was glad to bring her to a cli**x for a second time, which meant he could now take his own. Soon enough, he let himself go, breaking from her lips and arching his back as he pumped deep into her cunt everything he had in him.

He came and came till he thought he'd never stop. But the second he was done, he realized with a wild jolt that he wanted her again. Damn, it was going to be a long, hot night...

* * *

Every time it happened, she hated herself. Felt shamed and degraded, not just by his almost insatiable lust for her, but for her answering desire for him. Yes, her body soon came to want his pounding, massive c*ck tearing into her. Her mind and heart rebelled against it, but her body wanted, needed to be taken once more by him. And she always swore it was for the last time. That she'd stand up to him.

But she didn't.

The second night he invited her over to his place, a well-designed house on the hills. There was a chef to serve them dinner in his art deco dining room. The food, the wine, even the light, civil chitchat they shared while they ate - it meant nothing. All she could think of was him touching her again, his fingers raking over her body. All she wanted was his cock, hard and punishing, f**king her till she came in torturous waves. Their eyes met many times during the meal, and she could tell from his dark, glinting gaze that he felt exactly the same.

They left the dining room at last. He led her deeper into his house, through the door of the master bedroom. She barely had time to glimpse the massive California king size before he tugged her into his arms and kissed her. Soon she was to discover that they may end up not using the bed after all.

Right there, with his back against the wall, he shoved his hands up her dress, pushing it out of the way as he hooked his fingers in her panties and ripped them off. Quickly, his lips still locked with hers, he unbuckled his trousers and freed his raging cock, which sprang into the air, sturdy and mast-like.

She gasped against his lips, wrapping her legs instinctively around his h*ps as he hoisted her up, hands cupping her ass. Bella's fingers were fisting into his thick wavy hair as she kissed him back hungrily. She felt him balance her atop his dick, and held her breath. She knew she was just seconds away from being impaled on his throbbing meat, but it didn't scare her. She figured it might hurt a bit, but she also knew that she was already sopping wet. More than ready for their first hot bang of the night.

She hadn't miscalculated. Seconds later, he all but drilled himself right up into her waiting p**sy. First with shallow, sampling thrusts, feeling his way in with his cap and not much more. Bella moaned against his lips hungrily. She wanted more. She wanted it all. And he obliged soon enough as he ground into her without warning, ripping his way right up to the mouth of her cervix. Now he had his impressive length buried inside to the hilt, and Bella couldn't help it, she began to bounce up and down on him. She had to grip his hair tightly for balance as she fed her p**sy with his blistering baton, hearing him groan out her name. She smiled against his lips, loving the way his fingertips dug into the softness of her ass as she pumped herself wantonly on his c*ck in perfect synchronization with his own upward thrusts.

Bella couldn't remember coming so fast or so hard. It was tsunami-like in its intensity and unexpectedness. She definitely hadn't seen it coming. One moment they were f**king each other like savages, and the next, he lodged his c*ck right inside that spot that rang all her bells. She hadn't even known she had that spot - but damn him, he hit it good. Her p**sy flooded on his c*ck like a tide, and Bella's head fell back as that strange, animalistic sound only he could make her utter burst from her lips. He held her tightly in place, building his own tempo till he too, pulsed and roared his release deep inside her like a storm.

Slumping against him, Bella told herself they were spent - for the moment. Knowing him, he'd pick right up from where they left off in a few minutes. And already, her greedy p**sy was twitching with the delicious prospect...

* * *

It was the third night.

Strange how they f**ked far more than they talked. No, words were never needed between them. She showed up when and when he wanted, and then they went at it like wildcats. When it was over, she never lingered; couldn't bear to see him gloat that he'd shown her, one more time, how he could turn her into jelly in his hands. Bella kept telling herself it was a matter of time and she'll have him where she wanted him. And then he would be made to pay back in full for all he'd made her endure....

This time, he'd asked her to meet him at his office. "I'll send the staff away a bit early," he said on the phone when he called her close to mid-day. Bella was in her own office, trying not to squirm in her chair as his voice rolled over her like crushed gravel. Hearing his voice brought to mind every moment of lustful abandon she'd had to share with him. Was she a fool to be looking forward to more? Silly woman, she chided herself - you should be wishing it were over and done with...

"Your office?" she repeated, not really sure she heard right.

"Correct," he drawled, voice growing husky with every word. "I guess it's just one more fantasy I'd like to bring to life. That's if you don't mind." Now, he had that mocking tone she so hated. "It's the last time, after all. Would be a shame to not try out that horrendously expensive desk of mine. Was wondering when I'd finally get the chance to put it to proper use."

Bella gritted her teeth against the angry retort that hovered on her tongue. Damn him to hell! Nothing mattered to him but having her at his mercy, taking and taking her till she began to wonder if he wasn't getting too much of a bargain out of all this. It had been two nights already, and yet he'd had her more times than she could count. But then a voice counseled her into confessing at least to herself that he hadn't been doing all the taking.

She made herself say calmly at last in reply to his last statement, "You know, maybe it is fitting after all, using your office. I mean, that's where it started - so I guess it will be only right that that's where it should end."

"And I promise you - you'll enjoy it," he said softly, and hung up before she could say anything more.

Bella's lips tilted in a humorless smile as she replaced the receiver. That's what you think Jason, she mused vengefully...

* * *

"Say it, Bella. For once, I want to hear you say it."

Bella shut her eyes against Jason's harshly spoken words in her ear. What more could he want, she cried out inwardly. Here she was, in his office like he'd said. And now, he had her bent over his desk, her skirt in folds up around her waist, Her bare bottom, stinging from the last several hard spanks from his palm, was pressed against his equally nak*d groin. She could feel his cock, hot and ready, pulsing between her parted thighs. He had his left hand cupping her breast beneath her shirt, while his other hand soothed her throbbing ass cheeks. The pain from his recent smacks still lingered deliciously, and she could hardly wait for him to claim her as powerfully and surely as he always did.

"Tell me!" he growled, his right hand leaving her ass to grasp a handful of her long blonde hair, which he tugged back, making her roots twinge. Bella cried out. "Tell me how much you want this cock," he added commandingly.

Bella only shook her head, biting her lip against the pain in her scalp. It felt so good though, even as it ached like a thousand pin-pricks.

"No..." she managed, arching her back as he pulled even harder on her hair, drawing her back till his lips could trail over her delicate earlobe.

"Your p**sy is wetter than it's ever been," he informed her huskily, and she could feel his free hand tapping that spot down between her ass cheeks where her p**sy did all the talking her mouth wouldn't do.

"Now tell me these past forty-eight hours haven't been the best ever. Tell me my c*ck doesn't make you feel better than you have in years - maybe ever."

"Just do it, Jason," she gritted out, the feel of his fingers stroking along her slick lips almost more than she could bear. She didn't want teasing, not now. She wanted that wicked shaft slamming into her doggy-style, and she wanted it now.

"Not on your life, Bella," he said, his tongue sliding wetly around her dainty ear, making her shiver in arousal. "My cock's hard and hungry, but this once I'll be willing to deprive myself if you refuse to let go of that damnable feminine pride of yours. You want my c*ck in you or what?"

"Yes, I want it in me!" she cried out at last, half in anger and frustration. Bastard! She fumed: he'd blackmailed her, and now he wanted to make her beg? Damn him, but she'll do it if she had to... "Please, Jason; give me your cock," she added softly, yet clearly.

"With pleasure," he replied on a growl, satisfaction tingeing his voice. And then he let go of her hair as he finally took hold of her h*ps in readiness to enter her waiting cunt.

His hunger for her hadn't lessened in the passing days, and hers had only increased. Now, with him taking her from behind with such strong, almost celebratory thrusts; it felt like he was setting her p**sy ablaze with that cock. Time after time he slammed into her ass, filling the office with those squelching, slapping sounds that always spelled out hot, rough sex so well.

Oh. Oh. Oh.

She felt each thick-rimmed jab right against that exquisite spot again. But this time she had more control. Well, barely. Instead of gushing all over his dick, she held on, dragging on each thrust of his shaft till her p**sy, her whole body, screamed for release. She felt him reach round from beneath to twirl his thumb over her clit, making it harder for her to keep her moans at bay. He was bringing her closer to the edge, and she only hoped she was ready. She hoped to goodness they both were...

It ended up being a long, hard ride and she loved every second of it. He stoked her up good, enflaming her into the most explosive cli**x she'd ever experienced. He was pumping against her ass and she was pushing right back on his c*ck as she came with a scream. It was over - she was done.

Time and space took a while to jumble back into rightness again. They both seemed to find it harder to ease back into their calm, collected personas. The words lay unspoken between them as they straightened their clothes. Bella tried to bring some order back to her hair, her attire, and her emotions. At last, she faced him, and saw that he didn't look so hard and impenetrable as usual.

"Well, Jason," she said, bracingly. "Satisfied."

His lips tilted. "Hardly. I don't think a man could ever get enough of you, Bella. I'm sure I can't. Your ex must have been a fool."

She shrugged carelessly. "Doesn't matter right now. All I care about is focusing on my business and returning it to being profitable. But only if I'm sure I've finally got you off my back, for good."

He lifted his hands as if in surrender. "Hey, a deal's a deal. I've got my three nights. Unless, of course...you decide that it's not over and you still want more." There was a devilish grin on his handsomely tanned face.

Bella tipped her head, not replying for a moment. And then she reached for her bag, retrieving her phone. "You know what, maybe you're right. It certainly isn't over. And maybe I do want more. But not in the way you think."

He looked quizzical for a moment. And then she pressed a button on her phone. Suddenly, his voice, and hers filled the room in the mechanical, recorded tone.

As his words played out in the otherwise silent office, Jason's expression changed from surprised to furious. She merely smiled, looking not in the least perturbed as the conversation they'd had the following day, when she'd returned to give him her answer, droned out from the phone.

"If you do what I say, then I'll call off the debts. Postpone them till you've got ample time to work things out. How's that for a fair deal?"

"Oh, I think you can do better than that, Jason. For three nights of sex, I want the debts cancelled. All of them."

"Making demands now, are we? I knew you'd want more. Okay, Bella. I'll give you exactly what you want if you do the same. Consider it a deal."

Bella pressed the "stop" button, folding her arms as she met his dark gaze squarely. "I've got the whole conversation on tape, Jason. How you coerced me into agreeing to give you three nights of sex in exchange for help with my debts. How do you think that's going to look to your colleagues...your board of directors?"

He chuckled. "You recorded it on your phone?" he huffed. So what are you going to do now, Bella? Because if you've had that all this while, why didn't you confront me sooner? Why go along with everything? Why give yourself to me?"

She shrugged nonchalantly, hiding her inner turmoil. Well, she had meant to face him with the leverage she'd managed to gain when she'd come in to see him that second day with her phone on record. She'd thought up the trap the night before, lying sleepless and wondering how she could outsmart him. She knew then and there that she could have taunted him with the truth. But no, she'd decided to play along, wanting to see where it would lead, and to disgrace him at the most opportune time. Especially when he'd handed her that black sexy lingerie and ordered her to wear it and almost nothing else for their meeting later that night. The curious, sex-starved woman in her had indeed wanted to see what lay in store.

And it was true that at one point, on that first night, she'd been afraid, and had wanted out. But his masterful lovemaking had made her finally succumb. And then she couldn't get enough.

At last, she answered him with cool disinterest, "It suited me to play along, Jason. Now, however, you're in my power. I could bury you with this, make sure your name is dragged through the mud for using your position to prey on "helpless women like me. Isn't that what you said?"

Bella saw him fuming, his ire growing as his words were thrown back at him. But she was through being intimidated.

"You're lose your job, your prestige - and everything that comes with it," she told him decisively. "And nothing would please me more than seeing you brought down to the gutter where you belong."

He chuckled, but she wondered if the sound wasn't a bit too hollow in her ears. "Bella, you amuse me, you know that? A good lawyer will make it all disappear. In fact, you may just end up charged with entrapment. None of this is ever going to stick."

"But it'll be worth a try, don't you think?" she mused, striding up to him with slow, steady steps. Her smile was somewhat catty. "There's bound to be some fallback from this. Not to mention the damage it will do to the reputation of your company, and when people hear about it, it doesn't really matter if it ever makes it to court. People never forget..."

"So what do you want, Bella?" he asked with a gruff voice, his brows drawn together in a long, black line.

"Revenge? Now it's your turn, right?"

"Yes," she said simply, the a naughty grin spreading over her face as she stood in front of him, hands on her hips. "And you can only imagine what I have in mind. Starting with you, tonight, in my bed..."

