"It can't be mine, Melody."

Logan's face reflected the shock Melody felt, like a sucker punch to the gut. She was numb, barely able to think. The only thing that kept replaying in her mind was the lilting Scottish voice on the phone, the voice of Logan's ex-fiance, Claire, telling him she had his baby.

"There can't be a baby. Or, it canna be mine."

They were sitting on the couch at the hotel, the phone still lying between them. Logan had ended the call abruptly; the call they'd both been dreading but knew had to be made. The call that had the potential to change everything, ruin everything. Or so Melody thought at the moment. I can't deal with this now.

"Melody. Say something, anything." Logan face was a maelstrom of conflicting emotions, his eyes desperately searching hers.

"I'm not sure yet what to think. You said that she...she'd told you...she said she didn't want children." Melody's voice trailed off into a whisper.

"Aye, she did. And if she's got a baby, she's gotten it with someone else."

"How can you be so sure? She could have been pregnant when you left her."

Tears stung her eyes and even as she tried to hold them back, they spilled down her cheeks.

"Melody. I knew the girl. I was going to marry her. I'd think I'd have known..."

Melody's harsh bark of a laugh startled them both. Logan tossed the phone on the table, sliding across the cushions to Melody. She tried weakly to push him away, but he pulled her against his chest.

"I know this isn't what you wanted to hear, but there it is. We know now what she's after."

"Do we? All we know is there's a child and she wanted you to know. And that she says it's yours." Melody's voice broke, tears overwhelming her, her words coming out between the tears.

"We don't know anything else. Does she want you to support it, or her? Or be part of its life? Or hers?"

He didn't answer her and that worried her more than what Claire had said. It was a long time before Melody relaxed into Logan's arms, letting the tears flow unchecked. It was even longer before she sat up, wiping her nose on the back of her hand.

"I'm sorry, Logan. This isn't what I was expecting, by any means. I guess it took me completely off guard. Her wanting to meet you even more so."

Logan sat forward, running one hand through his hair. "Aye, it is a shock. I never would have thought this. I expected her to beg me to return, or something like that, but not this."

"So, she said she's in New York now. She must have followed you from Inverness. Where do you think you'll meet with her?" Melody struggled to remain calm.

Logan shrugged. "I don't know yet. Not here, not at the hotel. I don't want to see her here." He glanced at Melody. "You're frowning. What is it?"

"I think she wants something. Something she didn't want before this. What made her surface now...suddenly?" Melody hesitated. "I want you to think about meeting her at my office."

Logan regarded her for a moment. "You want to meet her?" His voice was reserved, his face closed.

"No, not particularly. But she may want something from the lawsuit. That's been splashed all over the tabloids. There may be a connection in her mind, something she feels she's owed...or she can get, now that she knows you're vulnerable. As your attorney, at least I can look out for your best interests."

Logan stood, long legs taking him across the room, pacing back to the table. His hands were back in his hair and by now it was a disordered tangle falling around his face. She'd never seen him this distraught, even after breaking up his band, even after seeing her in the arms of Ryan Marshall.

But she felt powerless to comfort him. Her heart was torn and she didn't know how to feel, how to reach out to him, and to protect herself. All she could do at the moment was think like his lawyer, cold and analytical. As if that's any easier.

He was standing by the window, looking out over the dark skyline of New York. She could read tension in every part of his body, in the tilt of his head, the set of his shoulders. And she knew what she had to say, what she was compelled to ask, was only going to make things worse. She tried to keep her voice neutral, tried to ask as his attorney, not as his lover. But she failed miserably and her voice broke.

"Logan, if this is your child, this is what you've wanted, isn't it? You said you wanted children. You'd want to know, you'd want to see it...see her."

Logan turned, and in the doubt in his face, she saw her answer. Any resolve she'd built to remain detached crashed down and the tears started again and this time, she couldn't face Logan. She fled down the hall, closing the bedroom door behind her.

* * *

She woke when Logan opened the door and came into the bedroom. He moved about quietly for a few minutes, undressing, putting something in a dresser drawer, and then she felt the bed move as he climbed in. Wordlessly she turned to him, and his arms went around her shoulders. She pressed her face against his neck, her words muffled against his body.

"I'm sorry, Logan... I'm so sorry..." Before she could continue, he tilted her face to his, ending her words with a gentle kiss, but a kiss so full of love, the love she knew he had for her.

He stroked her face gently as he spoke. "I know. It's alright. You ran away, like I did. But ye didn't run that far, so I let you be. And I thought you needed some time by yourself."

Melody curled against him, the warmth of his body, his scent, all comforting and familiar.

"It was silly... an emotional reaction."

"Aye, but if ye didn't have emotions, ye wouldn't be nearly as loveable as you are."

Even though his words were light, his tone was serious. "We need tae face this together, Melody. We've made that promise to each other, to be here for each other, always. Nothing that happens will drive me away, ye ken, don't ye? I love ye, Melody. That will never change, ye ken?"

His voice had grown husky, his accent broadening, as it did when he was upset. She touched his face, and felt the warmth of a tear beneath her fingers. He caught her hand, kissing her fingertips before holding it against his chest.

"I love you too, Logan. And I know what we said."

"Do ye still believe it?"

"With all my heart, Logan. With all my heart."

* * *

Logan was already out of bed when Melody awoke. She glanced at the clock, groaning. It was early and she could still have hours of sleep. But she slipped on her robe, padding down the hall to the hotel suite's living room. Logan was sitting at the table by the window, dressed in just sweatpants, an untouched cup coffee and his notebook in front of him staring out at the sooty gray sky. She wrapped her arms around him from behind and closed her eyes, resting her head beside his. He reached up, his hand soft against her cheek. They stayed like this for a long moment before Melody spoke.

"Are you okay?"

"I couldna sleep. Too many thoughts in my head. I left you there though, in bed. You looked so peaceful I didn't have the heart to wake you."

She poured herself a cup of coffee, taking a seat in the chair across from him. "Have you made any decision about what you want to do about Claire? I still think meeting her at my office would be best."

"Aye. I know. I'm not pleased with the thought of the two of you in the same room together, for the pain it will cause you."

Melody sipped her coffee. "Right now, I just want this to be over with. Getting her to tell you exactly what she wants, making it clear what responsibilities...if any...you have, I think that's what we should focus on."

Logan's quick smile was there, but it didn't quite reaching his eyes. "You've gone into lawyer mode, haven't you? That's how you deal with things, make them clear and rational."

"I have to, in this case. There's no other way for me to think about this now that's not going to drive me crazy. I let Ryan and his harassment get to me, let it eat at me. I'm not going to let this situation do the same."

She reached across the table, taking Logan's hand. "We are in this together, like you said last night. But we both can't be emotional wrecks. Let's just look at the next thing to do with Claire and see where that takes us. Will you call her today?"

"I will. And you...what are you going to do about the next thing in front of you? About Victoria, I mean. If you think she was somehow spying for Ryan, do you think she's still giving him information?"

Melody sat back. "I don't know if she is, or if that still matters, if she was. I don't trust her and I'd honestly like to fire her, but ironically she's really good at her job. And I really can't prove she spied for Ryan. I just have my hunches. I'd rather work with just Lori, but this interim partner thing, plus my case load and with Ryan gone... it's too much for just one paralegal to handle."

She idly played with the spoon on her saucer, her brow furrowing in thought, the conversations she'd had with Victoria running through her mind.

"We need to be careful though, if Claire does come to the office, or even if you do. Victoria can't know the real reason she's there. I can tell her it's for your lawsuit, because I know she'll ask. It was twenty questions the other day about why you and I came to the office at the same time. If she gets wind of the real reason Claire is there, and if she is somehow connected with Ryan, it has the potential to go very badly. For all of us. I want to avoid that at all costs."

Logan's laugh made her look up. "You're not really cut out for the cloak and dagger routine, are you? You're not a John Grisham lawyer, facing men with guns in the alley?"

"No, not at all," she said, shaking her head. "Thinking I saw someone here and then outside the hotel was bad enough. It could have just been a hotel guest, for all I know, and now I'm not even sure what I really saw."

Melody replayed the images of the man stepping from the shadows, a hat over his eyes as he watched her cab pull away from the hotel.

At the time, she thought it had looked like Ryan Marshall. Ryan was obsessed with her, but she wasn't sure he'd go so far as to stalk her outside Logan's hotel. Nonetheless, the whole incident had unnerved her.

"I think it was one of Ashton's photographers, if anyone. Don't you? I mean, he sent all those photographs he had taken to Ryan, those pictures of you with different women. He might have known where you were staying now."

Logan shook his head, rising from the table. "I don't know to be sure. Ashton's a crafty bastard and so is Ryan, for that matter. Just be careful. There was one picture with you in it, so Ashton knows who you are."

Melody's frown deepened as she sorted through the chaotic thoughts running through her mind. "I'm not so sure about that anymore. Listen, that photograph was taken over a month before I took your case. I wasn't your attorney then. There wasn't even a case at that point. I'm not famous, not a model or an actress, not in the same league. If Ashton took that photo, what could he have done with it? No one would have cared who was in the photo. Except Ryan."

"You think Ryan had the photo taken? That he was following you, not one of Ashton's photographers following me?"

"I think so. He used it to harass me, playing the hunch that we were really having an affair. But I think he took it for other reasons, some perverted personal reason of his own. It just came in handy later."

"So his hunch proved the photo, not the other way around?"

"Yeah, something like that. I think I want to look at those photos again. Maybe there's something different about that one. Maybe I missed something. Or maybe Lori knows something. She would have signed for the package from the courier."

Logan shook his head. The worry lines were back on his face, furrowing his forehead, etched around his mouth. She rose, walking across the room to him. He wrapped his arms around her, his hands sliding over the smooth silk of her robe. His lips found hers, his kiss gentle at first, but growing more intense the longer it lasted. After a time he broke away with a deep sigh, looking at her with a far-away expression on his face.

"It's a good thing you don't have a cat."

"A cat?" A small burst of giggles escaped her. "Why on earth would you say that?"

"You've moved in here, brought your favorite robe. I noticed it the other day, when you came back from your apartment. It's a vast improvement over the hotel robes."

He was slowly undoing the sash of her robe, his fingers gently tugging at the knot. "You'd be needing to leave to tend to it. I have nothing against them, I like cats well enough. Never could have one though, being on the road so much."

She caught the glimpse of a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. "You're living on the road then, here with me, in a way. And we do quite well at it. You've brought your favorite robe. I noticed it the other day, when you came back from your apartment."

He'd undone the sash now and her robe parted slightly. Logan's eyes were heavy-lidded as they traveled over the exposed curve of her br**sts peeking from the silk.

"How do you know it's my favorite?" Her voice was a bit breathless, waiting for him to touch her, aching for his touch. They'd fallen asleep in each other's arms the night before, but they hadn't made love and beyond the simple physical release of sex, Melody was craving Logan, needing to lose herself in him. Something unsettled still remained between them and she wondered if Logan felt it as well.

"It's a bit worn, here..." His fingers ran along the front edge of the robe. "...and here." He held up the end of the sash. There was a tiny frayed end.

"You should be a detective."

"I just notice things. And with you..." His hands slid beneath the silk, holding her lightly at her waist, sliding his thumbs up the full curve of her br**sts.

"I notice everything."

Melody's breath caught in her throat, her body reacting to his touch. Her hands rested on his chest, and she tilted her face to his as his hands rose up over her br**sts and down her arms. The robe slipped from her shoulders, and her arms found their place around Logan's neck.

"Logan...I missed this...missed us, last night."

His hands were roaming over her back, reaching down to cup her gently, pressing himself against her stomach. The thin material of his sweat pants did little to disguise his arousal.

"I know. I miss us too. It was...I wasn't sure if that's what you wanted, if you wanted me." He lifted a brow. "But I'm thinking it is the thing you want now. Am I right?"

"Yes, more than you know." She pulled him to her, her lips finding his. The kiss was long and sweet, and she felt Logan's need for her, much as his desire.

Melody tugged at the elastic of the sweat pants, finally pulling them down Logan's hips. It didn't matter to her where they were at the moment, whether it was in the living room of the suite or not. She wanted him now and she broke away from him with a gasp.

"Logan...now. Please." Her voice was tinged with wanting, with her nak*d need for Logan at that very moment.

Logan's gaze, his eye locked with hers, reflected everything she felt, the need, the desire to find each other again, to make things right between them. He nodded his head before lowering her gently to the floor.

His lips were already on hers before they settled on the carpet, and there was an urgency to his movements, his knees pushing her legs apart, his hands beneath her, lifting her to him.

As he took her, she gasped, meeting him fully with her body, letting the weight of him hold her down, pin her to the earth.

It was brief but all consuming. Melody raked her nails across Logan's back, crying out, tears of joy mingled with longing springing to her eyes. Logan buried his face in the familiar nook of her shoulder, his cries mixing with Melody's, blending together in a passion-filled duet.

As brief as it was, it was exactly what Melody needed. The deep unsettled feeling was gone, replaced with a calm sense that even if everything was spinning out of control around her, none of that could touch them, touch this place where they came together as one.

Logan slowly raised himself above her and Melody held his face in her hands. She could feel the flush still staining her cheeks, feel her heart beating against Logan's chest. "I'll always want you, Logan, no matter what. This...this makes me whole, keeps me sane."

He was still breathing hard, his words coming between gasps for air. "Aye. I'll remember that for the future."

* * *

Melody left for work, Logan promising to call Claire to try to set up some kind of meeting. Melody's mind was spinning, trying to think of all the things the girl could want, trying to think of how she should advise Logan as his attorney. Anything but how she felt about Claire, and Claire's assertion that the child was Logan's. That thought was too painful to touch.

But that was the last moment she had time to think about Claire, or even Logan. Her office was a mad house from the minute she sat down until well past lunch. It wasn't until Lori brought her a sandwich and soup that she realized she hadn't heard from Logan.

As much as she knew she shouldn't call him from work, she snatched up the phone as soon as Lori had closed the door behind her. The phone rang far too long as Melody tapped her spoon against her desk. Finally Logan picked up.

"Logan? Everything okay? I hadn't heard from you..."

"Aye. I know. All hell has come undone."

"With Claire?"

"No. Well, somewhat with Claire. But she's the least of it. It's Ashton."

Melody sat forward. "Ashton? What has he done?"

"You haven't heard then? I thought you'd have gotten notice, something official. He's fired his attorney and apparently hired a new one. I don't know how that affects the case though. I know it's bothering everyone else."

"A new attorney? No, I don't think I've gotten notice. But it's a madhouse here. I haven't gotten through the mail yet from yesterday. It really doesn't make that much difference, sometimes just slows things down, if the new attorney needs to get up to speed. They'd ask for something called a continuance. How did you hear about this?"

"Angus called, said Ashton was mucking about, asking questions of him and the other band mates, talking rubbish about me. Stirring things up, like he does. And then said his new attorney was going to kick our asses, or something like that. Either Angus didn't remember a name, or Ashton never said."

Melody cradled the phone against her shoulder and shuffled through the unopened stack of mail Victoria had left on her desk.

"Oh...here. From Ashton's lawyer's firm." Melody tore open the envelope, pulling out several sheets of paper. As she read her stomach dropped.

"You have to be kidding me."

"Melody? What? Is it not so good?"

"Ashton fired his attorney and hired Ryan Marshall."

* * *

Melody spent the rest of the afternoon in a daze. Ryan Marshall, the man who harassed her, threatened her career, who knew she was having an affair with her client. This was the man who now represented Logan MacKenzie in his suit against Jack Ashton. How the hell was she supposed to deal with this? It would be all over, as soon as Ryan stepped into court. He would ask for the case to be dismissed, all because she'd fallen in love with Logan, couldn't resist him. Slept with him. Because she had chosen love over her career.

And he would ruin her, if he had the chance. Melody had even provided the ammunition. She hadn't given up seeing Logan. They'd been careful, but not careful enough.

Melody sighed, finding Logan's file and clipping the papers inside. Think about it tomorrow, Scarlett. It's not going away, it'll still be here.

Victoria had been in and out of Melody's office during the afternoon, uncharacteristically quiet, but Melody barely acknowledged her. There was something at the back of her mind, something to do with Ryan, and Logan's case. But the thoughts were nebulous, just out of reach.

Logan was waiting for her at the security door when she got home from work. She'd almost forgotten about Claire in the aftermath of hearing about Ryan, and in the mountain of work she was dealing with.

"You said Claire wants to meet in a public place?"

Logan had poured Melody a glass of wine and they'd settled on the couch.

"Did she say why?"

"She said she wanted no surprises, nothing that would put her at a disadvantage. Whatever that means. She sounded scared, Melody. And Claire's not afraid of much that I know of."

"Can you convince her this is the only way?"

"I said it was the way I wanted it, that I didn't want any surprises either. I told her I'd call her tonight, let her have a chance to think about it. But I wanted you here, when I called. For moral support."

Logan smiled at her, and she saw the worry and anxiety she felt reflected in his face. It broke her heart and she set her wine glass on the coffee table.

"Come here." She held out her arms and he slid across the couch, letting her hold him, his head resting on her shoulder.

"This is hard, I know. And I know you'd rather not face her. But we can't let her be a ticking time bomb. Your name and face are already all over the tabloids and that's not going to help your career. Especially now that they've picked up that the band has split up. All that negative publicity will eat away at your fans."

Logan sat up, holding Melody's hand, idly playing with her fingers. "Aye. I read some of that rubbish online today. The European pages have it all over, with quotes from the other mates. I suspect it was what Ashton was up to the other day, when Angus said he was asking questions. Picking away at Duff, and Colin, who likes to rant if given the chance."

"It's part and parcel of being famous, but it's a terrible part."

"You'll get no argument from me there."

They sat in silence for a while. Finally Logan sighed, pulling his cell phone out of his pocket. "I supposed I better call and get it over with."

He dialed Claire's number and set the phone on the coffee table. Melody bit her nails as the call went through.

When Claire answered, Melody closed her eyes. Logan took her hand and she squeezed his in return.

"Claire, have ye thought about what I said? About meeting at my lawyer's office? If you're wanting to meet, it's the only way I'll agree."

There was a moment of hesitation, silence on the other end of the call, and then Claire's lilting voice was there in the room. Melody winced. Hearing the Scottish accent, hearing it in a woman's voice, the woman that Logan had wanted to marry, was almost unbearable. It drove home that Logan shared something with this woman that Melody had no part of.

"Aye. If it's the only way, then we'll do it. I'm not happy, Logan, with doing it this way, but if ye insist, I'll agree."

Melody opened her eyes.

"I insist. I'll give you the address then and we'll fix to meet tomorrow. At..." He glanced at Melody and she held up two fingers.

"At two o'clock."

Logan finished the call and sat back. He passed a hand over his face, suddenly looking very tired. He was quiet for a few minutes, before turning to Melody.

"Ye remember what ye said, that what we have between us makes you whole?"

Melody nodded. Logan's voice was rough with emotion.

"Well, I'd like it very much if you'd come to bed with me now." He reached for her hand, pulling her up from the couch with him.

"I'm missing a few pieces of myself and I need you to help me...I need you, Melody..." His voice broke, his eyes full of pain.

"Shhh..." She held her finger to his lips before leading him down the hall to the bedroom.

In the soft dark of the room, Melody carefully undressing Logan, making quick work of the buttons on his shirt, the zipper on his jeans, as anxious as he was to feel the warmth of his skin beneath her hands, beneath her body.

In the dark her fingers traced the now-familiar lines of his arms and chest, trailing lower over his stomach, and then lower still, a tingle racing down her spine at the sound of his soft groan, as she found him ready for her.

She pushed him gently back on the bed and she knew he was watching as she removed her clothes, backlit by the light from the hall.

"Come here..." He held out his hand and she climbed on the bed, her body resting on his, his warmth against her skin. She cradled his face in her hands, brushing a thumb briefly across his lips. He took her hand, kissing her fingers gently.

"As long as you're here, with me, Melody, it all goes away, all of it. It's just you and me."

"It's the same for me, Logan, always. You're what grounds me. Even if nothing else makes sense, it doesn't matter. This makes sense..." She placed her hand over his heart. "And it makes me happy."

Logan rolled over, taking Melody with him. She slowly ran her hands over his back, down his spine, feeling the muscular contours of his body beneath her fingers, the tension in his shoulders.

His lips found hers and she opened her mouth to him, the slowness, the gentleness of the kiss belying the hunger and need she knew was behind it, that was evident in every other part of his body.

She let him lead, let him take from her what he needed, as he needed it. The gentleness of his kiss was quickly replaced with urgency, his body pressing her into the bed, his hands on her back and beneath her head holding her tight against him.

For a long moment, at the end, she held him, arms and legs wrapped around his body, letting him spend himself inside her. As the trembling in his body slowed, as the tension finally left him, he relaxed against her, still holding her in a loose embrace.

Melody brushed a strand of hair from his forehead before softly kissing the place where it had been.

"I dinna crush ye, did I?" His words were muffled against her chest.

"No, I'm fine. I'm tougher than I look."

She felt the warmth of his breath as he laughed softly. "I've no doubt you're tough." He caressed her breast, fingers drawing slow circles on her skin.

"But I'm more inclined to like the softer parts." He lifted his head, looking at her. "And ye have many soft parts that I'm quite fond of."

Melody could feel herself blushing in the dark. "You have a way with words, Logan. Just don't put that into a song, okay?"

Logan rested his head on her shoulder, apparently reluctant to release his hold on Melody. "Aye. I promise." He drew a deep breath, letting it out slowly. He was quiet for several minutes and his voice was dreamy when he spoke.

"This...being with you...is like playing out with the band, on a night when everything works, when everyone is playing from the heart. And the crowd is with us, hearing us, being a part of it. There's a magic thing that happens...there's no other way to say it."

His fingers had stopped moving on her body and he placed his palm between her br**sts.

"The magic is here, in you." His hand moved up to cup her cheek and she turned her face to his.

"I love you, Melody. More than I ever thought I could love a woman."

"Does that scare you? How much...how fast this all happened?"

He shook his head, his thumb tracing over her cheek. "Never. Not for a second. It was right from the minute I saw you." His lips brushed lazily against hers, the urgency gone, his touch sensual and teasing.

"It was different for you, Melody. Took you longer..." His lips moved across her cheek, down along her neck. She shivered at his touch, a soft moan escaping her lips. He lifted his head, his eyes gleaming in the half-dark.

"But I'm in the same place you are now, Logan." She placed her hand on his chest. "The same magic is there, for me, inside you."

"It took you longer to succumb to my charms, did it? I must have been off my game at the start. Ye should have fallen for me right away."

Melody smiled. The teasing quality was back in his voice, and even without lights, she knew it would be in his eyes as well.

She'd missed that tone, the gentle teasing, the way he could laugh at himself. The stress of the lawsuit, her issues with Ryan, and now Claire, with the announcement she had Logan's child, had taken that away from Logan's voice.

They'd both grown so serious, the weight of all these issues dragging them down, wearing at them. Melody wondered what it would be like, just the two of them, away from all of this, with nothing tearing at them, worrying them.

"Logan, what's Scotland like? The Highlands, I mean, where you said you'd take me."

Logan lifted his head from her neck. "It's like nothing else on earth. Wild and beautiful, rough places and lochs...lakes."

"And a sea monster."

"Aye. A sea monster...a loch monster, really. Loch Ness is a lake, ye ken...but you can call Nessie a sea monster. I don't think she won't mind."

Logan slid down in the bed next to her. "There's the cave...Dun Bonnet's cave. I told you about that." His hand was sliding down her stomach, his lips kissing a trail behind his fingers.

"Rivers and hidden lochs, places so green it's hard to imagine. Rocks...valleys..." His hands moved lower and Melody arched her back, her legs relaxing beneath the touch of Logan's hands, his lips caressing the curve of her hips, then the space between them.

"And...there's more. But I'm finding I'm a bit distracted at the moment. Can we talk about Scotland later?"

"Yes...later is fine." Melody sighed, lying back against the pillows. "Scotland's not going anywhere, I suppose."

His breath was warm against her skin, his laugh soft in the quiet room. "Aye. It's been there for centuries. It'll still be there when I'm done with you."

* * *

She woke with a start, her mind fully engaged, Logan's case the center of her focus. The thing that had been tugging at her brain, the one detail that had been overshadowed by Claire, by worrying about Logan, everything else in their lives finally became clear.

Ryan couldn't represent Jack Ashton. Not unless Joe Hunter had accepted his resignation. And the last Joe had told her, he hadn't. She wanted to shake Logan awake and tell him, but he was snoring softly beside her, his face calm and unlined for a change.

She brushed a strand of hair away from his cheek, marveling again how she'd ended up here, with this man. How she ended up in love with a stranger, who was now her best friend.

Getting quietly out of bed, she pulled on her robe. It was hours before she needed to be awake, but her mind was racing. She sat at the table in the living room, tearing a page out of Logan's notebook, scribbling down what she needed to do when she got to work. After filling the page, she read over her notes, smiled to herself, and then padded back down the hall to the bedroom.

Logan stirred as she climbed back into bed, reaching for her in his sleep. Her heart swelled with love for him and she nestled closer, letting herself relax against him. Knowing she'd written everything down she wanted to do, she let her mind go and drifted back into sleep.

* * *

"Come to the office at one-thirty. Call me from the lobby and I'll come down and get you. When Claire gets there, Victoria can bring her up." Melody headed back down the hall to the bedroom, in the process of getting dressed for work.

Logan was sitting at the table, drinking coffee. "And then?"

"And then, she's going to tell us what she wants. More specifically, what she wants from you. And why now," she called back down the hall.

"As, why now...if she's had my child, why wait until now? Not come forward before?"

"Exactly." Melody reappeared in the living room, resting one hand on the back of Logan's chair as she slipped on her heels.

Logan had her notes in his hand, frowning at the page. "What's this? I'm glad you don't leave me notes. Your handwriting leaves something to be desired."

She snatched the paper out of his hand, laughing. "Well, it was the middle of the night and I wanted to get this down on paper. It has to do with your case." She glanced at the page before folding it up and tucking it into her purse.

"What is it?" Logan turned in his chair, catching her wrist as she moved away.

"I don't want to say yet, until I ask a few questions at work. I don't want you...us...to get our collective hopes up until I check on a few things." She let him pull her down onto his lap. He was dressed in the same sweat pants as yesterday, and the memory of him wearing them, and then what happened after he'd taken them off, made her heart flutter.

"Logan...I have to go..." Her protest was half-hearted. And they both knew it. The warmth from his skin made her arm tingle, the scent of him set alight a small fire inside her. His voice was low and seductive, adding one more layer of sensation to her arousal.

"Last night...was magical. Having you there, beneath me, soft and warm." His fingers were lightly tugging at the top button of her blouse, his eyes leaving her face, drifting down over her body.

"Logan...please..." But she didn't know if please meant stop or continue. Logan apparently took it as license to keep going. He moved to the second button, undoing that one with ease.

"And then, later..." He leaned forward, his lips against her breast. Melody exhaled, a shiver coursing through her body.

"Ye taste so good, Melody. Better than anything." His tongue followed the curve of one breast, dipping between them before tracing back up the other one.

"Better than Macallan?" Even to her ears her voice sounded breathless.

"Aye. Better than the Macallan. But just as potent. I could drink you in and be just as drunk."

"Only no hangover?" Her fingers were wrapped in his hair, holding him to her as he nuzzled her skin.

"No hangover." He looked up at her, his eyes hooded and dreamy. "You really need to leave now."

Her eyes widened. "Oh. Really?" Her body was singing with heat, a deep throbbing low in her belly. The small fire had turned into a much larger flame.

"If you dinna get off my lap, you'll not be leaving anytime soon, Melody. I'll take ye right here, at the table, if need be."

Melody sighed, reaching down to button her blouse. "Then I'll take a rain check. Same chair, same table, tonight. Deal?"

"Deal." The smile on Logan's face took away some of the regret she felt, for leaving him and for leaving behind the image of him taking her there, at the table. Her knees were weak when she finally stood up.

"Call me." And she left the suite before she lost her willpower.

* * *

"Victoria, add a meeting to my calendar. Today, two o'clock. It's for the MacKenzie-Ashton case."

Victoria looked up from the papers on her desk. "Okay. Is Mr. MacKenzie going to be here?" Victoria's face lit up momentarily, before her professional demeanor returned.

"Yes, he is." Melody sighed. This is getting tiresome.

"Did you see the change of attorney notification? Isn't that...odd? Do you know why that happened?"

Melody cocked her head, pursing her lips, as she regarded Victoria for a moment. "Yes, I did see it. No, it's not really odd. It does happen, for a variety of reasons. And no, I don't know why in this case."

"But we..." Victoria started to speak, but her phone rang. She turned away, picking up the receiver.

Once in her office, Melody closed the door behind her. She shuffled around on her desk until she found Logan's file. The change notification papers were still clipped inside, where she'd left them. And still not date stamped, which Victoria should have done. Okay. That's the odd part, Victoria...how do you know about them if you've apparently never seen them?

Melody shook her head. "I'll deal with that...and her...later. First..."

She scooped up the phone, dialing Joe Hunter's office. They spoke briefly and when Melody hung up, she did a little dance in her chair.

"Okay, Ryan. I think you've finally out maneuvered even yourself."

For the rest of the day, Melody anxiously watched the clock, waiting for the appointment with Claire and Logan. In her heart she knew Logan was telling her the truth, that whatever Claire had to say about the child...Logan's child...wouldn't change anything between him and Melody. But she knew that wasn't always the case.

Children changed everything. It could be no other way. And Melody knew that no matter how torn she was, how upset she became over this, standing by Logan was only thing she could do, for him, for their relationship. And welcoming his child into their...into her life...was what she would do. If it came to that.

But that didn't mean she had to be happy hearing about it, especially from Claire and especially now. Melody knew this meeting was going to be difficult for all of them and there was nothing she could do for Logan today, other than be his attorney. At least not until she left the office and returned to their hotel.

Their hotel.

It came almost as a surprise to realize she'd been living with Logan almost as long as she'd known him. The last time she'd gone back to her apartment for yet another change of clothes, the place had that smell unused places get, of dust and stale air. Her apartment phone's answering machine was full and she listened with a guilty conscious to the messages, making notes of who to call back.

Then she'd packed another bag of clothes, picked up her mail from downstairs and gone back to Logan. The apartment no longer felt like home. The suite at the hotel had become their haven, their refuge. Melody felt the heat rise in her cheeks. We've pretty much initiated the entire suite, at least every horizontal surface.

She wondered though, when this was over, the trial settled, Claire behind them-or at least no longer harboring secrets-where they'd go, where they would live. Logan talked about taking her to Scotland, but they'd never really talked about concrete future plans. Would we live together?

Melody gazed out the window, idly wondering what life on the road with Logan would be like. Would she like being in a new city every few days? Would they get on each other's nerves, constantly moving from place to place? She'd never really traveled, never been much further than upstate New York, not counting her mad dash across the Atlantic to Scotland.

With a shake of her head and a rueful smile she brought herself back to reality. There were too many things in front of them right now. There would be time to sort out the future once they had the present under control. Or I hope that's the way it works.

Promptly at one-thirty, her office phone rang. Logan was in the lobby and she walked past Victoria and took the elevator down to retrieve him. When they came back to Melody's floor, Victoria had her head down, reading papers. At the sound of Logan's voice, her head jerked up.

"Oh, Mr. MacKenzie, hello. Melody, I'd have gone down...you didn't need to...reception didn't call." Victoria turned to her phone, frowning at it.

Melody waved her hand dismissively. "No problem. I wasn't busy." Logan walked into her office and Melody turned back to Victoria.

"There will be a Claire Blackwood joining us in about half an hour. Can you bring her up?"

Victoria nodded and Melody closed the door. Logan was standing by the window, looking down on the street below, worry and anxiety casting shadows across his face. He was dressed in a conservative black suit and white dress shirt, the same suit he'd worn to the first meeting she'd had with him here at the firm.

It seemed so long ago that she'd sat across from him, so angry and hurt, believing he'd taken advantage of her, used her for a one-night stand. But they'd come so far in such a short time. Melody's heart ached to reach out and comfort him, touch him...hug him, but she didn't. Instead she took a seat at the work table, opening the case file.

"Logan. Come sit down."

He turned from the window and pulled out the chair across from Melody. "I suppose there's a no touching rule in force today?" He shook his head. "I should have taken ye this morning, when I had the chance."

Melody smiled. "And I should have let you. But..." She held up her page of notes. "I wouldn't have had a chance to follow up on this."

"Oh, the mysterious scribbles, the page torn from my notebook, I notice. What was the big secret?"

"Actually, it turns out it's something quite simple, something that I think Ryan Marshall, in his haste to undermine me and my career, overlooked."

"And that thing is?"

"He's still a partner at Avery Marshall and Shaw."

Logan shook his head. "I'm not the lawyer here. But I get the sense you're telling me he can't represent Ashton if he's still a partner here?"

"Exactly. If he's still practicing with our firm, it's not possible. Especially since he was involved in your case, and had, at one point, appointed himself lead attorney."

"So, does this mean my case goes away? What about Ashton's counter suit?" Logan had his elbows on the table, anxiously leaning forward, tension rolling off of him in palpable waves.

"We can ask to settle out of court, if Ashton agrees. I suspect he won't though." Melody shrugged.

"But it means Ryan cannot represent Ashton. It would keep Ryan from having your case thrown out of court because of our...because of us." A wave of guilt washed over Melody. And that saves my professional skin, but doesn't do much for your case, Logan.

"We'll need to sit down tonight and make some decisions. Your case is still viable, still important. But if Ryan represented Ashton, there'd be no hope in winning. He knows too much...about too many things."

There was a knock on the door and Logan stood the same time Melody did. The door opened and Melody drew in a sharp breath.

Victoria ushered in a beautiful girl, tall, with flaming red hair that fell past her shoulders in soft waves. Dressed in jeans and simple blouse, she looked fresh-faced, the girl-next-door, only from Scotland. Melody tried to recover her composure and pasted what she hoped was a professional smile on her face and extended her hand.

"Hello. I'm Melody Lawson. I represent Mr. MacKenzie in...I'm Mr. MacKenzie's attorney."

The girl wasn't even looking at Melody. Her eyes were fixed on Logan. She took another step into the room, walking past Melody's outstretched hand.

"Logan. You're here. I didn't think...I mean, I know you said...but..." Claire's voice broke and she reached for the back of the chair in front of her, steadying herself.

Melody glanced at Logan, whose face was unreadable. He hesitated a moment before pulling a chair out for Claire.

"Claire. I canna say I'm glad to see ye, but you're here. So let's do what we said we'd do. Sit and let Melody...let Ms. Lawson ask her questions."

Claire was staring open-mouthed at Logan, but she sat in the chair he indicated, perched on the edge as if she were going to bolt from the room. Logan looked across the table at Melody, waiting for her to take her seat before sitting back down in his chair, back straight, shoulders tensed.

Melody tried very hard not to be intimidated by Claire's beauty. She had never imagined what Claire would look like, and Logan had never talked about her, other than explaining who she was in the briefest of terms. The girl he had wanted to marry.

But her clear skin, green eyes and delicate features made Melody suddenly feel insecure and vulnerable. More so since she couldn't decipher anything from Logan's face. His expression was closed, shuttered. He'd looked that way in Scotland, when she'd finally found him, before she'd had the chance to explain about Ryan.

She took a deep breath, trying to regain her professional demeanor. Clearing her throat, she picked up her pen and pulled her notebook closer.

"Shall we begin?"

Claire finally turned to her, as if realizing for the first time Melody was in the room with them. Her eyes traveled over Melody's clothes, lingering on her necklace and watch. When her gaze finally met Melody's, there was fear and something else, something akin to jealousy. Melody wasn't quite sure what she was seeing in the girl's eyes, but she didn't trust her.

"I'd like to begin by saying while this is an informal meeting, you are under oath, and I would caution that you should tell the truth..."

"I have no reason to lie." Claire's voice was brittle, high-pitched.

"I'm not implying that you are, or that you will. I'm simply stating that the truth is the best path."

Claire turned large eyes to Logan. "You believe me, don't you, Logan? About it...about your baby? It is yours..."

"Claire, I don't ken what to believe." Logan leaned forward, his face an emotionless mask. "Ye did sleep with my best friend, ye ken. And I dinna ken, or care, if it was the first time, or the last."

Melody watched as Claire's face slowly dissolved into tears. She glanced at Logan, caught his bewildered look and looked back to Claire.

"Claire, I know this is hard for you..." Melody began, but realized Claire wasn't listening to her.

Claire was shaking her head, her eyes still fixed on Logan. "But Logan, ye wanted this. You've wanted children, said so, since I've known you. And ye have one now, a son...what ye wanted." She leaned forward, her eyes searching Logan's face.

Logan closed his eyes, drawing in a sharp breath. "Claire. Not like this." He shook his head. When he opened his eyes, they were cold. "This is not how I wanted to start my family, not with betrayal and deceit."

"But...this is what you want." A stubborn tone had crept into Claire's voice and she repeated her plea. "Ye want this. How could ye not?"

"I want children, more than anything. But how can I trust you, Claire. Ye slept with another man, in our bed. What am I to think?"

"Ye can think that I was scared, that ye ran out on me, left me there. Because I was. I dinna ken what to do."

"And ye don't care how I felt in this? How ye tore out my heart, broke any trust I had with ye? How am I to make that right here?" He thumped his closed fist against his chest.

"No...I mean, yes, I care. Of course I care. I loved you..." Her voice had taken on a petulant tone and her bottom lip slid out in the beginning of a pout.

Logan held up his hand, cutting her off. "Do not say that. I don't want to hear it."

"Excuse me." Melody rapped her knuckle on the table, her eyes a blazing swirl of emotion. "I think we're straying off topic here. It's very easy to determine if Logan is the father or not. And that's all we really need to do...you produce the child for a blood test and..."

Claire's face blanched white, the pout replaced by a look of wide-eyed shock.

"No! It's not...that's not how this goes...he said...all I had to do was say it's yours." Claire began crying, her cheeks turning pink, her nose beginning to run. She sniffled and Melody reached behind her, grabbing a box of tissues from the bookcase, sliding it across the table toward Claire. The girl took one, blowing her nose loudly.

"What do you mean, this isn't how it goes?" Melody kept her voice neutral, watching intently for any reaction from Claire.

"And who is 'he'?"

Claire's eyes darted between Logan and Melody, looking for all the world like a scared rabbit. Albeit a rabbit that was lying.

As much as she wanted to dislike her, Melody could see the girl was terrified of something...or someone. And Melody didn't think it was either her or Logan.

"If I tell you, you can't say I told."

Melody nodded.

Claire took a deep breath, the fight for control of her emotions clearly evident on her face.

"It was Mr. Ashton."

* * *

Claire's words seemed to hang in the air. In the silence that followed her statement, Melody looked at Logan. His face was no longer emotionless; his eyes had darkened with anger, his mouth a tight straight line. She could see a muscle twitch in his jaw.

"What did Ashton tell you to say?" Logan's voice was cold, his words clipped.

Claire's words came in a rush, between lessening sobs. "He called me, said I should tell you I have your baby. That you'd do anything to avoid the publicity...because of the lawsuit."

Melody frowned. "You do have a baby?"

Claire nodded, turning to Melody. "Aye. I do." She glanced at Logan before lowering her head. "It's not yours, Logan...Mr. Ashton told me to say that. But it's not true."

"Whose baby is it, Claire?" Logan's voice had lost its hard edge, but he was still visibly angry, his words coming slowly, deliberately.

The reply was almost inaudible. "It's Danny's." Claire twisted a tissue into a knotted rope, shredded bits falling on the table.

Logan rose abruptly, shoving his chair away from the table. He strode to the window, looking down onto the street. Melody could hear his fingers tapping on the windowsill.

"Who is Danny?" Melody asked. She thought she knew the answer, and as much as she knew it would hurt Logan to hear, she needed Claire to tell her. But it wasn't Claire that answered. From across the room Logan's voice reached her, the pain so evident Melody felt tears well up in her eyes.

"Danny was my best friend. Danny..." Claire's face had gone even paler, the copper freckles on her nose standing out in sharp contrast, as Logan went on. "Danny was the man I found her in bed with."

He was still facing the window, his back to Claire and Melody.

"Is that true, Claire?" Melody asked.

Claire nodded. There was a beat of silence and then Logan turned sharply.

"Say it...admit it, Claire. Tell her...tell me...whose baby it really is." Logan's voice was rough with emotion and the anguish on his face made Melody's heart clench.

"Logan..." Melody shook her head slightly.

"No. She needs to say it. I need to hear her say it. I think she owes me that bit of truth."

"It's not yours." Claire's voice was dull, her head down, the words mumbled.

He walked back to the table, dropping heavily into his chair, leaning toward Claire.

"And the truth of our relationship? Did ye ever intend to marry me, Claire?"

Claire's head came up. "How could you doubt that? I love you, Logan. I always have..."

"Ye loved me enough to sleep with my best friend? How does that show ye loved me?" The pain in Logan's face had settled in his eyes. Melody longed to reach out to him, but clasped her hands in her lap to keep from doing just that.

But it was Claire's hand that shot out, covering Logan's hand where it lay on the table. Melody felt a palpable jolt in her stomach at the sight of Claire's slender hand touching Logan's. He didn't pull away from her touch but he didn't return the gesture.

"You were gone...with the band, on the road all the time. I was lonely. Danny would come round, just like he did when you were home. We just...it wasn't planned. It just happened."

"And the baby? Was that planned?"

Claire shook her head. "No. It wasn't. Ye have to believe me, Logan."

Logan pulled his hand away from Claire, running it through his hair.

"Ye could have told me you weren't happy, Claire. Anything but finding ye in the arms of my best friend. Anything but that."

Melody leaned forward, clearing her throat. She was losing control, of the interview and her own emotions. She wanted this to end, for Logan's sake, and her own, but there was still questions that needed to be answered.

"Claire. Danny is the father?"

"Aye. Danny is the father."

"And Jack Ashton told you to call Logan, to tell him the baby was his."

"Aye."

Melody tapped her pen on her notepad. "Why? What was the reason for this?"

"It was to...he said it would discredit Logan, make him look bad. He said I should go to the papers then, tell them that Logan had denied the baby."

"But the baby has nothing to do with the suit." Logan turned to Melody. "What sense does that make?"

Claire shook her head. "Not discredit you with the courts. With your fans. It would be all over the papers. He said even if you won the case, you'd have no fans left. They'd all leave you."

"And insisting on meeting in public? That was Ashton's idea as well?" Logan's tone was incredulous.

Claire nodded. "He said he'd have someone taking photos, of us. Those would be in the papers too. I was supposed to cry, make a scene."

"My God, the man will stop at nothing to see me ruined." Logan turned to Melody. "He had to know it would be easy enough to prove I'm not the father."

Melody sat back, blowing out a breath. "Logan...you know how the tabloids are. They'd only print that you'd abandoned your child, with a picture of the crying mother beneath the headline. No one would care that it wasn't yours. You'd be tried in the public's eye well before anything ever went to court." Melody turned back to Claire.

"Miss Blackwood, I appreciate your honesty. I know this had been hard...for you."

"Am I in trouble?" Her eyes darted between Logan and Melody.

"I don't think Mr. MacKenzie is interested in pursuing this any further." Melody caught Logan's eye and he shook his head.

"No, I'm not wanting to make this any more of a mess than it already is."

Relief washed across Claire's features. She reached for Logan's hand again, but this time he pulled it away.

"But, Claire, I will require you to sign a statement...a document that states the facts as you've given them today, taken under oath...that states Mr. MacKenzie is not the father of your child. And that Mr. Ashton coerced you into making a false claim of paternity."

"I'm not sure...is that necessary? I...I won't say it again, to anyone." The confusion on Claire's face was clear. She looked at Logan again, her eyes questioning him.

"Yes. It's necessary. It protects you and Mr. MacKenzie. This would be a very complicated matter if we don't make it clear, now, what the facts are. It's for everyone's best interest."

"Claire, just do as she says. I don't want this coming back to bite me in the arse in the future."

Melody rose, collecting her notes. "I'll have this typed and bring you something to sign in just a few minutes."

"Melody...who..."

"I believe Lori is free." She raised an eyebrow at Logan. He nodded his head. Victoria was the last person she wanted anywhere near this document and Logan knew that.

She moved to the door, looking back at Logan and Claire. It took all her will power to walk out of the room, leaving the two of them alone behind a closed door. She shook her head. He's not going to ask her to marry him, Melody. She's out of his life...you need to trust him on that.

It took only a few minutes for Melody to dictate the contents of the statement to Lori, retrieve the printed copy and return to her office. But it felt as if she'd been gone far too long.

When she opened the door, Logan was standing by the window, Claire still sitting in the same chair. Melody mentally chided herself for thinking anything would have happened. Logan turned, the pain on his face somewhat lessened.

Melody placed the paper in front of Claire, laying a pen on top of the document.

"Read this carefully. It's your sworn statement of fact. If anything here isn't accurate, tell me. Otherwise, sign here." Melody pointed at the document. "I'll witness the signature."

"Is that it?" Claire turned to Logan. "What about...Logan? About us?"

Logan was shaking his head. "There is nothing left Claire. You know that. It was over from the minute you took Danny into our bed."

"But I thought that since...you agreed to meet...that you wanted to see me." The tears started again and Claire pulled another tissue from the box, sniffling as she twisted it in her hands.

Melody took the signed document and walked quietly behind her desk but remained standing. Logan was still at the window, his eyes on Claire. The anger had left his face but he looked tired, drained. His voice was flat and emotionless

"No, Claire. Don't read into this what's not there. Go home, go back to your child...to Danny, if that's who you're with."

Claire shook her head. "No. I'm not...we're not together. He left when he found out about the baby...that I was expecting."

"Well, then I'm sorry for that. But there's nothing I can do." He'd moved away from the window, standing behind the edge of Claire's desk. Melody felt his fingers brush against hers and she involuntarily wound her fingers loosely though his.

"There's someone else now, Claire. I have someone else."

"Oh." Claire's voice was small, almost inaudible and her eyes moved between Logan and Melody. "Oh...I see."

"But even if there weren't someone else, ye tore my heart out, Claire. There'd be no going back, not after what ye did."

"I know...I just hoped." With a final sniffle, Claire rose, retrieving her purse from the chair beside her. "I'll go now. I see you're happy. If it makes a difference, I am sorry, Logan. I never wanted to hurt you."

"Aye, but you did, Claire." The cold sound of Logan's voice sent a shiver down Melody's back, and she had a brief moment of pity for Claire.

Melody let go of Logan's hand, walking toward the door. "Victoria can take you down to the lobby. Let me remind you the statement you gave is under oath, and a legal document. I would ask that you keep it confidential as well."

Claire turned back to Logan. "But what do I do about Mr. Ashton?"

Logan's laugh was harsh. "Ye could tell him to go to hell, if you'd have the mind. Ye should have told him that in the first place. But you can tell him you're not a liar and not interested in ruining my career just to line his pocket."

"If Mr. Ashton continues to pursue you, or this campaign of lies, I'd advise hiring an attorney of your own and handling it that way. I can't do anything for you, since I represent Mr. MacKenzie." Melody glanced at Logan.

"I think we're through here. Thank you for your time." Melody opened the door, depositing the shaken Claire with Victoria.

When she turned back, Logan was sitting down, elbows resting on the table, his head in his hands. Melody closed the door quietly behind her. She walked behind him, wrapping her arms around his neck, her hands resting on his chest, her head beside his.

He raised his head, leaning back against her, his hands over hers.

"Are you alright?" She whispered the words against his cheek.

"I'll be fine. I feel like I've been on the losing end of a bar fight though. My head hurts something fierce."

"Well, this is over. We know what she wanted..."

"Aye. It wasn't what she wanted though. It was what Ashton wanted...to ruin me. He's not satisfied with just stealing my money, he's interested in making sure I never make any more."

Melody kissed his cheek. "I know. I'm not really sure how much lower that man can stoop.

"It's bad enough that he's out to ruin me but it galls me that he would use Claire. She's just a simple girl from home. You saw her...she's got no sense about how things would have turned out."

Logan turned, looking up at Melody. "Thank you, Melody. For being here, for being kind to the girl. I know this was hard for you. But you don't know how much it eased my mind having you here."

The tears she'd been trying to hold back ran down Melody's cheeks. "It's us together, Logan. Always. There's nowhere else I would have wanted to be, even though it was hard...for both of us."

Logan rose, pulling her against him. "Aye. But now we know what we needed to. There is no child, or at least no child of mine. And it was Ashton behind all of it."

Melody rested her cheek against Logan's chest, breathing in the scent of his cologne, his own warmth beneath that. She closed her eyes, savoring the feel of his arms around her.

They were quiet for a moment, Logan slowly running his hands over Melody's back. As relived as she was to find out the child was not Logan's, something tugged at her mind. A question she needed to ask. But she wasn't sure she wanted to hear the answer. She lifted her head, and his gaze met hers.

"Are you disappointed at all? I mean, that you don't have a child?"

Logan brushed a stray tear away from her cheek with his thumb. "Truth? As much as I want a child, I didn't want one this way. By deceit or tricks, or with a woman who slept with my best friend. A woman who dinna have enough respect for me to stand by me. OR to leave."

He held her face in his hands, his eyes searching hers. "When I have a family, it'll be with the woman who loves me, who's been by my side through whatever hell has tossed at us. And that's you, Melody. I love ye, ye ken that. You're the only woman I want bearing me children."

He bent his head, his lips finding hers. His kiss was gentle and soft, his lips and mouth and tongue reassuring Melody more than his words ever could how he felt. She melted into the kiss, forgetting where they were, letting Claire slip from her mind.

A soft knock on the door broke the moment. Melody pulled away from Logan, moving behind her desk, as he turned toward the window.

"Come in."

Victoria's head appeared around the door frame. "Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you were alone."

"It's fine. We're almost finished here. Mr. MacKenzie was just leaving."

"Aye. I'm on my way out. Thank you for your...assistance today, Ms. Lawson. I'll be in touch."

And then he was gone. Victoria trailed after him for a few steps, but it was apparent he knew his way to the lobby and wasn't waiting for an escort. Melody watched her in the doorway, frowning. Finally Victoria came back into Melody's office, papers clutched in her hand.

"Did you need something, Victoria?"

"I have this..." She held out a sheaf of paper. "For your review and signature. It can be filed then, if it's okay."

"Thanks. I'll take a look." Melody took the papers, setting it aside. She opened Logan's file, shuffling through the documents, looking for the packet of photographs Ryan had shown her.

Now that the issue with Claire had been resolved, at least for the time being, Melody was anxious to deal with Ryan, on several fronts. To have him removed from the case and to try and seek an out of court settlement from Ashton. And to put to rest, if she could, the question both she and Logan had over who took the photograph of Melody with Logan.

As she pulled the manila envelope from the file, she realized Victoria was still standing in her office.

"Anything else?" Melody resisted the urge to tap her fingers on her desk. She still had the hunch that Victoria was somehow connected with Ryan, but she had yet to put her finger on the specifics or find a way to prove it. All she knew was that she didn't trust Victoria. It bothered Melody that she felt this way, without any proof, and that it made her short-tempered with the woman. But right now, Victoria wasn't...couldn't be...a priority.

"No...well, I was just wondering. Mr. MacKenzie...is he seeing anyone?"

Melody looked at the woman, her brow furrowing in disbelief. What the hell is she after now?

"Not that I'm aware of. It's not relevant to the case and, frankly, none of my...or your...business." She pulled the photos out of the envelope, tapping the edges on her desk.

"Oh, I know. But, he's just so...sexy. And nice. Not that I'm looking at him just as a good looking guy, like a sex god or anything. He just seems like such a sweetheart."

"I'm sure he is." Melody cleared her throat. "Victoria, working here, you're going to come in contact with a great many celebrities. It would pay for you to learn to distance yourself, to remain professional."

"Yes...it's just...I think about what it would be like, meeting someone famous, like him, and having them fall in love with me. Didn't you ever fantasize about that?"

"Absolutely not. Victoria, really. This is not the way to conduct yourself here at the office. If you want to have fantasies about clients, please do not bring that into my office. Now, I have work to do. I'll bring you the complaint after I've read through it. You can close the door on your way out."

Victoria turned and left, the door closing softly behind her. Melody sat in amazement, and horror. If Victoria were fishing for information about her and Logan for Ryan, she certainly wasn't even trying to be subtle. Melody made a mental note to talk to Joe Hunter in the morning, to ask about having a memo put in Victoria's file. As distasteful as it was to Melody to think about firing someone, in this case, Victoria was practically giving her reasons to let her go.

Melody shrugged, turning back to the photos. I'll deal with her tomorrow.

She laid the photos out on her desk. There were ten in all, counting the one with her and Logan. All of them were in black and white, all showed Logan with a woman. A beautiful woman...every time.

The prickle of jealousy running along her spine bothered her. Logan had told her he'd been with other women, mostly to ease the loneliness of being on the road. He'd been open and honest about all of it. And Melody knew that rock stars were magnets for groupies and hangers-on.

The women in the photos included actresses, several were models, and one was a television reality show star. All were in the public eye, all of them linked with to other famous men through a series of relationships. Except me.

She opened her notebook, scribbling on the blank page. Then she looked at the location of each photo. Some were of Logan and the woman leaving a building, as if the photographer was waiting outside. In some, Logan or the woman was looking at the camera.

But in three, the photographs showed Logan and the woman inside. One of them was of Logan with a model, Irina someone. Melody recognized her from a perfume ad. They were eating dinner, the shot clearing taken from outside the restaurant. There were other diners in the foreground, blurry and indistinct. She thought it might have been taken with a telephoto lens.

In the photo of her and Logan, the shot was clear, but appeared to be taken at very close range. There were no other people in the photo, just her and Logan.

Something clicked in Melody's mind and she decided she wanted to show the photos to Logan. She grabbed them, stuffing them back into the envelope before grabbing her purse.

Victoria was still at her desk. She looked up as Melody came out of her office.

"Did you read the complaint?"

"No. I'll do that first thing. I'm out for the rest of the day. You can just take messages and let anyone know who's looking for me that I'll be back in the office in the morning."

* * *

Logan wasn't at the security door waiting for her and her heart did a little stutter step in her chest. You're being silly. You're perfectly capable of getting from here to the suite in one piece.

He didn't answer her knock and she noticed her hand was trembling as she used the key card.

The door of the suite opened and Melody gasped, her hand going to her mouth.

"Oh, my God, Logan. What have you done?"

The room was lit with candles, dozens of them. Bouquets of white roses were placed around the room, their rainy scent reaching her. The table that sat beneath the window was pulled into the middle of the suite, set with crystal and china, more candles in tall holders on the snowy white table cloth. And with a single chair at one end.

"I ordered dinner." Logan reached behind Melody, closing the door. "You can come in, ye ken. This is for you." He took her purse, dropping it on the floor. He was wearing just the gray sweatpants, exactly as she'd left him this morning, bare-chested and barefoot.

"But why...how...when..." She turned to him, and before she could finish, he had her in his arms. She looked up at him, laughing, hands against his chest.

"Hush, woman. There's all night to talk. We have a date, remember? With a certain table and chair."

His kiss was slow and sensual, his lips lingering over hers while his hands moved over her body.

Logan finally stepped away from Melody. She opened her eyes, her gaze unfocused, her body reacting to his touch, his lips on hers, the promise this night held. He took her by the hand, leading her to the table and she stopped, looking down at it. And then to that single chair.

"Logan, this is all beautiful. The table...the room. Everything. Thank you."

There was a silver bowl of strawberries sitting nearby, plump red globes that looked almost too perfect to eat. Logan took one, holding it out for Melody. She bit into the delicate flesh, the sweetness of the berry exploding in her mouth.

"Oh, Logan. This is amazing. You need to taste this."

"I will." He leaned forward, slowly tracing the outline of her lips with his tongue, before slipping it between her lips. She opened to him, letting his tongue explore the recesses of her mouth, flicking and sliding against her tongue. The strawberry was momentarily forgotten as the kiss deepened, the only point of contact between them their kiss.

When he broke away this time, Melody sighed, already aching for his next kiss, his next caress. Logan popped the rest of the berry into his mouth and Melody pulled him to her, arms around his neck, echoing the path his tongue had traced, over his lips, tasting the sweetness of the strawberry, before he opened his lips to her.

"Mmm, you taste wonderful." Melody ran her tongue across her lips.

"Aye, as do you. Come here." He sat down, pulling her onto his lap.

"Just where we left off this morning. You have no idea how hard it was for me to leave, to go to work."

"Well, you have no idea how...hard...my day was, being left by you. It's a bit different when you have somewhere to go, something to take your mind off things. I was left here in rather a...delicate state."

Melody laughed, brushing his hair from his forehead. "Poor you...I'll make it up to you. We have all night...I don't have anywhere to be until tomorrow."

"Would you like a drink? I have champagne..." Logan reached for a bottle chilling in a silver bucket.

"No Macallan?" Melody leaned forward, reaching for two champagne flutes, setting them at the edge of the table.

"Maybe later...I want you relaxed, not insensible. Although..." Logan carefully filled the glasses. "I remember you were still quite sexy the first time I bedded you, after too much Macallan."

Melody made a face at Logan. "And that was entirely your fault. You plied me with that stuff and then took advantage of me."

"Aye. I did. Worked out quite well, I think." Logan handed her a glass, taking his.

"A toast. To you, Melody. Without you, I don't know what my life would be like. You've been my rock of late." He clinked his glass lightly against hers.

"I love you, Melody."

"Logan. I love you too. And there's nowhere I'd rather be, than with you. You've been my rock, too." She took a sip of champagne.

"Oh, this is nice." She hiccoughed and then burst into a fit of giggles.

"It's like that, then? One sip and you're already on your way?" Logan's lips quirked up into that charming grin she'd been missing lately.

Melody's giggles intensified and she wrapped one arm around Logan, kissing his cheek.

"It's just so good to finally have something not turn into a bigger problem. And to see this..." She traced her finger over Logan's lips. "It seems like forever since you've smiled like this."

"And it's good to have you like this, Melody. Giggles and all."

Logan set his glass on the table. He cupped her face in his hand, his fingers caressing her cheek before trailing down her neck. They lingered at the neckline of her blouse for a moment, and then the first button on her blouse opened.

Melody's giggles subsided, the giddy sensation in the pit of her stomach now accompanied by the familiar warmth that Logan's touch started inside her. She bit her lip as Logan slowly undid the next few buttons. With gentle fingers he pulled the fabric aside, the tops of her br**sts now visible.

"Aye, it's very good to have you like this." His voice was husky. He took a strawberry, dipping it in his champagne glass. Melody leaned forward expectantly, but he held the berry out of her reach. She watched, lips parted, as he ran the dripping fruit between her br**sts, leaving a cool trail of champagne on her skin.

Logan bent his head, his lips warm, as he kissed the top of one breast before repeating the path he'd followed that morning, tracing the curve of her with his tongue, dipping between them. He paused, licking the trail of champagne from her skin.

"Just like I remembered." His eyes met hers and the emotions she saw...love, lust, and arousal made Melody gasp.

"Logan..."

"Shhh...there's nothing that needs saying right now."

Leaning forward, she caught his lips in a kiss, a kiss that tasted of champagne and strawberries and passion. The kiss deepened, his tongue claiming her mouth again, his hand sliding up to cup one breast.

Logan shifted beneath her and she was aware of his erection pressing against her hip. She wiggled on his lap and Logan moaned against her mouth in response. The heat that had started in her belly at the touch of his lips blossomed, spreading upward, and down between her legs. The sudden jolt of pleasure had her practically whimpering, Logan's lips and tongue doing wonderful things to her, her body coming alive beneath his hands and mouth.

They were locked in this embrace, Logan's fingers slowly moving over her skin, leaving a trail of goose bumps behind. Somewhere along the way he'd undone the rest of the buttons on her blouse and his hands moved along her sides and then slipped up her back. There was a brief hesitation and she felt the clasp on her bra open.

She broke away from his kiss as Logan carefully slid the blouse and bra off of her arms, dropping them to the floor. His eyes traveled over her body, and she melted under his gaze.

"It's like the first time, every time I see you like this." His voice was low and his eyes met hers. "You take my breath away, Melody. Every time."

She ran her hands gently through his hair, caressing his face with her fingers. "And you take my breath away too, Logan. Every time...all the time."

Melody slid off Logan's lap, unzipping her skirt, letting it slid down her h*ps and then stepping out of it. She was left in just her panties and heels. Logan's eyes never left her body as she slipped her fingers beneath the waistband, sliding the satin down her legs.

Leaning forward, she placed her hands on his knees, running her hands up the insides of his thighs. He spread his legs and she leaned forward, her lips brushing against his, teasing him, her tongue flicking out over his lower lip.

His hands were moving restlessly over her, sliding up from her hips, along her torso, cupping her br**sts.

"Melody..." The wanting was evident in his voice, making her weak in the knees, her heart fluttering in her chest.

"Shhh....there's nothing that needs saying right now." She bit her lip, running her hands down his chest, over the flat plane of his stomach, over the bulge at the apex of his thighs. Logan groaned, his h*ps flexing forward as her touch grew more intense, her hands molding to him over the thin material of the sweatpants.

"God, woman. You're driving me mad." Logan's words were a low growl.

She looked up at him from beneath her lashes, a smile curving the corners of her mouth. "That's my intent."

"I see that." He raised an eyebrow, his smile matching hers. "You're doing a very good job."

Still smiling, Melody reached for the waistband of Logan's sweats, slowly sliding her fingers beneath the elastic, brushing her fingers against him, feeling the heat and hardness of his erection, his gasp and moan sending a wave of arousal through her body. Logan raised his h*ps and she slid the pants down his legs, leaving him nak*d in the chair.

She stood for a moment, her eyes traveling over his body, drinking in every masculine line, every curve of muscle, covered in taut skin. Her body was singing with passion, aching for him and she found she was powerless to resist him.

Leaning forward, she placed her hands on his shoulders, straddling the chair and his hips. His hands went to her hips, clenching against her skin as she held herself above him, teasing him with her body, rubbing herself slowly against him. He'd reached up, his fingers on her br**sts, thumbs skating across her hard n**ples.

"Melody...please." Logan was moving beneath her, h*ps rising, seeking more contact...seeking entry.

"Yes...oh, hell, yes."

Melody lowered herself down onto Logan, exhaling as he entered her. She caught the look on Logan's face; his head back, eyes closed, his expression radiating pure bliss. The same bliss she felt at that moment. His hands relaxed against her as she settled her weight fully on him.

"God, Melody." He lifted his head, eyes meeting hers. "How did I get so lucky, finding you when I did?"

She shook her head. "I don't know, but I'm glad you did." She kissed him softly. "I love you, Logan."

His hands were splayed across her back as she began moving against Logan, rising up and settling back. She wrapped her arms around his neck and he leaned forward, his lips on her br**sts.

Their bodies moved perfectly together and it wasn't long before Melody was moaning, grinding herself against Logan. His fingers were on her hips, at first guiding her movements, then holding her as she moved faster.

When she came, it was hard and fast, her body pressed down on Logan, head back, mouth open. She could hear Logan's voice, his words lost in the pounding of blood in her ears and she wasn't sure if it was Gaelic or English. But it didn't matter; the cadence and tone of his words encouraged her, added to the waves of pleasure coursing through her body.

As she finished, she collapsed against Logan, rocking the chair briefly. She heard the rumble of his laugh as they regained their balance. Nestling her face against his shoulder, she let herself relax against him, let him hold her against his body, loving the feel of his hands on her skin, the strength of his embrace.

"Logan..." She nuzzled his neck, kissing the tender skin beneath his ear, trailing kisses down his jawline.

"That was amazing." She sat up and he reached up, brushing a strand of hair away from her face.

"Aye, it was...and will be. I'm not finished with ye yet, by any length."

She smiled down at him, shaking her head. "I hope not. I'm not finished with you either."

Melody stood up and before she realized what was happening, Logan scooped her up, cradling her against his chest. She wrapped her arms around his neck as he carried her down the short hall to the bedroom.

There were more roses on the dresser and night table, these deep red. A small lamp was lit and the room was cast in soft shadow. The covers were pulled back, rose petals scattered on the sheets.

Logan laid Melody gently on the bed, climbing beside her. He pulled her against his body, his lips brushing against her forehead and cheek before he propped himself on one elbow, looking down at her.

"Logan...you've really made this so special. I feel like a princess."

"If I had a castle, you would be. We have them, you know, in Scotland."

"I know...like in Inverness."

Logan shook his head. "There are other ones, smaller, a little more private." His hand traced over her shoulder, down the curve of her breast.

"I'd buy you a castle and make you my queen."

"You would?" Melody watched Logan's face, his eyes dreamy and hooded, as he followed the path of his fingers over her skin.

"Yes...a castle and land. Fill it with boisterous children. And horses."

Melody tried unsuccessfully to stifle a giggle. "In the castle?"

Logan gaze traveled back to hers and she didn't miss the roll of his eyes. Or the smile playing about his lips.

"No, woman. Not in the castle. In the stable, where they belong. But for you to ride, and for the children. And me. I like horses."

"So...we'd live there, together?" Melody's heart was fluttering in her chest, her breath catching in her throat.

"Well, it would be hard to get you with a child if we lived apart." His hand drifted down over her stomach, his finger slowly circling her navel.

"Sometimes I'd be gone on tour, but you could come along, if you like." Melody caught the almost shy tone of his voice and his quick glance at her.

"I think I'd like that. Very much." Tears gathered in her eyes, threatening to spill down her cheeks.

"I love ye, Melody. I wish there were more words than those three...four...to tell ye what I feel."

Logan leaned over, kissing her softly. "All I can do is show ye, and I'll do that every day that we're together. As many times as you'll have me."

The tears she'd been trying to hold back fell then. Logan pulled her against him, murmuring against her neck, his body pressed against hers as he rocked her gently and she cried softly. The murmurs eventually turned into singing, soft words she didn't understand.

She lifted her face and his lips found hers, his body moving over hers. There was no mistaking his intent, his desire to take her, to take control. And Melody let him, letting him rise over her, claim her body as he gave her his.

Every move he made sent her spiraling higher, sent another wave of passion crashing through her body. She was clutching the sheets, body twisting beneath Logan as he drove her to her release.

And then he was there with her, his body tensed above her for a moment before he came. He called her name, his voice heavy with emotion and then buried his face in her neck, his cries muffled against her body. She held him as he shook against her, and as his breathing finally began slowing. After a long time he rolled onto his back, one arm thrown over his eyes.

"My, God, woman. You'll be the death of me. But I'll die a happy man."

Melody laughed in the darkness, rolling over to rest her head no his chest, idly tracing circles on his damp skin.

"What's the song?" She spoke without lifting her head from his chest.

"What song?" Logan's voice was far away, arm still across his eyes.

"You sang me a song before...this last time." She felt herself blush and smiled, glad Logan couldn't see that he still made her blush.

"Oh, that. Nothing really. Just something I've been messing with." He pulled her against him, his chest against her back. He found her hand, winding his fingers in hers.

"Sleep now, Melody. Sleep with me. Ta mo chroi istigh ionat."

"My heart is within you too, Logan."

His breathing slowed, grew deeper and the arm around her waist gradually relaxed, but never completely let go of her hand. She drifted off, the steady sound of his breathing in her ears, dreams of castles and Scotland in her head.

* * *

The alarm woke Melody. She was disoriented, still half asleep as she batted at the clock. Logan wasn't in bed and she could smell coffee. She tugged her robe around her shoulders, stumbling down the hall.

"Morning. Coffee's made. Do you want breakfast before you leave?"

Logan was sitting at the table, which still bore the remains of their very late night dinner. They'd woken well after midnight, both ravenous, and had devoured the rest of the room service meal.

"Um...no, just coffee."

Logan pulled the second chair over, and she dropped into it. She caught his grin, which he tried unsuccessfully to hide behind the morning paper.

"What?"

"You're a little...pale this morning."

She took a welcome sip of coffee. "And again...it's that damn Macallan." The empty bottle was on the table, along with the champagne bottle, upended in the ice bucket, now full of melted ice water.

"Aye. It is." He leaned toward her, his voice soft. "But it was fun, right?"

She laughed. "Yes, very much fun."

"What are ye doing today then? At work, I mean."

"I have to decide...we have to, actually. Decide what to do about your case. Ryan has to go. I need to deal with that, file a motion to get Ryan taken off the case. I want to keep them on the defensive, not let them put us in that position."

"Lawyerly stuff. Right."

"What are your plans for the day?"

"Nothing much of anything. Letting the day take me where it will. Thought I might take you to lunch, if you wanted to go. We've never actually had a meal together in the daylight."

Melody pursed her lips. "Well, you can't come upstairs, but I can meet you in the lobby and we can go around the corner. There's a little deli I like. Back when I had the time, I'd go there. They have a wonderful roast beef sandwich with sauteed mushrooms."

"Then it's a date. One o'clock? I'll call you, give you the secret password and you can slip away."

She smiled and finished her coffee. "That works for me." She rose, leaning down to kiss the top of Logan's head as she passed.

He reached out and caught her, his arm around her hip. He held her against him briefly, his cheek against her stomach. He let her go, turning back to his paper.

"You okay?"

He shook his head. "I am. Just missing you already."

"But I'm not even gone." She ran the back of her hand down his arm, the skin warm to her touch.

"I know. I just...I miss you when you're not here."

Melody knelt beside his chair. "I think you're missing other things too. Like the band, and making music."

He nodded, distracted. "Aye. You're probably right. I miss the music, and my band mates too." There was a quick smile, a glint in his eye.

"But not, obviously, in the same way I miss you, Melody."

* * *

The morning passed quickly for Melody as she worked her way through the stacks of files on her desk, trying to avoid Victoria. Logan called her promptly at one and did slip away while Victoria was away from her desk, meeting Logan in the lobby. She'd brought along the envelope with the photographs Ashton had taken. They'd been completely forgotten, lying on the floor next to her purse, never even touched.

"I feel like I'm skipping school." She took Logan's arm as they walked down the sidewalk.

"It is nice being outside for a change, not locked away in the hotel."

They walked in silence for a few minutes. "Logan, you said something last night...about Scotland. About us, I mean. Living in a castle." She shook her head, fumbling for the right words.

"Was that just something you said, in the heat of the moment? Or was there something more to that?"

"I meant it, Melody. Every word I said. Especially the bit about no horses in the castle."

Melody tugged at his arm, laughing. "Be serious. Do you think about us, the future, after all this mess with the case is resolved?"

"I think about it all the time." He looked down at her. "I want you in my life, Melody. Wherever life that may be. If it's here, or Scotland, or between here and Scotland."

"Where would you want to live?" She was giddy at the thought of living with Logan, spending her life with him. Everything seemed new and fresh, with so many possibilities.

"Scotland's my home, ye ken. It's where I want to spend most of my time, where I want to have my family. But there's a need for me to have someplace here, in New York. It makes travel easier, if I have some place to call my own. As much as I like traveling, seeing new places, I like having some place other than a hotel to come back to. But I love Scotland, though. It is home."

They'd stopped in front of the deli. Logan sighed, his brows drawing together. "But, with the band apart, it's hard to know what will happen with the music. Or anything else, for that matter."

The deli was full of New Yorkers eating lunch. Melody grabbed a table and Logan went to the counter to get their lunch. She pulled the envelope of photos out of her purse, studying the images while she waited.

"Are those the photos Ashton took?" Logan set their lunch on the table.

"Yes. I wanted you to see them." She handed him the stack of pictures while she bit into her sandwich. He slowly looked through the stack, frowning at some, smiling when he came to the photo of him and Melody. He tapped the photo with his finger.

"Aye. I remember that kiss. You almost inhaled me."

"Do you notice anything different about that photo? Something that makes it different from the rest? Aside from me being in the picture?"

Logan set the photo of Melody in front of him, looking through the rest of the group again. He pulled out one, setting the remainder aside.

"I've seen enough paparazzi photos over time. This one..." He pointed to the photo of him eating dinner with another woman. "This was taken with a telephoto lens. It's in Paris. It's from outside the restaurant, through the front window, maybe from across the street." Logan pointed to the photo of them together.

"This one, of us, wasn't taken with a telephoto lens and it wasn't taken from outside. Someone was close to us, probably sitting at the bar. And they didn't have a camera. Might have used a cellphone."

Logan looked up from the photos. "I'd say this one wasn't taken by whoever took the rest. These were taken by professionals but the one of us was taken by an amateur."

She gathered the photos, sliding them back into the envelope. "That's what I thought too. I think Ryan took it. I think his obsession for me goes back further than I realized."

"Are you going to do anything with this?"

She shook her head. "No. They don't even pertain to your case. I think Ryan did get them from Ashton, for whatever reason, and then planted the one of us, as part of his plan to discredit me."

They finished lunch and Melody thought the walk back to her building was all too brief. She wanted to keep walking with Logan, enjoying the sunshine, being out with him. Free of all the worries that plagued them, at least for the moment.

"This was nice, Logan. Thank you. It's been so long since I've been out to lunch and being with you was even better."

Logan planted a quick kiss on her cheek. "I'm thinking less is more as far as kissing in public."

Melody shrugged. "I guess so. But..." She stood on tiptoe, reaching up to kiss Logan on the lips.

He was laughing when she pulled away. "You're a brave girl, Melody. Ye never know who might be watching."

She left him at the curb, getting into a cab. She watched it merge with traffic before she turned to enter the lobby. Her lips tingled from the kiss and her mind drifted back over the previous night, reliving certain moments, fragments of conversation coming back to her. Talk of castles and horses and being his princess. His queen.

In the elevator, she let herself get lost in the daydream. As the doors opened on her floor, she let out a sigh. Imagining herself living with Logan MacKenzie, in Scotland, in a castle...it all seemed too unreal. But reality intruded and she wondered with a start exactly where her law practice would fit into all of this, into any life she had with Logan.

She caught herself sighing again, shook her head and walked toward her office. Victoria was apparently still at lunch, her desk empty. Melody frowned. There was still the issue of Victoria's remarks from the other day and Melody chided herself for not remembering to talk to Joe Hunter about Victoria's inappropriate comments.

Tossing the photos and her purse on her desk, Melody stood by the window, looking down on New York traffic. Despite her resolve, her mind went back to Logan and thoughts of Scotland. I'm obsessed with this today. But just for a few more minutes...

A sound behind her made her turn. Victoria was standing at her desk, clutching the envelope of photos in her hand.

"You took these out of his file, out of the office." Victoria slowly pulled the photos out of the envelope. She ran her fingers over the glossy photos, her eyes riveted on the pictures.

"Yes. I'm not sure why that's your concern though." She walked behind her desk. "You can leave them here, I have the case..."

"You're in this photo." Victoria was shuffling through the photos frantically now and she pulled out the one with Melody and Logan.

"And again, I don't think that's any of your concern." Melody reached for the photos. "If you don't mind..."

"I do mind." Victoria's eyes met Melody's and Melody took a step back. "You're kissing him. No one kisses him. No one but me."

Victoria's face had grown flushed, her mouth set in a hard, thin line, her voice cold. Melody wasn't quite sure what was going on, but the woman suddenly scared her, deeply. She reached for the desk phone, but Victoria grabbed it out of her hand, throwing it to the floor.

"What are you doing? Are you crazy?" Melody tried to walk around the end of her desk to the door, but Victoria blocked her way.

"What am I doing? Something I should have done a long time ago."

Victoria picked up the sterling silver letter opener from the corner of Melody's desk. "I should have stopped you, long before now. As soon as I saw this."

Melody froze, slowly inching her way back behind her desk in an effort to keep the massive piece of furniture between her and Victoria.

"Stopped me from what?"

"This..." Victoria threw the photos on the desk, the picture of Melody and Logan on top of the pile. "I should have stopped this."

Victoria stabbed the letter opener into the picture, impaling Melody's image, driving the point of the opener into the top of the desk.

"You're the one he's seeing. Don't deny it. You had lunch with him today...you live with him, Melody. At his hotel. Every night, you go back to him."

"I don't...why would you think that?"

"Because I watch...I know things. I have people who watch for me. You're nothing...just like the rest of these women." Victoria waved her hand over the rest of the photos before pushing them and a stack of case files off the corner of the desk. Only the photo of Melody remained, firmly pinned to the desk.

"He's left them all. He'll leave you too. You're not good enough for him."

Victoria's face changed again, so rapidly Melody gasped. The hard line of her mouth softened, curving into a smile, and her voice had gone soft, almost a whisper. As if Melody weren't even in the room. "But he won't leave me. I won't let him. He'll love me."

Melody watched in disbelief as Victoria ran her fingers over the photo, tracing the outline of Logan's image. "We're meant to be together. You're just in the way."

In an instant Victoria's face changed, her eyes hard, her lips pressed together, her voice sending a chill down Melody's spine. "I can make you go away...and then he's mine." She grabbed at the letter opener, trying to pull it from the desk.

There was a knock at the door and then a man's voice. "Melody, there's no one outside..."

Melody looked up as the door opened. Ryan Marshall stood in the doorway, his eyes wide, mouth open.

Victoria succeeded in jerking the letter opener from the desk, holding it in front of her like a dagger. She advanced around the end of the desk toward Melody.

"Ryan..."

Victoria turned just as Ryan grabbed her from behind. Victoria brought the letter opener down in a wide arc and it slashed through the sleeve of Ryan's suit. He grabbed her wrist, twisting it sharply, the opener falling to the floor. He kicked it aside.

Ryan struggled briefly with Victoria before pinning her to the floor. Melody scrambled for the phone, dialing security with shaky fingers and managing to make herself understood, her words tumbling over each other, her voice barely audible.

"Help. I need help. This is Melody Lawson. I've been attacked in my office."

* * *

Someone handed her a glass of water. She took it with shaky hands, drinking some, spilling most of it on her lap.

"Here, I'll take that back."

She turned. Ryan was sitting next to her on a small couch in an office down the hall from hers. Her body tensed and she tried to slide away from him as he took the glass from her hand.

Everything had been...still was...confusing, shouts and loud noises, bangs and thumps, as security men rushed in and restrained Victoria. Ryan had walked over to her and pulled her up from the floor where she was crouched, bundling her out of her office and down the hall.

The police had finally arrived, and paramedics, and they had taken a hysterical Victoria out of the building, on a stretcher in restraints. Melody heard the woman screaming and had covered her ears, not wanting to hear any more of the woman's words.

"You're in shock. Here." He reached over, pulling the blanket wrapped around her up over her shoulders. She flinched, pulling away from him.

"I'm not going to hurt you, Melody." His voice was uncharacteristically gentle.

"You've been attacked, but you're safe here. I'm not the person you need to be worried about."

"But you...how...why are you here?" Her voice was small and flat, odd sounding to her own ears, and her hands were still shaking.

"I came to talk to you about the case. I tried calling, but no one seemed to know where you were, or where Victoria was. So I decided I'd make the trip over. I haven't seen you in a while. I missed you."

Melody felt her stomach lurch and was afraid she was going to be sick. Sitting this close to Ryan, after all he'd put her through, was intolerable.

"Could you sit somewhere else? I'm not comfortable with you this close...I'm not comfortable with you even being here."

Ryan handed back the glass of water, rose and pulled a desk chair next to the sofa. He sat down, regarding Melody carefully.

"Better?"

She nodded and her eyes went to his arm. He wasn't wearing his suit jacket and his white shirt was stained red with blood.

"Oh...Ryan...she stabbed you." Melody felt the blood drain from her face. She remembered Victoria slashing wildly with the letter opener.

Ryan looked down at his arm, shrugging. "She did. It's just a scratch. The guy from the ambulance wrapped it up. The jacket is a loss though. One of my favorites."

She wanted to be irritated by his smug behavior, but somehow it was strangely comforting. At least it wasn't unexpected. "Why are you here? How did you get in?"

"As I said, I'm here as an attorney representing a client who is involved in a suit with one of this firm's attorneys. I can be here. I haven't committed any crime."

"But you went missing, after...before. No one could find you." Melody sat up. "And Joe Hunter hadn't accepted your resignation. You can't represent Ashton."

Ryan waved his hand. "Semantics. It's all a moot point anyway."

"Moot? Why?"

"Ashton wants to settle. That was the reason I was coming to see you. I thought you'd want to know as soon as possible. And I wanted to tell you in person."

Melody sat back, stunned. "But why settle?"

"I told him to."

"You told him to? Why?"

"Because there's no financial incentive for me to take this to court. There's no percentage for me in losing a case. And he has no case. His financials are crap. He knows it, but he was too stubborn to give in and admit he got caught by his client with his hand in the cookie jar. I told him he'd lose the case, his reputation would be ruined and he'd be broke. If he settles, at least his reputation won't be quite as badly ruined and he'll keep some of his money."

"But why didn't his other attorney tell him that?"

"Bishop? Because Allan Bishop has no morals and would have dragged his client through a losing court case just on the off chance he could pull a win out of his ass, and get his own name in the papers. Give me some credit, Melody. I don't treat my clients badly."

Ryan waved his hand. "That's all over with, Melody. What I want to know is what the hell was going on here, with Victoria. I never would have hired her if I thought she was unstable, or that she could have hurt you in any way."

Melody sputtered out a harsh laugh. "But you and she...she's been your spy, Ryan. You hired her to spy on me." Melody was incredulous. There seemed to be no end to Ryan's lies. But she frowned at the shocked look on Ryan's face.

"Melody, I didn't hire her to spy on you. If I want to know things, I find them out myself. I hired her because her resume was on the top of the stack you gave to Hunter. I thought you'd decided she was the one you wanted. I was doing you a favor, or so I believed. There's no ulterior motive in what I did."

"You expect me to believe you? She's been telling you everything that happens here, everything I do, that Logan does. So you can use it against me."

Ryan scowled, shaking his head. "I don't know what I can tell you to make you believe me, but that's not how it is."

"But you've been obsessed with me, and jealous of Logan."

"Melody. Again, give me some credit. I may be obsessed and jealous, but I'm not crazy. The last thing I would ever have wanted was to hurt you. There's no fun in that...unless it's consensual."

Melody opened her mouth, not even sure what she could say to Ryan after a comment like that, but she was interrupted by a knock on the door. Joe Hunter stuck his head into the room.

"Melody. How are you? Is there anything you need?" He sat down at the end of the couch.

"No, I'm just confused." She glanced at Ryan. "I wonder what possessed her to attack me."

"Well, from the ranting and incoherent babbling on the way through the lobby, I would say she's a rather obsessed fan of Mr. MacKenzie. I walked out to the ambulance with her and all she kept repeating was that you were taking him away from her."

Joe held a slim manila folder and he extended it to Melody. "We found this in her desk drawer. It may explain things, if there is any explanation to be had here."

Melody opened the file. Inside were pages and pages of lists, written in tiny cramped handwriting. She squinted and then her eyes went wide.

"Melody, what is it?" Ryan leaned forward.

"It's everything I've ever said, anything at all that related to Logan. Snippets of conversations she and I had, transcriptions of phone conversations I had with Logan...all with the date and time." She flipped through the pages. "It goes back to her first day here. If someone said Logan's name, she wrote it down." She looked up at Ryan.

"You're in here too, Ryan. Everything... no matter how insignificant."

Melody pulled one page from the rest. The handwriting was different, a flowing and elegant script, the text almost like a diary entry. "And then this." She held up a single page, eyes scanning the paper.

"It looks like fantasy, make believe. Conversations with Logan, things he said to her...complimenting her on her clothes, telling her how beautiful she is." She closed her eyes, stuffing the paper inside and shutting the file abruptly. "I can't read anymore. She's got something written about hav**g s*x with him."

"Melody, I'm so sorry." Joe leaned forward, his hand on her shoulder. "Consider yourself on indefinite paid leave. Do you feel well enough to go home now? I can have someone drive you..."

She shook her head. "No, thank you, Joe. I'll call a cab."

"Are you sure? You really shouldn't be alone."

"I'll take her home...or wherever she wants to go."

Melody jerked her head in Ryan's direction. He held up his hand. "Really, Melody. It's the least I can do. I promise..." He held up three fingers. "Scout's honor, I will not do anything the least bit inappropriate."

"Ryan, I'm not sure that's appropriate." Joe turned to Melody. "Shall I call you a cab?"

Melody regarded Ryan for a moment.

"I think I'll take Ryan up on his offer, Joe. I'll be fine."

Joe left, muttering a final warning beneath his breath. Ryan watched him go.

"I can't say that I blame him." He turned back to Melody. "I'll go get the car and pick you up out front. Will you be alright getting downstairs?"

Melody nodded and stood, tentatively, feeling the strength return to her legs. She dropped the blanket on the couch and went to her office. She found her purse and took out her cell phone and called Logan. The conversation was brief.

"I'm coming home. Something's happened."

* * *

Ryan deposited her at the security door of the hotel. Logan was there, pacing back and forth and at the sight of him, tears began rolling down Melody's cheeks.

"I'll understand if you don't invite me in." Ryan's voice held its usual smug tone.

She turned to him, shaking her head. "You really are a piece of work, Ryan. Truly."

"I am. And now you'll never know what we could have had. I see you're smitten with him..." He nodded at Logan, who was walking toward Ryan's car.

"And you best get out. I don't feel like being assaulted a second time today."

Melody opened the door of the car, turning to Ryan. "Thank you for the ride, Ryan. I can't say it was good to see you, because it isn't. But you're the only hold I have on my sanity at the moment, odd as that seems."

Ryan's laugh startled her. " 'Better the devil you know than the angel you don't.' Or something like that? I get it. Now get out."

Logan was reaching for Melody's hand. "What is going on Melody? Are you alright? And what the hell are you doing here?" Logan was looking in at Ryan, tension evident in every muscle in his body. Melody put her hand on his arm.

"Logan, it's okay. He gave me a ride, that's all. I'll explain upstairs."

She slammed the car door and Ryan drove off. Logan watched the car for a moment before turning to Melody. He tried to pull her against him, but she put her hands on his chest, holding him at arm's length.

"Take me upstairs, Logan. I don't want to fall apart down here."

* * *

Logan had given her a glass of something strong to drink.

"Macallan? Does it fix everything?" She drank the last of the amber liquid, feeling the warmth spreading outward from her center. She'd finally stopped trembling, her sobs reduced to shaky breaths and hiccoughs.

"It's not Macallan. I'm not sure what it is." He was sitting next to her on the couch, after helping her change out of her clothes into a robe and then wrapping her in a blanket from the bed. She had clung to him, from the minute he'd closed the door, the pent up emotions finally letting go, her body shaking uncontrollably as she cried against him.

"What the hell happened?" He was holding her hand, chafing her knuckles with his fingers.

"Victoria...she wasn't someone Ryan knew. It turns out she was after you. She was a stalker. This was her way of getting close to you, I guess, working with me. But she figured out we were together, so she decided I should...that she would...so she tried to..." Melody's voice broke. Logan pulled her against his chest.

"Shhh...stop talking about it for now. She's gone, she's not here." He rocked her back and forth, settling her more firmly against him, murmuring Gaelic words into her hair. The warmth of the alcohol was working through her body, her knotted muscles finally relaxing. She closed her eyes, resting her head on Logan's shoulder.

He held her for a long time, his words changing slowly into a song, the same song he'd sung to her the other night. She tried to ask what the words were, but her mind and body were floating, and she let herself fall asleep in Logan's arms.

* * *

They'd been in Scotland for almost three weeks, Melody on indefinite leave from the firm. Logan had made good on his promise, taking her to the Highlands, to see remote lochs and mountains, and a cave, all of it wild and beautiful. She'd been entranced by everything she saw. There were times she couldn't even imagine going back to New York.

At night, they'd made love, endless times, on deep featherbeds with canopies overhead. They'd fallen asleep, wrapped in each other's arms, beneath soft eiderdown comforters. Melody couldn't remember a time she'd slept so deeply, or so much. Logan teased her that she was getting harder to wake up each morning, convinced his lovemaking was tiring her out.

"Even if that's the case, don't think I'm willing to get by with less. I'd rather have ye as many times as I want and get used to you sleeping late, than not have ye enough."

She stretched, breathing deeply. The scent of their lovemaking rose up around them, as heady as any perfume, making her want him again.

"It's all the fresh air and exercise, not you." She rolled over on top of Logan, pinning him to the bed. "Although you are wonderful, and I'm not complaining."

"Ye better not be complaining. You'd be wounding my male pride if ye did."

"Your male...pride seems to be just fine." Melody squirmed against Logan, giggling, as he thrust himself gently against her.

"Well, that...and my pride...are two different things, ye ken. That..." He slowly rocked his h*ps against her again "...works just fine, regardless if it's been insulted."

Melody shrieked in pleasure as Logan rolled over on top of her. "So, we'll just see how well this works then, shall we?"

* * *

Logan told her he had a surprise. They got up early and he drove her out of Inverness, north toward the sea. They stopped along the way for breakfast and then, not long after that, Logan drove down a winding lane, beneath trees that arched overhead. Through breaks in the trees, Melody saw glimpses of white buildings, briefly visible. He turned down a drive and a larger building appeared.

"Where are we?" She was looking out the window, up at the blue sky. For the first time in days, it was clear and sunny.

"I thought I'd show you a castle." Logan had been uncharacteristically quiet on the drive but Melody had been so engrossed in watching the ever-changing scenery she hadn't given it much thought.

"Does it have a name? Don't most castles have names?" Logan had stopped the car and she climbed out. The wind was cool but the sun shone brightly.

The castle was four stories, whitewashed, with a gray roof. There were several chimneys visible among the peaked rooflines, and there was a turret at the front. Melody looked up at the narrow windows, some with what looked like leaded glass. It was smaller than she thought a castle should be, but it was charming nonetheless.

"Aye. It does. Sometimes castles are named after their owners."

Melody turned to Logan. "And? Is this one named after someone famous?

"Well, I wouldn't say famous, but well enough known in this area."

"Is it open to the public? Can we go in?" There were no other cars that she could see and the only sounds she heard was birdsong and the rush of wind through the trees.

"It's a private residence. But, if you like..."

Logan had walked around the car and was standing next to Melody, looking up at the turret. He turned to her, taking her hand, turning it palm up. She felt something cold and heavy placed in her hand and she looked down. It was a key, a large iron key on a decorated fob.

"You asked if the castle had a name. If the current owner decides to name it after himself, it would be Castle MacKenzie. But I think that sounds a little pretentious. I'd rather just call it home."

She stared up Logan, unable to speak. "Logan?" She managed to stutter out his name.

"I bought you a castle, Melody. I hope you like it. It's a bit big, but there's room for us, for horses, if you want. You can have an office, I can have a studio."

He pulled her into his arms. "And there's room for as many children as we want."

"Logan...I don't know what to say."

"Say you'll live here with me."

Melody looked into Logan's eyes, saw the hope there, his love for her...and saw her future.

"Yes, Logan. I will. I'll live here with you."

* * *

The Iron Works was packed. Logan had escorted her to the front, to a table reserved just for her. He'd kissed her full on the lips in front of everyone, to a few cat calls and whistles from the band, and clapping from the crowd, before taking the stage.

She'd settled back in her chair, watching him perform, watching him interact with the crowd and the band. He was animated, telling jokes, gently chiding a smiling Angus for dropping his drumstick. They'd asked for requests from the audience and played song after song beneath the hot lights, until Logan was dripping with sweat.

He finally pulled a stool to the center of the stage, taking a long drink from a bottle of water.

"I want to thank all of ye for coming out tonight to hear us. We thought the last time we were here would be our last, but we're back. And we're together." He looked at each man in the band in turn, getting broad smiles and nods in return. Melody thought she saw Angus duck his head, swiping a hand across his face.

Logan turned back to the crowd, looking out over them, nodding to familiar faces.

"And to all of you, you're the reason we play. You're not just our fans, you're our family. And this is home."

He took another drink of water, setting the bottle on the floor. The stage lights dimmed, leaving Logan in the center spotlight, and Melody expected the guitar player to join Logan for the last few songs. But Logan remained standing alone.

"One more song. This is something I wrote recently, for a special person. She's here tonight, and this is for her."

Alone and unaccompanied, Logan started to sing. The words were in Gaelic and she didn't understand them, didn't need to, but the melody she'd heard before. He'd sung it to her once after they'd made love and again after the attack by Victoria.

The crowd was hushed, the words and melody washing over them. Melody felt tears gathering in her eyes and she tried to hold them back.

Logan walked to the edge of the stage, close to where she sat. He was looking down at her, singing to her, his voice pure and clear. And then she heard words she did know, did understand, the words Logan had said to her so many times.

Ta mo chroi istigh ionat.

My heart is within you.

