CHAPTER 1

Jamie heard Chase's feet behind her, heavy boots smacking the concrete. She ducked her head, doing her damnedest to pretend she didn't hear him. To pretend she didn't know what would happen if she turned around.

Jamie didn't turn around. She made it to Dale's car, clutching the leather strap of her purse in a white-knuckled grip. A part of her wanted to haul around and deck him. Another part wanted to turn around and kiss him, then take him somewhere, anywhere, and finish what they'd started.

She was tugging futilely at the locked car door when he caught up to her. His hand wrapped far too gently around her upper arm, near her armpit, his knuckles brushing her breast. She dragged a deep shuddering breath in, placed her palm on the window, refusing to turn around.

"What do you want, Chase?" Jamie hated how quivery and breathy and damned needy her voice sounded.

"You." His voice was raw, growling, as if the admission had been dragged out of his chest.

"Well, you can't have me."

"I know, but..." His grip tightened on Jamie's arm, and then he let go with a long, expelled breath. "That doesn't mean I'll ever stop wanting you."

She clenched her teeth and squeezed her eyes shut; the visceral pain in his voice tore at her heart.

"Chase..." Jamie could feel the intensity radiating off him, and she just had to turn in place to see his eyes. "God, you think I want-you think I don't-"

"Then why can't we make this work? Anna will be okay. She has Jeff. I'll be okay around her, if I have you."

Temptation raged through Jamie. "That's like...it's so wrong. I can't. I can't. It'd be ripping open wounds every time you two are in the same room."

She was standing against his chest, her hand curled up between them. She wasn't sure how that had happened, but it felt so right. And so wrong.

"It would get easier. Time heals all wounds, right? You heal the hurt inside me. You make it all go away."

Jamie blinked hard and bit her lip until it hurt. "Stop, Chase. Please stop. It would be a betrayal of Anna. My best friend. The one person I have in this world who's like family. I can't." The admission of her own feelings for Chase were on the tip of her tongue, and she choked them back. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."

She stepped away from him, and the hurt in his eyes deepened until Jamie thought she might be seeing the raw material of his very soul gleaming in the cracks of his heart, visible through his eyes. She felt a tear dragging down her cheek. Jamie knew this was the correct decision, but it still felt so wrong, so terrible. Chase was already hurt; she was only driving the dagger deeper.

She watched his eyes harden, watched as the shutters slammed down between them, between him and the world.

"Fine. I get it. You're right. She's your best friend. Your family. I'm just...some guy, right? I wish you all the best, Jamie." His voice was dead and cold, his words like stones. He turned and walked away.

"Chase, no, it's not like that. You're not just some guy, you're-"

He spun around so fast it startled her. "Don't, Jamie. Don't mitigate it. Okay? You can either heal me, or hurt me. Not both. That's not an ultimatum, it's just facts. I'm not going to try to make you choose between me or her."

"But that's exactly what you are doing."

"You're doing it, not me. I think it would work. I think it would be tough, but eventually, it would be okay."

"No, it wouldn't!" She slumped back against the door of the car, struggling for breath, for control. "Why do you have to make this so much harder on me?" Jamie slid along the side of the car, away from him; his nearness was intoxicating, suffocating. "What do you want to hear from me? Yes! I want you! Is that what you want to hear? But this cannot happen! I can't betray my best friend like that. Not even for you."

Chase backed away, his eyes dark, fathomless chasms. "Message received, Jay. Loud and clear. I won't bother you anymore." And then he turned away again.

He walked back into the building, shoulders tense, palm scrubbing frantically over his scalp. Jamie let him go, the hurt she could feel from him as powerful as the hurt inside herself.

He'd called her "Jay." No one but Anna ever called her that.

After Chase was gone, Jamie texted Lane, begging him to get her home. Lane appeared a few minutes later with Dale's keys and drove Jamie to her car. He didn't ask her any questions, didn't say a word the entire drive from Harpo's to Lane Bryant. He just drove, one hand on her knee. When he pulled up next to her car, he unbuckled his seatbelt and leaned over to hug her. She clung to his neck and choked back her tears, focusing on breathing until she had control over herself again.

"Thanks, Lane."

He nodded and kissed her cheek. "You know I love you, sweetie, and you know I'm here for you."

"I know." She pulled away and opened the car door, swung a leg out. "I'll call you later and we'll talk, okay?"

Lane smiled. "No worries, kitten. Just take care of yourself?"

She made it home without breaking down, somehow. She made it into her bed before unleashing a torrent of tears that didn't stop until she was simply too exhausted to weep anymore.

Anna showed up. "Jay?" she called from the kitchen. "Something told me you needed company."

Jamie didn't answer. She felt Anna's weight on the bed next to her, then fingers brushing curls away from her eyes.

"What happened, Jay?"

Jamie could only shake her head. "Just...life sucks."

Anna sighed, an irritated huff. "Jamie. Why aren't you talking to me? There's something big going on with you, and you're holding out on me. I'm starting to get mad."

"I can't tell you, Anna. It's complicated."

"Meaning you're afraid."

"Shitless."

Anna didn't answer right away. When she did, her voice sounded distant. "Okay, well, I can't make you talk to me. You know I love you. You know I'd never judge you."

Jamie sat up and faced Anna, working her feet beneath her into a cross-legged position. "Anna, please. Listen. It's not that...I don't know...it's not that I don't trust you or that I want to keep things back from you. You know I tell you everything-"

"Except the one thing that I've ever seen make you cry on a regular basis." She gestured at the bed they both sat on. "I've found you here, in your bed, bawling, more times over the last few months than in all the years I've known you. And we've been friends forever."

Jamie didn't know what to say. She fidgeted with a loose thread on her comforter. "Anna-god. I want to tell you. You're my best friend. You're the only one I've ever been able to tell everything to. But this is...it's f**ked up, Anna."

"Are you in some kind of trouble?"

"No, it's nothing like that. It's just..."

"What? Just what?" Anna jerked the ponytail holder out of her hair, untangling her blonde locks with her fingers before smoothing it back and retying it. "I'm not gonna ask again, okay? If you won't tell me, fine. I get it."

Jamie flinched at the hardness in Anna's voice. "Why does this feel like a turning point between us? Like if I don't tell you, things won't be the same between us?"

Anna shrugged, a tiny lift of one shoulder. "I'm not trying to make demands or ultimatums or whatever. I just...I guess I sense this somehow has something to do with me, and I'm worried."

Jamie sighed, a frustrated expulsion of breath. "God. I need vodka."

"Me, too."

"No, I mean for real. If I'm going to do this, I'm going to need vodka." Jamie wiggled off the bed, wiping her face.

"Do what?"

"Tell you all of this."

Anna twisted to watch Jamie scrub the smeared makeup off her face at the en suite bathroom sink. "You're going to tell me?"

"I guess I have to. It does concern you. And...if I'm going to lose him over you, I might as well tell you, right?"

A pregnant pause, and then the question, in a low, tense voice: "Him?"

Jamie shook her head. "Vodka first." The two women went into the kitchen, and Jamie pulled a bottle of Grey Goose from her freezer. "I've been saving this for an emergency. I think this qualifies."

She poured two generous measures into a pair of juice glasses, then a hint of orange juice over them. She knocked hers back immediately and poured a second while Anna sipped hers more slowly.

"Jeez, Jay. Don't get drunk without me." Anna tried to laugh, but the worry in her eyes had Jamie swallowing the last of her second shot and pouring a third.

Jamie poured juice over the third measure and leaned back against the kitchen counter across from Anna. "Not drunk. Just tipsy enough to be able to get this out." She sipped, and then set the glass next to her. "Just remember when I'm telling you this, that nothing actually happened, okay?"

Anna frowned. "Okay...?"

"In Vegas, when you left the casino...the Six Foot Tall show. You gave me the backstage pass. I'm not sure what I intended to do, but...I ended up in Chase's dressing room. You should have seen him, Anna-well, I guess I'm glad you didn't. He was so broken up. I just...I hated seeing him hurt. I mean, you could see how upset he was from the audience. I just wanted to make sure he was okay, you know?"

"What happened, Jay?"

"It was like...being hit by a bus. Something about him just struck me, deep inside. You know? It was more than his looks or charisma. I remember how you talked about him. Like he's got this magical presence. You just can't help yourself when he's around-he just takes over a room."

Anna's voice was quiet. Too quiet. "I remember."

"Well, this was more than that. It was...something totally different."

"Are you in love with Chase, Jamie?"

Jamie sucked down vodka, coughing before answering. "Maybe. I don't know. I haven't let myself think that far." She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. "We kissed. In Vegas, backstage. I've never felt anything like it in all my life, Anna. I'm sorry. I can't even pretend to know how this is making you feel, but you wanted the truth."

"I'm not sure this is what I was expecting."

"Yeah, how could you, right?"

"How could I expect it? Or how could you do this to me?'"

Jamie shrugged, looking at Anna over the top of her glass. "Both?"

"I honestly don't know. Maybe I am thinking both. Keep going."

"Well, it was like that one kiss was more...I don't know...more intimate, or meaningful than anything I've ever shared with another guy in my entire life. Like that one kiss was...a promise of everything he and I could have, and god...it was like an earthquake, it was so intense."

"Damn, Jay."

"Yeah. Damn. But then I remembered who it was I was kissing. I ran. I mean...of all the people in the world for me to finally feel a real connection with, it had to be him? Of course it did."

"So that was it?"

Jamie snorted. "Not hardly. I told him I couldn't do it, couldn't let anything happen between us. You're my best friend, and he's your ex. No way. Taboo, right?"

"Right." Anna's voice was oddly strained.

"So I managed to get away from him, which was like ripping out a chunk of my heart. We had your wedding and went home, and I worked my ass off, got the promotion. I tried to forget."

"And then you got drunk and had an accidental threesome with a pair of neanderthal potheads."

"Yeah. Fucking awful. Especially since it didn't help. It just made it worse. And not just because they weren't Chase, which was bad enough, but because even though we weren't together, I still felt like being with those two gumps was like cheating on Chase. Stupid, but it's how I felt, and it was rotten."

Anna rubbed her face. "God, Jay. No wonder you were so upset that night."

"Yeah." Jamie finished her vodka and poured a fourth, seeking oblivion, even though she knew it would never come. "I managed to bury myself in work enough to almost feel like I was moving on, and then Lane and the gang showed up after work tonight and dragged me out with them."

"Uh-oh."

"Yeah. They had an extra ticket to a show. They didn't tell me who was playing and I didn't ask, 'cause why should it matter, right?"

"Right. But let me guess. It was Chase."

"Bingo. So he brought me backstage this time, and we had another moment. It was all tortured and angsty and shit. We kissed again, and it was just as epic as the first time, only more so. I can't even put it into words. I never wanted to stop. I..." Jamie set the glass down and rubbed her face with her hands. "Anna, I swear, I never meant for this to happen. I don't know how it did happen. But I can't get him out of my head, no matter how hard I try."

Anna seemed to be at a loss for words. "Jay, I'm not even sure what to say, or what to think, or how I'm supposed to feel about this."

"Sshh-yeah. Tell me about it."

"I mean, in one sense, I want to be happy for you, but on the other side, you're my best friend and Chase is my ex. If I had to see him every time you and I got together, or something...it'd be impossible. It would hurt. I broke his heart, Jay. I did. He has every right to be pissed off at me. To never want to see me again. And I hate that I hurt him." Anna's eyes were downcast, as if the depths of her mixed drink contained some kind of answer to the situation.

There was a long silence then, during which both women sipped their drinks and tried to figure out what to say next.

Eventually, Anna broke the silence. "If he's what you want, Jamie, I'll deal with it. I love you enough to make it work."

Jamie groaned. "I already-shit. I already told him it could never work. I couldn't do that to you, Anna. I broke his heart again."

"For me?" Anna said, her words barely a murmur. "Because of me?"

"Not just-I mean, yeah, sort of. You're my best friend. You have such an intense history with him, and..." Jamie turned away and rummaged in the fridge, emerging with a bottle of cranberry juice. "I've had enough drama in my life. I don't need a relationship predicated on the kind of intense bullshit anything between Chase and me would come with."

"But, Jay...this is breaking your heart, too. I can see it."

Jamie shook her head. "It's done. Maybe in another life we could've...I don't know. It's moot now. He's gone."

Anna crossed the kitchen and wrapped her arms around Jamie. "Oh, god, honey. I'm so sorry. I wish I could-I don't know. I just wish it was different for you."

"Me, too." Jamie whispered the words so quietly they were barely audible.

* * *

Jamie sat alone in a bar an hour's drive from anywhere she knew. She'd been working sixty-hour weeks for nearly three months straight, working close-open shifts, doubles, extra inventory shifts, then working out at a twenty-four-hour gym, only going home when she was so exhausted she could barely make it through a shower before collapsing into bed.

Even still, she dreamed of him. She saw him on a stage, dark eyes boring into her, sweat running down his temple, down his chiseled cheek. She felt his scalp under her palms, woke up with her hands tingling from the vivid memory/dream of their stolen kisses. She woke up damp between her thighs, frustrated and alone and angry.

So, one day, she called in sick and drove away, pointing her car north on I-75 and just going. She blasted HIM and Hinder, Mumford and Sons and The Fray and everything on her favorite playlist until she was almost out of gas, and then she pulled off the interstate and found a bar.

And then she drank.

And drank some more.

She was in that pleasant place between buzzed and drunk, far enough gone to not care about what happened next, but sober enough to enjoy it. It was six in the evening on a Tuesday, so the bar-a just-off-the-freeway dive bar-was sparsely populated by a few isolated truckers and a table of drunk locals wearing John Deere hats and stained blue jeans. The only person of interest was a man who seemed to be none of the above, someone out of place, like Jamie. He was sitting at the end of the bar, a fitted baseball cap with a curved bill pulled low, sandy hair curling up from under the back edge. She couldn't see much else, but his jeans were dark and tight and clean, and his arms seemed thick and muscular, stretching the sleeves of his T-shirt.

Jamie pretended to watch the Lions-Falcons game, checking him out in brief sidelong glances. He never really looked her way, but she thought he might be doing the same as she was, watching her out of the corner of his eye.

Maybe I just need another distraction, she thought.

Then she mentally snorted, knowing it would be futile. She also knew she was going to go through with it anyway. She could tell from the way his finger traced patterns in the sweat on his beer bottle that he was preparing to make a move.

Yep, here it comes.

He stood up, strolled over to her, and sat down next to her. He lifted his beer bottle and tipped it toward her. "To passin' through, yeah?" He had a British accent, which did something fluttery to her stomach and made her toes curl in a way she hadn't felt in a long time.

Jamie clinked her glass of shiraz against his. "To passing through."

They both sipped, and then Jamie let herself give him a long once-over. He was hot, that was for damn sure. Gorgeous, piercing blue eyes in a classically beautiful face. His hands were strong-looking but manicured, large enough to make his Coors bottle seem small.

"So, where're you from, Blue?" he asked, his voice deep enough to pleasantly rumble in her ear.

She quirked an eyebrow at him. "Blue?"

He laughed. "It's an Aussie thing. People with red hair get called 'blue.' Haven't the foggiest why, though."

"You sound British."

"Well, I am. But my mum's from Perth, and I spend summers with her, so I've picked up a few mannerisms."

"You still spend summers with your mom?" Jamie said, amused but slightly worried.

He just laughed again, an infectious, unselfconscious sound that made her grin. "Not like you're thinking. I take a month every summer and go on holiday to visit her."

Jamie lifted an eyebrow at him. "You take a month-long vacation every year?"

He shrugged. "It's not uncommon, actually. For Europeans, at least. You Yanks are so obsessed with work you never take more than two weeks. A month is standard for most of Europe."

Jamie sighed wistfully. "A whole month off? God, I'd kill for that."

"Make it happen, then."

She shook her head. "I wish, but no. It's pretty much impossible." Jamie stuck her hand out to him. "I'm Jamie."

"Ian." His handshake was firm but gentle, his hand swallowing hers.

Jamie felt another flutter in her belly. Maybe this distraction would be more effective than she'd anticipated.

"So, Ian, where are you headed?"

He shrugged. "Actually, this is the time of year I'm usually in Australia, but Mum is traveling this year, so I came to America for my holiday."

Jamie laughed. "You came to Buttfuck, Michigan, on a vacation?"

"Is that the name of this place?" Ian asked, laughing. "I knew you Yanks were weird, but that really takes the cake. Kind of a strange name for a town, innit?"

Jamie found herself giggling. "I know you must get this a lot, but your accent is hot."

Ian swigged from his beer. Jamie got the sense he might be embarrassed.

"I might have gotten that before, yeah." He grinned at her, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. "So...feel your panties dropping, then? 'Cause that's what one bloke told me, just this week past. He said, 'Your accent is a panty-dropper, man.'" He said the last part in a passable American accent, which Jamie found supremely odd-sounding.

Jamie shrugged nonchalantly. "Keep talking, and we'll see what happens."

"So your knickers are feeling a bit loose, then?"

"I'm not sure I'm wearing knickers."

Ian choked on his beer. "I didn't take you for that sort of girl, Jamie. Knickers is just another word for panties."

Jamie laughed. "Oh. Well, I am wearing panties, yes. But they might be feeling the slightest bit wiggly. Especially if you buy me another round."

Ian lifted his bottle at the bartender, then gestured at Jamie's glass, holding up one finger. "In that case, we should toast to sexy accents and dropping panties." He chuckled, making it seem like a joke.

Jamie clinked her glass against his bottle again, laughing with him. As she sipped, she wondered if he had any idea how close to the truth their toast was.

I'm back to my old tricks, I guess, she thought. 'Cause I'm about to take this boy back to his hotel and f**k him silly.

She let him buy her a few more drinks, discovering over the course of two more hours that he was an IT consultant, and he was actually in Michigan on a mix of business and pleasure. He'd finished his contract in Detroit and had decided to venture northward with no real destination in mind. She also discovered that he was an only child, unmarried, and that he lived in London.

A couple more rounds revealed that he was staying in a motel just down the street from the bar.

"So, Jamie. What are your plans for the rest of the evening?" Ian asked.

"Don't really have any," she admitted.

She'd managed to avoid answering too many questions. Mainly, she didn't want to admit she was trashed in a bar hours from anywhere.

"Well, why don't you come back to my room with me?" Ian said. "Just...you know, till you sober up a bit?"

Jamie nodded, trying to calm her hammering heart; she wasn't sure why she was nervous, but she was. Being nervous was a good thing. "Sure. Sounds good."

"I hope you don't mind a bit of a walk, though," Ian said as he stood up, "seeing as I didn't drive from the hotel."

"No, that's fine. Probably do me some good."

"That it will, love. You seem a mite wobbly, if you don't mind me saying."

Jamie laughed as she stood up, swaying unsteadily. "Yeah, just a mite." She exaggerated her unsteadiness, using it as an excuse to wrap her hand around Ian's arm. "Mind if I hold on to you?"

Ian glanced down at her; standing up, he towered more than six inches over her. "Not a bit. Wouldn't want to go and have a spill, now, would we?"

Jamie just shook her head in response, concentrating on the feel of his thick arm, corded with muscle. It was a nice sensation. He smelled good, too, she realized, leaning into him. Faint cologne, not overpowering, a spicy, male scent, along with deodorant, and that other more indefinable scent of clean man.

Ian laugh rumbled through her. "Did you just sniff me?"

Jamie giggled in embarrassment. "Um. Maybe? Shut up. You smell good." She leaned in again and sniffed at his shirt. "A man who smells good is as much of a panty-dropper as a sexy accent."

"So...if I've got both..."

Jamie glanced up at him through her lowered eyelashes. "I plead the Fifth?"

Ian just snorted. "The Fifth Amendment is an American thing, love. I'm British, so it doesn't work on me."

"Oh, damn."

Ian didn't push it, and she let it go. She had to be a little hard to get, after all. Right, she thought. 'Cause this is hard to get.

They were following the main road, walking across parking lots and stretches of yellowing grass, cars whizzing by to and from the freeway. A hotel sign about a quarter mile down announced their destination. They reached it after a few more minutes of walking in a surprisingly companionable silence.

Ian led her to a ground-floor room, unlocking the door and throwing it open with a flourish. "It's not much, but...well...that's it, really. It's a hotel room. Sorry I can't offer you better."

"We are in Buttfuck, Michigan. I can't really expect the Ritz, can I?" Jamie said.

She didn't spare the room much of glance; it was the same as any Best Western anywhere in the country. There was a pile of clothes on the bed, and Ian rushed over and scooped them into a Samsonite suitcase, which he closed and tossed into a corner.

"Sorry about that," he mumbled. "Wasn't expecting company."

"No problem," Jamie said.

An awkward silence ensued, in which Jamie wondered how long she should wait before attacking him with her face. Ian seemed, if Jamie was any judge, to be wondering the same thing.

"I'm not as drunk as you think," Jamie blurted. "I mean...I was kind of hamming it up. So I could hold on to you."

She heard the words coming out but couldn't seem to stop them. Embarrassment was shooting through her, centered in her belly as a knot of nerves. She hadn't been nervous around a guy in...a very long time. Since high school, probably. Even with Chase she hadn't been actually nervous; she'd been anxious, flooded with uncontrollable need and burning desire. She'd been mixed up around Chase, an emotional wreck, a physical mess. He turned her inside out and upside down and set everything about on fire.

Ian was different. He was...comforting. Familiar, somehow. And yet, she was nervous. She wanted him, but she didn't want it to be like all the guys she'd picked up at the bar. He was only in the U.S. for a month, she assumed, so it was a limited-time offer only. Maybe that was the source of her nerves. She wasn't really sure. She only she knew she didn't mind being nervous. It was a new feeling, something besides the ache in her heart and the coiled knot of need low in her belly.

Ian regarded her with something like amusement. "Yes, I'm aware. I wasn't going to say anything, since it seemed to be working in my favor."

Jamie shifted her weight from one foot to the other. "This is where I say 'I'm not usually this kind of girl,' except...I kind of am."

Ian lifted an eyebrow, the corner of his mouth quirking up in a smile. "Well, I guess we're evenly matched, then, because I'm in the same boat, more or less."

Jamie laughed. "Un-mix your metaphors, Shakespeare."

"I just mean I'm supposed to say something like, 'I don't normally bring girls home from the pub,' but I do, rather often, actually. I'll admit I'm relieved you said it first, though."

Jamie relaxed then. She sat on the edge of the bed, her purse still hanging from her shoulder, and glanced at Ian. "I'm in the middle of a big internal conflict, actually. Not about you, exactly, just...life. Myself. This tendency of mine to go home with guys from the bar. I promised myself I wouldn't do this anymore. But then there was this guy...and it was all Shakespearean forbidden love and whatever. So now that's over and I'm trying to go on with my life, but it's not that easy and you're here and I'm here, and-"

Ian crossed the space between them in a single stride, kneeling between her thighs and kissing her suddenly, silencing her. His hands were on her legs, and he tasted like beer and faintly of spearmint gum. "I get it, Jamie. I do. You don't have to explain."

Jamie wasn't sure what to say, for once. She wanted to explain. She wanted him to understand what he was getting into, but she wasn't sure what it was herself. It didn't feel like a one-time-only hookup, and nothing had even happened yet. They both clearly knew the score. They both knew how it was supposed to go: They'd fuck, and then Jamie would sneak out at some point in the early hours of the morning and walk back to her car. Only...she didn't want to.

She kissed Ian back, hesitantly, exploring the sensation of lips on lips, his hands daring up her thighs to curl around her h*ps inches above her ass. She felt butterflies in her stomach at his touch. She was looking forward to feeling him peel her shirt off, strip her of her jeans. It wasn't fire in her belly, but it was enough.

Ian might even be more than a distraction, she thought. She could run with that.

When he pulled away to slide up onto the bed next to her, Jamie kicked her shoes off and set her purse on the floor. She watched as Ian untied his shoes and tossed them near the table by the window.

"Ian?"

"Yeah?" He sat cross-legged and barefoot in the middle of the bed, combing his fingers through his shaggy blond hair.

"What if I said I didn't want to do the walk of shame tomorrow morning?"

He shrugged. "Then don't."

She picked at a loose thread on the comforter. "I mean...wake up here, tomorrow. I mean, we both know how this usually goes. This is your hotel room, so normally I'm the one who's supposed to sneak out at four a.m. But...I don't want to. I'm not sure what that would make this between us, but...yeah. What if I just want to do things differently?"

Ian nodded. "Ah. I...you know, normally that would make me rather uncomfortable. We've been honest with each other thus far, so I'll go ahead and continue the trend. I actually asked a girl to leave once. She was just...lingering. All bloody morning, she was there. Tea and breakfast, and checking her email and whatever, and I just wanted to tell her that wasn't how it worked. So I asked her if she would mind being on her way. I said I had business to take care of, only it was Sunday and I didn't. I felt like rubbish all the rest of the day. I kept seeing her disappointed face, like she thought we were going to be something and it was awkward. I hated that. I've never gone looking for a relationship, you know? I had one once. A serious one, too. Introduced her to Mum and Dad and went on holidays with her, all that rot. It was nice for bit, having someone to come home to, someone to watch the telly with." Ian's accent, fairly unpronounced until then, had grown stronger. "She was a beautiful girl, Nina was. Great in the sack. But...she was a slob around the flat. Couldn't make a decent cup of tea to save her life, either. And it was shite like that that did us in. The little things. No one cheated on anyone, we never really fought, and I really did enjoy having her around, but it was just...it wasn't right, you know?"

Jamie nodded, unsure where he was going with it. "Relationships are hard," she said, just to fill the silence. "I'm never sure how they're supposed to work. I always feel like it should be just sex, and he obviously thinks it's something more, but I never know what it's supposed to be, you know? Like, it's fun, and they're nice, and it's great not being alone at home all the time, but..."

"What's the point?" Ian finished for her.

"Exactly. If it's not just sex, and we're not getting married, what's the point?" Jamie pulled the thread free, popping seams until she had a few inches of clear thread like thin fishing line. "So...yeah. I guess I'll go, then. I really don't want to do the whole hook-up thing. I'm tired of it. I don't know what I do want, but I know I don't want that." She stood up, slipping a toe into her sneaker.

Ian looked up sharply, confusion on his face. "Go? No, that's not what I meant. I'm not sure why I said that. I shouldn't have told you all that. I'm sorry." He scooted across the bed and pulled her down by the hand so she was sitting on his lap. "Stay. Please? Stay here tonight. Let's both of us try something new. No expectations either way. You don't do the walk of shame, and I won't wake up alone, stuck somewhere between relieved and disappointed."

"So no expectations either way?"

"Right."

"I can do that." She let herself settle onto his lap, wrapping her arms around his neck. "I have to warn you, though, I'm pretty sure I'd make a shitty cup of tea."

"I drink coffee, too." Ian grinned, sliding his hands under the hem of her shirt to touch the skin on her back.

Jamie explored the muscles of his shoulders and back through his shirt. "Well, you're in luck then, 'cause I make a killer pot of coffee."

His lips touched her neck on the side an inch above her shoulder, then moved down to her throat, kissing the hollow at the base of her throat. Jamie let her head fall back, feeling an exhilarating rush of pleasure at the touch of his mouth on her flesh. She found the bottom edge of his shirt and lifted it up over his head, tossed it aside, then resumed her roaming of his torso with her palms. His skin was fair and smooth, his body toned and muscular, but not overly developed. He continued kissing her throat, then slid to the right, moving the neck of her shirt aside to touch his lips to her shoulder blade. With his other hand he touched her belly, dragging his fingers upward, lifting her shirt as he went. Jamie pulled back and raised her arms over her head, and Ian drew the fabric off, tossing it aside.

His gaze roved over her body, her full br**sts held in by the red lace of her bra. "You're very beautiful, Jamie." He reached up and brushed one of the bra straps off her shoulder. "Very beautiful indeed."

Jamie glanced away. "Thanks."

His fingers slid the other strap off, and then he was unhooking the back with one hand, his eyes never leaving hers. Jamie held his gaze as her br**sts fell free, and then her eyes slid shut involuntarily when his fingers grazed the underside of one breast. She clutched his forearm, and he cupped the heavy weight of one breast in his hand, then pinched the nipple between two fingers, rolling it. Jamie let herself gasp. She wriggled her bottom on his lap, feeling his erection thickening. Slipping sideways off him, Jamie lay back and pulled Ian down over her, tangling her fingers in his hair as he dipped in to kiss her lips. She felt her pulse quicken as their lips met. Butterflies again, more of them now, fluttering in her belly.

She slid her palms down his spine, curved around his waist and found the button of his jeans, popped it open and unzipped his fly. He was on his hands and knees over her, his palms by her face and his knees on either side of her hips. She pushed his pants down and he lifted up to let her get them off. She grasped his shaft in her hand, her pulse go from a rabbiting patter to a hammering thunder. He was well-endowed, thick, straight, pointing away from his belly. She slid her fist down his length, then paused at the base as he lowered his mouth to her breast, and she gasped when he sucked her nipple between his teeth. He reached between them and stripped her of her jeans quickly, then let his fingers roam along the outside of her hip, running in along the swell of her hipbone, across the dip where leg met groin, then down between her thighs.

Jamie let her legs fall apart, stroking his length as he slid a single finger along her crease. She reveled in the sensation of a man who knew what he was doing. He didn't just plunge in, but let the tip of his finger tease her, dragging up and down her p**sy before probing in, ever so gently at first, then more and more, until his finger was inside her to the first knuckle, and then the second. She rubbed her thumb over the tip of his cock, drawing the pre-come out and smearing it over him with her fingers. Jamie let her hand move down to cup his balls, testing their weight, exploring them gently before resuming her slow and steady stroking of his cock.

He circled her cl*t with his middle finger, slowly, teasingly, then brushed the nub quickly, once, twice, and then she was arching her back and whispering a moan. He had her moments away from coming already, and they were just starting. This boded well. He slipped his fingers deeper into her, curling in to unerringly find her G-spot, then flicked his fingertips across it, pushing her closer to the edge, rubbing it, and now she was there, right there...Ian added his thumb, pressing it lightly against her clit, and that was all it took. Jamie gasped, shuddering, as the orgasm ripped through her. She pulsed her fist on his c*ck as she came, and then when the waves lessened, she pulled him toward her.

Ian pulled away. "Wait...wait. My trousers. I have a rubber in my wallet." He hung off the bed and dug his wallet out of his jeans while Jamie watched.

She was on the pill, obviously, but she didn't stop him. An aftershock rippled through her, and she pulled him to her as he sat up with the wrapper in his hand, moving toward her.

She took the condom from him, ripped it open, and slowly rolled the latex over his cock. He moved his h*ps into her grip, then settled himself over top of her again. He paused, his ocean-blue eyes pinning hers, and his mouth opened as if he was going to speak. She met his gaze evenly, waiting for him to say whatever was on the tip of his tongue. But he didn't. He just smiled at her, a half-curve of his lips, and then swiveled his h*ps to caress her nether lips with the tip of his cock. Once again, he didn't simply drive in but took his time, weight on one elbow, the other brushing her red curls away from her eyes and drifting down to cup her breast.

She ran her fingers through his coarse blond hair, then down his back, and cupped his firm ass, pulling at him, wanting him inside her.

He just shook his head. "Not just yet."

She didn't answer, held onto the hard globes of his ass and waited. His strong hand explored her body as he probed into her p**sy with slow, soft rolls of his hips, teasing, teasing, and now he was inside her but only a few inches, and oh, god, he was right at her G-spot, gliding into her and away, sliding across that perfect place in a deliciously slow rhythm, driving her already orgasm-sensitive flesh wild. She clawed her fingers into the muscle of his ass, wanting to pull him in, pull him harder, but instead she merely held on and let him go at his own pace.

She felt his c*ck thickening inside her, felt his pulse beating hard against her chest, felt his muscles quivering and sweat sheen his pale skin as he moved inside her, slow, then a few quick strokes, then slow again until she was almost mad with frustration, wanting him to settle above her and drive in hard. But he didn't. She wrapped her legs around his h*ps and pulled at him, but he only laughed into her mouth, kissed her, and moved slower and more unpredictably than ever.

"Goddammit, Ian. Just-oh, god, that feels good. Just f**k me. Hard." Jamie whispered the words raggedly, her h*ps now fluttering against his with a life of their own, pushing in when he pulled away, pulling away when he began to drive in.

"You want me to f**k you hard?" Ian adjusted his position so he was directly over her now, his palms next to her ears and his h*ps between her thighs, his mouth next to her ear. "Is that what you want, Jamie?"

She clung to him, shuddering as the waves of her second orgasm began to tremble low in her belly. "Yes, Ian. Yes. Fuck me hard. I'm so close."

He planted a kiss on her neck and drove into her, deep, hard. Jamie whimpered, meeting his thrust with her own. "Like that?"

"Yes...yes...just like that. Again." Jamie arched her back, planting her heels to get herself closer, to get him deeper.

But he didn't drive in hard again. He fluttered at her entrance, shallow bursts near her G-spot, pushing against the ribbed flesh there until sensation overwhelmed her and she flopped back to the bed, whimpering helplessly, mad with need, close to orgasm but not there, while a new kind of detonation crashed through her, not quite orgasm, but like it. It was an emotional sensation, something entirely wrapped up in Ian, in this experience with him.

Ian shifted again, moved upward and began thrusting slow and deep, his body close to hers, and now she felt true release build up, pressure rising as his pubic bone slid along her clit, his shaft moving deep inside her.

It was then that Jamie recognized the emotion tangled up with the physical release: relief.

She had been worried she would never be able to truly enjoy being with a man if it wasn't-she stopped herself from even thinking the name-if it wasn't him. Even though she'd never actually been with him, she was worried no one else would be able to meet her needs, to spark her desire the way he did.

This, with Ian, was as close as she'd ever come to the intense welter of desires he ignited with Jamie. It wasn't the same, but it was close. And it was good.

She shook the thoughts free, feeling Ian begin to move with increasing desperation now, driving harder, if not faster. She was close, again. The pressure was a balloon inside her, pent-up need, layers of frustration building layer upon layer like a pearl in an oyster. The first orgasm had only added to the buildup, and now she was nearing a second, and felt a dizzying fear that this too would only add to the snowball effect.

It was just there, suddenly, that pulsating inferno of frustration, stress, pent-up need. It had been building up within her ever since she first saw Chase in the back room in Las Vegas, and now that she saw it for what it was, she couldn't see or feel anything else. It was like panic. She needed release, but she didn't think mere orgasm would do it; this was emotional in nature, internal, mental, psychological, not physical. The first orgasm Ian had given her had only put more on top of the pile. This second one was going to be intense, and Jamie found herself hoping desperately that it would give her the relief she needed. She felt doubt sneaking up on her, though.

The pressure mounted, and Ian's thrusts grew frenzied, his back arching and beaded with sweat. She clung to his shoulders and met him thrust for thrust, her legs around his hips, pleasantly filled by him, his tip striking her at just the right angle to give her the most pleasure. She heard herself moaning, felt the intensity building, felt the waves rolling through her. Jamie bit Ian's shoulder as she came, raked her nails down his back and cried out. The explosion of physical release made her writhe and cling even tighter to Ian, and then she was sent further into abandon when she felt him come moments after her, groaning and burying his face in her neck, grinding madly into her, and then they were still together.

Ian rolled off and lay next to her, breathing heavily. "Bloody hell, Jamie." He rolled his shoulders. "You took a layer of skin off, I think."

Jamie pushed him over so she could look at his back, wincing at the eight parallel gouges running down his back. "Damn. Yeah, I did. Sorry. Guess I got carried away."

Ian just chuckled and pulled her over to rest her head on his chest. "No worries, love. I wasn't complaining. I haven't had it off that well in an age."

"Me, either," Jamie said. "Assuming that last part means it was good for you."

Ian rumbled in sleepy laughter. "Precisely. It was more than good for me, darling."

Darling. Love. Jamie listened to his breathing as it slowed and evened out. Those were just casual words for him, she reminded herself. Not actual terms of endearment.

She was dizzy, drunk, fairly well-sated...and disappointed. Still burning with frustration. Need. The mountainous weight inside her was still there. She wasn't as sexually frustrated as she had been, but the root cause of her ache hadn't changed. She listened to Ian's sleeping breaths, felt his heart beating under her ear, watched his chest rise and fall, admired the contours of his body. He was damn sexy, and a good lover. A girl could do worse. He had a good job, a hot-as-hell accent, and he could make her come twice in a row, while they were both drunk. She should hold on to this one while she had him.

Maybe it would turn into love. Or at least...something like it. Something as close as she could come without-no. She wouldn't, couldn't go there. That wasn't a possibility. She'd made her choice.

Her instinct to flee kicked in. It was that time. Ian was asleep, her car was waiting, and by the time she made it to her car, she'd be sober enough to drive. Or she could just sleep in her car. Or even get a room in this same hotel.

As if sensing her inner dilemma, Ian's arm curled around her waist and held her tight against him. Jamie kicked the flight reflex down, choked it down, shoved it down. This was good. Ian was good. She reached down and tugged the flat sheet and the comforter up to her br**sts, covering herself and Ian. This was nice. He was holding her. She'd be here with him when they woke up. They'd have breakfast together. She might even learn his last name.

This is good, Jamie told herself.

The problem was, she didn't quite believe herself. Not deep down. A voice in the shadowy corners of her soul, that place where one's darkest truths reside, was telling her this was still just another futile attempt to bury her heartache.

She felt the pressure in her belly, the burning need for release. She wasn't sated. Not by a long shot. Maybe she could wake Ian up in a few hours and go again, take the edge off. He'd be game, most likely. She knew, though, that for as long as she was with Ian, the edge would still be there. He simply wasn't capable of satisfying the blood- and soul-deep desires within her. He could-and would-try his best, and she'd let him. But it wouldn't be enough, and she knew it.

She fell asleep wondering how long she could keep this up.

CHAPTER 2

The music was fire in his veins. It was raw, primal fury pounding through his blood and his muscles and his brain. The shrieking guitars and chugging bass and pounding drums, the poetry flowing from his mouth in the growled and sung lyrics-these were the only things capable of drowning the hurt, capable of disguising the cracks in his heart.

Chase crouched on top of the speaker stacks, shirtless, sweating, screaming into the mic as thousands of fans watched, rapt. They could see the agony in his performance. He didn't try to hide it. Rather, he used it. He left his soul on the stage every single night, and the fans ate it up. Music journalists and bloggers were watching him carefully, offering write-ups praising his "raw, soulful, and deeply tortured performances," as one writer put it. Chase didn't care for any of that. Let them blog and tweet and and whatever else. Let them talk. The music was what drove him. He wrote on the tour bus, ignoring the wild parties, the joints and fifths his bandmates indulged in around him. Ignored the gaggles of topless girls. He wrote, worked out the melody, and gave it Gage and Linc to perfect.

The guys were increasingly distant. Or rather, they recognized his need for space and distanced themselves, left him alone. Didn't invite him to after-parties, didn't offer him the joints or the bottles. He hadn't had a drink in over a month by the time the tour schedule allowed them a few weeks off, and hadn't touched a woman since the experiment in Las Vegas with the girls from Murder Doll Asylum.

Back in Detroit, Chase didn't know what to do with himself. Without the rush of the performance, without the fans and the music, he was left loose and numb.

He'd long since used the money fronted him by the record label to pay off his house. He had a cousin drop by once a week to keep the place from looking abandoned, so when he finally walked into his house in the suburb of Sterling Heights, it was clean, the lawn mowed, the fridge empty of molding food and spoiled milk. He'd called his cousin, Amy, from Chicago and let her know he was coming home, and she'd stocked his kitchen with some food staples. In return, he'd mailed her money and a ream of tickets to the next Detroit show.

He stood in his living room, trying not to remember the last time he had been here. He had stood in this very spot, just to the left of the faded suede couch, while a certain blonde-haired, hazel-eyed DJ had stolen his heart, one stripped-off article of clothing at a time. Her bra and panties had been blue, lacy, and too f**king sexy for his own good. God, what a night that had been.

Chase shook himself. No sense in thoughts like that. It wasn't Anna on his mind or in his heart anymore, anyway. He hadn't really been truly in love with her, he had long since realized. He had been falling in love with her, but hadn't been there yet. She'd run off before that could happen.

Not that he was at all bitter about it.

Then Jamie had come along while he was at his most vulnerable and had wormed her way into the aching space in his heart. She was all curls and curves, red hair like fire-lit copper and fierce green eyes, soft lips that tasted of vodka and cranberry and lip balm. She'd given him the slightest taste of what it would have been like to be her lover, and then snatched it away from him.

Not that he was at all bitter about it.

He rummaged in the fridge, found a case of Harp lager, popped one open, and sipped from it while he made himself a sandwich. He was back in Detroit. Jamie didn't live too far away. Finding her would be a piece of cake.

No.

Chase scrubbed his face with his palm. That was over. She'd made her choice clear. She didn't want him. Although that wasn't true, exactly. She did want him, equally as much as he wanted her. She just refused to let herself have him. Sure, he understood her reasons; they were perfectly reasonable and correct reasons, after all. It's not like he wanted to see Anna all the time. It would have been difficult and awkward as hell.

But Jamie...she would have been worth it.

Would have been.

Chase finished his beer and swirled the suds on the bottom around, wondering what the hell he was supposed to do with himself now.

He picked up his phone and scrolled through his contacts until he found the one he was looking for: Eric Meridian. Eric owned a gym and kickboxing studio not far from Chase's house, and he had often gone there before the band really took off, sparring with Eric, pumping iron, or just pummeling the heavy bag until the stress was reduced to a manageable level.

Chase needed to vent. Badly. He sent a text to Eric asking if he had time to spar and waited for a reply.

Within minutes, Eric texted back: I've always got time to spar bro. Drop by whenever you want.

Chase grinned, changed into workout shorts and a tank top, packed a clean change of clothes, and drove to the gym. When he got there, Eric was taping his fists. Tall, wiry, nondescript of feature with short brown hair and brown eyes, Eric didn't seem to be the kind of person you should be afraid of, but he was. Eric was deadly proficient in several styles of martial arts, mainly Muai Thai, kickboxing, and Jiujitsu. He wasn't hugely muscled, didn't have any tattoos or piercings, and would pass on the street for an accountant or CPA, but Eric Meridian was, in reality, one of the hardest and toughest people Chase had ever met.

Chase taped his fists, stretched out, and then he and Eric stepped into the small roped-off ring. They began circling each other, fists raised, bodies twisted sideways to present the smallest possible target. Chase, full of angst and suppressed pain and anger, struck first. He didn't hold back, knowing Eric was perfectly capable of handling with ease anything Chase could throw at him. Chase lashed out with a right cross, which Eric blocked easily, then lifted his knee, leaping into Eric to provide impetus to the blow. Eric quick-stepped backward, grabbed Chase by the bicep, threw himself to the floor, and planted his heel in Chase's chest, kicking up and back to flip Chase over his head.

Landing with an ooomph, Chase was winded but scrambled to his feet, throwing up crossed arms to block the flurry of quick jabs Eric threw at him, designed more to distract and disorient than actually do damage. The real blow came suddenly as Eric danced backward then darted forward, left heel flashing out to catch Chase in the chest, winding him further and propelling him backward. It was enough to spur Chase into a fury. He launched himself forward, using Eric's own tactic of a flurry of jabs to distract, then plunging in with a knee, then a snap-kick to Eric's ribcage.

From there, the fight turned savage, in a friendly type of way. Eric seemed to sense Chase's underlying tension and began pushing Chase harder and harder, putting real force behind his blows and letting fewer and fewer of Chase's strikes through his defenses. After almost ten full minutes of all-out sparring, both men had bloody noses and bruised ribs. The core reason for Chase's distress hadn't changed, but at least he no longer felt like he was so on edge, so about to implode or explode, or just simply combust into a million pieces of sexual frustration and broken-hearted despair.

They sat on a bench side by side and swigged from water bottles.

"What's eating you, bro?" Eric asked.

Chase shrugged. Eric was a good friend and great source of stress relief, but he used the word "bro" in every sentence. It grated on Chase's nerves after a while, which was why he usually kept their conversations to a minimum. "Just life," he ended up saying.

"Life? I'd think life would be great. You're a fuckin' legit rock star, bro. Things should be off the chain."

Chase suppressed a sigh; Eric also spoke in an endless series of slang phrases and terms. "Yeah, well. Even rock stars have problems, man. I just need to blow off some steam. Thanks for letting me stop by."

"Hey, I getcha. No worries, bro. I've got a date in a couple hours so I'm gonna bust outta here, but you go ahead and do what you need. You know your way around." Eric bumped fists with Chase and then swaggered off to take a shower.

Chase finished his water, then refilled it and moved to the heavy bags suspended from the ceiling a few feet away from the ring. Chase rolled his shoulders, then slipped a soft right jab at the bag, an exploratory touch. A second, then a third, and then a pair of snap-kicks, followed by a roundhouse heel kick. With that, Chase was off in a frenetic rhythm of punching and kicking, letting out all of his anger and hurt, pummeling it all into the bag. He heard noises around him, people talking, the grunts and shuffles of a pair sparring in the ring, clinking and clanking of weight machines, but none of it penetrated through his awareness.

When he finally stopped to rest, his hands on his knees, dragging in quick, deep panting breaths, he realized someone was watching him from the heavy bag nearest him. She was tiny but full-figured, barely five feet tall but blessed with curvy h*ps and br**sts even a sports bra couldn't hide. Her thick black hair was twisted into a braid dangling over one shoulder, and her eyes were a vivid green. Too green. Too reminiscent of-Chase cut that line of thinking off with brutal finality.

She had a quirky grin on her lips. "That poor bag must've really pissed you off, huh?" She had her fists taped, and sweat was beading on her face, neck and chest. She was breathing almost as hard as he was.

Chase found himself turned on for the first time in weeks. "Yeah. I caught it talking about my mom, so I had to beat the shit out of it."

"Remind me not to get on your bad side, then." She crossed over to him and stuck out her hand, which was dwarfed by his when they shook. "Tess."

"Chase." Chase smiled at her, a genuine smile. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Tess. Come here often?"

She lifted an eyebrow at him. "Really? You're using that line on me?"

Chase laughed, and felt the pall of numbness receding. "It's not a line, I swear. I don't come here often, so I'm honestly wondering if you do."

"Uh-huh. Sure. It's a pick-up line if I've ever heard one, but I'll take the bait." She rubbed her wrist across her forehead and shook her head to toss her braid away so it dangled down her back.

Chase found himself wanting to wrap that braid around his fist and use it to hold her in place while he drove himself into her from behind; faint shock rippled through him at the ferocity of the sudden desire. He felt a smile curl his lips, a feral, seductive smile. He felt satisfaction at the way Tess reacted, nostrils flaring, br**sts swelling as she dragged in a deep, steadying breath. Her fingers tightened into the leather of the heavy bag, and her eyes narrowed. Chase took a few steps toward Tess until he loomed over her, staring down into her eyes. She didn't back up, but he could tell she wanted to. Instead, she seemed to swell in presence, meeting his gaze head-on, the corners of her mouth lifting in a smile as hungry and feral as Chase's.

Without warning, she shoved the bag at him, hard, knocking him back. While he reeled, stumbling for balance, she snapped a kick at his stomach, which he didn't quite block. He was knocked farther back, heaving in a breath. She didn't relent, however, and closed in with him, curling in a pair of swift uppercuts to his ribs. She wasn't trying to hurt him, he could tell, but she wasn't holding back, either. Her eyes gleamed with adrenalized excitement, and even as she crushed her knee into his chest, her eyes betrayed her desire.

Chase slapped away a straight right punch with his wrist, then darted his own blow at her ribs, hard enough to let her know he wasn't fooling around, but not enough to really hurt. He'd never sparred with a girl before, and it unnerved him. She was clearly skilled, more so than he was, Chase realized, but he still couldn't bring himself to open up the way he would with Eric. Chase might not have had much good to say about his upbringing, but at least his old man had drilled into him a bone-deep respect for women, a refusal to ever strike a woman under any circumstances.

Tess was inviting him to come at her, though. She was dancing around him, having lured him into the ring, bouncing from one foot to the other, fists up, braid-end swaying in a serpentine rhythm. She was a tiny ball of energy, quick and fierce and wild. Chase snapped a kick at her, worried it was too hard. If he connected wrong, he could easily send her flying, injured. He need not have worried, though. She dodged it with ease, knocking his heel upward with a forearm and lunging in underneath it to crash into him with her body. She might have been small, but that body-blow had a huge amount of force behind it, her fae frame slamming into him hard enough to topple him backward. He landed on his back, winded once more, gasping for breath like a fish out of water.

He felt a weight settle on him, blinked hard to clear his vision. Tess was above him, on top of him, green eyes glinting merrily, barely breathing hard. Her knee was in his groin, a subtle warning that nonetheless managed to be an erotic promise.

"Yeah, I come here a lot," she said, her face mere inches from his.

"I can tell," Chase gasped.

He wrapped his fingers around her wrists next to his head, holding but not restraining. Tess tensed, eyes narrowed, chin lifting in defiance, her knee shoving ever-so-slightly harder into his crotch. Chase moved his hands up Tess's arms slowly, non-threateningly, until he reached her shoulders. Tess was frozen now, eyes locked onto Chase's, waiting for his next move. Chase held her gaze as he slid his palms down her spine, hesitating at the small of her back for a millisecond before continuing down to cup her ass. Tess's eyes widened and her breath caught. Chase gripped the firm globes of her ass, kneading the flesh through the thin, skintight fabric of her knee-length yoga pants. Tess moved her hips-involuntarily, it seemed to Chase-so her ass worked deeper into his grip. Chase let his fingers spread apart, exploring the expanse of each cheek, then tracing the crease between them. Tess shivered above him, widening her knees and pushing her h*ps backward to open herself to him.

Chase felt his erection stiffening between their bodies, and Tess licked her lips and let her gaze flicker down to take in the bulge in his gym shorts. Without warning, Chase gripped Tess's h*ps and flipped them over so he was on top, one hand pressing her h*ps to the floor, the other capturing her wrists and pinning them above her head. Tess writhed beneath him, bucked and kicked, but Chase had his knees between her thighs, preventing her from gaining leverage against him.

Lowering his lips to her ear, Chase whispered, "How about this: I'll take you out to dinner, wherever you want, and then I'll bring you back to my house."

Tess bucked again, this time less to get free than to remind him she wasn't going to go down without a fight. Then she said, "Sure. But what are we going to do at your house?" Her voice was low and sultry, breathy against his cheek.

Chase nipped her earlobe with his teeth. "Hmm. We could play euchre?"

Tess laughed, a seductive, rippling sound. "You need four for that." She returned the bite, worrying at his ear with her teeth. "I don't share."

"Oh. Well. Hmmm." Chase shifted his position so his rigid shaft brushed against her cotton-covered mound. He could smell her arousal, a dizzying musk. "I have an idea. How about I bend you over my bed and f**k you from behind until you're screaming my name? I'll wrap my fist around that sexy braid of yours and make you come a dozen times before I let you leave."

Tess's mouth opened in a breathless gasp of surprise. When she found her voice, it was shuddering and broken with desire. "Only a dozen?"

"Greedy? I can make it more, if you want. Maybe I'll tie you up and see how many times I can make you come before you pass out?"

Tess writhed her h*ps into his, and he nearly forgot they were in a public gym-empty, by the sounds of it, but still a public place. He had to tense every muscle in his body to keep from ripping her pants off and taking her there on the mat of the sparring ring.

"How about I give you three hours to make me come as many times as you can? If you can give me more than four orgasms in three hours, I'll do whatever you want, or let you do whatever you want to me, within the limits of safety and consensual agreement."

Chase laughed. "Is this a bet?"

"Yep. I don't think you can do it."

Chase narrowed his eyes. "Doubting me already? We just met, honey. You have no idea what I'm capable of."

"Oh, I'm not doubting you, I'm doubting me. I've never in my life orgasmed more than once in a row."

Chase laughed, but this time it was a rumble of pleasure containing a promise. "Then you've been with all the wrong men, sweetheart."

"Maybe I have," she said. "But I guess we'll see, won't we?"

"I guess we will."

They used the gym showers and dressed, then took Chase's rental car to dinner at P.F. Chang's in the Somerset Collection. They learned a bit about each other during their leisurely dinner. Tess was a flight attendant for Northwest Airlines, was currently single following what Chase gathered was a pretty bad breakup, although she glossed over it with a few curt phrases of dismissal. She was the youngest of three children, and the only girl, and her much-older brothers were both in law enforcement, so she'd learned young how to defend herself. For himself, Chase told her about his band's recent success and left out any mention of Jamie or Anna, saying only that he'd been single for quite a while. Tess's eyes narrowed when he said this.

"You know my brothers are both cops, right? I did mention that? You should realize they've taught me how to detect a liar, and how to cause intense physical pain to men who lie to me."

Chase didn't answer right away, dragging his last pea pod through the sauce on his place without looking at her. Finally, he met her eyes. "It's a lie of omission. Let's just say it was a complicated situation that I don't want to talk about. If it's something that needs to be told, eventually, then I'll tell you."

Tess nodded. "Eventually, hmm? I can live with that. As long as you're not secretly married or something." She finished her glass of red wine, then twisted the stem between her fingers. "Are you planning on there being an eventually between us?"

Chase shrugged. "I honestly hadn't thought that far. It's not impossible."

"Fair enough," Tess said.

"About our bet," Chase said.

"Yeah?"

"What do you get if I lose?"

Tess gave him an amused grin. "Hmmm. I'm glad you asked." She ran her tongue along her upper lip suggestively. "If you lose, you agree to be my bitch for three days. Sexually and otherwise. Everything. Do my dishes, vacuum my floor, wash my car...shirtless. Go down on me whenever I want without having the favor returned. Rub my feet."

Chase tilted his head to the side. "Damn. You drive a hard bargain. How about that's the bet both ways? I lose, I'm your bitch. If you lose, you're mine. Including the topless car washing."

Tess lifted her chin defiantly. "Deal." She extended her hand and they shook to seal the deal. "But you'd better bring your A-game, buddy, because I'm telling you, you've got your work cut out for you. It's really difficult for me to reach cli**x, and I'm a mess afterward. Just sayin'. Be ready to be my bitch."

Chase leaned forward and kissed the corner of her mouth, a tease, a promise. He sat back without delivering on the kiss, leaving Tess with her lips parted in anticipation, her eyes half-closed, nearly panting.

"Pay the bill so we can go," Tess whispered. "I've got a bet to win."

"There's just one stipulation," Chase said, sliding cash into the black bill-folder. "You can't cheat. No pretending I didn't make you come."

Chase drove them to his house, and when he closed the door behind him, Tess stood in the middle of the living room, hands crossed over her stomach, grasping the hem of her shirt in preparation to strip it off.

"Not wasting any time, are you?" Chase said, crossing the space between them and capturing her wrists in his hands. "We're doing this my way, sweetheart. And my way involves stripping you myself. Slowly."

Tess released her shirt and stood, waiting. "Your way, huh? What if I don't want to do it your way?"

"Well, if you're having trouble coming, then maybe your way isn't working." Chase ran his hand between the bottom of her shirt and the top of her calf-length skirt, brushing her skin with the calloused pads of his fingers.

"Maybe you're just a cocky bastard," she said, gasping, the breathy catch in her voice stealing the vitriol from her words.

"Or maybe I just know I can make you come as many times as I want. Maybe I just I know I can play your sweet little body like a guitar."

Tess let her head loll back on her shoulders as he lifted the hem of her skirt up, dragging his fingers along the insides of her pressed-together thighs. "If I'm a musical instrument, I'm more of a mandolin: round at the base and strung tight."

"You're not self-conscious about your figure, are you?"

She shook her head. "Hell, no. I may be tiny, but I'll kick your ass. I've got wide h*ps and big tits, and I'm so short I'm nearly a little person. If you don't like it, that's your loss."

"I like it. I like it a lot." Chase brushed her silk-covered slit with his fingers, feeling her grow damp as he touched her. "In fact, I plan to spend the rest of the night showing you how much I like it."

"That works. I'd hate to have to break your arms."

"You wouldn't break my arms."

"Yes, I would. Especially if you don't quit teasing me and touch me already."

Chase was slowly working his middle finger under the elastic leg-band of her panties, tracing the outer edge of her labia. "All in good time. I'm not sure you're ready for me to touch you yet. You don't want it bad enough."

Tess clawed her fingers into his bicep, trying to tug his finger closer, deeper. "Yes, I do. I do. I want it."

"How bad?"

"Really bad."

Chase swiped his finger along her slit, feeling her slick, hot juices as they coated his fingers. "I don't believe you."

"I'm not gonna beg, Chase. You're the one who has to prove yourself to me, remember. If you lose, you'll spend three days licking my p**sy and rubbing my feet."

His middle finger dipped deeper, curling into her tight channel and rubbing against the ridge of her G-spot. She shuddered; her knees buckled, and she stiffened her legs to catch herself. "Maybe I shouldn't tell you this, but that doesn't sound like a loss for me."

"You say that now..." she started, then trailed off as Chase hooked his fingers inside her panties and tugged them off with a single sharp motion, guiding her legs to step out of them one at a time.

Tess started unzipping her skirt, but Chase stopped her. "Not yet. You're going to have your first orgasm fully clothed."

"Except for my panties, you mean." Tess ran her hands over his shoulders as Chase knelt in front of her.

He slid his palms up the backs of her legs from ankle to buttocks, tickling and tracing the strong curves. Her skirt was still draped down around her calves, disguising the way his hands were slipping between her thighs from behind, spreading her stance until her feet were shoulder-width apart, granting Chase access to her desire-wet nether lips. He cupped her buttocks, then traced a finger down the crease of her ass.

"Is this off-limits?" he asked, letting his finger move in near her anus.

"For now? Yes." She pushed his hand away, moved it to her hip. "Ask me again later if you've managed to win our bet. I may change my answer."

"Fair enough."

Chase ran his hands down the front of her thighs and then back up, twisting his palm so it was facing up, cupping her mound. Tess's legs buckled again, and her weight bore down on his palm; she wiggled her h*ps so her cl*t rubbed against the heel of his palm, and she let out a soft moan.

"You're wet and tight, Tess. I think you might be ready," Chase said, dragging two fingers through her folds.

"About...oh, god...about damn time," she said.

Chase lifted her skirt up to her hips, steadying her with an arm around her ass. He curled his two middle fingers into her hot, wet p**sy, flicking his fingertips across her G-spot. When she gasped, he sucked her cl*t into his mouth, turning her gasp into a moan. Her hands scraped over his stubble-dark scalp, her fingers turning into claws as he licked and flicked at her folds. Her breathing turned to panting, her knees began to dip and buckle with every swipe of his tongue, every feather-light brush of his fingers over her G-spot.

"I can't believe it...oh, god, oh, god, I'm close already." Tess's hands cupped the back of Chase's head in a familiar way that did something deep in his heart, something between pain and desire, its source nebulous and difficult to pinpoint.

He pushed the thoughts away and renewed the vigor of his tongue's assault on the sensitive, cream-wet nub of her clit. She clutched him tight, and his arm kept her upright when the first wave rolled over her. Chase felt it start low in her belly, heard her breathing grow frantic as her orgasm neared. As she closed in on cli**x, Chase slowed and then paused, drawing a curse from Tess.

"What? Why the hell are you stopping? I'm so close, you bastard!" She writhed into him, seeking release.

Chase let the fabric of her skirt droop around his face, obscuring him. He slipped his free hand up her belly and tugged the cup of her bra down to reveal her breast. Pinching it between two fingers, Chase began again with his tongue and fingers, rolling the tip of his tongue in circles around her taut clit, pressing his fingers against her G-spot and working in circles to match the motion of his tongue.

She was almost instantly on the cusp of cli**x, but Chase drew it out, increasing his pace until she was frantic once more, then slowing down, repeating this cycle until Tess was nearly mad with need for release.

"Goddamn it, Chase! You're making me crazy!" She clutched his face against her, shamelessly pushing him into her folds. "Fuck me, I'm so close."

"I know you're close, sweetness." Chase paused to answer, gently tweaking her nipple. "And believe me, I plan to thoroughly f**k you. And then some."

She tried to speak, but her words were subsumed beneath a strangled shriek of ecstasy as Chase pushed her closer and closer to cli**x with now-relentless fingers in her cream-drenched sex, his tongue whipping at her throbbing clit. He felt the pulse in her clit, felt the throb, felt the quavering in her belly and the clenching in her inner muscles.

Two fingers deep in her sex, Chase extended his pinky and pushed it against the tight bud of her anus, and as she came, he pressed just the tip of his littlest finger against the knot of muscles, not quite entering her. She screamed then, a full-voiced howl of release. Her body undulated as she came, her knees giving way even as she fought to stay upright. Chase continued to flick and suck and wiggle and pinch her every nerve ending until she was wrung limp. He caught her and carried her to his room, kicking open the door with his foot, settling her on the bed gently. Her body shook and shuddered with aftershocks, and her breathing was ragged.

Chase unzipped her skirt, slid a palm under her backside and lifted her, tugging the skirt off with a jerk. Then he peeled her shirt over her head, Tess cooperating with floppy limbs. He unhooked her bra and tossed it aside. She was nak*d for him then, and he was hard with desire. He felt the all-too-familiar pang of misplaced guilt rush through him as he pressed kisses to her br**sts, the awful, unshakeable sensation that he was doing something wrong by being with someone else than Jamie.

Tess was oblivious to the thoughts racing through him, of course, and he was thankful for that. He nibbled on her nipple, worrying the taut bud with his teeth, eliciting a sexy little mewl from her. She was regaining her senses finally, and was clawing at his shirt, pushing it up over his head and exploring his torso with eager hands, then ripping at the button of his jeans and pushing them down.

Chase had left all his leather pants with the tour bus, so he was stuck with jeans, which he disliked and rarely wore. He let her strip him, let her look at him, let her take his turgid shaft in her small hands. She slid her palms along his length, rubbed her thumb over the broad mushroom head, caressed his c*ck with quick, soft, skilled hands. He knelt above her, letting her touch him until his felt himself begin to respond, begin to rise.

"No more touching. I'm yours to do with as you wish if I lose," Chase said, pushing her hands away and over her head, then tracing a line from neck down between her br**sts to test her swollen folds with his index finger. "For now, however, you have three more orgasms to go."

Tess arched her back as he ever so gently began to move his finger inside her. "Shit...shit...that was so intense, I'm not sure I'd survive another one."

"Well, then, I hope you have life insurance, sugar, because that was just the beginning."

Tess moaned as he lapped his tongue around one nipple, working the other with the fingers of one hand and circling her cl*t with the fingers of his other hand. He was using the opposite hand in her sex as he had used before, and he could smell her musk on his fingers, along with another, darker scent from his pinky. She'd said her second entrance was off-limits, but she hadn't protested when he'd touched her there before, so he decided to push his luck a bit. The first orgasm had wrenched through her like a tidal wave, so if he drew this one out even longer, the second would be even more intense.

He worked her cl*t slowly with his fingers, getting her h*ps moving in gentle circles before slacking off, letting her subside a bit, then bringing her back up again, biting at her nipple, sucking on it, flicking and pinching the other. And then, abruptly, he moved down her body and lifted her legs over his shoulder, lifting her h*ps to bring her sweet wet folds to his mouth. She writhed in place, moaning nonstop now as he suckled her clit, slathering her own juices downward over the tight muscles of her anus. She groaned when his pinky touched her there, and then sucked in a ragged, whimpering breath when he penetrated up to the first knuckle. He didn't move his pinky, just left it there to let her adjust, slowing his pace and working her throbbing bud with soft, slow licks of his tongue. He was able to reach her n**ples still, so Chase rolled one between finger and thumb in torturously slow pinches.

Tess was wiggling and arching and undulating as he drew out the process, working his pinky inward with careful, delicate pushes, timing them with thrusts of his tongue against the straining nerves of her clit. When he was inside her to the second knuckle, he began to work his finger in and out, once again synced with the rhythm of his tongue against her folds and his fingers on her br**sts.

Tess began to buck into his finger, driving him deeper, her voice raised in a keening shriek. He felt her p**sy muscles clench and quiver; her back arched and her heels dug into the bed. He pushed his finger and pulled it, licking furiously until his jaw ached and his tongue was on fire, pinching her nipple until he was sure the twinge of pain was adding to the pleasure.

She came with a cry, bowed upward in an arched bridge, only her heels, head, and neck touching the bed. Wave after wave crushed through her, shaking her, ripping shuddering sobs from her as she lowered her body to the bed. Chase relented then, and kissed his way up her flat, taut belly, kissed each breast, then her neck, then her mouth, tasting the salt of sweat and tears on her mouth and cheeks. Tess clung to his neck, shaking uncontrollably.

He kissed her neck and shoulder as he fished a condom from the bedside table drawer, ripped it open with his teeth and rolled it over his straining cock. Tess was oblivious to this, gasping for breath.

"Ready for number three, sweetness?" Chase said.

"What? Oh, god. Oh, god...I can't-I'm not ready. I'm not ready." Tess was barely able to whisper, the words mumbled drunkenly. "It's too much."

"You asked for it, babe." Chase probed her entrance with the tip of his cock, working himself slowly inside. "Too much? Want me to stop?"

Tess's fingers scrabbled at his back as he filled her, stretched. She was tight, so tight, almost too tight. He went as slow as was humanly possible, working himself in an inch, then pausing to let her adjust before pushing gradually farther in. He watched her face work through a myriad of emotions, surprise, delight, even fear.

He paused again before he was fully inside her. "Seriously, Tess. I don't want to hurt you. You're so f**king tight. Should I stop?"

She shook her head, the snake-tip tail of her braid jiggling near one of her br**sts. "No...god, no. Please don't stop. Just...like you are. Slow."

"Slow," Chase agreed, thrusting incrementally.

He'd been straining with need to release for what felt like forever, turned on by the noises Tess made as she came, the sight of her tan skin and rounded curves, but still he held back, squeezing his eyes shut in concentration as he felt himself drive in to the hilt, almost too big to fit inside her tiny channel. He had to be careful with her, he knew, even after she'd adjusted to him, even after cli**x had her loose and pliant.

He moved into her in sinuous thrusts, barely moving still, but enough for her to feel it, enough for him to feel it. Tess began to whimper again, mewling noises in the back of her throat, moving her h*ps with his now, meeting him careful thrust for thrust. Her fingers tightened on his shoulders and her legs circled his waist, holding him deep inside her.

Chase decided to give her the illusion of control for a while; he flipped her so he was on the bottom, and she readily adjusted to ride him, knees wide to straddle his hips, palms flat on his broad chest. Her braid dangled over her shoulder to tickle his throat. He grabbed the braid and tugged gently until she was sitting upright, and then he held her in place with his hands on her hips. His middle fingers were mere inches apart on her belly, and he began to lift her, guiding her motions. She arched her spine inward, tipping her head back and moving on her own, now, finding her rhythm on top of him.

Chase was barely thrusting, letting her do the work while he held himself back. He had to give her a break, let her recover before he brought her to cli**x again. She wasn't ready yet. He let her move on top of him, surging up and down now, impaling herself on him, driving herself deeper than he'd imagined she'd be able to take him. She collapsed forward after a few minutes, writhing with increasingly desperate movements.

Now.

He lifted her off him, bodily removing her, ignoring her frantic moans of protest. He put his lips to her ear and whispered, "You didn't think I'd forgotten my promise back in the gym, did you?"

She shook her head. "No...what? What promise?"

He slid off the bed and drew her after him, flipping her onto her stomach and pulling her toward him by her ankles. "I'm going to bend you over this bed and f**k you from behind."

"Oh, my god, Chase. I can't take that. I could barely handle your finger." Real fear was evident in her voice.

He settled her on the bed's edge so her feet didn't quite touch the floor, so she was at his mercy. He carved his palms over her arched spine and to her ass, tiny and taut. He gently caressed each cheek, then teased her anus with a finger. Tess whimpered, pushing into his questing finger even as he could feel her shivering with a mixture of fear and anticipation. Chase spat saliva onto his hand and smeared it onto the knot of muscles and worked his ring finger around the circle of muscles, while with his other hand he gripped his shaft at the base and probed her p**sy with the tip. He hadn't inserted his finger into her yet, and he gently, carefully pushed in as he thrust into her wet, ready folds with his cock.

"Oh, god," Tess whispered, relief in her voice.

Chase leaned over her. "I would never do that. I would never hurt you," he murmured. "The tip of my pinky finger is one thing. That is something else entirely."

He was telling her the truth, in that he would never push a woman past what she wanted and what she was capable of doing with enjoyment, but he didn't mention how much he wanted to take her like that. He was riding a knife-edge of control, his ring finger now in her to the first knuckle, his shaft moving into her sex in small, shivering thrusts. He wanted to plunge hard and fast, but he held back, riding gently into her p**sy, her fine, firm ass quivering gently with each thrust.

He was learning her noises. She began to mewl again, a kitten-like noise high the back of her throat, a sound that he now knew signaled her impending orgasm.

Chase allowed himself one concession to the fury pounding through him: He wrapped her braid twice around his fist and gently but firmly tugged until her back was arched and her head lifted off the bed. She planted her fists on the bed and undulated her body into him. She was still unable to reach the floor, and Chase began to plunge up into her, lifting her up with each driving plunge, still holding back, still restraining himself from crushing into her with the kind of intensity he desired.

Tess took all of him, though, and gave back with everything she had, losing herself in the delirium of sexual abandon. She lifted herself up with her torso muscles and back, then let herself crash down onto him, spreading her thighs farther apart and wiggling to get his finger deeper into her a**hole. Chase gave her what she wanted, more of his finger, pushing in until his other fingers were splayed against the muscular flesh of her ass, until his finger was impaled inside her as far as it would go, and he began to thrust his c*ck into her harder and harder, never fully penetrating, knowing he might hurt her if he did so. He held on to her braid and let himself drive into her, and now, finally, she began to lose the rhythm in the frenetic frenzy of orgasm.

Chase felt her muscles clamp down, squeezing his finger as she came. He finally let himself loose then, coming with her, driving as deep as he dared in slow but powerful thrusts. Tess was wild, thrashing beneath him, shrieking and writhing and sobbing. Chase came hard, desperate from having held back for so long, from having gone so long without sex.

After nearly a minute of body-wracking cli**x, Tess went still, but for her ragged breathing. Chase withdrew from her, lifted her to the middle of the bed and drew the blankets over her. He went into his en suite bathroom and discarded the condom before washing his hands twice. When he approached the bed again, Tess was snoring.

He smiled to himself, then slipped on a pair of gym shorts and got himself a beer from the fridge. He hiked himself up onto the kitchen counter and drank his beer, head slumped back against the counter, lost in thought. After a trackless amount of time, he finished his beer, and then a second, and then a third, his mind and heart a muddle of half-formed desires and fears and worries.

Foremost in his mind was the knowledge that he was far, far from sated. He'd ravaged Tess and left her passed out in his bed. She really was a fiery, spirited little thing, but he'd simply wrung every last drop from her. He didn't think she'd be complaining come morning, but he knew for as much fun as he'd have with her, eventually it would end.

He, however, was still burning with need, adrenaline, desire, and pent-up frustration.

Tess simply couldn't give him what he needed. It was through no fault of hers, though, and that was the part that left him sad. Throughout their dinner conversation, he'd come to like and respect her, and the fact that she could kick his ass in the ring turned him on something fierce. He wished they were more compatible in bed.

He drained his fourth beer and then slipped into bed next to Tess. She moved against him, instinctively spooning with him.

She half-turned to face him, opening one eye. "You lose the bet, Chase."

"What? No way. I'm not done yet."

Tess laughed. "I hate to say this, but I am. I can't take any more. I really can't. I'll be sore as hell in the morning as it is. I cannot physically handle another orgasm. The bet was four in three hours, and that's not happening. Therefore, you lose."

Chase laughed. "Fine. I concede."

"You would. Bitch."

He laughed again, and Tess smiled sleepily at him, then turned back over and was soon asleep once more.

Chase fell asleep thinking of green eyes. Only, these green eyes were framed by red curls as fiery as the woman beneath them.

CHAPTER 3

A fall wind blew hard down the corridor of Michigan Avenue in Chicago. The sidewalks were full of pedestrians burdened with shopping bags and the streets jammed with taxis and buses and private cars. The sky overhead between the towers was gray and heavy. Flecks of something cold and wet-possibly snow, or rain, or a mix of the two-spattered against Jamie's face as she bustled from the door of the high-rise condo building. She had her phone in her hand, an iMessage in the gray bubble: Meet me at the corner, babe. Dinner reservations in twenty. Her response, in blue: K. B right there.

She flipped the collar of black pea coat up and hunched her shoulders, hustling through the post-Thanksgiving shopping crowd to meet Ian. His mother had relocated to Chicago, and Ian had ended up moving to Chicago with her. He didn't live with his mother, but nearby. Laura Collins, his mother, was a short, sweet woman with iron-gray hair and steely blue eyes. She adored Jamie, but had hinted in more than one conversation that she didn't think Jamie was entirely happy.

Which was true, of course. She'd put everything she had into making things with Ian work. She commuted to Chicago every Thursday after her last shift and spent Friday and Saturday with Ian and his mother, then made the four-hour drive back for work Sunday afternoon. Ian met her in Detroit a few times a month as well, and overall, things worked. They worked.

But...Jamie was restless. She spent most of the four-hour trip twice a week trying not to think about how much longer she could pretend she was okay.

Ian knew. She saw the knowledge in his eyes at times, in the way she'd catch him gazing sadly at her, expectantly. Waiting.

Ian had something planned for today. He'd made reservations, which was unlike him. Usually they did burgers and beers at a local pub, or ate in. This was an event. He had something to say to her, and she knew it. It was probably a preemptive strike. His way of sparing her feelings, in an odd manner.

She found Ian waiting at the street corner, watching her approach. The sad look was in eyes again, distant and semi-hollow.

"Hello, love," he said, with false cheer.

She kissed him, a brief touch of the lips. They pulled away at the same time. "Hey, yourself."

"Hungry?" Ian took her hand, and they walked through the crowd together.

"Famished. Traffic into the city was hellish."

"Sorry to hear it, darling. I worry about you making the drive so often in that dodgy old auto of yours. I'm always afraid it's going to go tits up on you halfway here."

Jamie chuckled at his turn of phrase. "Yeah, it's definitely a possibility, I guess. But it's fine for now. Besides, if it does go tits up, I'll just call you, and you'll rescue me." Out of habit, she nudged closer and smirked at him. "And then as a reward, I'll go tits up for you."

Ian laughed. "Oh, god, I really don't think that phrase means what you think it means."

Jamie shoved him with her hip. "Oh, shut up. I know exactly what it means, I was just using it in another context."

"And I know that. I was just teasing you."

They had a long, leisurely dinner, filled with the idle conversation of a couple familiar and comfortable with each other. It was laced with tension, though. Jamie felt it, and she saw it in Ian's eyes.

Finally, she leaned back in her chair with a sigh. "Out with it, Ian."

He shifted uncomfortably. "I-I'm not sure where to start."

"Just start with the truth." She flagged the waiter and held up her wine glass.

Ian sipped from his own wine and then set it aside. "You aren't happy. With me, I mean."

Jamie pinched the bridge of her nose. "No, it's not that. Not really. It's...complicated."

"Un-complicate it."

"God. That's a lot easier to say than to do. As cliche as this is, and as much as I hate how it's going to sound...it's not you, it's me."

"That's f**king bollocks, Jamie."

"I know, I know. But it's true." The server arrived to pour Jamie another measure of cabernet, and she sipped it greedily. "There's just-"

"Someone else?"

"Yes. No. Sort of. There isn't anyone else in the sense you're thinking. I haven't been seeing anyone else. I promise. But my heart is...I just can't-" Jamie cut herself off with a huff. "Shit. I'm making a mess of this."

"Sorry, darling, but you kind of are making a bit of a muddle of it. Just spit it out. You're in love with someone else. I get it."

"It's not that simple, though. It's just one of those things that won't go away, you know? No matter how hard I try, I just can't seem to let go."

Ian scratched his jaw and then fiddled with the cloth napkin on the table. "I do remember that conversation we had. In my hotel room in Buttfuck, Michigan. You said some rot about forbidden love. You said you were over him."

"It wasn't rot, Ian."

"It's just a word, Jamie. I know it wasn't. I just meant I remember you mentioning this other guy. And you're still not over him enough to be happy with me."

"It's not like I don't want to be over him, Ian. I do. I really, really do want to be over him. But I just...can't seem to do it."

"And I can't do this with you if you're not." Ian tossed back the rest of his wine and watched Jamie's reaction.

She only nodded. "I know. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry to have wasted so much of your time." She stood up, leaving her half-full wine glass, and turned to walk away.

"Jamie, wait. You didn't waste-shit." He cut himself off when he realized Jamie wasn't listening.

She was already out the door and into the flurries of hard, stinging snow. She wasn't crying. Not again. Her eyes were stinging from the wind, was all. There was no reason to be upset. She knew it was coming. She would have done it herself soon. She wasn't being fair to Ian, or to herself.

It still didn't explain why the hole in her heart ached so badly.

* * *

Chase flopped over onto his back, and Tess let out a long, contented sigh.

"Chase, baby. I don't know how you do that to me every time," Tess said.

Forcing a smile onto his face, Chase turned over and kissed her. "I'm just that good," he said.

Tess pinched his thigh. "And you're just that arrogant."

"It's not arrogance, it's confidence."

"Same thing, babe." Tess scooted out of bed and gathered her clothes, tossed them in her suitcase, then dug out a clean pair of panties and a bra. Her uniform was already pressed and hanging on the rack near the hotel door.

Chase watched her diminutive form as she moved around the room, gathering the rest of her things and packing them away, then hopped in the shower. He was every bit as attracted to her as the day he'd met her three months ago, but his ability to pretend she satisfied him was waning. He hated the pretense. Hated feeling like shit when he had to paste on a smile and act exhausted after a vigorous session in bed with her, when the truth was he was always holding back and was usually just getting started when she was finished, left partially sated and entirely frustrated.

He had an inkling she knew, but he hadn't had the courage to broach the subject. She had a flight to Boston in a few hours, so he doubted the discussion would happen right then. He had a gig himself in a while, headlining at the Mayne Stage here in Chicago.

He liked Tess, a lot. He had a good time with her.

But...it just wasn't enough.

Tess emerged from the shower to find Chase standing nak*d at the eleventh-floor window, staring out at the swirling snow. She stood next to him in silence for a while, then looked up at him.

"This isn't working, Chase."

He glanced down at her. Serious green eyes gazed back up at him, calm and collected. "No, I guess not." He turned back to the view of downtown Chicago. "I'm sorry."

"Why are you sorry?"

"I don't know. It's...I'm just sorry this didn't work. You're an amazing girl, and I wish-"

"I can't keep up with you. I know I can't. But I think that's only a part of the problem. There's something else. That thing you said you'd tell me 'eventually.'" Tess leaned her head against his arm. "This is eventually, but you still don't have to tell me. It's someone else. I see the way you look at me sometimes. Maybe I look like her, or something. I don't know. But that's what it is."

"Yeah, sort of. But it's-"

"Complicated," Tess said in sync with him.

"Yeah," Chase said. "It's really complicated."

Tess turned away from him, dropped the towel, and stepped into her panties, then hooked her bra around her middle and slipped it on. "I don't need to know the details. But I'll tell you this: A lot of the time, when someone says something is complicated, what they really mean is they're afraid of the truth. They're afraid of what will happen, afraid of the consequences." She turned back to Chase. "Good things often come with tough consequences. It just makes us appreciate the good that much more."

"You're right," Chase said. "But it's not me you have to convince. It's her."

Tess shrugged. "I don't have to convince anyone. You do. And if it's meant to be, it'll happen." She put on her flight attendant uniform, zipped her bags, and then set her rolling suitcase on end, handle extended. "I care about you, Chase. You're a good man and an incredible lover. I really am sorry this didn't work out, too."

Chase thunked his head against the cold glass, then moved toward Tess. "I haven't been fair to you, Tess. And that's what I'm sorry for."

She smiled at him, a little sadly. "I knew this was coming a long time ago. I knew it was coming when you said you didn't want to talk about it back in Eric's gym. I was just being selfish. I wanted a piece of you for myself."

"Well, you got a piece. A big piece." He grinned lecherously, but his heart wasn't in it, and neither was hers. "Seriously, though. This goodbye sucks."

Tess nodded. "Yes, it does. All goodbyes do."

He leaned toward her and kissed her, careful not to smudge her makeup or wrinkle her uniform. When he let her go, Tess took a deep breath and let it out.

"Goodbye, Chase."

"'Bye, Tess." He watched her leave, wondering what he was supposed to do with himself now.

He took a long shower and dressed, packed his one duffel bag, and left the hotel. The snow was bitterly cold against his shower-hot skin, and the wind was even worse, snatching his breath away. He walked aimlessly, trying to empty his heart, snuff out the turmoil inside himself. He shrugged deeper into his thick coat, eyes downcast, attention wandering. His bag was slung over one shoulder, and his hands were dug into his pockets. He thought he might be capable of just walking, walking, walking until the snow buried him or the cold froze him, or the hole in his chest ate him from the inside out.

Then he rounded a corner, and something soft yet firm slammed into him, knocking him backward. He slipped on a patch of ice, tangled up with whoever he'd run into, and tumbled to the sidewalk, slamming his head into the concrete. He saw stars, squeezing his eyes shut against the pain. Then something familiar spiked through the fog and the thunder in his skull to his awareness. It was subtle at first, a combination of scents, lotion and perfume and shampoo, woman-scent...and then a series of sensations, the way her body fit against his, a tickle of hair on his face, and the heat of an intense gaze.

Chase cracked his eyelids open to see the burning jade orbs that had haunted his dreams for months staring down at him.

"Y-you?" Her voice broke.

Chase tried to catch his breath and speak, but the wind scoured past his nose and mouth, taking it, and the pain in his head and the ache in his heart all conspired to keep him gasping. Most of all, it was her beauty that left him breathless.

Her hands were on his chest, resting lightly. Her lips were inches from his, red and full. Her br**sts were crushed against him, and...he was instantly erect, hard as a rock and near to bursting in the space of a single heartbeat. And all Jamie was doing was looking at him.

Then he truly looked at her. Her eyes were red, and unshed tears were pooling, threatening to spill out. "Jamie? Are you okay?"

She could only shake her head. She tried to get off him, to stand up, but she couldn't. Chase let his head touch back down to the cold concrete, snow drifting around his eyes, and gazed up at her.

"Yeah, me either," he said.

Jamie laughed, a choked sound. "Help me up. I can't..."

Chase stood up gingerly, helping Jamie to her feet. He didn't let go when they were upright. He drew her instinctively into his arms, and she went willingly, seemingly unconsciously. "What's wrong, Jay?"

"Everything. You. Me. Just...everything."

Chase laughed again, knowing what she meant, somehow. "I wish I didn't understand that, but I do. All too well."

"Why are you here? Why do you always show up at the worst times?"

"I wish I knew." He felt truth boiling on his lips. "But then...I do know. I keep showing up because we're meant to be."

"It can't be."

"But it is."

Jamie sobbed into his chest, as if a dam had burst open, then cut herself off just as quickly. "Why? Why, Chase?"

"Why what?"

Jamie pulled back to meet his green piercing brown. "Why did you have to make me fall in love with you? I wasn't supposed to fall in love with you."

Chase felt something hot and wet burn down his cheek. "I don't know, Jay. But I've been wondering the same thing. Why, oh, why did I have to fall in love with the one girl I can't have?"

Jamie's eyes slid closed, fluttered, then opened. When her eyes met his again, he saw a new kind of determination in them. As if she'd made a decision. The hot wetness stung his eyes, almost as if he was crying, but that wasn't possible. He hadn't cried since he was in elementary school, if not before. Certainly not over a girl.

Then he felt moist, soft, wet lips touch his cheek where the saltiness stung his skin, heat on his cold flesh. Again and again her lips touched his face, cheek, chin, forehead, throat, neck, then...a pause...bated breath...and her lips touched his. Chase's eyes were closed tight, blocking away the world, and he almost flinched, so intense and visceral was the sensation of her lips on his. Like hot wine, like a drug.

He had no chance of resisting.

He kissed her back, softly at first. So softly. Then her lips pulled away, and he heard her drag in a shuddering breath. He opened his eyes and saw her, tear-tracks on her cheeks, wiping them with trembling fingers. Chase mimicked her gesture, kissing away the salt of her tears, trailing kisses across her face, over her lips, tasting hesitantly, then taking hungrily. She met him with equally sudden ferocity, and they were lost together then.

Chase pulled away first. "If you walk away again, if you tell me no again, I'll be broken in a way that can never be fixed," he said.

Jamie shuddered, and then collapsed into his chest. "Me, too." Her words were muffled by his coat, but he heard them.

"Is this happening? Us?" he asked.

She nodded. "It has to. It can't not." Jamie looked up at Chase and let him see into her heart through her eyes. "I'm terrified."

Chase licked his kiss-swollen lips. "Me, too."

"Where do we go? What do we do?" Jamie asked.

"Well, first I have a show to play. Then I'm going to find a hotel, and I'm going to kiss you and make love to you until you beg me to stop."

Jamie shuddered into him, but this was a different, more feral and salacious, kind of shudder. "I'll never want you to stop." She arched into him, wind-blown red curls tangling around them both, and he felt fire blaze through his body, instant heat, instant need. "Never."

"Then I never will," he answered.

Chase kissed Jamie again, and this time it was slow and languorous and full of promise. Their eyes met again as they pulled apart, and the heat flying between them was hot enough to melt the snow as it drifted between their bodies.

The promise in her eyes had him ready to explode, and he knew when they finally came together, it would stop his world.

