"I think you've had enough, lady." Sam, the bartender was leaning against the bar, giving her a patient, but stern look.

"I'm fine...really. I just want another drink, please." Melody tried to reach for her glass, but the bartender moved it just out of her reach.

"Sam, right? Your name is Sam. See? If I were drunk, I wouldn't remember your name." She tried to give him her brightest smile, but he just shook his head.

"Lady, I'm wearing a name tag. So your logic's a bit flawed."

"I'm a lawyer; I don't need logic," she mumbled, but Sam had turned away from the bar, taking her glass with him.

"Hey! Come back here..."

"Look, I'm just doing my job..." Sam tossed the words back over his shoulder.

"She's with me..."

Sam turned around, the startled look on his face replaced by an obsequious smile as he recognized the voice. "Oh, yes, Mr. MacKenzie. I'm sorry. I...didn't realize."

Melody spun around, wobbling slightly on the barstool, looking up at the man who'd spoken.

"I'm not with you..."

"Come on. Let's go find a nice quiet corner and we can talk." He nodded to the bartender, spoke a few words before taking Melody's elbow. With easy grace he helped her off the barstool and steered her toward a dark corner of the bar, sliding her into a secluded booth.

"And you are?" Melody squinted at the man, pulling her elbow from his grasp. He looked familiar, but the bar was dark and, if she had to admit it, maybe she was just a little bit drunk. His name was on the tip of her tongue, but that's as far as it got.

"Logan MacKenzie. Nice to meet you...Miss...?"

He was looking at her, one eyebrow raised, waiting for her to reply.

Logan MacKenzie. He was the lead singer for the biggest rock-band to come out of Scotland in the past decade. Revolution...No...Revise...Revival! That was it.

"Oh...um...Melody. Melody Lawson." She stuck her out her hand, feeling ridiculous now that she'd recognized him.

"Nice to meet you, Melody. Please, have a seat."

Sam appeared, depositing a bottle and two glasses on the table. Logan poured their drinks and he tipped his glass toward Melody.

"A toast then, to making new friends."

Reluctantly, Melody tapped her glass against his, sloshing a bit of the amber liquid onto the table.

"To new friends." She took a drink, sputtering briefly. Whatever he'd poured into her glass was dark and complex, heady and aromatic, tasting of vanilla and oranges, and was simply amazing.

"What is this?" She took another sip, rolling the liquid around in her mouth.

"Whisky, specifically Macallan, 1965. It's a favorite of mine; it reminds me of home. I'm happy they had it here. Do you like it?"

Melody sniffed at the glass. "I'm not sure...I don't drink much and certainly not whisky."

Logan laughed. "It's an acquired taste, but once you get used to it, you'll never want anything besides a single malt Scotch again. And always Macallan, if you can. But then, I may be a bit biased."

Logan leaned forward, his elbows on the table. Melody felt his eyes resting on her and she was momentarily flustered, dropping her gaze. She resisted the urge to bite her nails, the fall back nervous tick that she'd thought she'd finally outgrown. But beneath the smoldering gaze of Logan MacKenzie, all of Melody's old insecurities quickly resurfaced.

"So why is a pretty woman like you drinking all by yourself in a hotel bar?"

Melody looked at Logan, determined not to spill her entire life's story, or at least not the sorry chapter she was in the middle of. He was, after all, a rock star and a perfect stranger. But she thought she saw a genuine interest flickering in his eyes, not just the uninterested stare of someone making idle conversation. And that undid the floodgates.

Melody broke into tears, every emotion she'd been holding inside suddenly bubbling to the surface. She dropped her face into her hands, sobbing loudly.

She felt a sudden movement next to her, the leather bench sagging with the added weight, and then Logan had his arm around her shoulder.

"I'm sorry...for whatever I said. I certainly didn't mean to upset you."

Melody sniffled, groping in her purse for a tissue.

"I'm sorry...it's just been...a really long day."

"Do you want to talk about it? It might help."

"Really...no. It's just..." And the tears started again. Logan patted her back and she turned toward him, opening her mouth to speak, but ending up burying her face in his shoulder instead. He held her for a moment, rubbing her back lightly, until she'd recovered her composure.

"It's just...tonight was supposed to be a celebration. I won an important case...I'm a lawyer. And Patrick, my fiance..." Melody sniffled, wiping her nose. "My ex-fiance, I guess now..."

She took a deep breath, fishing her cell phone out of her purse. "Here...he broke up with me..." Melody pushed her cell phone toward Logan. "He broke up with me in a text! Can you believe that?" She pulled the phone back, staring angrily at the screen. "Who breaks up with their fiance that way? What are we, twelve?" Melody jammed the phone back into her purse.

"I'd say he's a complete idiot, dumping you, regardless of how he did it." Logan took a sip of his drink. Melody watched his hands, the long fingers, the graceful way he held his glass.

She suddenly became aware of how close to her he was sitting. Her thigh was pressed against his leg, her skirt tugged up a bit, exposing more leg than she usually did. But she didn't care. She liked the feeling of his muscular frame touching hers, rubbing against her stocking-covered leg. After all, he was a man and she was now a free woman. It didn't hurt that he was drop-dead gorgeous, all dark eyes and black hair, high cheekbones and a long straight nose.

Plus his voice was pure magic to her ears, the Scots accent evident, the sound deep and rich. She'd heard him on the radio-it was hard not to these days-and his singing voice was somewhere between a rasp and a growl. But when he spoke, it was all velvet over honey, soft and rich.

And his mouth, lips full and sensuous, but still looked incredibly masculine. Melody felt a blush creep up her cheeks and realized she was staring at his lips. Her glass was empty and she pushed it toward Logan. He poured another shot of the delicious whisky into her glass, cocking an eyebrow at her.

"You're blushing, Melody." Logan leaned over, running one finger down her cheek. "Most becoming. Is it from the alcohol or...something else?"

She met his eyes, holding his gaze, the Macallan making her brave. "Both..."

When he leaned over and kissed her, she didn't resist. She kissed him back, tasting the whisky on his lips, felt his tongue tracing along her lower lip. There was a restrained longing in his kiss, a quality she found appealing, oddly in contrast with his almost overwhelming charisma. But then all thoughts left her head and she was overtaken by a more primal need, to take this wherever Logan wanted to go with it, and if he weren't going to go all the way, then she'd take the lead.

But it became quickly evident that Logan was thinking the same thing that she was. His hand had moved to her leg, gently caressing her skin, fingers sliding beneath the hem of her skirt to the inside of her thigh, tracing along the lacy edge of her stockings.

Melody parted her lips, a small moan escaping her as she deepened their kiss, her hand reaching up to run her fingers through his hair.

Soon they were locked in an embrace, arms gripped tightly around each other, pressed together in the small booth. By the time Logan broke away, she was practically sitting on his lap.

"I have an idea..." Logan didn't have a chance to finish the sentence before Melody was sliding out of the booth, pulling him by the hand.

She heard him laugh as she felt him pull against her hand. "Wait..."

Looking over her shoulder, she watched him lean back, grabbing the bottle of whisky from the table.

"Never leave the Macallan, even for a beautiful wanton woman."

They were in each other's arms before the door to Logan's room had even closed. Logan pulled her close, still holding the bottle, his lips first finding her neck, moving quickly up the her lips, the kiss passionate and deep the instant his mouth came down on hers. Melody wrapped her arms around Logan's neck, pulling close, her body pressed against his.

"You're a little spitfire, aren't you?" Logan walked her backwards, reaching down to set the bottle on the side table. With both hands now free, he pulled her tight against him. Melody could feel his arousal, his erection pushing against her stomach. There was an answering thump deep in her belly and a heat flooding through her, competing with the warmth the whisky had ignited earlier.

Logan's hands were everywhere, running up and down her back, cupping her ass, skating over her br**sts. Melody's hands were equally busy, working at the buttons of his shirt, pulling back the fabric, her fingers exploring the expanse of his broad chest.

She broke away, looking into his dark eyes, breathing fast.

"Take me to bed, Logan. Now."

With easy strength he scooped her up, walking down the short hall to the bedroom of his suite. He laid her gently on the bed, straightening to look down at her as he undid the last buttons of his shirt. She saw heat and lust in his eyes, mirroring what she felt at the moment. Those were the only things she wanted to feel at the moment; she wanted no other thoughts or feelings, nothing to remind her of Patrick. And this handsome man, this gorgeous Scotsman was just what she needed.

For a brief moment she wondered what she was doing here, but the Macallan was working through her veins, everything taking on a surreal quality. She felt excitement fluttering alongside arousal, the same sensation she got just before heading in to court, knowing she was ready, she was on top of her game, looking forward to winning.

Melody lay on her back, looking up at Logan, taking in the sharp angles of his cheek and nose, the full lips, the hair curling around his shoulders. He undid the snap and zipper of his jeans, sliding them down his narrow hips, his eyes never leaving hers. Then he was nak*d, looking down at her with all the confidence of a man who is used to performing, with a charisma that almost took her breath away.

Logan climbed onto the bed, leaning down to kiss Melody. His hands were sliding over the silk of her dress, his fingers caressing her br**sts. Suddenly her dress was confining; she wanted to be just as nak*d as Logan, to feel his body next to hers, skin to skin.

She rose to her knees, tugging her dress up by the hem. Logan smiled at her, taking the hem and pulling the dress over her head.

As soon as the garment was on the floor, he pushed her back onto the bed, looking down on her on the bed.

"Ah...garters and stockings. My favorite. No one wears these anymore..." Logan's fingers were moving over her body, fingering the satin garter belt and sheer stockings, sliding briefly between her legs, caressing the inside of her thigh, moving further north.

Melody blushed, remembering that she'd worn the lingerie for Patrick, sans panties, of course. But now, instead of being embarrassed at being almost nak*d with an almost stranger, she was suddenly emboldened, arching her back as Logan stroked her softly, slowly, his fingers moving over the tender skin of her inner thigh, lightly brushing higher, setting off waves of heat in her body.

She'd never had anyone be so gentle, yet so passionate at the same time. Thoughts of Patrick encroached again, of his forceful manner and predictable moves, and she pushed them aside. It wasn't fair to compare either man to the other, particularly when she'd just been dumped by one of them. But there really was no comparison; this was so erotic it took her by surprise, completely took her breath away.

Logan was lying next to her, his hands back on her full br**sts as he kissed her deeply, his tongue working magic as he thrust it against hers. Melody wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him close, her legs moving restlessly on the bed, giddy with the sensation of being with this man, this unknown stranger, who excited her in ways no man ever had.

His hands moved to her bra, tugging it down, exposing her br**sts. Logan slid down in the bed, kissing her neck and shoulders, working his way to the soft mounds of her br**sts, finally flicking his tongue around her n**ples, moving between them, the cool air against her wet skin making them pucker. She gasped as he pulled one into his mouth, sucking gently at first, then harder, waves of arousal coursed through her body. It wasn't long before they were both moaning, he against her skin, and Melody biting her lip, turning her head into the pillow.

The insistent pressure of his erection against her hip competed, and then overrode with the feel of his mouth on her breast. And with that, she decided to be the aggressor, seeking what her body wanted.

Melody pushed Logan onto his back, enjoying the surprised look on his face. She straddled his hips, rising above him. She reached behind her, undoing the clasp of her bra and instantly Logan's hands were back, stroking her skin, palming her n**ples, his h*ps rising beneath her body.

"You're a beautiful woman, Melody. I hope you know that. Any fool can see..."

She placed a finger against his lips, looked into Logan's eyes. "No more of him. He's ancient history."

She leaned forward, removing her finger, and replacing it with her lips, kissing the stranger that she found so irresistible. The feel of his erection against her inner thigh again, achingly close to where she wanted him to be, reminded her of what she really wanted.

Melody reluctantly broke their kiss. Logan's hands were now on her hips, holding her lightly, but firmly, the pressure of his fingers telling her he wanted the same thing she did, to be buried deep inside of her. And it was time for that to happen. She was ready and so was he.

Settling down, spreading her legs, she lowered herself onto Logan. She closed her eyes for a moment, exhaling, relishing the feel of his full, thick c*ck entering her, listening to the passionate, hungry sounds he made, somewhere between a moan and a sigh of relief.

His fingers were holding her more firmly, digging into her flesh, as she began to move, the friction of his c*ck inside her fanning the fire that his foreplay had started.

Logan's hands moved smoothly to her legs, gliding over the sheer stockings from her knees upward, his thumbs sliding along the insides of her curvy thighs, finding some erogenous zone she'd never known existed. His firm pressure soon had her gasping as she brought her body down on his cock, swiveling her h*ps forward, grinding against him with unashamed intensity.

She looked down at Logan, watching the animalistic hunger spread across his face. His eyes met hers, the raw passion she saw there so intense, it almost took her breath away and she felt herself shudder from the electricity that coursed through her veins leaving her skin sprinkled with delicious, cool sweat.

Something changed between them then, a shift of power that told her Logan was no longer content to let her take the lead. He planted his feet on the bed, flexing his h*ps upward sharply, meeting her body, and exerting his own rhythm until Melody was breathless, unable to match his pace. Leaning forward, she placed her hands on either side of his shoulders as he drove himself into her, his arms wrapped tightly around her waist.

She suddenly found herself forcefully rolled onto her back, Logan claiming the space between her legs, his mouth now claiming hers in a rough, passionate kiss. No longer was she the aggressor; Logan was moving with power and speed, thrusting hard into her.

Melody was at his mercy and more than willing to give into to his control, letting him slide his arms beneath her legs, rising above her on his knees. His gaze never left her face, as if he were searching for something in the depths of her eyes.

His thrusts were almost, but not quite, brutal, taking her on a rapidly spiraling ride of ecstasy. She could feel her breath catch as each thrust forced a cry from her throat. Sensations flooded her body, things she'd never felt before, fleeting but intense, and suddenly it all broke apart, her release sweeping her away.

She was aware of Logan, of his body moving differently, his own sharp cries mixing with hers as he came, his body tensed above her. Instinctively she reached for him, pulling him down to her, wrapping her legs around his waist. He buried his head in her shoulder, his sounds muffled against her body as he spent himself inside of her.

After long minutes, Logan pulled away, rolling onto his back. She felt his hand moving between them, searching for and finding hers, winding his fingers through her own. She lay still, listening to his breathing returning to normal, to the beat of her own heart as it finally slowed. And she drifted into a contented sleep.

It was a long time later when she felt the bed move, felt the softness of the sheet falling across her body and then the weight of Logan's arm heavy on her shoulder as he pulled her to his chest. She nestled drowsily against his body, resting her head against him and he moved again, cradling her, his legs entwined with hers.

The last thing Melody was aware of, as she drifted off in a hazy state on the edge of exhaustion, was inhaling Logan's scent, a combination of spicy and earthy, deeply masculine, vaguely scented with whisky, and the distinctive odor of sex, all mingled into a heady mixture that somehow soothed her into a deep sleep.

* * *

Melody groaned, rolling over in bed. The light from the window cut across her pillow, sending a wave of pain through her head. She threw an arm across her eyes, waiting for the agony to subside. She took a few deep breaths, eyes closed, and then it hit her. She wasn't at home.

She sat up in bed, quickly closing her eyes again as the room spun around her.

"Oh, my God. What the hell have I done?"

It all came back in a rush of images. The text from Patrick, drunk at the hotel bar...and Logan. Oh, shit. Logan. She'd slept with Logan MacKenzie. Holy shit!

Melody opened one eye, looking around the room. Her clothes were neatly folded over the back of a chair, her purse on the bedside table. But there was no sign of Logan, not even a stray piece of clothing. The bathroom door was open but that room was empty to. She was alone. Typical rockstar...one-night stand with a drunken, wanton woman.

"Stupid...stupid mistake." Melody flopped back on the bed, jarring her head again. Something crinkled beneath her outstretched arm. Rolling over, she fished a piece of hotel stationary from the pillow next to her. She smoothed it out on the sheet, squinting as she tried to focus on the scrawling handwriting.

'Melody...Next time I'm in New York, I'll call you. The tour comes through here in about a month. I need to see you again. Logan.' The word 'need' was underlined three times.

Like that will ever happen. Shaking her head, she crumpled the note, tossing it to the floor.

"You've done some very stupid things in your life, Melody, but this takes the cake." She squinted at the alarm clock on the bedside table. It was well past ten o'clock. The card next to the clock reminded her that check out time was at eleven.

"Shit..." She climbed out of bed, heading for the bathroom, debating whether she had time for a shower. Turning on the hot water, she decided if she was late leaving the room, Logan MacKenzie could afford to pay for any extra charges.

By the time she got home, Melody was feeling almost normal, not craving bed and aspirin as she had earlier. She dumped her purse on her bed, checking her cell phone for messages. There were several from Patrick, all of which she deleted. One from her mother, quickly saved for later. And one from Melissa. That she hesitated over, then deleted it. She could deal with Melissa on Monday.

She and Melissa were best friends, had been since Melody had started at the firm. Melissa was her paralegal and without her, she would literally be lost. Melissa tracked everything from docket dates to filing status to all her appointments. She had a knack of being able to put her finger on any piece of paper needed, even those pesky documents that somehow went missing on Melody's desk, buried under mountains of other papers. Melody felt a pang of guilt; her success in winning the Montague case had been in no small part due to Melissa's expertise. She made a mental note to do something special, take Melissa to lunch or get her something special to mark the occasion. Melissa had mentioned there was a scarf at Barney's she'd had her eye on.

The chirp of her cell phone interrupted her musings. Flipping it open, she recognized Patrick's number. Her first instinct was to send the call to voice mail but she knew he'd just keep calling until he got through.

"Hello?" She sat back on the sofa, kicking her heels up before dropping her feet on the coffee table. There was a run in her stocking, which somehow annoyed her greatly.

"Melody. I've been trying to reach you since last night...I think...we should...I mean, how are you?"

Melody massaged her temple with her free hand. "Patrick. You broke up with me. In a text message. And you have the nerve to call and ask how I am? How the f**k do you think I am?" She heard the rising anger in her voice and it made her head hurt again. Damn Patrick.

There was brief silence from Patrick's end. "I...it was a terrible thing to do, Melody. And I'm sorry. It was impulsive."

"It was more than impulsive. It was mean and heartless. Look, you made yourself clear. We're through. You don't get to call now and ask how I am. You made it clear I'm out of your life. So, you're out of mine."

Melody took a deep breath. "In fact, I've moved on, Patrick. There's someone else. And he's more of a man than you could ever hope to be."

Flipping the phone shut, she tossed it on the coffee table. She may have made a mistake in sleeping with Logan MacKenzie, but at least she could put the experience to some good use. She felt a smile tugging at the corner of her mouth as she thought about Patrick, who was probably staring at his phone in confusion. Let him think about that bit of information for a while.

Melody went to her bedroom, slipping out of her dress, grabbing her pajamas. Even though it was still afternoon, there was no way she was going to leave the apartment. Traumatic events called for drastic measures and being dumped by ones fiance and sleeping with a stranger were traumatic.

Tying the sash to her robe, she padded barefoot to the kitchen, opened the freezer, moving aside frozen dinners and ice cube trays, unearthing the pint of Chocolate Therapy ice cream she kept stashed in the back, just for such emergencies.

Back on the couch, dipping into the ice cream, her mind went back over the previous night. And she closed her eyes, cringing at the memory. Never, ever had she picked up a stranger in a bar. And she was certainly no groupie. Her firm represented all kinds of celebrities and she had never fallen for any of them, even remotely. She had been professional with all of them, even those who had made a blatant pass at her. It was something she prided herself on.

But now, she'd crossed the line. And it was all Patrick's fault. She scooped up another spoonful of ice cream, the creamy chocolate melting on her tongue. If he hadn't been such a jerk, hadn't broken up with her via text, for heaven's sake...and after she's won her first case...she wouldn't have been drowning her sorrows at the bar, an easy mark for Mr. Logan MacKenzie. Easy mark; that was her. And Logan had taken advantage of her. That was clear.

And now, here she was, drowning her sorrows in a pint of Ben and Jerry's. She licked the spoon, reluctantly put the cover back on and stashed the pint in the back of the freezer. Men were her downfall. So was ice cream, but that was a different story.

"No good...any of them. None of them." She muttered to herself as she went back to her room. Her headache had returned and now she really did crave a nap, and aspirin. But the nap came first. Curled up on her bed, she muttered a resolution to the room at large.

"No more men." Only work; that at least she knew she did well. She would dive into whatever her boss gave her, one hundred and ten percent, and work late if necessary. She'd bury herself in her client load and put all of this behind her.

Rolling over, her eyes closed, she decided that really was the best thing to do.

* * *

Monday found Melody at work early, already behind her desk, her attention focused on a brief, when Melissa knocked on her door.

"Hey, good morning. Come in." She cleared a spot on the edge of her desk as Melissa sat in the chair across from her. Melissa had her usual stack of docket books and case files, ready to give Melody the list of the week's upcoming deadlines.

"So, how was your weekend? I called you, but you must have been having a wild time with Patrick...." Melissa stopped as Melody dropped her gaze, shaking her head.

"Is something wrong? Did I say something...?"

"No, you're fine. It's Patrick." Melody straightened her back, looking at Melissa. She knew she'd have to talk about it with her co-workers at some point. Everyone knew they'd gotten engaged, knew about the wedding plans; she'd made such a big deal about all of it. She felt embarrassed now, but decided to look at this as an opportunity. She'd deal with this head on, get past it and get back to work. Run toward the monster, not away.

"He broke off the engagement on Friday night." Melody watched, not without a bit of amusement, as a range of emotions flash across Melissa's face, including a brief smile of something that resembled relief. She felt a frown crease her forehead.

Melody had suspected Melissa had a bit of a harmless crush on Patrick; the girl blushed crimson any time he'd come to visit Melody at the office, and became giddy and giggly if they all went out for drinks. Melissa was young and Melody chalked it up to girlishness and inexperience with men.

Melissa's face finally settled into an expression of concern. "I'm so sorry, Melody. That must have been awful, especially after the high you were on from winning the Montague case. Did he ask for the ring back?" Melissa nodded toward Melody's left hand, the ring finger bare.

"No, actually...he broke up via text."

"You're kidding! Patrick? I would never have thought...he's such...he always seemed such a gentleman. Did he give you a reason?"

Melody shook her head, waving her hand. "No. Just that this 'wasn't the right time'...something vague." She really didn't want to get into that much detail with Melissa, certainly not at the office. Maybe after work sometime. Melody still really wasn't sure of Patrick's reasons, and right now, he was the last thing she wanted to talk about.

"So, what's on the docket for this week?" Melody sat forward, picking up her pen, smiling at Melissa.

"Oh, okay." Melissa took the cue and opened up the red leather docket book, scanning the dated columns.

"So, you have three filings due, Benton on Wednesday; Phillips, and Monroe on Thursday. All of them are on your desk..." Melissa pointed to the stack at Melody's elbow.

"And I see you're already working on the Benton case." Melissa nodded toward the open file in front of Melody.

"Do you think Benton will go to trial or will they settle?"

"I think they'll settle. I don't think either party wants to drag this out. The Montague case was the exception, you know. Not everyone wants their day in court, or is as stubborn as Frank Montague is." Montague was a high rolling casino owner who enjoyed the limelight. His favorite quote was 'Bad publicity is still my name in the paper.'

"Most are willing to work out a deal. Sometimes it's just a matter of a client feeling they were listened to and being treated fairly. I get that's more what Benton is looking for at this point."

"But the Montague case made Mr. Marshall happy and makes you the star of the week." Melissa blushed at the mention of Ryan Marshall, managing partner and Melody's boss.

Melody laughed. "Well, yes, a big case and a win equals a big fee for the firm. And I can't deny I'm still enjoying the good feelings from winning my first big case."

Melissa hesitated and Melody knew there was more the girl was aching to know. "So...are you okay, Melody? I tried calling, like I said, but you didn't answer. Were you upset after, well, the thing with Patrick?"

Melody debated only briefly how to answer. She was still appalled over what had happened with Logan, and wild horses wouldn't drag it out of her, much less Melissa. She shook her head.

"I drowned my sorrows in a pint of ice cream, nothing more. Totally dove into that, and slept, and didn't come up for air till Sunday."

"Oh...yeah. That's probably what I would have done." Melissa stood, clutching her stack of notebooks and folders. "Well, back to work. Drop the Benton file on my desk when you're ready."

Melody spent the rest of the day immersed in her work, trying hard to push everything from the weekend out of her head. But fleeting images of Logan MacKenzie kept cropping up unexpectedly, pushing their way to her consciousness. Images of him as he held her, kissed her, as he did things that drove her crazy, as she gave in to him. As he took advantage of her.

It was well after lunch when she heard a knock at her door. Her boss, Ryan Marshall was leaning against the doorframe.

"Hey, how's my star today? I've been meaning to drop by, but the partners' meeting ran longer than I anticipated."

Melody blew out a breath, waving Ryan toward a chair. "Come in. I'm fine. Back in the thick of it. Did you want an update on my cases?" She shuffled the case files on her desk, trying to restore some semblance of order.

"No, not today. I checked with Melissa on your docket and you have a fairly light week. There's nothing new on the foreseeable horizon. But we all know that can change with jut a phone call." Ryan stepped into her office, closing the door behind him.

"She told me about Patrick. I'm really sorry, Melody. I know how much you love...him. How much you were looking forward to getting married. You must be absolutely devastated."

Melody cringed. She'd wanted to avoid this conversation with Ryan, or at least been more prepared for it. And now I have Melissa telling tales at work.

Ryan had seemed to have a difficult time after Melody announced her engagement. She'd long suspected he'd had some kind of feelings for her, but his consummate professionalism had kept him from acting on them. She was apprehensive now that all that might change.

But Ryan appeared sincerely concerned, and she relaxed.

"Thank you, Ryan. It is...was hard. I'm not really ready to talk about it, so..." She smiled and Ryan took his cue, rising from his chair.

"I understand. I'm here for you, Melody, whatever you need. Even if it's just to talk. Or not talk..." He laughed. "You know what I mean. I value your friendship, you know that. My door is always open."

Melody watched as Ryan left her office. She idly tapped her pen against her teeth, lost in thought, a whirlwind of emotions suddenly surfacing. And chief among them was the regret she felt over her night with Logan MacKenzie, combined with a persistent and annoying visual of Logan, his dark hair sexy messy, watching her in the throes of passion, as he did things to her no man had ever done. It was the alcohol...that damned Macallan.

She shook her head, trying to dislodge the image. "Work, Melody...just do your work."

But over the next several days, Melody found it increasingly difficult to forget her night with Logan. She'd be blindsided at odd moments by a thought of him, at hearing a voice that sounded like his. Catching a glimpse of any tall dark-haired man would make her gasp. And hearing his latest hit song on the radio almost drove her over the edge. There was nothing between them, but a one-night stand...a damn good one, but just one night. And he took advantage of the situation, of my emotional state and...I was drunk.

It wasn't until a couple of weeks had passed before she forced herself to take the time to think about what had happened. She'd accepted an invitation from Ryan for drinks after work, and had invited Melissa along. Ryan had been good-natured about Melissa showing up with her, but Melody sensed an undercurrent of mild annoyance.

But Ryan had been his ever-charming self, attentive to Melody, even more so after Melissa had gone home. But she couldn't focus on Ryan after a couple of drinks. Her thoughts kept going back to Logan, to their night together. She was distant and it wasn't long before Ryan picked up on it.

"Is there something bothering you, Melody? Is it Patrick?"

She winced. Patrick was the least of her worries. She hadn't thought about him in days. In fact, it surprised her at how easily she had been able to just push the whole thing out of her mind. He'd called a few times, once asking for the ring back as Melissa had predicted. She wasn't sure what that said about their relationship...or lack thereof.

"Not so much Patrick as my reaction to what happened. I did something...rash." She took a sip of her drink, playing with the little plastic sword that held a cherry that lay at the bottom of the glass.

"I can't imagine you doing something rash." Ryan chuckled softly, leaning on the bar watching her closely. "You're the epitome of clear thinking. It can't be that bad."

"I had a drunken, one-night stand with a complete stranger." There, the words were out. She'd admitted her foolish mistake. Ryan was quiet for a moment, looking at her with a serious expression on his handsome face.

"Well, I guess that was a rash move. But still..." he reached out, his hand resting on hers, squeezing her fingers briefly, warm and solid against her skin. "It's not like you've continued that pattern. You're not a wanton woman; I'm sure it was just an extreme reaction to an extreme situation."

Melody's head jerked, a fragment of memory sliding through her mind. Never leave the Macallan, even for a beautiful wanton woman. Damn Logan MacKenzie.

"It was...extreme." Melody didn't want to recount the details to Ryan, but she'd kept everything bottled up for so long the words just seemed to tumble from her mouth.

"It's just...well, I can't forget about it. It was...I don't want to be dramatic, and I can't say it was life-changing, but it was...more, maybe..." She frowned at her drink, poking the cherry with the plastic spear. She really couldn't continue to explain just how intense the night with Logan had been, especially with her boss.

"Maybe you've fixated on this guy...whoever he is...rather than dealing with Patrick. You haven't said anything about how that's affected you. That must have been a terrible sense of betrayal, being left by Patrick, someone you trusted, someone you loved."

Ryan's hand had moved to her arm, his fingers sliding over her skin, quickly brushing against the side of her breast. She turned sharply, but Ryan had picked up his drink, looking at her over the edge of his glass. She shook her head. You're far too jumpy...and more than a little tipsy here.

She shrugged, pushing her drink away, the cherry in tattered pieces. "Maybe. Maybe you're right. I'm beating myself up over my mistake rather than let myself think about Patrick. I don't know."

She wasn't thinking clearly-again-and the last time she'd been like this, something terrible had happened. But this is Ryan. You know Ryan.

"Melody..." Ryan's voice was suddenly very close, his breath moving the hair on the nape of her neck. She turned toward him and found him right there, his gaze locked with hers. Before she could speak, their lips were pressed together and she was kissing Ryan.

With a gasp, she broke away. "Oh, I'm sorry." She turned away, feeling a heated blush on her cheeks. When she turned back to Ryan, he was looking at her with an intensity that startled her, but that was quickly replaced by a look of genuine concern.

"Melody...you're confused right now. I think...maybe we'd better call it a night. Before you lose control"

"Ryan, really. I am sorry. I don't know...this isn't like me." Maybe it is; maybe you throw yourself at any handsome man when you've been drinking since Patrick dumped you.

"Let me call you a cab, okay? You should go home. Don't worry about it; I'll see you tomorrow at work."

The cab ride home was miserable. All she could focus on was the fact she'd kissed her boss. Her head was spinning and by the time she let herself into her apartment, she was in tears.

Melody set the alarm, crawled into bed and pulled the covers over her head. What the hell have I done?

But sleep was elusive and the longer she lay in bed, tossing and turning, the more muddled the evening became. Had she kissed Ryan or had he kissed her? The more she thought about it, the more it seemed he'd initiated the kiss. She remembered him touching her hand, his fingers skating over the tender skin on the inside of her arm, brushing against her breast. That had happened, she was sure of it...but then...

She rolled over, punching her pillow in frustration. No more alcohol for you...ever.

Sleep finally overcame her, along with the disconcerting memory of Ryan's lips on hers. And that memory was swiftly replaced by one of Logan MacKenzie, his irresistible lips on her mouth, sliding over her body...Logan, who had taken advantage of her. But who had also taken her on a whirlwind ride of passion.

* * *

As much as she wanted to, Melody knew she couldn't avoid Ryan all day. It was just after lunch when she finally worked up the courage to go to his office.

He was sitting at his desk, dictating, when she knocked on his open door. He waved her to the chair in front of his desk as he finished his dictation. Setting aside his notes, he rose, closing the door before taking the seat next to Melody.

"How are you today? I haven't seen much of you. Nose to the grindstone again?" He smiled at her as if nothing happened and Melody wondered if their kiss had really taken place last night. But she knew she wasn't that drunk; she hadn't imagined that.

"Ryan, about last night..."

Before she could continue, he raised his hand. "Melody, it's in the past. What happened...or what you think happened...let's just leave it alone, okay? You're under a bit of stress, and I'm willing to overlook a momentary indiscretion on your part."

Melody stared at Ryan. "Oh...okay. Um, thanks." Her mind was spinning. I don't think it was my indiscretion though.

"I'm glad you're here though. We have a really big case that came in today and I'd like you to take it. I'll be here for you, as always, but I want you to take the lead. It has the potential to be a high profile event, probably lots of publicity."

Melody's attention was focused on Ryan now, on the details of the case. She sat forward, anxious to get more information.

"Who is it? What's the suit?"

Ryan laughed. "Slow down. I don't have a file yet; Lori is gathering preliminary information. You can stop by her desk on the way out, see if she's finished. Otherwise, you'll meet the plaintiff this afternoon. He's coming in around two. I thought I'd set up the meeting through Melissa; she should have let you know. I was surprised when I hadn't gotten a reply to the meeting invitation."

Melody shook her head. "No, nothing on my calendar." Not like Melissa to drop the ball.

"Well, in any event, we're meeting in the twelfth floor conference room. I'd like you there about fifteen minutes early, if you can, so we can go over what we know. The case is still pretty straight-forward at this point; our client is suing his manager. But from what I understand, the client is also part of a group, who use the same manager. It probably has its complications, but I'm sure you'll be able to handle it with no problem."

Ryan stood, Melody following his lead. He took a step and she turned toward the door, placing her hand on the knob. She turned to say something, but before she could speak, Ryan placed his hand against the door, almost pinning her between him and the solid wood.

"Melody, I want you to know this is very important, not just because it's a high-profile case for the firm, but how important it will be for you, for your career. Winning this is going to greatly help you in making partner; it could almost be a lock if you win."

Ryan moved closer still; Melody could smell his cologne, feel the warmth of his breath on her neck. His voice was a dangerous rumble.

"I want you to succeed at this, do you understand? You making partner is going to be very good for you, for the firm. I take great pride in knowing I'm helping you succeed. And I'm prepared to do whatever it takes to help you. Are you willing to do whatever you need to do to succeed?"

She looked at Ryan, nodding. There was nothing she could think to say. Of course, she wanted to be a partner in the firm; who didn't?

Ryan reached out, his hand on her arm, his fingers caressing her softly. An involuntary shiver ran through her body and she swallowed hard, her throat suddenly dry. The intensity she thought she'd seen the night before - thought she'd imagined - was back in Ryan's eyes, desire prowling across his face.

"Good. So we're on the same page then?"

Melody nodded again and Ryan reached for the doorknob, pulling the door open. The sudden movement of the door and the pressure of Ryan's hand on her arm forced Melody to take an awkward step forward into Ryan, who didn't step back. Melody's hands came up automatically against Ryan's chest and for a moment, they were pressed together.

Her breath caught in her throat. She'd never thought of Ryan in any terms but professional, but now, pressed against him like this, a flush swept through her body. Ryan looked down at her, his gaze intense, locked with hers.

"Remember, same page." Ryan's voice was a whisper, a conspiratorial look flashing in his eyes. He stepped back quickly and Melody stumbled forward as the door swung open behind her. Ryan was still holding her arm and he steadied her, his fingers gripping her elbow.

"Melody...you okay?" Ryan's voice was full of concern as she lurched forward, clinging to Ryan.

Melody was pressed up against him, hands splayed across his chest, but this time standing in the open doorway of his office. Ryan's paralegal, Lori, was looking at them with wide eyes, mouth open.

"Oh, sure...I'm fine...clumsy of me. See you at two." Melody tried to jerk away from Ryan, her face flaming, but his hand still held elbow, guiding her through the open door. He finally released her and she bolted for the elevator, feeling as if every eye in the office following her as she fled. She tried to control her racing heart as she waited for the elevator, cursing herself under her breath.

Back in her office, she checked her schedule. There was an appointment on her calendar, entered by Lori. But not by Melissa. What is up with her lately?

Melody didn't have time to think about that now; she was flustered and confused over her meeting with Ryan. What the hell had happened? Was he making moves on her or was she just making this up? Was she really that desperate for a man's attention that she was throwing herself at Ryan? Like I threw myself at Logan?

Melody glanced at her watch. It was almost time for her to get upstairs to the conference room. As confused as she was about Ryan, she was excited to have a new case, something high profile. Taking a quick trip to the ladies room, she combed her hair and checked her face in the mirror, pronouncing herself presentable for her meeting with the new client.

Back in her office, Melody shrugged into her suit jacket and grabbed her legal pad and pen, tucking a couple of business cards into her pocket before heading out to the elevator. Melissa was at her desk, head down hidden behind a stack of files, and Melody briefly debated asking her to join the meeting. On impulse she detoured past the elevator toward Melissa's cubicle.

"Hey, come with me. Ryan's assigned me a new case, something big, and I want you to be there. You can take notes and we can talk after. There are a few things we need to discuss anyway. Did you get the invitation from him?"

Melissa shook her head, a slight frown briefly creasing her forehead. But she grabbed her legal pad, following Melody and they rode the elevator to the twelfth floor.

"What's the case? Do you know who the client is?"

Melody laughed. "No...you sound like me in Ryan's office earlier." She frowned, momentarily distracted and confused by images of the meeting in Ryan's office. But she forced herself to concentrate on the upcoming meeting.

"Just that it's high-profile, client suing manager. Didn't even get a name yet."

The conference room was at the end of the hall. The door was closed as they approached. Melody hesitated, hearing male voices coming from inside. She glanced at her watch. It wasn't even quarter of two yet; she couldn't be late. Knocking softly, she swung the door open. And stopped dead in her tracks, Melissa bumping into her back.

Sitting at the far end of the conference room table, next to Ryan Marshall, was none other than Logan MacKenzie.

Ryan turned toward her, a welcoming smile on his face but reproach in his eyes. Melody recognized immediately she'd made a faux pas by being late, but this wasn't the time to worry about it. She pasted a matching smile on her face and entered the room.

"Here she is, the attorney who will be the lead on your case. Logan, this is Melody Lawson. Melody, Logan MacKenzie."

Logan rose, and she felt his eyes on her as she walked into the room, praying he wouldn't say anything...at all. As much as she wanted to look away-to run away-Melody knew she could not. But there was a tiny part of her that fluttered alive, her breath catching as she looked at him.

He was wearing a dark suit and tie, and a crisp white shirt. Even conservatively dressed, he exuded the charm and charisma of a rock star. And, she had to admit, the latent sexuality was there, just beneath the surface. That same sexuality she'd succumbed to weeks before. Nothing could diminish that, not even a suit and tie.

He extended a hand and she took it, the touch of his skin on hers making her heart race.

"It's nice to meet you, Melody." His voice was low and he held her hand a moment longer than necessary, and Melody did nothing to pull away, as everything in the room fading away and she looked into those dark eyes. She finally found her voice.

"Yes. Nice to meet you as well, Mr. MacKenzie." She hastily pulled her hand away, taking a step backward, hitting the edge of the table with her leg. She heard a noise behind her and recovered enough of her composure to introduce Melissa.

"This...this is Melissa Montgomery. My paralegal. You'll be seeing a great deal of her as well."

Logan turned to Melissa, smiling and shaking her hand briefly. Melody could see Melissa was star-struck, looking like the cliched deer-in-the-headlights, gazing open-mouthed up at Logan. Melody coughed softly in an effort to get her attention. Ryan stepped forward into the breach.

"Shall we get started?" He looked at Melody, an eyebrow cocked. She gave him an equally puzzled look and a brief shrug of her shoulder.

Melissa had apparently realized she was indeed working, hurriedly taking a seat next to Melody across the table from Logan. Ryan took his accustomed place at the head of the table, the case file open in front of him.

"Okay. A brief history. Logan is lead single in a band called Revival. His complaint is against his manager, Jack Ashton. Do you want to explain in your own words the basis of the suit? Why you want to pursue action against Mr. Ashton?"

Logan nodded. "Ashton's been Revival's manager back when we were playing in little pubs in Glasgow, trying to get noticed. He's the one who got us our first major contract. He was nothing then too; we pulled each other along, in a way."

Logan shifted uneasily in his chair. "But when we hit it big, things changed. My band mates and I, we were happy to finally be paid for playing, paid in money, not pints. But Ashton wanted more. He convinced me to try a solo album; it did well, but my heart's with the band, not being on my own. But then he started pushing me away from them, toward something I didn't want, diving a wedge between us." Logan hesitated.

"And then the money started disappearing."

Melody had been taking notes, her head down. She looked up at Logan, noticing the change in the tone of his voice. He was impassioned when he talked about his band, but his voice suddenly grew cold at the mention of missing money.

"And is that the reason you want to bring this suit against him? For the money?"

Logan shrugged his shoulders, shifting again. "Yes, he stole money from me, from the band...and he should be held accountable for that. But it's more than just that."

"You want your band mates back." Melody's voice was low and Logan looked directly at her as he spoke.

"Aye, I do. I miss them and the music we make together. This tour has been torture, just four guys on stage going through the motions and trying hard not to bash each other's heads in. Truth be told, the times we were paid in pints was one of our happiest. It was just us, playing our music and making people happy. There's no living to be earned by that, but there's something else we had. We had each other. Ashton took that away as well as our money." He spread his hands on the table in a gesture of despair, still looking at Melody.

Melody smiled and Logan returned her smile, albeit one tinged with sadness. Something in Melody let go then, a tiny part of her anger at Logan dissolved. She was struck by his honestly, the earnest way he spoke. By his integrity. And by the simple request to have his life back to where it made him happiest.

Maybe I did misjudge him, jump to conclusions. She shook her head. But it was still a one-night stand. And you're just his lawyer now. Nothing more.

Ryan coughed and both Logan and Melody turned to him.

"I think it might be helpful if you met with Melody now, and she can do the rest of the initial intake for the case, get some hard facts. I'll leave you two alone."

Ryan slid the case file across to Melody, and he and Melissa left the room, Melissa casting a longing glance back at Logan. As the door closed behind them, Melody sat back in her chair, crossing her arms over her chest. Logan leaned forward, resting his hands on the table.

"It's good to see you again, Melody." He smiled, then grew serious. But she noticed the smile never really left his eyes. "But I get the feeling you're not so happy to see me."

"Why should I be? You took advantage of me when I was at my lowest...when I was drunk...on that hateful Macallan of yours!" Melody was surprised by the rising pitch of her voice and took a breath, glancing at the closed conference room door, trying to rein in her emotions. She lowered her voice.

"We had a one-night stand, nothing more. And now I'm your attorney. We should put this behind us; for one thing, it's not going to do any good for your case if anyone knows what happened."

"Melody, I didn't take advantage of anything that wasn't offered. You were there, a bit hazy around the edges, but you were absolutely there with me."

Logan walked around the table, sitting in the chair next to Melody. Before she could roll her chair away, he grabbed the armrests, turning her to face him. They were close enough that his knees brushed against her legs.

"Listen to me, Melody. What may have been a one-night stand to you was much more than that for me. I meant what I said in my note; I had every intention of calling you, of seeing you again when I came back to New York. But this shite with Ashton exploded during the middle of the band's tour. It's taken all of my time and energy to hold the band together long enough to perform each night. It's been driving me crazy that I haven't called you."

Logan reached for her hand and she resisted pulling it back from him. The touch of his fingers on her skin sent a small, and not wholly unwelcomed, tingle through her body.

"Melody, you're all I've thought about since that night. I've wanted to call, believe me, I did. But I wanted to see you, to touch you again. I thought whatever it was between us was all too new to trust to just talking over the phone. Maybe I was wrong, but I didn't know what else to do."

Melody was watching Logan closely; saw what she hoped-wished, maybe-was sincerity in his face, in his voice. She wanted to believe him, if only because it made her feel less like a fool he took advantage of and more like maybe this could be the beginning of something between them. After the case...

"Logan, this, whatever it was...is...it's all confusing right now." She slowly pulled her hand away from his, not missing the hurt look that briefly clouded his gaze.

She took a deep breath. "Let's concentrate on the case for now, okay? That's the real reason you're here, not me." She picked up her pen, pulling her legal pad closer.

"It's both." Logan tilted his head, a slight frown creasing his forehead. "I mean, I did ask for you to represent me. You're the only one I'd trust with this, and not just because I bedded you once. You have an excellent reputation. Marshall wanted to represent me himself but I insisted it be you."

Melody tapped her pen on the table, frowning. Ryan had said nothing about Logan's request. Nothing was making sense today. The only solid thing she had to grasp at the moment was the case, even as nebulous as that was at the moment. She closed her eyes briefly, taking a deep breath, gathering her thoughts.

"Okay. First, let's get started on the case. That's here, in front of us, something tangible. We can sort out the rest later."

Logan smiled. "Later...I like the sound of that."

Melody had no choice but to smile. Logan was nothing if not charming and charismatic. That she remembered well from their night together. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all, she mused.

She shook her head. Concentrate, Melody. You're working here, not planning a date.

Logan and Melody spent the next hour going over the details of Ashton's involvement as Logan's manager, the relationship between Ashton and the band, and Logan's solo career. She'd filled several pages of her legal pad with notes before she was satisfied.

Melody finally tossed her pen on the table, sitting back in her chair, looking over the case file.

"I think we have enough to get started. I'll have Melissa send you a list of documents you'll need to produce, and we'll need to contact Ashton's legal counsel." She flipped through the file. "Good...we've got that information here, I see." She tossed the file on the table.

She absently rubbed her left hand, easing out the writer's cramp she always got from gripping her pen. Logan reached out, taking her hand, gently massaging her palm with strong fingers. This time she didn't pull away...didn't want to pull away. She closed her eyes, leaning her head against the back of the chair.

His touch on her hand somehow seemed right and it puzzled her. Here, in the bright light of day, after listening to his solemn recital of Jack Ashton's business dealings, she almost felt closer to him than she had during their night together. You're supposed to be angry with him, not enjoying this. And you can't sleep with a client.

She opened her eyes, watching him as she concentrated on her hand. He was still looking down as he spoke, his fingers sliding over her bare ring finger. "Have dinner with me tonight, Melody. No pressure, just to talk. About the case, if you must."

Logan looked up at her, grinning. "Although I'd rather talk about us, or the weather, or anything else except Jack Ashton...tonight."

He'd stopped massaging her hand, but still held it, his finger drawing slow circles on her palm. As much as she wanted to still be mad at him, she couldn't hold her anger at Logan. He was here, in the flesh, apparently sincere and honest in his intentions toward her. And able to kindle a flame inside her with the merest touch of his hand on hers, even here in a boring, staid conference room at work. She sighed.

"Alright. Dinner. That's all...and no Macallan." She smiled, waving a finger at him. "I think you used it like some Scottish magic potion or something, got me all confused and took advantage of me."

Logan shook his head, the corners of his mouth turning up in a roguish grin. Melody noticed how his smile reached all the way to his eyes. It was infectious and it made her roll her eyes, her own smile deepening, his accent broadening for a moment.

"Aye, ye discovered my secret then. But I'll not ply ye with the Macallan tonight. I'll let you order your own drinks and not try to influence you unduly."

Melody laughed. "Fine. Dinner tonight then."

There was a knock at the door and Melody swiveled her chair around. Ryan opened the door, taking a step into the room. He stopped abruptly, his eyes darkening, looking back and forth between Logan and Melody. A muscle twitched in his jaw. She felt Logan's grip tighten on her hand. A strange undercurrent of tension suddenly sprang up in the room, catching Melody off guard.

Then Ryan smiled, his face relaxing and the tension was gone. He walked into the room, resting his hands on the back of a nearby chair.

"I see you're done with the initial interview. Melody, I'll need to meet with you, so we can formulate our initial game plan."

Melody realized Logan was still holding her and she extricated herself from his grasp, pushing away from the table. The look on Ryan's face had startled her; it was an odd mixture of anger and what Melody thought was jealousy. But then it was gone, replaced by his usual smooth professional demeanor.

Gathering her legal pad, she rose from her chair. Logan stood as well and she felt his hand on the small of her back, a warm, solid presence. Or someone staking a claim?

"Yes, we're finished, for now." She turned to Logan. "I'll have Melissa contact you about the documents and I'll be in touch in a few days."

She saw Logan's brows pull together and she held his gaze a moment longer. "Why don't you give me your contact number as well, so I'll be able to reach you, if I need anything before that?" She took a business card from her pocket and slid it toward Logan.

He took her pen, scribbling on the back of the card. He handed it to her and she glanced down before tucking it into her pocket. She recognized the name of a restaurant and a time, along with a phone number.

"Let me walk you out, Logan." Ryan was already inserting himself between Melody and Logan, sliding his arm around Logan's shoulders, ushering him toward the door. Logan looked back and Melody gave him a smile and a nod.

"It was nice meeting you, Ms. Lawson."

Ryan turned back. "Melody, meet me in my office and we'll see where we're at."

Melody nodded again, following the men out of the conference room, Ryan steering Logan toward the elevator, deep in conversation. Instead of heading to Ryan's office, she took the stairs to her own floor, slipping into her office and closing the door.

She fished the card out of her pocket and counted to a hundred, then dialed the number. It rang once and she heard Logan's voice.

"Are you alone?" She whispered and instantly felt silly. She heard Logan's rich laugh on the other end of the line.

"Aye, he was in a hurry to see me gone. Will you meet me tonight then?"

"Yes. I'll be there at eight. Listen, I have to go now. I'll see you tonight." She hung up, gathering her legal pad, heading back up to Ryan's office. He was at Lori's desk when she came around the corner.

"There you are. Come in. We've got some things to discuss." He motioned Melody into his office, closing the door behind her. She sat at the small table, opening her notes, ready to give Ryan the details of the information Logan had told her.

Ryan sat down across from her. "First, let me start by saying we're not getting off to a good start here. I'm going out on a limb here by giving you this case. I'm not sure if I was clear earlier. The other partners don't feel you're ready for this, and frankly, after your actions today, I'm think I might agree with them."

Melody felt as if someone had thrown cold water in her face. "I'm not sure what you mean, Ryan. It was your idea to give me this case, wasn't it?"

"Yes, based on your performance here. But today...between being late and your inappropriate behavior with the client, I have my doubts."

Ryan stood, moving around the table toward Melody. He sat on the edge of the table, his body blocking Melody from standing. She felt pinned in her chair, Ryan looming over her. Ryan leaned toward her, his face close to hers.

"Same page, remember? I'm going to have a hard time explaining your behavior to the other partners, unless we can come to an understanding."

Ryan reached out, his fingers beneath Melody's chin, tilting her face to his. He leaned further and before she could react, his lips were on hers, hard and insistent. She tried pulling away, but his fingers gripped her hard, holding her fast.

When he broke the kiss, he still held her. "I do want you to succeed, Melody. And I think you know how to make sure that happens. There is a lot I can do for you here, with this case, in you making partner..."

Melody looked up at him, afraid she really did understand what he meant. He leaned back, letting go of her chin, calmly folding his hands on his leg.

"You want me to sleep with you to keep this case...and to make partner?" She sputtered out the words, pressing herself back into the leather chair.

"It's pretty clear to me, Melody, that's what you want. You've been making advances toward me, remember? In the bar. Here, earlier today in my office. Now. It's obvious...not only to me, but others. Lori even commented about your behavior."

"But...you...I didn't...that's not how it happened!" Melody was aghast, looking up at Ryan in disbelief. "You...not me. You just kissed me!"

Ryan laughed softly. "You think anyone will believe you? I have an impeccable record here...and you're in a rather vulnerable spot right now, with this big case just given to you. Let's just say...we can help each other. You want something from me and I can give that to you, along with helping you with this case. We both win. The firm wins."

Melody shook her head. "No, I don't play that game." She tried to stand, but Ryan remained perched on the edge of the table, not giving her room to stand.

"I think we should schedule some time to go over the file, don't you?" Ryan glanced at his watch. "It's late, almost quitting time...how about coming back tonight? We could go over your notes..."

"No..." Melody was still shaking her head. What was this? This wasn't the Ryan she'd known, the mentor she'd grown to trust.

"Why are you doing this?" Her voice was barely a whisper.

"I want you...to succeed." Ryan slid off the table, opening the door to his office. "Think about it, Melody. Let me know tomorrow how you want to proceed."

Melody shuffled her papers together with shaking hands, dropping her pen in her haste to leave Ryan's office. He bent to retrieve it, holding it out to Melody. She regarded it warily, as if it might bite, clutching her files to her chest. Ryan laughed, setting the pen on the table.

"We'll start tomorrow then. I see you're not really in the right mind-set for my help right now. I want a willing partner on my team, not someone who's indecisive."

Ryan placed a hand on Melody's back, guiding her toward the open door. For a brief moment, his fingers slid lower, caressing her hip with firm fingers.

Melody was suddenly aware of the sounds of the office outside Ryan's door, the others who were leaving for the day, walking past the open door. She saw Lori at her desk, holding her purse, watching as Ryan and Melody walked past her cubicle.

"See you tomorrow, Ryan." Lori caught Melody's eye, a frown passing briefly over her face. "Good-night, Melody."

"See you bright and early, Lori. We'll have the MacKenzie case to work on tomorrow so you can plan for that."

Ryan walked Melody to the elevators. "You know, I've been thinking. We should use Lori for this case, not Melissa."

Melody opened her mouth but Ryan went on. "She's more experienced and lately, well, Melissa's been all over the place. And she's clearly ineffective when it comes to working with someone of Logan's magnitude." Ryan shook his head. "Sad...I thought she had promise."

The elevator arrived and Melody hurried into the car, pressing the button for her floor. She panicked briefly, thinking Ryan was going to ride down with her, but he remained on his floor. She watched him disappear behind the doors of the elevator, finally taking a deep breath.

Melissa was already gone when Melody got back to her office. One less confrontation for today, thank heavens.

How was she going to tell Melissa she was off the case? Melody's head was swirling. She sat at her desk, the case file spread in front of her. Logan's case.

"Oh, god. Logan...dinner." She glanced at her watch. It was still early, she had time to get home, change out of her business suit and get a cab back to meet Logan. She gave a rueful laugh. Never thought I'd be looking forward to seeing Logan MacKenzie.

* * *

Melody was still late, arriving breathlessly at the restaurant. She stood at the maitre d' station, restlessly scanning the dark restaurant, looking for Logan among the seated diners. She jumped when someone touched her arm, as a warm breath brushed against her cheek.

"You're late, but still a welcome sight." His voice was soft against her ear.

She turned, looking up at Logan. "Oh...you scared me."

"Sorry, didn't mean to. You're a bit skittish, no? Is it me, or something else?" He nodded over her head, steering her after the retreating back of the maitre d' as the man lead them to their table.

She waited until they were seated before she spoke. "Surprisingly, it's not just you."

Logan glanced at the wine list, ordering something Melody didn't catch. The waiter returned with the bottle, pouring Logan a glass of the deep, red win. He took a sip, nodded and the waiter poured a glass for Melody. She took a long swallow of hers, scowling as Logan grinned at her.

"On your way to getting wrecked again? I'll not be responsible for you...or what I might do to you...if you do."

Melody shook her head. "No, if you mean am I getting drunk. It's been a long, strange day. I needed a drink, and this is really good." She set the glass on the table, noticing there was far less in it than when she'd first picked it up.

Slow down, Melody... or you'll be right back to where you were last time.

"And I suspect I was the start of it?" Logan took a sip of wine. "Couldn't have been easy for you to find me at your office, knowing how you feel about me."

"Seeing you at the office was certainly a surprise, yes." She took a deep breath, feeling the warmth of the wine radiating through her limbs. For the first time that day she relaxed.

"But...it's nothing." She waved her hand. There was no way she could explain to Logan Ryan's behavior...she didn't think she even understood what was happening.

"The rest is work stuff and you said you didn't want to talk about that." She resisted the urge to take another gulp of wine, instead toying with the wine glass, twirling the stem between her fingers.

"Tell me about your band, Logan. I don't know much about the type of music you play. I've only heard the one song on the radio since...well, since that night."

Logan laughed. "That's what you call our night of passion, together? 'That night?'"

Melody grimaced. "I don't know what to call it, because I don't know what it was...is." She pulled her glass closer, finally giving in, taking another swallow.

Logan sat back, watching her for a moment. "Alright...the band...Revival. We'd been mates in school, messing around in garages and playing for our friends. Got the idea we were good...started playing for free in the pubs, although we got in more than one stramash..." Logan caught Melody's puzzled look. "Bar fight, I guess you'd call it. But failin' means yer playin', so we kept playin'. And we got better. Enough so we were getting paid."

There was a wistful smile on Logan's face as he spoke. "It was good back then. Sleeping on the road, writing songs in the wee hours of the morning, playing out that night and singing the same, the words on a paper stuck to the floor so I wouldn't forget them. But it was us then, only us, and we were happy."

"And that's all gone now? Because of Jack Ashton?"

"Aye. It is...or it's going fast. Me striking out on my own wasn't so bad, but Jack's made it seem as though I'm leaving the band. And that's not what I'm doing. The band is my heart; the solo stuff's just messing about. I'd leave that in a heartbeat, to be honest. But Jack's driven a wedge between us and I don't know if it can be pulled out."

Logan looked across the table at Melody. "And then you, not knowing if you're mad at me or hate me or what. It's been tearing at me, Melody. I thought I'd lost you before I even had you."

Melody laughed, shaking her head. "You haven't 'had me' yet, Logan. You slept with me-once. That does not make for a relationship. And now you're my client."

Logan shook his head, that charming smile of his playing around the corners of his mouth. He reached across the table, taking her hands in his. "I know. But I'd like the chance to make it something more."

"You would? After just one night?"

"Don't you believe in love at first sight?" Logan rubbed his thumb briefly across the knuckles of her hands, before turning them palm upward.

"Do you?" she whispered. It seemed to Melody the room had gone completely still, leaving just her and Logan.

His dark eyes met hers and she saw the same passion she remembered from their night together. Her breath caught, and in that instant she wanted him again, wanted to go with him to see if there was something more...if there could be more to this than just one night of lust. But he's your client.

"Aye, sometimes I do. I just might believe it happened to me...at least I want the chance to find out. Do you want the chance to find out, Melody?" Logan's voice was low, the smooth voice she remembered, the one that did magical things to her.

Logan was still holding her hands when the waiter arrived with their dinner. Logan spoke without looking away from Melody.

"Have dinner sent to my room, please. And a bottle of Macallan, the best year you have."

Melody was unable to hold back a laugh. "I should have known you'd pick the restaurant in your hotel. I was too distracted by being late to even notice."

Logan smiled as he rose, pulling her up from her chair. "You can't fault me for trying. And unless you're starving, I think there's a better use for our evening, don't you?"

Impulsively Melody stood on tiptoe, kissing Logan. "I do at that, Mr. MacKenzie."

It was Melody who reached back for the half-empty bottle of red wine.

"Never leave the wine, even for a handsome wanton man. I heard someone say that...or something like that...not too long ago."

* * *

Logan let them into his room, tossing the key on a side table. Melody set the wine on the coffee table, surprised at the modest size of the suite, just a small sitting area with a bedroom visible through a door to her right.

"This isn't quite...somehow I expected something bigger."

Logan had turned on a few lamps, lighting the room in a glow. As he walked toward her, she took in everything about him, how the light caught his dark eyes, with the ever-present hint of a smile, the high cheekbones, straight nose. And those lips. God, he's handsome.

"I don't need all that much...just a bed and a closet. I'd rather spend my money on good Scotch and good food..." He reached out, one hand slowly caressing Melody's arm.

"Or you, if I had the chance. I've never really had a woman to indulge. Might be something we'd both enjoy."

"I can't believe you've never had a girlfriend. None at all?" The touch of his fingers on her skin was setting a small fire alight deep inside. As handsome as he was, and as much as she was attracted to Logan, she was suddenly shy, nervous. It was easy to be brazen in the crush and noise of the restaurant, but here, alone in his room, with his intentions clear, Melody found herself unsure, hesitating. That he was her client complicated matters tremendously. Unethical, goes against everything you stand for...but only if someone finds out.

"None serious, no. There are always girls around, hangers on, groupies you'd call them. Nothing serious there. I can't say I'm immune to them; probably bedded more than I should have."

"Any recently?" Melody tried to bite back the words, but it was too late.

Logan pulled her to him, his arms going around her waist. "No, not a one since you. Don't want anyone but you. The others...usually I was just tired of being alone on the road. Sad reason to bed a woman, but there it is."

Melody could feel the warmth of his body against hers, his strong arms holding her. She looked up, lost herself for a moment in his eyes. He leaned down, his lips soft as he kissed her. But beneath the gentleness of the moment, she sensed his arousal, the passion from their first encounter barely contained beneath the surface.

Her body remembered this feeling, his lips on hers, his hands on her body. But she wasn't drunk this time, and the voice in her head that had been absent-or a sodden drunk-last time, spoke up, loud and clear. This is uncharted territory and it's not safe...it's wrong on so many levels.

But louder and more insistent was the voice that told her that this was a once in a lifetime chance at something she'd never experienced before. Is it more important than your career? It just might be...

Logan broke their kiss, looking down into Melody's eyes. "I see I have my work ahead of me. Maybe it was the Macallan last time that aided me. I'll just have to win you over with my charm alone then, without the Scotch."

"You had me at a disadvantage last time, Logan. You know that. But I am here now...I want to be here. But it's...I'm different...this time, and there's more at stake now. You're more real...everything's in sharper focus, I guess. I'm not seeing you through a haze of alcohol fueled self-pity."

" 'More real'. Hmm...I don't believe I've ever been called that. But...I have been called worse." He pulled her back against him, his hands splayed across her back, his smile lighting up his eyes.

He grew serious for a moment. "Are the stakes too high? Is this worth risking whatever it is that you have to lose?"

Melody wrapped her arms around Logan's neck, pulling him close. Her body responded to his touch, his solid warmth, his undeniable sex appeal. A smile pulled at the corners of her lips, despite her anxiety.

"Yes, I think so. But you'll have to work at winning me over this time, I guess. I'm not falling for your magic potion."

The knock on the door and the discreet call of 'room service' made her jump. Logan kissed her forehead before stepping away to open the door. A deferential waiter pushed a cart carrying their dinner into the room, prominent among the covered dishes a bottle of Macallan and two glasses.

As the waiter left, Melody saw Logan slip the do not disturb sign on the door before turning the lock. She tried unsuccessfully to suppress a giggle. Logan turned; mock serious, a frown on his face, but amusement lighting up his eyes.

"I'm serious here. You said I have work to do. I want no chance of being interrupted."

Melody waved her hands. "Oh, I know. It's just..." She collapsed on the couch in a fit of giggles. "I'm sorry...it's just...I'm not laughing at you."

"Aye, you are. But I don't mind. I'd rather have you laugh at me than wallop me alongside the head."

Logan watched as Melody regained control. "You're scared and I understand. A bit skittish, nervous giggling, all designed to put off the inevitable There's something holding you back...." He reached out a hand to her, and she took it, Logan pulling her off the couch.

She took a final deep breath as the giggles faded away. "Things were different last time, Logan. I'd just won a big case...and was dumped by my fiance. My emotions were all over the place. And yes...I was on my way to being drunk when you rescued me." She shook her head.

"I've tried to make you out to be the bad guy, but I can't think that way anymore. You're not the bad guy. You're actually quite nice...I think you're growing on me."

"Now I'm 'quite nice' then? You're damning me with faint praise, girl. I see I'll have to do much better than last time."

Melody opened her mouth to respond, but Logan's lips found hers and her reply was lost.

His kiss was not only sensual and skilled, but intense, full of passion and the hint of longing that she remembered his kisses held. She let herself relax into his arms, let this kiss consume her.

It was several minutes later when he ended the kiss, straightening, his arms still loosely around her waist. Eyes still closed, she leaned forward, lips parted.

"Oh..." Melody opened her eyes, a bit dazed as she looked up at Logan.

"So, was that just 'quite nice' or something better."

"Something much better than quite nice. Very much better."

"Are you ready to move this down the hall? As much as I enjoy kissing you, I'd much rather be between the sheets, making love to you."

Melody smiled, letting him take her hand as he led her to the bedroom. "You have such a way with words, Logan."

In the dim light of the bedroom, Melody stood in Logan's arms, her fingers slowly undoing the buttons on his shirt as he watched.

"You know, there are things you could be doing, rather than watching me." She concentrated on the task in front of her, her heart beating fast. Whether from arousal or nerves, she didn't know. And she really didn't care. The consequences could wait until tomorrow. Being this close to Logan, willingly, was a powerful feeling. I could get used to this.

"I know. But this is fine. I don't want to spook you; I want you taking your own sweet time."

She undid the last button, pulling the shirt from his arms, running her fingers over his broad chest. Logan's hands came up her torso over her blouse, cupping her br**sts, thumbs sliding across her n**ples. She caught her breath, her hands still on his body, looking up at him.

"I'm not afraid anymore, Logan. I want this now...I want you."

Logan claimed her mouth in a passionate kiss, Melody returning the emotion. All reserves Melody had melted away and she met him fully, seeking just as much from him as he did from her.

Eyes closed, Melody felt Logan's hands moving over her body, felt the tug of the zipper on her skirt being pulled down, the soft whisper of fabric against her skin as he removed her blouse. She shivered slightly as cool air moved across her nak*d body, then again as Logan held her against his warmth. Somewhere along the way he'd removed his jeans and he pressed himself against her, his arousal evident.

"Come with me." Logan's voice was low and seductive, and Melody thought at that moment, she'd follow him anywhere. He led her to the bed, laying her gently down on the soft sheets, settling himself next to her.

"I'm going to make love to you Melody, long and slow, and then again after that. I don't expect we'll get much sleep, but there's time for sleep later."

She looked at him, his eyes filled with passion...for her. No man had ever looked at her like this, not even Patrick. It made her heart swell, almost took her breath away. She lifted one hand, cupping his cheek for a moment and nodded, not trusting her voice. And at this moment, ethics and rules and what was right or wrong didn't matter. What she felt when she was wrapped in his arms was all that she wanted and needed.

Logan smiled and then brought his lips to hers. She felt the corners of his lips holding that smile until he deepened the kiss, the smile replaced with heated desire.

Gracefully he moved over her, parting her legs. His first thrust took her by surprise, not with size or force, but with the total certainty with which he laid claim to her. There was no doubt in her mind she was what he wanted and he was taking what was his.

And Melody gladly gave him what he sought, meeting him as an equal, taking from him as much as giving. Logan gave her pleasure, no argument there, but he gave her something else, something she'd never expected from any man.

Beyond Logan's sheer physical presence, his intoxicating sexuality, beyond the delicious movement of their bodies together, she felt the freedom to let her emotions go. Logan gave her the freedom-and the security-to let this experience touch her heart. And it did, in an unexpected but not unwelcomed way.

Near the end, as she cried out, arching up against him, he held her face between his hands, kissing her cheeks and lips and eyelids, as focused on her then as he had been from the beginning. She heard him murmuring something against her neck, soft words she didn't understand. But her body was so filled with physical ecstasy, every cell alive as her release washed through her, that she became lost in her own pleasure, her arms clutching Logan, her legs wrapped around his hips. His words were lost in her cries.

He joined her then, his head thrown back, his body seeking its own release. Melody watched in amazement as he gave himself over fully to what his body was experiencing, his own emotions playing across his face. She felt tears of wonder well in her eyes, knowing he felt so unrestrained, so free to let himself go as she had.

When it was over, they lay in each other's arms, both breathing heavily. Melody was reluctant to move, not wanting to break the bonds, both physical and emotional, between them. It was Logan who finally raised his head, looking down at her.

"And so, that was good for you then?"

Even in the dim light she saw the teasing glint in his eye.

"As you would say...aye, t'was." Giggles overtook her as Logan rolled his eyes, shaking his head in mock reproach.

"Oh, no...I'm sorry. Never let me try to imitate you again."

Her giggles subsided as Logan rolled onto his side next to her, his fingers tracing the line of her cheek, her earlobe, moving down over her throat. She took his hand, kissing his fingertips.

"But yes, it was good. More than good. Exceptionally good."

It was Logan's turn to laugh. "You'll have my head swelling if you keep that up." He grew serious.

"But it is special, no? What's between us, I mean. There's something different with you, Melody. Sex is sex, and I've had too many women where it's been just sex. Fun, yes. But nothing more. But with you...it goes deeper, lasts longer. I feel you here..." He took her hand, placing it on his chest, over his heart.

"What were you saying to me? The words, I mean? I couldn't understand you."

"It's Gaelic. Tha gaol agam ort..." Logan went silent, rolling onto his back, still holding her hand. She could feel his heart beating beneath her fingers.

"And? What does it mean?" She leaned on her elbow, looking down at him as he lay with his eyes closed. He spoke without opening them.

"Don't be alarmed...remember, it was spoken in the heat of the moment. I don't expect the same sentiment from you; I have no claim to lay there."

He opened his eyes, his look direct, unflinching. "It means 'I love you'."

Melody's eyes widened. "And do you?"

Logan turned toward her, kissing her fingertips. "Aye, I did when I said it."

"Do you still?" Her voice was breathless. He must be teasing me.

But his eyes were serious, as was his voice. "Aye, I do. Ta mo chroi istigh ionat."

Melody held her breath. Logan kissed her gently before he spoke, her hand still pressed against his chest.

"My heart is within you."

* * *

She'd thought Logan had fallen asleep but he stirred when she tried to pull the sheet over her shoulder, tugging it from beneath his arm.

"Are ye cold? I'm a blanket thief, you'll have to forgive me." Logan sat up, untangling the sheet and pulling it over both of them.

"Logan, why did you leave last time without waking me? Why just a note?"

"I was wondering when you'd ask about that. It was selfish; I had a plane to catch and I knew if I woke ye, there'd be no hope for me, I'd never have left. I wanted you too badly."

His arm was around her shoulders, his fingers idly running through her hair, his voice soft and low. "I saw you there, asleep, in the wee hours of the morning, and I thought I'd never seen anything so beautiful in my life. I wanted to wake you and take you, then and there. But I wrote a note instead, snuck away like a coward and then...well, we know the rest."

Logan shifted, pulling her closer. "I am sorry, Melody. Truly. It was a coward's way out. I shouldn't have just left a note. I should have woken you, made love to you again, left you happy. At the very least, I should have sung you back to sleep."

Melody smiled against Logan's chest. "Well, it's in the past now. But don't ever do it again."

"Aye, never again." He found her lips in the dark, his kiss gentle but quickly deepening. After a time he broke away, gasping.

"You do things to me, Melody, things that no woman has ever done. I can't explain it."

His fingers traced the curve of her cheek, over her throat, down to the fullness of one breast. It was Melody's turn to gasp as his fingers, and then lips, softly caressed her, sending shivers through her body.

When he lifted his head, she cried out softly in protest. Logan's voice was rough with passion.

"You're all that I need...all that I'll ever want."

It was a long time before they slept.

* * *

Melody woke with a start. The room was still dark, the bed unfamiliar. But she knew she was in Logan's hotel room. She rolled over, reaching for him, finding his arm and then broad chest with her hands. He made a soft noise, reaching for her hand. Without speaking, he rolled toward her, pulling her against his body, his lips finding hers in the dark. The kiss had that same longing intensity, searching her lips for answers.

As much as she wanted to answer him, surrender to their desires, to let him take her on that wild ride again, she gently pushed him away. She heard him sigh in the dark.

"Logan, I can't. I have to go...I need to go home, change, and get to work. Ryan wants to meet with me...about your case."

The thought of Ryan Marshall made her frown. And the force of what she'd done, that she'd slept with a client, hit her with a physical force, making her stomach drop. She'd given in to her desires, risking Logan's case, her career...everything.

"Aye, I thought as much." He rolled away, flicking on the bedside lamp. Melody blinked in the light. Looking at Logan almost took her breath away, with his messy hair and heavy-lidded, sexy eyes. And his lips. Those kissable lips, the ever-present grin that made them too sexy too resist.

"Logan...there's something I need to tell you. I should have said something before...before last night. But I...didn't want to."

Melody looked down, playing with a corner of the sheet. Logan turned toward her, rising on one elbow, and she wondered how she'd ever be able to explain how she was feeling without him thinking she regretted him. She didn't. But then the words just tumbled out.

"I was wrong to sleep with you."

His eyes darkened, and for the first time Melody saw pain in their depths. She reached out, her hand on his shoulder. She hurried to go on.

"Because of your case...not because of you."

He frowned, confused. "And why is this?"

"It's a conflict of interest, to sleep with a client. Before the case...that was different. But now...it's complicated. And it's a breach of ethics."

"Do you regret what we did...do you regret this?" Logan's voice was steady, but the pained deepened in his eyes, and her heart ached.

"Oh, no. Not this...not you. Not at all." She curled against him, resting her head on his shoulder, her hand on his chest.

"This...you...I wouldn't give that up for anything. But I want you to know now, even though it's too late, there might be consequences...if anyone finds out."

Logan lay back on the pillow and Melody rested against him, hands splayed across his chest, looking down at him. The pain had receded from his eyes, replaced with confusion.

"You risked your career for this...for me?"

She nodded. "Yes. And I'll keep risking it. But you need to know...I should have told you last night...before we...well, you know. It's your risk too now, I guess, although I'd be the one facing the consequences, or the most serious ones."

"Such as? Your career?"

"Yes. Pretty much."

Logan sat up, pulling Melody onto his lap. "Melody, you know I can't ask you to risk your career for me."

"I'm not asking...I've already made my decision."

A smile tugged at the corner of Logan's mouth. "And God knows once you make up your mind, there's no changing it, is there?"

She shook her head, winding her arms around his neck. "Not a chance."

He pulled her against him, his mouth finding hers, briefly tentative but as she deepened the kiss, Logan responded with the passion she was familiar with.

She reached past him to turn off the lamp. But he caught her wrist, pulling her down to the bed with him, rolling on top of her.

"I want to watch you." He bent his head, kissing her hard now, no hesitation, claiming her lips. Melody kissed him back, just as hard, and gave herself over completely to Logan.

* * *

When she finally left, the sky was just turning pink in the east. The cab Logan had called for from his room was waiting in front of the hotel. On the ride to her apartment, she replayed her night with Logan. Everything had changed in the space of twelve hours; he wasn't the opportunistic rock star who'd taken advantage of her. He was an honest man who had apparently fallen for her hook, line and sinker. And had told her he loved her, in two languages.

She smiled at the improbability, the utterly amazing series of events that had landed her here, in this tentative but exhilarating new relationship with Logan MacKenzie. If she'd tried to imagine this, nothing in her wildest dreams would have come close.

And she chastised herself for letting this happen.

The cab finally arrived at her apartment. Melody nervously checked her watch, tempted to have the cab wait, but decided to chance getting another one after she was dressed. Right now, a hot shower and clean clothes sounded like heaven.

But luck deserted her once she was ready. The cab she called was late, and as she waited impatiently in front of her building, she calculated just how late she was going to be. She debated calling Melissa then, letting her know she was going to be late, but maybe traffic would be light. She really couldn't tell anyone she'd decided a second session in bed with Logan was more important than work.

The cab finally pulled up and she climbed in, giving the driver the address.

"I'm late, can you hurry?"

"Yeah, lady. You and everyone else."

Melody sighed, settling back against the seat. It was her own fault. And now she really should call someone.

She opened her cell phone, dialing Melissa's direct line. The phone rang for what seemed like an eternity before going to voice mail. Odd, Melissa should be there by now.

Pushing buttons on her phone, she maneuvered her way through the company phone system, eventually ending up with the receptionist.

"Hey, Jenny. This is Melody Lawson. Is Melissa Montgomery there? I'm running late and wanted to let her know. If she is there, just put me..."

Jenny interrupted her. "Melissa? Oh, um...well...just a minute. I better connect you with Mr. Marshall."

Before Melody could speak, Jenny's voice was replaced with canned phone music. Melody listened impatiently, bewildered as the call went through. The cab was stuck behind a truck belching smoke, obviously not going anywhere soon.

"Melody? Where are you?"

"I'm stuck in traffic. Where's Melissa? I tried..."

"You should be more concerned about being at work...on time...than with Melissa. We'll talk when you get here." The line went dead.

Melody made a beeline to her office, gathered her files and notes and took the stairs two at a time rather than wait for the crowded elevators.

When she arrived at Ryan's office, the door was open. She knocked, stepping inside.

"I'm sorry..."

Ryan was at his desk, head down. Without raising his head, he held up one index finger, silencing her.

Melody clutched her files and papers to her chest, trying hard not to shift from foot to foot in the doorway. Ryan finally closed the file in front of him and looked up at her.

"Have a seat. We have a great deal of work to do. Close the door."

Melody closed the door quietly, taking her usual seat at Ryan's worktable.

"Ryan, I..."

Ryan held up his hand. "We have work to do. You can tell me your excuses after we finish discussing the MacKenzie-Ashton case. Please, we have a great deal of work to do."

They spent the next hour going over the case file, Ryan reading through Melody's notes, helping her to start the first draft of the initial complaint. Finally, Ryan sat back, scanning the document once more.

"I think this will do for now. You can work on this today and then bring it back to me to review at the end of the day."

He looked at her over the top of his reading glasses, smiling for the first time since she'd entered his office. "You've done good work here, with your notes and your interview with Mr. MacKenzie. I must say I am impressed."

Ryan removed his glasses, rubbing the bridge of his nose. "But there are other issues we need to talk about, things that aren't going so well. Let's start with being late. That's not like you, especially when you're keeping a partner waiting. So don't do that again."

Melody bristled, feeling like a child being reprimanded, but held her tongue. Ryan was right, she was late. But Ryan went on.

"And about Melissa. I'm afraid Melissa has been let go."

"Let go? You mean fired? But why?" Melody felt the color drain from her face. Melissa was her rock, her organizational system, the person who kept her on track. She was her friend.

"You know she's been dropping the ball lately; you remember we had a brief conversation about that earlier. And her behavior with Mr. MacKenzie was inappropriate and unprofessional. I'm sorry, but it's something that needed to be nipped in the bud before it became a real issue. It impacted her performance. And it reflects on you that you let it get so far out of control."

"But...who...what am I supposed to do about having a paralegal? Melissa knew everything I did, she's the one who keeps...kept me on track."

"Lori will be available for the MacKenzie-Ashton case. For the rest, you can use the float pool; Human Resources will send you someone later today. Your schedule is light right now, so it shouldn't be a problem until we hire someone new."

"But I don't want anyone new!" Melody had the irrational urge to stamp her foot. "I like Melissa."

"That's part of the problem. You had lost your objectivity. She became your friend and that does not work well in a relationship like this. You let things go too far, let things slide that should have been addressed."

Ryan grew thoughtful, gazing past her as if she were invisible. "You know, I should probably have a talk with the partners about this as well. As a partner, you would be responsible for your staff. If you're not able to handle disciplining one paralegal, how would you be able to manage an entire department?"

He stood, moving around the table. Melody watched in alarm as he thumbed the lock on his office door as he passed.

"You know, there is something you can do to help this situation. I know you're willing to do almost anything to succeed, with this case and with making partner. We can chalk up this issue with Melissa as a learning experience, and I won't talk to the senior partners."

Ryan was standing in front of Melody, his legs almost touching her knees, his body looming over her. He leaned forward, placing his hands on the arms of the chair. She wanted to look away, to turn in her chair, but there was nowhere to go. Her heart started pounding and she was forced to crane her neck to look up at his face, only inches away from hers.

"What do you think you could do, Melody, to help me make up my mind not to go to the senior partners with this?" Ryan's voice was low, barely audible.

Ryan slid his hand behind her neck. Melody stiffened, her arms braced against the chair as he pulled her forward.

"Why so resistant? You've made it clear, Melody, that there are things you're willing to do. We can resolve this issue right here, right now, and we can all go back to work. Otherwise, I'll have to take your unwillingness as a sign you're not ready for this...either the case or partner."

"But...you can't...this is wrong!" Melody blinked in disbelief.

"You're the one who's made the first moves, Melody. I'm just following your lead."

"I'll go to Human Resources, file a complaint."

Ryan laughed, a low sound that sent chills up her spine. "Go ahead. I could follow right behind, counter every claim you make. You kissed me, remember? You threw yourself at me the other day; there are witnesses. You've locked the door today. Who do you think will be believed?"

Melody felt the blood drain from her face. "Who are you? Why are you doing this?" Her voice was barely a whisper.

"I am your mentor, Melody. I'm the one responsible for your success here." Ryan leaned forward, his lips almost touching hers. She could feel his hot breath on her cheeks as he spoke.

"I am the person who stands between you and being made partner. And I stand between you and the door out of here...and if you choose to go that route, then I stand between you and your entire career outside of the firm of Marshall, Avery and Shaw. I don't think you realize how much clout I actually carry, both here and out there." Ryan inclined his head toward the window, the New York skyline visible.

"The firm is, after all, Marshall, Avery and Shaw. My name comes first, for a reason."

Ryan was still holding Melody and with a sinking awareness, she realized he was pushing her knees open with his legs, her skirt sliding up her thighs as he moved her legs further apart.

"You're teasing me again, Melody, and if we were somewhere other than here, I'd show you just how that teasing makes me feel. But, alas, there are other matters to deal with."

Ryan stood suddenly, his hand trailing across Melody's cheek as he straightened. He was standing in front of her, his legs spread, and against her will her eyes dropped to the front of his pants. There was an unmistakable bulge that had formed at the apex of Ryan's thighs.

Melody's eyes went wide and she turned her head away, but not before she saw Ryan watching her, his lips turned up in a knowing grin.

"See what you do to me, Melody? It's always been like this, you lead me on and then leave me wanting. Even when you were engaged to Patrick."

Ryan stepped away from Melody and she instinctively brought her knees together, tugging her skirt down. She rose shakily from her chair, gathering her notes and files while Ryan took a seat behind his desk. She glanced at him and cringed; she was certain he had his hand in his lap, but there was no way she really wanted to find out for sure.

"I'll...I'll drop off the draft later, with Lori." Melody ducked her head, turning the doorknob. The door refused to open and she tugged harder, making the door rattle in its frame.

"Melody...unlock the door."

She thumbed the lock, jerking open the door and all but tumbling into the narrow hall that separated Ryan's office from Lori's cubicle. Lori looked up, startled, as Melody gained her feet and ran around the corner.

Melody flung open the door to stairs, heading up a flight to the law library rather than back to her own floor, taking the short hallway to the back of the library. Clutching her files, she darted into the farthest corner of the stacks, pulling out a chair at one of the empty tables, dumping her files carelessly across the polished mahogany.

What the hell just happened? She realized belatedly she was shaking, and she sat hunched forward, clutching her hands between her knees, taking deep breaths until she felt calmer. In the quiet of the library, she allowed herself to think about her meeting with Ryan.

It was clear he was harassing her, but where did that leave her? He threatened no only to take away this case, but ruin her entire career.

She couldn't abandon Logan now, not with his case against Ashton just starting. And he'd asked for her. And she didn't want to risk her career either.

But she knew too that Ryan held a great deal of power in the firm. He'd made his mark long ago, and his rank among the other senior partners proved it. Anyone who'd crossed Ryan would find themselves out on the street. And in the small world that lawyers inhabited, word got around fast. Those who were out were usually out of more than just Marshall, Avery and Shaw. They usually found themselves out of a job anywhere.

And Melissa was gone. Melody shook her head, not quite sure where Melissa fell in all of this. Granted there was a grain of truth to Ryan's claims of unprofessionalism, but Melissa's overall performance far outshone the occasional lapse in meetings with clients.

Melody finally rose, leaving the library and taking the elevator to her floor. The sight of Melissa's empty desk made her heart sink. I'll call her at lunch...

Sitting behind her desk, eyes scanning over the clutter, she wondered where to start. Glancing at her watch she decided to give Logan's case a good solid hour before anything else. Pushing Ryan from her mind, she opened the case file and notes and lost herself in the details of the case, in the precise language of law, knowing she was doing this for Logan.

A knock at her door startled Melody and she looked up. Melissa was standing in the doorway, holding a cardboard box.

"Melissa! Come in...please." Melody came around her desk, reaching out for Melissa's arm.

But Melissa stood just outside Melody's office, her face solemn, not speaking. It wasn't until Melody stepped into the hall that she noticed Joe Hunter, from Human Resources, standing at Melissa's desk.

"I'm here to get my stuff and I wanted to say good-bye," Melissa mumbled, head down. Melody wanted to hug the girl, but with Joe standing there, practically guarding her, it didn't seem the right thing to do.

"I'll call you. Okay? Tonight."

Melissa nodded and Melody could see tears gathering in her friend's eyes. Rather than embarrass Melissa, and herself, she went back to her office, closing the door quietly.

Melody forced herself to focus on Logan's case. She felt he had some solid grounds to go after Ashton, but all of it would depend on the financial documents both sides produced.

It was just before lunch when Melody felt she had enough to take to Ryan. But she hesitated, not wanting to face him again, so soon after the morning's confusing and shocking meeting.

Glancing at her watch, Melody decided to take the file to Ryan's office. If she were lucky, he'd be at lunch and she could just leave it on his desk. If not, she'd leave it with Lori and just avoid him altogether. Not the best plan, but I can't face him again right now.

But when she came around the corner on Ryan's floor, Lori was gone. Ryan was standing at Lori's desk, reading a file. He looked up as she came to an abrupt halt several feet away, clutching the file to her chest.

Her first instinct was to bolt, but she forced herself to make her feet move toward Ryan. After all, what could he do to her, here, in the middle of the office?

"Melody. Just coming to find you. Do you have a minute?" Ryan inclined his head toward his office.

"Well, actually...I was just dropping off the MacKenzie file with the complaint for you to review, like you asked for." She held the file at arm's length, hoping he would take it.

"Yes, I see." Ryan reached out and Melody handed him the file. He was looking at her with a calculated gaze. She felt like she was being studied, and found wanting.

"As you wish. I'll read through this and if it's acceptable, I'll have Lori type it up. We should be able to file tomorrow morning."

Ryan tapped the folder on the edge of Lori's desk. "Do you have time for lunch? I was just heading out to grab a bite..."

Melody was shaking her head before Ryan finished his sentence. She registered the darkening look on his face, but went on. "Um...no. I have...more to do. I have a filing due today, if you remember, on a different case. And with Melissa gone...I don't want to fall behind."

"Right. That reminds me...come into my office."

At the repeated invitation, Melody felt her heart begin to race. She glanced around the area. The last place she wanted to be was in Ryan's office, when the rest of the floor was deserted, secretaries and paralegals at lunch, several nearby offices dark.

Ryan was waiting for her. She reluctantly walked into his office, careful to stay in the doorway.

"Why so shy? You were anything but this morning." Ryan was behind his desk, watching her closely. He finally shrugged, taking a file from his desk.

"Here...it's a list of paralegals who've submitted resumes to the firm. Read through them, pick out five or so that interest you and let Joe Hunter know which you like. They'll set up interviews and we'll have someone for you as soon as we can."

Melody took the file, stepping back into the hall. "Thanks, Ryan. I'll do that."

As she turned away, she felt Ryan's eyes still watching her. She barely resisted the urge to run.

In her office, she closed the door, tossing the file on her desk. She wanted to call Melissa, but more than that, she wanted to hear Logan's voice, the soft cadence of his speech, maybe he'd tell her again that he loved her.

In the heat of the moment last night, and the rush of the morning, Melody hadn't had time to savor Logan's words, their full meaning. He had said he loved her.

She closed her eyes, letting all the wonderful feelings those three words created wash over her. It was most secure, the happiest she'd felt in weeks. She didn't know if she felt same about Logan; it was too soon for her to tell. He'd said he didn't expect the same from her; he seemed satisfied just to say it himself, to put it there for her, like a gift. And right now, that was enough for Melody.

When the phone rang, she jumped. The display showed an external incoming call, but the number was marked private.

"Melody Lawton."

"Melody..." Logan's voice on the phone made her smile.

"Logan! I was just thinking of you." She cringed. Such a cliche.

"Well, I have to say I was thinking of you, too, since I'm calling. Before that, I'll admit you haven't been at the top of my thoughts, sorry to say. I would much rather have been thinking of you, but my morning hasn't been to my liking."

Something in Logan's tone made her clutch the receiver tightly. "What is it?"

"The band...and Ashton. The band has threatened to boot me out, permanently. Ashton's told them enough lies to make them believe I've left them. And in the midst of that, Aston called. He'd gotten wind of the lawsuit somehow and is furious. Claims it's all something I've made up, which is a load of crap. But you know that..."

She heard the frustration in his voice. "I'm sorry, Logan. This is horrible for you. Did Ashton say how he found out about the suit?"

"No, just that he would see me in hell before he'd admit he'd done anything wrong. Claims he can ruin me before we even get to court."

Melody sighed. This wasn't anything new; there had been cases before where the mud slinging started well before the case even got to court. She had always been professionally distant from the client's day-to-day issues, but this was Logan and she felt his pain.

"Well, I can tell you we're filing tomorrow. Aston will receive a summons and have to make a formal answer to the claims. He may counter-sue then, most likely he will, by the sounds of it. But we've done what we can for the moment. The ball will be in his court and then, from there, we'll know what his answers are to the complaints and what we'll need to do from there."

"Thank you, Melody. I mean it. I can't think of anyone I'd want in my corner but you, for many reasons. But I trust you, above all. Can't say that about many people."

"I'll do my best, Logan. You know that."

"Let's have dinner. You never really got to have any last night, if I remember. I asked you out to dinner and then made it quite difficult for you to eat." Logan's tone had lightened and she smiled. She envisioned him from the night before, his easy smile lighting his eyes.

"Yes. I'd like that."

"I'll call...

There was a knock at her door and it swung open, Ryan standing in the doorway.

"Melody, I..." He stopped abruptly when he noticed she was on the phone, but remained standing in the doorway.

"That's fine. I'll call you later when we have confirmation of the filing. I believe I have your contact information right here."

Without waiting for Logan to answer, she replaced the receiver.

"Sorry to interrupt, but Hunter is waiting for those resumes, if you've had a chance to look them over."

"Just getting to that now. I'll have them to him within an hour."

Ryan hesitated briefly. "Logan MacKenzie on the phone?"

Melody resisted the urge to lie. Logan was her client, after all - she was allowed to speak to him on the phone.

"Yes. He was looking for an update on the case. Seems the band has threatened to fire him and Ashton knows about the suit. I suspect he'll file a counter-claim, but we'll have to wait. I'm not sure if the band's actions have any bearing on the initial claim. We may need to address that before we file."

"Yes, we should discuss that. I have a meeting now that will take me through most of the afternoon. Stop by my office after five."

Before she could answer, Ryan was gone.

She quickly dialed Logan's cell phone but it went to voice mail. She left an apology for abruptly ending the call and asked him to call her later, with a time and place. And that she was very much looking forward to dinner.

An uneasy feeling dogged Melody for the rest of the afternoon. She read through the resumes in the file, heartsick at the thought of replacing Melissa. When she returned the file to Joe's office, he seemed remote and cold, and Melody wondered if Ryan had had any conversations with him about her. She decided she was being paranoid and went back to her office, delving into her other cases.

It was just after four o'clock and Logan hadn't returned her call. She debated calling him before she went to see Ryan, but her phone buzzed, her heart skipping at the thought that it was Logan. But the digital display showed Ryan's office number, and she frowned. She picked up, almost dreading the sound of his voice.

"Come on up. I finished my meetings early. We can get this done tonight, Lori can make the changes tomorrow and it'll be filed."

She took the stairs to Ryan's office, her feet dragging. Get it over with and look forward to dinner with Logan.

Ryan's door was open and she knocked, hesitating in the doorway.

"Have a seat." He walked over to the small table, pushing the door closed. The sound of the latch made Melody jump.

"Hunter's lined up several candidates. He'll do the initial interviews and then you can have the top three to interview, along with Joe and I. That should get you someone within a few weeks, assuming they need to give notice."

Melody nodded, making a note on her pad. Ryan had Logan's case file and he spread the documents out on the table, turning them toward her, before rising and walking behind his desk.

The room had grown quiet and she was focused on the complaint, making notes in the margins.

Ryan's sudden presence by her chair made her jump. He leaned over, one hand on the back of her chair, the other on the table. Again, she felt pinned by him, as he looked over her shoulder at the complaint. She was overly aware of the scent of his aftershave, of the warmth of his body.

"Very good...I like this." He pointed to an area of her notes, tapping the paper with his finger.

"I like this very much." His voice was low and Melody could feel his warm breath on her cheek.

"Ryan..." She didn't even know what she wanted to say but before she could continue, he put his hand on her shoulder, his fingers moving upward, into the hair along the nape of her neck.

"Shhh...just relax. You're so tense. I can feel it. There's nothing to be afraid of. Nothing here that you don't want."

"Please...Ryan. Stop." She wanted to get out from under his touch, but he moved closer, his body pressing against her shoulder.

"I'll stop when you do...you know you want this as much as I do. Ever since Patrick, you've been playing me, making it clear how this is going. And I'm just following your lead."

She shook her head. "But, not...not this."

"Not this? We've had this conversation, Melody. The same page, remember? I know what you want...you want partner. You want it so bad you can taste it. And I want it for you. And we can do it together."

The brush of his lips on her neck made her cringe. She pulled away, turning her head.

Ryan stood, drawing in a sharp breath. "Have you changed your mind then? We're not talking the same language anymore, are we?"

He pulled out the chair across from her, sitting stiffly against the high leather back, hands folded in his lap.

"I'm disappointed, Melody. Maybe this case isn't for you?"

Ryan was looking at her critically, and she saw reproach and a sneer of contempt on his face, something she'd never seen, ever felt from Ryan before.

"Maybe you're not the woman I thought you were. Perhaps partner isn't for you either. There are others..." He rose, standing in front of the window, his back to her, hands clasped behind him.

"You can go. We're finished here, for now. Lori can make the changes and file in the morning." He spoke without turning around.

Melody gathered her notebook and pen, hesitating a moment, but Ryan didn't turn around. She let herself out of his office.

* * *

In her office, Melody tossed her notebook on the growing chaos of her desk. Melissa's absence was already creating havoc with her work, raising her anxiety level. She was afraid she was going to miss something critical, some deadline would slip by unnoticed and her client's would suffer.

And Ryan's behavior wasn't making her life any easier. In frustration she threw her pen across the room, watching it bounce behind a chair. Sighing heavily, she walked over and retrieved it from the floor. Everything was so complicated, so muddled.

Ryan was using her, no doubt. She'd wondered how women allowed themselves to become victims, to let themselves be used by men. She'd always thought the women were weak or really wanted the abuse.

But now, in the midst of it all, with her own career on the line, she understood how a man in power could manipulate a woman into a situation like this. I'm in that situation; I'm that woman.

She reached for the phone, dialing Logan's cell phone. He answered and the sound of his voice, the accent, the hint of a smile...made her smile in return.

"Dinner with you, Melody? Of course. And I'll even let you eat this time."

* * *

Melody met Logan at a restaurant near his hotel. He was waiting for her, a small group of fans gathered around him. She watched for a moment as he patiently signed autographs and posed for pictures. He was in his element, relaxed and casual, taking the time to sign a girl's arm. She walked away with her friends, holding her arm as if it were somehow cast in gold.

Logan saw her and his face lit up. He excused himself from the rest of the group, and took her arm. The maitre d' escorted them to a secluded table, leaving a wine list. Logan pushed it aside, taking Melody's hands briefly, kissing her fingers.

"You'll make the fans jealous, if they see you holding my hand."

"I suppose I will. But they'll have to get over it. You're my only girl now."

"Was it hard to get used to that...being recognized? Asked to sign body parts?"

Logan laughed, letting go of her hands. "Aye, at first it was a bit odd. I was always shocked that someone knew my name, especially after we were out of Scotland. Everyone knew me there, but the first time it happened somewhere else, I was completely thrown. But now, I'm fair used to it." He sighed.

"Signing arms though...that's a first. She said she was going to get it made into a tattoo." He shook his head in disbelief. "That's a new one on me. I asked her what would happen if she decided someday she didn't like my music. She said she'd always love me anyway."

Melody grinned. "The price of fame, your name forever tattooed on a girl's arm."

"I'd rather have it etched on someone's heart."

Melody felt a rising blush in her cheeks and grew suddenly shy as she looked at Logan over her water glass. The waiter arrived, taking their order, returning with a bottle of wine. Logan poured them each a glass. Melody toyed with hers, wishing she could push the afternoon out of her mind.

"You're distracted. Is something bothering you?" Logan was watching her closely, for once his eyes serious, no playful smile lurking at the corners of his mouth. He's worried...about me, or about us?

She kept her eyes down, debating just how much to reveal. "Just work. It's been...busy. Melissa was let go so...it's been hard." She raised her eyes to his.

Logan was looking at her, a frown creasing his handsome face. "I feel I'm letting you down somehow. You're so focused on me, the case...and I don't know what's going on with you."

"Oh, Logan. You can't think that way. I don't think that at all. Please don't feel you're neglecting me."

She reached across the table for his hand. "You have to admit this hasn't been a very conventional relationship so far. Please...don't for a minute think you're lacking in any way. You have so much to think about, with the band, with Ashton. I'm fine, really."

Logan's lips curved up in a smile. "It's just my manly pride that makes me think I should take care of you, in every way, all the time. And I should know how. But you're right. This is anything but conventional."

He squeezed her hand. "And I wouldn't want it any other way."

They made small talk for the rest of dinner, Melody artfully avoiding any further conversation about work. But on the short walk back to Logan's hotel, he held her hand and she told him an abbreviated version of Melissa's firing.

"It was just such a shock. I thought everything was going well. But I guess I have a lot to learn about managing staff."

"You'll be fine. You're good with people. Are you sure it was really Melissa and not something else? Something from higher up?"

In the soft darkness, Melody tensed. Did Logan suspect there was more happening at work? Or was she that paranoid? There was no way she could explain what was happening with Ryan; she didn't really understand it herself.

"No, nothing else. I guess I grew too dependent on her and now I'm paying the price."

They took the elevator to Logan's room. There were several bouquets of fresh flowers in the room and Melody bent to an arrangement, inhaling the sweet scent of the blooms.

"From adoring fans?" Logan's arms were around her waist, his chin resting on her shoulder. She leaned back against him and he nuzzled her neck.

"No. They're for you. I want to send them to your office, but I didn't think it would be the right thing, you know? So, they're here, for you to enjoy."

She turned to Logan, her lips parted to speak, but he caught her in a kiss. He held her gently, and she melted against him, her words forgotten, all thoughts of work and Ryan pushed from her mind.

Eventually he broke the kiss, leading her solemnly to the bedroom. With gentle fingers he undressed her, carefully placing each item of clothing on a chair. He held her hands when she reached for the buttons on his shirt, gently walking her backward until her legs brushed against the bed. She sat down, sliding back, pulling her legs up onto the mattress.

Silently Logan climbed beside her, lying next to her, his legs wrapped around hers. With slow fingers he brushed the hair from her forehead, tracing a line down her cheek, her throat, down to the tops of her br**sts.

"You're the most beautiful thing I think I've ever seen. I've told you that but it's true. The first time I saw you, I thought you were magical, even if you were insensible."

He was looking down at her, his eyes serious, his mouth quirking up at the corners. "Insensible or not, you're mine now. For as long as you'll have me."

His lips were on hers again, firm and gentle at the same time, his tongue dancing across her lips. She opened her lips and his tongue found hers, the kiss deepening, intensifying.

For Melody, everything seemed new, yet somehow familiar. The giddy sense of excitement, of discovery, now came with the feeling of comfort and growing ease. She ran her hands over his body, not with the rushing eagerness she'd felt before, but with a slow purpose with the pleasure of knowing she felt safe with Logan. Her fingers trailed lightly over his body, caressing him softly, moving on to touch and fondle, caress and hold.

Logan leaned on one elbow, looking down at her, his fingers slowly drawing circles on the soft skin of her breast "You're different tonight...softer, slower. Relaxed. I like it." He kissed her forehead, her eyelids.

"I'm happy." The words slipped between her lips before she realized she'd spoken. But as soon as she heard them, she knew it was true. She smiled at Logan, who had an amused look on his face.

"I'm glad. It'd be a terrible shame if you weren't. I'd feel very guilty being the only one here who's happy."

He leaned over, claiming her breast with his mouth. Melody ran her fingers through his hair, holding him against her. As he moved lower, kissing a wandering path down her body, she sighed, shifting as he moved between her legs, his hands resting beneath her, cupping her to him.

The rest of her body felt weightless and as he used his mouth and tongue to slowly drive her crazy, she felt as if everything was concentrated down to her core, to the searing sensation of fire between her legs. The fire that grew, surging up through her body, rising as she writhed and twisted on the bed.

Her cries were muffled in the pillow, her body arching against Logan as he took her over the edge.

He held her for a long time, his head resting on her hip, his breath soft across her stomach, as her breathing slowed, as her heart stopped thudding in her chest. She ran one hand through his hair, and he looked up at her, a slow smile spreading on his lips.

Without a word, he moved up her body, the weight of him slowly pinning her to the sheets, pressing her down as he settled between her legs. When he took her, it was slow and focused, each movement fanning the fire he'd started.

She was breathless as she watched him, his face close to hers, his eyes moving over her face, taking in every detail.

When Logan came, he buried his head on Melody's shoulder. No soft words this time, no murmurs against her skin. She felt his mouth open against her neck, an exhalation as he let go and then a sound so primal, so full of lust and passion that it sent a shiver down her spine. He shook and trembled and she held him to her, the power and force of his release so evident in his body.

After a long time he pulled away, rolling onto his back. Again, he searched for her hand, holding it fast in his, bringing it against his chest.

When he spoke his voice was soft, far away. "Ye remind me of home, Melody. Of hills and green and sudden storms that cover the mountains, wild with thrashing wind, and then it's calm with a rainbow. And the sun comes out and it's warm again."

He turned toward her. "I'd want to take you there sometime, to walk in the heather, and see the lochs. It would be grand, just us."

"I'd like that. Just us." She smiled, sighing. "Just us and no one else." Curling against his shoulder, she let herself enjoy the fantasy of running away to Scotland with Logan.

It was much later, after they'd come together again, that she heard him murmur the Gaelic words he'd said before. She didn't need to ask this time what they meant. They settled on her heart, etching themselves there.

"I love you too, Logan."

She searched in the dark for his hand, holding it against her heart.

* * *

Even with the lack of sleep, Melody was at her desk well before anyone else. She wanted to keep off of Ryan's radar, do her job and concentrate on Logan's case. But she found herself drifting into thoughts of her night with Logan, his hands on her skin, the combination of gentle and forceful. The Gaelic words she now recognized as he spoke them softly while making love to her. She caught herself sighing more than once, idly tapping her pen against her teeth.

The chime of her email brought her back again from one more daydream. It was from Lori. She clicked the icon and opened the attachment. It was the confirmation of the filing for Logan's case. Her heart did a little flip. Filings were routine for her, but this meant they had taken the first step in hopefully repairing the damage Jack Ashton had caused. Now it was just a matter of waiting for Ashton's answer and, as Melody had told Logan, the possibility of Ashton's counter-suit.

She dialed Logan's cell phone, re-reading the email as the call went through.

"Hello." Logan's voice was groggy and Melody cringed.

"I woke you. I'm sorry."

"Aye, but I don't mind being woken by you, or your voice. I should be doing things anyway, not lying about in bed."

"I have news. We filed today. It's official."

"Well, then. That's progress. I feel better now, even though I know the worst is yet to come."

"The worst may be the public side of it all, depending on how Ashton reacts in the press. You'll have to be prepared to hear some pretty ugly things, I would think."

"I know Ashton and yes, he has a very sharp tongue and a very short temper. I'll be on my own in this. There's nothing I can do but tell the truth."

"I'd advise you to say nothing, actually. But we can talk about that later, as things progress. You and I and Ryan can meet and decide on how we want you to handle the publicity."

"I want to see you again." Logan's voice was low, seductive and Melody's heart started beating faster.

"You just saw me, something like six hours ago."

"It's been that long? Too long...any time is too long." She heard his soft laugh. "You bring out the romantic in me, Melody. I'll be writing love songs now in the wee hours instead of rock."

"I should go. I'll call you when I'm home. Come to my apartment and I'll make you dinner. I'll even find a bottle of Macallan for us."

"You cook and I'll bring the Macallan."

The afternoon passed quickly. Joe Hunter called to set up interviews for a new paralegal. Melody mentally chastised herself for not calling Melissa and made a mental note to do that as soon as she got home.

It was almost five o'clock when her phone rang. She answered the phone and was greeted by a very angry sounding Ryan.

"My office. Now." The line went dead.

What did I do now?

She was standing outside Ryan's door a few minutes later. He was seated at his work table, with what looked like a stack of glossy photos.

"Come in. Close the door. Sit." He gathered the photos, tapping them square and laid them on the table in front of Melody.

She looked down at the image on the top of the stack. It was Logan, with a pretty blonde woman Melody recognized as a model, or former model.

"Logan MacKenzie...in all his glory."

Melody sat on the edge of the chair, looking through the photos. Each showed Logan with a different woman. In all of them he had his arm around the woman; in many they were kissing. She felt a sharp twinge of jealousy at seeing Logan with other women, but he'd told her there had been some...more than he'd liked to admit. But it still was uncomfortable to see in black and white.

"Where did you get these?" She looked up from the stack, her eyes filled with suspicion.

"They were delivered today by courier. I suspect from Ashton, but there was no note attached so I can't be sure."

Melody put the stack down. "I don't really see the point of this. Logan's personal life isn't part of the suit..."

"Keep going." Ryan pointed to the stack.

Melody flipped through the remaining photos. And there it was. The last photo in the stack.

It was of her, very clearly her. In the bar with Logan, almost sitting on his lap. They were locked in an embrace, one she remembered very well. She closed her eyes.

"Care to explain?" Ryan's voice held something more than professional disapproval. His jaw was tight and his words were uttered through clenched teeth. He's jealous of Logan.

"It was before he became my client."

"And since he's been your...our...the firm's client? Has this relationship continued?"

"No." Melody felt a flush creep up her cheeks, something she knew happened when she was caught in a lie. She hoped Ryan would think it was just embarrassment at the photo and nothing more.

"Do you know what this will do to the case, much less your career...and the reputation of this firm...if this goes public? It's a serious conflict of interest. And if this package came from Ashton, which I strongly suspect that it did, it will be splashed across every tabloid willing to listen. You're seriously damaging this case even before it's started."

"But this was before the suit." She knew her protests weren't going to make any difference. Something was wrong, a nagging feeling she was missing a vital connection. But she couldn't put her finger on it.

"Is there anything that can be done? Any damage control the firm can do?"

Ryan stood, pacing in front of the window. The tension in his body was obvious and Melody felt her own body tense as she watched him, heard the rising anger in his voice.

"Damage control? Yes, for one, you can be taken off the case. Two, you can be let go from the firm. Any damage control starts with getting rid of you first, Melody. You can't expect us to sweep this under the rug. Sleeping with a client..."

"Ryan." Her voice was louder than she anticipated. He turned, scowling at her.

She knew what it was, the nagging inconsistency in her mind. Ryan had no way of knowing she was sleeping with Logan. He suspected the worst, leapt to that conclusion, but he had no proof. And the photo in her hand was not evidence of an affair, even as damning as it might seem.

She made the effort to lower her voice. "Listen. This photo was taken more than a month ago. And..." She held up the photo. "I am not sleeping with him in this photo. Based on this, why are you accusing me of sleeping with Logan?"

"Because everyone else will accuse you of sleeping with him. You're missing the point. This has nothing to do with me...You'll be tried in the public media and it will destroy your client's case"

Melody sighed. "So now you know the worst, Ryan. Let's wait, see how this plays out. You don't know where these photos came from. Planning for the worst is one thing, but you're convicting me based on no evidence at all."

Melody tried to maintain some kind of professional calm, but her heart was pounding and she knew her face was still flushed.

Ryan turned away from the window and Melody pressed herself back into her chair as he walked toward her. He stopped in front of her, looking down at the photo of her with Logan.

"You've turned against me, Melody. And that hurts. I've done everything for you, everything you've wanted, and you repay me with this?" Ryan rapped one finger on the photo. His jaw was tight and his words were uttered through clenched teeth. He's jealous of Logan. That's what this is about.

"I didn't think you were this kind of woman. You'd said you had a one-night stand, and this was it, wasn't it? How stupid of me, not to realize sooner. And you weren't going to tell me, were you?"

With a swiftness that caught her off-guard, Ryan had her by the shoulders, pulling her up from the chair. "You're throwing everything away...for him? When you could have everything you wanted...in your career, and with me."

He brought his lips down in hers, hard and painful, not a kiss as much as a brand. There was nothing Melody could do but struggle weakly in his grip, pushing at his chest with her hands.

When he broke away, Melody barely resisted the urge to spit in his face. She felt violated, demeaned and confused.

"You know this is what you want. We both know it."

Ryan's eyes were focused on hers, burning and intense, but not with passion. It was outright conquest, predator holding prey, and Melody did not like being the prey.

"I'll...still file a complaint."

Ryan's laugh was harsh, his face close to hers. "Go ahead. I've got evidence now of your morals and ethics, in black and white. You'll be admitting to far more than you care to, if you go anywhere, talk to anyone."

His grip tightened, his fingers digging painfully into her skin. "You are in a pretty serious situation here, and you're not the one calling the shots. You've made a serious mistake, Melody, and I'm the only one who can help you now. You know that."

"Ryan...you're hurting me." She was dismayed at the passive tone in her voice. "Please..."

Ryan looked at her a moment longer, then released her arms. She fell back into the chair, breathing fast.

"Think about this..." Ryan ran his finger over the photo, lingering over her face, his voice eerily gentle. "Think about what you've done and what you can do. Your options are severely limited."

He turned, looking down at her. "And who the only person is who can help you...now."

Melody bolted from the chair, fumbling open the door, running away from Ryan's office. There was no one to see her, the cubicles of the secretaries and paralegals were empty, the offices around her dark.

Pushing open the stairway door, she ran down one flight of steps, finally stopping, leaning against the cool tile wall. Tears sprang into her eyes and she sank down on the top stop, resting her face on her knees.

She'd hoped it would go away; it didn't. She'd threatened to file a complaint; Ryan had just laughed. And now, how could she tell anyone? Ryan had something to hold over her, by her own admission. She'd slept with a client...she was still sleeping with the client. I'm such a fool.

She cried silently for a long time, until the sound of someone opening a door above her echoed down the stairwell. Straightening, she wiped her face, went back to her office and closed the door.

The message light was flashing on her phone and with shaky hands she pressed the buttons, retrieving the message. It was Logan.

"Looking forward to dinner tonight...don't go to any trouble. Whatever you make will be fine with me."

She could hear the smile in his voice and her heart did a little flip flop. And then sank. She'd promised dinner. How could she see Logan now, after the afternoon in Ryan's office?

But how could she not?

He answered his cell phone on the first ring and she gave him directions to her apartment.

"Are you sure you have time to cook? You've had a busy day, no doubt. I don't want you slaving over a hot stove when there's other things we could be doing."

Hearing his voice, the sexy teasing, she relaxed, sitting back in her chair. "I like to cook. It's relaxing. I never have anyone to cook for though, since...well, you know. So I'm looking forward to tonight."

"As long as you're not too tired. What time do you want me there, bearing the Macallan?"

Melody glanced at her watch. "Let's say seven-thirty or so? Dinner about eight. And then...whatever you have in mind."

"When it comes to you, Melody, there's always lots on my mind. There's no end to what I want to do with you."

* * *

Melody was distracted in the cab on the way home, trying to remember what was in the freezer, what fresh vegetables she had, what she needed from the corner deli. Salad, chicken br**sts with a jar of her homemade marinara sauce and bread. Bread and cheese from the deli...that's it.

She was back home, with the sauce simmering, the chicken in the oven, by seven. The doorbell rang just as she was coming out of the bedroom. She padded barefoot to the door, finishing up the last few buttons on her blouse.

"You're early..." She froze in the open doorway.

Ryan Marshall was standing in the hallway, a bottle of Macallan in his hand.

"Not who you were expecting?" He brushed past her into the apartment and she stared after him, trying very hard to understand why Ryan would be in her apartment, much less with a bottle of Macallan.

"Ryan...what are you doing here?"

"I wanted to bring you something...a present. Peace offering, as it were." He held out the familiar oval-shaped bottle of amber liquid. Melody looked down at it, taking a step back as if he were offering her snake. Her mind was reeling; the last person she expected to see was Ryan. And the second to the last person she wanted to see now was Logan.

"I came to apologize, Melody. For my behavior. I know you're only trying to do your best... I know that you want to succeed. And maybe I've been pushing you a bit too hard." He took a step toward her and she backed up, bumping into the kitchen counter.

"Melody. Why so tense? Here...let me open this and you can pour us a glass. I think a nice, stiff drink would do both of us some good. We can sit, have a talk...I'd like that. Wouldn't you?"

"No, Ryan. I don't...this isn't right. I don't want a drink with you. I...would like...I want you to leave."

Ryan took another step toward Melody. As he reached past her to set the bottle on the counter, she tried to move away but he outmaneuvered her, placing his hands on the counter, effectively pinning her between his arms.

Ryan looked down at her and she saw a mixture of so many emotions on his face. But chief among them was something that made her heart pound and her stomach drop. He was looking at her with a feral lust, a look she'd never seen in Ryan Marshall's eyes before.

"Ryan. No. You have to leave."

She tried to slip beneath his arm, but he pulled her against his chest. She could smell him, the heat of his body, aftershave, and something else, something primal and masculine. He smelled like a predator. And she was the prey.

"No, Melody. I don't have to leave. I know you really don't want me to. And I think, if you just let yourself relax, we can make this much better for both of us."

He bent his head, his lips finding hers in a crushing kiss. She twisted her head, trying to break free, but he grabbed the back of her head, winding his fingers through her hair, holding her tight against his mouth.

She tried wiggling out of his grip, but he held her hard against his body, his other arm wrapped around her waist. The more she squirmed, the harder he held her and the more evident his arousal became as he pressed his h*ps forward into hers.

He broke away from her mouth, looking down at her, his breath rasping from his parted lips.

"You're playing hard to get, Melody. Or..." Ryan yanked her hair, pulling her head back. "You think the boyfriend is going to save you?"

Melody's eyes went wide.

"Don't play coy. I know he's on his way here... 'seven-thirty or so?' But I don't think there'll be any dinner for Mr. MacKenzie."

"Why are you doing this, Ryan? Why?" Tears were pooling in Melody's eyes, tears of fear and anger.

"Because you're all I've ever wanted, Melody. You were so distracted with Patrick, and now with this... musician... to even see it. But I'm tired of being patient, of waiting for you to come around and realize what we could have...together."

"But I don't want you...I never have." Melody looked up at Ryan. "You've been a mentor, a good friend...but nothing more. I haven't thought of you in any other way. You have to know that."

Ryan let go of Melody's hair, his hands running down her back, one sliding down to cup her ass. She struggled briefly but he pressed himself against her again and she went still in his arms, afraid she'd only excite him more. She could feel the hardness of him, the heat, as he rubbed himself against her.

"No! It's never been that...ever. You've either misunderstood or you're delusional...there's never been anything between us...I don't feel that way about you."

"Liar..." Ryan growled the word in her ear as he pulled her close again, his mouth on her neck. She felt one hand moving to the front of her blouse and as she struggled to push him away, she heard the tearing of fabric, the patter of buttons across the kitchen floor. His hand groped her breast and she gasped, suddenly wild to be out of his grasp.

The sound of glass breaking made them both jump. She turned toward the noise and saw Logan standing in the open doorway to her apartment. A shattered bottle of Macallan was on the floor at his feet.

"Logan..." She saw the confusion in his eyes, and then the pain.

"Aye...I should have known," he muttered, looking down at the puddle of Macallan on the floor. "Waste of a good bottle of Scotch." And then he was gone.

"Let me go!" Melody pushed away from Ryan and he let her go. She struggled to pull the front of her blouse together.

She cried out as she ran through the glass, sinking to the floor, a shard embedded in her foot.

The slam of the stairway door was loud, echoing back down the hall. Melody sat for a moment, her foot forgotten. She felt tears rolling down her cheeks, her mind racing. How can I explain this?

"Well, that's unfortunate." Ryan was standing behind her, looking down at the broken glass, the amber liquid seeping across the floor.

Melody twisted around, looking up at him. "Unfortunate?" She struggled to her feet, pushing aside Ryan's offer of an outstretched hand.

"You call hurting the man who loves me unfortunate?" She rounded on Ryan, anger stilling her tears.

"No. I meant the Scotch. Macallan isn't cheap and this was a good year. The man...well, if he's so easily put off, then it wasn't meant to be, I guess."

"You bastard! What do you know about him? What do you know about me?"

"Oh, I know enough. And I know that this little...affair...you've been having needs to end. For many reasons. It's beneath you, for one thing. He's beneath you."

The crack of her hand against Ryan's cheek was surprisingly loud. Melody's palm stung and she clutched it reflexively with her other hand, breathing hard.

"What the hell?" Ryan took a step forward. He briefly raised a hand to his face, grimacing slightly. Then he stopped, a slow smile spreading across his face. Melody was almost repulsed by his calmness.

"Be very careful Melody..." He walked to the door, carefully avoiding the glass and whisky, now tinged with a few drops of blood.

"You really should clean this up before it stains."

He looked at Melody, the smile on his lips not quite reaching his eyes. "I'll see you tomorrow at work."

* * *

Melody tried Logan's cell phone, calling over and over, reaching only his voice mail. She left a message each time, and finally his number stopped accepting voice mails. She'd finally dug the glass out of her foot, called a cab and headed to his hotel.

Arriving breathless in the lobby, she punched the elevator button, willing the elevator to hurry. On Logan's floor she ran down the hall, pounding on his door. But as her fist struck the wood, the door swung open.

"Logan! Logan!" But her voice echoed. She flipped on the light switch by the door.

"No..."

The room was empty, the door to the bedroom open, the bed stripped. No flowers remained, nothing.

He was gone.

