1

Snow swirled, small stinging flecks drifting and windblown and never accumulating, touching Jamie's nose and cheeks like frozen fingers as she rested her face against the scratchy wool of Chase's coat. Her heart thudded crazily in her breast, adrenalized with the knowledge that she was indulging in something forbidden, something that surely would come with a high cost. She was giving in to something that felt inevitable, as unavoidable as the movement of the stars across the sky, as unstoppable as gravity or time or each breath drawn into shuddering lungs.

Chase's arms were wrapped around her, strong and thick and comforting, holding her close to his warmth and spicy male scent, blocking out the world. The cold around them only added to the sense of isolation, the feeling that they two were the only ones in the world. Jamie had spent so long denying her feelings for Chase, reminding herself why she couldn't be with him, why it was wrong, why it couldn't happen. Now here she was in his arms, and nothing had ever felt so right. Standing chest to chest, breathing in his scent and his strength...nothing had ever felt so much like home.

For Jamie, whose life had been one ratty, barely-able-to-afford-it apartment after another from the age of sixteen, home was a nebulous concept, a thing to be desired but never had. Home was the latest one-year lease, non-refundable deposit, one-room apartment with a galley kitchen and blank white walls. Home was wherever she had a bed and a bottle of vodka.

Now, home suddenly had become this man, wherever he was. She'd spent weeks and months traipsing from suburban Detroit to Chicago, back and forth every weekend, until she was more familiar with the inside of her battered blue Buick LeSabre than the inside of her battered Clawson apartment.

Home. Jamie breathed in again, deeply. Wool of Chase's thick navy peacoat, his cologne-some spicy, citrusy smell that seemed at once exotic and deeply masculine-tangled up with body wash and the smell of fall morphing into winter, the smell of fresh snow and cold, crisp air. She tightened her grip on Chase's shoulders, her arms curling up from underneath his armpits, clinging to his shoulder blades for dear life, as if he might be ripped away.

"You don't need to crush me, Jay," his voice rumbled, amused. "I'm not going anywhere."

"Yes, you are." She fought the overwhelming rush of emotions threatening to choke off her words. "You're always going away."

Chase laughed, another rolling rumble. "Hate to break it to you, babe, but you're the one who kept running from me."

Jamie sniffed-from the cold, of course. "I had to."

"So...what changed?"

Jamie shrugged, a small movement almost lost against Chase's bulk. "Nothing. I just can't fight it anymore."

"Fight what?" Something in his voice had Jamie thinking Chase knew the answer but wanted to hear her say it out loud.

She pushed back a little and tucked her hands in between them, gazing up into his dark eyes. "You know."

"Yeah, but I just want to hear you say it again."

Jamie let her forehead rest against his chest. "Fine," she said, wrapping her arms around his neck, "if you must hear it again. I love you, Chase Delany."

His eyes burned, lit from within, fiery brown locked on her wavering green. "You love me."

"Yep."

His hands rested on her waist, skated up her sides to her shoulders, then cupped her face, powerful callused paws cradling her cheeks with tender gentility. "I might like you a little bit, too."

Jamie frowned. "Like me? A little bit? I'm not so sure this'll work if that's all you've got for me." She pushed up on her toes and bit Chase's lower lip between her teeth.

Chase turned the bite into a kiss, and, unlike the others, this kiss was not the product of desperation. He took her mouth and her lips with hungry determination, devouring her breath with his, driving his tongue into her mouth and exploring it with possessive need. His thumbs brushed over her cheekbones and his lips crushed hers, his tongue tasted hers, and his body was hard and solid against hers. Jamie melted into the kiss, feeling the edges of her soul bleeding into his, the joining of their mouths only the beginning, only the visible tip of the mountain.

"Does that help?" Chase asked.

"Nope. I need to hear it. I need the words." She pressed a kiss to the hard line of his jaw. "I need you to show me."

"I can do that," Chase murmured. "I've loved you since the second you walked into my dressing room in Las Vegas."

"Now we're getting somewhere," Jamie said. "About showing me...?"

Chase laughed. "Well, I have a show. Have to be on stage warming up in an hour. Come with me."

"Like you could pry me away from you at this point," Jamie said.

"Hungry?"

Jamie shook her head. "No, I just ate."

Chase cocked his head. "Something tells me I won't like the answer if I ask who you ate with."

Jamie's eyes narrowed. "No, you wouldn't."

"Is that why you were crying when you ran into me?" Chase said.

"I wasn't crying when I ran into you. I was trying not to cry. Then I smacked into you, and that's what started me crying."

Chase pulled her into a walk and tangled his fingers in hers. "Who was he?"

"Why do you want to know?" Jamie glanced up at him. "Does it matter?"

"Yes. If he made you cry, then I need to kick his ass."

Jamie snorted a laugh. "If you're gonna kick the ass of the person who's made me cry the most in my life, then you'll have to kick your own ass."

"There's something confusing about that statement, but I'm not sure what it is." Chase shook his head. "But for real? You've cried about me?"

Jamie ducked her head, watching the snow drifting in circling swirls between her feet. "Chase, I've never cried so much in my whole life as I have since I met you. It's not...it's not really your fault, directly. It's just the situation. I'm not a crying type, honestly. I don't go bawling into a pint of Ben and Jerry's every time something shitty happens. But something about this whole situation between us just f**ks me up in the head."

Chase nodded. "I know what you mean." He squeezed her hand. "Tell me about him, though. This situation is f**ked up enough without any secrets."

"It's not a secret. But fine, if you must know. His name was Ian. He was from London. I met him..." She trailed off, laughing. "Actually, I met him when I was trying to run away from how I felt about you. I ended up somewhere north of Flint in a shitty dive bar off the freeway. He was the only one there who wasn't a trucker or a gap-toothed yokel."

"Good reason to like a guy, I suppose."

"I liked him because he made me feel something. I'd been trying to just not feel for a long time. He wasn't you, but he was nice. Kinda sexy. Had a hot accent." Jamie sucked in a long breath. "Ian was...wonderful. Treated me great. Eventually moved here to Chicago to be with me. He claimed it was because his mother moved here, but I think she moved here to be closer to him. I don't know. I've been coming to Chicago to be with him every weekend for months now."

"He made you come to him every weekend?" Chase sounded incensed.

"I did it voluntarily. He came to Detroit, too, but I liked driving down to Chicago, because driving was...a relief. I could shut down and just drive."

"Am I missing something? You said he was wonderful, but it sounds almost like you were trying to get away from what he made you feel."

"Damn your insightfulness." Jamie dug her other hand into her coat pocket. "I didn't love him. I couldn't, and I didn't try to convince myself I did. I just wanted to not be alone. I couldn't have you, but I thought maybe if I tried hard enough, I could be happy with someone. If it could have been anyone, it would have been Ian."

"But?"

"He knew I wasn't happy. I met him for dinner a few blocks away, maybe two hours ago. He just wanted to know what was going on, why I wasn't happy. I tried to explain...well, no, I didn't. I knew he wouldn't get it. How do you explain this thing between us?"

Chase expelled a breath heavy with sympathetic understanding. "You don't. Fuck, I didn't even try to explain it to Tess. She broke up with me just before you ran into me."

"Tess?"

"My version of Ian. My attempt to be okay without you."

Jamie glanced up at him. "Didn't work any better than mine, did it?"

Chase huffed a sarcastic laugh. "Not hardly. Clearly. Staying away from you...it's like...trying to defy gravity."

"Gonna sing me some Wicked?" Jamie teased.

Chase quirked an eyebrow at her, then did a surprising rendition of the iconic song in question. Jamie found herself stunned. Chase's voice, what little she'd heard of it, was lower, growly, more of a rock voice, and she hadn't thought him capable of hitting some of the notes in that song. He did, though, and amazingly well.

"You just can't help it, can you?" Jamie asked, laughing.

"What?"

"Being incredible."

He shrugged, grinning. "Not really, no. I was just joking with you, though, singing the song. It was shitty, too. That song is written as a duet, and it's way out of my range."

"I didn't notice anything off."

Chase waved a hand dismissively. "Most wouldn't. I did it fair justice, but a real Broadway singer would have cringed."

"I don't know. I thought you sounded amazing. You shouldn't doubt yourself."

He just shrugged. "I'm not doubting myself. I'm in a rock band. I have no designs or aspirations on Broadway. I have enough of a musical ear to be able to sing pretty much anything I hear, but my voice just isn't that kind of voice." He glanced at her. "You know I majored in musical theater in college?"

Jamie stopped walking, staring at him. "Are you shitting me?"

Chase rubbed the back of his neck. "No. Why is that so surprising? I've always loved music, and yes, I've always loved being the center of attention."

"I guess I shouldn't be shocked," Jamie said, walking with Chase again. "I guess you just seem so much like a natural born rock star that I can't picture you prancing around singing 'Maria.'"

Chase laughed. "Actually, I did that show my sophomore year of college. I was a kick-ass Tony, I'll have you know."

"I'm not about to debate that," Jamie said, trying to picture Chase with slicked-back hair and tight black jeans. It wasn't a difficult image to summon, oddly.

Chase stopped into a pizzeria and got a couple to-go slices, ate them as they made their way to the venue where Six Foot Tall was playing. Jamie sat at the bar and nursed a glass of wine while she watched the band set up and warm up. She watched Chase test his microphone. Doubts crept in.

What the hell am I doing? She shouldn't be here. Shouldn't be considering what she was considering. A couple of kisses, a declaration of love...those were all good and well, but nothing had changed. Being with Chase would still be fraught with problems.

She should just get up and leave. Not tempt either of them anymore.

Jamie stared down into the rippling red depths of her wine, arguing with herself. If she walked away again, she wasn't sure she would ever recover. She'd turn into a cat lady. Or a dog lady, since she hated cats. Or maybe a fish lady. One of those really, really crazy people with fish tanks on every wall. Chase would be okay, right? He'd get over it. Just like she would.

Right.

Part of her kept wondering why she was fighting this so hard. Hadn't Anna said she'd find a way to deal with it if Jamie and Chase got together?

Chase's deep voice rumbled in her ear. "Not thinking of bolting on me, are you?"

Jamie started, not having heard him approach. "What? No! Yes. Maybe. No." She took a swallow of her wine to cover her nerves.

Chase dragged a fingernail across her hand clutching the wine glass, then to her wrist, then up her forearm. Jamie shivered and swiveled her gaze from the ruby liquid to his intense mocha gaze. The heat in his eyes had the doubts melting like an ice cube under a summer sun, had desire pulsing from a flicker into an inferno. The only point of contact between them was his finger trailing a line of fire from her elbow up her shirt sleeve to her shoulder, but that was enough to push a balloon of pressure into her womb, to send heat cresting between her thighs.

If he touched her any more intimately, Jamie would combust on the spot. He brushed his finger back down her arm, slicing down the skin mere millimeters from her breast. She ached for his touch suddenly. If he would just nudge the outside of her breast, even through her shirt and her bra, she might find some satisfaction. Some release. The pressure, the mountain of frustration piled up within her, was heavier than ever, pushing at the walls of her sanity. She needed Chase. It wasn't a matter of desire. Not anymore.

She had to feel him. Hold him. Touch him. Taste him. His face was an inch away from hers, his spicy male scent filling her nostrils, his breath on her neck, his finger now teasing her, tracing the curve of her breast. His freshly shaven scalp gleamed dully in the dim lights, and Jamie couldn't resist scraping her palm over the smooth skin, drawing his lips closer to hers, drawing his mouth against hers, from sucking his tongue into her mouth and running her tongue over his teeth and tasting the faint tang of toothpaste layered under the pizza and the more recent beer he'd been sipping as he set up.

His body closed the space between them, his h*ps between her legs, his mouth returning her kiss with equal fervor, his hand kneading the denim clinging to her thigh, his fingers tickling the underside of her breast. He was her world, the distant thump of the drums being tested fading, the hum of a guitar and the rumble of a bass drowned beneath the rush of blood in her ears, the pound of need in her mind, the crush of desire like sun fire in her veins.

"I want you..." she gasped, the words torn from her lips as the kiss broke.

"I need you..." he answered, murmuring the words in a ragged rhythm, his lips moving against hers.

Her legs wrapped around his waist, her arms around his neck, and they kissed once more, or perhaps it was the same kiss continued, broken and resumed. That was it, Jamie decided: they'd only kissed once over the blocks of months they'd been denying their love for each other. It was only one kiss, interrupted.

Howls and wolf whistles finally had them splitting apart.

"If we don't stop now, we'll never stop," Chase said, his voice a husky whisper.

"But I don't want to stop," Jamie said.

"I don't, either," Chase said, "but the things I want to do to you are best done in private."

"What are you doing to my privates?"

"A lot of things," Chase promised, "but none of them here."

"At least give me a hint?"

Chase kissed her again, slowly, driving his tongue into her mouth, dipping in and retreating, laving her lips and tongue. "I'll do that to you..." he whispered, "over...and over...and over."

"Oh, god...please?" Jamie's voice was a pleading whimper. She sounded desperate, and she didn't care, because she was desperate. "What else are you gonna do to me?"

"Hmmm," Chase rumbled. He scratched her jeans on her thigh, high up, dangerously close to the "V" where she wanted his touch, his fingers moving in a mocking rhythm. "I might do this to you...and if you're good, I might even kiss you and touch you like that at the same time. I might even let you come."

Jamie laughed against his mouth, her smile mirroring his. She reached between them to cup his bulge through the leather of his pants, felt a thrill of satisfaction as she realized he was huge and hard inside his pants, aching for her as she ached for him. She traced the hard lines of his c*ck with her thumb and forefinger, stroking him through the leather. "And I might just do this to you," she whispered back to him. "I might just let you come, too. If you're good. I might just put my mouth on you and let you come down my throat. You want that? Hmmm?"

"Oh, god." Chase's voice was thick with barely restrained desire. "God...do I want that. So bad. So bad."

"Well, then...you'd better be good. And you'd better finish this show so you can take me home." Jamie felt a pang of emptiness shoot through her as Chase backed away, watching her for several backward steps before turning away and swaggering to the stage. The ache between her thighs was an all-devouring pressure now, a pounding, pulsing, fiery burn.

It was going to be a long show.

2

Chase knew he'd never been more on fire as that night on stage. The knowledge that Jamie was waiting for him at the bar infused him with a manic energy, a contagious drive that had the band playing better than they ever had. The crowd felt it, too, and turned the concert into a wild party, several mosh pits starting in various areas. Chase worked them up into a fury, adjusting the intended playlist to include numbers the crowd could participate in, goading them into singing back to him. He bounded across the stage, feeling the music in his veins like liquid fire. Every once in a while he would glance to where Jamie watched from her seat at the bar, and he would feel a new rush of energy burst through him at the sight of her.

By the time the show was over, the crowd was insane, and began chanting for an encore until the band had to go back out and play another mini-set. Chase was impatient by this time. As much as he loved the rush of performing, he was ready to be done, ready to scoop Jamie up and find the nearest hotel room. He crossed back and forth at the edge of the stage, eyes now locked on Jamie in the distance, finishing their last encore number.

Off-stage, Chase had a quick celebratory shot with the guys, who knew his moods well enough to know he wasn't in the mood for a party. They'd grown used to him taking off on his own while they partied.

Gage followed him away from the group, cornering him against a doorway. "Something happened." Gage knew him better than anyone, and knew there was a reason for his renewed energy.

Chase shrugged into his coat and moved to push past him. "Yeah, something happened. I'll catch up to you guys."

Gage narrowed his eyes, blocking Chase's exit. "You've doing better recently. Since you've been with Tess. The guys need you on point, man. I don't know what's going on with you, but something's changed."

"Tess broke up with me."

Gage rocked his head back on his shoulders, eyes closing, scrubbing his palms down his face. "Shit."

"It's okay, though. It had to happen. I knew it, she knew it. It's better this way."

"You don't seem real broken up about it." Suspicion crossed Gage's face, his pale blue eyes searching Chase's.

"It's complicated. We're in Milwaukee next, right?"

"Yeah, why?"

Chase shrugged, going for nonchalance. "Go without me. I'll meet you there. I've got some shit to take care of."

Gage's lips quirked. "Does the shit you're taking care of happen to have curly red hair?"

"Might."

Gage shook his head slowly and blew out a long breath. "Just be on stage in Milwaukee on Wednesday, man," he said. "That's all I ask."

"I will. You know I will."

Gage clapped Chase on the shoulder and turned away, then stopped and gave Chase a long, level look. "Also, because you're my best friend...be careful, okay? When everything happened with Anna, man, you were a hot f**king mess. Having you on an even keel makes everything better for all of us."

Chase nodded and gave Gage a man-hug, their right hands clasping as if arm-wrestling, then bumping chests and right shoulders. "I know. That was kind of a shitty time for me. Thanks for putting up with my bullshit. This thing I've got going on now...it could be good. Really good."

"And if it doesn't go the way you're hoping?"

Chase didn't answer immediately. "It will. It has to."

Gage gave Chase a hard shove toward the exit. "Go. And good luck."

I don't need luck, Chase thought. I just need her.

He found her on the same stool where he'd left her, finishing a side of cheese fries, dipping the last one in ranch. She had a nearly empty glass of red wine in front of her, and she tossed the last bit back as Chase approached.

"That was a seriously great show," she said, standing up and putting on her coat, then slipping her palms around to the backs of his shoulders. "You kicked ass."

The familiar affection in the way she touched him sent a thrill of excitement through Chase, the kind of upwelling of emotion that had his throat closing and his heart pumping harder. He fitted his hands to the swell of her hips, holding her tight against him.

"Thanks," he said. "I was pumped. I felt good. Knowing you were watching...it just gave me this jolt of energy."

Jamie pressed even closer to him, crushing her br**sts against his chest and gazing up into his eyes. "So now what do we do?" She curled her fingers into the muscle of his shoulders, nails raking through the thin cotton of his T-shirt, sending chills of arousal shivering down his spine and into his balls.

"Now...we have three days to ourselves. My next show isn't until Wednesday."

Her lips touched his jaw between ear and chin, then his throat; Chase had to focus on catching his breath each time a kiss planted fire on his skin. "And what could we possibly do for those three days?" Her voice was low and sultry and thick with overt suggestion.

Chase let his fingers crawl down to caress the upper curve of her ass, scratching the denim. "Hmmm. I might be able to think of a few things."

"Less thinking, more doing." Jamie bit him, a sharp nip of the skin on his neck near his shoulder. "I can't take the waiting anymore. I need you. Right now."

Chase rumbled a husky laugh in reply, turning away and taking her hand in his. He pulled her into a swift walk, leading her out of the club and into the cold Chicago night. The air was still and thin, cold as the upper atmosphere, dark as space. A yellow cab drifted by, its light off, tires buzzing against the road. A few isolated flecks of snow skirled through the street, blown from some secret place. The sky above was clear and cloudless, blackest black between sky-scraping towers. A sliver of gibbous moon glinted low in the sky, and Jamie's hand was warm in Chase's.

He took a deep breath of the frozen air, glanced at Jamie. "There's a hotel just around the corner. We can go there."

"The closer the better."

Chase pulled her into a walk in the direction of the hotel. "Eager, much?"

Jamie shoved him playfully. "Yeah. You're not? Maybe I misjudged the situation, then."

Chase pulled her into him and grabbed a handful of her ass and kneaded it roughly. "I'm about two seconds away from bending you over that car and taking you right here," Chase growled, "so don't tempt me."

Jamie gazed up at him with serious eyes. "You don't hear me protesting, do you?"

Chase just shook his head and pulled her back into a walk. They reached the hotel soon, and Chase stood at the concierge desk arranging for a room. The lobby was deserted except for the concierge. As he worked with the young woman behind the desk, Chase felt Jamie's fingers slide down over his stomach and down to his groin. She found the shape of his c*ck behind his zipper and traced its length with her fingers. Chase gave her a look in warning, but she only smiled innocently at him. The concierge named the total for the room, and Chase dug his wallet out of his coat pocket, working to keep his expression neutral and his h*ps still. Jamie's stroking of his shaft through the leather increased in tempo as he waited for his card to be run, and then as he signed the slip. He was growing harder with every stroke, burgeoning, thickening. He felt pre-come gather at the tip, soaking the cotton of his boxer-briefs. He sucked in a deep breath and let it out slowly, turning away and pushing Jamie in front of him to hide his arousal. They stood back to front at a bank of elevators, waiting for a car to arrive. As they stood, Jamie pressed herself back against him, subtly writhing her h*ps to rub her ass against his cock.

Chase hissed between his teeth, finding it ever harder to contain his arousal. He was nearing the point of having to physically hold himself back. He'd been so turned on for so long that he was near to bursting. He'd been turned on and ready to go since the moment Jamie slammed into him on the street, since she kissed him, since her body pressed against his. His arousal had only kind of gone away during the show, and every time he'd glanced at Jamie from the stage, he'd felt a bolt of desire.

He was so hard, so ready...and she was making it impossible to hold back, reaching behind herself to cup the back of his head, turning her face sideways to plant desperate kisses on his cheek and lips, writhing against his c*ck shamelessly. There was no one in the lobby at all, the concierge having vanished, but Chase still felt exposed.

"Goddamn, Jamie. You have me right on the edge," he said, whispering in her ear. "I'm close already. You'd better back up and give me a chance to get myself under control, or I'm gonna come in my pants right here."

The elevator doors opened right then, and they stepped into the car, pushing the button for the seventh floor. The doors swooshed closed, and as soon as the car began moving, Jamie turned to face Chase.

"Maybe I don't want you to have control..." she said, fumbling with the button of his pants. "Maybe I want you to come, right here, right now."

"That could be messy."

His pants were open now, and she was pushing his zipper down, freeing his rigid shaft and taking it into both hands. Chase couldn't breathe suddenly, could only hold himself absolutely still, every muscle tensed and locked, focused on holding back. Her hands were hot on his skin, soft and tender and greedy, working him steadily, her body pressed against his, backing him into a corner.

He felt himself rising then, against his control. Her eyes were on him, searching him. He had to close his eyes then, squeezing them shut and gritting his teeth, sucking in a breath and holding it, ducking his head and straining with every fiber of his being.

She didn't relent, kept up her slow, intimate ministrations, both fists on his length, gliding up and back down, rubbing his crown in her palm now as she pumped his base, then moving her fists on him hand over hand.

He gasped raggedly, then ground out the warning: "I can't...I can't hold it back. Goddammit...fuck." He clawed his fingers with crushing force into the denim and muscle of her ass, squeezing so hard she gasped. "I'm gonna come, Jamie. Right now."

She sank quickly to her knees and took him in her mouth, one hand stroking his c*ck at the base, the other cupping his balls, middle finger pressing against his taint and massing the muscle there. She sucked hard, taking him deep. Chase came with a soft grunt, fisting his hands in her soft curls, holding her but not pushing at her. She drew him out of her mouth to lick his tip, then sucked him deep again as his muscles clenched once more, releasing a second stream into her mouth. She was grinding her fist on his base in a furious rhythm, drawing his orgasm to a wild frenzy, her finger pressing against his taint and spurring him to a third spasm, her mouth bobbing on him, taking him deep and then backing away.

As he shot the last of his seed into her mouth, the elevator came to an unexpected stop on the fifth floor, the bell dinging and the doors sliding open. Jamie jumped to her feet at the ding of the bell, tugging his pants up. She pressed Chase into the corner, wrapping her arms around him and burying her face against his cheek, shielding his still-throbbing c*ck from the view of the elderly couple who got onto the elevator with them.

Chase heard her giggling, then heard her swallow and giggle again, her shoulders shaking. Her hands were cupping the back of his head, stroking his stubble, her breath huffing on his ear.

"You came a lot," she whispered, her voice so quiet as to be barely audible.

"I can't believe you did that," he said, his voice equally low.

The couple in front of them were whispering to each other as well, muttering and casting disapproving, disgusted glances at Chase and Jamie.

"I told you I needed you," Jamie whispered. "And I still do. That was...just a taste."

Chase chuckled helplessly at her turn of phrase. "Well, you did get quite a taste."

"You taste so good," Jamie said. "And your cock...it's perfect."

"Think we could get away with me tasting you on the elevator?"

Jamie laughed. "Maybe if I was wearing a skirt."

"You mean I have to wait?"

"Only a few more seconds."

The elevator dinged again, letting them off on their floor. As they exited, Chase still pressed against Jamie's front, they heard the man on the elevator mumble, "Damn kids. Smells like sex in here."

They broke into laughter as the doors closed. Their room was only a few feet away from the elevators, and as Chase reached past Jamie to slide the keycard into the slot, Jamie tilted her head back to whisper in Chase's ear.

"I need you inside me." She reached back and stroked a finger against his soft shaft, causing him to twitch and harden. "Hurry up and get the door open."

Chase was fumbling, inserting the key and pulling it out either too fast or too slow so the light wouldn't switch from red to green. Finally, after a few muttered curses, he got it open, and they stumbled into the darkened room. The door snicked closed, and Chase flipped on a light.

He stopped, pants unzipped and unbuttoned, his c*ck thickening in anticipation as he watched Jamie turn in place to face him, a hungry look in her eyes. She licked her lips, br**sts heaving as she sucked in several deep, steadying breaths. She bit her lower lip, then crossed her arms and peeled her shirt off, revealing her full, ivory br**sts pushed up in a violently purple front-clasp bra.

Chase felt his c*ck twitch and grow harder, and Jamie's eyes flicked down to it, a grin spreading across her face.

"I didn't really get to see it before," she said. "It's so pretty."

Chase glanced down at himself, then back to her. "If you say so." He took a step toward her, then another, stretching out a hand to caress her waist. "You're so f**king gorgeous, Jamie. You take my breath away. I get hard just looking at you. You're incredible. You're perfect."

Jamie shook her head, ducking her face to glance at the carpeting. "No. But I'm glad you think so."

"You are. You're perfect. Not just perfect to me, but actually perfect." He stepped closer yet, and his nak*d c*ck pressed hot against her warm, silk-soft belly.

"Perfect? I'm not, I'm-"

Chase shut her up with a kiss, a deep, endless, claiming of her mouth. She melted into him, digging her fingers against his back and pushing his T-shirt up, breaking apart to rip the cotton away and toss it aside before reclaiming his mouth with hers. Her hunger for him made Chase dizzy, wild with disbelief, breathless with anticipation.

She explored his body with her hands, roaming from his bare shoulders to his chest, his back to his stomach, scrubbing her palms over his bald scalp in a now-familiar gesture of affection that had Chase's heart seizing.

Jamie pushed his pants down, sinking to her knees and brushing his torso with hot kisses as he did so, then caressing his leg with her hand and lifting his foot from the leather, peeling it off one leg at a time, kissing each thigh as it was bared. Chase tried to lift her to her feet, uncomfortable with the kind of attention she was paying to him, overwhelmed by the sheer potency of the emotions she was displaying. She cupped his balls in both hands, pressing kisses to his belly, his thigh, the crease of his leg beside his sack, then touched her lips to his shaft. He gasped, and she turned her face sideways to take his length in her mouth, sliding her wet lips across his skin, tongue tasting his flesh. She wasn't giving him or*l s*x, he realized. She was kissing him, arousing him, showing desire for him. As if he needed further arousal.

He pulled away from her forcefully, feeling himself rising yet again. Not this time, he thought. This time is about her.

He pulled her to her feet, captured both of her wrists in one of his hands. "My turn," he said.

She let her hands go limp, stood straight, lifting her chin and gazing at him, cool and collected. "Touch me, please," she said.

* * *

Jamie's heart was pounding in her chest. She had the taste of Chase in her mouth, the musk of his seed from the elevator, the salt of his skin. She couldn't put words to what she was feeling in that moment. Desire, need...these weren't strong enough. She hadn't meant to go down on him in the elevator. She'd just been unable to resist touching him in the street, or in front of the concierge, and then when they were alone in the elevator, she'd simply had to feel his skin in her hands, feel his huge c*ck fill her fists. And then she'd realized how close he was. She then simply had to feel him come, had to taste him. His c*ck felt so perfect in her hands, filling both hands and spilling over the top of her uppermost fist. She knew there might be cameras watching, knew someone could get on the elevator with them at any moment, but she didn't care. If he'd stripped her nak*d and banged her up against the elevator wall, she wouldn't have cared. Nothing mattered in the moment but Chase, nothing but his skin and his heat and his body and his heart, his emotions so potent and completely bared on his face, in his eyes.

She'd tasted him, taken him in her mouth, swallowed him, caressed him and brought him to completion, felt his seed fill her mouth, hot and salty and thick, felt his tip touch the back of her throat, felt his balls seize and clench, and she'd taken more, wanting all of him.

And now she stood in front of him, vulnerable, letting her love show in her eyes, nearly nak*d and shivering with need. Except...what she felt was so far past a paltry word like "need." Every atom in her body was vibrating with desire for him, with the blood-hot need to feel his hands on her bare skin, his lips on her body, his thickness filling her.

She stood stone-still, shirtless, breath coming in slow, deep gasps, waiting. His eyes were dark and hooded, his chest rising and falling with his desperate breathing. He was nak*d, gloriously nude, bared for her perusal. She openly stared at him, taking in his thick arms scribed with tattoos, his hands curling into fists and releasing at his sides, his narrow waist and hard, round ass, his proudly jutting cock, huge and thick and dark, purple-veined and heavy. His thighs were thick and hard, too, quadriceps cut and defined. His bald scalp was beaded with dots of sweat, and one drop trailed down his cheek. Why was he sweating? It was cold in the hotel room, and he was nak*d.

She forced herself into stillness, wanting to rush over to him, press her body against his and beg him to put his hands on her, his c*ck inside her, his mouth on her. She'd already asked him to touch her, and now she would wait for him to do so in his way, in his time.

Her hands trembled. She'd tasted him, touched him, given away her feelings. She'd given herself over to him, knowing there was never any going back now. That kiss on the street had done her in. She was his now, for better or worse.

Jamie swallowed hard past the lump in her throat. He wasn't moving, wasn't doing anything but staring at her, his gaze suddenly inscrutable. His hands tightened into fists at his sides, and his jaw clenched, his eyes narrowing.

Suddenly, fear shot through her. Maybe...god, no. Maybe since she'd gotten him off, he was done with her. Maybe all he'd wanted was a cheap thrill, and the rest of it had been a game. Maybe he was about to walk away. He was tensed, hard, almost shut down.

"Chase?" She couldn't help his name from escaping her lips. "I..." One of her hands reached for him, then dropped to her side again. "Was this not what you-"

He crossed the space between them with one bound, lips crushing against hers, his hands curling around her waist and pulling her body flush with his. His c*ck was a hard rod between them, thick and hot against her bare belly.

"I love you so much it hurts," he whispered.

Jamie's soul clenched. "What?"

"You heard me. I...you're so beautiful. So perfect. You're really here? With me? You're not going to leave again?" His face twisted, and his voice was low and hard. "I need you. Now. Always."

Jamie caressed his spine, then clutched the cool muscle of his ass. "I'm not going anywhere," she said. "I'm here. I'm waiting for you to make love to me. Please, Chase. Is that what you're waiting for? Me to beg you? Please, Chase. Please make love to me."

Chase's eyes blazed. "I should be the one begging you. I am begging you. Let me love you."

In answer, she reached up and unclasped the bra, pulled it off her shoulders, and dropped it to the floor next to her with a flourish. She reached for the button of her pants, but Chase stopped her.

"Let me," he said, and sank to his knees in front of her.

She caressed his scalp as he pressed a line of fiery kisses down her stomach, then gasped as he thankgodfinally freed the button of her jeans, unzipped them, worked them down her hips. She wriggled her ass as he shimmied them down to her feet, then stepped out of them. When she wiggled her hips, Chase's nostrils flared, and his mouth seemed to latch almost involuntarily onto her hipbone, his teeth nipping her skin, as if the sway of her h*ps drove him wild. She did it again, but this time to a rhythm, swaying side to side in his grip in a belly-dancing bounce. Chase growled, eyes sliding closed as if he couldn't contain his desire. His fingers scraped down her spine, stiffened into talons, raking off her panties-a purple thong matching her bra. She was nak*d then.

Kneeling in front of her, Chase merely gazed at her once again for several long moments, eyes raking over her full br**sts to her wide, curvy hips, to her thick thighs. He reached up, traced his hand down her side, caressing the edge of her breast, then down farther to her hip. Her breath caught as his hands swept around her h*ps to clutch her ass, exploring the firm flesh, kneading, digging, caressing. His finger swept down the crease, and she instinctively widened her stance to allow him better access. She didn't care where he touched her, she just wanted, needed, his touch. Anywhere. Everywhere. She trusted him to touch her anywhere, everywhere. He didn't push in, but simply explored her body with his hand, caressed the weight of each cheek of her buttocks.

She began to breathe a little then as he kissed her belly, sucking in long, shuddering breaths. He reached up to cup her breast, merely holding its weight at first, then exploring it more thoroughly as he had her ass. She let her head tip back as he rubbed his thumb over her nipple, felt it harden under his touch. Having been settled back on his haunches, Chase now rose up to his knees and kissed the underside of one breast, then the other. Jamie felt her lungs seize again when he took a nipple in his mouth, sucking it between his lips, past his teeth. She moaned gently, and then louder when he worried the nipple in his teeth, gasped when he pinched the other nipple in his fingers. His free hand carved down her ass, down the back of her leg, then back up her thigh, along the inside now.

Jamie let her legs widen a bit more, and his fingers found the damp heat of her entrance. He didn't enter her channel yet, but, as he had her br**sts and ass, he merely explored at first, tracing the line of her labia, one side and then other, tickling, probing, touching. He was moving his mouth from one breast to the other now, his one hand clutching her ass, fingers of the other hand darting into the wet heat of her desire.

She smelled the musk of her arousal, potent and pungent, and then, to her mortification, she heard him sniff her, smelling her.

"God, Chase, don't do that!" she said, feeling her cheeks flush. "I smell-"

"You smell incredible," he said, cutting her off. "You smell so good. So good, I just want to...taste you, eat you."

"God...Chase..." This time it wasn't a protestation, but an affirmation.

He had accompanied his words with a swipe of two fingers into her p**sy, and her legs buckled, her capacity for speech stolen along with her breath. Jamie rested her hands on the top of his head, rubbing her thumbs in tiny circles, letting her eyes shutter closed. He curled his fingers to explore her inner walls, stroking her insides, exploring her there as thoroughly as he had everywhere else, not seeking yet to bring her to orgasm, but merely learning her body.

Jamie loved his exploration. She would be content to let him explore forever, even if she never came. This touching, this tender, hungry searching of her body, sated her in way she'd never felt, filled the ache in her soul. Already the mountain of frustration was gone, replaced now by a wellspring of contentment, and they'd only begun.

He suckled her nipple into his mouth and drew his face away from her body, stretching her nipple to its fullest, almost painful extension, and then he released it with a wet smack. She felt his gaze on her, opened her eyes to see his wide and full of vulnerability. His hand was resting on her ass, holding her, and the other was delving in her womanhood, dipping and curling and swiping; now, his eyes locked on hers, he traced his middle finger up the wet crease of her p**sy and began to circle her clit. He didn't make direct contact yet but merely let his finger drift almost lazily around it. Jamie held her breath, legs buckling to get her core closer to his touch, then, after an endless moment, he brushed the sensitive nub, seemingly by accident. Jamie expelled the breath on a short, sharp moan.

His touch was like fire, like magic. Nothing had ever felt so good. He seemed to know exactly how to touch her, how to give her the most pleasure. She kept her eyes on his, forced her heart open, letting her every thought, every emotion show in her eyes. She'd been holding herself in for so long, containing her feelings, pushing everything down, and now here he was, the man she'd dreamed about, wanted, needed for so long, here in front of her, kneeling before her and worshipping her body with his hands and his mouth.

The hand on her butt trailed down her leg, curled around her ankle, and gently guided her stance wider. She complied willingly, spreading her feet apart until she felt air cold on her bare, bald p**sy. Then she held her breath once more as Chase slowly lowered down on his haunches, his gaze never leaving hers. She stroked his head, fingers playing across the ripples and ridges of his scalp, down behind his ears, tracing the hard, masculine line of his strong jaw, thumbs skittering lovingly over his cheekbones before resting once more on the back of his head. His gaze pulled away then, and turned to her core.

"God, Jamie. So sexy. So hot. So perfect." He kissed her belly, cutting a line of kisses across it, making it clear that he liked it, loved it, found it as sexy as the rest of her, and for once she believed him, knew he believed it and felt sexy for him, because of him; his mouth touched lower now, just above her pubis. "Your p**sy is so beautiful, Jamie. Just like the rest of you. Hold on to me now. I'm going to kiss you here. I'm gonna make you come so hard."

She clutched the back of his head and shamelessly, wantonly pulled his mouth onto her p**sy. "Yes!" she cried out, the word a gasp of intense pleasure.

His tongue teased her clit, lapped up the crease from bottom to top and then again, licking her. His fingers had never left her, had been slowly working toward her G-spot and were massaging it gently. When he thrust his tongue against her clit, he began to work her G-spot harder. She arched her back and let her knees buckle once more, lowering herself to his mouth. He began a rhythm now, tongue circling her clit, moving his fingers against the sensitive ribbed flesh high inside her walls, free hand caressing and clutching her breast, cupping it, thumbing the nipple, pinching it.

She held on to him, held him against her, bobbing her body up and down into his tongue, into his fingers. She was close already, despite his promise to make it slow.

Then he pulled away, and she heard a whimper of frustration rip from her lips. "Chase! Don't stop, I was close-"

"I said it was going to be slow." He stood up, leaving his fingers inside her, moving them from her G-spot to her clit, circling and stimulating, but not enough to let her come. "You need to lie down, love. I wouldn't want you to fall."

"You seem pretty confident you're gonna make me come that hard, huh?" She tried to make her voice steady and flippant, but it still came out breathy and small.

"It's not confidence, babes. It's knowledge. I know how hard I'm gonna make you come."

"Oh, yeah? How do you know?"

He pushed her back toward the bed until her knees hit, then pushed her again so she was bending awkwardly backward, her feet still planted on the floor. He crushed his body against hers, his c*ck against her belly, hot and hard. She wanted it. She hooked her feet around his waist and jerked him toward her, reaching between them to grab his shaft.

He laughed and let her touch him, their wrists crossed and bumping as he mercilessly and skillfully caressed her stiffened cl*t with his fingers, her hand pumping c*ck greedily. He kissed her lips, and she tasted her own juices on his lips, his tongue, as she knew he tasted himself in her mouth. He crawled up onto the bed, forcing her to let go of him or risk hurting him, so she scooted backward until she felt a pillow beneath her head. He stopped, and then began to slip back down her body, taking his c*ck out of her reach. She wanted to touch him more, hold him, caress him, kiss him. She wanted him in her mouth again, in her p**sy, against her belly and between her br**sts, all over her. She wanted him everywhere-

Then his teeth brushed her clit, his lips forming a seal against her labia, sucking her nub into his mouth. She let her legs fall apart and went limp into his touch, gasping a whimper when he slipped his fingers deeper once more, pressing circles onto her G-spot, and she knew she was rising again, nearing orgasm again.

So, of course, he slowed down. She wanted to cry out in frustration, and opened her mouth to do so, but her growl turned into a moan as his free hand drifted between her legs, beneath his other hand and sought out her most secret place. She clenched up, legs squeezing, buttocks tensing.

"Chase...no...not yet."

He grunted, still swiping his fingers inside her. "No? Not ready for that yet?"

She shook her head, unable to get a word out past her trembling, shaking lips. She was on the verge of orgasm still, held there by his fingers inside her, by his tongue inside her. She wasn't able to fall over the edge, though, clenched up and tensed up and and quivering at the feel of his long middle finger waiting at the crease of her ass, mere centimeters from the tight knot of her anus.

He left his finger there, and she tried to forget its presence but couldn't, and that kept her just this side of orgasm.

"I want to come, Chase, please!"

"Then come."

"I can't-I can't. You...your finger. It's too close to my a**hole. I'm...I can't. Not that. Not yet."

He moved his hand away, drifting upward with deliberate slowness to cup her left breast, the larger one, the one he seemed to favor. She arched into his touch, gasping, scratching lightly down his scalp with her fingernails. He shuddered and moaned when she did that, and the vibrations of his voice on her cl*t sent her spiraling over the edge, writhing uncontrollably beneath him, pushing her core into his mouth, shameless, needing more, more, and he gave her more, tonguing her relentlessly, milking her orgasm, sliding his fingers within her, pinching her nipple almost-but-not-quite too hard, just this side of painful.

She rode the waves of cli**x, clinging to Chase's head, pushing him between her thighs until she couldn't take any further stimulation, and then she pulled him upward. He let himself be dragged up to lie next to her, stroking her skin with his palms, roaming over her belly and arms and thighs, but giving her sensitive, swollen tissues a brief respite from his attentions.

Jamie held him to her chest, then pulled him to her mouth for a kiss, tasting herself on him even more strongly. The kiss sparked her need all over again, and she twisted on the bed so she was facing him, partly on top of him, tracing the contours of his chest with her fingers. She slowly drifted her touch downward, following the hard lines of his ribs, then the ridges of his abdomen, then the sexy V-cut leading to his achingly hard cock.

He gasped into the kiss when she took him in her hand, moaned low in his throat when she caressed his length.

"I want you inside me," she whispered, her lips moving against his.

He took her h*ps in his hands and lifted her all the way on top of him, then paused to grunt a single word, "Protection-"

"I have some in my purse." Jamie looked away, then back to Chase, their eyes meeting in an acknowledgement of the awkwardness brought on by the tacit understanding of what that meant. "I know that's-I'm sorry if-"

Chase slid out from beneath her and grabbed her purse from the floor, handing it to her. "I know. You don't need to be sorry. You're here with me now. That's all that matters, right?"

"Right," Jamie agreed.

She dug in the purse and produced an unopened box of condoms, set them on the table beside the bed. They both stared at the box. Jamie pushed away the niggling worm of doubt deep inside her, the part of her that wanted to bring up the reasons why there might be other things that mattered besides being there in the hotel room with Chase. She wanted so badly for that to be all that mattered, but there were other things.

"Chase, I-"

He flopped backward, rubbing his face with his palm. "There are other things that matter. That's what you're going to say, isn't it? I know, Jay. I know."

"No one has ever called me Jay except...except-"

"Except Anna. You can say her name, you know. I'm not gonna flip out or get weird. She's my ex-girlfriend, not my ex-wife. And honestly, I'm not sure 'girlfriend' is even the right word for what we had. We never discussed the nature of it, never put our relationship in a box. But whatever. That's completely beside the point." Chase sat up again and took Jamie's hands in his. "The point is, you don't have to tiptoe around the subject of Anna with me. I'm here. You're here. There are issues, yes, and I'm not saying I don't care about them, because I do. But...I don't want to care about them right now. I just want to be with you right now."

Jamie shifted on the bed, torn between awkwardness and worry and desire. "I want to be with you, too. I just...I'm worried we're...I don't know. Never mind. It's nothing."

Chase hissed in exasperation. "Oh, come on Jamie! Don't give me that 'it's nothing' bullshit. Say what you think. Say what you feel."

Jamie tugged the blankets down and tucked the flat sheet over her chest. "I'm worried we rushed into this."

"Rushed-Jamie...how can you think that? How long have we been denying what we feel for each other?"

"Not that. This," Jamie said, gesturing to their nak*d bodies, to the bed. "Both of us were with other people, like today."

Chase growled in frustration, rubbing his palm over his head, a gesture Jamie was learning meant extreme distress and helplessness. "Fuck. Fuck, you're right." He settled the sheet over his lap, hiding his softening erection. "I wish I could deny it, but I can't. I can't say it didn't mean anything to me, because it did."

"What did?"

Chase hesitated. "Being with Tess."

"Oh." Her voice was small. "I'm sorry, Chase. I wish...I wish this conversation could have waited until after we'd been able to-"

"No, it's probably better this way. I don't know what we're supposed to do, though. You know? I mean, yeah, I was with someone else earlier today. So were you. I don't like the thought of you with another man any more than you like the thought of me with another woman. But it's the facts, and you can't change facts." He took one of her hands in his, rubbing the pad of his thumb across one of her fingernails. "So are we supposed to wait a specific period of time? A day? A week? A month? How long is appropriate? We've already talked about why we were with other people and what it meant to us and all that. I don't see any reason to go back over all that."

"I don't want to wait, either, Chase, but-"

"How long is long enough? What's the right reset period, or whatever? I'm not being flippant. I'm not just trying to gloss over the problem so we can get it on. I'm asking honestly."

The sincerity and confusion and anguish in his eyes had Jamie scooting closer to him. Chase moved so he was leaning back against the bed, partially sitting and partially reclining, then pulled Jamie over to him so she was resting her head on his chest, the sheet covering both of them. Jamie took a few deep breaths, taking in his scent, the feel of his muscles under her cheek, his broad male bulk a comforting presence as much as it was a sensual turn-on. Her hand settled on his diaphragm, between his chest and belly, and he tangled his fingers with hers.

Silence stretched out as Jamie tried to come up with an answer, but all she could think of in the moment was how perfect and comforting and warm it was being held by Chase. His arm around her shoulders, tucking her close against him, his fingers tangled with hers, the rise and fall of his breathing, the faint thump of his heartbeat....

He felt like home.

"I don't know what the answer is, Chase. But I've just spent so long ignoring the truth about so many things, I can't-I can't do it anymore."

"What truths have you ignored?"

She snorted. "God. Everything. For most of my adult life I've ignored how lonely I was. How miserable and f**king pathetic my life was. I ignored how shitty I felt about myself, how trashy I knew I was."

"You aren't-"

"Don't, Chase." She cut him off sharply, almost snapping. "I was. I f**ked anything with a c*ck from the time I was sixteen, okay? Sure, I had fairly legitimate reasons. But that doesn't change it. And I got good at pretending it didn't bother me, to the point that I almost believed it. But I can't pretend anymore. This doesn't even really have anything to do with you. When I met you in Vegas, Anna had dared me to go celibate for two months. The dare was no physical male contact. No kissing, nothing. I couldn't even go a day. I kissed you. Then I went home and did okay for a while, but then I got drunk and...well, bad things happened that I don't want to go into with you just yet."

"Jamie-"

"Shut up and let me answer the question."

"'Kay."

"I pretended a lot of things. I pretended I wasn't in love with you. I pretended I was okay without you, that this between us wasn't the most powerful thing I'd ever felt. And now...I can't pretend. I just want the truth out there, good or bad."

"So what is the truth for you?"

"I want you. Even still, in the middle of this whole heavy conversation, I can't stop wanting you. I'm partially wishing I could let myself just stop talking and get you hard and take you. Ride you. Suck you off again. Let you do whatever you want to me. But...I can't push away the truth that this thing between us is still impossible."

"It's not impossible. It's just complicated."

Jamie laughed. "It's impossible, baby. It is. We were both broken up with less than twelve hours ago. I have no clothes but the ones on the floor over there. Everything else is back in Ian's condo, including my car. I may be with you, now and in the future, but I still have to deal with Ian. I kind of ran out on him. What if he changes his mind and tries to tell me he wants to get back together, give it another shot? I wouldn't do it whether I was with you or not, because my thing with Ian was nothing but a distraction from how I really felt. I knew that from the beginning, but that was another one of those truths I pretended not to care about."

"I like it when you call me 'baby.'" Chase rubbed her knuckle with a thumb. "I know what you mean, though. My thing with Tess isn't as complicated to untangle, but it's still there. She has a few things at my place back in Detroit, but that's easy enough to take care of. My cousin can send them to Tess. The emotional thing is harder. I know...I know it's hard. I know it's tangled up and f**ked up and complicated. But it's not impossible. We just...we have to be honest and take things one step at a time."

Jamie sighed. "Yeah. But none of this answers the original question. What do we do now? Is it wrong for us to be together like this so soon?"

"Wrong?" Chase shook his head. "Being with you can never be wrong, if you ask me. Not being with you would be wrong. Maybe we just stay like this tonight, just...sleep. Hold each other. Cuddle and shit."

Jamie giggled. "You're funny."

"What?" Chase sounded confused. "How am I funny?"

She shook her head, giggling into his chest again, helplessly lost in laughter. "Just the way you said that." She made her voice gruff and growly, at the bottom of her register, chin tucked against her breastbone. "'Cuddle and shit.' Like it would make you less manly to suggest we cuddle. It was just funny to me for some reason."

"Guys aren't supposed to want to cuddle. It's not a manly word."

Jamie laughed even harder at that. "Call it something else if you want, but you like this. Holding me. Not hav**g s*x or foreplay or anything. Just...being together."

Chase turned his face to her hair, breathed deeply, clutching her against him. "Yes, Jay. I like it. I love it. Call it cuddling if you want. I'm secure in my manhood. Just don't tell the guys I wanted to cuddle. Especially before sex."

Jamie huffed, not laughing anymore. She turned her face up to meet his gaze. "I won't tell anyone. Your secret is safe with me."

His eyes bored into hers, and she felt warmth running from her cheeks down to her chest, filling her stomach with tingling anticipation. Their fingers were still twined together on Chase's torso, his arm around her shoulders, but suddenly Jamie was much more aware of his body, of his desire, of her own need. She felt mercurial, being a raging tempest of desire one moment, then an emotional mess the next, and then back to wanting his body again, all within a matter of twenty minutes.

"I'm sorry I'm so back and forth on you," she said.

Chase smiled at her, the kind of smirk that said he thought she was being ridiculous. "We're both back and forth. That conversation wasn't just you. I was thinking the same thing. You were just more willing to say it out loud than I was."

"I still don't know exactly what we should do."

"Should do, or want to do?" Chase asked. "They're very different things in this case, I think."

"And that's where my confusion comes from." Jamie untangled her fingers from his and let her hand roam over his chest, her eyes fixed on his chiseled, beautiful face.

Chase put his finger to her chin and tipped her mouth to his for a soft, chaste kiss. "My desire for you isn't going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. We don't have to do anything right now. We can just cuddle." He grinned as he said it, tangling his fingers in her hair, cupping the side of her face.

Jamie twisted in his arms slightly so she was pressed against him. "Maybe we could just kiss a little bit. Make out like we're teenagers."

Chase smiled at her again, an indulgent, knowing smile. "Yeah. That sounds good. Just kiss."

He pulled her face closer to his, their lips brushing but not meeting. Jamie moved to close in for the kiss, but he darted back out of reach, then brushed her lips with his again, his hand in her hair, eyes open and searching her face. She tried to kiss him a second time, and he evaded it again, this time touching her upper lip with his mouth, then her cheek. Jamie caught on to the game, grazing his lips with hers, waiting, waiting, and then when he moved to kiss her chin, she intercepted him, crushing her mouth to his and claiming it, curling her hand around his head and holding him in place, stealing the kiss.

Chase sighed through his nose, softening into the kiss. Jamie smirked and pulled away, turning his game back on him. She touched her lips to the corner of his mouth, dipped her tongue against his lips, then darted away to hover near his mouth once more. He laughed and slid the arm that had been wrapped around her shoulders lower down, curling around her waist. Jamie unconsciously arched into his hold, turning more fully onto her stomach atop him, her weight more than half on his chest, the sheet tangled between them, a thin barrier between their skin.

Jamie shifted, pushing the sheet away so they were skin to skin, her left arm underneath her to support her weight. The fingers of her right hand skated over his bald scalp, down to cup his cheek as she moved in for a kiss, no games now in this one, only full passion, unrestrained. She slid her leg over his, toes digging into the mattress between his feet, shoving herself forward so she was directly above him, h*ps to hips, face to face.

The kiss opened up, heat breathing between them, igniting each of their desires. Jamie felt Chase's need in his kiss, felt it in the way his mouth moved hungrily on hers, in the way his tongue speared into her mouth to taste her tongue, trace her lips and her teeth. Jamie's heart began to thunder in her chest once more, the same lightning excitement at his touch thrilling through her body. His hand on her waist thrilled her, excited her. The prospect of his palm drifting down to clutch her ass excited her. His c*ck hardening between their bodies excited her. She needed this. She wanted it. She couldn't go another minute without it.

The issues remained, but when he kissed her like this, so raw, so full of vulnerable hunger...nothing else mattered. She could give in to this now, or later. The hunger wouldn't change. It would only increase. She'd been starved for this her whole life.

Jamie felt the truth in that thought and accepted it. She had been waiting for Chase all her life. She might not have known it, but the way he kissed her, held her, spoke to her...he was the thing that had always been missing, the element she had been searching for in all those other men, those other boys. Those guys. Chase was a man. He wasn't just a guy. Jamie wasn't sure what defined the difference, but she knew it was there, saw it and felt it. Chase was so much more than those other guys in her past had ever been.

He saw her, saw into her heart and her soul and her mind and knew her, completely. He might not have known the details of her life, but he knew her.

All this, in the space of a kiss.

Jamie pulled away and saw the fire in Chase's eyes, felt it in the way his hands curled on her stomach. He was waiting for her to tell him what she wanted. She couldn't speak, finding her words buried under a wave of need, a wildfire of hunger. She could only kiss him again, dipping down to touch her lips to his with aching, deliberate gentility, putting all of her heart into the contact of mouths. She felt her hair fall down around their faces, red curls framing their faces, curtaining them off from everything else.

She felt Chase's hands rest on her waist, both of them now, holding her sides, fingers splayed to touch her ribs. He hesitantly, almost gingerly, smoothed his palms down to hold her ass, cupping and caressing. She arched her back, gasping into the kiss, loving that single intimate gesture with all of her soul and body in that moment. Chase captured her gasped breath with his mouth, touching her tongue with his, inviting her passion to higher peaks.

Jamie responded by shifting her weight to fully straddle him, her thighs on either side of his waist, forearms on the pillow next to his face. She felt the broad soft tip of his c*ck touch her inner thigh, and was filled in that single instant of touch with an inferno of want, flooding her belly with clenches of desire, her slit with slicking juices. She was wet immediately, and she let her thighs split farther apart, spreading her nether lips wider. Without breaking the kiss, Jamie slid down his body until the crown of his c*ck was nudging her entrance. Chase groaned and swiveled his h*ps into hers, mouth stretching open, breaking the kiss. He let out a long, deep, rumbling moan when she rolled her h*ps up to work his tip inside her.

He didn't move to thrust in, though. She felt him stretch out his arm, grab the box from beside them, shred it open, and fumble a string of condoms out, rip one free. Jamie moaned into his mouth, then kissed his jaw, his chin, his shoulder, his throat. She couldn't help herself. She writhed her hips, wanting so desperately to drive him deeper into her, but knowing she had to wait.

He moved his h*ps down and rolled the latex over himself. Jamie rose up on her elbows, moving so he was poised at her slit once more.

She met his dark, hooded gaze. "Please? Now?" Her plea was breathy and desperate, and she didn't care.

"Yes, god, yes, now." He took her by the hips, hands holding her tight and pushing her down.

Jamie buried her face in the hollow of his neck, exhaled, and impaled him inside her. "Oh...my...god." Jamie heard the words escape from her as a sob of raw ecstasy.

She couldn't take him in all the way. Not yet. She wanted to savor every second, every inch. She only slid him in to the groove beneath his crown, then stopped, panting. He stretched her, filled her. She bit his neck, arms wrapped beneath his head in an embrace, knees drawn up to spread herself wide.

"God...goddamn, Jay. You feel so-so perfect. So incredible." Chase's voice was just as ragged as she felt, shredded by the potency of fulfillment after so long a denial.

At the sound of the nickname, Jamie clung to him even more tightly, then drew in a deep breath. She paused, breath held at the apex, torso stretched taut, h*ps drawn up...then exhaled once more and sank down onto him, slowly sliding his huge, incredible, soft yet iron-hard c*ck into her all the way, stretching her body down his until he was buried in her softness to the root, until they were joined fully.

"Jamie..." Her name emerged from his lips in a shuddering gasp, his head lifting from the pillow in a gesture of helpless intensity.

Then he thrust, once, slowly, and Jamie came. Without warning, without a breath to prepare, just a sudden tidal wave of clenching, ripping, juddering orgasm. Jamie sobbed into his shoulder and rode it out, rolling her h*ps on him.

"Yes, Jay, yes. Come for me." Chase whispered the words into her ear, breathed them so softly she might have imagined them.

But Jamie heard his words, and now she couldn't help but come even harder, lifting and lowering herself onto him in rhythmless abandon, sucking in deep, sobbing breaths and letting them out as high cries of climactic delight.

Chase fluttered his hips, rolling in and out in small thrusts, grunting as her inner muscles clamped down on his cock. Jamie felt herself clenching, every muscle contracting, especially her inner walls squeezing him mercilessly.

When Jamie went limp as the waves subsided, Chase rolled them over so he was on top. Jamie splayed her hands on his back, rubbed them up his neck to cup the back of his head, pulling his mouth down to her breast. He suckled her nipple and thrust into her, slowly and sinuously, one hand supporting his weight, the other fondling her breast.

"God, Chase. More." She arched her spine, shoving her br**sts into his touch, lifting her h*ps to meet his in a steady rhythm. Jamie clawed her fingernails down his back lightly, then clutched his ass and pulled him against her. "I need more, Chase. More. Harder."

Chase lifted his mouth from her nipple and smiled at her, then deliberately slowed his thrust until he was sliding oh so slowly. He pulled nearly all the way out, so only the very tip of his c*ck remained inside her. He paused then, meeting her eyes, making her wait. She wanted him to crash into her, hard and fast; she also wanted him to go as slow as he could, to draw out this union as long as he could. She decided she didn't care how he made love to her, as long as she had him there with her.

"You want it harder?" Chase asked.

"Mmm-hmmm." Jamie caressed his ass gently, stroking his flanks and the hard muscle of cheeks. "I like it hard. But...slow and soft is good, too. Just make love to me. Please...please."

Chase dipped down to kiss her, still holding himself barely inside her. He pulled away from the kiss to meet her eyes. Jamie searched his face, memorizing his features, absorbing greedily the look of wonder and tenderness and love. Then she felt him move into her. He glided in with deliberate slowness, barely moving at all, and Jamie felt his entire body shivering with the effort to move so slowly. Jamie's mouth stretched wide in a silent scream as he filled her, and her fingers dug into the flesh of his ass in urgent claws, pulling at him with fierce power.

"Chase..." His name was a plea, a whispered epithet.

He repeated the action, pulling out almost all the way, pausing at her entrance, then sliding in as slowly as he could. Jamie scrabbled at his back with her hands, digging at the bed with her heels. Chase drew a hand back and curled his elbow around the crook of her knee, planting his hand near her hip so her leg was drawn up. Then he did the same with the other hand, and now Jamie was stretched open and her h*ps lifted up and her body bare for his pleasure.

"God!" she shrieked. "Yes!"

Jamie reached up behind her head to grasp the headboard, lifting up to meet his first stroke. He delivered the initial thrust slowly, as he had all the rest, worshipful and prolonged. Jamie waited, quivering, as he drew himself out, and then when he began to glide back in slowly, she lifted herself off the bed to meet him, hard.

Chase slumped over her, forehead touching her belly, breath huffing on her navel, his entire body trembling with restrained need.

"I need it, Chase," Jamie whimpered. "I need you. I need you. Please. Don't hold back anymore. Give me all of you. Hard."

Chase growled at her words, a primal sound of capitulation. He drew out, shudderingly slow, and then, with an infinitesimal pause, he slammed himself home with nearly savage force. Jamie loosed a scream of rapturous bliss, dragging her nails down his back so hard she knew she'd drawn blood. Chase growled, thrusting again, hard and slow, pulling out and crashing in against her in a rhythm now, and she could only return her hands to cling to the headboard and cry out in euphoric delight as he slammed into her, harder and harder now, faster and faster, feeling her body shaking and trembling with the coiled tension of impending orgasm.

Jamie met him thrust for thrust, using the headboard for leverage to get herself off the bed, crushing her folds against him desperately, wanting more even as he gave her more. She was unable to control the sounds emerging from her throat, tiny mewls, shrieks, screams, ragged sobs. Chase grunted and growled with each thrust, moaning with every furious pump of his hips.

Chase released Jamie's legs, and she wrapped them around his waist, clung to his neck with her arms, and pressed her lips to his ear.

"I love this, Chase," she whispered. "I love you. Yes...oh, god, yes."

They were moving together frantically, desperately.

"Jamie. Oh, Jay. I need you... Don't stop," Chase said, his voice guttural and thick.

"Come with me, Chase," Jamie said, feeling the waves begin to roll over her body. "Oh, god, I'm gonna come right now, so hard, so hard."

Chase lost the rhythm, grinding into her with stuttering, shattering force, groaning every time his body slammed into hers. "Say it again, baby."

Jamie knew exactly what he wanted her to say. "Come with me." She clung to him, her hands on the nape of his neck and the back of his head, holding his face against her throat. "Come with me, Chase. Now. Oh. Oh...oh, god, oh, fuck!"

Jamie felt lightning strike inside her, a detonation so intense she couldn't stand it, couldn't take it. She felt herself coming apart at the seams, shattering, splitting apart, full past bursting with all of Chase, with the infinite potency of his love, of his body inside her, of his arms around her, and all she could do was sob and cling and come, and come again and again while Chase undulated into her, making an incoherent sound in his throat that was part sob, part feral growl, and all man. He pushed and pushed and pushed, his mouth quivering between her br**sts as he thrust frantically, arrhythmically. Jamie felt wave after wave of cli**x wash over her, each one more earth-shattering than the last, until she knew she was experiencing something far beyond mere physical orgasm.

Then she felt Chase unleash, felt his body tense and clench, then felt him judder and thrust hard, twice, and go still, lying on top of her, his lips pressing delirious kisses to her throat, chest, shoulders, cheek, and then her lips.

Jamie kissed him back, devouring his mouth, his breath, taking his love into her through the contact. Tears slipped out, trickled down her cheek and onto the pillow. She wasn't sure why she was crying, except perhaps for the sheer overwhelming amount of emotion running through her, from the intensity of her cli**x.

"Jay? Are you crying?" Chase carefully pulled out and rolled over with her, effortlessly shifting her to cradle her in his arms.

She nodded. "It's not sad tears, though. Promise." She breathed deeply, shuddering involuntarily as an aftershock rippled through her. "I'm just...overwhelmed. In a good way."

"That was crazy intense, wasn't it?" Chase said.

Jamie moaned in satisfaction, wriggling against him. "'Intense' is an understatement. Like saying the ocean is a little wet." She felt him softening against her leg. "You'd better take care of that and come back to me. I need cuddles. And shit."

Chase laughed. "Mock if you will. Real men cuddle."

Jamie agreed, but was too entirely sated to say anything and too fully enjoying the sight Chase's tight nak*d ass as he went to the bathroom to clean up. She also enjoyed the view as he returned, and enjoyed even more the feel of his arms curling around her as he drew her into a tangled embrace. She nestled into him, hearing his heart beat beneath her ear, his fingers toying idly with a curl, his breathing slow and steady, his body hard and strong but soft in all the right ways. Jamie closed her eyes and sighed deeply.

She was drowning in a sea of contentment, and nothing had ever been sweeter.

"Okay, baby?" Chase murmured.

"Never, ever been better."

"Good. Me, neither."

Jamie felt herself drowsing. She wanted to stay awake, to savor the moment, the feeling of being held and loved, but sleep was stealing over her, an unstoppable force. She shook herself awake and turned her face up to look at Chase.

He rumbled in laughter. "Relax, Jay. Just...relax. We're together now. Let me hold you."

Jamie felt like a child fighting sleep. She sighed again and let sleep sweep her away.

3

Chase was dreaming. It was a good dream, a pleasant dream. It was more than that-it was a fantasy, a wet dream. It wasn't real, he didn't think, because that would be simply too much to bear, too much wonder to contain. She was the dream, the one woman of whom he'd dreamed so often lately. The dream had been a long one, hours of ecstasy, it felt like. He'd dreamed of running into her after a show, and discovering she loved him after all, wanted to be with him despite the impossibility of such a thing. They'd gone to his show, and then to a hotel, and they'd made love. In that dream, she had taken Chase to a place he'd never thought possible, beyond sex, beyond cli**x, beyond anything that had ever been. He hadn't just come harder than ever before in his life; he'd felt her soul merge with his.

They'd fallen asleep together, in the dream.

And now, dreaming, he felt her lips on his body. Pressing fiery kisses down his chest, across his nipple, light lip-touches on his ribs, his side, his hip. Oh, god, what a dream. She was kissing his thigh, and her hands were carving hot lines of sensual contact over his arms and inner thighs and now...oh, shit, now she was touching him. Holding his aroused flesh in her fists. Stroking him slowly. Running her tongue up the side of his cock, licking his length as if he was a popsicle, taking him in her mouth and sucking hard.

"Oh, god," he heard himself say. In the dream.

It was all a dream. He would wake up alone in the hotel room, hard and aching and ready to burst with no way to release except his own hand.

She fisted him, then feathered her fingers over his shaft in achingly soft caresses, sucked his tip hard, and then moved her lips gently on his crown, so soft, so wet, so delicate and loving and...

"Jamie. Oh, god, Jamie, that feels so good." He heard the words, and the sound of his voice, in the dream, was ragged, thick and stuttering.

It felt so real, though. So real. Too real. But it wasn't, was it?

He didn't want to wake up.

"I love the way you taste," she said, then took him in her mouth again, deep now.

"It feels so good," Chase heard himself say. "Don't stop. Please don't stop until the dream's over."

He felt her pause. "Do you think you're dreaming, baby?"

Baby. The endearment tore at his heart, made it swell and fill.

"I'm dreaming. It's a dream. You're a dream. I don't want to wake up and still be alone." He shouldn't tell her that, even in a dream.

It sounded almost like she sobbed, then choked it off. "God, Chase. I'm so sorry you woke up alone so often." She caressed his c*ck with both hands, fist over fist, fingers trailing up his length, cupping the sensitive swollen flesh of his balls in tender hands, kissing him, deep-throating him, licking him, swirling her tongue around his tip. "What if this isn't a dream? What if you opened your eyes and it was real?"

Chase squeezed his eyes closed tighter, in the dream. "It's a dream. If it was real, I would die from happiness. I love you so much, and I don't want to wake up and not be with you." He knew he shouldn't tell her this. Not even in a dream.

She sobbed again, a sound of joy, he thought. Her voice sounded so real. Her hands on him, her mouth on him, her breath on his skin, it all felt so real. He felt a leg slide across his hip, then her weight settle on him. He felt her moist, hot entrance touching the tip of his cock, and he gasped in need. He wanted to touch her, take her h*ps in his hands and hold her, slide into her, feel her heavy br**sts in his hands. He didn't dare.

He worried if he touched her the dream would pop like a soap bubble.

He felt her lips caress his chest, her hands rest on his pectoral muscles, and then she kissed his throat, and Chase couldn't help arching his back and tipping his head back to let her kiss him there again. He heard himself groan, a long sound of pleasure when her lips touched his adam's apple, and then his jaw, and then the corner of his mouth, and her breath was so hot on his lips, her mouth so wet and her tongue so demanding on his.

"Wake up, Chase." Her voice was a breathy whisper in his ear, and then she kissed him again, slow tongue in his mouth driving him wild with desire and heat and wetness and softness. "It's not a dream. I'm here. I'm real. I need you. Wake up and make love to me. Touch me."

Chase heard his voice raise in a moan of need, a raw, low, vulnerable sound of desperation. He wanted to believe the words of the dream-vision. He felt his hands unfisting from the sheet, which he'd been clutching with desperate strength, and drift up to touch the dream-her. She felt real, too. Soft as silk, skin like velvet, like heat and love and softness and sex made flesh. Her thighs under his hands were thick and strong, yet still as soft as down. He was touching her, and the dream continued. He dared to touch more. Her hips, wide and round and intoxicating, curves like deepest fantasy in his hands, under his needy fingers. Her sides, her belly, her padded ribs, her spine and her long, sensual back. He breathed deep, almost panting with the fullness of his love for her, the drunken ecstasy of merely touching her. She was sitting on him, palms resting low on his belly, near his diaphragm, her thighs split wide across his hips, poised above his rigid, throbbing cock. Poised and waiting.

He wasn't ready to be inside her yet, even in this dream so like wonderful reality, like fantasy made truth, this dream he'd dreamed so many times and always woken to the emptiness of a dark hotel room. He slid his dream-palms up her ribs to cup her br**sts, and yes, they were every bit as large and heavy and silky-soft as he'd always imagined.

Her voice came, like music. "Open your eyes, love."

"No, no. Not yet. I don't want to wake up yet." He ran his thumb across her nipple and felt it bead into a hard, stiff nub. "I want to make love to you before I wake. I need you, even if you're a dream."

She writhed on top of him, rubbing her wet slit over his tip, and he could've come just from that. "I'm not a dream. This is real, Chase. It's real. I'm real." She leaned down and kissed him, full and furious and passionate and hungry. "Remember? We're in Chicago. I watched your show. We made love. And now I want you again. Wake up."

Chase moaned, running his palms between her br**sts, up her collarbone and up farther, cupping her face, her neck. He buried his fingers in her curls.

So real. Too real.

He felt her palms on his chest, her h*ps writhing in undulating, sinuous circles, working the tip of his c*ck inside her soft folds, just the first inch slipping in and out. He smelled her: faint shampoo, perfume, sex.

The scent of sex was what woke him. He'd never smelled anything in a dream.

He cracked one eye open, hesitantly, then the other. Her weight above him didn't vanish with the return of sight. Her sweet beauty greeted him like dawn after a long night. Red sleep-tangled curls tickled his face and his shoulders as she leaned over him, smiling down at him.

"There you are, baby." She crushed her lips to his, then lifted up to gaze down at him. "You wouldn't wake up."

He had his hands fisted gently in her curls, so he tugged her down for another kiss, devoured her mouth greedily. "I didn't want to. I thought it had all been a dream."

"But it wasn't," Jamie said. "It was real. I had the same thought when I first woke up, so I had to touch you, make sure you were real. Once I started, I couldn't stop. I want you so bad it hurts."

"Thank god it wasn't a dream. I would've died, I think."

She lifted her hips, wide green eyes locked on his. "Me, too."

"But it's real. Right?"

"Right." She hovered there, just the tip of him inside her p**sy. "But I think you'd better tell me you love me again. Just in case."

He released her hair, trailing his fingertips down her breastbone, over each nipple, down to the soft field of her belly, then slipped a single finger into her, brushing her clit. She gasped, arching her back as she writhed on top of him, driving him deeper.

"I love you, Jamie. I love you." He whispered the words, his voice low and fierce.

Jamie shivered, trembled, and then gasped his name as she sank down onto him, impaling him to the hilt, their h*ps colliding. Chase groaned in ecstatic relief as he felt himself filling her, and Jamie's voice rose to match his, and then they both began to move in perfect sync, moaning together, lips touching but not kissing, simply stretched wide in silent screams, breath shuddering in and groaning out.

Their motion together was slow, glacial, coursing in like a tide, drifting out like an exhalation. Jamie's palms pressed onto his chest, her br**sts swaying in the rhythm of her body's thrusting, her h*ps rolling, drawing him deeper. She took control of their pace, and Chase let her. She leaned forward, lifting up, hesitating at the apex, then sinking down, repeating this motion, drawing out every impalement, crying out as he dove deeper with every thrust.

Chase cupped one of her swaying br**sts in his hand, scratching his fingers along her spine and clutching her ass as she undulated on top of him. He whispered her name as he moved, over and over: "Jamie...Jamie...Jamie..."

He felt himself rising, felt his cli**x nearing. He held it back, clenching every muscle, gritting his teeth as Jamie moved, gliding him in and out, her wet heat slicking his throbbing cock. She was so wet, so tight, and Chase struggled with every breath now to hold back.

"God, Jay. I'm so close. I can't hold it back much longer." Chase grabbed her h*ps to slow her motion, but Jamie resisted his hold and moved harder, faster. "Jamie...come with me."

"Don't hold back," Jamie whispered, and collapsed forward to lie chest to chest with Chase, burying her lips against his, moving only her h*ps now.

Chase felt his throat burn as he growled, h*ps juddering up against hers. He couldn't hold back. She was milking him, working her h*ps on his in a relentless rhythm, and all he could do was let go.

"Jamie..." He gasped her name as he felt himself about to release. "Now, Jamie. I can't stop...Please don't stop."

He grabbed her hip with one hand and drove her down onto him, arching upward as he cli**xed, scratching the fingers of his other hand down her spine. He felt her inner walls clamp down around him, and she screamed, coming with him. He felt liquid heat burst out of him, filling her, and then she crushed herself down hard onto him, riding a wave of cli**x, and he shot again, thrusting hard enough to lift his entire lower half off the bed.

Jamie collapsed, limp, onto him, shuddering and quaking with wave after wave of orgasm, and Chase couldn't stop, couldn't slow his manic plunging into her. She gasped breathlessly into his ear, making desperate sounds as Chase finally slowed.

They lay silent together, panting, shuddering. At long last, Jamie rolled off him, carefully drawing his softening member out of her.

"I have to pee so bad," she said, slipping off the bed.

Chase watched her nak*d body as she walked, feeling desire roll through him, even as he was still trembling with the aftershocks of cli**x. She was so beautiful. He felt his breath catch as she came back to him, br**sts swaying slightly in a pendulum rhythm, h*ps gyrating from side to side as she walked. Chase rolled to a sitting position and shifted his legs off the bed. Jamie stopped just out of reach, copper curls wild around her shoulders, pale skin like flawless ivory, eyes like luminous chips of jade.

"God, Jay. You're so lovely, you take my breath away. Literally. I had to remind myself to breathe just now, watching you, nak*d and sexy and just-fucked."

Jamie's face twisted with emotion, clearly overwhelmed by his words. "You're too sweet, Chase."

"It's nothing but the truth, sweetness."

Jamie moved closer, one step at a time, until she was standing between Chase's knees. He reached up to hold her hips, and she rested her hands on his shoulders. "You like when I look just-fucked, do you?"

Chase laughed. "Yes, I do. I fully intend to keep you looking just-fucked as long as I can. I might feed you once or twice. I might even take you out to dinner, if you please me."

Jamie's eyes narrowed dangerously. "Oh, if I please you, hmm? And how do I go about pleasing you, master?"

Chase grumbled low in his throat, a ruminating sound. "Hmmm. You've done well so far. But I'm still feeling a bit...peckish."

Jamie huffed a confused laugh. "Peckish? What the f**k does that mean?"

"I means I'm hungry. I need to eat."

"Oh, I see." Jamie's expression told him she wasn't following yet.

He pressed his palms together, flattening his hands, and slipped them between her thighs, pushing them apart. "Yes. And at the moment there's only one thing I want."

Jamie let him part her thighs, thrusting her chest out as he pressed his lips to her belly, then trailed kisses lower and lower. "And...oh, god...and what would that be?"

Chase lay back on the bed, leaving his feet planted on the floor, and pulled her toward his face, causing her to climb up onto the bed on her hands and knees. He cupped his hands between her thighs to cup her ass from beneath, pulling her forward, then guided her torso upright so she was kneeling above his mouth, core directly over his lips.

"What would that be?" Chase murmured. "Can't you guess?"

"No." Jamie shifted, seeking balance. "This is dangerous, Chase. I've got no way to balance myself like this."

"I'll hold you." He extended a hand up and Jamie took it in both of her hands, clutching tight and sucking in a sharp breath as he flicked his tongue over her slit. "This is what I want. Your p**sy."

"Chase...we just..." Jamie trailed off, mewling in her throat as he laved his tongue inside her.

"Don't care," Chase said. "Besides, I'm only going to kiss you here."

He suited action to words, pressing his stiffened tongue to her clit. Jamie whimpered and rocked forward, and Chase straightened his arm, holding her upright. Her legs buckled, and she forced herself back upright, then had to lean into Chase's arm as he began to circle her cl*t with his tongue, setting a fast, relentless pace. Chase's arm trembled as she leaned all her weight against him, lifting up and rocking her core back and forth into his tongue.

His index and middle fingers dipped into her folds and sought out her G-spot, and Jamie threw her head back and shrieked as he found it, massaging gently in rhythm with his mouth. Then, without warning, Chase's middle finger extended outward, tracing the line away from her p**sy, backward.

"Oh, god, Chase...no..."

"Please? Trust me?" Chase broke away from her juice-wet slit long enough to murmur the words.

He tasted himself in her faintly, but she'd cleaned herself before coming back to bed, so it wasn't too strong. He didn't care, anyway. He had a mission now. He wanted to feel her come apart above him. He was going to make her next orgasm shatter her.

He pressed the tip of his ring finger to the hard knot of muscle but didn't push in. He continued to circle her cl*t with his tongue, occasionally flicking the taut bead, drawing a sharp intake of breath from her. She didn't demur when he moved his ring finger in small circles, ever so gently depressing into her tight channel. She growled as he worked his finger into her, carefully and slowly. He continued his assault on her clit, working his other two fingers against her ridged inner flesh, holding her upright with a burning arm.

She slid her legs apart and rolled her hips, still growling low in her throat at the invasion of his ring finger. He was nearly in to the first knuckle, and that was far enough. He began to move the finger in and out in tiny gyrations, working to keep the rhythm of all three fingers in tandem.

Jamie straightened her body, lifting up and giving Chase's trembling arm a respite. He felt the first quivers of cli**x begin, tremors in her belly against his forehead. She was chanting now, "oh, oh, oh, oh," and he felt her muscles clench. She went limp again, falling forward against his supporting arm, letting go with her hands and placing his palm against her breastbone, supporting her weight there.

She was rolling her h*ps against him helplessly, working his finger deeper into her tight, forbidden entrance. Jamie curled over his hand, and he had to use every ounce of strength to hold her upright. She was close now, so close.

He sucked her cl*t into his mouth past his teeth and pressed his fingers against her G-spot, digging his third finger deeper; Jamie came with a keening cry, and Chase milked her cli**x until she began shuddering.

"No more, no more, let me down, please..." she sobbed, gyrating her h*ps helplessly, her entire body shaking as she continued to cli**x.

Chase gently withdrew his finger and slid out from beneath her. She collapsed onto her hands and knees, gasping, heaving. Chase knelt behind her, stroking her back with both hands, rubbing in gentle circles, then down to her buttocks, cupping and kneading. Jamie moaned.

"Oh, my god, Chase. Fucking hell." She twisted to look at him over her shoulder. "Give me a minute. I'm not sure I can take another one just yet."

Chase laughed. "Oh, yes, you can." He moved closer into her so his erection was nestled upright between the globes of her ass. "And you will. Right...now."

He bowed his spine outward, grabbed his shaft, and guided it to her entrance. Jamie sucked in a breath and shifted her hips, lowering her spine and lifting her ass to meet him. He nudged her labia with the tip of his cock, rocking his h*ps to nudge in, one hand on her hipbone. Jamie moaned, buried her face against the backs of her hands on the rumpled comforter, arching for him to split herself wider, granting him access.

He slid in deeper, slowly, slowly, gliding silkily into her folds, groaning in his chest as he penetrated her. When he was impaled to the hilt, he paused. "God, oh, god, Jamie. You feel so f**king good."

Jamie could only moan in response, rolling her h*ps in an invitation for him to thrust.

"Oh, god." Then a realization washed over him. "Shit, Jamie!"

She heard the change in the tone of his voice, twisted her head to look at him over her shoulder. "What? What's wrong?"

"We haven't been using protection this morning."

Jamie huffed, something like a sigh or a laugh, Chase wasn't sure which. "It's fine, baby. I'm on birth control, and I was just tested last month."

Chase hesitated still. "You're sure?"

Jamie lifted up on her hands and pushed back into him, ducking her head between her arms, doing a half-push-up, then pulled forward and crushed backed into him. "God, yes. I'm sure. I'm sure..."

Chase let her reassurance push away all the worries and lingering doubts, the feel of her firm, soft ass meeting his thighs and her tight p**sy clenching around him driving him wild. He shifted his knees farther apart, leaned over her back to plant kisses on her spine, then her lower back, then her ass.

"God, Chase...I need you deep." Jamie was panting, rolling her h*ps into him, waiting for him, encouraging him.

Chase took her h*ps in his hands and pulled her back as he thrust forward, a first slow, gentle surge. Jamie cried out softly, bowing her spine down to raise her hips, sinking back on her haunches to meet him. Chase pulled back slowly until he was nearly falling out, then, unable to hold back any longer, drove himself home, slow but hard. Jamie cried out again, and then Chase's control was lost.

"Jamie...I can't hold back. I can't go slow." He drew back and then slammed himself in, the slap of flesh against flesh cutting through their mutual panting.

"Don't-don't be gentle," Jamie gasped, rocking back and forth to meet his ever more urgent thrusts. "Fuck me hard...yes! Fuck me hard, just like that!"

Her words made Chase even crazier, fingers digging into her h*ps so hard she sucked in a breath. He forced himself to let go before he bruised her pale flesh. Harder and harder now, no semblance of control or sweetness or gentility. His back was straight, his hands scrabbling at her thighs and hips, resting on her back as he slammed into her again and again, her cries of pleasure, her breathless gasps of "yes yes yes, f**k yes..." sending him even further over the edge. She was meeting him stroke for stroke, her hands planted forward, her knees wide, her h*ps high, moving back into his nearly savage thrusts and encouraging him to give her more, more, more.

He was close then, and she felt it in his loss of rhythm. She snatched a pillow and shoved it under her stomach, bending down so her br**sts and face were on the bed and her ass lifted as high as she could get it, welcoming the loud slap of his thighs into her ass. His balls were striking her folds with every stroke, his c*ck slamming deep, his body convulsing as he prepared to come.

"Fuck, Jamie, I'm gonna come so hard.."

Jamie's voice rent the air with a feral snarl. "Come for me, Chase. Fuck me hard!"

Chase felt her clenching around his shaft and knew she was close, too. He fumbled at the crease of her ass with his hand, finding the rosebud knot of muscle with the same ring finger as earlier, discovering it to be more pliant than the first time. He spat on his fingers and smeared it on her entrance, sliding his finger in.

"Oh, my f**king god, Chase!" Jamie could barely speak through the moans emitting from her throat, and she nearly collapsed as he worked his finger in to the second knuckle, then pulled it back.

He felt her quivering, choking on her breath and her screams. He was holding back, slowing himself down to long hard thrusts as he carefully inserted his middle finger. Jamie screamed out loud then, writhing against him and biting the bedspread.

"What are you doing to me? Ohmyf**kinggod that's good!" Jamie spread her thighs as wide as they would go, leaning back into his hand so her ass was stretched wide for him.

Chase let himself begin thrusting harder again, moving his fingers back and forth, not really in and out but merely insinuating the idea of motion. Jamie instinctively and unconsciously began to feather her h*ps into the movement of his fingers, timed with his thrusts.

"It...doesn't hurt...does it?" Chase asked between panted breaths.

"NO! No...it's f**king incredible." Jamie was lost in primal lust then, growling and groaning, shoving back against him, driving his fingers deeper.

Chase let his two fingers begin to actually move, and then, when he felt the muscles of her p**sy begin to clench and clamp around his cock, her groans turning to full-voice screams. He had no idea how he'd lasted this long, since he was already dripping pre-come when he first thrust into her. They were moving in perfect sync then, his fingers deep inside her now, moving in with every slap of flesh meeting flesh.

"I'm coming, Jamie...come with me, love, now."

"Holy fuck, Chase! Fuck me harder...I'm so close..."

Chase gave it to her, pulling back and driving in so hard his pubic bone was bouncing off the flesh of her ass, harder than he'd ever f**ked in his life. He gripped her hipbone with his free hand and jerked her back into him, even though she was already willingly ramming herself into him with every stroke.

And then they came, their voices shouting in unison, her voice shrieking, piercing, his a lion-like roar of ecstatic fury.

He unleashed his seed into her in a thick, hard rush, feeling it shoot deep, and then he was totally lost in her, frantically and arrhythmically driving into her, milking his orgasm along with hers. Jamie's inner muscles clamped down around his c*ck and his fingers so hard when she came that his thrusts were slowed by the coiled tension of her flesh, and he let himself go slack, moving languidly as his last throbbing spurts of come leaked into her.

He collapsed forward onto her ass, sweat sticking between them, slick and salty and stinging his eyes and mouth, his sweat mingling with hers. Chase extricated himself from her tight openings and rolled to the side with her, spooning her.

Jamie twisted her neck to kiss his lips, her mouth quivering with the intensity of her still-shuddering aftershocks. "Chase...Chase, baby. That was f**king intense..."

Chase laughed. "No, that was intense f**king." He kissed her throat behind her ear, lifted her hair with his clean hand and kissed her nape beneath her hairline, then her shoulders. "You think that was intense? Just wait till I f**k you in the ass, baby. You'll come so hard you'll think you're being ripped in half."

Jamie shivered against him. She twisted in his arms and put her lips against his ear. "You want to f**k me in the ass?" She clutched his ass and jerked him against her body. "You want me to let you do that? I just might let you, if it's anything like that last orgasm. I think I want it. I want your big hard c*ck in my tight little a**hole. I want to feel you come deep in my ass."

Chase's eyes closed at the sound of her whispery breath in his ear, at her dirty words. "Good. 'Cause I'm going to." He reached up between them and tweaked her nipple, drawing a sharp gasp from her.

"But..." She traced her finger up his spine, then back down, lower, lower, until she was teasing the crease of his ass. "But you'll have to let me do something back to you."

Chase felt his ass clench tight in response. "Oh? What's that?" He went for nonchalant, but didn't quite make it.

Jamie laughed, a throat, sultry, amused sound that had his c*ck twitching with renewed desire. "Mmmm...not telling. It'll be a surprise. You'll like it, though. I promise."

Chase felt nerves shoot through him at her words. "Um. You're not putting anything back there."

"Nothing you haven't put in me. How 'bout that?"

Chase wriggled uncomfortably. "I don't know."

Jamie laughed again. "That's my terms, sweetness. You want to f**k me in the ass? You have to trust me back, then." She tilted away from him to take his flaccid c*ck in her hands. "You have to know I'd never do anything I didn't think you'd like. That's how this works, right? I trust you, you trust me?"

"I trust you, but-"

"There's no 'but' when it comes to trusting someone. I let you put your fingers in my ass. I've never let anyone do that. I was an ass-virgin. I trusted you." Jamie traced his length with her fingers.

"I didn't know that was your first time."

"It doesn't matter. It was awesome." Jamie kissed the round part of his shoulder. "Beyond awesome. Every time I come with you, it's better than the last. If that pattern keeps up, I might actually die from orgasm overload."

Chase rumbled a laugh. "I don't think that's possible."

"Well, if it is, you're determined to find out." Jamie closed her fist around him, feeling him begin to respond, pushing him onto his back and sitting up cross-legged next to him, facing his prone body.

"God, Jamie. You have me ready to go again. You make me feel like a teenager. Horny, insatiable, unstoppable."

"You are insatiable." Jamie began to stroke her fist up and down, achingly slow.

"So are you."

"Then we're a good match."

Chase met her eyes. "The best match. I've...I never knew I could feel this way about someone."

"What way?" Jamie's eyes told him she knew but wanted to hear him say it; he wanted to say it out loud.

"Like I can just let go."

Jamie's face scrunched up in confusion. "What's that mean?"

He rolled one shoulder in a shrug. "Just that I've always held back a little. With everyone I've ever been with, everyone-" The emphasis made it clear who he meant, without having to say more, "-I've held back. Emotionally, physically. I move fast, Jamie. I fall hard, and I fall fast. I mean, we've been dancing around this thing between us and avoiding it for months, but despite that, this is the most time we've actually spent together. But already I know, I know I'm in love with you. And I love that that doesn't scare you off."

Jamie laughed, a disbelieving scoff. "Scare me off? Chase, I don't think you understand how bad I have it for you. If you didn't return how I felt, that's what would scare me off." She continued to move her fist on his shaft as they talked, almost as an afterthought.

Chase just nodded, then said, "But it's also physical. I've always felt like if I just really let go, did everything I wanted...how I wanted, as hard and as intense as I wanted, it would hurt the person I was with, or scare them." His breath was coming in long gasps now as Jamie's fist on his c*ck began to pick up pace.

"Baby, listen. I know we've only spent this last, what, twelve hours together, but I feel like we've been together forever. Like, I know you. I know your soul. I know your heart. I know your body. I want all you have to give. All of it. Don't ever hold back." Jamie glanced down at his turgid cock, smiling hungrily as a pearly drop of pre-come glistened on his tip.

Chase couldn't get any words past his closing throat, past his gasping breath. She was stroking him with both hands, fist over fist. He began to move his h*ps into her hands, throwing his head back. Jamie slowed then, until one hand was nearly at his base, sliding molasses-slow, before she slicked the other over his tip, and she continued this erotically slow manipulation until Chase was thrusting up with his entire spine and nearly begging for her go faster. He didn't, though, because as teasing as her pace was, it felt like pure heaven, drawing his desire into a furious boil.

Jamie adjusted tactics then. She began to pump him with one hand, just as slowly as before, working her fist up his length, rubbing her thumb around the smeared pre-come and then gliding back down. With her other hand Jamie cupped his sack, merely holding at first, then massaging gently. The hand stroking his shaft clamped down around his crown and squeezed, and Chase gasped at the feeling. Still cupping his tightened sack, Jamie extended her middle finger to his taint, still squeezing his tip in a quick pattern of clenches. Chase shifted on the bed, not thrusting up but wriggling and writhing under her touch. She pressed her finger in circles around his taint until he began to moan, then slid her finger back farther, into the tight-clamped juncture of his ass.

"Relax for me, baby," she whispered, and plunged her hand down his length, squeezing his shaft in the tight sphincter of her fist.

Chase forced himself to relax, spreading his thighs apart, trusting her. Jamie loosened her hold on his cock, sliding her hand up and down loosely now, so loose she was barely touching him. Her finger worked its way in, toward his anus. He felt a bolt of fear, quickly squashed. She was touching him there finally, just a fingertip on the knot of muscle, the way he'd initially touched her. Jamie applied a hint of pressure as her fist began to pick up pace on his length, and Chase knew it wouldn't be long before he came. The boiling need to release was reaching an unbearable intensity, and her gently probing finger was only adding to the desperate inferno of pressure within him, hot and hard and ready to explode, despite how many times he'd already come with her that morning.

He felt her finger push harder, and he couldn't help his reaction. He pushed his torso downward, an involuntary motion, his legs falling apart as his heels pulled up higher. A welter of emotions tumbled through him, a slight twinge of embarrassment at his position, knees drawn up and back arched, with Jamie's finger beginning to probe deeper as his cli**x rose. The embarrassment grew as he began to roll his hips, feeling the tip of her finger now inside him, an alien, foreign pressure sending spasms through his entire body.

"Don't fight it, Chase," Jamie murmured. "Give in to it."

Chase forced himself to relax again, and his knees fell apart and his body began to move as her finger dipped in and pulled back, the same kind of faux-motion he'd used on her. And god...it did feel good. Strange and intensely powerful, pressure building inside him like a steam boiler gone wrong, about to detonate.

Jamie was stroking him at a middling pace, a steady rhythm. She leaned over as her hand reached his crown, forming a cup with the top of her fist, and spat into it, slicking her saliva over his shaft with a slow downward stroke. Chase gasped raggedly, then groaned in rapturous need when she began to work him more quickly, harder and faster, her finger not going any deeper but moving in and out more fully. Chase was wild, desperate, undone.

"Jamie, I'm...gonna-gonna come..." He could barely form the words.

She leaned over again and continued pumping him at the base, wrapping her lips around the very tip of him and stroking her fist up to her mouth and back down. He felt her tongue on his tip, and then she began to suck, hollowing her cheeks. Her hand moved in a blur on his cock, her finger working inside him, her mouth sucking with vacuum force.

And then he came, a feeling of his entire body emptying up and out, as if his very insides were being torn up and shooting out into Jamie's suctioning mouth. He couldn't make a sound, even the breath in his lungs emptying through his spasming shaft, all sounds, all breath, all sensation throbbing in his c*ck as he came, and came, and came, and Jamie drew it all out of him, stroking him relentlessly, his body bowing upward and her finger moving in and out and his brain scrambling.

He didn't think he could come any harder, but she didn't let up, milking him with her mouth and her hands until he was gasping for air and scrabbling at the sheets with his heels, and still he came, orgasming so hard his body ached.

Finally, she let his c*ck go with a wet pop, withdrawing her finger from him, slowing her fist on his shaft until she was merely holding him as he panted.

"Fuck, Jamie. Just...fuck."

She just smiled at him and lay down to nestle against his chest. After a long, comfortable silence, Jamie spoke up. "We should get cleaned up. We're all...dirty."

"I'm not sure I can move yet," Chase murmured.

"Don't, then. I'll go first." Jamie slid off the bed and went into the bathroom.

Chase watched her as she went, beyond sated, wrenched thoroughly dry, yet still finding a throbbing core of desire inside himself for all of Jamie. He watched her wash her hands, turn on the shower, and brush her teeth with the complimentary toothbrush and toothpaste. He watched her rinse her mouth and spit, and felt an ache in his chest at the beautiful normality of watching her doing such mundane things.

He watched with a welter of emotions, all of them centered around and springing out from love, as Jamie stuck her hand into the stream of steaming water, adjusted the temperature slightly, and then stepped in, sliding the curtain closed.

Her phone rang, a sudden, jarring, shrill interruption cutting through the silence of his thoughts and the sounds of Jamie showering. He contemplated answering it but decided against it. He thought about finding it and seeing who showed up on the caller ID, but decided against it. The phone went silent and then rang again a few seconds later. Silence, and then a third ring. The bleeping tone of a voicemail received.

Jamie emerged from the bathroom, wreathed in steam, wrapped in a thick white towel, her red hair wet and tangled and dangling down her back. "Did I hear my phone going off?"

"Yeah," Chase said. "It rang, like, three times. You have a voicemail, I think."

She crouched and dug it out of her purse, swiped her finger across the screen to unlock it, and tapped the screen, bringing up the "missed calls" screen. She tapped it a few more times, and then a voice came out of the speakers, male, British, and smooth.

"Jamie, love. I know we had a tiff, and I said some things I mightn't've meant. You know how it goes. I just...I'm sorry. I hope you'll come home, come to my flat, I mean." Jamie paled, falling backward onto her butt on the floor, scrambling to silence it.

"Shit," she said.

Chase sat up and pinched the bridge of his. "That complicates things."

Jamie looked up sharply. "No! No it doesn't. There's no complications. I walked out. I left him because I didn't love him, didn't want to be with him. I left him before I met you."

"But he clearly wants you back."

Jamie stood up and crossed the room to sit next to Chase on the bed, phone clutched forgotten in her hand. "But I don't want him. I never really did. That was the entire problem. I was trying to convince myself another man could take your place. I couldn't keep up the pretense, Chase. I just couldn't. And now that I've been with you-made love to you-I could never ever spend a single second with anyone else." She pivoted to sit cross-legged on the bed, and Chase's eyes were drawn to the shadowy vision of her folds between the gap of the towel. She took his face in her hands and forced his eyes to hers. "Eyes up here, Tiger. You need to understand what I'm saying to you. You've ruined me for all other men. You did that the first time you kissed me."

He felt a hesitancy it her words. "But?"

"No buts. I just have to get my things from his condo. Make sure he knows I'm really done."

"Want me to go with you?"

Jamie considered. "I don't know. That could get awkward. But I really don't want to go alone, either."

"How about I go with you, but wait in the lobby?"

"That would work," Jamie said. She pushed Chase toward the bathroom. "Now go clean up. You're crusty."

Chase showered and dressed, and they left the hotel. Chase felt as if something in the world had shifted, as if everyone should know how completely his life had changed since the last time he was outside. When he and Jamie had entered the hotel, he had been bursting with need, every fiber of his being aflame with frustration and love and lust. Now, leaving the hotel not even a day later, he felt like he was almost a different person. One night with Jamie, and she'd stolen his soul, hidden it within herself. She had shown him what he'd been missing his entire life, and now he couldn't fathom being without it...couldn't fathom being without her.

They caught a cab, and Jamie gave the driver the address. A few minutes later they pulled up in front of an upscale high-rise condo building right on Lake Michigan. Chase went into the lobby with her, holding her hand. He stopped with her at the bank of elevators.

"I'll come up with you," Chase said.

Jamie shook her head. "It's fine. It's not like I'm scared of him or anything. He's a good person, and...I don't know. I just feel like if I leave your side, even for ten seconds, this whole thing will pop like a bubble. Like you and I finally being together is a dream that I could wake up from any second."

Chase laughed in relief and put his forehead to hers, one arm around her waist, the other tangled with hers at their sides. "God, I'm glad I'm not the only one feeling that way."

The elevators dinged, and the doors whooshed open. A disbelieving huff of male laughter sounded from within the elevator directly in front of them.

"Fucking bollocks, Jamie. Didn't imagine you'd move on quite that fast." The British voice from Jamie's cell phone.

Jamie jumped in Chase's arms, gasping in surprise. "Ian...I-um..."

Chase felt her pulse leap into a frenzy. He stepped away from Jamie, still holding her hand.

"I don't guess there's much to say, then, is there?" The man, tall and good-looking with sandy hair and blue eyes, flicked his gaze from Jamie to Chase, his eyes alternating between angry and hurt and confused. "I'll just go."

"Ian, wait. I'm sorry for this, but-well...I don't know. I told you it was complicated."

"Complicated?" Ian laughed, a sarcastic sound. "Complicated is having feelings for another bloke when you're with me. Complicated I can deal with. Having a tumble with him in the lobby of my flat building is a bit different, I'd say."

"I wasn't-" Jamie started. "Listen, I just need my stuff, okay?"

"You've been f**king him all along, haven't you?" Ian said, fists clenched at his sides.

"What? No! Ian, don't make this into something it's not-"

"You stormed off yesterday, and I thought you'd just need some time to cool off. I thought...I thought you'd come back, and we'd discuss it a bit, figure things out. I-you-" Ian turned away, paced a few steps, and then turned back. "You ran straight to him, didn't you? Straight from his bed to mine."

Chase couldn't keep himself from intervening. "Now, hold on just a minute, pal. You don't have to like the situation, but you've got no call to insult her."

"Sod off. I'm not talking to you, Yank." Ian dismissed Chase with a flick of his fingers. "I'm talking to Jamie, so you can just shut your f**king mouth."

"Fuck you. You're being a dick."

"Chase, don't." Jamie pushed at Chase's chest. "Just let me talk to him."

"Like I said," Ian punctuated his next words with a finger poking hard into Chase's shoulder, "sod...off."

Chase knocked Ian's hand away and stepped in front of Jamie, putting his back to her so he was inches away from Ian. "Don't touch me."

Chase heard Jamie moan in frustration when Ian's fist flashed up and into Chase's stomach, knocking the wind from him. He saw red, lunging.

4

Jamie groaned in irritation. Fucking stupid posturing males.

She saw Ian's fist move in slow motion, slam into Chase's stomach, then watched a transformation overtake Chase. He grunted, sucking in a breath, then straightened. His face was a rictus of rage.

She had to stop this before it got really ugly. She stepped in front of Chase and shoved him back as hard as she could, taking his face in her hands. His eyes dragged from Ian to her.

"Don't, Chase." She spoke so low only he could hear it. "Do not do this."

"Motherfucker sucker-punched me," Chase snarled.

"I know," Jamie said. "I know. But please just let it go. It's not worth fighting over. I hurt him, okay? He has a right to be angry-he's just being a child about it. Taking it out on you instead of me. Just walk away, okay? There's a pub a couple doors down. Go have a drink while I get my stuff. Please?"

Chase's chest heaved, and she saw the rage warring with his desire to please her. "Fine. Only for you." He spun on his heel and stormed off, fists clenched.

"Pansy," Ian's voice said from behind her, goading.

Jamie whirled, seeing Chase's shoulders tense and his strides slow. "Shut the f**k up, Ian! You're being a shithead. I just diffused the situation you created." She shoved him onto an elevator as it opened to let off a businessman. "Get on, Ian. Don't piss me off."

She stepped onto the elevator behind Ian and stood against the far wall, away from him. The ride up to Ian's condo was long and awkward and tense. Jamie followed him down the hallway and to his door, waiting while he opened it up, then stood in the foyer. Ian set his keys on a thin table by the wall, sighing deeply. His shoulders slumped, and he turned in place, scrubbing his face with one hand.

"I'm sorry, Jamie. I shouldn't have done that. I was just...I'm right pissed, and I've got every reason to be, I'd think."

Jamie flopped back against the closed door. "I know. And I'm sorry. I know you're hurt, and you do have a right to be. I haven't been fair to you."

Ian ran his hands through his hair, tilting his head and peering at Jamie as if exhausted. "Did I mean anything to you?"

"Of course you did, Ian. It was just...I don't know. It's hard to explain."

"You've said that before. I don't care to hear it again. Try to explain."

Jamie let her head thunk against the door. "You did mean something to me. I had a good time with you. You...you're wonderful. In any other situation, I think we really could have had a good chance at something long-term together."

"But?"

"But you never really had a chance with me, through no fault of your own. I've just...I've been in love with Chase for a long, long time. Since before I met you. I was running from my feelings for him when I met you. I told you all this yesterday."

"Feels like a thousand years ago."

Jamie blew a long breath out. "You have no idea." She looked up at Ian, who was leaning against the wall with one shoulder. "Look, I don't really know what to say to you that I haven't already said. I'm sorry I hurt you. I'm sorry you saw me with him like that. It's not like you think. I never even talked to him on the phone until yesterday. I literally ran into him in the street, and I just...I couldn't deny how I feel for him any longer."

"And how you feel about me no longer applies, is that it?"

Jamie couldn't answer, since it was true.

"I see," Ian said. "Well, then, there's only one thing left for me to do."

Something odd in his voice had Jamie glancing up to see Ian inches away and closing, hand scooping around the back of her head, his lips crashing against hers. Jamie froze in shock, felt herself melting just slightly-Ian was a damn good kisser, after all-and then she felt the rush of outrage and anger blast through her.

She pulled back, shoved him as hard as she could, and then slapped him. "Seriously, Ian? You kiss me? All that, and you kiss me?" She scrubbed her mouth with her palm, as if to wipe away the fact that she'd nearly let herself enjoy the kiss.

Ian shrugged. "I had to see. There is nothing left, is there? Was there ever anything?" Jamie opened her mouth to answer, but Ian cut her off. "That was rhetorical. Wait here. I'll get your things."

Jamie dug the heels of her palms into her eye sockets hard enough that sparks flashed in the blackness of her closed eyes. She heard his tread, lowered her hands to see Ian holding out two small duffel bags, the kind given out as freebies at the tech conferences Ian frequented.

"Pretty sure this is everything. If there's anything else I discover, I'll ship it to you."

"Thanks." A long silence expanded between them until Jamie broke it. "You're a good man, Ian, and I'm sorry for...using you, I guess. Wasting your time."

Ian sighed, and rubbed his jaw with his wrist. "You didn't waste my time, Jamie. You just broke my heart." He ran his hands through his hair, and Jamie had to look away from the raw splinters of emotion in his blue eyes. "I was falling in love with you. I'd thought about proposing."

Jamie let out a sound that was half-sob and half-laugh. "You were going to-? Ugh. I wish there was something else I could say besides 'I'm sorry.'"

Ian shook his head. "There really isn't anything, is there? Goodbye, Jamie."

She turned and opened the door, pausing to pick up her bags and glance at Ian. "I really am sorry. You deserved better treatment."

Ian didn't answer, besides a shrug. Jamie left, and the elevators closed on her vision of Ian standing in his doorway, one hand in his pocket, the other rubbing the back of his neck, his eyes betraying pain even from a distance.

She found her car in the garage, tossed her things in the back seat, pulled it out into traffic, found a parking spot on the street near the pub where she'd told Chase to go. She sat in her car, trying to collect herself. It had been harder than she'd thought it would be to say goodbye to Ian. To see him hurting. To know she'd been the one who hurt him.

The passenger door opening startled Jamie into alertness, but she knew it was him even before she opened her eyes. She smelled him first, body wash, cologne, faintly of beer, that male scent and the unique essence of Chase, comfort and desire turned olfactory.

"I'm sorry I made it a scene, babe," Chase said as he settled into the seat next to her.

She glanced at him in amused disbelief. "It was going to be a scene regardless. An ex and a current is always messy, no matter what. You were defending me, and that's...so sweet. And really, the fact you were able to walk away from the fight? I love you so much for that. Any guy can beat someone's ass for his girl. It takes a real man, a strong man, to walk away from a confrontation for his girl."

Chase reached out and took her hand. "Neither of us needed that." He examined her face. "It was pretty rough, huh?"

"That obvious?"

Chase laughed. "You look emotionally wrecked. Gorgeous and glorious as always, but you look like that took it out of you."

"He kissed me after I told him I'd been in love with you since before I met him. And then he told me he had been falling in love with me and that he was thinking about proposing."

"Shit."

"Yeah. It hurt."

"I'm sorry you had to go through that," Chase said.

"It's over now." Jamie noticed Chase had his bag on his lap. "You checked out?"

Chase shrugged. "Yeah. I figured we've spent enough time in Chicago."

"Sounds good to me. I have to be back in Detroit for work on Monday, but that's it. I'm free till then."

They headed away from Chicago, going vaguely west and north toward Wisconsin. They stopped at a Holiday Inn off the freeway about halfway to Milwaukee, checked in, and had dinner. Jamie felt antsy for most of the time, wanting nothing more than to erase the bad taste in her mouth left by the scene with Ian. She wanted to feel more of Chase, experience more of his many mercurial sides. She'd only scratched the surface of him, she thought. He seemed just as tense, just as full of coiled intensity. His head was freshly shaven, his jaw and chin clean and the hard lines of his handsome face accentuated by the low lights of the diner. His arms stretched the sleeve of a charcoal henley shirt, the sleeves pushed up to his elbows.

She wanted those arms around her, those hands holding her.

They went back to the hotel, and the door had barely closed behind him when Chase's voice washed over her. "Strip."

She turned in place to face him, her heart thudding. "Excuse me?" He was leaning back against the door, one leg crossed over the other, arms akimbo.

A faint smile traced his lips. His eyes twinkled. "I said, strip. Take your clothes off."

Her chin lifted. "Oh, yeah? Just like that?" She wanted to strip, but she also wanted to see where he'd take it if she refused.

He took a step forward, his gait loose and powerful, his eyes predatory. "Yeah. Just like that."

"And if I don't?"

"You will." He smirked again. "Well...you'll be nak*d in about thirty seconds either way."

Jamie sucked in a deep breath and let it out, then crossed her arms beneath her chest. "No."

Chase lifted an eyebrow and stepped toward her again, arms uncoiling. Jamie took an involuntary step backward at the intensity in his gaze. An excited smile played over her lips, and her heart crashed in her chest.

He lunged, catching her in his arms, squeezing them to her sides. She gazed up at him evenly.

"Now what are you gonna do to me? Spank me?" Jamie asked.

"Tempting," Chase said. "But no."

He returned her even gaze, and then, before she could blink, he had spun her in his arms so her back was to his front, both of her hands pinned in one of his, firmly but gently. Jamie struggled to free her hands, but she couldn't. She went still, waiting for his next move. His breathing was hot and loud in her ear, his chest hard at her back. With his free hand, he traced her cheek, following the line of his grazing fingers with his lips. Jamie tilted her head to the side as he lined kisses down her neck. Chase moved them forward so her torso was pressed to the wall, pinning her there with his hips, his erection against her jeans-clad ass. Jamie was wearing an old Counting Crows concert T-shirt, thin and tight; Chase released her hands, gripped the collar of her shirt, and ripped it open down the back and brushed it off her.

"I liked that shirt!" Jamie protested.

Chase just chuckled. He grabbed her hands again before Jamie could think about finding a way to get free, and besides, she didn't really want to. She was interested in where he was going with this. But, for form's sake, she had to put up a fight. So-in the name of the game-she writhed her ass against his erection, a distraction, and then when he sucked in a breath and loosened his grip on her wrists, Jamie shoved him away and broke free. Chase laughed and caught her around the waist with one arm, jerking her back to his chest.

"I don't think so, sweetness. You could've done a little striptease for me, and I'd already be inside you, making you come for me." Jamie couldn't quite stifle a whimper. "But no, you had to play tough girl, hard to get. So...we do this the fun way."

"Fun for who?"

Chase dragged a finger down her chest, between her cl**vage, and then traced the rim of the bra cup. "Fun for me. It'll be fun for you...eventually. But you might get a bit...desperate before I'm done with you."

He tugged the cup down and a breast popped free; he did the same to the other side, and then began toying with the n**ples, one and then the other, pinching and rolling, flicking and cupping each breast with the taut bud caught between his middle and index fingers. Jamie's breath caught, and she couldn't stop herself from arching her back into his touch. He slid his hand down her belly, dipped his fingers beneath the denim to cup her mound over the silk of her panties. Jamie froze as he stroked the damp line of her entrance with one finger, making the silk even wetter. She found herself panting and on the verge of begging him to put his finger inside her. She didn't beg, and he didn't touch her skin to skin. He seemed content to stroke her through the silk, digging in slightly to put pressure on her clit. Her h*ps writhed on their own, despite her attempts to stop them.

"Chase..." she heard herself whisper, and then clicked her teeth together on the rest of the plea.

"Yes, love?"

She only panted in reply, resting her head back on his shoulder.

Chase released her hands, withdrew his fingers from her jeans, and placed her palms flat on the wall, pulling her h*ps back until she was forced to take several steps backward. She was now standing as if she'd been arrested, feet shoulder-width apart, palms flat on wall.

"Stay like this," Chase ordered, his voice gentle in her ear.

"Or?"

Chase's finger trailed up from her hip to her side, and then up to her armpit. Jamie tensed, realizing what the punishment would be if she moved. He ever so gently traced her underarm, and she choked back a giggle, flinching away.

"No, no! Please don't tickle me," she said, putting her hands back on the wall. "I hate being tickled."

Chase rumbled in amusement. "Good to know."

Jamie cursed herself for having given him leverage. She lost her train of thought when his fingers came back around her belly, both hands dipping beneath both denim and silk to cup her flesh, one hand remaining on the dip of her hip. His middle finger dove down to press against her clit, and Jamie hung her head, gritting her teeth against a whimper. He circled her once, twice, and she couldn't stop a single gasp from escaping.

"I want to hear you," Chase said.

So, of course, Jamie decided to make a game of her own out of how silent she could stay. He made wide, slow circles around her throbbing nub, and she had to clench her jaw to keep from panting. He increased his assault, circling faster and faster, and, just as she was about to lose her own game, he stopped. That was almost her undoing. She wanted to beg him to keep going but bit her lip to keep quiet.

He unbuttoned her pants, then slowly unzipped her fly. She tensed, waiting for the pants to be pushed down, but he didn't do that. Instead, he skated his palms up her sides, cupped her br**sts in both hands, tenderly kneading the soft flesh. He abruptly unsnapped her bra but left the straps on her arms. Jamie wriggled her shoulders, hating the feel of the loose straps, but Chase stilled her with a single press of his palms to her shoulders.

Her br**sts were hanging free, unsupported now, but the bra was still partly on. It was driving her nuts, but she forgot that soon enough as his hands came back up to cup her br**sts, now stimulating her n**ples until she was shifting in place, holding back moans. And then his touch was gone again, sliding down to her hips, pushing the pants down to her knees and leaving them. She lifted her leg to pull the pants off, but Chase made a negative sound in his chest.

"Leave it," he said.

Jamie blew out a sigh of exasperation that nearly turned into a moan of appreciation as he began to massage her buttocks through her panties. It wasn't an erotic touch, oddly, the way he kneaded the muscles there, but it still turned her on even as it relaxed her. Of course, she couldn't get much more turned on, she didn't think. Then he slid his palms under the silk to caress her bare skin, and she realized how wrong she was; she could get a lot more turned on. He traced the crease between her ass cheeks with one finger, and she found herself wanting to spread herself wide to allow him entrance. She didn't, though, and he didn't press in. She was almost disappointed.

He pressed his erection against her backside, leaning in with his mouth to her ear. "Soon, sweetness." He writhed his shaft into the crack, the zipper and button scraping against the silk. "Soon I'm going to be deep inside you...here."

"Soon, like now?"

Chase made a noncommittal sound. "Maybe, maybe not. You want me to?"

"Maybe." Jamie tried to sound blase, but couldn't quite manage it.

If she was being honest with herself, she did want it. A lot, actually. His two fingers had been intense enough, but if he managed to fit his entire huge c*ck into her? It would be...mind-blowing, she was sure. As long as it didn't hurt, and she knew for a fact he wouldn't do it if was going to hurt.

"You lie," Chase murmured in her ear. "You want it. You're a dirty girl. You want my c*ck in your ass."

Jamie hung her head and bit her lip to keep from responding. Chase abruptly shoved her panties down to her knees with her pants, and then carved a line up the outside of her thigh to rest at the apex of her hip.

Chase murmured in her ear, "Which way should I go? This way?" He slid his finger toward her core. "Or this way?" He ran his fingernail back toward her ass.

Jamie wanted him in both places, so she didn't answer. Not that she would've answered anyway. He took her lack of answer as freedom to do both. One hand curled forward to cup her mound, now pulsating with heat and dripping wet. His other hand clutched one ass cheek and then the other before digging his fingers in between her thighs and ass. Jamie wanted to widen her thighs so he could touch her more freely, but her pants around her knees wouldn't let her, and neither would her own determination.

He moved both hands simultaneously, slipping one long finger into her p**sy and the fingers of the other hand deeper between her thighs from behind. Jamie allowed herself a long breath in and then out as he circled her clit. Then, abruptly, both hands were gone, and so was his presence behind her. She started to twist to try to locate him, but his voice at her left ear stopped her.

"Mmm-mmm. No moving," he admonished her.

Jamie clenched her jaw around her sarcastic comeback and waited. He took one of her hands in his, slid her bra strap off, then repeated it with the other side. He stepped away to hang the bra off the bathroom doorknob. Jamie watched him, then snapped her attention back to the wall when he returned to his place behind her. He knelt down behind her, kissing her spine on the way, then each buttock, then underneath each one. He wrapped his hands around the front of her thighs, stroked upward until his fingers brushed the line of her entrance. Jamie's breathing became more labored as he slid his hands down and then back up her legs, stopping again just at the apex of her thighs.

"Step out of the pants," Chase instructed.

Jamie obeyed, stepping on the cuff of one pant leg and tugging her foot out, then did the same on the other side. She was nak*d now, trembling with anticipation. She waited, and waited, but Chase did nothing, just knelt behind her with his hands on her thighs and his mouth pressed in a stilled kiss to the rounded outside of her ass.

Then he was gone. "Don't move," he ordered. "And don't look. Close your eyes."

Jamie closed her eyes, listening to a zipper of a bag zzzzhrip-ing open, then the sounds of clothing being rummaged through. She smelled him, felt his presence. Cloth touched her eyes, tied behind her head. She opened her eyes, but all was dark. He tugged her hands away from the wall and guided her to a different position, standing her in place and leaving her, then spinning her a few times so she was disoriented but not dizzy.

"What are you doing, Chase? What's going on?"

He didn't answer. She heard a soft footfall to one side and then the other; she smelled him as he passed by her, and then the scent was gone with the breeze of his passage. A finger trailed across her belly in one direction, a palm slid over her ass in the other. Lips pressed to hers briefly, gone as soon as she began to respond to the kiss. Fingers carved over her h*ps and into the wet folds of her core, stroking slowly and languorously, then were gone before she could begin to respond. His lips touched hers, tilted slightly sideways, and this time stayed until she opened her mouth, his tongue sliding in and tangling with hers, tracing her lips.

He was gone again, and then Jamie heard a zipper, cloth rustling and falling to the floor, and then she caught his scent and felt his presence in front of her.

"I'm right in front of you," he said. "Touch me."

She reached out, found hot flesh. She explored the area and found it to be his elbow. She followed his arm to his shoulder, his neck, devoured his bare torso with both hands then, over the toned bulk of his muscles, the cut and rippling perfection of his abs, down to his hips. He was nak*d, thank god. She felt the cool, hard, tautness of his ass, cupped it, clutched it, then reached around to grip his erection. She stroked him a few times, and then he pulled away.

"Come back," Jamie said, "I want to touch you more."

He ghosted back into her outstretched hands, and she caressed his body all over, pressed her face to his chest, kissing across it, touching his shoulder with her lips and running her tongue over the small bead of his nipple, tracing the grooves of his abdomen with her mouth, falling to her knees and laving the hollow of hip, finding the V-cut and worshipping it with her fingers and her tongue. She paused, turning her face up to him, as if to look at him through the blindfold. She could almost see him in her mind: absurdly, gloriously gorgeous face turned down to look at her, his brown eyes wide and dark and glinting with unrestrained desire, his broad, hard muscles rippling as he held himself still for her touch, tribal tattoos across his biceps and forearms. She kissed his thigh, then skated her palms over his taut ass, pulling him closer, closer, until she felt the heat and iron and silk of his c*ck against her lips. She kissed him, smiling at the gasping intake of his breath, then took him into her mouth and slowly lowered her head, taking him deeper and deeper, relaxing her throat and going deeper yet.

"Fuck, Jay, what are you doing?" His voice was thick and quavering. "Don't gag yourself! Jesus..."

He lost capacity for speech then as she backed away, sucking on his tip, and then downed his c*ck once more, deeper than before, until she felt his close-trimmed curls against her face. She backed away slightly, then bobbed her head until he hissed and pulled himself away.

She smiled up at him, licking her lips. Judging by the fraught silence stretching between them, Jamie knew she'd made her point. She stayed on her knees, waiting, hands on her thighs, face turned up to where she knew he was. She could feel his intense gaze on her.

Then she felt his hands on her arms gently lifting her up to her feet. His mouth touched hers, his tongue spearing through her lips in a demanding kiss. She melted instantly, moving to let him curl her into his embrace, but instead of his arms around her, she was swept up off her feet.

"Omigod, Chase! Put me down, you lunatic! You'll break your back!"

Chase just laughed and walked with her in his rock-solid arms-no hint of trembling or straining-and set her slowly onto the bed. He kissed her breastbone, then suckled her nipple until she gasped and moaned, switching to the other breast and doing the same, scraping the sensitive peak with his teeth until she whimpered. He moved down her body, kissing as he went, and when his mouth reached her mound, Jamie eagerly slid her legs apart, cupping his bald scalp and shamelessly pulling his mouth to her hot, wet sex. Chase chuckled at her eagerness, and the vibrations of his laughter had her lifting her h*ps to press herself into him. He teased her with his tongue, light butterfly-gentle flicks against her clit, followed by slow, fat licks of her entire opening, then a darting tongue tip into her channel. Then his fingers curled into her to stroke her G-spot, and his mouth worked her throbbing nub until she was bucking underneath him, moaning a nonstop sound of need as she drew closer to cli**x. She held onto his head for dear life, holding him tight against her.

"Oh, god, Chase! I'm gonna come right now!"

And then he was gone.

"Where are you going? Come back here!" She writhed on her back, reaching for him, growling in frustration. "You can't do that!"

She heard him moving around, and then her hand was enclosed by his hand, something cool and soft wrapped around her wrist. Her arm was drawn back and over her head, a pause and the sound of rustling, and then she felt his presence move around the bed to the other side. She reached for him, only to find her right hand stop abruptly, as if...

"Did you just tie me to the bed?"

"Maybe."

Her left hand was held in his unbreakably gentle grip, tied to the bed, and then he was gone once more.

"Chase Delany. You cannot tie me up and blindfold me and then just leave me here on the edge of orgasm. You'd damn well better come back here and finish what you started." She heard the tinge of desperation in her voice but couldn't quite manage to erase it.

Chase's voice came from across the room. "Oh, don't you worry, my love. I'll finish you off. When I'm ready."

"What are you doing way over there?"

"I'm looking at you. You're tied up and nak*d and at my mercy. I'm deciding what to do to you. You're so f**king sexy like that, all spread out for me...I could come right now, just looking at you."

Jamie spread her legs apart and writhed on the bed, an invitation. "You better not come. I want it. I want you. Give it to me."

Chase's voice was closer, now. "You want it? You want my come?"

"God, yes. All of it."

Closer yet. "Where?"

"Anywhere. Everywhere." His fingers grasped her ankle, and she sucked in a sharp breath; his palm ran up her thigh, and Jamie wantonly spread her legs apart for his touch. "There. Inside me."

His weight settled on the bed, and then she felt him climbing up her body to kneel over her. "What if I want it somewhere else?"

Jamie lifted her body, wanting his skin against hers, wanting pressure on her aching clit. "Anywhere. Just...finish it. I want you."

She felt something hot and soft and broad nudging her sex. Jamie moaned, arching her back to get him deeper. He matched her thrust to move away, and then replaced his tip at her entrance. "Be still. Don't move. Don't make a sound."

Jamie froze, clamping her lips together. He moved his c*ck in circles, rubbing her cl*t with his crown. Jamie's body wanted to writhe in circles with him, but she forced herself into stillness. He moved himself faster and faster, and then pulled away, leaving Jamie gasping, head craned back in desperation. She wanted to plead with him.

"Stop moving."

"I can't help it."

"Try. The more you move, the more you make those sexy little sounds, the longer it will take. I can't take those moans. I'm so close to coming, Jamie. If you keep making those noises, I'm done."

Jamie felt him nudge her throbbing clit, and she had to flex every muscle in her body to keep still, biting her tongue to keep quiet. He circled her hot, hard nub again, and she felt the pressure of impending cli**x building up. Without warning Chase drove himself into her, a fast, hard thrust, fully impaling his thick shaft inside her. Jamie shrieked in surprise and pleasure, and he pulled himself out.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Jamie gasped. "I'll be quiet. Give it back, please."

He slowly entered her again, and Jamie wrapped her fists around the cords binding her-neckties, it felt like-and held them for leverage to keep still as he slid his pulsing shaft into her drenched slit. She bit her lip until she tasted blood, but she kept quiet, and he buried himself to the hilt, his h*ps bumping hers. He held there, and she heard his breathing, fast, ragged, as if he was barely staving off his own orgasm. Jamie flexed her vag**al muscles as hard as she could around him, clenching and releasing in a pulsating rhythm.

"Fuck, Jay. Fuck, that's incredible." His breath huffed hot on her throat. "Do it again."

Jamie clenched him tight again, flexing hard as long as she could, and then releasing with a gasp of exertion. Chase kissed her throat, then moved down to her breast and kissed the mounded flesh with soft, wet lips. Jamie struggled to contain her groan as he sucked her nipple into his mouth and flicked it with his tongue.

She nearly screamed when he drew back and slammed in, then twice, a third time, and with each hard thrust Jamie fell closer to orgasm. He plunged deep a fourth time and then withdrew completely, and this time Jamie did mewl in irate frustration.

Chase's body slid down hers, and his mouth pressed to her sex. Jamie stifled a whimper as he licked and lapped and laved her aching cl*t in arrhythmic flicks, driving her mad with the need for pressure, need for rhythm.

She was desperate now, so close to cli**x, but held away from the edge by his endless teasing. She was drawing close now, and she struggled to hold absolutely still and remain completely silent, hoping if she could keep him from knowing how close she was he might send her over the edge. He settled into a rhythm finally, licking directly against her throbbing nub. She called on every shred of will she possessed, but as she neared cli**x, her traitorous body bucked beneath his skilled mouth, and the delicious wet pressure of his mouth was gone.

"Dammit!" She couldn't stop the cry of crazed need from escaping, either.

He laughed, a predatory rasp in his throat, sinuously gliding up the length of her body, the slick tip of his c*ck dragging up her leg to nudge against her entrance.

"Are you ready for me?" Chase asked, his voice an almost inaudible whisper in her ear.

"Yes!" She let all of her desperation into her voice, let herself abjectly plead with him. "Chase, please, please...no more. No more. Just...be with me. Come with me. Come inside me. Shit, come on me, if you want. Come on my tits, or my face or anywhere. Just let me go, let me touch you."

Chase's tongue flicked her earlobe, and then his mouth kissed her ear, her jaw just behind it. Jamie panted, thrusting her p**sy against the tip nudging her slit. He kept away until she went still and then nibbled her neck, sucked her shoulder near her armpit hard enough that she'd have a mark later. She tugged on the ties binding her, wanting to feel his back move, feel his ass rippling, wanting to draw him in. She thrashed her head, trying to dislodge the blindfold. She curled her legs around his h*ps and jerked, but it was like trying to move a statue.

His breath returned to her ear. "I'd never degrade you that way, my love." His whispering voice was sweet and tender. "Never. Now, tell me where you want me to come."

She twisted her face to bite his earlobe. "Inside me. In my p**sy. Now. Please. No more teasing. No more games."

He nudged in, a tiny movement that had only the very tip inside her, but it was enough to make her whimper.

"Like that?" he said, his voice a low rasp.

She could feel him trembling, holding back, straining for control.

"Yes...god, yes. Just like that. More. More." She fought for stillness. "I'm begging you, please, more."

Chase fluttered his hips, a series of slow, shallow movements that had Jamie flailing in paroxysms of delight, moaning. He kept up the tiny thrusts, barely moving in before he was pulling back. Jamie wasn't about to complain since it was better than nothing, but she wanted, needed more. He'd brought her so close so many times now, had her rising up and up and closer and closer until she was nearly mad with raging pressure, pent-up cli**x. And these butterfly thrusts weren't going to get the job done.

"Chase...stop teasing me." Her voice was a broken whisper.

He laughed again, the same low gravelly rumble of leonine amusement. "Teasing? This isn't going to do it for you?" He thrusted even more shallowly, if possible, the tip barely moving between her labia.

"You bastard. You know it's not." Jamie jerked on the ties, but only succeeded in tightening them around her wrists.

Chase froze. "A bastard, am I?" He pulled out, barely stifling a hiss that told Jamie he was teasing himself as much as her.

He lowered his mouth to her breast, cupping it with his hand and flicking the nipple with his teeth. His other hand snaked between their bodies, a single finger racing around her clit. Jamie groaned and writhed in frustration, in pleasure, in confusion. What he was doing felt amazing, felt incredible, but she needed him. He didn't stop when she bucked beneath him to the tempo of his licking tongue and flicking fingers. He didn't stop when she began to arch off the bed, and he didn't stop when she began to let full-voiced cries escape.

"Oh, god, oh, god, oh, god," Jamie cried, finally cresting over the verge of cli**x.

At the very moment the wave broke over her, Chase plunged into her, hammering deep in a single thrust. She screamed in delirious ecstasy, curling her legs around his ass and clutching him with all the considerable strength in her legs. Wave after wave crashed through her, the pressure releasing in an inundating barrage powerful enough to leave her heaving sobbed breaths.

Chase didn't relent as she came, however. He drew back and pounded in, unleashing another scream from her, and then he did it again, and she couldn't scream, could only gasp for breath. He began a driving rhythm, and Jamie tried to keep up, tried to thrust back into him, but the blasting waves of cli**x weren't letting up, were only intensifying with every thrust of his cock. She had her fists wrapped around the ties tightly enough that she was sure her circulation was suffering.

"Untie me," Jamie pleaded between ragged sobs.

Chase never slowed his plunging thrusts, reaching up with one hand and deftly untying her right wrist, then shifting his weight to the other hand and releasing her left. As soon as each hand was free, Jamie clawed at his back, pawing at his sweat-slick skin, gripping his bulging biceps and pistoning h*ps and tensing buttocks. She smeared the sweat on his scalp, dragging his face down to hers in sloppy, desperate kisses, missing his mouth a few times and not caring. She wanted his skin, his sweat, his body. She clung to him, driving her h*ps into his madly now as she began to match his furious rhythm. She was panting wildly, each breath a loud moan.

Her cli**x had never retreated completely, and she was shuddering with aftershocks every few moments. Then, as he began to pump faster, Jamie felt the aftershocks morph and burgeon, turning into yet another orgasm. She clung to Chase's neck, her legs locked around his back, holding on to him as she rode out the orgasm, struggling for breath as the waves grew stronger, ripping through her like a tsunami.

The cli**x receded slightly but didn't dissipate completely. Chase shifted positions slightly, slowing his pace but still driving deep. He brought his knees beneath him, slid his palms beneath Jamie's ass, gripping her h*ps and lifting. She moved down the bed toward him and arched her back, lifting her h*ps to meet him, reaching back to grip the headboard with both hands. Chase held her h*ps up, plunging hard and deep. Jamie's voice rose in a sound that wasn't quite a scream, a high-pitched keen of rapture as his c*ck filled her deeper than she'd thought anyone could be. He drove in deep this way a few times, and then, against all sense, thrust shallowly, pivoting his body so the broad head of his c*ck struck her G-spot dead-on.

Less than thirty seconds later, Jamie came again, and this time she couldn't bear it, couldn't stand it, couldn't even ride it out. All she could do was release a guttural scream and rake her fingers over his shoulders.

Tears of raw overwhelmed emotion tracked down her cheeks, and she didn't bother to wipe them away.

Chase's movements grew rough and clumsy, and Jamie recognized the signs of his impending release. She planted her heels on the bed and met him thrust for frantic thrust. She moaned his name in his ear when he finally released her h*ps and collapsed forward onto her, grinding raggedly and arrhythmically, growling and groaning with every thrust.

"Chase, baby...oh, god...come for me." Jamie held the nape of his neck and the back of his head, her body wrapped around his. He came with a counterintuitively soft sigh, slamming his pulsating c*ck into her with almost brutal force. "Yes, yes! Hard, I love it like that, so hard."

Chase couldn't speak as he came. Jamie felt his hot seed hit her inner walls, and his thrusting became deep-driving insanity, frenzied and wild. His pelvis crushed her clit, and she felt another impossible orgasm wash over her, impossible, absurd, and spastically potent. She bit his shoulder, dug her fingers into his back, and pounded her core against him, their hipbones crashing like colliding tectonic plates, slow and unstoppably forceful thrusts.

All the while, liquid heat filled Jamie, wash after wash spurting from Chase into her cleft, and she took it all, clamping down on his throbbing c*ck with every ounce of power she had within her.

"Jamie...oh, god, fuck, I love you so goddamn much." Chase's voice was gravelly and ragged in her ear, his thrusts finally slowing, abating. "I love you...so much. You-god...you shatter me so wonderfully, Jamie."

He rolled with her so she was cradled against his chest. She was a dribbling mess, but she didn't care. Nothing mattered but closeness, the warmth of his huge hard body radiating like a furnace against her sensitive skin, his manhood softening and throbbing against her thigh, his palms skating softly over her shoulder, his fingers tangling in her sweaty curls...

Jamie fell asleep more contented than she knew how to understand. She felt full in her heart, in her soul, in her mind, beyond exhausted, wrung limp and sated to surfeit.

"Promise me this will never end," she whispered, her voice muzzy and heavy.

Chase threaded his fingers through hers. "I promise you this will never end. You and me...this is just the beginning."

"Please?" It was a mumbled reply, meant to be a thankful sigh of relief, coming out as something else.

Chase just tightened his grip on her and kissed her eyebrow, and she heard his breathing even out as sleep stole over her.

5

Jamie fumbled for her ringing cell phone. By the time she found it on her bedside table, it had stopped ringing. Figured. She struggled to a sitting position in her bed, wishing she could've stayed asleep for a bit longer. She'd driven from Chase's show in Milwaukee straight to Detroit, where she worked a nine-hour shift before finally going home. All this had been on barely four hours of sleep. She'd woken up at oh-dark-thirty to pee and had ended up pinned beneath Chase's hard body, his sleepy eyes tender and lustful. She couldn't-and didn't-say no to him, so she'd never gone back to sleep.

Now it was Tuesday morning-Jamie glanced at her phone and swore-okay, fine, Tuesday afternoon...and she was still feeling groggy and in need of sleep. She'd crashed hard when she got home, but it had been a broken and not entirely restful sleep. She'd kept partially waking and finding herself alone in bed.

Two nights with Chase, and I already miss him in my bed, Jamie thought. I've got it bad.

The voicemail notification beeped, and Jamie played the message. "Hey, hooker, it's me," Anna's voice said. "Haven't seen you in forever, and I miss your face. Call me. Or better yet, lunch at BD's at one? 'Kay, good. See you there."

Jamie leapt out of bed, swearing. It was twelve-twenty. Knowing Anna, she'd show up at Mongolian Bar-B-Q at one and expect Jamie to be there. Showering and dressing in record time, Jamie skipped makeup except for the basic blush, mascara, and lip gloss, and bolted out the door. As she expected, Anna was waiting with a diet Coke when Jamie showed up ten minutes late.

"There you are," Anna said, getting up to hug Jamie. "Wondered if you'd gotten my message."

"Yeah, sorry I'm late," Jamie said. "I had a bit of lie-in."

Anna laughed even as her face wrinkled in confused frown. "'A bit of a lie-in'? Starting to talk like Ian, are we?" Anna shook her head, chuckling. "Shall we carry on to the table and have a spot of lunch?" She said this with a terrible faux-British accent.

Jamie frowned. "Did I say that?"

"Yeah, you kind of did."

Jamie tilted her head back and groaned volubly. "I can't believe I actually said that. That was one of Ian's favorite phrases."

Anna cast a quizzical look at Jamie as they scooped uncooked chicken and vegetables into their bowls. "Was?"

Jamie bit her lip. She wasn't quite ready for that part of the conversation, but Anna knew her too well for Jamie to be able to dissemble for long. "Yeah, well...you know what I mean."

Anna scooped teriyaki sauce into a ramekin and set the dishes on the counter for the grill guy. "Maybe I don't." She dug her cell phone out of her pocket and tapped a message, then sent it and turned back to Jamie. "You're being purposefully vague, and I don't like it. Spill, sister."

Jamie watched the grillers show off with their grill-sword things, trying to come up with a suitable response that would still buy her time. In the end she just sighed. "How about I ignore all interrogative queries until after I've eaten?"

Anna frowned, shrugging. "Okay, guess I can handle that. But I get the feeling I'm not gonna like this very much, am I?"

Jamie couldn't answer that. She accepted her food with a smile for the sweaty but good-looking young guy behind the grill, tossing a couple dollar bills in the tip jar and banging the gong. Anna was true to her word, letting her eat in peace. When they'd both finished, Anna toyed with her chopsticks and leveled a serious look at Jamie.

"Okay. We've eaten. Now...spill." Anna stabbed Jamie's hand with the chopstick playfully. "Ian didn't knock you up, did he?"

Jamie sighed, half-laughing. "No." She took a deep breath. "Ian and I broke up about an hour after I got to Chicago, actually."

Anna's brow wrinkled. "Really? I thought things were going well. I was half-expecting you to tell me you were moving to Chicago."

Jamie shook her head. "It was never going well, Anna."

"What do you mean?"

"Ian...the whole thing with him. It was never going to work, and I knew it from the get-go."

"I don't understand. You seemed to like him. You were always talking about him whenever we hung out."

Jamie rolled her eyes. "Yeah, well...I was trying to convince myself everything was fine."

"So you broke up with Ian on Friday...it's Tuesday, and I know you work every Monday...so what happened Saturday and Sunday?"

"Actually, technically, he broke up with me, but I was gonna do it soon anyway."

Anna waved her hand dismissively. "Irrelevant. Where were you the rest of the weekend? What are you not telling me?"

"Um." Jamie tied a knot in the empty paper wrapper from her drinking straw, not looking at Anna. "Nothing?"

"Fuck you, hooker. Give me the truth."

"You can't handle the truth."

"Okay, fine, Tom Cruise." Anna scooted her chair back and prepared to stand up. "I'm going to the bathroom. If you can't talk to me, I get it. Or really, I don't, but I'm not gonna try to drag the truth out of you. You've either avoided the truth or outright lied to me every time we've talked for, like, months now. I'm getting sick of it." Anna left, her messy blonde braid hanging down her back, swaying as she walked.

Jamie put her face in her hands, groaning in despair. "This is gonna suck," she muttered to herself.

Anna came back and sat down, crossing her arms over her chest. "Last chance, Jay. Or we're fighting for real."

Jamie took a deep breath, shredding the straw wrapper between shaking fingers. "I ran into Chase after I left the restaurant where Ian broke up with me."

"Shit." Anna's eyes slid closed slowly. "I knew it. I knew it. You f**ked him, didn't you?"

Jamie looked up sharply. "It wasn't just f**king, Anna."

"Whatever, Jamie. You slept with him. You had sex with him."

"It's not...it was more than that." She could barely manage a whisper. "I can't even explain to you how much has changed for me. It feels like...I don't know how to put it into words. It's hard to believe it was just a single weekend. Two days. Two days, but everything is different. I'm different. He changed me, Anna."

Anna drew a long breath and let it out slowly. "Yeah. He has a way of doing that, doesn't he?" She reached out and took Jamie's trembling hands in hers. "I'll bite my tongue as long as I can, but you have to talk to me."

Jamie nodded, pushing back the huge weight of emotion bearing down on her chest. "I'm in love with him, Anna. I have been since Vegas. I tried so hard, so goddamn hard to deny it. To pretend it wasn't true. I did. I swear to you, I didn't want this to happen, but it did. We both tore ourselves apart for months trying to act like this wasn't inevitable. Ian...he was just an attempt to be okay without Chase, and it never had a f**king chance in hell of working."

"And Chase? How does he feel?"

"He did basically the same thing. Hooked up with some girl from around here named Tess. He was in Chicago for a show, and she dumped him, pretty much at the same time as Ian dumped me. We were both hurting innocent people with this, Anna. Tess, Ian? Neither of them had any part of Chase or me. But now that Chase and I...happened...you're hurt. I don't know what to do."

"He loves you, huh?" Anna's voice was small and tight.

"Yeah."

Anna didn't answer for a long, long time. "Shit. I-shit. I don't know how to deal with this. It's not like he's my boyfriend and you went behind my back with him. I'm married to Jeff, and I wouldn't change that for the world, but...it's Chase. You know how hard that whole thing was for me."

Jamie half-shrugged, sniffling back a tear. "Yeah...I know. But...you don't know what I went through trying to act like I don't need Chase."

"No, I don't, because you weren't talking-"

"How could I talk to you about it? About him? You still care about him. I know you love Jeff with all your heart, but you can't sit there and tell me there's no part of you that doesn't wonder what could have been if you hadn't run away from him in New York. What was the right choice in this, Anna? I tried the right thing. I tried to walk away from him. I did walk away from him. So many times, I did, and it nearly broke me every time. That kiss in Vegas. It was one of those moments that define you, that change who you are, what you want in life..."

Anna sighed. "I know the feeling all too well."

"Every time I saw him just made it worse. It's not just an attraction. I don't know what to say. It's...need. I was completely exhausted last night, but I still couldn't sleep right because he wasn't there, and I'd only spent two days with him. It's like...I don't know...like he's inside me."

Anna stood up abruptly and walked out of the restaurant, wiping at her face. Jamie slumped forward, resting her head on her arms on the tabletop for a minute, then followed Anna out to her car. She slid into the passenger seat and rested her head on the seat back. Next to her, Anna had her forehead pressed to the steering wheel. Her shoulders shook.

After a while, Anna sat up and scrubbed her face. "I...I love Jeff. I don't want anyone else. He's...he's perfect for me. But goddammit, Jay. You're right. I do sometimes, in very pit of my heart, wonder sometimes. I ran before he had a chance to explain, and later I realized he probably hadn't done anything wrong. But by then it didn't matter, because I was in love with Jeff already."

"I know."

"But...how can I ever look at Chase without that little niggling worm of doubt popping up? How can I look at him and not see us-him and me? You're my best friend, Jay. I want to be able to ask you about things with your boyfriend. We're supposed to have dirty little secrets about our men together. I want to ask you...I mean, I know what Chase likes, and I'm guessing I can imagine how the weekend went, and-" Anna shuddered and ducked her head, "-But then I think of him and you in bed together, and I get sick. It's not jealousy, exactly. I don't know what it is, but it hurts, Jay. It hurts."

Jamie leaned across the console between them and hugged Anna. "I don't know, either. That's how I feel when I think about you and Chase together. I mean, like...he's mine. I don't know what I'm gonna do while he's on tour. I'm already going insane, and it's been less than twenty-four hours since I saw him. And sometimes you come up, and it's awkward. And I...I don't know, Anna. This is what's been tearing me apart about the whole situation. I love him so much. I've never been happier in my entire life than when I'm with him. Nothing else matters except being in his arms. But I have to live life and so does he, and then everything comes crashing back down around me and..." Jamie rested her forehead against Anna's shoulder. "Reality sucks."

Anna laughed through a sob. "Yeah, it does." She leaned her ear against Jamie's head. "Don't take this the wrong way, Jay, but-fuck you for falling in love with my ex." After a silent moment, Anna shoved Jamie away playfully. "It was pretty amazing, though, right?"

Jamie dragged in a deep breath and let it out with a shriek and whole-body freak out. "Anna, it was so far beyond incredible! I didn't know it could be like that. I didn't know..." She took a deep breath and tried again. "He took me places I didn't know the human body could go." She said this last part quietly, lending intensity to the statement.

Anna sighed, almost wistfully. "You two are perfect for each other." She picked at her thumbnail, keeping her gaze cast down. "I never said this to anyone, or even admitted it to myself out loud before now, but I kind of felt like he wanted things I didn't know how to give him. He was just so crazy and intense and...it was exciting and fun, but it was overwhelming sometimes. I think that's the largest reason I ran. Emotionally, yeah, there were things there I couldn't figure out how to face, but I think unconsciously I was a little overwhelmed by the things he wanted to do with me, to me."

Jamie rubbed her palms on her thighs. "Yeah, see, for me, that's exactly what I need. I've been so...closed off, numb...and just bored with sex, with men in general. Chase makes me feel alive. Like I've just been dreaming until now, and Chase is reality."

Anna giggled, a little hysterically. "This is a strange-ass conversation." She twisted the engagement ring and wedding band around her finger. "Jeff is exactly what I need. Being with him, making love to him is...it makes me feel cherished. He takes his time, he's so slow and sweet and thorough, and he can get a little freaky sometimes, but mainly, it's just...so completely what my soul and my heart and my body need." Jamie wasn't sure what to say to that, so she kept silent until Anna blew out a harsh breath and turned to Jamie. "I'm trying really hard to be cool about this. But...I'm upset. I'm confused. I'm hurt. I'm kinda angry, actually. I mean, I know this wasn't something you intentionally chose, so it may not be fair for me to be pissed off, but it's hard to ignore how I feel just because it's not 'fair.'" Anna used air quotes when she said the last word.

"I'm sorry, Anna. You have every right to be pissed at me. I get it. And yeah, I didn't ask for this, but...I can't-I don't know what to do. Just don't make me choose between you and him, please? I couldn't-couldn't do that. I love you, you're my best and oldest friend. But Chase? He's...I feel like he's my future."

"I'm not gonna make you choose, Jay. I wouldn't do that. But I need time. I need to talk to Jeff about this. Just...give me time." Anna stuck her key in the ignition but didn't turn it. "I'm not gonna lie, Jay. The more I think about this, the harder it feels like it's gonna be, the first time we all get together."

"It's gonna be-"

"Impossible." Both women said the word simultaneously, and then laughed together.

The gaiety quickly faded, and Jay pushed the passenger door open. She got out and paused, bending down to look at Anna, her hands on the roof of the car. "I don't know what else to say besides I'm sorry, and thank you." Jamie felt like she'd said some version of that last phrase a thousand times in the last few days.

"Thank you?" Anna asked, her face screwing up with the tension of someone trying not to cry.

"For trying to understand. For being my friend anyway, despite this. I can't shake the feeling that I've betrayed you somehow. Unintentionally maybe, but still." Jamie felt her voice break.

Anna squeezed her gray eyes closed around stubborn tears. "BFF's, no matter what." She reached out her fist, and Jamie bumped it with hers. "Now go the hell away before you make me ugly-cry."

Jamie sniffed and laughed, then turned away without another word and drove home. On the way, she realized that, despite the number of times she'd apologized to Anna, her friend had never said it was okay.

Probably because it wasn't.

Anna might not have been actively in love with Chase, but old, dormant, and mostly forgotten feelings still had the potential to cause heartache.

Sitting at home, catching up on her DVR'd episodes of Teen Mom 2, Jamie found herself wishing she could quit her job and just follow Chase on his tour. Or fly out to wherever he was for each show and be with him that way. Or...anything other than sit at home missing him, jealous of the fans who got so much of his time and attention.

She Googled his tour dates, switched shifts around with the other assistant manager at work, and bought a plane ticket to St. Louis, where Six Foot Tall was performing next. The ticket nearly cleaned out her savings, but she'd just paid rent, and all of her other bills were up to date. Everything else could wait.

6

Chase finished his last encore number and stepped off the stage, the screaming of thousands of fans bolstering him despite his exhaustion. The band's tour schedule was brutal. The last several weeks had been a whirlwind of nonstop shows back to back, sometimes with a few days in between. Demand for Six Foot Tall was growing exponentially, and there was talk of the band headlining a show in Detroit sometime soon. Jamie had met him for almost every show, Chase paying for her airfare and hotel stays. Their relationship had deepened over the last two months, but it was still very much like a long-distance relationship. They spent more time talking on the phone or texting than they did in person, and they rarely had more than one night together in a row. Chase needed a break. He needed a few consecutive days spent not on stage, not warming up or writing new material or traveling. He needed private downtime with Jamie, without the specter of the next show looming, cutting short their time together. Jamie understood, of course, and never complained. She came to every show she could, and was traveling almost as much as he was, flying all over the country to meet him. Chase's credit card was racking up serious frequent flier miles.

That night's show was one of the rare and blessed dates that was followed by three days in a row off. He'd already booked a suite for the two nights he had with Jamie. They were in Phoenix, Arizona, and the next show was some tiny club somewhere in New Mexico, an unplugged acoustic set. He accepted a towel from the stagehand and wiped his face and head with it, searching the backstage area for Jamie's wild red curls. There she was, facing into a darkened corner, her phone pressed to her ear, finger plugging the other. He sidled up behind her, wrapped his arms around her waist, and kissed her neck while she finished her phone call.

She hung up and stuck the phone in her purse, then turned in his arms and met his lips with hers. "Hey, baby. Great show!"

Chase smiled into her lips. "Thanks. Who was that you were talking to?"

She shrugged. "Work call. The M.O.D. messed up the inventory order, and I had help her unfuck it."

"Gotcha. So, ready for three days and two nights alone with me?"

"God, am I ever," Jamie said. "Are we staying here in Phoenix?"

"Yep. I have a suite booked. I'll meet the guys at the next show in New Mexico."

"And you're in L.A. after that?"

Chase nodded and pulled her into a walk out of the building where the limo rented by the label was waiting. "That's gonna be a huge show. Biggest yet, I think. If that one goes well, our agent says we might get a headliner billing at the Palace."

Jamie lit up, gripping his arm in excitement. "Really? That would be so huge! Headlining in your hometown? I bet it would sell out."

Chase laughed. "Yeah, probably not, but nice try. We're a long way from selling out the Palace, baby."

Jamie shoved him playfully. "You so would. I've heard people talking about you guys. You're getting a lot of radio play on the WRIF and 89X."

Chase glanced at her. "Really? Jim told us we've been getting more air time, but I guess it didn't quite register what that meant." He handed her into the limo and slid in next to her. "It's kind of weird. For as much as I'm all over the country, I still feel isolated from reality in a way. We're playing in front of sold-out crowds, but they're there to see the other bands as much as us, if not more so. We play, and we keep going. We're getting paid a shitload of money, but it's not really real most of the time, you know? Someone tells you, 'You're getting a lot of radio play,' and you're all like, 'Oh, that's great,' or whatever, but it doesn't mean anything most of the time. It's not like I'm in those cities hearing our songs on the radio, you know? Right now, it feels like the whole word is broken up into the bus, the stage, and you, and nothing else even exists except in theory."

Jamie turned on the limo seat and draped her legs over his, curling her arms around his neck. "You're building a brand, baby. A name. Recognition. It'll all pay off. It already is paying off. People are starting to know who you are, on a household level." She nuzzled her face into his throat. "And now none of that matters."

"No?" Chase asked, tangling his fingers in her hair.

"Nope. For the next few days, you're mine. You're not a rock star as of this moment. You're just my Chase."

He sighed into her hair. "Your Chase. Perfect."

The limo dropped them off at the hotel, where they ordered room service and drank two bottles of expensive white wine. They sat side by side on the bed, finishing the last of the second bottle.

"How long can you keep this up, Jay?" Chase asked, apropos of nothing.

Jamie tilted her head to rest it against his shoulder, swirling the wine at the bottom of her glass. "I don't know. Like you said, my life feels compartmentalized into work, airports, your shows, and hotels. I love traveling, honestly, but...it is getting exhausting. I'd give anything to spend a week on a beach with you." She tossed back the last of her wine and set the glass aside before turning to straddle Chase. "I'll do this as long as necessary. As long as this is your life, your career, this is how I'll see you."

"Do you even see your friends anymore?"

Jamie shrugged. "I have lunch with Anna when I'm back in Detroit. I went out with Lane and his partner Matty the other day. The rest of the people I called my friends? They weren't really friends. They were drinking buddies. I only drink with you now. They don't call me or try to catch up. The only people who keep up with my coming and going anymore are Lane and Anna, so they're really all that matter."

"Funny how that happens, huh? When you're gone all the time, the fake friends have a way of getting culled out." Chase slipped his hands beneath her shirt to run his palms on the hot skin of her back. "It works for me, though. The guys are my friends. The roadies and the driver, the security guys, they're friends, too. Jim, our agent. You. That's about it."

"Who else do you need, really?"

Chase kissed the base of her throat. "Besides you and the band? No one. Who else is there?"

Jamie reached down and peeled her shirt off, her curls bouncing down to hang around her shoulders. She'd let it grow recently, and it was now almost to mid-back. Chase loved her hair, loved to hold on to it, run his fingers through it, grip it in his fist as he made love to her.

He'd been planning this night for a while. He'd hinted at what he wanted to do with her, and she'd not demurred. He skimmed his hands over her shoulders, across the lace of her bra, feeling the hard beads of her n**ples, then reached behind her to unhook her bra. He felt his c*ck twitch and harden as her heavy br**sts fell free. He took them in his hands, cupping them, kneading the silky flesh, grazing his thumb across her n**ples. He flicked a nipple with his tongue, a featherlight touch, and Jamie gasped sharply, arching her back.

She shifted her weight backward and unsnapped his pants, unzipped them, and gripped the waistband of his pants and boxer-briefs, tugging them down. Chase lifted his hips, and she slid the garments down to his knees, where he toed them off and kicked them aside. She peeled his shirt over his head, and then shimmied down his body, her soft br**sts brushing his skin. All thoughts left his mind as she took his erection in her mouth. She worked her jeans and panties off while she licked and kissed his cock, and then they were both nak*d together. He let her work his c*ck for a second, and then drew her up so her face was level with his.

"I have plans for you," he told her.

"Oh, yeah?" Her voice was low and sultry, and her eyes hooded.

She rolled over and lay on her back, posing for him. Her palms skittered over her br**sts before moving down to cup her sex, teasing and inviting. "What kind of plans?"

Chase hopped off the bed and dug in a pocket of his suitcase, producing a bottle of lubricant and couple of condoms. "Plans that involve this."

Jamie's eyes widened and her nostrils flared, her tongue running over her bottom lip. "Oh. Oh, god. Okay." She sat up, then moved to her hands and knees.

Chase laughed, crawling across the bed toward her. "Eager, are we?" He curled his hand around her h*ps and drew her to him, so his c*ck slipped, upright, between the firm, soft cheeks of her ass.

She writhed into him.

"Yes..." she breathed. "So eager. You've been teasing me about this for so long."

Chase sucked in a hard breath, pulling his h*ps away to caress her ass with his palms, sinking back on his haunches behind her. "It's not teasing. It's...getting you ready for it."

"I'm ready." Jamie watched him over her shoulder, biting her lip.

"Not just yet," Chase said. He skated his hand over her spine, then around her ribs to cup a breast, working his other hand between her legs to trace her damp heat with one finger. "First, I need this. I need to taste you. Feel you come. I'm so hard for you, I couldn't last long enough to get deep enough, slow enough in your tight little a**hole."

He fingered her clit, feeling her juices begin to flow. He circled the sensitive nub, tweaking a nipple as he did so, and within minutes Jamie was quivering and rocking back into his hand, near to orgasm. Before she came, she reached behind herself and found his cock, guided him into her silky wet folds. He was throbbing already and had to hold back after only a few slow strokes. She began to thrust back into him, and the feel of her ass pushing against him brought him to a boiling point all too quickly. He slowed then, clenching his teeth and forcing himself down. He reached for the lubricant, squirted some onto his fingers and slathered it against Jamie's tight anus, massaging at first with one finger. She moaned in ecstatic relief as he nudged his finger in to the first knuckle, then began to whimper when he worked a second finger in, liberally working her entrance with lube.

"Fuck me, Chase. I want it. Fuck me in the ass."

"Not yet, baby," Chase gasped. "Come for me first."

He began to stroke into her p**sy, sliding his fingers in and out of her ass gently, in sync with his thrusts. She began to buck hard against him, and Chase had to focus all his strength in holding back his own orgasm as she let go, whimpering softly into the blanket as she cli**xed.

He pulled out of her folds then, and reached for the condom. Jamie took it from him, ripped it open, and handed the roll to him. He slid the latex over his cock, gritting his teeth, and then smeared himself with lube.

Jamie craned her neck to watch him. "Now, Chase? Please?"

Chase pulled his fingers out of her slowly, and then settled the tip of his c*ck against her a**hole. "God, yes. Now, my love." He hesitated, though.

Jamie rolled her hips, inviting him. "What is it?"

Chase held her hip in one hand, meeting her gaze. "This is both of our first time for this."

Jamie quirked an eyebrow. "Really? I didn't realize it was yours, too."

"It is. This is something we're doing together."

Jamie swiveled her h*ps into groin. "I'm ready, love." She bit her lip, her hair hanging down to one side, bouncing lightly as she moved. "I need you inside me, baby. I want you in my ass."

Chase searched her eyes for hesitation, trepidation. All he saw was love and desire.

* * *

Jamie watched Chase grip his shaft by the base and gently probe her anus. She forced herself to relax, even though her belly was fluttering with nerves. She wanted this with him. Especially now that she knew it was his first time doing this, too. Lust burned through her, dark and dirty. His fingers inside her back there were always intense, every time. She never came as hard as when he was knuckle-deep in her ass, and she loved the feeling. Now he was finally about to put his c*ck inside her, after weeks of promising.

She admitted, deep down, to being a little afraid. He was huge, and that entrance was small.

She felt a hint of pressure, and tried not to tense. His breathing was ragged, as was hers. A bit more pressure, and then the now-familiar feeling of tightness and penetration and stabbing thrill, shooting pleasure. This was more, though, so much more. She twisted her head back to look at Chase. He had his head thrown back, his spine straight, his thick, beautiful c*ck held in one hand, his other on her hip, steadying her. His eyes were closed tight, sweat streaking his scalp and forehead. His muscles were straining, and she knew he was holding back. He nudged in a little farther, and Jamie felt a gasp escape at the pulsing invasion. She was stretched wide, so wide. It hurt, just a little, but the pain was laced with a lovely thrill, delicious desire, and hot need.

Jamie reached forward and jerked the pillows toward her, stuffed them beneath her belly, propping herself on one elbow. With her other hand, she touched herself, a gentle circling of her cl*t at first. She moaned, and Chase slid in another inch, prompting the moan into a loud groan. He growled, tensing, freezing. She felt herself adjusting, loosening. Her fingers pulled pleasure from her core and sent it out in hot waves, turning the stretching into filthy need.

"More, Chase." She barely recognized the animal growl of her own voice.

He gave her more, slowly. She moved her fingers faster, now, in the confident speed of a woman touching herself, the way only a woman can pleasure herself. Chase let go of his shaft and gripped both hips, then bent slightly over her and tweaked a nipple, once, and it was enough to bring Jamie nearly to the edge. Chase thrust again, and she felt him to be all the way in then. He held still for a moment, gathering himself and giving her time to finish adjusting.

Then he drew back with aching slowness, and Jamie felt a lightning bolt shoot through her, like an orgasm multiplied by a thousand. She shrieked, then bit the comforter, stifling her building scream. Her mouth went wide, but no sound came out.

Chase reached the apex of his pullout, hesitated, then began the slow plunge in. A squeak scraped out of her throat, and Chase took that as encouragement to let the thrust in morph into an immediate withdrawal.

Jamie needed him to move faster. Each slide was an agony of ecstasy, and if only he would give her more, faster, she knew it would get better. Her mind was so scrambled by need, she couldn't get words out of her mouth. She tried to speak, she really did, but all that emerged was a whimper. He plunged in, faster now. He pulled out, paused, and Jamie felt the cold touch of lubricant, and then he stroked in again, incrementally harder. Jamie keened, a high-pitched sound from the back of her throat, and pushed back into him as he thrust in.

"Oh, god, Jamie. Oh, god, you're so tight. So...so f**king tight," Chase growled.

His fingers dug into her h*ps and began to tug her back into his thrusts. Jamie let herself moan, then felt a scream building again. The pressure inside her was a mountain, heavy and overwhelming, huge and sun-hot, fire in her belly, lava in her core. She shook all over, and now she was moving with him.

Jamie shoved the pillows away, stretched her arms in front of her and let go, gave in to need. She rocked into his plunging shaft, a scream bubbling up. His hand slid up her spine, his touch achingly gentle in counterpoint to his rampaging thrusts. Brushing over her shoulders, he tangled his fingers in her thick copper curls, caressing and massaging at first, and then he gripped a fistful and tugged her backward, holding close to her scalp and jerking in time with his thrusts, his other hand still clenching the flesh of her hip. Chase was growling now, wordless and primal, and Jamie matched his feral sounds, gasping and grunting as he slammed into her ass.

"Chase..." His name grated past her lips, dragging more words with it. "Fuck me hard, Chase. Fuck my ass so hard..."

"Jamie, fuck, Jay. I love you." He pulled her back by the hips, hard, giving her a slamming thrust, flesh slapping against flesh, and a scream ripped from Jamie's trembling lips.

The sound of her scream set Chase free, unleashed him. He drove in without restraint now, and Jamie rocked forward as he pulled back, slammed her ass into his body on the in-thrust, crying out as the tensing, shaking, quivering muscles of her buttocks crashed into him.

The pressure was an inferno now, volcanic heat, titanic and unstoppable. She felt the crest rising within her and let her front half go limp on the bed, half-supported one arm, reaching down with the other to touch herself once more.

Now the touch of her fingers on her throbbing cl*t was nearly too much, an overwhelming erotic shock to her shattering system. She was splitting apart, bursting at the seams. Screams were ripping from her throat in staccato ululations, peaking as he plunged deep, hard, and fast, quieting as he drew back. He was roaring nonstop now, a leonine rumble as he began to pump with manic speed and crushing force, and as hard as he was f**king her, Jamie needed more, craved more, lifting up with her core and thighs and slamming down to meet his thrusts.

Lust bled into love, need and desire bled into starvation-like hunger for the way he filled her and stretched her with every thrust. She felt tears squeezing from her eyes, salt drops of overwhelmed ecstasy, pressure of her impending cli**x leaking from her tear ducts.

"Jay...I'm gonna come..." Chase's voice was rough and thick.

She couldn't summon coherency. "Yes...yes!" That was all the sense she could make as she rocked into his thrusts, her fingers a blur on her clit, teeth clamped on her lip so hard she tasted blood.

Chase lost his rhythm, thrusts stuttering and frantic. He drew back, paused, and then slammed home hard enough that Jamie was bumped forward off-balance, then jerked back by his hands at her hips. She let him control her body, acquiescing willingly to his primality, his dominating power exactly what she wanted. He made a sound in his throat, and she felt his c*ck pulse. She came in that instant, screaming louder than she ever had, not caring who heard. The pressure was a tsunami roaring through her, magma rushing through her core, wave after wave clenching her muscles around his cock.

He pulled back and then rammed into her again, throwing her forward, a sustained growl coming from his chest. She was pulled back again and felt another wave of orgasm rolling over her as he blasted into her ass a third time, and this one had them both screaming, his voice even louder than hers.

She felt him thrust once more, softer now, and then a last, soft fluttering push, and then he was still. Jamie couldn't support her weight, not with arms or legs. She was still impaled by him, held up by his hands. She sobbed ragged breaths, whimpering.

"Holy...fuck," Chase gasped.

"Love you...so much," Jamie managed.

She cried out when he began to draw out. He was achingly tender as he withdrew, and she wanted to cry out again when he left the bed and stumbled to the bathroom to toss out the condom and wash his hands. She murmured in pleasure when his heat and weight settled behind her, spooning her. She turned in his arms, and he cradled her close, holding tight for long minutes. Her lips turned up, touched his, and then she let tears of...everything...fall as she lost herself in his kiss.

His hands roamed her back, her hip, her ass, her thigh. She bit his lip when he pulled back, sighing as his fingers tangled in her sweaty curls.

"Did I hurt you?" Chase mumbled.

Jamie took his face in her hands, fixed her eyes on his hesitant brown gaze. "No, love. No." She kissed him with all the affection and tenderness she had. "You were perfect. So incredible. I can't even describe what I just experienced. It wasn't just an orgasm, it was...a super-gasm."

"Good. I kinda lost control." He sighed in relief. "I was worried I'd hurt you."

Jamie reached down and curled her fingers around his softened cock, knowing his refractory period was almost over already. "I love that you lost control. Love it." She bit his chin, then kissed his shoulder, squeezing his c*ck in soft pulses, feeling him harden. "This time, though, I want it slow and gentle and soft. I want to ride you slowly. I'm gonna ride you until you come apart beneath me."

Chase rumbled in laughter, leaving his fingers threaded in her hair, letting her touch him. "Damn, girl. You're insatiable."

"Complaining?" Jamie asked, caressing him into full erection.

"God..hell, no. I love that about you. I love that you initiate as much as I do." Chase tilted so he was on his back, drawing Jamie on top of him. She straddled him low on his thighs, leaning down over him so her br**sts hung down to brush his chest. She kissed him, slowly at first, then losing herself in his mouth, the wonder of his hands on her skin. She sighed into the kiss as he thumbed her n**ples into taut beads. She gasped when he shifted his h*ps so his pelvis applied pressure to her clit, which drove her nearly over the edge from the very start.

Jamie arched her body away from his, fisting his rigid c*ck slowly and gently, then lifted up on her knees and pulled his shaft back toward her. He stilled, her br**sts cupped in his palms, waiting. Jamie knelt above him with his crown poised at her nether lips. Her mouth was slightly open, her breath coming in shallow puffs, her gaze locked on Chase's. One hand propped her weight up on his chest, the other gripped his shaft at the base. His hands tensed, then relaxed, began roaming her body, sliding over her spine, clutching her h*ps briefly, grazing her face and tracing the line of her throat. She waited, waited, the very tip of him nestled between her labia. When his fingers darted down between their bodies to circle and carve and caress her clit, Jamie sank down on his thick length, abrupt and swift, without warning or preparation, moaning on an exhale as he filled her channel. She settled both hands on his shoulders, holding herself still at full impalement, drawing deep breaths, meeting his gaze with unrelenting vulnerability.

She was lost to this man. She'd been telling the truth when she promised him she'd meet him at every show she could for as long as it took. Nothing mattered but him. She shifted her h*ps back and forth, settling him deeper, feeling so full of him, physically and emotionally, and wishing she could be even more filled by him, wishing she could drown in him, hold all of him within her body, let his essence merge with hers.

Chase groaned, fluttering his h*ps in restrained thrusts, wanting to plunge up into her but holding back, relinquishing control to her. Jamie sat back, balancing on her shins, stretching his c*ck away from his body. He moaned, wincing as she pulled him as far away as he could go. He spread his palms on her thighs, fingers digging into the firm muscle and soft flesh. Jamie rose up with her thigh muscles, pulling him nearly out but not relaxing the stretching of his cock. She sank down and rose up once more, then began a slow rolling rhythm with her hips, rocking her core back and forth over his slick, solid shaft. He moaned continuously as she rode him, clutching her thighs and rocking into her.

Jamie kept the pace slow and soft, balancing above him, her eyes locked on his, her hands resting on his on her thighs. Chase traced up her torso with one hand, cupped her full breast, and tweaked the nipple, causing her to gasp in pleasure. His other hand delved down between her thighs to where their bodies joined, one long finger lazily caressing her clit. Jamie began to pulse above him faster as he fingered her closer to cli**x, and she felt his stretched, strained c*ck begin to throb, saw the tension in the lines of his face and the veins in his neck. A crushing pressure ballooned into life within her, centered on her core, and it only built with every stroke of his fingers, every throbbing plunge of his thick shaft inside her soft, sex-slick slit. She was breathless already, and when she came, it was with a gasping, keening cry, arching backward. She clutched her br**sts, one hand resting over Chase's, encouraging his caressing grasp. She rolled and rocked on his body, but still she didn't relax forward.

"Jamie...I can't-can't come like this. I'm-pulled back too far," Chase said, panting.

She smiled wickedly, pinching her own nipple and sliding up and down his c*ck slowly, torturing him, feeling his need for release. "I know, baby," she whispered, bending forward while keeping her h*ps tilted back. "You're not going to come until I'm ready to let you."

Chase arched and humped up, seeking relief, but Jamie followed his movements, keeping him stretched far enough to prevent him from coming. He groaned and grunted, arching into Jamie's still-slow rhythm. His eyes squeezed shut and sweat streamed down his forehead, his breath coming in harsh pants, his fingers fisting in the sheets at his sides. All was forgotten but for his need for release. Jamie watched him carefully, measuring his desperation.

As she sinuously impaled herself on his shaft, she felt yet another cli**x burgeoning inside her, and she pressed two fingers to her aching, hypersensitive nub, skyrocketing the pressure into sudden supernova heat. Her other hand went to her breast, rolling her nipple between her fingers, hard, just this side of painful, and she began to slide on his c*ck with increasing speed. Urgency filled her, frenzy overtook her. This cli**x would be intense, she knew. The pressure was unbearable, fire in her belly, lava in her veins. She held it back, slowing her pace on Chase's body, letting the heat and pressure build yet more.

"Jay...please...fuck, I'm dying. I'm gonna explode." Chase's eyes were feral slits in his face, his voice a rasping growl like a rockslide.

"You wanna come, baby?" Jamie whispered the words, pleased with how sultry she sounded, even to herself. "You wanna come inside my p**sy?"

"Fuck, yes. I need it. Let me go, please. Please."

Jamie tilted her h*ps even farther back until Chase cursed out loud, and then she relaxed the tension slightly, ever so gently. "Beg me," she whispered, each word a breathy moan.

Chase laughed. "I am begging you. Please let me come. I need it. I need you."

"You have me," she said.

"Promise?" His eyes were wide now, brown pools of fire locked on her.

"Yes, Chase. I promise." Jamie tilted and slid up his c*ck so the thick shaft pulling wet against her cl*t shot lightning through her core; then, feeling the cli**x crest inside her, she paused at the apex, his crown between her lips. "I love you. Forever."

"Forever." He tensed, still, frozen, waiting. "I love you."

"Come with me." Jamie fell forward on the last word, slicing her core down around his c*ck in frantic rhythm.

"Oh, fuck, oh, fuck, oh...fuck!" Chase thrashed into her wildly, and she felt his seed spread through her in a flood of wet heat.

She bit his shoulder, meeting him thrust for frenzied thrust, her body flush against his, only their h*ps moving as they cli**xed together. Chase's arms were steel bands around her back, one hand fisted in her hair at her neck, the other curled around her waist, holding her tight against him as he crashed into her core, spurting deep with every thrust, filling her, filling her. She wept against him, overcome by physical sensation and emotional flood tide, love for Chase pounding through her in place of blood, need for all of him firing in place of synapses. She sobbed, heaving in the rhythm of their frantic, pounding pace. She felt her body clench around him, felt her womb contract and her muscles clamp and her core clench.

She felt her her heart expand, and she knew if she hadn't been already, she was irrevocably his.

After a timeless eternity of mutual cli**x, they went still, Jamie collapsed on top of him, still impaled by him, filled by him. His breath huffed in her hair, his fingers toying with tangled curls, tracing her skin, the lines of her hips.

Neither spoke as sleep stole over them. Jamie eventually shifted so he slipped out of her folds, and she slid off him and curled into his arms, more contented than she'd ever been. It seemed every night she spent with him saw her more full of his presence, more contented with life, with love.

She wondered muzzily how she could find any further happiness, how she could be any more wonderfully full of Chase.

7

Chase tried to calm his nerves, tried to force himself into relaxing. It didn't work. He was uneasy, unexplainably anxious. Well, his anxiety was partially explainable: Six Foot Tall was headlining at the Palace of Auburn Hills that night. It was their first headliner venue, and it was their hometown. It was also nearly sold out. The guys were amped, and so was Chase, but the other source of his nerves was less pleasant.

Jamie had been off lately. Just...distracted, almost distant. Snappish, at times. He'd asked her if anything was bothering her on a number of occasions, but she always denied it.

Matters weren't helped by the fact that she'd had the other assistant manager at her work quit, leaving her to cover most of the shifts on her own. She'd only been able to get away to see him twice in the last two months, and most of the time he tried calling her she could only talk for a second, or was so tired she fell asleep while talking. He'd been busy, too, of course. They'd done an interview in Revolver, played on Conan O'Brien's show, as well as their usual aggressive tour schedule.

But none of that mattered to Chase if something was wrong with Jamie.

He sat backstage at the Palace, watching the seats fill up, plucking strings on his guitar. He'd played the guitar most of his life, in a hobby sort of way. He was a singer more than anything, but if he got a few minutes of downtime before shows or on the bus between venues he would pull out his old acoustic six-string and play. He wrote most of Six Foot Tall's songs that way, although he'd never played the guitar on stage for the fans. Kyle, the guitarist, was talented enough for six people, so there was never any reason for Chase to play on stage.

This time around, he was working on a song, but not one for the band. He'd written the lyrics over the last couple of weeks, tweaking them here and there until they were perfect. Now he was putting them to music, and he was almost done putting the finishing touches to the melody. He wasn't sure when he would sing the song, since it was a special piece he'd written for Jamie, and their relationship seemed strained as of late.

He glanced back down at the black-and-white composition book he wrote his lyrics in, made a note, changing a chord. He soon lost himself in the song, and didn't emerge again until he heard someone approaching from behind him. He closed the notebook just as he felt Jamie's arms slip around his neck, and her lips touched his jaw. He reached up over his head and pulled her down for an upside-down kiss. Jamie moved around his body without breaking the kiss, sitting on his legs facing him, and the kiss deepened.

His body responded immediately, thickening against the button fly of his leather pants. Jamie clearly felt his response, shifting on his lap to rub her core against him. He moaned into the kiss, and wished they were alone.

"God, I missed you," Jamie whispered against his lips.

He sighed in relief. "I've missed you, too," he said. "So much. I really love this kind of hello."

Jamie smiled, her lips tightening and curving against his. "Want to go somewhere more private for an even better hello?"

"The bus is empty," he said. "The guys are out to dinner."

"Let's go." Jamie stood up and pulled him up by his hands.

He shrugged his coat on and led her to the tour bus, into his room, locking the door behind them. When he turned around from locking the door, Jamie already had her coat, shirt, and pants off and was clawing at his zipper. He let her strip him nak*d, and then he unhooked her bra and slid down her panties while she stroked his c*ck with her fist. Before he could stop her, Jamie had dropped to her knees and had taken his c*ck between her soft, perfect lips, running her skilled tongue around his tip, caressing his base with her hand and his balls with the other. He let her take him deep a few times, and then when he felt himself rising too fast, he reached down and lifted her up by the arms.

"Enough," he growled. "I need to be inside you. Now."

"Then take me," she breathed.

He kissed her, reaching down between their bodies to stroke her silky, wet folds with his fingers. She was juicy and dripping and incredible, ready for him. He pushed her backward onto the bed, positioned her at the edge of the bed with her legs over his shoulders as he knelt between her thick, powerful, perfect thighs. He felt his c*ck twitch as she gasped when he lapped at her sex, then nearly came when she whimpered again. He licked and flicked her into a frenzy, curling his fingers inside her channel in a "come here" gesture, and she obeyed, coming immediately, arching up off the bed and keening as she fell apart under his mouth. At the crest of her cli**x, Chase rolled Jamie onto her stomach and plunged into her, fisting his hand in her wild, lovely red curls, loose like he loved her hair. She moaned and rocked back into him, humping her back and pushing hard against him.

"Fuck, Jamie. You feel so good."

"Oh, god, Chase. Fuck me hard. I need it. I need you." She settled onto the bed, rising up on her tiptoes and falling down as he thrust up. "Come inside me. Right now. Don't wait."

Chase couldn't help but obey her command, pumping hard, once, twice, a third time, then found his release buried deep inside her, watching sweat bead on her spine. She crawled away from him, up onto the bed, and rolled to her back. He stood panting, slumped forward, breathless and still shuddering with the aftershocks. Jamie spread her thighs apart and held her hands out for him. He slid up her body, his still-hard c*ck pushing easily back into her wet folds. He kissed her lips, one hand planted on the bed next to her face, the other cupping her cheek.

He slipped his tongue between her teeth, sighed in his throat when her feet hooked around his waist. He needed her again, and soon. His hand found her breast, cupped and hefted its weight. He thumbed her nipple, then pinched it.

"Ow, not so hard," Jamie said. "My n**ples are sensitive."

He gentled his touch but found himself wondering at her complaint. She'd never said anything like that before. Usually she liked it when he pinched her n**ples, and he was always careful not to cross the line into real pain. He knew he hadn't pinched her too hard. He went back to kneading and caressing her breast as he kissed her, beginning a subtle shifting of his hips, testing his hardness. She tensed her vag**al muscles around him, and he felt himself hardening. Her br**sts seemed slightly heavier, he thought. He looked at her, took in her beautiful face and lush body.

They definitely seemed bigger. Not that he minded. He caressed her body, stroking her face and sides and belly, and then, his palm pressing over her stomach, he found himself wondering if her belly seemed firmer, harder beneath the padding of silky flesh. He returned his attention to her br**sts, and this time Jamie pulled away from his kiss.

"What?" she asked. "Is something wrong with my boobs?"

He shook his head. "No. They just seem a little bigger than normal. I like it."

Jamie froze, her vivid green eyes searching him. "Are they? I've been really busy lately, so I haven't been working out as much. I might have gained a little weight."

"That wasn't what I-you're beautiful, baby. Perfect. I love your body, love your big br**sts and perfect h*ps and amazing ass."

She smiled, but it seemed forced. "Thanks, babe." She shifted her h*ps and curled her arms around his neck. "Make love to me."

He pushed aside his thoughts and stroked into her. "I love you, Jamie."

She pressed her lips against his shoulder and her body shook, almost as if she was crying. She spoke with her face in his neck, meeting his soft and steady thrusts. "I love you, Chase. So much." She pulled away, and her eyes were wet. "You love me forever? No matter what?"

He frowned, slowing, but she ran her hands down to his ass and pulled him against her, encouraging his faster pace. "Of course. No matter what. Always." He felt himself rising to cli**x, and Jamie's harsh breath and frantic h*ps told him she was close, too. "What's wrong?"

She shook her head. "Nothing. Nothing." She clawed her hands into his ass and jerked at him, as if she needed him closer. "Just make love to me. Don't stop...please...never stop."

He pressed himself hard against her, his base crushing her clit, rolling deep into her. "Never...I'll never stop. I promise. God, Jamie...come with me."

"Yes! God, Chase." She whimpered, buried her face against his neck once more, and held him more tightly than she'd ever done before.

He burst into her, filling her with his seed, thrusting hard several times, feeling her walls clench around him, her legs tense against his thighs, her fingers digging into his ass. She was sobbing, and he knew something was wrong.

He took several deep breaths, then pulled out. "Jamie, baby, what is it? And don't say 'nothing.'"

She shook her head.

"Honey, talk to me."

"I'm fine, Chase."

He pulled her over, cradled her against him. "Bullshit, Jay. Something's up."

She sighed deeply. "I don't want to talk about it right now."

"Are you okay?" He put his fingers to her chin and tilted her face up so he could search her jade eyes. "Are we okay?"

Her eyes wavered wetly, jumping from side to side as she gazed at him. "Yes, oh, god, yes. It's nothing like that. I'm not about to break up with you or anything like that."

He sighed in relief. "Thank god." He glanced back down at her. "Don't put it off till after the show, if that's your plan."

She took his face in her hands and kissed him deeply. "That's not it. I promise you, I vow on my soul that's not it."

"But there's something you're not telling me." It wasn't a question.

She ducked her face then. "Yes, baby. But just trust me, okay? We'll talk after you perform. Please don't worry, okay? It's fine. We're fine. I'm fine. We're all all right."

"You know that's just gonna drive me crazy now, right?" He pulled her against his chest to hide his frustration. "I'm gonna be wondering what's going on."

"Just try to forget it for now, okay? If it was something urgent, you know I'd tell you."

He sighed. "Okay. Fine. But we're going out alone after, and we're talking."

"Absolutely."

They were silent then, Jamie ruminating on whatever was on her mind, and Chase going in circles in his head trying to figure out what it could be.

He dozed with her in his arms, and a thought floated through the back of his head, an idea.

No, he thought. That's not it. It can't be. He held her close, breathing in the familiar scent of her shampoo and her body lotion and the musk of sex. But if it was?

He tried to honestly consider the possibility running through him.

If it was that, I'd be happy. Among other things.

An unknowable amount of time later, he heard a knock on the door. "Chase, dude," came Gage's voice from the other side. "We gotta be onstage to warm up."

"Coming," he rumbled.

Jamie stirred in his arms. "Gotta go already?" she asked sleepily.

"Yeah. You stay here for a while."

She pursed her lips for a kiss, and he gave her one, slow and deep and passionate. "Okay, baby. I'll see you up there. Love you." Jamie pushed his shoulder to get him moving.

Chase forced himself out of bed and got dressed, knowing if he didn't, he'd get lost in her, lost in the kiss, lost in a third round of lovemaking. He slipped out the door with his boots, which he didn't remember taking off in the first place, and glanced back at her. She was dozing with one hand draped over her stomach.

He paused, watching her sleep, wondering.

* * *

Jamie woke up alone in the bed on the tour bus. She stretched lazily, listening to the thump of the distant bass and drums of the opening acts. She crawled out of bed and stepped into her panties, then hooked her bra under her br**sts, spun it around and slipped the straps on, tucking her br**sts into the cups. She put her pants on, but left them unzipped and unbuttoned. There was a mirror on the back of the door, and she examined herself in it, turning sideways to look at herself in profile.

She wondered if he'd noticed the changes in her. Probably. He was observant like that. She ran her hands over her belly-still flat, thank god-then hefted her br**sts. He'd obviously noticed her br**sts, but he might've bought her story about gaining weight. Which she had, just not for the reasons she'd given him. She'd been working out more assiduously than ever, taking up yoga with a vengeance.

She wasn't ready to tell him yet. She knew how important this performance was to him, and she wanted him to put his whole attention on the show. If she told him, he'd be too upset to focus. It was why she hadn't said anything yet. He was consumed with interviews and TV appearances, show after show. Obviously she couldn't tell him via text, and she hadn't been a hundred-percent sure when she'd seen him the last couple of times.

She was sure now, of course. Doctor-verified sure. Nerves and fear fluttered in her belly at the thought.

She wished she knew for sure how he'd react when she told him. God. Would he be happy? Afraid? Mad? The last possibility was the one she feared most. That wasn't like him, but...she couldn't be sure. The band was just starting to reach their true potential. This was the worst possible timing for this news.

For her, too. She'd been shouldering a huge burden at work, taking the place of two people. The GM had hinted that she was being considered for a regional position, which would make Jamie the only real choice for the next GM. Now was not the right time for this.

Except...you couldn't really pick the timing in these sorts of situations, could you?

Jamie finished getting dressed, fighting off panic.

She'd been pretending she was okay, trying to put on a brave face for Chase until the time was right to tell him, but she knew he'd noticed a change in her. Of course, he thought it meant something was wrong with her, or that she was going to dump him. She needed him more than ever, but-if she was going to admit the deep, dark truth-she was terrified he'd leave her to figure this out on her own.

If the pattern her life had taken thus far kept up, that's what would happen. The man she loved would abandon her at the time she needed him most. She didn't think he would. Her gut told her he'd be what she needed, he'd stick around for this. But...the fear remained.

This was the one eventuality she'd always been afraid of. It was why she was always so careful about protection and about taking her pill every day. She didn't need this, didn't want it. Not yet. Maybe not ever.

But now here it was, her worst fear realized.

She slipped her coat on and stepped out into the late December cold, shivering deeper into the wool jacket. A Palace security guard met her halfway across the parking lot.

"Mr. Delany sent me to escort you backstage, Miss Dunleavy." His voice was a throaty croak. The guard was short, stocky, with a bald white scalp and kind dark eyes that hinted at capable confidence.

"Thank you." She extended her hand and shook his. "Jamie."

He squeezed gently but firmly. "Gary."

His smile transformed his face. He wasn't an attractive man, but he had a spark of charisma that drew her, made her like him. She followed him through the Palace underground to the entrance to the backstage area. The last opening act was still performing, a lively local rock band. She found Chase sitting in a dark, lonely corner, plucking at a guitar.

She stood beside him and rested her hand on his shoulder. "I didn't know you played the guitar. How the hell did I not know this?"

He shrugged. "I don't play much. Usually only when I'm writing a song, which I only do on the bus, lately."

"What are you playing?" she asked.

He shrugged again, shook himself, and reached out to close a notebook on a stool in front of him. "Nothing. Just a song."

The notes he'd been playing had been haunting and somehow familiar, even though she knew she'd never heard the song before.

An awkward silence sat between them. He was obviously brooding on the news she hadn't told him.

"Chase, look, I'm not trying to keep anything from you-" she began.

He cut her off. "Then just tell me. Whatever it is, I'd be better of knowing. This not knowing is killing me."

"But this show, it's so important. I don't want anything to get in the way."

He set the guitar down and grabbed her ams. "Nothing about you, nothing about us could ever be in the way."

She nearly caved, nearly told him, nearly blurted out the two heavy words. But she didn't. Afterward. That was the best time. Once he got on stage, everything else would vanish for him. It always did.

When he realized she wasn't telling, he sighed. "Fine. Afterward, then."

He stood up, clearly irritated. The opening band had finished, and the crew was resetting the stage for the main act. Chase's gaze burned into her, digging at her secret. She wanted to tell him.

She rushed into his arms and felt a soft rush of comfort in his embrace. "I love you, Chase. Just hold on to that until we can talk after you're done, okay? I love you, and everything's okay."

Except it's not. She fought back the flood of words bubbling on her tongue.

"Let's go, Chase. We're on!" Gage appeared, smacking Chase on the back.

"Coming." Chase turned and pasted on a grin for Gage, mimicking his best friend's exuberance.

Jamie saw through it, though. He was worried.

She met his eyes when he turned back to her. His dark eyes locked on hers, and she saw a heady, dizzying depth in them. He knows, she realized. Her mouth opened, but nothing came out.

"Just tell me," Chase whispered. "Say it."

She couldn't. The kick drum pounded onstage, and the guitar twanged and whined as Kyle tuned it in.

"Chase! Fucking come on! Hometown headliners, motherfucker!" Gage appeared once more, and this time physically grabbed Chase by the arms and pulled him away from Jamie. Gage met Jamie's eyes and smiled apologetically. "Sorry, Jamie. I'll give him back after the show!"

"I love you!" she called after Chase. "Kick ass!"

He smiled, and then he turned toward the stage and she saw the transformation happen. He shook his head, rolled his shoulders, hung his head back on his neck and drew a deep breath, shaking his hands. Then he stood straight, arms loose at his sides, leonine and powerful and graceful. He strode onto the stage, accepting a wireless mic from a techie on the way.

Jamie found her place just off stage, where she could see everything but remain invisible. The lights were down, thousands of people filling the seats and the boxes and the pit near the stage. The crowd was screaming, shrieking with anticipation. Jamie felt nerves flutter through her at the thought of being out in front of that many people. No, thanks.

A single spotlight clicked on, bathing Chase. He was wearing his signature tight, faded, black leather pants, heavy black combat boots, a white button-down dress shirt with the sleeves ripped off, thick black leather wristbands glinting with silver spikes. His head was freshly shaven, glistening in the spotlight. His gorgeous face was limned in the light, and she could see him composing himself, pushing everything away. He just stood for a moment, bathing in the applause. From her vantage point, she saw him flick a finger at the drummer, a subtle gesture, and the drums kicked into life, a pulsing heartbeat rhythm. The crowd went even crazier. He raised his head, looking out over the sea of people, and the volume of the audience raised even more. They were in a frenzy, and Chase was eating it up, pulling into himself like oxygen.

He spread his arms wide, and Jamie was deafened.

Then Kyle plucked a single string, sending a long, high, wavering note over the crowd, which Gage underscored with a throbbing bass note. Kyle watched Chase, drawing out the single note. Chase slowly brought the mic to his lips, and Kyle held his pick poised over the bridge of his black and red electric guitar. Chase drew a deep breath, held it, mic to his lips, and then on some signal Jamie missed, Kyle brought the pick down to produce a wild rush of noise, a huge, deafening power chord. At the same time, Chase belted a wordless note, half-sung, half-screamed.

And then it was on. The song took off, a popular radio single that everyone knew. Jamie sang along, trying to relax into the show.

Song after song, and Chase was on fire. He was turning his anxiety into heat, energy, and Jamie knew this was their best performance yet.

Finally, one of their artistic numbers came up, a long instrumental song written by Gage and Kyle. Chase stepped offstage and found Jamie.

"You're amazing," she told him, kissing him.

"It felt good. We were on." He was wired, almost vibrating with energy.

"You were on." She rested her hands on his back, meeting his gaze.

The song soared, providing a dramatic counterpoint to the tense silence between them.

"Tell me," Chase said.

"Not yet," she whispered.

The song ended, and the crowd filled the silence with roaring applause. The band left the stage and downed bottles of water, then met for shots. Gage beckoned to Chase, who backed away from Jamie. Gage handed him a shot glass, and the guys all clinked glasses and downed their shots. Chase turned back to Jamie.

"Please," he said. "Tell me. Say it."

The crowd was insane, wild.

Gage appeared. "We gotta go back on."

"One second," Chase said without looking at his friend.

"We don't have a second. They're gonna fuckin' riot, man." Gage looked frustrated, sounded irritated.

"Go," Jamie said.

"No. Tell me."

Jamie squeezed her eyes shut. "Go, Chase. A few more songs. Then we can talk."

Chase took her arms in his hands, ignoring the screaming fans. "I'm not going on until you tell me. Say it."

She was hyperventilating, fear boiling through her. She couldn't resist the pleading note in his voice. A tear slipped down her cheek.

She forced her eyes to his. "I'm pregnant."

He blinked, rocked back on his heels, his fingers loosening on her arms, blinked again, sucked in a deep, ragged breath. Then he blinked fast, as if holding back tears of his own. "I knew it," he said, more to himself. He pulled her against his chest. "You're positive?"

"I saw a doctor. No question. I'm eight weeks."

"Phoenix," Chase said.

"Yeah. Phoenix."

Gage grabbed Chase's shoulders. "I know something heavy just went down, and I'm sorry to interrupt it, but we have to go back on. They're seriously about to f**king riot. Now, Chase."

Chase struggled for composure, clearly fighting emotion. "Jamie, god...I-"

"This is why I wanted to wait. I'm sorry, Chase, I'm sorry-"

"Sorry? Fuck, no. Don't be sorry. I love you. I gotta go, but...shit. Fuck." He kissed her roughly, desperately. "I love you. I love you."

Then he was gone.

8

Chase ran through the last part of the show on autopilot. He felt a distant sense of amazement that he was able to function at all. He was numb. He was terrified. He was shocked. He was thrilled and excited.

He was happy.

He didn't know what he was, too overwhelmed by too many emotions to sort them all.

It all translated into a raging performance of their signature hit, ironically the number he'd written for Anna and performed in Vegas. He'd performed it so many times by this point that all emotional meaning had been leached out of the lyrics. Thank god for that.

The last notes hung in the air, settled over the wild audience like a blanket. The band bowed as Chase introduced them all, and then they began to file offstage. As he passed out of view of the crowd, Chase felt a bolt of inspiration hit him. He knew what he wanted to do. It was crazy, but it was inevitable once the idea hit him.

He grabbed his guitar and a little black box he'd been carrying around for almost two weeks. The house lights had started to come up, but then the tech saw Chase onstage with a guitar and lowered them, hit him with a spotlight. The crowd froze, returning their seats. Offstage, confused whispers echoed.

He turned, beckoned a stage tech over, and whispered a few requests. The tech scurried away and returned with a guitar amp cord, a mic stand, and two stools.

Chase adjusted the stand, plugged in the guitar, and then turned to the crowd. "This is unplanned, me being out here alone. I hope you'll bear with me for a few minutes." He lifted the guitar in a gesture. "A little-known fact about me is that I play the guitar. I don't play on stage because, shit, you've all heard Kyle. The guy can shred better than anyone I know, so why would I bother? But...this is a special occasion."

The crowd howled and clapped, then fell silent when Chase lifted his hand. "As you may be aware, this was our first show playing as the headlining band, which, of course, is f**king huge. Right? And we're all from the D, so it's extra special. You guys are awesome. I know I speak for the rest of the band when I say there's nothing like playing at home. And to be here? In the Palace? It's a dream come true. So yeah, special occasion." The crowd went nuts again, and Chase had to quiet them. "But that's not why I'm out here alone with my guitar. You guys are about to hear a song no one has ever heard before. Not even the other guys in the band. Will you let me play you my song?"

They screamed, and several yells of "yes!" rose above the din.

"Awesome," Chase said, readjusting the mic, fidgeting with the tightening knob, then strumming a chord. "This song is for Jamie. In fact, I think you guys need to meet Jamie. She's the love of my life, and she should be sitting here with me when I sing this. Jamie, come on out."

Gage appeared, pushing a stunned, terrified Jamie. She sat on the stool next to Chase, her green eyes wide.

Chase took her hand, whispered in her ear. "Just sit there and be beautiful, okay? You don't have to do anything but look at me and listen, okay? Just listen. This is what I was playing earlier."

Jamie nodded, sucking in deep, shuddering breaths.

Chase turned on the stool and moved the mic so he was half facing the crowd and half facing Jamie. Into the mic he said, "I've been working on this song for a while now, and waiting for the right opportunity to sing it to Jamie. Initially the plan was for it to be at a picnic or some shit, somewhere romantic where it was just us. But..." He glanced at Jamie and offered her a bright smile, "...but Jamie gave me some...news just a little bit ago, and that changes everything. Everything. So here it is.

"It's called 'A Six-word Spell.'"

Chase cleared his throat, then picked a simple but haunting melody on the guitar. He met Jamie's eyes and began singing in a high, clear voice, at the upper end of his register.

"A skein of kisses

Trails from my heart to yours,

Tangling our souls one with the other

In an endless web of heat and desire.

I hold you tight and whisper as we kiss,

You clutch me close with desperate fingers

As we drowse in the afterglow,

Drowning delightfully in satiety."

He paused in his singing and repeated the opening notes as an instrumental chorus, eyes locked on Jamie, his gaze unwavering and fierce. He saw the emotion in her eyes, the wonder and hope and stunned confusion. She glanced out at the crowd, then back at him. He smiled at her, then returned his lips to the mic and resumed singing.

"The days and moments and weeks that went before this night

Are but a dream, lost and burnt by the fire between us.

And now all that remains is love,

Our fingers twined as we sleep,

Our hearts beating as one.

Apart from you, I bleed.

Without you I mourn.

How can I bind you to me?

How can I seal closed the spaces between us?

With a six-word spell, a vow spoken:

'With this ring, I thee wed.'

Marry me, my love.

Be my forever."

Chase repeated the chorus notes again, playing through his own emotion, fighting a thickness in his throat, stinging in his eyes. Jamie's face was streaked by a flood of tears. Chase let the guitar go silent, set it down on the stage, and slipped off his stool, grabbing the mic from the stand. He had the little black box in his hand, and he sank to his knees in front of Jamie. She put her hands over her mouth, shoulders shaking.

"Jamie, I know this is totally crazy. This is probably not a really typical way to do this, but...it's the only way I know. And...I love you. Too much to let another day go by. That song was my proposal." He opened the box to reveal a one-carat, princess-cut diamond ring, simple but beautiful. "Will you marry me?"

The crowd lost it, and Jamie's whispered "yes" was lost in the screams and applause. Chase heard it, though, read it on her lips and on her face. He stood up and scooped her against his chest, holding the mic away so it didn't thump noisily. He kissed her, to the delight of the audience. He heard a question shouted by someone near the stage and lifted the mic to his lips.

"Oh, I didn't tell you what the news is, did I?" He glanced at Jamie, lifting his eyebrow in a silent question. She shrugged and nodded, laughing. "Well, the news is, Jamie is pregnant. We're going to be parents together. Now, just so there aren't any questions from you guys or from her, I was writing this song with the intention of proposing well before Jamie told me she was pregnant."

Jamie laughed, almost hysterically. She took Chase's hand, gazing at the ring on her finger, then glanced out at the crowd, which hadn't stopped screaming since the moment Chase asked the question. She leaned close to his ear and whispered, "Get me off this stage, Chase. I need you alone."

He grinned at her and looked back out at the crowd. He took her hand in his, turned them to face the crowd, and raised their joined hands. "I love you, Detroit. Thanks for putting up with my sappy proposal song. I hope you liked it." They screamed their approval. "Now, if you'll excuse us, we have some celebrating to do."

The screaming went on and on, well after Chase and Jamie had left the stage and the house lights had risen.

The moment they were offstage, Jamie shoved Chase with all her strength against the wall, slamming him into it so hard his breath left him in a huff. He was stunned by her sudden fierceness, looked into her eyes. The intensity he saw in her jade-green orbs left him breathless.

She kissed him hard, kissed the hell out him. Kissed him so fiercely he couldn't breathe, couldn't do anything but kiss her back.

"Did you mean it?" Her voice was a harsh, ragged whispered plea.

"Did I-? Yes, Jamie. I love you. I love us. I want to marry you."

"But not just because I'm pregnant with your child?"

"God, no. No. That just made me want to marry you even sooner. Now. Tomorrow. Next week. I don't know when. But...you're mine. And I want you to be mine forever."

"I am yours forever. I just...I was so scared." She ducked her head. "I'm still scared."

Chase laughed, a nervous chuckle. "Me, too. You're pregnant. We're having a baby. I don't know shit about fatherhood. This is...so unexpected."

"I know, I know it's bad timing, and I'm sorry but-"

"Don't apologize. Never apologize. This is perfect. Just like you." He pinned her with an intense stare. "You weren't afraid I would...that I'd run, or something, were you? That I'd leave you to raise our child alone?"

Jamie shook her head. "No, I know you better than that. But it was still scared of it. I couldn't help it." She laughed and cried at the same time. "This is just the worst possible timing. Your band is bigger than ever and still growing, especially with how this show went, and I'm about to be promoted to GM at work, and...I'm not ready. I don't...I don't know how to be a wife, or a mother. I never thought I'd get married. Really really never thought I'd be a mother. I don't know how. I'm not even sure I want to, but I'm going to be, like it or not."

"Unexpected, yes. Unwanted? No. I'm not ready, either. But we can do this together. Okay?" He took her cheeks in his palms, drew her close to him, and kissed her, gently and carefully. "I'm happy you're pregnant. Scared shitless, but ready to take this on with you."

Jamie thunked her head against his chest and went limp. "Thank god. I didn't know what you'd say. I didn't know-god. I've been so scared for so long."

Chase led her into a walk, took her to the bus and into his room. They needed privacy. Chase felt his own emotions spiraling out of control, needed time alone with her to process. To hold her.

To make love to her.

He pulled her down onto the bed with him and held her close. She nestled in his arms, then turned her bright gaze on him, her eyes burning.

"I need you," she whispered. "Take me."

* * *

Jamie's heart was pounding a million miles an hour. As if they hadn't made love a hundred, hundred times by now, as if she didn't know every inch of his body. As if she hadn't felt him settle above her just like this a thousand delicious times. She watched him peel off his clothes, lifted up to let him strip her, watched, rapt, as he stood, raking her body with his gaze. She couldn't take her eyes off his erection, pink skin ridged and purple-veined, broad head dark with rushing blood. He simply stood, breathing, each breath causing his c*ck to bob, beckoning her touch.

She resisted the call, waiting for him. She wanted his touch, wanted to follow his lead. Before Chase she'd always been the one setting the pace, initiating and leading, hoping the flavor of the night could keep up with her. They never could; they could only try to last long enough to make it worth her time.

Chase? Oh, god. He led her-he set the pace and took away the need for her to make decisions in the bedroom. She could trust him, wait for him, follow him. She could lie on her back and just breathe, knowing without a doubt Chase would take her to heaven and back.

She held her breath as he knelt on the bed and crawled over her. She forced her anticipation-tense body to relax as he prowled on all fours between her thighs, his eyes dark and predatory, his thick, heavy muscles rippling. She lifted her chin, arched her back up into his touch, sucking in a breath as his palms skated across her belly.

The look on his face told her what he was thinking. She stilled his hand on her womb, her palm on his, breathing deep and watching his eyes shine. The gleam of love turned to the glint of lust, and Jamie led his hand down her belly, over her pubis, guided his fingers into an inward curl, her eyes going hooded as he took the cue, took her away from now and into ecstasy. He captured both of her hands in his and raised them over her head, lifting her br**sts to his lowering mouth. His hand left her wrists, and she forced herself to remain as he'd placed her. His hand traced a line down her cheek; his mouth sucked her nipple into an elongated ribbon of shooting heat, and his fingers curled against her core and sent lightning thrilling through her womb. He pinched her nipple in his fingers, and now he set a complicated rhythm of suckling, curling, and pinching, a fiery trinity of sensation blazing like a comet through her body.

She fell willingly over the edge, bucking against his touch, biting her lip to remain silent. Chase didn't take mercy on her, kept her writhing with his mouth on her taut nipple, and as she crested the wave of her cli**x, he sliced into her, sent her juddering over the edge once again. He pulsed into her, deep and slow, lips worrying her nipple, fingers rolling the other, his h*ps pistoning with gentle force.

He knew what she needed, and he gave it to her. He raised his head and settled his torso against hers, cradled her head beneath his strong arms, held her in a hot embrace and moved with her, breathing her name in her ear, a prayer to their mutual pleasure. He met her eyes, locked gazes with her as they slid and slipped and tangled together, her arms scraping over his broad shoulders and lean waist, her feet catching at the tensing and releasing muscles of his ass, her lips stuttering on his neck and his stubble-rough jaw, her breath coming in hard gasps as he took her to new heights of need.

There were no words, no cries or screams or moans, only synchronous breaths in the silent room, only the sweat-slick sliding of trembling limbs and eyes locked in an unwavering meeting of souls.

They came in unison, each gasping the other's name, the only spoken words.

There was no talk after that, either. Only fingers tangled and resting on her belly, their eyes staring at her womb. Jamie's thoughts were running in circles, incredulity at the life growing inside her, fear of screwing up, fear of not being enough, joy at Chase's crazy, romantic proposal, at his unflinching devotion to her. His bone-deep knowledge of exactly what she needed and his ability to make her feel loved and cherished and protected in a way uniquely Chase's.

She heard his breathing change and turned her eyes to his face, relaxed and handsome in repose. Her thoughts wandered back to before the concert. He'd been the rock star, taking her with fierce, forceful, erotic power, and then he'd taken the stage with the same dominant charisma, working the already-pumped crowd into a frenzy. He'd bled out on the stage, left pieces of his soul in the audience's ears. Then, when she'd spilled the news to him, he'd turned an arena into a coffee shop, transforming instantly from rock star into singer-songwriter, using a simple, beautiful song to move every heart in attendance.

She held her hand up so the light caught the diamond and sparkled brilliantly. She felt an overwhelming rush of joy and fear bolt through her at the significance of the ring.

She let sleep steal over her, knowing Chase would wake up soon and want to go out with her.

Her last thought before succumbing to unconsciousness was, What am I going to tell Anna?

9

Jamie clenched her hand into a fist in a vain attempt to still the trembling. I can do this, she told herself. No, she couldn't. But she had to. She was distantly aware of the bright beauty of downtown Rochester, every building bathed in multicolored strings of lights. The streets were busy, bustling with bundled shoppers, breaths puffing white in the cold December air. Christmas was a few days past, and Jamie had spent it with Chase. They'd both been introduced to each other's families, which was fine. Chase's mother was kind, small, dark-haired, with the same intense brown eyes as Chase. His father was absent from his life, a story Chase had shared late one night in a hotel in Indiana. His father had left with another woman when Chase was thirteen, and that had shaped his young mind and heart. It had also nearly destroyed, Kelly, his mother.

Chase had bought his mother a condo and a car, sent a huge check to her every month. He called her once a week.

Jamie's family was a bit more awkward an experience. Her father and mother were still together, somehow, but she didn't see them very often. She had a strained, almost nonexistent relationship with them, which was putting it nicely. Her parents had always made it clear they considered her a disappointment, when they bothered with her at all. Her mother had, during the last holiday get-together argument, called her a whore. Of course, her mother was the one strung out on prescription painkillers at the time, and her father stank of cheap perfume-the kind prostitutes wore.

Jamie had left and hadn't seen her parents since.

Chase knew all this, and had still been willing to go with her for a Christmas Eve dinner. The shock on their faces when she'd introduced Chase Delany-whom even they had heard of-as her fiance and the father of her unborn baby had been worth the awkwardness.

Chase's mom, however, had taken the news with joy, hugging Jamie like a daughter and asking a thousand questions about pregnancy to which Jamie didn't know the answers.

Now Jamie was about to meet with Anna.

Jamie pulled into a parking spot and made her way into Gus O'Connor's. Anna was sitting at a high-top, sipping diet Coke from a straw. That's odd, Jamie thought. Anna's not drinking wine. They'd agreed to meet at Gus's, which had long been a favorite hangout of theirs. They always split a bottle Kendall Chardonnay.

Jamie hugged Anna and sat down across from her. Anna seemed even happier than usual, glowing, almost. The server appeared, and Jamie ordered a diet Coke and a burger. As the server left to put in their order, Jamie noticed a puzzled expression cross Anna's face. Much like the one that had probably crossed her own, Jamie reflected.

"So, I have some big news," Anna said, grinning from ear to ear.

Jamie knew instantly what Anna was about to say. "I have some news, too, but you go first."

Anna's features flickered in consternation, then shifted back to joy. "Okay, so you can't tell anyone yet, since only Jeff knows, but...I'm pregnant!"

Jamie smiled and squealed with Anna, asked the right questions about due dates and whether she thought it would be a boy or girl. She was happy for Anna, she really was, but in light of what Jamie had to say to Anna, her excitement was largely a show for Anna's benefit.

Finally, after they'd both eaten, Anna pushed her plate aside with a sigh. "Okay, hooker. Spill it. You said you have news, too."

Jamie twisted her paper napkin between her fingers, struggling for calm. "Well, um. It's kind of a twofold thing." Jamie had been trying to keep her left hand out of sight for most of the meal, and now she set her palm on the scuffed wooden tabletop in front of Anna. "Chase proposed."

Anna blinked, and then her eyes widened. "Omigod!" She seemed more stunned than happy. "He did? Omigod. Jamie, that's...that's wonderful! That ring is gorgeous!"

Jamie grinned, a real smile this time. "Yeah, it is. Wonderful, I mean. And the ring is beautiful."

Anna's eyes narrowed, her gaze zeroing in on the diet Coke Jamie was sipping on at that moment. "Oh...shit. You didn't order Coke just because I did, did you?" She leaned forward, both hands on the table, her eyes blazing. "You're pregnant!"

Jamie ducked her head. "Yeah. Nine weeks."

Anna sank back in her chair, clearly trying to process the news. "So he proposed when he found out he'd knocked you up, huh?"

Jamie physically flinched. "No!" She scrubbed her face with her palms. "Well, yes, but it wasn't like that. He was going to propose anyway. He...it was-I'm happy, Anna. Be happy for me, can't you?"

"I'm just shocked, Jay. I don't know what to think. It was hard enough when I heard you'd slept with him. Now this? It's just a lot." She averted her gaze to the table. "If you're happy, then I'm happy for you."

"I am happy. I'm scared, I'll admit. I wasn't expecting this. Husbands and babies? Never thought they'd be in my future, but yet...now I can't imagine anything else. It just seems okay, with Chase. It's scary, but I know it'll be okay."

Anna nodded. "I know what you mean. I'm married to Jeff and everything, but I'm still scared. I don't know how to be a mom. I'm still learning how to be a wife."

Jamie tilted her head. "How is being a wife different from being a girlfriend?"

Anna laughed. "It's totally different. If you're dating someone, you know, in the back of your head, you can always just break up if things go wrong. You know, even if you're afraid of the process of breaking up, that you'll be able to move on. But once you're married, it's permanent. It's legal. Getting a divorce is messy and difficult and expensive, if nothing else. And...there's an element aside from all that. I'm his wife. I want to make him happy. I want to be everything he needs. It's not gender role thing, or a Leave It to Beaver thing. I'm not June Cleaver by any stretch of the imagination. But I still want to be the best wife I can be for Jeff. Maybe that makes me old school, or traditional, or oppressed by some women's standards. But it's what I want."

Jamie didn't answer for a long time. When she did, her voice was hesitant. "See, I don't even know where to start with all that. You know, for all the sleeping around I did before Chase, I've never lived with a boyfriend. I've never had a boyfriend long enough for that to be a consideration. Living with you was different. We were roommates, and we barely saw each other at home. I don't know the first thing about being married. Am I supposed to do his laundry and cook his meals? He's a rock star. I don't know how being married to him is supposed to work. I don't know how to be a mother. I'm terrified of how bad giving birth is going f**king hurt. I'm-I'm happy, but I'm scared."

"Don't take this the wrong way, but I'm just worried all this with Chase and you is happening too fast. He's a man on the move. He was just on Conan O'Brien, for fuck's sake. Headlining concerts, sold-out concerts, at that. How is he supposed to be a father? A husband? I'm not gonna lie-I'm worried, Jay."

"You think I'm not?" Jamie snapped.

"But this is what you want?"

Jamie sighed, holding back tears. "Yes. I love him. But regardless of what I want, I'm pregnant with his child, Anna. And he's not gonna just run off, you know that as well as I do. He wrote this song for me, and it was how he was going to propose. He had the ring and everything, for, like, two weeks. And then I found out I was pregnant but didn't tell him right away, because he was touring and it just never seemed like the right time, and I was scared of how he was going to react and-and then the show at Palace happened. He was so amazing, Anna. You should have seen him. But he knew something was up with me, and I didn't want to tell him until after the show, not wanting to distract him or whatever."

"But that didn't work," Anna said.

"No, that didn't work. He looked so torn up by whatever it was he was thinking I was gonna tell him. I think he kinda suspected. So I told him, right near the end of the show. Right in the middle of the f**king concert."

"Like, he was onstage when you told him?"

"No, dumb-ass," Jamie laughed. "He was offstage during an instrumental number the rest of the band was doing. He pulled me aside and begged me to tell him what was wrong. So I did. Then Gage dragged him back on to finish the concert, which he did. I don't know how, but he did."

"He's a consummate performer, if nothing else. The man knows what he's doing onstage, I'll give him that."

"So then the show ended and the lights were going up and everything. I mean, people were getting up to leave, and Chase just swaggers out on stage with a guitar."

"He plays the guitar? I didn't know that."

"Yeah, neither did I, oddly. I mean, he's a singer, and he writes all their songs, so I guess it shouldn't be too much of a surprise, but it was. So he gets a mic and a stool and plugs in the guitar and goes into this whole bit about how he doesn't usually do this kind of thing but it's a special occasion."

"Oh, shit. I think I know where this is going."

"Yeah, it's going there. So then he calls me out onstage with him. In front of a sold-out Palace crowd. Me. And then he sings this incredible song, which ended with him proposing, in the song. The song was the proposal. And then he showed me this ring and I said yes and we kissed on stage in front of thousands of people...god, Anna. It was the craziest thing that's ever happened to me. And he'd been planning on proposing that way all along, just not in front of a huge crowd, I guess. But then he found out I was pregnant and just couldn't wait."

Anna shook her head. "That would have mortified me, but...it works for you, I think."

"I was shitting myself, Anna. It was sweet and romantic and incredible, but...terrifying. I'm not even a performer like you."

They sat in silence for several long minutes, each thinking.

Then Anna spoke. "So we're going to have babies together, Jay. You realize that? I'm a little over nine weeks myself."

"That's crazy, Anna. You and me, both with men, both about to have babies. At the same time."

Anna threaded her fingers through Jamie's. "BFFs, Jay. This thing with you and Chase is tough, but...You're clearly happy with him, so all I can do is be happy for you. We'll be fine. It'll be fine, right? Our men will learn to be friends, and Chase and I will get over the awkwardness, right?"

"There's only one thing to do at this point, you know that, right?" Jamie took a deep breath. "We have to go on a double date."

Anna's eyes widened. "You do remember that Jeff punched Chase, right?"

Jamie winced. "It might be a little awkward, yes."

Both women giggled nervously at the prospect.

* * *

Chase tried to ignore the butterflies in his stomach as he and Jamie followed the hostess back to the booth in Andiamo's where Anna and Jeff were waiting. He held Jamie's hand loosely, forcing himself not to clench her hand as tightly as he could.

"Hey, it's gonna be fine," Jamie said.

"Yeah. I know."

"Just breathe and be yourself, okay?"

"It's been more than a year since I saw her last, and a lot has changed since then," Chase said. "In my head, I know it's fine. But I just can't help being nervous."

Jamie just squeezed his hand. Anna and Jeff both stood up as Chase and Jamie approached. Chase eyed Jeff warily, resisting the urge to rub his jaw where Jeff had decked him. Jeff seemed relaxed, but the tension in the corners of his eyes betrayed his nerves. Anna had always worn her heart on her sleeve, so Chase could easily see that she was every bit as nervous as he was.

Chase shook Jeff's hand, then turned to Anna. "Hi," he said.

His hands hung loosely at his sides. He wasn't sure if he should hug her or not, and Anna seemed just as confused. He settled for leaning in from far away and giving her the kind of hug he'd give to a great-aunt he didn't see but once every few years: careful, hesitant, and awkward.

"Hi," Anna said, stepping away.

Her jaw was tight, Chase saw. She was taking slow, careful breaths, hands at her sides, rubbing her dress as if to dry sweaty palms.

"You look great," Chase said. "Jamie told me you and Jeff are expecting, so...congratulations."

"Thanks. Yeah, we're pretty happy." She glanced at Jeff, seemed to draw strength from his presence. "I hear double congratulations are in order for you and Jamie. Engaged and pregnant."

"Yeah, thanks..."

Jeff pinched the bridge of his nose, groaning. "You two are so awkward right now, it's making me nervous." He put his hand on the small of Anna's back. "As much as I hate to suggest this, the only way for any of us to enjoy dinner is if you and pretty boy here go and talk this out. Get the awkward shit out of the way."

Chase rolled his eyes at the nickname, then nodded. "You're probably right, cowboy." He and Anna went to the bar, found seats side by side. "Mind if I have a drink?" he asked.

"No, go ahead. I could use one, but I'm saving my one half-glass of wine allowance for after dinner."

Chase ordered a whiskey on the rocks, and they sat in silence while the bartender poured it. Chase took a sip, then turned sideways on the barstool and faced Anna. "You really do look great, Anna. You're glowing."

She laughed. "Everyone says that about pregnant women, and I have to admit, I don't see what the hell people are talking about. Jamie looks happy, but glowing?"

Chase shrugged. "It's kind of a stupid phrase, isn't it? I mean, clearly you're not actually glowing, 'cause that'd be weird."

"Yeah, probably not too great for the baby, either."

They laughed together, and the tension seemed to ease. Then Anna drew a deep breath, and Chase knew the serious part of the talk was about to happen.

"I don't know if I believe that everything happens for a reason, but I want to preface this by saying that I'm glad things happened the way they did. I wouldn't change anything-"

"I wouldn't, either-"

"Let me finish," Anna cut in. "What I need to say is that I'm sorry for not giving you a chance to explain, back in New York. It seems like a million years ago, like it happened to someone else. But the fact remains, I wasn't fair to you."

Chase let out a breath he hadn't known he was holding, a breath he felt like he'd been holding since that day in New York. "Thank you, Anna. You can't know how much that means to me." He found her gray eyes with his, shocked by how familiar, yet how foreign, her eyes were to him, after all this time. "I didn't do anything with them, you know. Not that it changes anything, but...you should know. Those girls were coming on to me. I was pushing them away."

"I know that now. But then, all I saw was the thing I was most afraid of, happening. I heard you say something about not wanting me to find out, and-"

"What I was going to say was, 'I don't want Anna to see this and think I'm cheating on her.'" He sipped his whisky. "I was really mad for a long time, Anna. I felt so wronged, you know?"

"Like I said, I'm sorry. I didn't give you a chance to explain, then or later. But...I don't think it would have worked with us, even if there wasn't Jeff in the picture."

Chase nodded. "Yeah, you're probably right."

Anna paused for a long moment, then said, "Chase...do you still have feelings for me? Truly?"

He set the tumbler down and stared into the amber depths. "Now? No. Is there some tiny part of me that wonders what might have been? Sure. A tiny part. But the rest of me knows that if you left like you did, then we weren't meant to be. If you had wanted it to work, then you would have given me a chance to explain." He met Anna's eyes. "Do you, for me?"

"Like you said, there's a tiny part of me that wonders, but it's so insignificant in comparison to the way I love Jeff, and the way I already love this little life inside me, that it doesn't even matter."

Chase nodded his agreement, feeling the same way. He let himself really look at Anna. He could admit to himself that he was still attracted to Anna on some physical level, since she was a beautiful woman and was glowing with the shine of pregnancy, but it was the kind of attraction a guy would feel for a movie star, distant and idle. He'd been worried that if he saw Anna all he would be able to think of was the time they'd spent together. He was worried he'd have images of her in his head, the way they'd been together.

That wasn't there, though. All he saw was Anna, his fiancee's best friend. Those images had long ago been scoured away by the force of Jamie in his mind, in his soul, in his heart, in his body. If he closed his eyes and thought of sex, all he could see was Jamie, green eyes bright and copper curls wild as she came apart beneath him. There had never been anyone else but her.

"So we can be friends?" Anna asked.

"Friends," Chase answered, shaking her hand.

There was no spark when their hands touched, no electricity between them. He finished his whiskey, and they went back to the table, finding Jamie and Jeff deep in discussion about some movie or another.

The rest of the dinner was comfortable. There were still some awkward silences, but it was clear the bulk of the brooding tension everyone had been worried about had dissipated.

When they all parted, Chase gave Anna a hug, a real hug this time. "I'm happy for you," he said to her. "All I ever wanted was for you to be happy, and to see your own worth. Now you do, and I'm-I'm happy for you."

Anna stepped away from him, toward Jeff, but she kept her eyes on Chase, a tear shining in one eye. "You did, Chase. You helped me see my own worth, and that was a priceless gift. So...thank you."

She turned away before he could respond, and he was glad.

Jamie twined her fingers in his, gazing up at him as he watched Anna and Jeff drive away.

10

Jamie tried unsuccessfully not to fidget while Kelly Delany adjusted the pins holding her veil in place. She couldn't help shifting in the chair, however. She was jittery with nerves and excitement. More excitement than anything else.

"Hold still, Jamie," Kelly hissed. "I've almost got it, if you would just sit still for five seconds."

"I'm sorry, Kelly. I'm just excited."

"Of course you are. But unless you want to marry my son with your veil half on, you'll sit still."

Jamie drew a deep breath and let it out slowly, closing her eyes and picturing Chase in his tuxedo. She tried not to picture herself helping him out of it; she wasn't quite successful in this, either, and she felt her belly flutter and her core grow warm at the images running through her head. She must have shifted unconsciously, because Kelly hissed as a pin came loose. Finally the veil was in place, and Kelly was standing back, admiring her handiwork. Jamie finally allowed herself to stand up, turn in place, and look at herself in the mirror.

She wore a strapless, high-waist dress, the material gathered beneath her br**sts and draping over her curves. Her belly was obvious beneath the dress, but it still managed to conceal the slight bump while flattering her figure. Her hair was mostly down, the curls brushed to a shine and teased and sprayed into a luxurious fall of springy copper ringlets, just the curls around her face drawn back behind her head. She fought a rush of tears at her own reflection, at the realization that she was about to walk down the aisle and marry Chase.

She breathed deeply, pushed the welter of emotions down, and turned back to Kelly. "Thank you so much, Kelly. I don't know what I would have done without you."

Anna returned from the bathroom at that moment, and immediately held a crumpled Kleenex to her eyes. "Jay, you look-" she sniffed back tears. "You look incredible. So beautiful. You're gonna take his breath away."

"I hope so."

"I know so. Hooker, you sexy." Anna frowned. "I probably should stop calling you that, huh? Now that you're being made an honest woman."

Jamie glared at her best friend. "If you stop calling me 'hooker,' we'll be fighting. How am I supposed to know you're my best friend if we don't call each other names?"

Anna laughed and pulled Jamie into a hug. "Seriously. You look stunning. I can't believe you're about to get married."

"Me, neither. Now let go before you mess up my veil. Kelly might kill you if you mess it up," Jamie said, backing away.

"Fine, ho."

"Shut up, bitch."

Anna smoothed her dress over her belly. "Two pregnant women hugging. That's awkward."

"You're awkward."

Kelly stepped between them, fluttering her hands. "Enough, you two. We have a wedding to get on with."

Jamie took a deep breath, sobering. "Lead the way, Mom-to-be."

Kelly and Anna walked ahead of Jamie, leading her to the double doors leading into the chapel. Jeff was waiting by the doors, rugged and handsome in his tuxedo. Jamie took his proffered arm, let out another deep breath, then nodded. Kelly and Anna pushed open the doors, preceding Jamie down the aisle.

In the months between Christmas and the wedding date, things between Jamie and her parents had grown worse, a combination of jealousy over Jamie's happiness, hypocritical disapproval of her being pregnant and unmarried, and just plain cantankerousness. Eventually, Jamie had made the decision to have Jeff give her away at the wedding, and left her parents out of it. The moment she made the decision, she'd felt a weight fall away from her, and the well of happiness inside her had only grown deeper. Her parents had never been much to her besides a source of trouble and hurt, so the decision to stop trying completely had been a relief.

Now she walked down the aisle at a stately pace, the wedding march played by live string quartet. The chapel pews were about half-filled, mostly with Chase's friends and family. Jamie's aunt and uncle on her mom's side had shown up by invitation, and a few of her other friends, most notably Lane and his partner Matty. There was no bride and groom's side, although Chase's band and their girlfriends took up a large portion of the chapel on the right side.

Her eyes found Chase's. He looked stunned, his eyes wide, jaw slack, gaze wavering in shocked adoration. Jamie felt a hot bolt of desire for him. That need-it was always there, simmering just beneath the surface. No matter how much time she spent with him, her hunger for his sculpted body and skilled hands and hot mouth never lessened.

If anything, she wanted him more than ever with every passing day.

His eyes raked over her a second time, and this time she saw the tender lover give way to the fierce fires of lust. She took his hands when she reached him, only halfway hearing the words passing around her. She barely heard as the minister spoke the words, and although she reacted in the correct places, her attention was focused on Chase, on his chiseled features, high cheekbones and strong jaw, blazing brown eyes and simple black plugs in his gauged ears, plain black leather bands circling his wrists beneath the sleeves of his tuxedo. His head was freshly shaved, gleaming in the light. His arms stretched the material of the suit, custom cut to fit his powerful physique like a glove.

The service passed quickly, to Jamie. They exchanged the standard vows, which Jamie made it through dry-eyed.

Then, after the minister pronounced them man and wife and they'd kissed, Chase turned to Jamie with a grin. "I proposed to you with a song, so it only makes sense that I marry you with one," he said.

A guitar was brought to him from somewhere, and he slipped the strap over his head, strummed the strings with the pick, adjusted the tuning a bit, and then took a deep breath, letting it out slowly. He strummed again, then set about picking the tune of song he'd proposed to her with. A YouTube video of his proposal song had surfaced and gone viral, so many people in the pews had probably heard it already, but Chase had a way of capturing attention and keeping it, no matter what he did.

He sang the song through, his eyes never leaving Jamie's. Then he got to the ending lines, which Jamie realized he'd altered slightly to suit the occasion. Now he sang,

"How did I bind you to me?

How did I seal closed the spaces between us?

With a six-word spell, a vow spoken:

'With this ring, I thee wed.'

You married me, my love.

You are my forever."

Now Jamie's emotions, contained up to this point, burst free. She flung herself at Chase as the last notes hung in the air, and he slung the guitar by its strap around his back to wrap her in his arms. He pressed his lips to hers and devoured her mouth, then pulled away, whispering, "I love you, Jamie Delany."

She grinned at the sound of her name joined with his, but she was still crying too hard to speak the words back. She just pressed her cheek to his and let him guide her out of the chapel. He stood with her on the steps in the bright spring sunshine, his arms strong around her. Now, alone with him, albeit briefly, she was able to speak.

"I love you so much, Chase. So much." She rested her chin on his chest and gazed at him, letting her eyes take on a lustful, playful burn. "You look so hot in that tux, by the way."

Chase rumbled in laughter. "You, in that dress...I'm not sure how I'm gonna make it through the reception without pinning you against a wall and f**king your brains out."

Jamie smiled lasciviously, reaching between their bodies to stroke his zipper, feeling him come to life under her touch. "So don't."

"Seriously?" He quirked an eyebrow at her.

"Would I joke about such a thing?"

He kissed her again, but their embrace was broken up by the doors opening. They pulled apart and greeted the people streaming out of the chapel, thanking them for coming and exchanging other pleasantries. Eventually the last of the attendees were gone, and she and Chase, along with Anna, Jeff, Kelly, and Gage, the rest of the bridal party, took the requisite pictures.

The reception was long, loud, and fun. She ate, danced, and mingled for hours, always mindful of her promise to Chase. Finally she found a moment to slip away to the bathroom. She paused in the doorway, catching Chase's eye. He grinned at her and nodded. She watched him casually break off a conversation with Gage's girlfriend's brother and make his way toward her. She scurried ahead of him, waiting until she reached the end of the hallway. He caught sight of her, and she ran ahead. She heard his rough chuckle of amusement as she bustled ahead of him in as fast a run as she could manage with her dress. She came to another corner, waited until he was in sight of her, then ran ahead. Finally she came to a darkened but unlocked office at the farthest end of the reception hall, far away from the crowd and the staff. She made sure he saw her enter, then leaned back against a wall, breast heaving, laughter on her lips.

Chase burst into the office and caught sight of her, his eyes glinting with predatory amusement. He was barely panting, despite having jogged after her across the building. He closed the door behind himself, the snick of the latch closing deafening in the silent room. He simply stood there for a moment, hands loose at his sides, head tilted slightly as he devoured her figure with his gaze. She felt his eyes like heat on her every curve, felt his lust for her, his raw, potent desire as a palpable force.

She didn't move a muscle, simply stood with her back pressed to the wall, chest heaving, br**sts straining against the white chiffon of her dress, her breath coming in deep gasps-from anticipation and desire now rather than exertion.

Chase swallowed the short distance between them in two long strides, pressing his h*ps against hers, his forehead bumping hers, palms flattened against the wall to either side of her face. She brushed her hands up his torso, resting them on his shoulders.

"You're beautiful, Jamie. Breathtaking. A goddamn vision."

Jamie smiled. "Thanks." She slid her mouth across his, then bit his lower lip. "So. Gonna f**k my brains out now?"

"Yeah, sure am."

She breathed a sigh. "Oh, good."

He chuckled, then lowered one hand to her waist, across her belly, then up to her breast. Her breath caught as she forgot to resume breathing. His fingers tugged the cup of the dress down and her breast up, baring one dark pink nipple. He lowered his mouth to it and flicked it with his tongue. Jamie's breath returned with a gasp.

His hand curled into the fabric of her dress at her hip, bunching the material, gathering it, revealing her legs an inch at a time. He pulled the dress up past her hips, and then his breath stopped with a long groan.

"Fuck, Jamie. You haven't been wearing any panties this whole time? Jesus. Jesus, Jay. It's a good thing I didn't know until now, or we wouldn't have made it through the wedding."

She laughed, reaching between his arms to unbutton his tuxedo pants, then slid the zipper down. Jamie bit her lip as she dragged his boxers down to his knees, freeing the erect weight of his cock. She circled her fingers around him, sliding down his length and back up. Chase sucked in a breath, closing his eyes briefly. When he opened them, they were on fire with need. He slid his palm around the back of one of her thighs, lifting it up to his waist. Then he moved his hand to her other thigh, and Jamie's eyes widened, realizing what he intended.

"God, are you crazy? You can't lift me up-"

She was cut off by him doing exactly that. Jamie clenched her legs around his waist and braced her back against the door, wrapping her arms around his neck. She was split immediately in two by his impatiently thrusting cock. Jamie lifted her face to the ceiling and whimpered in her throat, filled and stretched and impaled and completed by his manhood in her sex.

Chase buried his face in her br**sts and crashed up into her, heedless of her weight, his palms cupping her ass beneath the draped dress. She'd been filled by Chase before, had felt him drive deep in a thousand different positions, but never had he been this deep. The base of his c*ck pushed perfectly against her cl*t as he drove into her with short, hard, piston thrusts. Her fingers curled around his nape, her palm flattened over the bald dome of his scalp, and she found herself lifting up and sinking down to meet him, her mouth pressed to the front of his head, muffling her cries.

Chase grunted and growled into the soft flesh of her br**sts. Jamie lifted up and sank down with an exponentially increasing urgency, and the chorus of sighs and gasps coming from them both filled the tiny office. Jamie felt the delicious heat and pressure coiling in her belly, the weight and lightning of impending cli**x, and she knew by the constant growling coming from Chase-from her husband-that he was close, too.

"Now, baby," Jamie whispered. "Come with me."

"God, yes," Chase answered, and she felt the liquid heat of his essence fill her at the same moment that her entire being exploded from within, wave after wave billowing through her. She cried out into Chase's shoulder, biting the rough fabric of his suit coat, and he in turn muffled his bellow of release in her cl**vage.

Chase held her aloft for another moment, then extracted himself from her folds and let her slide down to her feet. He held her dress up around her h*ps with one hand and reached to snatch a handful of Kleenex from the nearby desk with the other. He cleaned her carefully and thoroughly before letting her dress down.

She smoothed out the wrinkles, although by this point in the night it didn't really matter, watching as Chase made himself presentable once more.

He grinned at her. "How are your brains, Mrs. Delany?"

"Very thoroughly f**ked out, Mr. Delany, thank you." She adjusted his tie for him, and he rubbed her upper lip with his thumb.

"You'll have to fix your makeup," he said. "You're a bit...smudged."

Jamie nodded, glancing down to make sure she was presentable. She looked up, feeling Chase's gaze on her. "What?"

His eyes were blazing, his fingers flexing into the fabric of her dress at her hips. "I just...I guess it just struck me that we're actually, factually married now. You're mine. Really mine, forever." His voice was thick with emotion, and Jamie felt herself melting at the unusual sight of tears in his eyes. "I don't know how I got so lucky, Jay. You're...so much more than I could ever have dreamed for myself. I don't know what I'd do without you. Thank you for marrying me, Jay. I just...I hope to be the husband you deserve."

Jamie threw herself against him. He was open with his emotions, with her at least, but she'd never seen him bare himself this way, raw and completely vulnerable. She wanted to say something back, something equally as dramatic and poetic, but words escaped her.

"You already are, Chase. You wrote it in your song. 'You are my forever.'"

He pulled her into a kiss more potent than anything they'd ever shared before, a scorching, melting, soul-merging kiss that left them both breathless and bated.

"We'd better stop now, or our guests will start wondering what happened to us," Jamie whispered.

Chase's hands skated around her waist to cup her ass. "They're all drunk already anyway, most likely," he said, his voice rough with renewed desire. "Let them wait."

"Fuck 'em?" Jamie asked, laughing into his mouth.

"No," Chase said, turning her to the desk and bending her over it, lifting her dress. "I'm gonna f**k you."

"Oh, good." Jamie lifted her hips, giving him access as he freed his erection and rubbed its length against the seam of her ass. "I was hoping you would say that."

Chase slid into her, and she moaned, writhing back against him.

"God, Jay. You feel so good," Chase growled. "So f**king tight."

"I love feeling you inside me," Jamie breathed. "Don't stop."

"Never."

"I want you like this forever. Deep inside me."

Chase's palms caressed her h*ps and then pulled her into him. "Forever."

They breathed together, moved together, and then their rhythm stuttered and they came together, gasping in unison, panting.

When he slipped out of her, Jamie straightened and turned in his arms. "Forever? You promise?"

"Yes, my love, I promise. Forever."

THE END

