CHAPTER 1

The pain in Anna's eyes when she caught sight of him on the stage sent a bolt of agony through Chase Delany's heart. It was the ultimate rejection, even more than her words. She'd told him in no uncertain terms she didn't love him. Even that didn't hurt quite so much as seeing her soft, sweet, expressive gray eyes blaze with pain and surprise and anger at the mere sight of him.

Since she'd rejected him, Chase had thrown himself into the band, into tours and concerts. He wrote like a madman, pouring his pain and anger into songs that got progressively darker as the weeks passed. His bandmates noticed, but they didn't say anything. The darker music drew the fans, drew the crowds to swelling numbers, filled the stadiums and the bars and the casinos. Sure, they weren't headliners yet, but of all the opening acts, Six Foot Tall drew the most attention, garnered the loudest applause.

None of that mattered. Not to Chase.

The fans could scream their heads off, but it wouldn't fill the ache in Chase's heart, the hollow in his belly. Only she could fill him like that, and she'd chosen someone else. Even when fans sneaked backstage after shows and pressed their bodies against him, he couldn't find a single moment of contentment.

He'd let a girl take him all the way once-and only once-after Anna broke his heart. He'd rejected dozens of girls up until then, all skinny girls with small, hard br**sts and waists he could span with his hands, ribs showing when they lifted their tops to tempt him with their pale, frail bodies. He'd rejected them all, politely but firmly.

Then a different kind of girl found him backstage, bribed security to give her a few minutes alone with Chase before a set. She was tall, with wide h*ps and heavy br**sts, a luxurious fall of black hair, and bright green eyes. For the first time in weeks, Chase felt the stirrings of desire. He let her peel her shirt off, pendulous br**sts swaying in front of his face, her areolas dark dimes against her pale skin. She'd pushed her skintight pants down to her feet and stepped out to stand before him nak*d and gloriously beautiful, a pale Diana. The cold air of the dressing room made her n**ples stand on end, hard little beads.

Chase sat, waiting, heart thudding, his pose deceptively casual. She didn't say anything, just unbuckled his belt, tugged his pants down to his ankles, slipped her legs astride his, and impaled herself onto him, moved above him, her green eyes locked on his, full lips pressed thin, heavy br**sts swaying. His body responded, but his mind stayed frozen and cold, his heart empty and black.

She isn't Anna. He pounded the thought through his mind, a harsh reminder, but to no avail. Black hair flashed into blonde locks, green eyes turned gray. Her name was poised on his lips, whispered in the cold air.

Her nostrils flared and her eyes narrowed, the black-haired beauty, but she smiled and said, "I can be your Anna, if that's what you want."

She moved faster above him, her eyes closed, and her breath came faster as she neared cli**x.

He came, and the release was brief and unfulfilling. She rose off him, plucked a few Kleenex from the box on the counter behind Chase. He watched with a kind of detached, apathetic disgust as she cleaned the white trickle from her thighs, swiped down the line of her lips, and then threw the tissue in the small metal trash can on the floor. She dressed, pulled her long black hair into a ponytail, and opened the door. Before she departed, she pulled a small white rectangle from her purse, a business card, and set it on the filing cabinet by the door.

"If you get over Anna and you want some real company, call me." Then she was gone.

Chase sat, his pants still around his thighs, c*ck limp and sticky against his leg. A fist knocked on the door, jerking Chase from his blank stare, and he tugged his pants on, buckled his belt, and called a hoarse, "Come in."

The security guard poked his head in. "You're on in five." He saw the card on the cabinet, and flicked a grin at Chase. "Nice, huh? That chick had some big ol' titties, right?"

"Yeah."

"Gonna bring her backstage again after?"

"No." Chase felt a flood of self-loathing wash through him. "In fact, don't let anyone else back here again."

The security guard lifted an eyebrow in surprise. "You sure? You don't want-"

"No, I don't."

"All right, man. If you say so."

After that Chase had taken to hiding in the green room, or in a crowd of other musicians. He'd started to heal, started to forget.

And then, a few weeks after the black-haired girl, he'd gone out onstage in Vegas, some music festival in a casino way off the Strip. The lights had gone up, the crowd had been wild, manic, infusing him with a crazed energy. The first number had killed. Then he'd paused, scanning the crowd, seeing only a sea of faces. Just as Chase was about to give the signal to kick in the next number, he'd seen a flash of blonde hair, an all-too-familiar face only a few feet away from the stage.

Anna.

One look, and his heart had crumbled all over again.

He'd written dozens of songs about her, but he'd only written one song to her, for her. It was, perhaps, his best song to date. The band had learned it, but they hadn't planned on performing it yet.

It was time, he decided.

Chase spun in place and waved for his band's attention. "We're doing 'I Found You.'"

"Now?" This was Gage, his bassist, and one of his oldest friends.

"Yeah, now. She's here. She needs to hear it."

Gage shrugged. "If you say so, man."

"Make it burn, boys," Chase said. He turned away and fixed his eyes on Anna.

Mic to his lips, he addressed her. "This next song is...special. It's brand new, so you guys are the first live audience to hear it played. I wrote it during a time of heartbreak and loss. Just listen-you'll see what I mean." Chase paused to tamp down the emotion rising within him. "I hadn't planned this, but the person...the woman I wrote this song about, she's in the audience today. Makes this performance especially personal. Anna, this is for you."

He watched her eyes darken with pain, and then the drumbeat kicked in and the music carried him away. He screamed himself raw, that song. But it didn't matter. She turned away, and he knew she'd made her final choice. Just as well. He was so hurt, so full of blind rage, he wouldn't have been able to speak to her.

He saw him, Jeff, standing behind her.

"Take care of her." Chase's raw, hoarse voice boomed into the silence of the stunned audience.

Jeff only nodded, and Chase was satisfied. Even through the boiling anger and searing pain, he wanted her to be happy, and it was clear Jeff made her happy.

The rest of the set flew by, and he collapsed in the green room, completely spent. He sipped water and settled in to wait for his bandmates to finish partying with the rest of the festival bands. He wasn't up for a crowd, not then.

The door opened, and he started to bitch out the security guard, but the face he saw poking through the gap stopped his heart. She hesitated, unsure.

"You?" Chase's voice cracked into a whisper.

"I know you probably don't want to see me, of all people, but-"

"No, it's fine. Come on in." He set his bottle down and tried to gather his scattered wits. "What-uh, what are you doing here?"

She shrugged. "I don't know." She held up a backstage pass. "I have this...Anna-sorry, she gave it to me. That looked like it was pretty rough, and I thought you might need someone to...I don't know. But here I am."

Her eyes held sorrow for him. That hurt, in an odd way. She cared about him? She saw his pain, clearly. "Here you are."

The silence stretched out, neither of them sure what to say, or do, or feel.

God, she's gorgeous. The thought struck him, unbidden.

For the first time in months, Anna was nowhere in his mind.

* * *

Jamie Dunleavy licked her lips and tried to slow her breathing. Chase was staring at her, his gaze inscrutable. He was sweaty, dark eyes narrowed, chest heaving, a bottle of water in one fist. His hand was so big it made the bottle of Ice Mountain look tiny.

She knew she shouldn't be there, with Chase, backstage. It was just asking for trouble. He wasn't with Anna anymore, but he was still off-limits. A best friend's ex was a big no-no, in her book. She'd f**ked more guys than she'd care to count or admit, but she'd never, ever slept with the ex of anyone she cared about. She had some standards, after all.

So why am I here? No reasonable answer popped into her head.

He'd just looked so...angry and broken when Anna finally, truly, and literally turned her back on him. The look in his eyes, before he'd shut himself down, was one of soul-deep hurt. And Jamie was a sucker for troubled, hurting guys. She seemed pulled to them. It wasn't so much bad boys that she was drawn to as guys with serious issues. Endless hours of self-psychoanalysis and girl talk with Anna had given her enough insight to understand why she was drawn to the fixer-upper, dark, and dangerous types: She saw herself in them, and hoped they'd have at least a chance of understanding her, of getting why she was the way she was.

So far, no luck.

Lots of sex, some of it pretty damn spectacular, but that was about it. Lots of walks of shame, lots of guys who disappeared after a tumble or two.

Chase seemed to be the ultimate in tall, dark, and f**ked-up. He was lounging in a chair, sweat pouring down his face and beading on his clean-shaven head, a pair of supple, faded black leather pants hugging his thick legs and showing off a bulge that had her throat going a little dry and her pulse pounding. He had a ripped, sleeveless Led Zeppelin T-shirt on, tight around his torso and showing his burly, toned arms. His wrists were adorned with thick leather metal-spiked bracelets, and tribal tattoos peeked out from beneath his shirt onto his shoulders and arms. His ears were pierced and gauged. His brown eyes were so dark they were almost black, narrowed and struggling for expressionless apathy.

Jamie saw through his efforts, though. He was hurting. She had no idea what she, of all people, could for him, but she knew she couldn't just walk away and leave him to hurt alone.

"I don't know why I'm here, honestly," she said a second time. "Shit. I already said that. I just...I guess I wanted to see if you were okay."

Lame, lame, lame. Jamie kicked herself. Usually she was pretty good at saying exactly what she was thinking. To a fault, actually. She had tendency to take brutal honesty to a whole new level sometimes. But now, faced with Chase, her best friend's ex-lover, Jamie found herself tongue-tied, stammering, fumbling for complete sentences.

Chase swigged his water before responding. "Okay? I mean, I'm here. I'm alive. I'm..." He trailed off, rolling the water bottle over his forehead. "Fuck. No, I'm not. I'm not okay at all."

That was all the opening she needed. Jamie moved into the room and closed the door behind her. There was only the one chair, so she sat half on the counter, her back to the mirror and the too-bright light bulbs. She was within arm's reach of Chase, but not suffocatingly close. She tried to ignore how being this close to him had her feeling shaken up and out of sorts.

"Can I help?" she asked.

Chase laughed, humorless. "Help? What are you going to do? Get Anna back?"

Jamie flinched and stood up. "No, I can't do that. She's happy with Jeff. I just...I know how it feels. I-" She shook her head angrily. "You know what? Whatever."

She stomped toward the door, cursing herself mentally. She was stopped by strong, gentle fingers on her arm, spinning her around. Her lungs froze and her brain melted. Chase was suddenly inches away, his huge, hard body frighteningly close. She could feel the heat emanating from him, as well as the confusion and the hurt. And the attraction.

His eyes were on her, but she still couldn't make heads or tails of what he was thinking.

"I'm sorry, Jamie. That was a dick thing to say."

"Fucking right it was." Damn it, there goes me and my mouth again.

Why was he closer now? The glittery heart on her tank top, bulging with her br**sts, brushed against his Led Zeppelin shirt. The contact, even that little bit, had lightning bolting through her. Her n**ples weren't even hard, but she was still shivering when each of her breaths had her chest expanding and pushing her against him.

"Well, I said I'm sorry. It's just-I'm just-"

"No, now I'm the one being a dick," she said. "I shouldn't be here. I'm her best friend, and I'm probably just making things worse."

His hand was still on her arm, circling her bicep. He was so close now she had to tilt her head back to meet his eyes. His gaze was intense, and Jamie felt something in her stomach clenching at the way his stare washed over her, glancing from her face to her thick, curly hair and down to her cl**vage. Her shirt wasn't low-cut, but it was tight enough that the outlines of her bra were visible.

And now, under his eyes, her n**ples peaked and poked through her bra and thin cotton tank top to dimple the material.

She felt his body respond. Oh, god. Oh, god. He's huge. She felt her body quivering and straining to feel more, get closer. Get your ass out, Jamie.{danger comment}

She didn't listen to herself. He wasn't holding her arm so tightly that she couldn't have gotten away, so why was she stuck in place like she was about to kiss him?

No. No. No.

Yes...

She was falling forward...

His lips were salty with sweat, soft yet firm, scouring her mouth with something like desperation. His hand tightened on her arm, his other hand slipping to the small of her back and pulling her close. She moved into him instinctively, crushing herself against him before she knew what she was doing.

Then reality hit like a palm-strike from Jesus. What the hell am I doing?

Jamie threw herself backward out of his arms, away from his kiss. It hurt. It physically, mentally, and emotionally hurt to pull away so forcefully. He tasted, felt, and smelled like man-heaven. Hunk-nirvana. Sex-Valhalla. Were there other kinds of heaven she could compare that ten seconds to? Probably, but her brain was too fried to come up with them.

She'd kissed him. It hadn't been his fault. It was all her. She was a terrible, terrible best friend and an awful human being.

Jamie's fingertips touched her lips, as if to keep the memory of his kiss close. Her back was to the door, and her breath came in ragged gasps. "That...that shouldn't have happened. God. I'm so sorry." She ducked her head so her copper curls draped in front of her face. "I don't know what the f**k I was thinking. I'm sorry, Chase. I shouldn't have-" she cut herself off and groped for the doorknob.

Time to beat a hasty retreat before he could come up with a scathing response. Or worse, kiss her back. 'Cause that would be terrible. Wonderful, amazing, incredible...and totally wrong. If he kissed her, he'd be a cad. If she let him, it would push her past having just made an innocent mistake and into heinous-bitch territory.

He took a step, licking his lips, brows furrowed in confusion. "Jamie, wait. Just hang on a second. That was-"

"A mistake," she filled in for him. "Never going to happen again. It can't. I'm Anna's best friend, and you're her ex. Us...that kiss...it's not just 'hell, no' territory, it's like...full-on 'fuck no' country."

Chase's lips quirked. "You drop the F-bomb a lot, don't you?"

Jamie shrugged. "Yeah, I do. I know it turns a lot of guys off, but it's just how I am."

"I think it's hot."

Jamie backed up. "You're not allowed to think I'm hot."

"Why not?"

"Because. You just can't. It makes this that much harder."

"Makes what harder?" He took another step toward her.

She turned and spoke as she walked away. "This. The part where I do the right thing for once in my life. I'm gonna walk away, and we're both going to pretend nothing happened."

"But it did happen." He was chasing her, moving through the bustling hallways after her, shouldering aside techies and band members and stage crew. "Jamie, wait. Just hang on and let's talk about this."

She shook her head, curls bouncing. "No way. Not happening, Chase. Don't push me."

She tried to ignore him. She saw the exit just ahead, the red-lettered sign shining in the distance, a thin bright line of white spearing through the backstage gloom as someone stepped out. She scurried for the exit, not looking back, trying to ignore the part of her that was begging, Just one more kiss, Jay. Just one more. It can't hurt anything.

She made it. She hit the crash bar with her hip and stepped out into the oppressive, dry desert Las Vegas heat, squinting at the sudden brilliance of the day. She fumbled in her purse for her sunglasses and slipped them on, thankful for the emotion-blocking quality of the mirrored aviator shades.

But of course, he was right behind her. His hand was on her hip, spinning her around. How did he do that? She wasn't a small girl, and she worked out. She took kickboxing. Jamie knew she was buff. He shouldn't be able to manhandle her like she was some sprightly little thing.

"Jamie, just hang the f**k on for a second." His voice was a low growl. "Look, I'm not gonna pretend it didn't happen, but I know why you're bugging about this, and you're right. It's...complicated. But I don't think-"

Jamie smacked his hand away from her body, needing clarity, and god knew his hand on her wasn't helping. "Don't think what? Think it won't be a problem? Think we can just hook up and no one will be any wiser? She'll know, Chase. She's my best friend, and I can't lie to her. Trust me, I've tried. We're like...psychic with each other. She's lied to me, and I've known when she was lying. I know when she's hiding something, and vice versa. Not to mention, it's wrong. You don't f**k your friend's exes, Chase. You just don't."

"Who said anything about f**king, or hooking up? It was just a kiss."

Jamie snorted. "Sh-yeah. Just a kiss. Right. And I'm the Virgin Mary."

Chase smirked, the first real humor to enliven his face. "Then what would you consider it?"

"A gateway drug?"

Chase laughed, a belly laugh. "A gateway drug, huh?" He sobered and closed in on her; Jamie wanted to back away, but she was rooted to the spot, pinned by his intense gaze, his fierce presence. "Then I'd be interested in seeing what the hard stuff would be like."

Jamie forced herself away again. "No, Chase. That can't happen. How can you be thinking about that at a time like this?"

"You expect me to pine for Anna forever? I've had weeks to forget her, to move on. This was the clincher. Just...salt in the wound. I can't live my life in the shadow of her rejection."

"Bullshit." Jamie poked his broad chest with a finger. "You're not over her. I saw the look on your face."

Chase's face closed down. "I didn't say I was over her. I said I had to move on."

"Well, this isn't the way. Hooking up with me isn't the way."

Chase frowned. "You keep talking about hooking up. I never said or did anything to suggest that. You did."

Jamie clenched her teeth and turned away. "You're right. My bad. Have a nice life, Chase." She walked away again, and this time he didn't follow her.

Jamie found herself tensed and expecting to feel his hand on her; she was torn between hoping he would and fearing the consequences if he did.

CHAPTER 2

Chase watched Jamie leave, wondering why his heart was palpitating. It might have had something to do with the way her fine, round ass swayed, cupped by denim so tight it left little to the imagination. It also might have had something to do with the searing memory of her kiss on his lips.

Ten seconds of time, but he knew he was ruined for other women, other lips. He'd gone from limp to raging erection in a single breath, a single brush of her balm-slick, strawberry-tasting lips.

It also might have had something to do with her unequivocal rejection. She'd kissed him, then bolted as if stung. Chase understood her reservations, and damn it all if she wasn't absolutely correct, but that didn't make it any easier.

Neither did how soft she was, how perfectly she fit in his arms, how her curves had molded to his body like puzzle pieces snugging into place. She'd enjoyed the kiss as much as he had; she could deny it all day long, but Chase knew she'd felt the same things he had.

He wanted Jamie, hard.

But the way she'd walked off with her jaw set and her emerald eyes blazing with determination left little doubt that he'd ever see again.

Which really, really, really sucked. Chase knew he'd walk through the Mojave desert stark nak*d if it meant getting just one more kiss from her. But she wouldn't let that happen.

Chase turned away with a whispered curse. She was right. Goddamn it, she was right. He had to forget about Jamie. He was still broken up over Anna.

Being faced with her so suddenly, apropos of nothing...that f**king hurt. She'd seemed so surprised, so conflicted. As if merely seeing him had pained her. Which just went to show that she wasn't as over him as she'd tried to make it seem.

One look at Anna's sweet, innocent face, blue eyes and blonde hair and lush curves...and Chase had been lost all over again. Wishing he could hold her, kiss her, hear the low, passionate moans she used to make for him as she came. She'd been so eager, so hungry, like no one had ever paid attention to her, like she just had no clue how sexy she was. It was a turn-on all by itself, her strangely erotic innocence. She'd changed the way he saw sex. He'd thought he was teaching her, and all along she was showing him how much more than mere hormones and pheromones and orgasms it could be. Sex had always been fun for him. When he first met her and invited her back to his place, he'd thought it would be an enjoyable night in the sack with a hot girl who had some killer curves. But then it had changed. No warning, no clue. Just...it was more. From the first kiss in the car, stolen as she drove away, Chase had seen her hang-ups and had wanted to fix them. She didn't see her own sexiness, and he'd made it his mission to show her what she was, what she had that men wanted.

In the end, she'd shown him that sex could have meaning. And goddamn if he didn't want that again.

But Anna was gone forever. She'd chosen Jeff over him. Chase had seen enough to know she really, truly loved Jeff. She was happy with him, and Chase wasn't going to begrudge her that. She deserved happiness.

He wished it could have been with him, but that wasn't meant to be, and he had to move on.

He just didn't know how. That random groupie who had seduced him...he could have pursued her. She might have distracted him for a while. But he hadn't.

Now Jamie had to go and show up, kiss him, rock his world, and ruin the little bit of progress he'd been making.

What now?

"Hey, Chase, there you are." Gage popped his head out of the door. "We need you inside, dude. Cleo from Murder Doll Asylum is looking for you. She wants you to do a couple songs with her."

Chase followed his bassist inside and through the backstage area. "Murder Doll Asylum?"

Gage shrugged. "Yeah, I know, right? Bizarre-as-hell name, but I listened to a couple of their songs on the way down, and they're f**king brutal, man. She's got a killer voice." He quirked an eyebrow at Chase, grinning. "And having met her, she's got a killer body to go with it. Could be fun, if you know what I mean."

Chase waved his hand. "I'll do the set, but that's it, man."

Gage made a disgusted face. "Dude, listen. You're all hung up on that chick. I know you liked her, but you've gotta get over her. You've been a mopey fucktard for weeks, man. Distract yourself. That one chick a few weeks ago, Shannon? The one with the black hair and the huge tits? You tapped that, right? She was asking us at the after-party why you weren't there. She wanted you, bro. Like, hard."

Chase could only shrug. "Yeah, I hit it. She was hot and all, and it was good, but...I just don't know. She didn't hold my interest. I don't know what else to say. I'm just not interested."

Gage shook his head again. "Well...I guess it's whatever you want, man. But we've been friends since ninth grade, man, and this ain't you. You're all...depressed and shit. We're on the way up, man! We're playing Madison Square Garden next week-how huge is that?"

"We're opening for the openers, Gage," Chase said. "But I know. Okay? I know. Just give me some time. I'll come around."

Gage slapped him on the back, playfully hard. "Just do me one favor?"

"If I can."

Gage grinned lecherously. "Don't count Cleo out before you've met her, bro. She's hot. Like...hot. And I'm pretty sure she's into you. I mean, fuckin' every girl on the planet is into you, but Cleo is fine as hell, and she can scream like a banshee, man. Their tracks are sick."

Chase forced a grin and a laugh so Gage would get off his case. "I'll try to keep my mind open."

"That's all I'm asking."

Murder Doll Asylum was an all-girl screamo band led by Cleo Calloway. They'd made a name for themselves as a band that could rock as hard on stage and play as hard off-stage as any of the all-male metal outfits. Six Foot Tall wasn't strictly metal, but they had enough hard numbers that they could fit in with billings that featured harder acts. This gig in Vegas was with a ton of metal bands of several subgenres, headlined by acts like Hatebreed, Devil Driver, and Otep; it was the hardest grouping of bands they'd ever played with, and all the guys in Six Foot Tall were finding the process of adjusting from the tamer rock acts they usually played with to the darker, harder thrash, screamo, and death metal bands on this gig to be a strange but fun adventure.

Chase idly twisted the spiked bracelets on his wrists as they neared the stage. He could feel the music in his bones and his belly before he could really hear anything specific. Until you were close enough to hear the feed from the monitors, the music heard backstage was a wall of sound, thick and impenetrable, rumbling and grumbling in your body.

Now that he was in the side-stage curtains watching, he could hear the band's signature sound, a steady, growling bass line overlaid by high, squealing, technically stunning lead guitar work. Through it all, the drums pounded maniacally, topped by Cleo's unintelligible but emotive screaming, chanting vocals. Chase wasn't usually a huge fan of screamo bands, preferring a more melodic and artistic approach himself. He could appreciate the talent he was seeing, though. Cleo's face twisted and contorted with angst and rage, her thin, porcelain-pale features curtained by a thousand thin dark purple dreads as she bent over at the waist, mic held sideways to her lips, cupped by her other hand. He couldn't make out a damn word she was saying, but she sure did seem to feel it from the depths of her soul.

The number ended, and Cleo stepped off-stage as the lights darkened between numbers.

She grabbed a water bottle proffered by stagehand and stood next to Chase. "Hey. Wanna do a couple numbers together?"

Chase grinned at her. "Sure. I don't know any of your stuff, though."

She waved a hand dismissively. "We can do some covers. We're more than just screamo, you know."

"Cool. What do you want to cover?"

"You know 'Cowboys From Hell'?"

"Hell, yeah." Chase bobbed his head; the boys were all huge Pantera fans.

The bassist, a tall, willowy girl with blonde pigtails, tapped in a thrumming line, followed by the kick drum, and then the lights came on, bathing Cleo and Chase in twin spots. Cleo leaned in close to the lead guitarist, a short but svelte girl with black spiky hair and earrings rimming her ears from lobe to tip, muttering the song they were going to do. The guitarist nodded and strummed a few chords as the rest of the band cued in.

Then they were off, blazing through the beloved metal anthem, Cleo and Chase alternating verses and harmonizing on the chorus as perfectly as if they'd rehearsed it. They did "Sanitarium" by Metallica next, and then closed the set with "Killing in the Name of" by Rage Against the Machine. Chase was skeptical when Cleo suggested it, but Cleo assured him the band knew it backward and forward, and had covered it before. He found himself pleasantly shocked when the guitarist did indeed do justice to Tom Morello's guitar work.

Chase had paid close attention to Cleo while they performed, and she was as sexy as Gage had suggested. She was thin and pale, with small br**sts and boyish hips, which was as far from Chase's taste as you could get, but she was beautiful, with wide hazel eyes and an expressive, kissable mouth.

Maybe she would provide enough distraction to help him forget; he had a lot of forgetting to do after all. Anna, Jamie...between the two, he wasn't sure he'd ever truly be able to forget, but he had to try.

* * *

It was midnight, and Chase was hammered, more than half-naked, and about to lose his third straight hand of strip poker. Of course, he wasn't necessarily playing to win, and neither were the girls from Murder Doll Asylum. Chase smirked as he thought, Losing has never been so much fun. And neither had winning. He was down to his leather pants, earplugs, and his socks, but then, the girls were faring about as well. He'd won twice as many hands as he'd lost, so Cleo was down to her bra and panties; Leah, the bassist, was topless in her Catholic schoolgirl-style miniskirt; and Kylie, the guitarist, was in a T-shirt and panties.

They'd been partying for hours, ever since their set ended earlier in the evening, with the drummer and rhythm guitar from MDA having gone with the other guys from Six Foot Tall to some after-party somewhere in Vegas.

Which left Chase to entertain three hot chicks on his own. He figured he could handle it.

He fanned his cards and examined them again, as if they might have changed. Ace of hearts, ace of diamonds, and three of hearts. A pair, but not enough. He was pretty sure Leah had a straight, and Cleo was holding something to beat that-a full house, maybe. He wasn't sure what Kylie was holding, but he was pretty damn sure it beat his hand.

Chase sucked in a breath and let it out slowly. Leah had just raised on his bet, which meant he was beaten three ways. "All right, ladies. I'm not gonna see that. I've got a pair of aces."

He laid his cards down and tried to keep his face neutral.

Leah whooped. "Hells, yeah! Straight, baby. Take 'em off, Delany."

Chase grinned and stood up, ran his hands over his abs teasingly. He watched as all three girls froze in anticipation. He decided to toy with them; he drew off one sock, and then the other.

"That wasn't the bet!" Cleo yelled. "Your pants, Chase. The bet was, if you lose, you take off those sexy leather pants."

Chase looked down at himself, as if surprised to see his customary leather pants. "The pants?" He glanced with overdone incredulity at the three girls. "You want me to take my pants off?"

"YES!" all three girls said in chorus, and then burst into a fit of giggles.

Which was funny in and of itself, since none of them were the giggling type. They were the type of girls who could hold their own in the most brutal of mosh pits, who could breed a sonic massacre onstage and then drink half their male counterparts under the table afterward. And they were giggling.

Chase laughed, swaying in place. Those last two shots of Patron were starting to catch up to him. "Well, let it never be said that Chase motherf**king Delany ever welched on a bet," he announced, a little too loudly.

He eyed each girl in turn, his gaze lingering on Leah's perky C-cup br**sts, and then unbuttoned the top of his pants. He grinned when Cleo licked her lips, shifting in her chair. The zipper went down, and now they were loose around his hips, his semi-rigid c*ck bulging in his skin-tight CK boxer-briefs.

And then he paused. "I have an idea. How about the three of you play one last high-stakes hand." He poured a shot for each of them, handed out limes and the salt, and then, when everyone was ready, he lifted his shot glass in a toast. "Winner of the last hand helps me take off my pants."

Leah, Cleo, and Kylie exchanged looks, then grinned. Cleo scooped up the cards, shuffled, and dealt. Chase planted himself unsteadily into his chair, blinking at the double images he was starting to see. Time to slow down a bit; they were just starting to get down to the fun part of the night.

He watched the girls play, each one keeping her face straight and hard, giving nothing away. Watching them play, he started trying to figure out each girl's tell. Leah was worrying at her bottom lip with her teeth absently, fingering one of her cards with her thumb. Kylie was blinking a lot and uncrossing and recrossing her legs-either nervous, or she had to pee. Cleo was the hardest. She was perfectly still, no obvious sign of nerves or excitement. Then she glanced at Chase and licked her lips, pink tongue swiping with exaggerated slowness between her black lipstick-painted lips.

She's going to win, he realized. She wasn't nervous or excited, only confident, which meant she had a killer hand and she knew it. Chase found himself hardening at the thought of Cleo's hands stripping him of his pants. She was pretty sexy, in her own way. She had knowing eyes, busy hands, porcelain-doll features. Like a china doll turned goth-anime.

Chase shifted in his chair. This would definitely be a welcome distraction. He'd hoped the night would provide a few hours of forgetting, but he hadn't dared hope it would go this well.

He pushed away the doubts concerning what was about to go down. He owed no one anything. He could do what he wanted. If he wanted to spend the night in a menage a quatre or whatever this would be called, then he had every right to. He was a goddamn rock star, for fuck's sake. Rock stars f**ked three girls at once.

Cleo's whoop of triumph jerked him back to the present. Leah and Kylie were pouting while Cleo stood on the table, gyrating her h*ps and pointing at Chase. "Get over here, Delany. You're mine, now, bitch."

Chase stood up slowly, eyes on Cleo across the table from him, Leah and Kylie between them. He circled behind Leah. He paused with his lips at her ear and put his index finger on her bare knee near the hem of her skirt, then dragged it up her thigh, hiking her skirt higher as he went. He felt her breathing cease entirely as his finger moved up her hip to her nak*d side. She gasped when his finger traced the underside of her breast, and then whimpered when he flicked her rigid nipple.

"Don't worry, sweetheart," he whispered in Leah's ear, his eyes fixed on Cleo's. "I haven't forgotten about you."

He pinched her nipple, nipping her earlobe, letting his hot breath huff into her ear. She tipped her head sideways to offer him better access, and he took it, planting a hot kiss on her neck.

She deflated when he moved away, letting her breath out, her head lolling back on her shoulders. Kylie was next, and she was watching him out of the corner of her eye, palms flat on the table, drawing slow, deep breaths. He paused behind her as he had Leah, but instead of immediately touching her, he simply stood behind her, mouth against her ear, his hands planted to either side of hers. She was frozen, head turned slightly so she could see him. He waited. Chase could feel the anticipation rolling off her in palpable waves.

"I haven't forgotten about you, either," he whispered.

Kylie turned in place so her lips brushed his. Chase felt a bolt of lust hit him when her soft, moist lips touched his.

"What are you gonna do?" Kylie asked, breathless.

"I don't know. What do want me to do?"

She shrugged. "I'm awful hot in this shirt."

Chase grinned and touched her lip with his tongue, tasting the salt and the tequila and faint traces of lipstick. "Hmmm. I might be able to help you out with that."

Kylie sucked in her belly when Chase's fingers brushed the skin of her abs, lifting her tight red baby-doll T-shirt up over her head and off. Her spiky black hair was mussed by the shirt's removal, so Chase took the opportunity to run his hands over the spikes. She shivered when his palm grazed down her neck and across her shoulder, hesitating on the shoulder blade before plunging down her chest to her br**sts, cupped by a plain black bra.

Chase dug his fingers into the cup and lifted one breast free, tweaking the rosy bud of her nipple. He lifted the strap and let it snap back. "Is this in the way, too?"

She nodded, unable to speak. Chase winked at Cleo, who watched the exchange with an amused lift of her eyebrow, arms crossed over her chest.

"You're next, Cleo," Chase said. "And you have a bet to keep."

Cleo just smirked. "Bring it, sexy pants."

Chase froze. "What did you call me?"

Cleo frowned. "Sexy pants. Why?"

Mr. Sexypants. Anna's voice echoed through his head, her nickname for him tugging on his heart.

He shook his head to clear it of the memory, and her voice. That was past. This was now, and he had three beautiful, willing women waiting for his attention.

"Something wrong, Delany?" Cleo asked.

"No, sorry. It's nothing." He turned back to Kylie, slipping the bra strap off her shoulder, then the other. "Now, where was I?"

Kylie reached behind her head to slide her hands over Chase's back, clawing with her nails. "I think you were helping me off with my bra."

"Oh, yeah," Chase said, "now I remember."

He deftly unhooked her bra with one hand, nibbling on her ear and cupping a breast as the bra fell away. He felt Leah's eyes on him, hungry. Cleo was watching, too, and he tried to decide if he was seeing hints of jealousy in her eyes or not. Cleo shook her head slightly, poured a shot of tequila and downed it sans salt or lime, then turned her attention back to Chase, who was prowling around the circumference of the table once more.

He stopped beside Cleo, who turned in her chair to face him. "My turn?" she asked.

"Your turn." Chase ran his thumbs around the inside of the waistband of his underwear, but didn't lower them. "You're the only one who's wearing a top," he pointed out.

Cleo laughed. "It's not exactly at a top," she said. "But I take your point. Want to fix that?"

Chase smiled, licking his lips, then lowered his mouth to her ear. "It would be my extreme pleasure."

He suited action to words, unclasping her bra and tossing it away from her body in a single motion. Cleo stared up at him, lifting her chin defiantly, as if refusing to feel embarrassed by her nudity. Chase let his gaze rove down her body, taking in her small br**sts with their nickel-sized areolas and beaded n**ples. He reached down and carved a narrowing circle around her nipple with his finger, feeling the skin tighten under the pad of his fingertip.

Cleo bit her lower lip, sliding her eyes closed slowly and then opening them again. "I don't think this was part of the bet."

"Nope."

"So what are you doing?"

Chase shrugged. "Three sets of beautiful bare br**sts? How can I not touch them?"

Cleo didn't answer. She continued to stare up at Chase, then hooked her fingers through the belt loops of his pants and tugged them down. They were tight enough that his boxers shimmied down with them, revealing the broad tip of his cock, now fully erect.

Cleo grinned. "Well, that works." She tugged again, and Chase stepped out of his pants, nak*d now. "The bet was just the pants, but I'll take this, too."

Kylie and Leah glanced at each other, then burst into giggles again. They whispered to each other, then stood up and wove their way, a little unsteadily, around the table to Chase. Cleo poured four shots, and they each downed theirs. Chase looked at each woman in turn, all of them now clad in only panties-or, in Leah's case, a miniskirt.

Leah stood to one side of Chase, Kylie on the other, with Cleo still sitting facing him. No one moved for several long moments, and then Leah lifted her hand and slid it down Chase's chest to his belly. Kylie did the same on the other side, and now both girls' hands were on his belly, inches from his straining cock.

Chase, his eyes still locked on Cleo, who seemed to be battling some kind of discomfort or embarrassment, ran his hands up Kylie's and Leah's thighs. Both girls pressed closer to him, and then Kylie turned into him, pressed her lips to his arm and wrapped her nimble guitarist's fingers around his thick shaft. Chase slipped his palm under her panties to caress her ass, pushing the cotton boy-short panties down. Kylie wriggled her h*ps and shimmied out of them. Chase searched the hem of Leah's skirt until he found the zipper, and then, with one hand still kneading Kylie's firm, tight ass, he unzipped Leah's skirt and shoved it down, working his palm down one hip and then arcing across her flat belly to the other hip. Cleo sat motionless the entire time, her hazel eyes piercing into Chase's.

If he was going to be honest with himself, Chase knew he would rather have been alone with Cleo, and if he was any judge of her expression, Cleo was wishing for the same thing.

Instead, Kylie's delicate fingers were slowly stroking his c*ck near the tip, and then Leah took him in her hand as well, near the base, their pumping hands meeting in the middle.

Chase held himself absolutely still, except for his exploring hands, which were drifting up to curl around Kylie's and Leah's waists to cup their br**sts and roll their n**ples.

"I dare you to lick it, Cleo," Kylie said, her free hand grazing over Chase's ass.

Cleo hesitated, glancing from Chase's face to his cock.

"Yeah, Cleo. Come on," Leah urged. "Suck on his pretty cock."

"You first," Cleo said.

Leah shrugged. "I'd love to," she said, sinking to her knees.

Cleo's brows knitted as Leah put her lips around the broad crown just above Kylie's still-stroking fingers. Chase's breathing grew ragged, but he didn't move a muscle, even his hands frozen as Leah began to get into it now, sucking on the tip, licking around the groove, her fist pumping him near the base, her other hand gripping his ass.

Chase once again pushed away doubts, which were buried deep, and not enough to put a halt to this.. This felt good. Two hot women were all over him. This was awesome. Epic. He'd never been with more than one woman before, and this was shaping up to be even better than he'd dared imagine.

Except...Cleo.

She seemed as unsure as he felt, deep down. She wasn't touching him, her eyes locked on his.

Pour a shot, he mouthed to her. She nodded and poured shots. He need more liquid courage to really go through with this. He snaked his arm out from behind Kylie and took the shot, feeling his inhibitions burn away under the smooth burn of the Patron.

Kylie knelt down on his other side now, and Leah moved away to make room for her. Kylie's lips wrapped around him, and she took him deep into her mouth. Leah had only worked his tip, never taking him deep. Kylie did the opposite, sliding him into her mouth as deep as she could before backing away slowly, only to deep-throat him again.

Chase closed his eyes and swallowed, his throat dry and his muscles burning from the effort to keep still, to hold back. "Girls, you have to stop now. I'm close."

Kylie laughed, her voice buzzing on his cock, and he flinched. She took him deep, and then moved away. Leah took her place again, working his tip with her tongue.

Chase frowned, realizing they had no intention of stopping. Cleo watched all this, her face struggling for impassivity. She abruptly stood up, and Chase shot his hand out to grab hers, stopping her from walking away. He slid his palm up her arm, stopped at her breast, then moved up again, slipping around the back of her neck beneath her purple dreads. He pulled her close, closer, and then his lips met hers. She gasped, stiffened, and tried to pull away, but Chase held her in place, darting his tongue between her lips. She melted slightly, and then eased into the kiss.

Chase pulled away after a moment, his forehead touching hers as he struggled to hold back. His h*ps were circling against his control, and now Leah backed away, too.

"You want it?" Leah asked Kylie.

Kylie didn't answer, wrapping her lips around him again and taking him deep. Her hand, along with Leah's, began to stroke him faster now, and Kylie's bobbing head matched the speed of her hand.

"I'm...I'm right there," Chase gasped. "I'm about to come..."

Cleo moaned into his mouth as he began to growl, and then she kissed him. Chase ran his hand over Cleo's ribs, then palmed her breast. She moaned again, then slipped her hand down between Kylie and Leah to cup his balls, pressing her middle finger against his taint. Chase let his head flop back, and his spine arched as he came with a loud roar. Kylie took him deep into her throat as he spurted a second time, and then her lips were replaced by Leah's, and she sucked his tip furiously, drawing a third spasm from him, hollowing her cheeks to glean every drop from him.

She drew him out of her mouth with a pop, and then Leah gave his tip one last lick.

Chase sagged, stumbling. Kylie and Leah stood up, pushing Chase toward the queen bed, and he crawled onto it. Cleo remained where she stood, hesitating. Chase held his hand out to her, meeting her gaze with his own.

A long moment passed before Cleo lifted her chin in a defiant gesture, then wriggled out of her panties and climbed onto the bed.

Chase planted sloppy kisses on her skin as she moved onto the bed with him. She's going to be the first to come, Chase decided.

Leah was already pressing herself in on his right side, Kylie on his left, their hands smoothing over his body, roaming his chest and stomach and thighs and cock. Cleo was perched awkwardly over his knees, her hands on Chase's shoulders to support her weight. Chase grasped her wrists in his hands and tugged her toward him, kissing her lips as she reached him, then pulled her higher yet, ignoring her confused expression. He planted his hands on her ass and lifted to settle her knees next to his head, her legs under his shoulders so her soft, damp, shaven core was hovering over his mouth.

Planting her palms on the wall, Cleo arched her back with a low, hesitant moan as Chase swiped his tongue along her crease. He adjusted her position slightly, then licked at her again, and a third time before flicking at her cl*t with the tip of his tongue. Cleo gasped, a breathless sound that turned into a drawn-out moan as he circled her clit.

Chase was reminded of the girls to either side when their lips pressed moist kisses on his chest and stomach, their hands still exploring his body. Chase slid his palms on their bellies, and both Kylie and Leah sent up their moans of pleasure as he dipped his fingers between their thighs. Chase found his ability to multitask put to the test as he swirled his tongue around Cleo's cl*t while establishing a delving rhythm with his hands inside the other two girls' desire-wet clefts.

A chorus of moans filled the hotel room, Cleo's the loudest. Chase slowed his rhythm, finding his tongue and fingers working together. Each girl gasped in protest when he slowed his ministrations to nearly nothing, teasing their pussies with fingertips and tongue moving just enough to stimulate, but not enough to let them reach orgasm.

"Chase, god, please!" Cleo groaned.

Chase chuckled low in his throat. "Please what, Cleo?"

"Fuck you, Delany. Don't make me say it."

Kylie giggled on his left, her diminutive but nimble fingers stroking his limp but slowly-solidifying cock. Leah was working his balls, massaging them gently in her hands, pressing a finger to his taint and rolling it in tiny circles as Kylie began to pump his now semi-rigid shaft. He felt Kylie leave the bed, then come back, guiding his fingers back to her cleft. He didn't spare a glance, but he heard the crinkling of a condom wrapper, then felt the rubber stretch over him, rolled hand over hand down his length.

Chase sped up his rhythm, licking at Cleo's cl*t quickly, circling, flicking and sucking the small, hard, sensitive nub until she was writhing above him, gasping loud moans, arching and bowing her spine. She was at the edge, Chase realized.

He slowed his tongue, keeping his fingers moving inside Kylie and Leah, flicking his two long middle fingers over their G-spots.

"Say it, Cleo," Chase demanded, then speared his tongue at her clit.

Cleo tried to resist, groaning and lifting up, away from Chase, but then lowered herself back down to his mouth. "Goddamn it, Delany." She moaned again when he licked her p**sy in slow, torturous circles. "I won't beg you."

"I'm not asking you to beg. Just say what you want."

Cleo growled. "You're a bastard." She whimpered when his tongue ran in narrowing circles around her nub, then shrieked when he flicked it again with his tongue. She was close, now, only a few swipes of his tongue away from coming. "Goddamnit, Delany. Fine. Please, please make me come."

Chase rewarded her with an increased tempo, licking her cl*t until she was undulating above him, caught up in the sensation and helpless to quiet her shrieks as she came apart.

Leah was right behind Cleo, moaning softly as she gyrated her h*ps on the bed, lifting her clenching p**sy into his fingers as she came, her hands going still on his balls. Kylie was last, letting her voice rise up in a long scream when she came, slowing her fist on Chase's c*ck and curling into his side as she writhed in ecstasy.

Cleo was gasping, panting, sliding her core down Chase's chest to rest her br**sts on his face. He took a nipple in his mouth, gently suckling until she wriggled on top of him, hypersensitive. She lifted up to meet his gaze, and for a split second, he saw something in her eyes, a moment of vulnerability swiftly erased.

Leah clambered over Chase's legs to slip between him and Kylie, turning away from him to face the other girl. Both girls giggled, and then tangled their legs together, Leah half-straddling Kylie as they locked lips. Chase watched in fascination for a long moment as the two women scissored their legs together, palms scrubbing over br**sts, groping and grabbing with a frenzy that shocked him.

Cleo laughed in Chase's ear. "Don't mind them. That's just what they do."

Chase ran his hands down Cleo's back to caress her ass, then grabbed her hips, pushing her downward until her cleft was brushing the tip of his cock. Cleo moaned, rolled her h*ps slightly, then lowered herself to impale him into her.

"Oh...my...god..." Cleo gasped, thumping her head onto his chest and swiveling her h*ps to help him find her sweet spot. "Right there, oh god, yes, right there."

Chase thrust into her, trying to ignore the sounds of the other girls next to him, wet kissing, fingers moving inside pussies, giggles and moans. He was slightly embarrassed to be witnessing Kylie and Leah together, but in end gave himself over to being turned on by it. Their soft, sinuous bodies writhed together, pale skin flashing in the lights of Vegas shining through the open curtains. Their laughter faded as they neared release, moans becoming frantic, feminine gasps of ecstasy rising in an erotic chorus.

Chase let himself grunt as he moved inside Cleo, raising his h*ps to meet hers, his large hands nearly spanning her tiny waist, lifting her negligible weight to crash her back down on top of him.

"I'm so close again, Chase," Cleo whispered in his ear, "but I need you on top."

Chase grinned up at her, then flipped her effortlessly, propping his weight on his elbows, his h*ps fitting between her parted thighs. "Like this?"

"Fuck yes," she moaned, wrapping her legs around his ass to pull him against her. "Harder, please."

Chase complied, driving into her slow and hard, drawing out and thrusting in. Cleo's hands clawed down his shoulders as she rolled her p**sy against him, their bodies meeting in a slap of flesh, their mutual moans of pleasure counterpointed by Leah and Kylie next to them coming with tangled screams and shrieks.

Chase's low male growls braided with the three female gasps, and then all became a symphony of orgasm as they all released together, Cleo curling around Chase and growling a high-pitched scream, Chase rasping low in his throat, Kylie and Leah's moans echoing in harmony.

Then all was still and silent but for desperate panting for breath.

Chase moved his weight off Cleo, resting half-on, half-off the bed, one leg planted on the floor, the other across Cleo's legs. Kylie and Leah took up most of the bed, tangled together in a splay of limbs, their breathing soft and rhythmic, gentle snores.

Chase tried to relax and get comfortable, but there were simply too many bodies in the bed, so he slipped off the bed, tugged his boxers on and made his way onto the balcony. The Vegas air was warm and dry, the sound of cars rushing in perpetual traffic, voices filtering up from the sidewalk a dozen stories beneath him.

He was still a little drunk, he realized. The lights around him were blurring and twisting. He heard the sliding glass door open and then close. Cleo joined him, his T-shirt not quite covering her ass, showing she hadn't put on panties. Her bare skin flashed in the darkness, and he felt a stirring of desire for her, something strange and out of place that he didn't understand. He'd just had sex with her, but he felt awkward staring at her bare p**sy peeking out from beneath the shirt. He looked away, and Cleo tugged the shirt lower.

"Couldn't find my panties," she said, sounding as awkward as he felt. "And I need a smoke." She smacked a new pack of Parliament Lights on her palm three times, then ripped the cellophane off, withdrew a cigarette and lit it. She'd brought the nearly-empty bottle of Patron out with her, and she took a swig from it before handing it to Chase.

Cleo's pack of cigarettes sat on the railing with her clear orange Bic lighter, and Chase, feeling an odd compulsion, took a cigarette and lit it.

"I didn't think you smoked," Cleo said, blowing a plume of smoke out of the side of her mouth.

"I don't. Or at least, not anymore. Used to, back in high school."

"Why start now? It's a nasty ass habit, but I love it too much to quit. At least not till I stop touring."

Chase shrugged, coughing as the acrid smoke hit his lungs for the first time in more than ten years. "Not sure. Had a craving, I guess."

Chase took the bottle from Cleo and drank from it, wincing at the burn. Cleo hit it after him then set it down next to her foot, the shirt riding up to bare her small, tight ass. Once again, Chase looked away, unable to shake the strange embarrassment he felt at seeing her nak*d body, now that he was out of the passion of the moment.

They were standing next to each other, close, thighs brushing, arms brushing. Cleo drew on her cigarette, snorted the smoke out of her nostrils, then turned her head to meet Chase's gaze.

On impulse, Chase closed the distance between them, his lips touching hers. Cleo froze in surprise, then eased a little, kissing him back. Their lips moved together, and it wasn't unpleasant, but it just felt...off.

Chase pulled away first, his brows furrowed in confusion. "Cleo, I-"

"That was weird," she said, cutting him off. "Not bad...just...not right."

Chase shook his head, then inhaled smoke, coughing once more. He glanced at the cigarette, then tossed it away half-finished. "Not doing it for me," he muttered, then looked back at Cleo, who was examining the glowing orange tip of her cigarette.

"Cleo, listen-what happened, with us, in there," Chase waved his hand at the glass door. "I'm not sure...I mean..."

Cleo laughed, puffing smoke from mouth and nose. "You don't have to explain, Delany. I get it. It happened. It was good, in the moment. You're...I won't deny, in one way that was the best sex I've ever had. But in another way, it was really, really f**king awkward. I've never gotten it on in a bed with other people." She drank from the bottle again, hissing as it went down. "That's more Kylie and Leah's scene. I've never shared a guy before."

"I've never done anything like that either," Chase admitted. "And like you said, in a way, it was great. Having all three of you go down on me...that was intense. But with you and I-"

"If we'd been alone, I think it might have been different," Cleo said, cutting in over him.

"Yeah."

"But as it is..." Cleo shrugged. "I don't think I could do anything with you again and not have the image of tonight in my head. Even now, all I can see is Kylie and Leah taking turns on you while you kiss me."

Chase ducked his head, a feeling of mutual understand washing between them. "Yeah, exactly."

Silence stretched out, and Cleo finished her smoke, tossed it away, and swigged from the bottle. Chase finished it, and they stood side by side, watching the three a.m. Vegas crowds hustle and bustle below them.

Finally, Chase broke the silence with the question burning unspoken between them. "So...you and I...is there something there?"

Cleo didn't answer right away. "I don't know, Delany. I don't know." She crossed her arms beneath her small, hard br**sts, turning to face him. Her hazel eyes met his, and they searched each other silently. Eventually, Cleo shook her head. "No, I don't think there is. I think there could have been, but..."

Chase nodded. "Yeah, I know what you mean. I almost want to say, 'I'm sorry', or that I'm kinda disappointed. You're a cool chick, and you're hot, and talented. I think there really could've been something."

Cleo shrugged, a little lift of one shoulder. "But that back there...it was fun, but it's not something I'll do again."

"Me either."

Cleo tilted her head, considering her next words. "Also, Chase? I'll say this totally honest. I don't think you're over that other girl. The one you sang the song to."

Chase looked away. "That's complicated."

"Meaning you don't want to talk about it."

Chase stared at the yellow headlights coming at them, the red taillights moving away; as a kid, he'd always thought of the stream of headlights as "bees" and the river of taillights as "wasps."

"I am over her. I mean, I know she's gone, she doesn't want me. I'll admit that still hurts, but I'm past hoping it'll change. She's with Jeff, and she's happy. That's good enough for me. I'll move on. I'll be fine."

"I know it's none of my business," Cleo said, "but I don't think this is the way to go about getting over her." She waved at the hotel room again, meaning what had gone on earlier.

"No, you're probably right. But...I don't know. It's not something that makes sense out loud. I'm not trying to forget her, just...god, how do I say it? I need to get rid of the hold she has on my heart." Chase ran his finger back and forth on the railing, staring at the path of his finger rather than meeting Cleo's too-knowing gaze. "For a long time after she made it clear she didn't love me, I couldn't do anything. I couldn't make myself care about anyone. All I could do was play and write music. Which is all good and well, but...I can't let the pain rule me. I have to get over her."

"I thought you were over her."

"I said it's complicated."

"Meaning you have no f**king idea what you're feeling, because there's just too much going on."

Chase laughed. "Yeah, pretty much."

"My advice, for what it's worth? Give it time." Cleo rested her head against his shoulder, and they stayed like that for a long time. Eventually, Cleo pushed away. "Now get out of here."

"What about Kylie and Leah?"

"They'll be fine. This is what they do. They're...complicated. I'll tell 'em you said 'thanks for a good time.'"

After he got dressed and left the hotel, drunk and dizzy and confused, Chase wandered Vegas on foot, trying to sort out what he was feeling.

He'd told Cleo the truth about Anna; he was as over her as he would get, this soon. Seeing her had hurt, had dredged up a lot of emotions he'd worked to bury. But it had also reinforced the fact that she was gone.

But what he hadn't told Cleo was how Jamie had affected him. She was still there, in his head. Under his skin.

When he'd kissed Cleo on the balcony, the reason he'd pulled away was because all he could think of was Jamie. The pained, tortured look on her face when she'd torn herself away after their kiss. It was brief, but that one kiss had held more tantalizing pressure than Chase had ever felt. He'd been ripped apart by that kiss.

Cleo, Kylie, Leah...he'd had fun, but now, alone after the fact, all he could think of was Jamie. Where was she? What was she doing? Was she with someone else?

He imagined her at a bar, a bottle of beer in her hand, leaning into some half-drunk a**hole with groping hands. The thought of some other guy's paws on Jamie's full, hypnotizing h*ps sent a pang of hurt through Chase. The idea of her going home with that guy, stripping for him, kissing him, touching him, letting him touch her ivory skin...it made Chase crazy with irrational jealousy.

He tried to banish the images, but he couldn't. All he could see was Jamie's fiery curls and green gaze, and then he would see some faceless male clawing at her skin, the sweet flesh that should belong to Chase, but didn't.

He could feel her palm scraping over his scalp as she kissed him, her balm-slick lips sliding on his, teasing him, her full br**sts pushing against him, n**ples pebbling against her bra hard enough to feel through the cotton.

"Fuck," Chase growled aloud.

He swerved off the sidewalk and into a doorway, the bumping bassline from within the club promising a few hours distraction, at least. He sat at the sticky, scratched bar, watching fake-breasted strippers undulate against silver poles. He stuck to beer, lost count, lost track, lost time. The strippers became the same person, after awhile, delirious images of Jamie, nak*d, dancing just for him.

Eventually, he felt Gage slump onto the stool next to him, pry the bottle from his fingers, and drag him out of the club. Gage never said a word, just propped up Chase's dead weight and dragged him into a cab, into their hotel, into bed.

Day came, and with it the oblivion of hangover pain, the haze of travel, set up, performance, and the familiar ritual of going from one show to the next, now drowned in a constant ocean of alcohol.

Women came and went, but none of them stirred his interest.

Jamie stayed in his thoughts, until eventually numbness set in.

CHAPTER 3

Jamie was drunk. Like, really, really drunk. The kind of hammered where she couldn't remember where she was, how she gotten there, or what was going on. She was conscious, but unable to form coherent thoughts. She'd been this way for awhile, she thought. She was starting to gain some control over herself, over her awareness.

Focus, Jamie, she told herself. Wake up.

She wasn't really asleep, but it felt that way. She needed to get her bearings. Something was happening, something was going on. Something not right. Deep breath, think hard, blink...blink.

Jamie breathed in, cleared her vision, squinting straight ahead. A blur of colors, a wash of inchoate images; the faint scent of booze on someone's breath, close, aftershave, male deodorant, male musk; soft breath on her face, the sound of male grunting above her, flesh against flesh, the wet sucking sounds of sex. She focused again, forcing coherency to the world: blank white above her, a ceiling with a trapezoidal area of brighter white from a window. Jamie squinted to her right, saw a window in triplicate, shadows beyond, an orange dot of a streetlamp, a gibbous moon.

The sounds of sex continued, and then Jamie became slowly aware of physical sensation. The sex was happening to her. Another sound filtered through the haze of alcohol: feminine moans of sex enjoyed. Her voice, moaning softly. She was hav**g s*x.

Jamie gathered herself together and focused once more, this time on the blurry pale skin and dark hair and pale blue eyes above her. No one she knew. Thick, shaggy brown hair the color of walnut shell, unkempt, uncut. A goatee, thick as an overgrown shrub, with a few days worth of growth on his cheeks between the goatee and his long sideburns. Pale blue eyes watching her, slightly unfocused, dilated, reddened. A weak chin, thin features, thin, dry, cracked lips. Jamie continued her perusal of the man she was hav**g s*x with, almost apathetically. She wasn't sure who he was or why she was hav**g s*x with him; he certainly wasn't attractive, not in the way she usually liked her men. He looked young, younger than she, more of a manling, a man-boy, which was also not her type. He was skinny, all hard angles and thin, wiry arms, hairy legs. Again, so not her type.

Jamie focused on the rest of her awareness. He did seem to know what he was doing, sexually. Decent rhythm, stroking evenly. He filled her well enough. Not huge, but not tiny. She could feel him inside her, so that was okay. He didn't weigh much, so she wasn't being crushed. That always sucked. He wasn't grunting like some kind of hog, which was nice, just softly groaning low in his throat, a constant sound.

Time to finish this and figure out what the f**k was going on. Jamie pushed at his shoulder. "Roll over."

"'Kay," he said, and complied.

She settled onto him, making sure to keep her weight evenly distributed. He was just a skinny little guy, no sense in breaking him. She would have to hold back a bit; besides, she was feeling queasy and dizzy, and not really in the mood for a wild frenzy.

Jamie adjusted the angle of her h*ps and set a slow rolling rhythm, supporting her weight with her hands next to his face. A little close for comfort, since she didn't know him and wasn't attracted to him, but she could feel a little orgasm coming along nicely, so there was no sense in stopping now. Maybe if she closed her eyes, it would help.

She arched her back and rolled her hips, and let herself gasp a little louder as the tip of his c*ck hit close to her G-spot. Not right on, but close. Close enough.

Then she felt a palm on her side, running up her ribs to cup her full, swaying breast. Wait a second. There were already two hands on her waist, holding her in place. The extra hand gripped her boob, too hard, groping and fumbling awkwardly.

What the fuck?

The hand roamed over her back and down her spine to explore her ass. Jamie turned her head, craning to see who else was in bed with her. She was too drunk to panic, and this seemed like consensual sex anyway. But...two guys? Hell no. The hand slipped up her back and over her shoulder, then back under to grope her tit again. It was a pudgy, hairy hand, short fingers, greedy fingers. Strong, clumsy fingers.

She peered dizzily behind her and saw, yes, another man. This one was the polar opposite of the guy beneath her. Short, stocky, a bit of a belly around the middle, a mat of hair on his chest, small, beady eyes and wet, thick lips. Watery, bloodshot brown eyes, moon-face features. Way, way not her type. And he was on his knees behind her. Was he...? He wasn't. No. No....

Yes, he was.

The moon-faced second guy was on his knees behind her, gripping his short, thick, uncircumcised penis in his hand and stroking it along the crease of her ass.

Um, no.

She croaked, but couldn't get words to come out. She was close to coming, which wasn't helping matters, but having moon-face behind her ostensibly preparing to anally penetrate her was one hell of a turn off.

She croaked again, trying to get the "fuck no you aren't doing that" out past her lips, but it wasn't working.

Then Moon-face spoke. "Are you ready for Big Ben?" As he said this, he gestured with his penis, probing her ass-crack with the tip of his cock.

That got her powers of speech working. "Big Ben? Did you just refer to your penis as... 'Big Ben'?"

The guy beneath her choked back a laugh. Jamie felt an orgasm quavering within her, absurdly, impossibly timed. She couldn't stop her body's rolling rhythm now. Couldn't.

Moon-face-whose name was probably Ben...she seemed to hazily remember meeting a Ben...and a Brad-hesitated, licked his lips, assessing whether she thought this was funny and/or hot.

"Yes?" He said, his tone of voice lost between a statement and a question.

Jamie, coming now, couldn't quite express her disbelief. "Are you-oh god, oh god-are you f**king serious? Big Ben? Does that make the rest of you-oh god, yes-Little Ben?"

The guy beneath her laughed out loud, now, and then groaned as he came. Jamie didn't feel the hot rush of seed when he spasmed, so he was wearing a condom, thank god.

Jamie felt something hot and hard probing her ass again.

"No, a**hole." She threw herself clumsily off the guy beneath her, away from the probing nastiness of Big Ben/Little Ben. "And I also mean that literally. No a**hole. Not for you. Not for anyone. Not ever."

Jamie may have been...experienced, sexually, but she drew the line at anal. Not gonna happen. Especially not like this. Not with him.

Ben shrugged, his face pouting comically. "Um...okay, then."

Jamie was overcome by a rush of dizziness, and lay back in the bed, palm over her eyes.

"So...can you at least help me out, here?" Ben asked. "You can't leave me hanging like this."

Jamie squinted at him, feeling floppy and disconnected from herself, severed from reality. She was beginning to come down a little, and she found herself not caring about anything, especially now that her virgin little a**hole was safe from probing.

Ben was lying down next to her, not too close, thankfully. The bed they were all three in was big, king-sized, probably. Good thing, too. Jamie watched her hand reach out, wondering what it was doing.

Oh, that.

Her hand fisted around Ben's penis and began to pump. He grunted, porcine, thrusting his h*ps into her hand. Jamie felt her lip curling in something that would have been disgust if she'd been able to feel anything, but, thankfully, she was numb emotionally and mentally.

And that, she abruptly remembered, was the reason she'd gotten so hammered in the first place: to achieve numbness, to forget him.

Ben grunted one last time, h*ps thrust up, and then came onto her hand and his belly. Jamie's eyes were closed, sparing her having to watch. She cracked her eyes open and stared at her hand, barely suppressing a shudder of revulsion.

What... the fuck... am I doing?

Jamie slid down the bed and off the foot end, glancing around the room. The only article of her clothing she could find among the piles of towels and jeans and boxers and T-shirts was her panties. She scooped them up and donned them, grateful to not be totally nude anymore.

The guy whose name she hadn't remembered yet-but which she strongly felt might be Brad-got up and found her bra and T-shirt, handing it to her wordlessly before getting a pair of gym shorts from his dresser next to the window. Ben didn't move, just watched the proceedings disinterestedly. He stared openly, not even bothering to disguise his blatant ogling. Jamie tried to ignore his leering gaze as she hooked her bra beneath her br**sts and then span it around her body to stuff her boobs in.

Eventually, she snapped. "Would you look somewhere else please? Big Ben ain't getting' nothin' else from me, I can promise you that."

The other guy, tugging his shirt over his head, glanced at Ben. "Dude. Enough already. Get the f**k out."

"I'm tired, now, man."

"I don't give a shit. Get the f**k out."

Ben frowned, shrugging. "Fine, man. Whatever." He stuffed his feet into a pair of shorts that hung past his knees, then tugged a Bob Marley shirt on. As he exited the room, he said, "call me later, Brad. We'll blaze. I'm getting an 'O' from my hookup tomorrow."

Brad nodded. "Sure thing, dude."

Jamie watched all this with a dawning comprehension. She pulled her shirt on, saw her Steve Madden sandals by the door and slipped her feet into them, stumbling from one foot to the other. "You're a stoner?"

Brad shrugged. "I smoke down, yeah. Why?"

Jamie just shook her head. "I'm really hammered. I don't remember...well, shit. I don't remember a damn thing. I wasn't even sure what your name was until 'Big Ben' said it."

Brad's face pinched in confusion. "You don't remember anything?" He stuffed his feet into a pair of ADIDAS sports sandals. "We met at Duggan's. You sat down with us and started flirting. We did some shots of tequila and then you suggested going back to my place for a threesome. I thought you were joking, but...you weren't. I couldn't believe my luck."

Jamie rubbed her forehead. "I suggested it? Shit. With you two?" She left the bedroom and found the kitchen, saw her purse sitting on the counter by the microwave.

"With us two? What's that supposed to mean?"

Jamie washed her hands in the kitchen sink, almost frantically. "Nothing. Don't worry about it. Did I drive here? Please tell me I didn't."

Brad shook his head. "I only had a beer and a shot, so I drove."

"Were you high?"

He shrugged, a tiny roll of his shoulders. "A little." He took a box of Cheez-Its from a cabinet and opened them, offered them to Jamie, who took some. "Does it matter? I wasn't drunk, and I wasn't, like, crazy-blazed. I was fine."

Jamie suppressed her desire to tell him driving high was just as stupid as driving drunk. He was her ride back to her car, so she held her tongue.

They munched on crackers, and then Brad pulled a pair of Dr. Peppers from the fridge.

After a while, Brad said, "Sorry about Ben. He's kind of a douche. He has this hookup for some seriously amazing bud, so I hang out with him. But...he's a douche."

Jamie studiously examined a cracker. "If he's a douche, why the hell did you agree to a three-way with him?"

Brad shook his head and shrugged. "I don't f**king know. You're the hottest girl who's ever paid attention to me, so I guess I just went with it for the chance to get with you. I may have been a bit more blazed than I thought, though. Now it seems like a kind of bad idea."

"You think? 'Are you ready for Big Ben?' Who the f**k names their c*ck that?"

Brad laughed. "Right? I can't believe he actually said that. Like, he was totally serious."

"No, he really was." Jamie laughed, but only to cover the shudder of disgust.

Brad was silent for a while. "I kind of feel like I should apologize. If you don't remember anything, you must have been pretty hammered when you sat down with us."

Jamie sighed. "Yeah. It's probably my own fault, though. I'm the kind of person who you can't tell how drunk they are. I could be obliterated and you won't know it. If you can see me looking impaired, like I'm stumbling or slurring or whatever, then I'm probably beyond schwasted and about to pass out."

Brad toyed with the tab of his soda can, not looking at Jamie. "So...you really don't remember anything?"

"No, honestly. I sort of came to in the middle of hav**g s*x with you. Everything before that is a blank."

Brad kept his eyes averted. "Oh. I guess I thought we sort of hit it off at Duggan's. I thought you and I...maybe we could-"

Jamie winced. "Brad, listen, I'm sorry. This whole thing is weird and uncomfortable for me. I don't know you. I don't remember meeting you, and that's just the hard, honest truth." She set her empty can by the sink. "I'd really like to just go home. Is there a bus stop nearby? Or..."

Brad shook his head. "A bus stop? Have you ever actually ridden a SMART bus? It's terrifying, and that's not even mentioning the crazy people." He set his can down next to Jamie's, staring at the two cans together as if they represented something that could have been, but would never be. "I'll take you to your car. Come on."

The ride from Brad's apartment, which was in Hazel Park, back to Duggan's in Royal Oak was one long awkward silence. Woodward Avenue was empty at three thirty in the morning, a single SMART bus rumbling along the right hand lane, spewing clouds of diesel exhaust. Duggan's was dark, Jamie's battered blue Buick LeSabre one of a few cars left in the lot.

As Jamie was sliding out of Brad's old red F-150, he touched her elbow to stop her. "Could I call you, sometime?"

Jamie sighed, not turning around to look at him. "Brad, I'm sorry. I'm gonna be brutally honest here. I just want to go home and try to forget this ever happened. It's not really you, per se. You're a nice guy. Sex with you was nice. But I'm just...I'm f**ked up, okay? This was a mistake, an awful drunken mistake. There's so much I'm trying to forget, and this is just one more thing." She shook her head, almost angrily. "I'm sorry, I don't know why I said all that."

Brad didn't answer for a long moment. "It was 'nice', huh? That's the kiss of death for a guy. I get it, though."

"I'm sorry, Brad. Really. I wish I knew what else to say-"

"No, it's fine. It really is. I had a good time, except for-"

"Except for Big Ben," Jamie filled in. She turned and grinned at Brad as she stood up, leaning down to look into the open door. "A word of advice, from a woman to a man? Next time you try to score with a chick, leave the creepy douchebag out of it. Things may have gone differently if he hadn't have been there harshing my mellow, or whatever it is you stoners say."

Brad just laughed. "Yeah, I'm starting to see that." He put the truck in drive. "Anyway, you're here. So...thanks. And Jamie? Good luck forgetting. But remember, sometimes you can't forget, and shouldn't. Sometimes you need to remember the bad shit, so when the good times come along, they'll mean that much more to you."

Jamie closed the door and Brad drove away, back south down Woodward. She stood watching his taillights recede, hearing his last words echoing in her head.

Maybe forgetting Chase was impossible. Maybe she should just go on with her life and try to let go, rather than wishing for the impossible and hating life when it didn't happen.

Jamie drove home to her apartment in Clawson, barely seeing the road. With every mile, something hot and acidic rose in her gut, as much emotional as physical. By the time she was unlocking her front door, she was holding it back by force of will.

She slammed her door behind her and ran into the bathroom, dropping her purse on the floor as she fell to her knees and vomited into the toilet. She brought up everything she'd had to drink, everything she'd eaten, and then vomited more. When she felt done, she sank back sit on her thighs, her feet tucked beneath her, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. Then her vindictive subconscious brought up an image of Ben, kneeling behind her, waving his chode-like penis at her, and then she had a sensory memory of Ben spooging onto her hand, and she vomited again, bringing up bile this time.

She slumped with her cheek against the toilet rim, holding back what felt suspiciously like tears.

She couldn't cry. She didn't cry. Not about guys. Not about doing the walk of shame. Not about waking up in strange apartments, or hav**g s*x with guys she didn't know. She did not cry.

She needed to talk to someone. Jamie dug her phone out of her purse and dialed Anna, knowing she'd answer even though it was four in the morning.

Anna answered on the third ring. "Jay? What's up? It's four a.m., hooker."

"I know, I'm sorry to call you at this hour, but...I f**ked up, Anna. Really f**ked up. Can you come over?"

"Shit. Are you hurt? Pregnant?"

"What? No. Not like that. Just...I need my best friend."

Anna paused before answering. "You broke your vow of celibacy, didn't you?" Jamie didn't answer, just sniffled as she struggled to hold back the tears, and that was enough for Anna. "Oh, shit. You're crying? I'll be there in a few minutes."

As she disconnected, Jamie heard Anna talking to Jeff in the background, telling him she didn't know when she'd be back. Jamie tossed the phone in her purse, stood up unsteadily, and brushed her teeth. She stripped, turned on the shower and let it run hot, staring at herself in the steam-fogged mirror.

She stepped under the stream of scalding hot water and scrubbed herself until her skin was red and raw, and then let the water soak her until the hot water ran out. Jamie was sniffling nonstop now, but refused to let the tears fall. She put on her favorite sleep T-shirt, an ancient thing with Eeyore on the front that used to be black but was now faded closer to gray.

Jamie climbed into bed, curled into a ball, and focused on not crying.

She'd been holding it back for so long. Not just tonight. The thing with Ben and Brad was the last straw, the tipping point. She'd been denying herself the emotions, pushing them down, bottling them up and ignoring them.

Now, whether she liked it or not, they were all coming up, coming out.

She heard the apartment door open and close, and then Anna appeared in her bedroom door, a box of donuts in one hand, the other holding a cup-tray with two Tim Horton's cups. Anna was sleep-mussed, long blonde hair tied up in a messy bun, wearing yoga pants, Uggs, and a several-sizes-too-big Dopey T-shirt every bit as old as Jamie's Eeyore one. She had makeup smeared under her eyes, and as she sat down on the bed, Jamie caught a whiff of sex from her.

"I brought you a hazelnut mocha, extra whipped cream. Plus, a dozen assorted donuts, with a few extra honey crullers." Anna set the donuts and coffee on the dresser, kicked off her boots and sat cross-legged next to Jamie. "Talk, Jay. What happened?"

Jamie tried to sit up, but couldn't. She rolled to her back and met Anna's worried blue eyes. "I got drunk."

Anna frowned. "Well, that's not too unusual, though, right?"

"No, Anna. I mean, really, really drunk. Blacked out drunk."

"Oh."

"And I woke up in a strange apartment."

Anna winced. "Shit."

"Yeah. Except it wasn't really waking up, exactly. It was more...coming to...in the middle of hav**g s*x. With a guy I don't remember meeting, whose name I didn't know until afterward."

Anna's eyes slid closed. "Jamie."

"I know. Shut up, though. It gets worse."

"Worse? How the hell can it get worse?"

Jamie squeezed her eyes closed, near panic as the tears welled up. "There was another guy in the bed." Anna made a strangled noise, but Jamie spoke over it. "He...I was on top, and the guy I was hav**g s*x with had his hands on my hips, you know how they do, holding on right where your legs meet your hips? Well, then I felt this other hand start touching my boobs. And then I saw this guy behind me. God, Anna. You don't understand how drunk I was. It was hard to see anything. Like, past seeing double. I saw this guy, right? And you know what he was about to do? Yeah, you can guess, can't you?"

"You didn't, Jamie. Tell me you didn't let him."

"Hell no. He had his short little chode-dick in his hand and he was...god I'm gonna puke again...he was tickling my asscrack with it."

Anna put two fingers to her mouth and puffed out her cheeks, making a heaving noise.

Jamie laughed, a choked, humorless sound. "This is the best part though. Or worst, depending on how you look at it. You know what this guy said to me? As he was about to anally penetrate me, he said, and I quote, 'Are you ready for Big Ben?'"

Anna blinked several times, processing. "Are you serious? He actually said that?"

"Yes, he did. And no, he wasn't joking. His name was Ben, and he named his dick Big Ben."

"That's...I don't even know what that is. Terrible. Funny, but terrible."

Jamie nodded. "Yeah. So I put a stop to the anal real fast. But I guess I lied when I said that was the worst part."

Anna covered her face with her hand. "There's more?"

Jamie closed her eyes and drew a deep, shuddering breath. "Let me just preface this with a reminder that I was still drunk and I had no idea what was happening. I think I thought it was all a bad dream, or something. I still want to think it was. But...anyway. This Ben guy. He was sitting there, all pouty, with this pathetic hard-on. And he begged me to help him out."

"You didn't. Please Baby Jesus, tell me you didn't go down on him."

"Well no, I didn't do that. I gave him a hand job. I have this image in my head, now. I mean, I didn't want to touch his dick. But part of me seemed to be...I don't know...acting by itself or something. I watched my hand reach out of its own volition and grab him. I closed my eyes at that point, but I can't get this memory out of my head of him coming on my hand. With the right guy, I don't mind that, you know? I mean, I'm not a money shot kind of girl-that's nasty-but if I'm into the guy, I don't mind having his come on me. But this guy...I can't describe him 'cause I swear to god I'll puke again if I do. He was such a creeper. It wasn't how he looked, exactly, it was just...him. I was getting dressed and this guy was just staring at me. Watching me get dressed. With what he'd said and was about to do to me...no lube, no prep, nothing? It was creepy." Jamie shivered dramatically, choking back bile and tears.

Anna slumped back against the headboard. "Jamie. Ohmigod, Jamie. How-and why-do you get yourself into these situations?"

"I don't know, Anna. I don't know. I wish I knew," Jamie heard herself say.

She knew it was a lie, though. She knew precisely why she'd gotten herself into that situation. She'd gone out drinking to drown out thoughts of him, of Chase. Then, at some point, she'd decided to try and erase her need for Chase with other guys.

She couldn't tell Anna any of this, though.

What she said was, "Anna, I'm tired of being a slut."

"You're not-"

"I am. We've been over this. I...am...a...slut. I know it, and I own it. I like sex. I love sex. I'm a twelve-step program away from being a nymphomaniac."

"So choose not to be."

"It's not that easy, Anna. I wish it was. I tried. I kept my vow from Vegas until now, no sex, not even my own fingers. Not even Mr. Pinky McVibrator. And you know how much I love my Mr. Pinky."

"Yes, Jay. I know you love him. I loved my Mr. Pinky too."

"Then you found Jeff and now you don't need Mr. Pinky, 'cause you have Mr. Long Hard and Attached to a Real Man Who Loves You."

"So what happened?"

"I don't know." Jamie hated the lie, hated that she could see the knowledge of Jamie's lie in Anna's eyes.

"Jay. I'm your best friend. Tell me."

"No."

"Jamie."

"Anna."

"Okay, fine." Anna stood up and paced away, grabbed her coffee and sipped it. "There's something you're not telling me. If you need your secrets, then fine, whatever."

"It's not that I don't want to tell you. I just...can't. Not yet." Jamie managed to sit up as she said this.

The hurt in Anna's eyes was more than Jamie could take. One tear slid down her cheek, and then another, and then a third, and then she was bawling helplessly, curled up around a pillow, wracked with bone-shuddering sobs.

Anna knew there was nothing to say, so she sat grabbed the box of Kleenex from the back of the toilet and sat down next to Jamie with it, stroking her curly red hair out of her face as she wept.

When the storm of tears quieted, Anna drew Jamie's head into her lap and looked down at her best friend. "You know I love you, Jamie. You know I'll never judge you. You know there's nothing you could do to make me not be your best friend. I won't ask you again. Just know...I'm here, okay? If and when you're ready to spill, I'll be ready to listen."

"I know. And thanks."

Anna drew a deep breath, and Jamie knew the ass-kicking was about to ensue. "You know too that I can't let you get away with this bullshit without kicking your ass."

"I know."

"It's not about the vow of celibacy, Jay. That was just my attempt to help you see that you can enjoy life and enjoy being yourself without sex. Especially without cheap sex." Anna twirled the end of one of Jamie's curls between her index finger and thumb. "But in the end, you have to want to be different inside yourself."

"I know, Anna."

"No, I don't think you do." Anna met Jamie's eyes, her blue gaze hard, now. "Have some goddamn self-respect, Jamie. Quit putting out for chumps and douchebags. Wait for a real man, a good man. If that guy-the guy-comes along, and you have no standards, no self-respect, then he won't respect you. And a guy that doesn't respect you will walk all over you. You'll be little more than his sex-slave. You have want better for yourself."

Jamie couldn't help the renewal of tears Anna's brutally honest words engendered. "Easy for you to say."

Anna drew back, stung. "Really? You think so? You were there when I was with Bruce. You think I just magically figured all this out? Everything that happened with Chase...running off to New York to f**k him, and then running back to Jeff? God, Jamie. I hate myself for leaving Jeff like I did. I was too chicken to see what I had with a damn good man who loved me, so I ran off to be with someone else. Someone like Chase."

"What's wrong with Chase?" Jamie couldn't help defending him.

"Nothing. It's not about Chase. He's a good guy. He'll make someone very happy someday, if he ever learns to settle down. But he's a rockstar, and you can't expect a rockstar to be faithful. I can't live like that. He wouldn't have been able to give me the attention and love I needed. He's too focused on his career."

"You don't know that. Maybe he could have."

Anna looked at Jamie with suspicion in her eyes. "No, maybe you're right. But I've made my choice, and I don't regret it for a moment. Chase wasn't right for me. I didn't love him. I never did. Maybe I could have, but I'll never know that, will I? Why are you pushing this?"

Jamie wiped her eyes. "Sorry. I don't know. I just...I don't know. You have Jeff and you're deliriously happy. I'm happy for you." She couldn't keep the jealousy out of her voice."

Anna sighed. "It'll happen for you, Jay. It will. Just...learn to be okay within yourself. For yourself. It'll happen. Probably when you least expect it."

Jamie felt exhaustion creeping over her. "I know. I will." She peered up at Anna through sleep-heavy eyes. "Just make me one promise."

"What?"

"Love me forever and be my BFF, no matter what?"

"You know it, hooker. No matter what."

Jamie pretended to fall asleep, listening to Anna let herself out. Real sleep soon washed over her, but not before the inevitable thoughts of Chase made their way through her mind and heart.

She couldn't tell Anna what she was feeling for Chase. Not yet. Maybe not ever. Anna had promised to be her BFF no matter what, but if Jamie and Chase were to be together, Anna would be reminded of everything that had happened between her and Chase every time she saw him. And considering how close Anna and Jamie were, that would be often.

Jamie sank into sleep, knowing Chase was an impossibility.

That didn't stop her heart from crying out for him, or her body from needing him.

CHAPTER 4

Jamie sighed as she placed the last stack of folded Cacique panties on the display table. She'd been folding and putting away the stock order for hours, after an insanely busy Saturday afternoon rush. She was exhausted, emotionally, mentally, and physically.

It had been a little over two months since her drunken debauchery with Ben and Brad, and in the intervening weeks she'd kept almost strictly to herself. She worked a huge amount of hours at Lane Bryant as it was, then she'd been promoted to Assistant Manager and her hours had only increased.

The busyness had been good for her. She worked, went to the gym, and went home. She'd been studiously avoiding her drinking buddies, knowing if she went out with them, she'd fall right back into her old ways. Meaning, she'd end up doing the walk of shame again.

She'd gotten back on the celibacy wagon, which was good, but sucked. She was busy, she was in shape, and she was learning to be content by herself.

But then, that was the problem: Jamie was lonely.

Anna was busier than ever with Jeff and their ever-expanding DJ business, so Jamie didn't even have her BFF to hang out with as much as she used to. That was fine, she told herself. Anna was happier than she'd ever been. Good for her.

Jamie was keeping her legs closed and staying off her back. That was a good thing.

Maybe when she met Mr. Right sex with him would be, like, the best ever. The problem was, if she was keeping to herself all the time, how was she supposed to meet him?

The other problem, the real problem, was that Chase wouldn't leave her thoughts. She hadn't seen him in nearly three months, and all those weeks, all those days hadn't dulled her desire for him. He was still on her mind when she fell asleep, still in her heart when she sat in the bathtub with a bottle of wine and Mumford and Sons on repeat.

Yeah, she still drank too much, she just did it alone. Which was even more pathetic, in her opinion.

Jamie glanced around the store one last time, making sure everything was in place for the opener tomorrow morning. She'd let the other two girls go home early once the rush died down, so she was locking up alone.

Just as well. No one to goad her into going out with them.

She shut off the lights, locked the doors, and made her way across the parking lot, nose buried in her phone as she checked Facebook. The status updates weren't helping, of course. It was Saturday night, just past midnight, and all her friends' statuses were the same. Everyone was out, and drunk, and having a great time.

"Lynn tagged you in a photograph...." But of course, the pic was a self-taken shot of Lynn and her boyfriend Aaron making out at The Post Bar, and the caption was, Jamie u whore where the f**k are you, chica! You should b partying with us rt now!

The Post Bar. Ugh. Posers and douchetards getting hammered and pretending to be cool.

That used to be me, Jamie realized. Suddenly, it didn't interest her as much. Yeah, she was turning into a lonely old hag, and she was probably only a few dozen cats away from being the cat lady, but for some reason going to the bar to get blitzed and flirt with guys who'd bathed in cologne and popped their collars and shuffled around in their Puma shoes just didn't seem as appetizing as it used to be.

Jamie unlocked her Buick and opened the door, scrolling through her Facebook feed until she reached posts she'd already seen. She heard a vehicle approaching from behind her, but didn't turn to look as she slid into her car, the leather cold on her thighs.

"Jamie!" A male voice called. "Get in!"

Jamie clapped her hand to her chest, having jumped clear off the seat in surprise. She glanced up to see Vince hanging out the window of his silver Excursion. Vince's girlfriend Nina waved from the passenger seat, and then the window behind Vince's rolled down to reveal the one face she couldn't say no to: Lane, her openly g*y other best friend.

"Jamie, darling, we're going to Harpo's," Lane announced, throwing open the door, hopping out to drag Jamie towards the mammoth SUV. "We've got an extra ticket since my loser boyfriend got called in to work tonight. You're coming."

Jamie had to make a token effort to say no. "Lane, I can't. I'm exhausted. I worked a double today, and we had the inventory order come in. I just want to go home and collapse."

Lane stuck his tongue out at her, shoving her into the car, pushing on her ass to get her through the door. Lane was a twink, thin, absurdly beautiful with startling blue eyes and angelic features, manicured fingernails and impeccable fashion sense. Jamie could have flattened him with ease, if she wanted to, but she also knew Lane wouldn't take no for an answer. He would just pester and whine and harp on her until she agreed.

Besides, she'd been good for months. She could afford to unwind a little.

"Jamie, chica, you've been avoiding us for months. It's time to get out and have some fun." Lane reached across her body and buckled her in, then wrapped his arm around her shoulders and gave her a squeeze, kissing her cheek. "I can only let you be lame for so long, then it becomes my honor-bound duty to drag you for a fun night of drinking with your g*y husband."

Jamie laughed, Lane's irrepressible humor and infectious sense of fun getting to her and lightening her mood. "Fine, but you have to have my back."

Lane pretended to swoon as if mortally wounded. "Of course I have your back. How could you even doubt me?"

"I mean you have to keep me out of trouble. Drinking a bit, fine. Letting me do the walk of shame, not fine."

Lane lifted his index finger. "Ah. Now that I can do. When did you join the nunnery, if I may ask?"

"Don't be a dick, Lane. I'm not a nun. I'm just taking a break from my role as a hopeless slutbag."

"You're not hopeless," Lane said, smirking.

Jamie smacked his shoulder. "So you agree I'm a slutbag, then?"

Lane narrowed his eyes. "This sounds like a verbal trap, but I'll go ahead and spring it. Baby girl, you're probably the only person who's f**ked more guys than me. And that's saying something."

Jamie sighed. "That's what I was afraid of. I mean, I knew it. But...maybe I don't want that to be me anymore."

Lane, ever on his toes, nodded, his expression serious and genuinely concerned. "Well, sweetie, all I can say is, if that's what you want, then you have to make it happen. Matty turned me around, that's for sure. I haven't so much as kissed another boy in the year and half I've been dating Matty. Which for me, is a record. Usually I'm bored and sucking c*ck in the bathroom by week three."

Jamie laughed, because it was funny, but also because it was true. Her expression sobered quickly though. "Are you in love with Matt? Are you happy?"

Lane glanced past Jamie out the window, thinking before he answered. "Yes, I think I am. When my need to keep him happy and faithful to me outweighs my desire for all the shiny new boytoys, you know he has to mean something important. I don't want to let Matty down by being a ho, so I choose not to be a ho." He shrugged as if it was simple math.

Jamie nodded, but inwardly question how easy it really was. "Well, if works for you, it can work for me. I just need to find the guy to inspire me down the straight and narrow."

Lane laughed. "No, honey. The straight and narrow is a myth. I'm still kinky as hell. I just get everything I need from him. That's why it works."

They chatted for the rest of the ride down to Harpo's and Jamie never even thought to question who they were going to see play. It didn't matter, after all. She wasn't going for the music.

When they entered the club, a band was finishing up their set with an instrumental hard rock number. Jamie and Lane got their drinks from the bar, and then made their way to the railing overlooking the pit. Vince, Nina and John and Kelly, who were friends of Nina's that Jamie didn't know, went down to the pit to get good spots for the next band, who it seemed they were there to see.

Jamie and Lane made small talk as the techies cleared the stage and reset it for the main act, then the lights went down and the distinct sounds of the band warming up clattered over the crowd.

"Do you know who this is about to play?" Jamie asked Lane.

Lane shrugged. "No, not really. I've heard Vince and Nina talking about this show for weeks, but they bought the tickets. I'm just along for the fun. I'm more of a Britney fan anyway, you know that. Hard rock is so not my thing."

The lights came up slowly, purple and red and blue washing in strobing pools over the stage. Then a spotlight lanced through the gloom to illuminate the lead singer.

Jamie's heart stopped.

"Hey guys. It's great to be back in D-town. How's everybody doing?" The crowd went nuts, and when they settled down, he continued. "Awesome. Well, we're Six Foot Tall, as you might have guessed, and I'm Chase Delany. So tell me, are ya'll ready to rock?"

Jamie was frozen to the spot, one hand clutching her third vodka cranberry, the other gripping the railing in a fist so tight her knuckles were white. No. No. Not now. I was just starting to be okay.

That was a lie. She wasn't okay. She would never be okay as long as Chase Delany was alive and not hers.

She watched him rile the crowd all through the first number, getting them pumped and wild, moshing with violent abandon, psyching them into a frenzy. She couldn't take her eyes off him. She was close enough to see his features, but too far to make out anything detailed. She needed to see him up close. She needed him to see her; she was afraid of what would happen if he did see her.

Jamie turned to Lane and sank her clawed hand into the muscle of his arm. "It's him."

Lane looked at her as if she'd sprouted horns. "Retract the claws, kitten, you're hurting my arm." Jamie forced her hand to her side, and Lane shook his arm, wincing. "Damn girl, you got some grip. Now what the hell are you talking about? You know him? I admit, he's one fine-ass piece of man-meat."

"It's Chase. Chase. Anna's Chase."

Lane's eyes widened. "Oh, shit." Lane looked from Jamie to Chase, who was standing at stage-edge, his eyes locked on Jamie, never missing a beat of his Kid Rock-style rap number. "Wait. You said 'him' like he meant something to you."

Jamie turned away, realizing she was dangerously close to admitting something no one could ever know. "No. Never mind."

Lane leaned back, examining Jamie as if seeing her for the first time. "Girl, you're lying through your teeth. It's me we're talking about here. If you can't tell your g*y husband about it, who can you tell?"

"No one. Never. It's nothing. There's nothing to tell." She drained her rocks glass and shook it. "Whaddya know, I'm empty. How about another round?" She turned away to escape to the bar.

Lane grabbed her by the shoulders and span her around to face him. "I don't think so, sweetheart. You're not getting out it that easy. Now, let me see if I have this straight. He's your BFF's ex. If I remember correctly, that was a messy situation, in which he ended up with a broken heart. Yes?" Jamie nodded. "And you're in love with him. I can see that much for myself. You don't even have to say it. The question is, does he know? Does he love you back?"

Jamie licked her lips and squeezed her eyes shut, refusing to let her emotions fly away from her. "It's impossible, Lane. Impossible. Completely and totally. There's no point in even discussing it."

"Nothing is impossible when it comes to love, kitten. Trust me on this. Matty is as far away from my type as a man can get, but it works. It may seem impossible, but you never know what can happen, right?"

Jamie shook her head, staring at the ceiling, refusing to even blink. When she had control over herself, she said, "No, Lane. He and Anna...they can't see each other. It would cause both of them too much pain. I just...I have to get over him."

Lane's voice was achingly tender. "Jamie, baby. You know I love you, so you know I'm saying this out of an attempt to help you. You're seriously about three seconds away from ugly crying over this guy right here in the middle of Harpo's. That's not something you can just get over."

"I have to," she whispered.

Lane shook his head. "No. Live your life for you. Anna's your BFF, she'll understand. She may not like it. It may be awkward, it may break every rule in the girlfriend handbook, but when love comes knocking, you answer."

"Lane-"

He cut her off with a palm over her mouth. "You listen to me, Jamie Grace Dunleavy. Go down there and do something. Just talk to him. Ancient Chinese proverb say, 'A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.' So take a step." He pushed her gently backwards, turned her toward the stairs leading to the pit and slapped her ass. "Go. And if things go FUBAR, you can blame me."

Jamie hesitated, then glanced at the stage. He was prowling across the stage like a caged lion, growling a metal number, but his eyes never left her. She made her way through the jostling, moshing crowd to the very front of the stage and stared up at him, her hands at her sides, perfectly still amidst the chaos of the pit. The song ended and their signature ballad "Far From You" started, a haunting guitar refrain under-laid by a grumbling, chugging bass and almost jazz-like snare-drum taps. Chase sang entire song crouched at the edge of the stage, his eyes locked on Jamie's.

She looked at him unflinching, watching a bead of sweat run down his scalp to drip off his nose, then another runnel down his temple and drifting into a smear on his stubble-dark cheek. He was shirtless, a plain white T-shirt gripped in his fist, which he wiped across his brow every once in a while, wearing a pair of leather pants and knee-high shit-kicker boots cris-crossed by straps and buckles and studded by short metal spikes. His thick, toned arms glistened with sweat, and his rippling abs moved as he breathed and sang, the sheen of sweat glinting, teasing, tantalizing.

Jamie wanted nothing so much as to jump up on stage, shove him to the floor and rip his pants off, lick the sweat from his body and rub her hands across his slick skin. She wanted to feel his c*ck in her hands, she wanted to taste his come in her mouth and feel him fill her p**sy as he thrust into her.

She wanted to let him tie her up and tease her for hours. She wanted to blindfold him and torture him with a thousand kisses over his flesh and on his stone-solid arousal until he begged and pleaded with her to let him come.

Jamie bit her lip, picturing these things. She felt her n**ples harden, felt her core grow hot and damp. She found her fingers drifting down to the waistband of her skirt and slipping beneath it.

She wanted to touch herself, thinking of Chase nak*d for her, tied up and blindfolded, laid out to her mercy. She wanted to make herself come thinking about Chase's c*ck dripping with pre-come, smeared with her juices and her saliva, the thick purple veins standing out on the silky flesh.

Jamie gasped, realizing she was actually touching herself right there in the middle of the moshing crowd, with Chase watching her. She jerked her hand out of her skirt and wiped it on her blouse, then smelled her fingers out of some odd reflex. She stank of female arousal.

She glanced up at Chase, who seemed transfixed, his eyes wide, the cords in his neck standing out, his fist gripping the mic so tight she could see the straining tendons of his hand. He was still performing, still singing the final chorus of the ballad in his deep, rich voice. But as he stood up and turned away from the crowd, she could see a huge telltale bulge in his pants. His bassist nudged him and said something, laughing, and Chase shook his head irritably.

Chase didn't turn around for a few moments, waiting as the next number began, this one another driving metal song. Jamie stood watching him, keeping her thoughts away from dangerous territory.

Then, after an amount of time Jamie couldn't have measured, their set ended and Chase left the stage with a backward glance at Jamie. A few seconds later, she felt a huge hand wrap around her arm. "Miss? Please come with me. Mr. Delany asked me to bring you backstage."

She complied, ignoring the jealous murmuring of the other girls around her who'd overheard. She followed the security guard, who was roughly the size and shape of a silverback gorilla, through the crowd to the backstage area. He led her to a door, knocked once, then opened it, ushering Jamie through. She stepped in and the door closed softly behind her, latching with a snick of declarative finality.

Chase sat on a threadbare couch, one long arm slung casually across the back, one leg stretched out across the cushions, the other gripping his T-shirt in a tight fist.

Jamie stood with her back to the door, breath coming in ragged, panting gasps. It took every ounce of willpower to keep from crossing the room and covering his magnificent body with hers, tangling her tongue against his, tasting the sweat and cold water on his mouth.

He rose up from the couch in a lithe, graceful movement, his expression roiling with emotion. Then he licked his lips, opened his mouth as if to speak, and Jamie was undone. The sight of his mouth, lips parted, teeth white...she had to taste him.

She lunged, crossing the three feet between them, crushing her br**sts against his bare chest, wrapping her palms over the back of his head and neck. Her lips met his with desperate need.

He tasted as she'd imagined, as she remembered, of sweat from his lips, of ice-cold water from the bottle on the floor by the couch, and faintly of alcohol.

Jamie moaned as she kissed him, and that sound spurred him into life. His huge hand curled around her waist to rest on the small of her back, his other burying itself in her curls near her ear.

They kissed until their breath merged, until they were gasping, chests heaving. Jamie felt his erection at her belly, and her core surged hot and wet at the feel of him.

"I want you so f**king bad," she whispered into his lips.

"I'm right here," Chase growled. "And goddamn it, I've dreamt of you every night. Wet dreams of you nak*d, touching yourself like you did out in the crowd."

Jamie felt herself flush. "This is still impossible."

"I know. But...I don't care. I need you." He rumbled in his chest, a sound of frustration. "I don't care if that makes me weak for admitting. I need you, Jamie."

She sagged into him. "I need you too. So what do we do?"

Chase shrugged. "Fuck if I know. I can't think for needing you, wanting you. All I can think of is kissing you again." His hand clawed into the muscle of her ass, sinking into the silk of her skirt, pulling her against him. "I want to take you on the couch, right now."

Jamie whimpered. "Don't you f**king dare say shit like that."

"Why not?"

"Because I want that so bad...so bad. I'm about to let you. I'm this close to ripping those stupid, sexy leather pants off and raping you on the goddamn floor." Jamie was trembling from head to toe, shaking with fear and need and lust and excitement.

Chase's hands were shaking too, his breathing was shuddering, his c*ck a hard rod between them. "Fuck, Jamie. We can't. We can't. If we do, there's no going back."

Jamie laughed mirthlessly. "There's already no going back."

"I know."

Jamie lifted her chin to gaze up at him, her palms caressing the stubble on his scalp at the back of his head. She knew she shouldn't be here. She knew this couldn't be, couldn't happen, but it already was happening.

She lifted up on her toes to kiss him, and something deep in her heart caught, tripped, and shattered. His lips were tender on hers, tasting her mouth, not demanding more but exploring, treasuring.

His palm slid down her ass to pull up the skirt, and she desperately, frantically wanted him to lift it, to touch her bare skin.

No. She couldn't do this to Anna.

Jamie snatched at the last vestige of self-control she had, a spidersilk tendril of hesitation. She stumbled away from him, back, back against the door, clutching the doorknob in her fist.

She ignored the single tear slipping down her cheek. "Goddamnit."

Her heart was cracking, but she made herself turn the knob, thinking of Anna's face when she'd seen Chase in Vegas. It would be like that every single time they saw each other. That thought was impetus enough to twist the knob and slip out, her lips tingling, her body trembling, her skin on fire and her core throbbing with un-sated need. She wiped the tear away with her knuckles and let herself feel the hurt.

Pain was better than need.

* * *

Chase watched Jamie slip away once more. She kept running from him, sneaking out of his grasp. She was right, he knew she was. He'd seen the thoughts pass across her face, saw the determination settle onto her features.

Anna's face crossed his mind, her eyes when she saw him onstage in Vegas. That moment...the surprised pain, it was reason enough to stay away. Anna and Jamie were closer than sisters, and Chase knew Anna still had feelings for him. They may have been buried deep and overshadowed by her love for Jeff, but if she saw Chase again, especially on a regular basis, those feelings would find their way to the surface. Which was a surefire way to break up a friendship.

He couldn't do that to Anna, or Jamie.

She was gone, now. Really gone. He was back out on the road tomorrow; they had a show in Kalamazoo and then Grand Rapids, followed by Marquette and then Green Bay. He would stay far away from Detroit. Far away from Jamie.

He'd stay away if it killed him.

Chase slumped onto the couch, aching in his heart, aching in his body. He rubbed his hand across his scalp, trying to hold on to the feel of Jamie's hands on his head, on his face.

He nearly jumped up and followed her, then sat back down.

A second time he got up and paced to the door, then turned away. No f**king way, dickhead. Don't do it. But it was no use.

He needed her too badly.

He threw the door open and ran after her, needing to catch her, if only for one last kiss.

