The last place Melody Lawson wanted to be was at work. But she had responsibilities to her clients, Logan MacKenzie among them.

Logan...her heart clenched at the thought of him, the worry lines that had been a permanent fixture on her face since last night deepening. Logan... she loved him, and he loved her. Love at first sight...

Her desk was a mess, and there was a new paralegal standing in her doorway, hesitant, anxious, almost painfully eager to please. Melody looked at her, already exasperated. Ryan Marshall, exerting his control as her boss, had apparently cut Melody out of the hiring process; she'd interviewed no one-not even been given the chance-and this woman wouldn't have been her first choice. Not that she cared. At this point she just wanted to get through the day. And to try to find Logan.

"Come in. You'll need to get used to the chaos...and learn to help me control it." Melody waved the woman to the chair by the desk.

"Your name is? I had your resume..." Melody shuffled the papers on her desk.

"Victoria Hull...Victoria is what I go by. It's nice to meet you." The woman looked at Melody, made a half-hearted attempt to extend a hand, and then withdrew it.

"Look, Victoria. I'll be frank. I've got a mess here. Melissa, my...the previous paralegal, left abruptly. I'm under some pressure here, on a lot of fronts, and things have gotten a bit out of control. I'm trying to keep things-really important things-from falling through the cracks."

She scooped up a stack of envelopes and papers. "What I'd like you to start with is this. It's mail from the last few days. Open it, look for notices of filings, requests for information, stuff that needs my attention. Date stamp and put it back on my desk. The rest, correspondence and stuff, date stamp and save. I'll look through it later."

Victoria took the pile of papers from Melody, rifling through the stack. "Anything you're looking for in particular?"

"Yes, actually, anything to do with the MacKenzie-Ashton case. Here's the case file. It was just filed and I'm hoping for a quick reply from Ashton, or possibly a counterclaim. But anything really."

Just saying Logan's name sent a flood of emotions through Melody. Chief among them at the moment was the smoldering anger directed toward Ryan Marshall.

And to be honest, anger at herself, for letting things with Ryan get so far out of hand. She'd spent most of her sleepless night berating herself for what had happened, for letting Ryan manipulate her so thoroughly. She had yet to think about facing him, but it was inevitable, sooner or later, she would have to deal with Ryan. After I get the paralegal settled.

"I'm going to ask you to sit in with me on client meetings as well. We have one scheduled at ten in the conference..." Melody's frowned deepened. Victoria was shaking her head.

"Mr. Marshall asked that I don't do that...at least for now. He said he'd let me know when I could start sitting in." Victoria's finally words trailed off into a whisper.

Melody clenched her fists as the first flush of anger rose in her cheeks, and by the look on Victoria's face, Melody was pretty certain her face radiated pure anger at the moment. She took a deep breath, held it and then let it out slowly. It's not her fault...

Forcing a smile on her face, she relaxed her hands, folding them demurely on her desk. "Fine. We'll work up to that. For now, take the mail and the file. If you have questions, ask me. If I'm not here, ask Lori, Mr. Marshall's paralegal. She's been here longer than anyone and she'll know what to do."

Melody rose, but Victoria remained seated, looking at Logan's file. Melody resisted the urge to tap her foot. At the moment, she wanted to see Ryan, to ask him why he was now taking over the training of her paralegal. She took another deep breath.

"Is this Logan MacKenzie from Revival? I wanted to see them in concert for so long, but all the US dates have been sold out for months. He's great. They're heading back to Europe though, I think next week, so there goes my chance till the next tour." She sighed, gathering up the files and papers, finally heading toward the door.

"Thanks, Victoria." Melody all but pushed the woman out of her office, closing the door behind her. She was angry at Ryan for so many things, but Victoria's comment about the tour made Melody's heart leap.

She could find Logan by his tour schedule. It was so simple, there right in front of her, but she'd been so overwhelmed by what had happened, by Ryan's sudden and utterly unexpected appearance at her door the night before. By his almost delusional statements about wanting her, long before she'd become involved with Logan. It all made her sick to her stomach.

And then Logan was there in the open doorway, watching as Ryan held her, kissed her...touched her. She didn't know how much Logan saw or heard, but it was enough to make him leave. Enough to not take her calls, to check out of his hotel without a word.

Melody sat behind her desk, clicking a few keys on her computer and doing a quick search for Revival's schedule. She quickly found the band's website. They were playing one more show in the States, tonight, in Boston.

"Damn..." Her calendar was booked with clients through the end of the day. There was no way she could get to Boston for the concert. And, as Victoria had said, it was sold out.

She scrolled further down the page. There were concerts listed in Europe, the first in London in just a few days, also listed as sold out. But there was one in Scotland, in Inverness the day after that, at what appeared to be like a small, local place. She clicked on the link and scanned quickly through the information, her heart racing. One more click, one more link and she found what she wanted. Yes!

She had a ticket to the concert. Now, I just need a flight...and to tell Ryan I'm taking off from work.

The flight proved to be costly but doable. She booked the flight for the day after next, and leaned back in her chair. She had no real plan other than to get to Inverness, but at least she knew she'd be in the same place as Logan. For the hundredth time that day, she dialed his cell phone. It went straight to voicemail and she left the same message she'd left so many times over the past twelve hours.

"Logan, please...please call me. I can explain. Please..."

There was nothing more she could do now, except face Ryan.

* * *

Ryan's door was open and she knocked lightly. He was sitting at his desk, reading glasses perched on his nose, a file open on his desk. Glancing up, he regarded her a moment before closing the file. With deliberation he removed his glasses, briefly pinching the bridge of his nose.

"I'll never get used to these things, I guess." He smiled and rose, coming around his desk. "Come in. Please, have a seat."

She stepped into his office. "I'd rather not sit. I'm not going to be here that long." She tried to steady her breathing, but her heart raced and her hands were shaking. Get it under control, Melody.

"I'm taking some time off, soon. Starting tomorrow afternoon. I'm...I don't know when I'll be back. Maybe not for a week."

She knew she was treading on thin ice with Ryan. Even when their working relationship had been more stable, he'd required at least a week's notice for time off. But now, with Logan leaving for Scotland at any moment, Melody was desperate. And she was angry enough with Ryan at this point to deal with however he reacted.

"Melody, you know you can't take leave with such short notice, unless it's an emergency."

He walked toward her, reaching behind her to push the door closed. The sound of the door slamming was loud and she jumped.

"What's gotten in to you? You're jumpy, you're rushing off to who knows where on a whim...I bet I know where you're going...who you're' going after." Ryan watched her a moment, hands clasped behind his back, moving slowly behind her. I'm the prey and he's the lion.

He stopped behind her and she felt his hands come down on her shoulders. "I think there's something you're not telling me. And I want to know where you're going."

"Ryan. Take your hands off of me. Now."

The stir of his breath on her neck as he spoke made her cringe. "Or? We've had this conversation before. You'll go to Human Resources, you'll file a complaint. I know...you've told me this. And I've said go ahead. Because no one will believe you. And now you're being an insubordinate employee, by not following protocol. You're being willfully disobedient. I could write you up, you know."

His lips were suddenly on her neck and she jerked out of his grip, spinning around, anger fueling her movements.

But Ryan was watching her calmly, a smug smile on his face.

"Are you going to slap me again, Melody? I enjoyed your little outburst last night." He moved closer. "And I liked the pain."

"You're sick, you know that?"

"As to your leave..."

"I'm taking it. I'll be out of the office after lunch tomorrow. You can check with the new paralegal that you hired-I forget her name-if you need anything with my cases. Or Lori can help you. And you can write me up, if you want."

Melody could hear the rising anger in her voice, but for once did nothing to lower her voice.

"There are things in my life you cannot control, and this is one of them."

"You're making an unwise choice, Melody. I'm sorry to see things heading in this direction."

Ryan walked behind his desk and sat down, opening the file in front of him, adjusted his glasses. Without looking up he spoke.

"You're granted leave...indefinite leave. Do what you think you must. Just know there are consequences facing you when you return."

Melody's hands were shaking as she opened the door. Lori was at her desk, looking up briefly as Melody walked past.

"Melody, about Victoria..." Lori swiveled in her chair as Melody hurried past.

"Later, Lori. Not now."

She pushed open the stairwell door, walking one flight down before she stopped, sinking down on the top step. The last thing she wanted to do was anger Ryan further, but there was no way that she was going to let him stand between her and any chance she might have with Logan.

When her hands had stopped shaking and her trip-hammering heart had slowed, she finished the descent back to her floor.

Victoria flagged Melody down as soon as she came into view, waving an envelope. Melody detoured to Victoria's desk, as the woman waved an envelope in the air.

"From Ashton's attorney. I thought you'd want to see it right away."

"Yes, thanks." Melody ripped open the thick envelope, pulling out the creamy sheets of paper, scanning them quickly, a scowl creasing her forehead.

"Shit...they want to file a counterclaim. I thought this might happen."

'What are you going to do?" Victoria's words were left behind as she walked away, still reading through the dense legal language on the papers. She disappeared into her office, closing the door behind her.

Melody tossed the papers on her desk, pacing the room in agitation. Logan MacKenzie was her client and she had a duty to him to deal with this counterclaim from Ashton, but there wasn't time right now. Not if she wanted Logan back in her life.

Logan was the man she loved. The man who loved her...or at least he had. Maybe still did. But if she didn't do something to somehow try to find him quickly, to make him listen to reason, she would surely lose him forever.

But if she neglected his case, her career would be on the line. This was a big case, the kind that people in her industry would deem 'career changing'. It was big for her but also big for the firm.

The decision was hers alone to make: choose her career, or choose her love for Logan. And as she pondered what to do she realized that it was a simple decision after all.

* * *

Melody tried to sleep on the flight, but it was no use. Anxiety and uncertainty over what exactly she would do when she reached Scotland, much less what she would do when she finally tracked down Logan, made her restless. The interminable layovers, one in Paris and another in Amsterdam, almost drove her mad. She paced the airports from end to end, too tired to enjoy the architecture of either place, too keyed up to even eat.

Inverness was cold and raining, the sky low and heavy with gray clouds. She asked the taxi driver to take her a local shopping mall so she could grab something warmer. The light jacket that had been fine in New York was little protection against the elements, and she shivered as she stood on the narrow street. She ducked into the first shop that sold women's clothing and bought a thick, wool sweater.

After finally being warm for the first time since she'd arrived, she started the confusing search for her hotel, walking along the narrow streets, asking for directions. By the time she'd found the small hotel, tucked at the end of a dead-end street, she was absolutely exhausted. Collapsing onto the lumpy bed in the tiny damp room, she tried once more in vain to sleep, dozing fitfully for a short time. But she was almost too tired to sleep and her stomach rumbled, reminding her of the many meals she'd missed since she'd left New York.

She finally made her way to the bar downstairs, only to find she'd missed the dinner service. Dejected, she slumped onto a bar stool. The man behind the bar gave her a sympathetic smile.

"But we'll fix ye a plate of beans and bridie, with a drink on the house."

The man poured her a drink, making polite conversation, while she waited for whatever a 'bridie' was. He asked what brought her to Inverness.

"I came to see Logan MacKenzie at the Iron Works."

Saying his name out loud made Melody's heart flutter and the flush that crept up her cheeks could have been from thinking of Logan or from the heat of the Scotch in the glass in front of her. Even with a splash of water, it was potent, although she was more prepared for the bite of the liquid on her tongue than she might have been otherwise.

"Aye, MacKenzie's a local lad. A good lad, at that. Come back to do a special show, just for us. Added last minute, so I hear. You're lucky you got tickets." He went off to see to a customer at the far end of the bar.

I am lucky...I just hope my luck holds.

* * *

The day of the show dragged interminably for Melody. She'd escaped the confines of her bare room, walking up and down the narrow streets of Inverness, looking in the shop windows, finally walking far enough to discover Inverness Castle, perched on a short hill above the River Ness. The day was again cloudy and the castle looked gloomy and imposing, its squat eight-sided tower rising above the other buildings. Melody shivered in her new sweater and headed back to her hotel.

That night she took a taxi to the Iron Works, not trusting her ability to find it by walking, even though the man behind the bar had assured her that it was a short, easy walk. The look of the building surprised her. It was low and whitewashed, as so many buildings seemed to be. But it was much smaller than any venue she'd ever been to. Once inside though, it was larger than it appeared, but still cozy and welcoming. Quite an unconventional venue for a rock concert, she thought.

A gigantic stone hearth at one end of the room held a huge roaring fire, its warmth wiping away the chill of the night. A simple stage was at the other end of the narrow room, raised slightly above the main floor, placing the audience very close to the performers, a very intimate arrangement. There were no huge amps or sound equipment on the stage and it occurred to Melody this must be an acoustic performance.

Her heart was racing as she made her way to the front of the seating area. There were small tables scattered around the room, and she sat with a group of people who happily shifted their chairs to include her at their table.

When the house lights went down and the stage lights came up, Melody held her breath. The drummer came out, settling himself behind his kit. The other two men picked up their guitars, strumming a few chords, talking quietly. There was a moment of silence that stretched on for a long time, with just the three of them on stage, and Melody wondered if Logan was actually going to perform with the group. The thought suddenly struck her that the band may have split up over the suit, that Logan might not even be here at all. As the crowd around her started to murmur, a wave of anxiety washed over her.

Then Logan walked on stage and Melody's heart almost stopped, her breath catching in her throat. Even in this small space, he exuded charm and charisma, totally captivating the crowd without saying a word, with just with a smile.

But the smile didn't quite reach his eyes. There was something missing tonight, a vital spark she'd come to know...and love. He looked the same; tall, handsome, sexy. A rock star in every sense of the word. But it wasn't Logan, the Logan she'd come to know. He was playing a part, but not feeling it. Her heart ached for him, for the missing joy she wanted to see in his face.

He'd pulled a tall stool into the center of the stage and he perched on it, looking over the crowd for a moment. His eyes skimmed over the table where she sat, but there was no change in his expression. Either he didn't see her, or - her heart sank at the thought - he had seen her. Slowly raising the microphone, he spoke.

"I'd like to thank you all for coming out tonight. We're here because this is where we started and we need to remember that. This is our home. Things may happen, loves may come and then be lost, but home is where they'll always welcome ye back. And so, we're here."

The crowd erupted in applause and loud cheers, but Melody sat, numb and silent. His words pierced her, made her want more than anything to bolt from her chair and climb on stage. But she sat, still and quiet as the crowd finally settled down around her.

Logan stood, setting the stool aside and started to sing, and she quickly became lost in the soothing sound of his voice. She'd only heard a few songs on the radio, with professional arrangements and all that came with a studio recording.

But here it was just him and his band, four guys making music. Logan's voice was so pure, the melodies simple and direct, every note exactly what was needed and nothing more. It was the essence of each song and Melody found herself entranced.

Finally Logan pulled the stool back to center stage, settling himself on it. The drummer and bass guitar player quietly left the stage, leaving only the other man, who picked up a battered acoustic guitar and stool, sitting down behind Logan.

Melody watched, mesmerized, as the stage lights dimmed, leaving Logan in a soft circle of light. He cleared his throat, taking a drink from a bottle of water, looking out over the crowd for a moment.

"I want to thank all of you for supporting us. It means a great deal. The last song we're going to perform is one I wrote a long time ago, in the wee hours of the morning, back when we were playing in pubs for pints. Some of ye may know it. I've memorized the words now, so I'm not needing to read them from a paper stuck to the stage floor."

There was a ripple of laughter in the crowd and Melody saw many people nodding their heads.

"For all of you who've been with us from the start, this is for you."

The song was in Gaelic and Melody didn't understand any of the words. The crowd joined in, softly at first, then louder, and at the end Logan stood, holding out the microphone toward the audience, encouraging them to finish the song. The light caught a glint in his eyes that she thought looked like tears.

As the song finished and applause rose up around them, she turned to the man sitting beside her.

"What was the song?" She shouted over the noise of the crowd.

He leaned over, his lips next to her ear. "It's about home, ye ken... about when you've strayed and ye lost yer way, you can always come home. Logan wrote it after a bad stretch on the road a few years back, when they were broke and ready to give it all up. It was the song that made them famous. Ironic though, the song about home is the one that took them away from it."

The house lights came up and the crowd milled about, chatting, moving to the other end of the room. Logan was talking with the guitar player at the back of the stage, a few other people gathered around them. For a moment, she was almost afraid to approach the stage, taking a few hesitant steps, trying not to lose him in the crowd. But then Logan turned, looking directly at her.

Her heart thudded painfully in her chest. For a long, uncomfortable minute he watched her and then for a heart-stopping second she thought the was going to leave, but he only to someone, spoke a few words and then walked to the edge of the stage.

"Melody. It is you." He was looking down at her, his eyes dark and solemn.

She finally found her voice. "Logan...yes. I'm here for you...to talk to you. Please...can we talk?"

He regarded her a moment longer before extending a hand to her. She grasped it and he helped her step up on the stage. The touch of his skin against hers, the warmth of his hand almost took her breath away.

Then he dropped her hand and turned away. "Come on. We've got some rooms in the back. We can talk there." He walked across the stage, through a door at the rear. Melody followed, her heart in her throat.

He led her down a short hall to a small room with a few chairs and a small table. There was a battered couch against one wall and Logan sat down, long legs stretched out in front of him. She closed the door softly and crossed the room.

Melody sat on the other end of the couch, resisting the urge to bite her nails. She clenched her hands in her lap, suddenly unsure of what to say, where to start.

"Logan...I'm so sorry. Please, let me explain."

Logan sighed, leaning his head against the back of the couch, his eyes closed.

"You might as well, if you've come this far. Say what you need to say."

"Logan, what you saw with Ryan wasn't what you think. I know it looked bad...but I can I?"

"I saw you in the arms of another man...someone who seemed very familiar with you. Someone you seemed very familiar with." He opened his eyes, turning his head to look at her. The pain in his eyes made her want to reach out to him, to touch him, but the gulf between them was too great. And if he shied away from her touch, it would break her heart.

"You're having an affair with your boss." His voice was flat, emotionless...cold.

"No, I'm not. I wasn't. What you saw was all Ryan's idea...Ryan's been doing this...setting this all up...I'm not having an affair with him. I swear to you. But Ryan's been making it seem like I am."

"So all the times you hung up on me, after I heard Ryan's voice in the background...that wasn't you trying to keep me from knowing about Ryan? Or the times you were late because of work? That wasn't because of Ryan?"

"No. It wasn't. It was to keep Ryan from knowing about you."

Logan sat forward, elbows on his knees. "Melody, I'd like to believe you. I would...I want to. But it tears my heart to think you were with someone else and didn't have the courage to tell me. I can't go through that again. Just have the courage to be honest with me."

Melody felt tears welling in her eyes. "Oh, Logan. No. It's not like that. Ryan set it up...set us up...to make it look to you that I was having an affair with him. He's been making passes at me, touching me at the office...none of it anything I wanted."

She took a deep breath. "He's been doing this since Patrick, since my engagement ended. But it got more...intense, I guess...since you. Since he's suspected we were having an affair. I think it's driven him to this somehow."

Logan was watching her closely, some of the pain fading from his eyes. But they still remained cold and distant. She leaned forward and reached for his hand and he let her hold it.

"He had a photo of us...from that first night I slept with you. It came in a package of other photos...of you. With other women."

Logan scowled. "Ashton. I thought someone was following me, more than just the paparazzi." He shook his head. "That man will go to any lengths. He's ruined so many things in my life."

"And so will Ryan. Ashton's out to ruin you and Ryan's out to...either have me, or ruin me, whichever comes first. He's threatened my career if I don't...go along with what he wants. He's told me I'll never make partner unless..."

"Unless you give in."

Melody nodded. "Unless I give in."

"But why didn't you tell me? Let me help you...or at least let me listen to you?"

Melody slid across the couch and Logan pulled her close. The tears she'd been holding back spilled down her cheeks as she rested her head on his shoulder. The warmth of his body, his scent was comforting, but she was still uneasy, still unsure as to what Logan really thought.

"I wanted to...I thought about it, but I didn't know how...we were so new, you and I. I was afraid you'd think the worst of me or not believe me at all. Or...I don't know. I was so confused...Ryan has me so incredibly confused and... scared. By the time I felt that I could trust you, it was too late. And here we are."

"You should have trusted me, Melody." He stroked her hair gently as she cried softly against his shoulder. Finally she sat up, still in the circle of his arm.

"Logan. I'm so sorry. For all of this." She ran her fingers down his cheek, her eyes searching his.

"I care for you so much. Logan. I wanted to tell you. But you were gone. I thought I'd lost you forever."

"Aye, I ran away. It was wrong, me being a coward, but it tore my heart out, seeing you there with him. I wanted to do so many things; pull you away, beat the shit out of him, demand an explanation. But I ran, like I've run before." Logan shook his head.

A knock on the door made Melody jump. Logan looked up as a tall red-haired man came into the room. Melody recognized him as the drummer from Revival.

"Logan...we're heading out. I...wanted to say good luck, before we left."

Logan stood and pulled the man to him in a warm embrace.

"I'll miss ye, Angus. I'm not sure what I'll do without ye around."

"Aye, well, this is for the best, at least for now. Take care, Logan. I'll be in touch." The man nodded to Melody and slipped out of the room. Logan stood for a moment, looking at the empty doorway before turning back to Melody. There was sadness and loss on his face, deep in his eyes. His voice was so low she barely heard him as he answered her unspoken question.

"The band's broken up. This was our last show. We've cancelled the rest of the tour."

* * *

They were quiet in the taxi to Logan's hotel, Logan holding her hand during the ride, absently running his thumb across her knuckles. The street was dark and the night chilly as Logan ushered her into the small building and up the narrow stairs. She half expected the same dismal accommodations she had at her hotel, but the room turned out to be surprisingly cozy, dominated by a large canopy bed with lavishly curtained sides. Melody was inspecting the decidedly feminine looking bed when Logan caught her eye and smiled.

"All the rooms have them, ye ken. The curtains, I mean. Not all inns had central heat back when they were built. What looks romantic now kept those sleeping from freezing."

He came to stand in front of her, his hands on her arms. She felt the warmth of him reaching her skin, even through the thick sweater.

"I see you've gone native already." He fingered the wool of the garment.

"I was unprepared...and cold. I left in a hurry." She looked into his eyes, longing to see the smile reaching them again. But it was still absent.

"Melody...can we get back to where we were? It was all so new... so fragile before. Is it too broken to fix? Did I ruin everything?"

Melody shook her head. "No, Logan. It's not. As long as you believe me, that there was nothing between Ryan and I."

Logan nodded. "Aye. There's nothing. I believe you. And I won't doubt you again." He pulled Melody into his arms and his lips found hers. The longing was there and Melody wondered again what it was he really wanted, if she was it, or if there was something else he was searching for.

But the gentle curve is his lips against hers, his hands on her body sent all rational thoughts out of her mind. She let herself fall into the kiss, let it take her on the start of an escalating ride of passion.

They worked to get through the layers of clothes, Logan laughing softly at the struggle to get Melody out of her new sweater. Her chilly fingers struggled with the buttons on his shirt, the zipper on his jeans. But once they were nak*d, lying on the big bed, Logan grew serious.

"I thought I'd never see you again...never have this again. I'd never kiss these lips..." He leaned over, kissing her softly, briefly.

"I'd never see these again..." His fingers trailed slowly over the soft mound of one breast, slowly circling its nipple. Melody sighed, her body moving under his touch as he trailed his fingers lower, over her stomach, sliding between her thighs.

Melody arched her back, letting her legs move apart. "Aye, and I thought I'd never be there again, inside you, feeling you surrounding me."

Logan moved over her, his mouth again on hers, his body briefly pinning her to the bed as he lay claim to the space between her legs, settling himself against her. And then he hesitated, holding her face in his hands.

"Will you have me again, Melody? After I've been such a fool?"

Melody ran her hands over Logan's face, tracing the contours of his lips with her fingertips as he kissed them softly.

"You're allowed to be foolish, Logan. Just stop running away. Trust me...trust us." She pulled him to her. This time, the longing was in her kiss, the longing to feel him making love to her.

"I want you, Logan. More than anything. I love you."

"Aye, I love you too, Melody. More than you know."

Everything she'd ever wanted she'd found in Logan. And everything she felt, as he moved with her, was more than she'd ever thought possible. Each touch of his hand on her body, or his lips on her skin felt like it was the first time she'd ever been touched that way.

She lost herself completely in his love-making, her body fluid and supple, arching beneath him as he moved over her.

As she tensed beneath him, her body taut, muscles straining, he held her, whispering the Gaelic words in her ear, the words she'd heard before. He was close to his own release, his body moving with purpose against hers, as they danced this dance, so many emotions flooded through her, so many sensations, all driving her toward the edge of her own cliff.

The brush of his lips on her neck, the warmth of his breath on her ear, sent her on a dizzying upward spiral, her body swirling with intense sensations, riding the crests of wave after wave of increasing passion, finally ending with a soundless explosion of ecstasy. And then everything faded away.

Logan was holding her, rocking her against his body, crooning what could have been Gaelic or a lullaby. She didn't care, only cared that she was in his arms, warm and safe, her body full of the ebb and flow of their love-making.

"Ye came back. Wherever it was ye went, it must have been grand." Logan was kissing her along the edge of her hair, his lips warm against her hot skin.

"Oh, it was...it certainly was."

* * *

Melody lay in the quiet dark, listening to Logan's soft breathing. She was relaxed but not yet asleep, drifting in a haze of contentment. Logan was warm beside her and for the first time in days she was at peace, the constant anxiety that had been eating at her at bay. She snuggled beneath the eiderdown comforter, closer to Logan, and he stirred.

"Am I keeping you awake? I'm sorry," she said.

He shifted, pulling her closer, and she rested her head on his shoulder, her hand on his chest.

"No, I wasn't really sleeping. Just enjoying having you here with me." His fingers brushed against her ear, sliding down to cup the nape of her neck. His lips found hers in the dark. They stayed like this for a moment before he settled back against his pillow.

"Logan, you said something earlier. What did you mean, you can't go through this again? That you ran away before?"

He was quiet for a long time, finally taking a deep breath.

"There was a girl, a long time ago. From here, from home. We were engaged. We had a tiny flat in the center of town. Nothing much for furniture, but it was ours.

"We'd been on tour, nothing like what we have now, just mucking about in Glasgow for a few weeks playing out in the pubs. I'd come home, I guess earlier than she'd thought. She was there, with my best friend, in our bed."

"Oh, Logan. I'm sorry."

His gentle laugh startled her. "No, you're not. Not really. If it'd worked out, we'd not be here now. But thanks anyway." He squeezed her shoulder briefly.

His voice grew serious again and he went on. "I didn't know what to do. I was so happy to be home, to see her, so tired from driving all night to get to her. And then I was so angry. I wanted to hit him, hit her, do something...anything. So I punched the wall. Damned near broke my hand. She screamed, he jumped up, searching for his pants. Before anyone could say anything, I was gone."

Logan stopped for a moment. Melody felt his hand on hers, his fingers winding through her fingers.

"I spent a week in a pub, unless it was closed, drinking myself stupid. Angus finally found me and dragged me home with him. I was a wreck. Vowed never to get involved again with a woman." He squeezed her hand.

"Until I saw you. Even half drunk and crying, you were the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. I couldn't walk away."

Logan turned toward Melody, arms around her body, pulling her close.

"You're still the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. And I love you. I should have trusted you, not listened to my fears, not run away. I promise you, Melody, I'll never run away again, whatever it is. I'll be there for you, always."

She touched his face in the dark, felt the warmth of tears on his cheeks.

"And I love you, Logan. I'll be there for you, always."

* * *

They'd stayed in Inverness another day, Logan taking her on walks around the town, along the River Ness. They stopped at sunset on the Young Street Bridge, watching the setting sun coloring the undersides of the scattered clouds in pink and brilliant orange. Logan told her names of the churches along the banks and she watched the wide river flowing toward the sea. The air was crisp and clean, and Melody closed her eyes, drawing a deep breath.

She turned at the sound of Logan's gentle laugh beside her. "If it's clean air you're looking for, I'll take you up in the Highlands sometime. There's no petrol fumes there to muck up the air."

"This is clean, compared to New York. I'd take this in a heartbeat."

They walked back through the city center, to a small pub where they had dinner, talking about everything and nothing. Over dessert, Melody finally brought up the lawsuit.

"We need to talk about your case, Logan. There was a letter just before I left, Ashton's attorney talking about filing a counterclaim. He's claiming breach of contract on your part, that you used Revival's name and materials in your solo venture. And that by doing so, it damaged his ability to earn royalties."

"That was expected, no? Nothing unusual about that. Ashton would want his day in court, not settle out of it. And that's all bullshit about using Revival's name or songs. Ashton was the one who set up those deals, set up the contract. He'd have known then it was a breach, if it was."

Logan snorted in disgust. "Talk about playing both sides against the middle. That man would sell his own grandmother for a dime, if he thought he could get away with it. Listen, for now, as long as we're in Scotland, let's not talk about Ashton. We'll have a long time on the plane back to figure out what to do. Let's just enjoy our last night here. Pretend the rest of the world doesn't exist."

Melody looked across the table at Logan. The smile had come back into his eyes, at least until she'd brought up Ashton.

"Okay. Yes, I agree. No more Ashton until we're in the air and over the Atlantic, at least."

After dinner, Logan led her back through the dark streets to his hotel. She'd checked out of her run-down little inn, moving into Logan's room. The resulting chaos of her belongings strewn about the room had then both tripping over luggage and shoes and clothing.

"Sorry about the chaos, Logan. I'm taking over your room with my things." Melody was kneeling on the floor, rummaging through her suitcase, looking for her toothbrush.

"You are. But other than the occasional stray shoe underfoot, I'm not too fashed."

"Fashed?" Melody cocked an eyebrow, looking up at Logan. "Not sure I know that one."

"Troubled, worried...bothered. It's temporary. And if I had known you were going to track me across the Atlantic, I'd have gotten a larger room. But as it is, this is fine. We're only here one last night, you know."

Stepping around her open suitcase, he crossed the narrow room. "I promise from now on I'll get rooms big enough for the two of us."

He pulled her up from the floor and held her, brushing a strand of hair from her forehead.

"I meant what I said on the bridge. I'd like to bring you back here, on holiday, take you up into the Highlands."

"I'd like that." She relaxed against him, the search for her toothbrush long forgotten.

"There are places I'd like to show you, wild places, lochs and hills and caves."

"Caves?" Melody shuddered. "Not sure I'd like a cave. You mean, like spelunking?"

"No, not explore the cave, although you can go inside. It's not particularly large. Legend has it a man, James Fraser of Foyers, hid in the cave for seven years to evade the British after the Battle of Culloden."

Logan held her close. "It's part of the history of the place and if nothing else, Scots love their history.

His hands were roaming over her now, restlessly exploring her back, sliding down to cup her ass. He pressed himself against her and it was clearly evident where this was heading, brushed teeth or not.

"We have a monster, too, ye ken." A corner of his mouth quirked up in a devilish grin.

"You do? Where?" Melody raised an eyebrow in return.

"Well, they say it's in Loch Ness...but..." He pulled her hard against him, his h*ps pushed against hers.

"I think we've got one in the room with us. Would you like to see it, Melody? I'd be happy to show it to you."

She was laughing when his lips captured hers, her giggles lost in his kiss. After a moment she broke away, looking up at him.

"I think you better let him out, then. By the feel of things he's a persistent little monster."

Logan snorted. "Little? Woman, haven ye not been paying any attention? Little...I'll show you little."

He had her on the bed then, his hands tugging at her jeans and his, over her laughter and squeals of delight. Her laughter changed to other sounds as he finally removed enough clothing, lying between her legs, sliding into her.

When they were done, lying spent and gasping, Logan raised up on one elbow. His dark eyes were alight with such a range of emotions, chiefly love, followed closely by the teasing glint that had returned, all of them so welcome after the pain and sadness she'd seen there.

"I'll dare you to call it little again, Melody."

She struggled to sit up, leaning back. "And if I do?"

"Aye, well, then I'll have to prove you wrong."

He leaned over, kissing her hard. "And it's something I'd gladly prove wrong, as many times a day as I can."

* * *

The flight back was much more enjoyable for Melody than the trip from New York. She and Logan discussed the case, all the possible scenarios that could play out with Ashton.

Logan finally brought up Ryan and asked what Melody was going to do when she was back in the office. She could hear the tension in his voice.

"I can't hide from him, but I can't let him manipulate me anymore. But I'm certain that if I file a complaint against him, right now he'll manipulate it to look like my fault. And I'll lose everything I've worked for. And I don't want to jeopardize your case either. I think, for now, until your case is settled, I'm just going to have to put up with him."

She sighed, leaning her head against Logan's shoulder. The sun had set and it was dark as they flew over the Atlantic.

"I'm sleepy and I don't want to think about Ryan right now."

Logan laughed. "Fair enough. There's time to think about him when we're in New York. Just a question though, something to think about. If you had a witness to his harassment, would it make a difference? It wouldn't be your word against his anymore, would it?"

Melody looked up at Logan, a frown creasing her brow. "You mean like what you saw at my apartment? I'm not sure...he wasn't at work then." She closed her eyes, and he slid an arm around her, pulling her against him.

She was almost asleep and his voice so low she wasn't sure if she really heard him, or if she'd imagined it when he spoke.

"That's not quite what I meant."

* * *

Victoria greeted her warmly if not a little cautiously as Melody walked toward her office. She stopped in her doorway, a little shocked at the chaos that was her desk. Victoria trailed behind her, another stack of files in her hands. Melody scowled at her desk before dropping her purse on the floor and sinking into her desk chair. She waved Victoria toward the chair opposite the desk. But Victoria hesitated in the doorway.

"Mr. Marshall asked that I tell him when you're here..."

Melody held up one hand. "I am perfectly capable of letting Mr. Marshall know that I'm back. Have a seat and tell me what's what here."

Victoria sat down, leafing through the stack of files in her hands. "Well, there's not much, actually. Most of these have been handled by Mr. Marshall and Lori. The things on your desk are copies and confirmations. I haven't had a chance to file everything yet."

"What about the MacKenzie-Ashton case?"

Victoria shook her head. "Mr. Marshall has the file and from what Lori said, is now the lead attorney. So I'm out of the loop on that. She said he'd address the counterclaim himself."

Victoria looked up in alarm as Melody muttered a curse under her breath.

"I'm sorry if I did anything..."

"No, Victoria, you didn't. It's fine." She passed a hand across her face, forcing herself to smile. "I'm suffering from a bit of jet lag."

"Did you have a nice trip? You left so suddenly. I hope it wasn't an emergency."

"It was an emergency but it turned out for the best."

Melody rose. "I'm going up to Ryan's...Mr. Marshall's office. If you could..." she waved her hand across her desk. "I guess file everything and put them in some kind of order. I'll be back to look at them later."

In the elevator Melody tried to control her anger at Ryan. There were grounds for taking over the case in her absence, but without Logan's knowledge, he couldn't just appoint himself lead council.

Lori looked up and Melody noticed the look of surprise on the woman's face. Melody knocked at Ryan's door and she heard Ryan's muffled voice from inside.

He was sitting at his work table, files and papers spread out around him. He looked up, a smile spreading across his face.

"Melody. Glad to see you. Your trip was shorter than you anticipated, I see. But I assure you, you were missed every minute you were gone."

Ryan stood, coming toward Melody, taking her gently by the elbow. The touch of his hand on her arm made her cringe and she tried hard not to pull away. "Sit. We have things to discuss." He held the chair for her and she reluctantly took a seat.

"Ryan..."

Ryan held up a hand. "Let me start. I'm not going to reprimand you for your leave. It's in the past. We'll just move forward from there."

"Alright."

"But I did need to step in on a few cases, most notably the MacKenzie-Ashton case." He raised an eyebrow, regarding Melody from across the table.

"I assume you're still seeing your client?" He shook his head, looking at her disapprovingly.

"I have yet to say anything to the other partners, since I have no actual proof, just a very substantial amount of circumstantial evidence, and a very strong hunch. And I always go with my hunches."

Melody glared at Ryan. "You've done enough damage. Things are..." Her voice trailed off and she dropped her eyes, twisting her hands in her lap. She really did not want to discuss her relationship with Ryan.

Ryan was watching her closely. "Things are not so good in paradise? I can't say I'd be unhappy knowing that, if that's the case."

"It's really none of your concern." She raised her eyes, meeting his gaze.

"What concerns you concerns me, especially if it affects your work here at the firm. And let's talk about that. Ashton is filing a counterclaim, as you know. Breach of contract. We'll need to have Mr. MacKenzie interviewed in light of these new questions. I'd like to have that happen this week...in the next couple days. Do you think that could be arranged? We'll conduct that interview together."

Ryan waved a finger at Melody, a smirk on his face. "No leaving you two alone here."

Melody felt her anger rising again, but fought to maintain control. "Ryan, I'm still capable of doing my job. And you can't appoint yourself lead attorney just because."

Rising from his chair, Ryan walked behind Melody. The snick of the door closing softly behind her made her jump, and then Ryan's hands were on her shoulders, his fingers rubbing her shoulders, thumbs working into the nape of her neck.

"I haven't. If you heard that, you heard it from someone who doesn't know what they're talking about."

His fingers were sliding slowly down the front of her blouse. "Melody, when I tell that the health of your professional career is in my hands..." His fingers slid lower, brushing the tops of her br**sts. "...I am not exaggerating. You are hanging by that proverbial thread and I am the only one who can pull you back."

The touch of his hands on Melody was almost too much, but she gritted her teeth, tense in the chair.

"What do you want from me, Ryan?"

"The same thing I've wanted all along. You. Your success. But mostly you."

His breath was stirring the hair near her ear. She closed her eyes, willing him to let go of her. But he leaned closer, his lips brushing her ear.

"I'm still waiting for you to see the light, Melody. I'm hoping when this case is over, you've won, and the client has departed to be a rock star on the road, leaving you in the dust, you'll come to your senses. Until then, I can only be supportive..." Ryan leaned over, kissing the side of her neck "...and persistent."

There was a soft knock at the door. With unhurried ease, Ryan removed his hands from her shoulders. Melody turned, watching as Ryan moved with unhurried calm to the door. Lori was there, holding a file.

"Sorry to interrupt, but I need a signature."

"Fine. No trouble." Ryan took the file, reading as he walked to his desk. Melody glanced at Lori and found the woman looking at her intently. She wondered for a moment if a button had come undone on her blouse, but she couldn't very well check now.

"Here you are. Are you filing this now?" Ryan handed the file back to Lori.

"Yes. In the next hour or so. I'll email you the confirmation."

As she left, Lori gave another pointed glance in Melody's direction. What's with her today? Am I on everyone's black list?

Ryan returned to the table, leaving the door open. Melody was wary but for the next half hour he discussed the MacKenzie-Ashton case, laying out a strategy for her to follow in interviewing Logan.

"I think you should schedule that interview soon. Tomorrow, if possible. I suspect you know how to reach Mr. MacKenzie on such short notice?"

Melody grimaced at the condescending tone in Ryan's voice, but chose to ignore it.

"Yes, I'll have Victoria make the arrangements and let you know." Melody rose, turning toward the door. She felt Ryan behind her and as she stepped out of his office she felt his hand briefly brushed against her hip in an all-too familiar gesture.

"Remember: we're on the same page here. We want success for you, and we do want to win this case. Remember that, Melody."

* * *

Logan had checked into a small hotel not far from Melody's office. She met him there after work, excited to see him again, but still irritated by Ryan and his latest advances.

"I had room service send up something for dinner. I think it's best if we stay out of sight for a time, rather than give Ashton any more ammunition for his case."

Melody dropped her purse and coat on the couch, walking into Logan's open embrace. She nuzzled against his chest, breathing in the complex scent of his aftershave, clean soap and the underlying scent of Logan himself, rich and warm and utterly masculine.

"I think you're brilliant." She smiled up at him, taking in the lines of his face, his eyes, and his sensuous mouth. Out of habit and now almost an obsession, she traced his lips with her fingers. He looked more rested than he had in days, but there was worry and tension in his eyes, in the way he held his mouth. The case and especially the breakup of the band, which he had yet to talk about, were weighing on him.

He held her gently, his lips on hers, and for a moment all thoughts of the case and Ashton and Ryan left her mind. When he broke the kiss, she sighed.

"I wish we could just stay here, in a cocoon, for a long, long time."

"Aye, I'd gladly agree. But, we're stuck with what we have at the moment. A case and a jackass. Actually two jackasses."

"That reminds me. Did you get a call from the office, from my paralegal? Ryan wants to interview you as soon as possible."

"She did call. Left a message." Logan pulled his cell phone out of his pocket, scrolling through the messages.

"I wanted to ask you first about it, before I agreed. Make sure I wasn't being set up again." He gave her a wry grin. "I'm not fond of being set up by that man."

Melody watched as he searched for the message, scowling briefly at his phone.

"Here it is." He set the phone on the coffee table and they listened to Victoria's voice. When the messages were done, Logan stuck the phone back in his pocket.

"Call in the morning and take the meeting. It'll be at one o'clock and in Ryan's office. Lori will probably come get you from reception and bring you up to his office."

Logan sat back on the couch and Melody curled next to him. "I just want this to be over, for both of us. It drives me crazy thinking of you there, with him, every day."

Melody started to protest, but Logan held his finger to her lips. "I know...I know there's nothing. But to know that this is happening, it's just hard...very hard."

They ate by candlelight, the distant rumble of thunder and the brief flashes of lightening lending the whole meal a romantic flavor. After dinner, Logan carried one tall candlestick into the bedroom, setting it on the night stand.

In the candlelight, and in silence, Logan slowly undressed Melody, taking his time with each piece of clothing. She could feel his eyes moving over her body as he uncovered her, looking at her with something like awe. The gentleness in his gaze, the love for her brought tears to her eyes. Logan looked puzzled, pulling her against him, his lips tracing the track of a tear that rolled down her cheek.

"Did you know tears of happiness are chemically different than tears of anger?" He murmured the words against her neck. Melody suppressed a sudden, small giggle.

"No, I didn't. And why do you know this?"

Logan straightened, looking into her eyes. "I read on the road. Picked it up somewhere. These..." He ran a finger over her cheek "...are tears of happiness."

Melody raised an eyebrow. "You can tell?"

"Aye. They taste like happiness...they taste like you. And I have no reason to doubt that you're happy. Am I right?"

Melody smiled. "You're right. Very right."

Logan picked her up, settling her on the bed. Images from their first night together came flooding back, the heady feeling of being with this strange man, not thinking at all about anything but the look of him standing nak*d beside the bed, the confident he exuded, the blatant sex appeal, all which pointed to the promise of a fantastic night of sex...and nothing more.

But here she was, in love with him, and he loved her. That took her breath away and made everything that was happening to her at the office fade into the distance. With Logan here, in bed with her, his body pressed against hers, there was nothing else she needed or wanted.

Their lovemaking was long and slow, the candle melting down into long fingers of wax, finally guttering out, and leaving them illuminated only by intermittent flashes of lightening.

Sometime toward morning, as Melody held Logan tight in her arms, the force of his release taking her breath away, she was carried along with him, on the strength of his passion, the movement of his body leading hers, sending her on a spinning ride of her own.

They clung to each other for a long time, breath rasping from their throats, finally coming down from their shared high. They gradually relaxed their arms and legs, slowly moving apart, rearranging, finding each other again, eventually settling into comfortably entwined arms and legs.

Melody was drifting, warm and relaxed, enjoying that magical sensation of not knowing where her limbs ended and Logan's began.

But after a long time Melody realized Logan was still awake.

"Is something wrong? You're not asleep."

"I'm thinking about the band, about the breakup of the band, more to the point." She could hear the echo of sadness in his voice.

"You haven't said anything about the band since we left Scotland."

"It's hard, one of the hardest things I've ever done."

"You've known them a long time. It must have been like a betrayal, when they broke away."

Logan shifted beneath her. "No, you've got it turned around. It wasn't they that broke up with me, it was me that broke up with them."

Melody turned toward Logan. In the soft light from the window, she could see his face, watched as she stared up at the ceiling.

"Why, Logan? I thought you were trying to hold them all together."

"I was. But in the end, it was like keeping a relationship together just because it's always been. Even if it's broken. And we were broken. We weren't playing music because we loved it, we were playing because it was expected. There was no joy in it. We knew it and the fans knew it. London was sold out, but when they left, the crowd was disappointed. So were we."

Logan sighed heavily. "And so I told them, one more show, at home. Where they love us for us, and the music is second. And the show was good, because we were playing for our families and for home."

Melody felt Logan reaching for her hand, finding it and pulling it against his chest. "I knew you were there. I saw you walk in. But I couldn't face you until I'd faced my fans."

"I'm so sorry. That night must have been torture for you."

"It was hard. But it's in the past. I have you now, and the band...I love them like brothers. But the only one to see my way was Angus. The rest, Duff and Colin, they're mad at me, probably will be for some time."

"What are you going to do for music? Are you going to go solo?"

He moved beneath her, shifting his arm pulling her against his chest. "No, not for the moment. I think I'd like to just make it through this mess with Ashton before I think about it." He squeezed her hard.

"And I'd like to get to know you, Melody, spend my days and nights with you, having nothing but time for us."

The smile was there in his voice, and she leaned over, her mouth finding his. The longing she'd come to expect was gone and his kiss was filled with passion and desire, and it thrilled her to the core knowing it was for her. He held her against his chest, his hands sliding down her back, caressing her skin, sending shivers along her spine.

Logan rolled over, Melody deliciously pinned by his weight. "You're an amazement to me, Melody. Ye truly are. I count my lucky stars that we're here now, together. And I keep hoping and praying everything that stands in front of us gets resolved as well, the case for me and the situation with Ryan for you."

Before she could answer, he claimed her mouth again in a kiss that left her gasping. And before long, he was doing other things that left both of them gasping.

The thunder rumbled and flashes of light cast shadows in their room, but neither noticed as the storm continued raging outside.

* * *

The storm finally passed and the sun had just started tinting the gray sky shades of pink when Melody finally fell asleep. The alarm woke her just a few hours later and as much as she longed to remain in bed with Logan, there were things that needed to be done.

She woke Logan, barely able to resist his attempts to lure her back to bed as she stood by the side of the bed, clutching her robe together. Logan was lazily tugging at the sash with one hand, the other caressing her thigh. She pulled the sash away from him, backing up from the bed.

"I need to be at work and you need to make a phone call. I want this interview scheduled for today. You know how important it is."

Logan propped himself against the head of the bed, the sheet draped across his lap, his hair tousled, eyes still heavy-lidded with sleep. She bit her lip, wavered for a moment before resolutely turned toward the bathroom. His rich laugh made her smile, and then the chirp of his cell phone interrupted them.

She looked back, watched as he climbed out of bed, retrieving the phone from the coffee table. He flipped open the phone, glancing at the screen before closing the phone.

Logan glanced up at her, a seductive smile on his face. Melody's knees went weak.

"Exerting your willpower today, Melody?"

She fled to the bathroom, closed the door and leaning against it, smiling. If he only knew.

Melody was at her desk, dressed in an impeccable suit, crisp and professional. She'd taken extra care getting dressed, wanting to project just the right image for her meeting with Logan and Ryan.

The morning dragged interminably as she waited for either Lori or Victoria to send her an invitation to the meeting. She bit her nails, anxious to call Logan to make sure he'd made the phone call, but he said he would and she'd have to trust him. Maybe Ryan's not in today...or has another meeting.

It was well after ten o'clock when the ping of her computer made her jump. She clicked on the message and resisted the urge to do a fist-pump. The interview with Logan was set for three o'clock that afternoon. Again, she resisted the urge to call Logan.

Since the night Ryan had shown up at her door when she'd been expecting Logan, she'd thought long and hard about just how he knew Logan would be there, and that he knew the time. Ryan even had had the nerve to repeat her conversation with Logan back to her. Apart from having a spy in the office or lurking outside her door, she wondered sometimes if he had the ability to listen in on her phone calls.

She shook her head. Am I really that paranoid? Hell, yes. And it's justified.

Victoria was in and out of her office periodically, dropping off files, helping Melody organize her desk. Even though Melody had had reservations about her, Victoria was proving to be quite perceptive, quickly picking up on Melody's routine.

The clock seemed to stop completely after lunch, crawling slowly toward three. Melody was so on edge she finally banished Victoria from her office, giving her a complaint to type, even though it was clear Victoria wasn't yet ready to handle a document that complex.

Just before three Melody grabbed her legal pad and pen.

"I'm heading up to Ryan's office for the interview with Logan MacKenzie." She turned, heading for the elevator.

"Wait. I'll ride up with you."

Melody turned back. "Ride with me where?"

"Mr. Marshall asked that I sit in on this interview."

Melody was stunned. "I thought he didn't want you sitting in yet? When did that change?"

"Oh, well, he said this case was pretty important and I could learn a great deal by sitting in."

Melody frowned at Victoria. "Well, I'd prefer if you'd stay here and work on that complaint I gave you to type. The MacKenzie-Ashton case is in mid-stream right now. I'm not sure how much you'd pick up coming in this late. The next case, you'll be involved from the start."

Victoria hesitated, clearly torn between conflicting directives. But her phone rang and she turned back to her desk. Melody took the opportunity and quickly walked to the elevator.

Ryan's door was ajar and she knocked lightly. He was standing by the window and turned, his charming smile already in place.

"Melody. Right on time. Can't say the same for our client though, can we?"

Melody stepped into Ryan's office. As she was closing the door behind her, she glanced up, catching the startled expression on Lori's face. She had the overwhelming urge to wink at the woman, but she managed to control herself.

She walked forward, dropping her pad and pen on the table. She undid the single button on the front of her suit jacket, sliding the garment off and draping it over the back of a chair.

She'd worn the most provocative blouse she owned, a sheer white halter top that, covered by her jacket, appeared completely professional. But once she removed her jacket, she was left in almost nothing, her back bare, her br**sts clearly outlined beneath the thin silk.

Ryan's eyes widened slightly, moving down slowly over her body, lingering on her br**sts, her hips. The skirt of her suit was tight and she knew it hugged every curve. She perched on the table, one slender leg extended, her skirt riding up her thigh.

"He called and left a message with Victoria. Some problem with his band. He'll be late, closer to four o'clock."

Ryan's eyes snapped back to her face. She pushed away from the table, back arching just so, her br**sts sliding against the silk of the blouse. Ryan was still watching her, but his gaze had drifted back to her silk-covered br**sts.

"I'm glad he's late. It gives me a chance to talk to you for a minute." She was standing directly in front of Ryan and she placed a hand on his arm. The scent of his cologne reminded her of the other times she'd been in his office, the times he'd touched her. The times she'd wanted to push him away.

"I've been thinking...quite a bit. About making partner, and other...things." She dropped her voice. "A great many things."

She took a step closer, placing her hands on Ryan's chest. He tensed briefly at her touch, a faint frown creasing his forehead.

"Melody...something's changed." He cocked his head, looking at her closely, eyes narrowed.

Her heart was racing and she hoped Ryan would attribute it to passion and she forged ahead. "I've changed, I guess. Things are different now."

"Different since your trip? Is there trouble in paradise?"

His mouth quirked up in a smirk. "I had the impression everything worked out for the best, with you and...your client." Ryan relaxed slightly, leaning into Melody's touch. She ran her hand slowly over the starched front of his shirt.

She cast her eyes down, shaking her head slowly. "It's not what I thought it was going to be. Seeing someone in their own setting, where they come from...you were right. It's all beneath me."

Melody moved forward, closing the small space that still separated her and Ryan. Her br**sts were pressed against Ryan's chest, her hands still over his heart. He slowly slid his hands down the curve of her bare spine, palms coming to rest on her hips. His fingers clenched against her, rucking up her tight skirt.

"I think you're a smart girl. I'm glad you've seen the error in your ways. It's not too late to make some changes. But we have a client due here any minute. I'm not sure this is the time to take this further."

Melody kept her hands on Ryan's chest, raising her eyes to meet his. "There's always time to take things to the next step. Don't you want me to succeed? I want to make partner; you want to help. I'm not asking for...well, let's say we have time to start the discussion. We can always finish it later...much later."

She stood on tiptoe, hesitating briefly before her lips brushed his. His breath was warm on her mouth and as she held his gaze the caution in his eyes gave way to the hunger and lust she'd seen there before.

Her heart thumped painfully against her ribcage but her voice was steady.

"I'm yours, Ryan. Same page, same sentence. Same words now."

His lips were on hers, hard and possessive, his hands pulling her hard against his body. The intensity of his kiss made her gasp. There was no pleasure in this kiss, it tasted of total control, all take and no give.

Moving with all the confidence of knowing he owned her, Ryan's hands moved up her back, sliding around to cup her br**sts. With ease he parted the silk, slipping his fingers beneath, his thumbs skating across her n**ples. Melody squirmed, not from pleasure but from repulsion. Her movements only made Ryan hold her tighter, his kiss deepening, his tongue forced against her teeth.

At the soft knock at the door, she broke their kiss, pressing herself forcefully against Ryan, hands gripping his shirt. She turned her head, saw the doorknob turning, the door swinging open. Ryan looked between her and the door, suddenly wary. He tensed beneath her hands, his fingers briefly convulsing against her br**sts. She cried out in pain and surprise.

The door swung open wide. Lori was frozen in place, the doorknob slipping from her grasp, the door banging against the wall. Behind Lori was Logan, eyes dark, body tense, fists clenched at his side.

"Ryan! You bastard. Let her go." Logan strode into the office as Ryan pushed Melody away. She stumbled against the table, grabbing her suit jacket and shrugging it over her arms, trying to cover herself.

"She's..." Ryan's face was contorted in anger, his eyes darting between Logan and Melody.

Logan's fist connected with Ryan's jaw with a deep thud, sending him sprawling against his desk. Logan advanced again, but Melody caught his arm.

"No, Logan. No more."

Logan took a step back from Ryan, his arm around Melody. Lori was still in the doorway, eyes wide, hand over her mouth. The color had drained from her face and for a moment, Melody thought the woman was going to faint.

"You're making a mistake, MacKenzie." Ryan rubbed his jaw, shaking his head.

"I don't think so. I know what I saw."

The barely restrained anger in Logan's voice scared Melody. She held his arm, the muscles tensed beneath her fingers, his hand still curled into a fist.

"You saw her all over me. She's been doing that of late. And apparently doing it with her clients as well." Ryan straightened, adjusting his tie, smoothing down his lapels. The change was instant and remarkable. Except for the angry red mark on his jaw, it appeared as if nothing had happened.

Casually, Ryan leaned back against his desk. For all the world it looked as if he were holding a client meeting, not just been on the receiving end of a fist to the jaw. Melody wanted to run but she was mesmerized by Ryan's ability to retain his composure. Got to give him points for that.

"At the bar, you kissed me, remember? Or perhaps you were too drunk. I understand you have a bit of a problem with alcohol." Ryan's lips were curved into a smile, but it held no warmth. And nothing reached his eyes. They were cold, moving back and forth between Logan and Melody.

"You really think you can go anywhere with this? You're sleeping with your client. That's a breach of ethics. You've been the one making advances, in order to secure being made a partner."

Melody's breath caught in her throat. Ryan looked at her, pity in his gaze. He shook his head slowly.

"Melody. How can you possibly think that anyone would believe you, of all people, in a claim against me? I told you, my name is on the letterhead. I'm pretty much bullet-proof."

"Here, at work, you've practically thrown yourself at me every chance you get. The minute the door closes..." Ryan pointed toward the open door.

"No, she hasn't."

Three heads turned simultaneously toward the door. Lori was still standing in the doorway and Ryan was pointing directly at her. Melody stepped out from behind Logan.

"Lori. What are you saying?"

"She's not saying anything. Are you?" Ryan straightened, glaring at Lori.

"I'm saying enough is enough, Ryan. You've done this before and I've stood by, silently, while you've ruined careers and lives. And now, I'm not silent anymore."

Ryan took a step toward Lori, a look of panic in his eyes. But Logan was there, between them.

"Back, Ryan. Step back."

"She's lying. She's jealous because I rebuffed her advances. That's all, just jealousy."

Melody turned to Lori. "Who else?"

"The woman who you replaced. And the woman who left for Hirschbeck last year. An intern two years ago, who ended up getting divorced. And Melissa."

Melody rounded on Ryan. "You did this to Melissa too?"

"I never touched Melissa." Ryan was indignant. "She's a paralegal."

"No, but you had her fired. Because of what she knew...what she saw at the bar, with you and Melody," Lori said.

"You bastard! She was my friend and you made me believe she wasn't a competent employee. But she saw what you did and you knew it, and you fired her? How could you?"

There was a noise in the hall and Melody turned. A small crowd had gathered and pushing his way to the front was Joe Hunter. He stepped into the office, closing the door behind him.

"There have been complaints regarding a fight. Ryan..." Joe was peering at Ryan's bruised jaw. "Do you need medical attention?"

"No. I'm fine. Really. There's nothing here you need to worry about."

"I need to know what happened here. Marshall, you stay here. You two..." He motioned to Logan and Melody. "Come with me. To my office."

* * *

Logan and Melody had finally emerged from Joe's office, Joe assuring both he'd be following up with them and start a formal investigation, if that's what Melody wanted. As they left, Lori emerged from a nearby conference room carrying her purse and coat. She followed them to the elevator, riding down to the lobby with them.

"I have no desire to be anywhere near that man. I've been sitting up here, writing out a statement. Joe's told me to take tomorrow off and then I'll be temporarily reassigned until some decision is made about Ryan."

"Did Joe say anything else?" Melody tried to stay as far away from Logan as she could, trying to maintain the facade of attorney and client. But she longed to be next to him, to feel his arm around her. Even though Lori had heard everything Ryan had said, Melody hoped Lori would just chalk it up to Ryan's anger at being caught, that it was just him spewing vitriolic words at Melody. She and Logan had known they'd be taking the risk of exposing their affair to Lori, trusting she'd be so caught up in whatever happened it wouldn't really register to her what she was seeing.

"Just that he thinks it would be best if Ryan were on leave. He certainly can't come to work. Not now." Lori snorted in disgust.

"He'll be on paid leave. It won't make any difference to him, at this point. Other than the damage to his ego. And believe me, that man has an ego bigger than the Empire State Building but as fragile as spun sugar. When his ego or his pride is damaged, look out."

Melody frowned at the woman. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, I think he's wounded...you've wounded him where it hurts. And you've damaged his reputation."

The elevator deposited them in the lobby. Lori turned, her hand on Melody's arm.

"I'd be careful if I were you. He's like a wounded lion now. Unstable and dangerous."

The cab ride to Logan's hotel was brief. They were in his room before Melody finally was able to let herself let go of her tightly controlled emotions. And when she did, the tears started. Logan held her, pulling her down on the couch beside him.

"Shhh...it's over. It's done. You're fine..." His words grew less distinct, English slowly replaced with soft Gaelic, the words gradually forming the rhythm of music. It wasn't long before Melody recognized the melody of the song from the gig in Scotland. The song about home.

She raised her head, her tears trailing away to sniffles. "Thank you, Logan. For everything. For thinking of this...for being there when I needed you."

An involuntary shiver ran through her body. "I can still feel his hands on me, touching me. I knew I had to let him, but still...it was worse pretending I liked it, that I wanted him...and for you to see that..."

"Melody. Enough. I know why you did this; hell, I was in on the idea. Let it rest. You'll make yourself ill."

He sat back, pulling her onto his lap. "I just hope he's not ruined you for all men. He hasn't now, has he?"

The teasing light in his eyes and his gentle smile made her relax. She shook her head, smiling down at him, arms around his neck.

"No, not at all."

Logan slid his hands beneath her suit jacket, fingers brushing against the silk. It was so different from Ryan's touch and Melody pressed against Logan. He was watching his hands as they moved over the material, over her br**sts beneath, his eyes half-closed and dreamy, as her n**ples grew hard, pushing against the silk.

"You're not hungry, are you? For dinner I mean?" His eyes met hers. She shook her head, and the seductive smile she received in return set off a small explosion low in her belly.

With his help she shrugged out of her jacket, letting it fall to the floor. Logan's eyes traveled slowly down over her body and she enjoyed every moment of his gaze, the fire and passion in his eyes mirroring the heat that was blossoming inside her.

"Logan," she breathed his name. She leaned forward, her lips on his, gentle but insistent.

The pressure of his hands increased and soon she was moaning against his mouth. She was growing frustrated at the confines of her clothing and shifted on Logan's lap, tugging her skirt up her legs, straddling his hips.

The touch of his fingers on her inner thigh sent a shiver through her body. They crept higher, and she spread her legs a bit further, each caress of his hand sending a wave of pleasure through her.

Logan suddenly looked up at her, eyes widening. "Melody. I'm shocked. You're not wearing anything under your dress." His laugh was low and sexy, and he drew his brows together in mock reproach.

"What exactly were you planning for today?"

Melody's smile was just as seductive as any she'd seen on Logan's lips. "I was covering all the bases...or in this case, making sure they were uncovered." His fingers had moved further north, stroking her softly, and her h*ps were moving in response, slowly undulating at his touch. When she spoke, her voice was a breathless whisper.

"I didn't know how far he'd go. Or how far I'd have to let him." She met his gaze, lips parted.

"I'm glad he didn't get this far. He'd have had more than a fist to the jaw. I'd have removed anything of his he'd ever wanted to use on any woman with his own letter opener."

Melody breathed out a deep sigh. "Enough of him. Pay attention to me, Logan."

Logan leaned forward, one arm behind her back, his hand warm on her bare skin. She was cradled between the hand on her inner thigh and the hand on her back, and as he held her, he leaned forward, lips brushing the silk of her blouse. His breath was warm and the silk thin enough that she could feel every nuance of his mouth on her body, every breath filtered through the fabric.

The touch of his tongue on her nipple made her cry out, the friction of the wet silk against her body enticing and erotic. His head was bent against her and she wound her fingers through his dark hair, holding him gently against her breast.

He drew her into his mouth, sucking gently at first, but then with increasing fervor, nuzzling her, pulling on each breast in turn.

Melody was moaning, back arched, pressing herself against Logan. His fingers were still exploring, testing her depths, and the combination of his mouth and lips and tongue and fingers all conspired to drive her into a state of complete abandon.

If Logan's hands hadn't been holding her, she would have tumbled off his lap. As she came, he held her hard against him, his cheek turned against her breast, moaning with her as she shook in his embrace.

She finally pushed away from Logan and he raised his head, eyes meeting hers. Her breath was more or less back to normal, her heart beat slowing.

"I'm afraid I ruined your blouse."

Melody was unsuccessful in controlling her fit of giggles. She slid off his lap, lying on her back on the couch, letting them run their course while Logan watched, an amused smile on his lips.

"Aye, it's good to see you laugh again, Melody. It seems like such a long time since I've heard you laugh like this." He leaned over, kissing her briefly as she hiccoughed her way through the last of her giggles.

As he straightened, she stretched her arms over her head, feeling the wet silk clinging to her body. Logan's eyes strayed from her face, looking over her as she lay there.

"Like what you see?" Arms still overhead, she arched her back slightly, the silk molding to every curve.

"Oh, aye." His voice was a low growl and it set off a corresponding shudder in Melody. The amused look on his face had been replaced by something else, a wild and dangerous look, a look that had Melody drawing in a sharp breath, her heart fluttering in her chest. His eyes met hers again.

"As much as I like this blouse, I think it's needing to go."

Melody started to reach for the buttons at the back of the blouse but Logan was quicker, grabbing the front of the fragile silk, pulling sharply, tearing the garment. One more tug had it fluttering to the floor in a puddle of tattered material.

"I liked that blouse." Melody gave Logan mock pout. The cool air on her damp skin made her shiver, her n**ples pulling up sharply.

"I'll buy you a dozen." Logan leaned over, his lips hard on hers, his tongue flicking over her lower lip. His hands were at her h*ps in an attempt to tug her skirt off. Melody covered his hands with hers, breaking away from their kiss.

"I like the skirt more. There is a zipper." She tugged the zipper down and Logan quickly had the skirt joining the blouse on the floor, leaving Melody nak*d on the couch. He sat back, kneeling between Melody's legs, slowly undoing the buttons on his jeans. She was incapable of looking anywhere else but where his fingers worked at the front of his pants, the bulge of his erection so very obvious, all the more tantalizing because she knew in her heart how much she aroused him, that she did this to him. And she knew Logan knew it too.

With a slowness that belied their arousal, Logan stood, leaving his flies undone but his jeans in place, his erection just visible, rising above the waistband of his jeans. Melody bit her lip, wanting more, reaching for him. But he just smiled, undoing the buttons of his shirt one at a time, teasing her as he stopped to slowly undo the buttons at the cuffs.

He left his shirt open, revealing a seductive view of his chest and stomach, as he looked down at her, eyes traveling over every inch of her body. Everything he wanted to do to her was written in his gaze and Melody gasped.

He finally shed his shirt and Melody let her eyes wander over his broad chest, down his torso to the jeans that still concealed most of his erection. Logan finally drew them down over his hips, kicking them away, standing nak*d in front of her.

She was so aroused by his strip tease, every nerve ending singing with desire. She wanted him, to touch him, kiss him, to have his hands on her skin again. Her body was moving on its own, h*ps rising, legs moving restlessly in anticipation of him claiming the space between them. His restraint was maddening to her and she was on the verge of begging him to come to her when he did, lowering himself onto her, his weight against her br**sts, his h*ps pinning hers to the couch cushions.

He held her gaze for a moment, his eyes burning with a fire that matched Melody's.

"Aye...now, Melody. Now."

There was nothing restrained in anything he did to her. He took her hard and fast, with such force she was gasping within minutes. She met him fully, all the emotions and tensions of the day transmuted into pure animal lust.

The couch was too narrow, too confining and they tumbled to the floor. In a seductive struggle, Melody briefly fought with Logan for control, finally pinning him to the floor, rising above him in triumph. His hands came up to her br**sts as she set the pace, controlling him with her movements, driving him to the edge over and over, taking herself dangerously close to that same cliff, pulling back before either of them fell.

When he rolled her over onto her back, she let him, giving up, surrendering to him again. He settled himself between her legs again and she knew there was no turning back this time, no reason to control anything. She was free to fall, free to let him take her with him over the edge.

Logan held her face in his hands, his body rising above her, his breath coming hard and fast, their bodies locked together. The strength of his gaze took her breath away, his words making her dizzy with love.

"God, woman, but I love ye. More than I thought possible."

He closed his eyes and Melody knew it was time. Logan cried out, his face buried against her shoulder. Her body responded, arching beneath him, her legs wrapped around his hips, pulling him hard against her writhing body.

There seemed to be no end and Melody lost track of time and space. Her body was consumed with wave after wave of ecstasy, and from a distance she heard herself crying out, high and keening, mixing with Logan's almost feral growls.

Sometime later she was aware of his breathing as it gradually slowed, his heart beating against her breast. With a low groan he pushed himself off onto his back, arms flung wide, where he lay for a moment before turning to Melody.

"It was lucky we were on the floor and not the bed."

She turned onto her side, propping herself on one elbow. "We'd have ended up on the floor anyway."

Logan took her hand, kissing her fingers before laying it on his chest. "Ta mo chroi istigh ionat."

Her eyes met his and she repeated the words. "My heart is within you."

* * *

"Yes, I do have to go to work." Melody was trying with much difficulty to extricate herself from the tangle of sheets and Logan's arms in a vain attempt to get ready for work.

"I can't stay home today." She moved out from beneath his arm, sliding to the edge of the bed.

"I have work to do, for one thing. Your case, as a prime example. With Ryan gone..." She slapped at his hand as it snaked up the inside of her thigh "...I'll have to make sure nothing falls through the cracks."

Logan finally gave up, rolling onto his back as Melody climbed out of bed, clutching the sheet around her body.

"I don't want to think about Ashton," he said. "But I suppose there's no hope for it. Do you know where we're at with the case? It seems so insignificant now, but it's what started this whole thing, no?"

"I still need to interview you, you know. That part of yesterday's meeting wasn't a ruse. It still needs to happen. You can come with me to the office and we can do that first thing."

Melody padded to the bathroom, stopping at the door to look back at Logan. He was lying nak*d on the bed, hands behind his head, regarding her with that look that made her weak in the knees. She bit her lip. It was obvious, even from across the room, he was ready to take her again.

She dropped the sheet, letting it fall slowly to the floor. "We could share a shower, if you want to. Save some time getting ready. If you don't dawdle, that is."

Logan had her in his arms almost before she'd finished speaking. "I was hoping for an invitation." He pushed her ahead of him into the bathroom, hands already exploring her body.

"But hey..." She tried to talk over the sound of the shower. "We can't be late..."

But Logan was already pulling her under the stream of warm water. "Aye, stop talking, woman, and we won't be."

* * *

Melody was on time, barely. She and Logan had taken a cab, and as she walked past the desks of secretaries and paralegals on the way to her office, she was conscious of curious looks and some outright stares. Whether it was just Logan's presence or word of yesterday's encounter with Ryan, she had no idea.

Victoria had her head down, engrossed in the document on her desk. She jumped, head coming up sharply, as Melody spoke.

"Morning, Victoria."

"Morning, Melody." She rose, eyes traveling to Logan.

"This is Logan MacKenzie. We'll be conducting an interview in my office. Do you have the file for the case?"

"Um...no. It's still upstairs. Do you want me..." Her voice trailed off as Melody shook her head.

"I'll go get it. I know where it is. Victoria, can you see if there's anything Mr. MacKenzie might like to drink? You can get settled in my office. I'll be right back." As she turned away, she heard the chirp of Logan's cell phone. Victoria was ushering him in Melody's office and she saw him scowl at the display before flipping the phone closed.

The door to Ryan's office was open, the lights out. Lori's desk was unoccupied as well and she remembered Lori had said she was given the day off.

She was shuffling through the files on Ryan's desk when she heard a noise from the doorway. Looking up, she was shocked to see Ryan leaning against the doorframe, dressed in jeans and a sweater.

Fear made her jittery and her immediate reaction was to bolt, but he stood between her and the rest of the office. I could scream...

"Don't worry. I'm not coming near you, especially here. Why should I? You've ruined me at my own firm." He straightened, walking slowly into the room.

"I'm here for a file." She held out the case file, then clutched it to her chest.

"Melody. You have every right to the file. It is your case, after all. I'm just here for a few personal effects. Hunter was gracious enough to allow me to come claim my own things."

Ryan moved behind his desk and Melody watched as he opened drawers, rummaging through the contents.

He spoke without looking up. "You know, I really need to give you credit for your little scheme. Well played. I didn't think you had it in you. I underestimated you, Melody."

Glancing up, he regarded her from behind the desk. "Although, judging by your cowering here in my office, I suspect the bravado yesterday was all a false front, as it were." His gazed traveled down to her br**sts, lingering there for a moment. She pulled the file higher, gripping it tightly.

Ryan shrugged, resuming the search through his desk drawer. A few objects materialized on the blotter. "Oh, well. I'll have the memories at least. Nothing quite as stimulating as what we might have had, Melody, if you'd gotten your head out of your ass long enough to realize what was being offered to you."

His bark of laughter made Melody recoil. "The look on your face is priceless. Really. And again, I have to wonder...was your boyfriend the mastermind behind yesterday's little coup? I really don't see your hand in that at all, come to think of it. It's not your style. You're a little...too passive."

Ryan came around the front of his desk and Melody backed up a step. But he only leaned against his desk, arms folded across his chest.

"If so, then you're weaker than I thought, not really partner material, in any sense. If you're so easily manipulated by any man that exerts the slightest bit of control over you, real or implied, then what are you? A pawn in a man's world."

Ryan straightened and before she could move, he was standing in front of her, close enough for her to feel his hot breath on her cheek.

"And in a man's world such as this, you're never going to succeed. Never."

And then he was gone. With a start, Melody realized she was trembling. She drew a deep breath, took a hesitant step forward, then another. By the time she was at the elevator, she was calmer. And by the time she was back in her office, she was no longer shaking. But her mind was in turmoil, playing back Ryan's words.

* * *

She was distracted during the interview with Logan. He answered her questions patiently, but the underlying tone of his voice made it obvious he knew something was wrong.

After an hour she dropped her pen. Logan reached for her hand and she let him massage her fingers.

"Seems ages ago you were doing this upstairs in the conference room, and I was still mad at you for taking advantage of me."

Logan regarded her for a moment, his eyes serious. "It does seem like a long time ago. So much has happened. And you remember what we said, we'd trust each other, no matter what. No secrets either." His grip tightened on her hand.

"Now tell me what's wrong."

She drew a breath before answering. "Ryan was in his office. We had a...chat."

At the sound of the man's name, Logan's jaw clenched. "You shouldn't have stayed there, Melody. The man's deranged...dangerous. You should have come back here."

"I know, but...he took me by surprise and then...you know, when he starts talking, it's like I'm hypnotized by him, by his words. I can't move."

She shook her head impatiently, pulling her hand away from Logan, standing up to pace the room. "I'm disgusted with myself for even listening to him, for letting what he said bother me. Because you're right, he's not stable."

"What did he say this time?" Logan's voice was tight, a scowl darkening his features.

"It's all nonsense, I know, but he said if I was so easily manipulated by him and then by you, how was I to succeed in a man's world?"

Despite knowing Logan was right, Melody started to cry. Logan rose, enveloping her with a hug.

"You know he's wrong. You've made it this far in life on your own, Melody. Without being a man and without tagging on the coat tails of one."

Logan held her face in his hands, his gaze intense. "You know that, don't you? And our little scheme with Ryan... that was all you. I take no credit for that, save for an off-hand comment."

Melody nodded. "I know. It's just...he knows how to hit close to home, how to say something that hurts and then twist it even more. The things he'd said about you, same thing. None of it is true, but when Ryan says it, somehow it sounds like the truth."

"He's a bastard, is what he is. An abusive manipulator. Has he a wife?"

Melody shrugged. "I don't think so. Maybe divorced, but I've never really known. He's always been very private about his own personal life."

Logan hugged her briefly before stepping away. "Are we done here then? Do you need to stay?"

"You're incorrigible, you know that? Yes, I have work to do. I do have other clients, ones that I've neglected. I have to..."

The chirp of Logan's cell phone lying on the table interrupted her. He glanced quickly at the display before double tapping a button on phone. The ringing stopped.

"You were saying? You have to...come back with me to the hotel?" He was smiling at her but there was a shadow lurking in his eyes. Melody shook head.

"Are you avoiding someone, Logan? That's at least the third time you've done that. Is it someone from the band? Or Ashton? If it's someone harassing you, I need to know."

Logan shrugged, looking at Melody. "No, it's nothing like that. I was just...I was hoping the calls would stop."

"Why? Who is it?"

"Claire."

Even though she'd never heard the name before, Melody's hands grew clammy and her heart began skittering erratically in her chest.

"Claire?" Her voice was a dull whisper. And then Logan confirmed her darkest fear.

"Aye. I told you about her. She's the girl I was engaged to, back home in Scotland."

* * *

Melody sat down heavily in her desk chair. "Why is she calling you now?"

Logan paced back and forth, looking down at the floor. "I don't know. I haven't answered any of her calls, nor listened to any of her messages. I've just been deleting them." He nodded toward the phone on the table. "Except for this last one."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"Like I said, I was hoping she'd just go away." Logan shrugged disconsolately. "Like you with Ryan, I guess. I just didn't know how to tell you. You were busy with...him. And I was busy breaking up the band. It just was one more thing out of everything I didn't want to deal with."

"But she's kept calling?" Melody watched Logan closely. The worry lines she'd thought were gone had returned, furrowing his brow.

"Yes. She's been calling more often. Odd times at night, during the day."

Melody sat forward in her chair. "Listen to the message, Logan. Let's figure out what she wants. Otherwise, if you avoid her, it's only going to get worse. Like you told me, you need to trust me."

Logan nodded. "I know. It's just...I haven't spoken to her, ever, since that night. I'm not sure I really want to know what she wants."

"Logan, it's not...there's not any chance...could she have been pregnant?"

The dismissive shake of his head and the scowl on his face told Melody all she needed to know. "No. Not a chance. She'd told me enough times she didn't want children, ever. Was probably the only thing we ever argued about. But it was the biggest."

"You want children?" Melody's voice was low, her heart suddenly beating in an oddly erratic way in her chest.

"Aye, more than anything. When the time's right. And it wasn't, not when I was with Claire, not then. But it will be...it could be." He met her eyes, and the pain she saw there almost broke her heart.

"Do you?" His voice was barely audible.

Melody nodded, not trusting her voice. Logan crossed the space between them, kneeling in front of Melody. He took her hands in his, his face turned up to hers. The love she saw in his eyes was almost overwhelming, the strength of it taking her breath away. Tears welled up in her eyes.

"If we're meant to be together, and I believe in my heart we are, then promise me you'll tell me when it's time. I want a family and I want it with the woman I love. I want that with you."

He released her hands and she wrapped her arms around him, pulling him against her. He buried his face in her neck and the soft shaking of his shoulders set her own tears loose. They stayed like this, wrapped in each other's arms, gently rocking back and forth.

The ringing of Melody's phone broke the moment. Logan rose, turning away from Melody, but not before she saw him swipe a hand across his face.

"Melody Lawson." To her own ears her voice sounded thick and she cleared her throat.

"Melody, Joe Hunter. I'd like to come down and talk with you. It's about Ryan Marshall."

"I'm just finishing up with a client, if you'll give me about ten minutes."

Logan shook his head, a rueful smile on his face. She stifled a laugh, turning her attention back to Joe.

"I'll see you in ten then." The line went dead.

"Back to work? I guess I'm a free man then, for the rest of the day." Logan scooped up the cell phone and Melody watched as his face fell.

"I guess no listening to messages then?"

"Do you want to wait till I come home, and we'll listen together?"

The smile that spread across Logan's face took her by surprise. The bemused look on her face made the smile turn into a chuckle.

"Home...you said when you come home. I like the sound of that. It sounds good."

Melody stood and Logan pulled her against him in a hug. The rumble of his laughter against her cheek made her smile.

"You're an incurable romantic, you know that, Logan?"

"Aye. I am. I'm not afraid to admit it either. You bring it out in me. Words, songs, poems...you've triggered the flood."

She raised her head, looking up at him. "You're writing songs? When can I hear them?"

Logan shook his head. "In a bit. They're just scratching's on paper at the moment, things that come to me at odd times. But it's been a long time since I've been inspired to write anything. I owe that to you."

There was a knock on the door. Logan kissed the top of her head, releasing her from his arms.

"That'll be Mr. Hunter. He said he had something to talk to me about, something to do with Ryan."

Logan took a step away from Melody, adopting a client-like demeanor. Melody opened the door to Joe Hunter.

"Melody. Ah, Mr. MacKenzie." Joe extended a hand and the two men shook. "I'm sorry to interrupt."

"I'm just on my way out. It's nice to see you again, Mr. Hunter. Melody, you have my number, if you need anything."

Melody closed the door after Logan, taking a seat at her worktable. Joe sat across from her, his hands folded on the polished surface.

"First, let me apologize on behalf of the firm for Mr. Marshall's actions. They were absolutely unconscionable."

"Thank you, Joe. That means a great deal."

"As you know, with a case like this, we'd have gone through all of the proper steps, starting with your filing of a grievance. We'd have gathered evidence from both sides and then worked toward a settlement. But something has happened to alter that process."

"What's happened? Has someone else come forward? Has someone come forward backing Ryan's story?" Melody's mouth went dry and her heart gave an uncomfortable lurch in her chest.

"No, not at all. Nothing like that." He paused, his face reflected his apprehension.

"Ryan Marshall has disappeared."

Melody shook her head. "No, I just saw him... this morning."

"Where?" Joe sat forward, frowning deeply.

"Here. In his office, I mean. I went to get a case file and he came in after I did. Said you'd given him permission to get some personal items from his desk."

Joe sat back, the color draining from his face. "I never did. The last I talked to Ryan was yesterday, in his office. He left shortly after that. I told him he was on administrative leave until further notice. Until we'd started a formal investigation."

"I don't understand. How do you know he's missing?" Melody's hands were trembling and she clutched them together beneath the table.

"He called me last evening, to tell me he had decided to resign. I was out to dinner, told him I'd call him back. When I tried calling him on his cell phone, he didn't answer. I tried his home number but his...I believe she's his housekeeper...said he wasn't home. And then I called again this morning, several times, and no one answered, not even the woman who had answered the night before."

"But he was here...how?" But Melody knew. Ryan had keys to everything.

Joe shook his head. "He's a partner, a senior partner. There's really no place he can't access."

"What do we do?"

"Nothing, really. Unless he's threatened you." Melody shook her head.

"About this morning, technically he'd be trespassing, except there's no formal resignation on file. It's a bit of a gray area at the moment. We're not even sure if we should contact the police. He's an adult, obviously, but...it's just a bit out of the norm for us."

Uneasiness crept up Melody's spine. She wanted to run, find Logan, and go far away. But there was no overt threat; just the knowledge that a potentially unstable man she'd humiliated in his own firm was not where he should be.

"We'll let security in the building know, along with the receptionists. He should be allowed on our floors, but there's nothing keeping him from being in the public spaces of the building."

Melody sighed. Her thoughts were churning, her mind in chaos.

"There's something else I wanted to discuss with you, Melody."

She started, the frown on her face deepening. "There's more?"

Joe held up his hands, hurrying to continue. "No, no...nothing bad this time. Actually, we'd like to make you the interim managing partner of the department. There is quite a heavy caseload here and we do need someone to manage the department. That is, until we find a permanent replacement for Marshall."

"Oh...Joe. I don't know what to say." This was all becoming too unreal for her and her mind was reeling. Maybe running away to Scotland and living in a cave wouldn't be such a bad idea...

"I don't need a decision immediately. But I would need one soon. Say, next Monday? That would give you the weekend to think it over."

"The senior partners back this idea?"

"Oh, yes. They're behind you being made junior partner. You have an exemplary record with us."

Melody's mind was racing. Apparently Ryan hadn't told anyone about her affair with Logan. "Did Ryan have anything to say about me, yesterday? About me being made partner, I mean? Anything negative?"

"No. He had nothing to say yesterday, other than to deny everything and proclaim he was being framed. But nothing regarding any hindrance to you being made partner. He's actually been quite supportive of your promotion. Why do you ask?"

Melody shook her head. "It's nothing...it's just...some of the things he'd said recently, his threats to derail my nomination for partner if I didn't...acquiesce to him. Honestly, I'm not sure what the truth is anymore."

She received a sympathetic smile from Joe. "Don't worry. Right now, you're exactly what this firm needs. Young, hard working, dedicated. And with a winning track record in court."

Despite her anxiety, she smiled. "Thank you, Joe. I'll give you a decision on Monday." She blew out a breath, sitting back in her chair. "This has been one crazy week. I've never had so many ups and downs crammed into so few days. I'm not sure how much more I can handle."

* * *

Melody spent most of the day working through Logan's interview answers, deciding the best strategy to handle the counter claim from Ashton and then getting caught up on the rest of her case load.

By early evening, for the first time in what seemed like ages, she sat back and gave a contented sigh. Her desk was still full of papers and files, but the chaos was down to a minimum and she actually felt like she'd done a good day's work.

"Victoria! Come take a look."

Victoria peeked around the door frame, a questioning look on her face. Melody spread her arms wide.

"Look. You can actually see some of the actual desk." She pointed to a corner of the mahogany desk visible between two stacks of case files.

"And it's thanks to you, Victoria. I couldn't have dug out of this without you. Thank you."

She got a shy smile in return. "It's my job...and, well, my pleasure. I enjoy working with you, Melody. I know we got off to a rough start, with Melissa and everything else that's happened."

"I didn't give you a very fair start. You did land in the middle of a mess, in more ways than one." Melody glanced at her watch.

"Go home. It's late and it's Friday. You've done more than enough today. Monday, we have several filings due. Lori will be back and I want you to go over those with her, have her help you."

"Okay. Thanks." Victoria lingered in the doorway a moment longer. "Can I ask you something?"

Melody leaned back in her chair. "Sure. What is it?"

"What's he like? Logan MacKenzie, I mean. He's just...well, I know I'm probably going to meet quite a few famous people here. I knew that when I took the job. But he's...I've been a fan for such a long time. And he's just so sexy. I know that's really unprofessional of me to say but... you know, I'm just a huge fan."

There was a part of Melody that wanted to share with someone exactly what Logan meant to her, but now was not the time and Victoria was certainly not the person. She shrugged, hoping the flush she felt creeping up her cheeks wasn't noticeable.

"I've only met him a few times, here at the office. He's nice. Very professional. Very private about his personal life, from the little conversations we've had that weren't about the case."

Victoria's face fell in disappointment. "Oh. You two seemed somehow closer. Like you knew each other. And you came in with him today. I just thought...it looked like you were friends."

Melody's inner warning bells were sounding. She'd have to make sure instances like this morning didn't happen again. If that were how closely others paid attention, she'd have to make sure she paid even closer attention to when she might be seen with Logan.

"He happened to be in the lobby when I came up. Coincidence, I guess."

"But he wasn't on your calendar..."

"We talked about it yesterday...after the...incident in Mr. Marshall's office."

Victoria shook her head, the disappointment on her face replaced with concern. "Such a horrible thing. It must have been so terrible, being put in such a position, hearing those horrible words."

Melody regarded the woman standing in her doorway, something tickling the back of her mind. Words. Ryan's words. What the hell is it? What words?

Of all the people she'd come in contact with that day, Victoria was the only one who had yet to say anything about the events in Ryan's office. There had been a few whispers, some stares and several people who had stopped by out of sheer noisiness. There had also been a few colleagues who had stopped by to check on how she was, if she needed anything. But the one person she worked most closely with had said nothing.

The warning bells grew louder. Melody tensed behind her desk, suddenly anxious to be out of the office.

"You know, it's late. I think I'm going to head out now too. Take off, Victoria. Go home. You've earned it today. Enjoy your weekend."

Melody rose and Victoria finally moved away from her door, heading to her cubicle, gathering her purse. As soon as she'd turned off her desk light and waved good-bye, Melody closed her door. She picked up the phone and dialed Logan's cell phone. He answered after the first ring.

"When are you coming back? It's late. I called earlier, but somehow ended up talking to your paralegal. Victoria, I think? She said you were in a meeting, not to be disturbed."

Melody closed her eyes, sighing in frustration. "I'm on my way now. I'll meet you in your room."

"Should I make a reservation..."

"No. No reservations." Melody could hear the rising tone of her voice and she took a deep breath.

"Is everything alright? You sound a little panicked." Logan's voice was heavy with concern.

"There are some things here that just don't make sense. I'll be there in a little bit and we can talk. I'm fine. Can you order dinner? In your room?"

"For you, I'd order the moon if they'd deliver it. I'll order wine as well. I'm having the feeling you're going to need it...that we both will."

* * *

"I think she's somehow connected with Ryan." They'd had dinner and Melody was curled up on the sofa, a glass of red wine in her hand. Logan sat at the end of the sofa, her bare feet in his hands, slowly rubbing the bottom of her feet.

"Ryan is missing. And when Joe came to offer me the interim partner position, he said he didn't give him permission..."

"Melody. Slow down. One thing at a time. Start with Ryan."

"Okay, sorry. He's missing. Or at least he's not answering his phone. Joe said Ryan had called him last night, told him he was resigning... And when Joe tried calling back, there was no answer. He tried Ryan's house, but the housekeeper said he wasn't there. And today there was no answer. But then he was in his office. I saw him there..." Her words trailed off as the thoughts in her head swirled in a maelstrom.

Logan looked up at Melody, a bemused look on his face. "Melody?"

"It...it was like he was waiting for me, or knew I was going to be there." She closed her eyes, brows drawn together in concentration. When she opened them, her gaze was fixed on Logan.

"Logan, when I went to get the file, what happened? With Victoria, I mean?"

"Nothing. I went into your office, she went back to her desk. She'd asked if I wanted anything and I said no."

"Could you hear her? Do you remember anything else? Anything at all?"

Logan frowned, the corner of his mouth drawing down. "She may have been on the phone. But honestly, I wasn't really paying attention." He colored briefly. "There was a call from Claire right then, and I was distracted by that."

"Oh, we never listened to her message. Or did you?"

Logan shook his head. "No. Not without you there. Not falling into that pattern again. But go back to Victoria. What is it you're thinking? That she's got something to do with Ryan?"

Melody shrugged. "I don't know for sure. But it's odd; she was hired by Ryan. Ryan knew when you'd be at my apartment, and he repeated some of our phone call. And then today. He's there, when I am? Joe said, as a partner, Ryan would have access to almost any place in the building."

She sat up, pulling her feet away from Logan's hands. "What if she's a mole for Ryan? What if he planted her in the office, to keep track of me, of us?"

Logan shook his head. "If it's true, it explains a great deal of things. But was she listening with her ear to your door? How would she know what we said on the phone?"

"Victoria can listen to my calls, from her desk. Melissa could as well. The phones are set up that way. With Melissa, we'd have conference calls through that system. But all Victoria has to do is press the mute button, hit the extension line I'm on and listen in. There's nothing on my phone that even shows whether she's listening."

"So any conversations we've had, she might have heard, and then repeated them to Ryan?"

Melody nodded and swallowed hard. Logan's face was suffused with the same anger she'd seen in Ryan's office and she was startled by its intensity. I never want to be on the receiving end of that anger...ever.

"Bastard. Fucking bastard. Is there nothing he wouldn't do to hurt you? I wish now I would have hit him again."

Melody shook her head in disbelief. "I'm stunned...if it's true. Remember, I really don't have solid proof, just a whole bunch of coincidences and hunches. Nothing solid. But I think we need to be more careful, not only of Ryan, but of everyone else."

"Aye. I agree. We lay low."

He turned to Melody. "And among the 'everyone else', there's Claire. She's called again this afternoon, left another message." His cell phone was lying on the coffee table, looking innocent enough. But Melody knew it was a ticking time bomb.

"We should listen to them, Logan. You can't avoid her forever."

Logan picked up his cell phone, flipping open the display. After a moment he set the phone between them on the couch. At the sound of the woman's voice, as the lilting Scottish accent filled the room, Melody's hands went cold, her body numb, as if someone had thrown a bucket of ice water over her head.

'Logan...it's Claire. Please...I know you're there. Pick up...please.'

"That was today, in your office. This was later." Logan tapped a button on the phone.

'Logan. Please. I know you're avoiding me, but we have to talk. It's important. Please call. I need to talk to you. There's something you need to know.'

Logan picked up his phone, flipping the display closed. "Well, nothing much there."

"Will you call her? Or answer her call?"

Logan's nonchalant shrug belied the tension in his body. "I will, I suppose. I just don't want to hear how much she loves me and all that bullshit, or how she wants me back."

Melody was silent, the echo of Claire's voice in her mind.

"And then there's the pain it'll cause you...already is causing you. I can see it in your face, in your eyes." He slid across the couch, pulling her against him.

"Even though I tell ye I love ye, you'll have doubts. It's just the way the mind works. The heart knows, but the mind plays tricks on ye."

He held her hand, tracing the lines on her palm. "You're in my heart, Melody and nothing will take that away. Nothing. She's of the past, ye ken. And all her asking or pleading won't bring her into my life...our life."

His fingers were beneath her chin, tilting her face to his. "Ye believe me, don't you, Melody? I don't like seeing you like this, knowing that something from my past is playing a part in how you feel."

"I know...and I believe you. I do. And you're right. My mind is going in a thousand directions, none of them good. And none of them the right way."

"Then let's just leave it for now. You've had a horrible day and I've missed ye."

He kissed her gently at first, and she tried to let her mind follow her body, to let the touch of his lips, then his hands as he moved them over her body, and later, the feel of him beside her in bed sooth her mind, ease her fears.

And he did sooth her mind, while deliciously exciting her body. Melody let herself be wrapped in Logan's arms, her legs around his waist, their bodies moving as one. When she arched against him, opened herself fully to him, every worry she had was erased in the swell of passion, of love, in the physical release she felt.

It wasn't until later, after they'd recovered, lying in the dark listening to Logan's slow breaths that the fears came back. It wasn't only Ryan, an insidious presence, but somehow easier to deal with than the nebulous fear that Claire had instilled in her heart. Even with Logan's reassurance that the past was just that, there was a dull empty feeling inside her.

She lay awake a long time, the window turning from black to felted gray to a dim yellow as dawn approached. When Logan stirred beside her, she was still awake.

"Morning..." His voice was sleep-roughened, sexy and husky, and she turned to him, burying her face against his shoulder. Tears she'd thought she'd pushed aside rose to the surface, and Logan held her as she cried against him.

"Melody, what is it?" He gently pulled her away from him, pressing her back against the pillow.

"Have ye slept at all? What is it?" The concern in his voice and on his face made her heart swell with love, made the empty feeling grow smaller.

"I'm...it's just...not knowing is worse than knowing what Claire wants." The words tumbled out in a rush.

"I just want to know what it is she's after. I can't know how to think about something if I don't know what it is."

Logan's mouth curved into a smile but the warmth of it didn't quite reach his eyes. He lay back on his pillow, pulling her against him. She curled into the protective crook of his arm, her hand on his chest. He covered hers with his, wrapping his fingers around hers.

"I know...I understand. But don't let it eat at you, Melody. We'll find out and then we'll both know. Whatever it is, it won't change what's between us. I won't let it."

He turned to her, his gaze intent on hers. "You believe me when I say that, don't you?"

She nodded, sniffling. "I do. It's just...in the dark, it's harder to believe."

"Go to sleep. It's not dark any more." He pulled her to his chest and she rested her head on his shoulder.

"Sing to me, Logan. Sing me a song."

"Aye. A song. Any one in particular?"

She closed her eyes. "Something in Gaelic, something I don't need to understand to like. If that makes sense."

He laughed softly. "I know what you mean."

She fell asleep with the dawn breaking outside, listening to Logan's soft singing. She knew it wasn't the song from the pub, the song about home. The melody was different, the few words she might recognize not there. But she drifted off, Logan's arm around her, his body warm against hers.

* * *

Melody woke with a jolt. The bed was empty and for a fleeting instant she thought Logan had left. She sat up, clutching the sheet, searching his pillow for the note she'd hoped he'd left.

But the sound of the shower brought her fully awake. She lay back, her heart thudding in her chest. This has got to stop.

She was still sitting up in bed when Logan came into the room from the bathroom. Even with just a towel wrapped around his hips-or maybe because of the towel-he radiated charisma.

"Hey..." She lay back, stretching beneath the sheet, letting it slide from one shoulder.

Logan stood at the foot of the bed. "I'm sorry. Did I wake you?"

"Uh-uh...I woke up on my own. But I missed you." She arched her back and the sheet slid further, revealing the curve of one breast.

"You did? Imagine that." Logan's mouth turned up in his characteristic charming grin and he stood, hands on hips, watching her improvised strip tease with the sheet.

His hair was still damp, curling around his face. Melody let her eyes wander down his body, lingering on the towel, before traveling back to meet his gaze. She thought she saw a not-so-subtle movement beneath the towel.

"I did. And I think you miss me too." She raised a questioning eyebrow. Logan walked slowly to her side of the bed, just out of arm's reach, taking hold of the edge of the sheet. Slowly he tugged it away from Melody's body, revealing more of her, his eyes traveling over her body as the sheet moved lower.

"I did miss you...taking a shower alone is no fun. And I want you very much." He tugged the sheet past her hips.

"And I think you want me."

By the time he'd uncovered her feet, Melody's breathing was fast and shallow, her lips parted, heart racing. Logan dropped the sheet on the floor, leaving her nak*d on the bed.

Her eyes strayed back to Logan's towel, now barely concealing exactly how much he wanted her.

"Do you want me, Melody?" His voice was low, teasing, so seductive it sent a ripple through her body. She nodded.

Logan pulled the towel away from his hips, dropping it to the floor with the sheet. She held out her arms and he climbed onto the bed, kneeling between Melody's legs.

"Say it...say you want me." Logan bent forward, hands planted on either side of her shoulders.

"I want you, Logan. Now..."

Logan sat back, holding her gaze a moment longer.

Then he was pulling her toward him, fingers digging into her hips, sliding up his thighs, taking her so fast she cried out in surprise.

He was rough and sensual and dominant. And she surrendered to him, letting him control everything, letting go completely, letting him use her while giving her so much in return.

At the end she clung to him, as he knelt, hands splayed across her back, holding her hard against his chest. She rode the waves of her release, head back, arms around his neck as Logan buried his face in her br**sts, his noises muffled against her skin. He trembled as he held her, his body taut as a wire, as he shook with the force of his release.

He finally lowered her gently to the bed, collapsing beside her. She stroked his back, tracing her fingers along his shoulders and down his spine, over and over, until he rolled onto his side.

"I suppose then you'll be wanting more of that later. That being so grand and all."

She laughed, swatting his arm. "You're full of yourself today, aren't you?"

"That I am. And it's a good feeling." Logan pulled her down, kissing her hard. When he finally broke the kiss and spoke, his voice was serious, but the glint of laughter was still evident in his eyes.

"But you will be wanting more, yes? Because I know I will."

* * *

It was late Sunday when Melody finally got ready to leave for her apartment. They'd skirted around the subject of Claire, Logan reluctant to either answer her calls or return them, and Melody decided she'd rather enjoy the little bubble of peace Logan had created for her than think about it. It'll still be there Monday, whatever it is she wants.

"I almost forgot about work. Oh, shit. I'm supposed to give Joe an answer about being interim managing partner."

She sat down on the couch. Logan was sitting at the table beneath the window, the notebook he wrote lyrics in open in front of him. He'd steadfastly refused to let her read anything he'd written and as tempted as she was, she'd honored his request.

He closed the notebook, joining her on the couch. "It's a good sign they offered it to you, no? Ryan obviously hadn't said enough to whoever it matters to then to make them take you off the list for partner."

"I know. And it is a good thing. I do want partner, but this is going to be a huge amount of work and responsibility, all at once. I'm not sure..."

Logan reached for her hand, the severe tone of his voice startling her. "Never doubt what you can do. Never. You're stronger than you know. It won't be easy, but you're not one to back away from hard work."

Melody drew a deep breath, sitting back against the cushions. "I guess I'm feeling a bit fragile after all that's happened. It's shaken my confidence in more ways than I care to think about. I'll be fine. It'll all be fine."

She leaned forward, kissing his cheek. "I need to go home, get some clothes for tomorrow. I love you, Logan."

"And I love you. You'll be back in time for dinner? We've yet to exhaust the extensive menu room service has to offer. I'll order something for you, if you like."

"I should be back by then. Nothing fancy, maybe just a salad. I'm not sure I can stand all these big dinners every night for much longer." She ran her hands down her sides. "I'll need a new wardrobe and you'll stop loving me because I've grown as big as a house."

Logan stood and pulled her up from the couch. "If that's the case, then we'll just have to devise a strategy to work those meals off of you. I've got some ideas..." His hands slide from her waist, cupping her against him. He leaned forward to kiss her but she ducked aside, laughing.

"Logan. I've said it before...you're incorrigible."

"And it's one of the many things you love about me." He stopped trying to kiss her but still held her in his arms.

She was laughing up at him. "Yes. It is. One of many. Now let me go so I can come back."

* * *

It was raining as she came out of the hotel and she ran from the lobby door into the waiting cab. She gave the driver her address and settled against the seat.

As the cab hesitated before pulling away she glanced back at the hotel. And froze.

Standing in the shadow of the awning that stretched over the sidewalk was the figure of a man, dressed in a dark coat. For all the world, it looked like Ryan Marshall.

The cab was moving into traffic and she turned, looking out the rear-view window. The man had detached himself from the building, standing in the middle of the sidewalk, watching her cab. Or so she thought. She kept him in sight as long as she could, until the cab turned and he disappeared from sight.

She fished her cell phone out of her purse and punched in Logan's cell phone number. It rang unanswered and then went to voicemail, the automated voice requesting that she leave a message. Leave a message? What message?

"Logan...I'm...I think I saw Ryan outside the hotel. I can't be sure..." The cab swerved in traffic and she juggled the phone, disconnecting the call.

"Damn." I'll call from home.

The cab dropped her half a block away from her apartment and by the time she was inside, she was soaked. Dropping clothes and shoes along the way, she headed to her bedroom.

* * *

Victoria was already at her desk when Melody arrived. As much as she wanted to confront the woman, she knew she couldn't.

So she pasted a smile on her face and treated Victoria as if it were any other Monday morning, offering a friendly greeting as she passed the woman's desk.

Victoria looked up from the document on her desk. "Did you have a good weekend?"

Melody paused outside her office door. "Yes. I did. You?"

Victoria nodded. "Yes, thanks for asking. I did spend it alone, but...sometimes that's nice too."

Melody nodded and went to her office. Her message light was flashing; Joe Hunter was already anxious to meet with her.

* * *

Joe was pleased with her acceptance, telling her he'd issue a formal announcement later that morning. Melody went first to find Lori, who greeted her with a big smile.

"I'm so happy for you, Melody! Really. This is going to be great. Congratulations!"

Melody had never seen Lori quite this animated and couldn't help but be buoyed by her enthusiasm. They spent a brief half hour going over Ryan's cases and Lori was eager to help Melody in any way she needed, including typing the documents for Logan's case.

The rest of the day was barely controlled chaos. Victoria struggled to keep up with Melody and her requests for files, updates on cases and caseload updates from the other associates. By the end of the day Melody's office was inundated with piles of papers, files and most of the contents of Ryan's office.

It was mid-afternoon when Melody's phone rang. She was tempted to let it go to voice mail but she knew dodging phone calls wasn't a good way to start.

"Melody Lawson."

"Logan MacKenzie." There was a pause, and a soft laugh. "You sound so professional."

"Logan...what's up?"

"I just wanted to see how your day was going, tell you I love you, and ask what you wanted for dinner." There was another laugh, this time louder. "I feel like the wife here. I'm a little out of my element."

"Things are horribly busy, but you know what? I'm loving every minute of it, so far. As far as dinner, eat when you want, don't wait for me. I may be very late. I'll call later when I have a better idea."

"You have the key card? Call when you're leaving and I'll meet you there."

"I will. And I love you, too." Melody replaced the receiver, smiling to herself.

"It's nice when they call to see how you're doing, isn't it?"

Melody jerked her head up. Victoria was standing in the doorway, another stack of files in her hands. Melody felt her face color.

"Do you have something else for me?"

Victoria came into the office, setting the files on the corner of Melody's desk. "You're very private about your personal life. I'm sorry if I was out of line."

"I am very private and yes, you were a little out of line." Melody took the files. "My personal life is just that, personal. That sounds rude, but I'm learning it's better that way."

Victorian nodded her head. "I understand. Again, I'm sorry." She turned and left Melody's office.

What the hell was that about? I really need to do something about her.

But there wasn't time. Before she realized it, it was well past dinner. Victoria had come to say goodnight and Melody had nodded absently, not noticing the time.

She stretched, working the kinks out of her back. Sometime earlier she'd kicked her shoes off and now she retrieved them from beneath her desk, reaching for the phone as she slid them on her feet.

Logan answered on the first ring. "I'm calling a cab and leaving now. Shouldn't be too long. It's way past rush hour, so traffic shouldn't be too bad."

"Good to hear. I'll be waiting downstairs."

The traffic was light and the cab ride was mercifully shorter than usual. She directed the driver to the security entrance in the parking garage. As she stepped out of the cab, she saw Logan waiting for her.

"This is complicated, but it seems much more private than the front entrance. I have to swipe the card to get into the garage and then, if you're not here holding the door open, I have to swipe the card to get in the door."

"Aye. It's the best they have. I still don't like you being down here alone though." He ushered her though the door and they took the elevator.

"It's better than being on the sidewalk with my imaginary stalker. Besides, when it rains, now I won't get wet."

They'd just settled down on the couch, Melody answering Logan's questions about her day when his cell phone rang. They both went silent. Logan picked up the phone, scowling at the display.

"It's Claire." He hesitated briefly, then answered the call, hitting the speaker button.

"Hello?" He set the phone between them on the couch.

"Logan? It's Claire. My God, man, it's hard to reach you."

"Well, yes, I suppose."

Melody could hear the tension in his voice, the guarded tone. And underlying that, she sensed fear. She reached out, taking his hand.

"What do you want, Claire?"

"Direct to the point, then. Is that how it's going to be?"

"Claire. I'm not wanting to talk to you as it is. But you keep calling so please woman, just tell me why."

There was silence from Claire.

"Fine. Here it is. I have your baby, Logan. And I think it's time you knew that."

