Kate was gone. Again.

But this time, Gage Stevens had no intention of letting her go.

Gage straightened, still breathing heavy, the sound of Kate's cab finally fading away into the darkness, the red glow of the taillights long gone. The wind blew hard around him and he thrust his hands angrily into his hair, pushing it away from his face. He could hear angry voices behind him, Jeremy yelling at Brand from security. Gage sighed. He'd have to face Brand and his band mate, the guy who he'd just punched in the face. The guy he'd turned on because of his comments about Kate.

Gage turned back toward the tour bus, the breeze chilling his hot skin. Jeremy was gesturing and pointing at Gage, Brand was holding up his hands in a placating gesture. As Gage drew closer, he could hear Brand's low voice, talking to Jeremy, telling him to just calm down. But as Gage climbed back on the bus to gather his gear, Jeremy broke free, his face contorted in anger, a dark bruise already forming on his jaw.

"You hit me, over a piece of tail? What the hell, man?" Brand grabbed Jeremy's arm as he tried to climb the stairs of the bus.

"Let me go. Gage!"

Gage finally found his shirt. Pulling it on, he glanced around the bus. There wasn't anything here he needed right now. He walked back to the front of the bus, watching Jeremy through the windows. Brand had pulled him away, forcing him into a waiting limo. Gage could still hear his angry words as Brand tried to shut the limo door.

"You're a piece of work, Gage. This, for a groupie? A piece of ass?" The rest was lost as Brand finally closed the limo door. Gage watched as the car pulled away and Brand walked over to him.

"You okay? I'll call you a limo to take you to the hotel." Brand unhooked his radio, holding it to his face.

But Gage shook his head. "No, man. I'm not going to the hotel. I need a ride to the airport."

***

When Kate had left him five years ago, he hadn't fought to get her back. He'd really been in no position to; he'd been a no-name guy, struggling to get his music heard, reaching for the dream he knew he could achieve. Kate had wanted...needed...him to be something he wasn't; stable, reliable and grounded. She couldn't wait with him for his dream to happen.

But Gage's dream had soon grown wings and taken off, propelling him to fame, more than he'd ever have dreamed possible. He was a mega-rockstar now, and Kate had now seen that, first hand. Fate had thrown them together again. Kate's magazine had assigned her first to do an interview with Gage and then had assigned her to go with him on tour. She'd seen that he had gotten everything he'd wanted out of life...everything except her.

And he thought he'd had her. Their passionate moments while on tour, their fevered love making had him convinced she should stay. He thought she felt the same way; he wanted her to feel the same as he did.

But she'd bolted, running out after the last concert, just minutes after they'd taken each other on a wild passionate ride, their bodies melded together in ecstasy. He'd told her to stay. There was something deep inside of Kate that he just didn't understand, that last bit of fear that terrified her and wouldn't let her see the future that they could have together. That fear had driven her away once again.

***

Gage secured a seat on the last flight out, the red-eye across country that would land him in New York first thing in the morning. As he sat in the almost empty plane, he thought about Kate, the tumultuous feelings he'd experienced over the past month.

I love her. What more does she want from me? But had he told her that? Maybe. Or maybe he meant to and never did. He shifted in his seat. The stewardess asked him if he wanted another drink and as much as he did, he shook his head no. He wasn't rockstar Gage Stevens right now; he was the guy going after his girl and he needed a clear head.

He dozed on the plane, drifting in and out of restless sleep, playing over every moment he'd spent with Kate, rehashing every conversation, looking for answers. But what brought him to sudden wakefulness was the realization that he really didn't know how to find Kate Preston in New York.

***

Kate dropped her purse on the floor of her apartment, leaning back against the door. She sighed, pushing herself upright. She'd gone straight to the airport after running away from Gage, jumped on a flight out to New York, leaving behind her newly bought wardrobe and many of her personal belongings. All she carried of value was her tape recorder with the latest interviews and the notes she'd made on tour. That's all that matters now, my job.

The apartment had a dusty, disused smell. She bent down, grabbed her bag and headed for her bedroom. Stripping off her clothes, she debated crawling into bed, but turned for the bathroom instead. At minimum, a shower would at least wash away the exhaustion, and help her relax.

She let the hot water pound against her shoulders and neck, stream through her hair. The smell of her own shampoo and soap was comforting as she washed her hair, soaping her hands and running them down her arms, over her br**sts and stomach, over her legs. But nothing could wash away the feel of Gage's hands on her body, his mouth pressed against hers, licking, sucking...his c*ck forced deep inside her, pounding her, filling her completely.

Kate jerked herself back to reality, shaking her head. There was no sense in heading down those dangerous paths in her mind. She rinsed herself under the stream of water, briefly contemplating turning it to a cold shower. Grabbing for towels, she wrapped one around her head and another around her body.

Her bed was waiting. Kate pulled back the covers, crawling beneath the cool clean linens. She pulled them over her head, willing herself to go to sleep.

But again, images of Gage invaded her mind. As much as she wanted to forget the last month, fragments kept popping up: watching him from the audience at the last concert, seeing the sheer joy in his face as he sang to the crowd. The last time they were together, after that same concert, the passion and heat he ignited in her body, her very soul.

And the last words Gage had said to her had not been the ones she'd wanted to hear. She'd wanted something more than he apparently was ready to offer. Every insecurity Kate ever possessed rose up in her mind; her lack of confidence, her innate shyness, her less than model thin frame.

And her job: her vaunted journalism career, currently hanging by a thread. This last assignment she'd been given, the one that had brought Gage back into her life, was all that was keeping her employed. The irony struck her hard. She'd left Gage because he wouldn't give up his dream to do something real...something concrete. And she'd followed her dream and was a failure.

What did she really want from him? She wanted to know she would be his, and his alone, that the endless groupies, the beautiful, slender, gorgeous girls at the after parties, all the trappings of the rock and roll lifestyle he'd become accustomed to wouldn't lure him away from her. And he'd never told her that he loved her.

Exhaustion finally overtook her mind and body. But she'd no more than fallen into a heavy sleep when the phone rang. She dragged her mind back from the depths, swearing under her breath, kicking herself for not turning the damn thing off.

"Hello," she mumbled into the receiver. She squinted at the clock on the desk; it was just past noon.

"Kate? This is Ursula. What the hell has happened?" The anger in Ursula's voice was like a slap in the face. Kate was instantly awake.

"Did you get the interviews from the tour? Did you at least manage to do that?"

"Yes, but...what...the story's not due for another week. Why are you yelling?" Shock replaced confusion; had she missed some deadline?

"No, the story is not due for another week. That's not why I'm calling. I'm calling because I've been on the phone all morning with Gage Stevens' manager. Gage has apparently gone missing as of last night. The last thing security saw was you running from his tour bus in tears and one of his band mates is sporting a bruised face in all the photos spread across the tabloids this morning. I want to know exactly what happened."

Kate closed her eyes. There was no easy way to explain this, especially to Ursula. She'd crossed a professional line in her job and she'd probably lose that job once Ursula found out the whole story.

"Well, um...it's like this..." Before she could finish the sentence, Ursula cut her off.

"Hold on. My assistant tells me Gage is calling here, for you. We have him on another line." There was a brief muffled conversation. Then Ursula was back on the line.

"This is highly unusual. He's asking for your phone number. Kate, you have a great deal of explaining to do. But, do you want me to give him your number? He's arguing that he will only speak to you."

Kate's mouth had gone dry, her heart pounding. Gage was looking for her. She realized she was clutching the phone, nodding her head.

"Yes," she whispered. No! Her mind screamed.

"Alright, we'll give him your contact information. But you need to meet with me first thing in the morning with the status of this series of articles. There is no room for failure with this, Kate." The line went dead.

Kate stared at the receiver in her hand, shock flushing her face pink and setting her pulse into overdrive. This is all too much. She finally set the receiver gently back down only for it to begin to ring almost instantly. She sucked in her breath, staring at the telephone, almost willing it to stop. It clicked over to the answering machine. And then Gage's voice was there, coming out of the speaker.

"Kate? Are you there? Pick up...please..." In an almost panic, Kate grabbed the phone from its cradle.

"I'm here, Gage."

There was silence on the other end. She thought he'd hung up, but then she heard the sound of his ragged breathing. He sounds almost...frantic, she thought.

"Kate, I thought I lost you...for a second time. And I'm not ready to go through that pain, not again."

Kate had no words for Gage. She simply waited, her heart in her throat, her chest growing tight with anxiety. She heard him take a deep breath.

"I know there's a lot that was left unsaid, a lot of things I did-or didn't do-but I'm not willing to just let you walk out of my life again. Not this time."

"Gage, what do you want from me?"

"I want us to try again. I want to try again, with you. I'm ready to listen to what you want...to really hear you this time. Will you let me try? Will you give us...give me another try?"

Kate closed her eyes. "I don't know..."

"Please. Kate, at least meet me somewhere, talk to me. Please." He hesitated. "I love you."

Tears slid down Kate's face. As much as she'd wanted-needed-to hear those words, she didn't know how to react now that Gage had finally said them. A sudden flush of molten heat fused its way through her body, wrapping itself around her heart, warming her skin, quickening her pulse and forcing her to press her back against the wall for support. She slid down to the cool floor in a crumpled heap, and took a deep breath.

"Gage, I'll meet with you...I really want to...but not tonight. I'm so drained that I can't even think straight and I know you must be, too." She heard him begin to protest but quickly cut him off.

"Listen to me." She was surprised by the sharp edge to her voice. She tried again. "Gage, please listen to me. I said that I'll meet you, but I just need to think first. And to get some sleep. Plus, Ursula wants to talk to me. She thinks I screwed up the articles. Call me tomorrow and we'll meet, okay? Give me a day to get my head together. Is that okay?"

She heard Gage sigh gruffly on the other end of the line. "Okay, Kate. I'll wait. However long you need...I'll be right here."

"I just need the night, Gage. I'll talk to you tomorrow." She clicked the off button but kept the phone in her hand, squeezing it tightly, hoping that she was doing the right thing. Her head was pounding, and her heart ached as if were crumbling in her chest. She was confused; her emotions tangled in a web of chaos and uncertainty, her nerves shot. He had said it - he had actually told her that he loved her, and yet she hadn't responded in the way that she had wanted to...in a way that he would have expected and she knew that once again she had hurt him.

She did love him, that much was for certain, but she wasn't sure where this was headed or how far it could go. She didn't want to hurt him again, yet she couldn't help but feel twisted up inside at the tortured tone in his voice. He was hurting...badly. She knew what she had to do. She needed to get Ursula under control first before she could deal with Gage. With a slow hand, she picked up the phone, punching in the number for her boss.

***

Gage's suite at the W on Lexington Avenue was smaller than his usual style, but he had a sense that part of what overwhelmed Kate was the over-the-top lifestyle she saw him living while he was on tour. Playing it low-key now seemed like the way to go, to show her that life with him could be normal.

Belatedly, Gage remembered to call his manager, listening to the tirade from the man about how Gage had been irresponsible, disappearing without a trace, for not sticking around for the press after the last concert. And he gave him hell for going after Jeremy. Gage let the man ramble and then cut the call short, telling him he'd be in touch. At least that got his manager off his back for a while.

He'd been unable to sleep, pacing the floor, heading out onto the private terrace of his suite. The lights of New York at night were absolutely beautiful; he would never get tired of the energy of this vibrant city. Oddly enough, it was one of the few cities he didn't own property in. Maybe it was time to start looking.

Gage wandered back into his bedroom, turning on some soft music, anything to distract his thoughts from Kate. He finally flung himself down on the bed. Kate had been endlessly on his mind since she'd stormed out of the tour bus. There had been a desperate moment when he'd called her Magazine asking for her. But the name Gage Stevens opened doors and apparently got snooty receptionists to put calls though. After an interminable time on hold, listening to horrible canned synthesizer music, he was put through to a brusque woman who told him she was Kate's boss. She also told him his request was highly unusual. After another lengthy hold, she returned, giving him Kate's home phone number. He thought he thanked her, but he wasn't sure. She'd started explaining his manager was looking for him, but he'd already ended the call, cutting her voice off in mid-sentence.

The conversation with Kate hadn't gone the way he'd wanted, but he was finally beginning to understand that he needed to do this at her pace, not his. Being in control was second nature to him; letting go and letting her take the lead was going to be a challenge. But he was willing to do whatever it took to get her back, and to keep her.

Eventually he drifted off, the soft sounds of the music lulling him to sleep. He dreamed of Kate, her soft skin beneath his hands, kissing every inch of her lush body, her br**sts so soft as he sucked her n**ples. She responded to his every touch, arching up beneath him, screaming out his name as she came, as he came with her, both of them spiraling upward on a whirlwind of ecstasy...his name on her lips, telling him she loved him...I love you, Gage...

Gage woke with a start, drenched in sweat, not knowing where he was. He reached blindly for Kate, but the wide bed was empty. Opening his eyes, he looked around, slowly making sense of the strange room, finally remembering he was in New York.

His huge erection reminded him of his dream, every vivid detail making his c*ck throb and ache. The bathroom in the suite had a large steam shower and he headed there, the images of Kate's body as she arched and twisted beneath him so fresh in his mind it was almost painful. Gage stood a long time beneath the hot water, his hand stroking his cock, h*ps thrusting forward as he replayed the dream, replayed making love to Kate. As he came, he called out her name, eyes closed, head back.

Gage rested his forehead on the cool tile of the shower as he caught his breath. Masturbating in the shower was nothing compared to the real deal, to making love to Kate. He turned off the water, grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his waist, heading to the bedroom and the phone. He'd waited long enough. It was morning, barely, and Kate had told him to wait a day. Close enough.

His hands were trembling as he punched in her number. Taking a deep breath, he listened as the call went through, counting the rings.

"Come on, Kate. Pick up." He paced through his suite, his towel slipping from his wet body. As he juggled the phone and the towel, he heard her answer.

"Kate? It's me. How are you?"

"Hi, Gage. I'm fine. Better than yesterday. At least more rested than yesterday. How are you? Where are you staying?"

"Good, I'm good. I'm at the W on Lex." There was an awkward silence. He heard Kate's soft laugh on the other end of the phone.

"What's so funny?"

"Us. I mean, we sound like awkward teenagers on the phone, not knowing what to say. It just made me laugh."

Gage smiled. "It's good to hear you laugh, Kate. I like the sound of your laugh." He took a deep breath. "Look, I'd like to meet some place, here at the W or wherever you want. I just want to see you, not do this over the phone. Are you ready to see me?"

It seemed an eternity before she answered. "Yes, I'll meet you. Not at the hotel though. Someplace else. I have to meet with Ursula this morning so how about we have lunch at Sarabeth's on Park Avenue? I'll meet you there around say, 11:00?"

"Alright. I'll be there." Gage hesitated. "Kate, I meant what I said. I do love you."

"I know you do, Gage. I'll see you at Sarabeth's."

And then she was gone. Gage replaced the phone. Looking down he realized he was nak*d, the towel pooled on the floor at his feet. And he realized the sound of Kate's voice had given him another erection. He looked at his watch; it was a long time until lunch. He scooped up the towel from the floor, heading back to the shower.

***

Even though she knew he would call practically at first light, Gage's phone call had still startled her. His admission, again, that he loved her sent a shiver through her body, making her heart sing. But her rational mind kept telling her not to be swayed by three little words.

She glanced at the clock; if she didn't leave now, she'd be late for her meeting Ursula. And she had the distinct impression being late would be the final straw.

The offices for Stardom Magazine were on Park Avenue. The building always intimidated Kate, even though she loved her job. But this morning she was too nervous to even be intimidated by the glass and metal structure. She took the elevator to the 30th floor, nodding hello to the receptionist. But instead of her usually disdainful look, the girl waved her over.

"Really, Kate? Gage Stevens? What happened? Spill the details." The girl leaned forward, eyes wide, waiting for the juicy gossip.

Kate was at a loss; she didn't even know the girl's name. "Um, well, not much. You know, tour stuff. It was pretty hectic."

"Playing coy? No one like Gage Stevens has ever called here asking for the personal phone number of some lowly copy writer." The girl sat back, giving Kate a smug look. She opened her mouth to continue, but thankfully the phone rang, distracting the girl and giving Kate a chance to escape.

Kate's cubicle was just as she left it, with the same dusty disused air as her apartment. Shoving a messy stack of interoffice mail to the side, she cleared a space, dropping her bag on the desk. She pulled out her digital tape recorder, checking the batteries and listening for a few moments to the audio recordings. She took out the notebook full of entries from the tour, flipping through the pages of interviews with the crew, the band and with Gage. Everything that had happened, sans her personal encounters, was documented, along with her impressions and thoughts. She smiled at some of the notes she'd made, at some of the comments of the band members and crew.

Kate flipped to the last handwritten page, cringing at the notes she'd scrawled on the plane home, in the dim light of the cabin as she flew through the dark, running away from Gage. The notes were terse, barely legible, but still captured the intense feelings of joy and exhilaration she'd felt as she'd watched Gage perform from the crush and heat of the audience. She'd been so close to the stage he could have reached down and touched her. The fans around her, all girls, had been in a frenzy, screaming Gage's name. But for a moment, it had been just her and Gage, their eyes meeting, the noise fading away. She'd been so proud of him, to see him giving so much of himself to the crowd, to his fans, letting the music he'd created wash over them. He was truly in his element and it showed.

And then the spell was broken. The sounds of the crowd came rushing back, filling her ears, bodies jostling her roughly. Gage was waving to the screaming audience, leaving the stage, the concert over. And then, unbidden, the rest of that night came rushing back. Kate closed her eyes, willing the memories back where they came from.

But the feel of Gage's hands on her body, as they made frantic passionate love on the tour bus, his whole body claiming hers, made her skin prickle with goose bumps. She closed her eyes, helpless as the flood of impressions filled her mind. An unbidden heat rose through her body, an involuntary shudder coursing through her.

"Kate Preston. It's about time you grace us with your presence."

Kate swung around in her chair. Ursula was standing in her cubicle, hands on her hips.

"Ursula. I'm...I've...sorry I'm late."

"My office. Now. And bring your notes." Ursula turned on her heel, leaving Kate's cubicle. Kate gathered her notebook and recorder, and followed, trying to avoid the curious glances of her co-workers.

Ursula held the door for Kate. As soon as Kate was seated, Ursula closed the door. She took a seat behind her desk, looking coolly at Kate for a long moment.

"You know that this assignment was given to you because your previous interview with Gage Stevens had been so extraordinary. We all assumed, perhaps incorrectly, that your relationship with Mr. Stevens would aid you in getting us a stellar series of interviews based on his recent tour." Ursula took a breath.

"But apparently your 'relationship' with Gage has perhaps interfered with that assignment?" Ursula leaned forward.

"I need you to be honest with me, Kate. What do you have?"

Kate took a deep breath. "I have my recordings of every interview, along with my notes, my impressions of the concerts, my thoughts on the interviews. There's over 30 hours of digital content and a full notebook." Kate set the recorder and notebook on the edge of Ursula's desk.

Ursula sat back, looking at Kate. Kate felt like a mouse, waiting for the cat to make its move. She tried to look composed, not to let her emotions get the better of her.

"Do you think you can write this series and have it in by deadline?" Ursula's voice had dropped the sharp edge; she sounded more like the boss Kate was used to.

"Yes, of course. I've started the outline for the first article, laying out the format I'll use for the rest of the series. There's enough digital content for at least one major player interview per week, along with a strong article to run with the interview as a sidebar." Kate stopped for a breath. She realized she was babbling and she forced herself to slow down.

"I also have a series of photos from the concerts. They're candid, action filled shots of the stage from the audience perspective. And I obtained some stills from Gage's...from the manager to use with the interviews."

Ursula leaned forward again. After a long moment she spoke. "Okay. You have one week to get me something to print. I want this in the next issue. Get the photos to Dave so he can start work on them. That's all." Ursula dismissed Kate with a wave of her hand.

Kate nodded, gathering her recorder and notebook. Once she was back in her cubicle, she allowed herself to finally draw a deep breath. One week. Completely doable. She called Dave in the art department and arranged to download her photos to the Magazine's system.

As she hung up the phone, she glanced at the clock. It was coming up on 11:00. She'd need to leave now or she'd be late for her meeting with Gage. At the thought of seeing him again, her heart began to thump erratically. She drew a ragged breath, stuffed her recorder and notebook in her bag and headed for the elevators. Once she hit the lobby, she avoided the receptionist and hailed a cab.

Gage was standing in front of Sarabeth's as Kate's cab pulled to the curb. She paid the driver and stepped out on the sidewalk. For a moment, she was struck by how beautiful Gage was, the perfection of his face, his body, the sun glinting on his dark hair. She wondered again, for the hundredth time, what he wanted with her. Would she ever get over her insecurities when she was with Gage?

***

Gage had been at Sarabeth's for almost twenty minutes, pacing back and forth. He knew he was early, but he still had the tug of worry that Kate wouldn't show up. When her cab finally pulled to the curb and she stepped out, he abruptly stopped pacing.

She was beautiful, the sun setting her red hair on fire, her grace as she stepped out of the cab. Such a simple gesture and she made it look like a ballet. He was rooted to the spot for a moment as she walked toward him.

"Hi, Gage." She stopped in front of him, looking up, the light reflecting in her clear green eyes, making them shine.

"Kate." Instinctively he reached for her, pulling her against his chest. He felt her stiffen briefly in his arms, then slowly relax against his body. The world faded, the crowded sidewalk disappeared, the traffic noises ceased as he buried his face in her hair, breathing deeply, inhaling the scent of the woman that drove him wild, the scent of the woman he loved.

"Gage... We're blocking the sidewalk." He raised his head, looking down at Kate with a chuckle. He realized they were being jostled by pedestrians. As much as he longed to kiss her lush lips, he stepped back, still resting his hands on her shoulders.

"Okay. I went ahead and made a reservation. They should have something private for us."

He held the door and the entered the restaurant. They were seated at a booth, set in the back of the restaurant. A white-aproned waiter appeared with menus, took their drink order and silently departed, hands clasped behind his back.

Gage looked at Kate, her head bent over the menu. He wanted this to go well, wanted it so badly he wasn't sure he could manage to eat. It had been a long time since he'd been this nervous with a woman. He laughed softly.

Kate looked up, startled. "What's so funny?"

"Me...I'm nervous, Kate. You've got me on edge and I forgot what it felt like to get all worked up for a woman like this. I'm not sure I can even eat."

Kate smiled at him. "Me too, although I am starving. I think we just need to relax. We're not going to make any life-changing decisions over lunch."

Gage watched her face grow serious. He reached across the table, holding her hand.

"I know, Kate. As much as I want whatever is next to happen right now, I know that's now how you want this to go. And I'm willing to go slow, take as long as it takes for us to work something out. All I want, Kate, is you. And this time I'm willing to work for it, do whatever it takes to make it work between us." He held her hand, watching a kaleidoscope of emotions flash across her face.

She took a deep breath, squeezed his hand briefly and then let go. For a moment Gage thought she was going to bolt from the restaurant, but she looked up at him, and he saw tears in her eyes.

"Gage, this is going to be hard. There's so much between us now. Let's eat lunch, keep it light and work on the heavy stuff later. Court me a little, let me get used to you here, without all the glitz of the tour. Let me get used to Gage, the man, not Gage Stevens, the star." She was smiling, her eyes sparkling with intensity and hunger and he felt her desire wash over him as she scanned his face.

Before he could answer her, the waiter brought their drinks and took their order. Despite his nerves, Gage realized he was hungry. He ordered a burger and fries while Kate asked for cream of tomato soup and a grilled cheese sandwich.

Gage sat back in the booth, letting Kate have her space. "So, how was the meeting with Ursula? Everything okay with the assignment?"

Kate took a sip of ice tea. "Yeah, so far. I have a week to turn in the first article and interview. I think it'll be fine. I've got notes and the recordings; it's all there. It just needs to be written." She smiled.

"Ahh, well you'll do fine. You're an awesome writer," Gage replied with a grin.

"Thanks," she smiled appreciatively. "I'm actually looking forward to writing the series. I think I've got my head around what I want to convey and once I get my teeth into it, it should almost write itself."

Gage let Kate talk about her work for a while, letting her relax, enjoying just being with her. She asked if he'd called his manager and he laughed, repeating the conversation, the threats his manager made, the general scolding he'd gotten.

Kate looked shocked. "He threatened you? With what?"

"Not much. I'm his cash cow, there's no way he'd drop me. He left a message earlier actually; I need to call him when we're done with lunch."

Their food arrived and they both ate heartily, keeping up a continual conversation that included everything but what Gage wanted to talk about. He was growing impatient; he wanted to forge ahead with Kate, get everything out in the open, and get it resolved. But he bit his tongue, more than once, letting her talk.

Finally, after what seemed an eternity, they were finished. Gage claimed the check, smiling at Kate. Once on the sidewalk, he wasn't sure what to do next. Indecision had never been a problem with him, but this new take-it-slow attitude with Kate was making it hard.

"Shall I get you a cab? Are you going back to work this afternoon?" Gage was scanning the street, looking for a cab. He finally turned back when he realized Kate wasn't answering him.

She was smiling at him, an unreadable look on her face.

"The answers are: yes. And: no." She took a step forward, placing her hands on his chest, looking up into his eyes. He caught a glint of something in those green depths, something playful and mischievous, but still guarded.

"I want a cab, but I want you to take me to your hotel." She stood on tiptoe, kissing him quickly. "I've always wanted to see the inside of the W Hotel."

***

Somewhere during lunch it dawned on Kate that Gage was really making an effort, to let her do this at her own pace, to really listen to her. She wasn't sure exactly when the idea began forming in her mind, but she realized as she watched him trying to hail a cab that right then, at that moment, there was nothing more she wanted than to be in bed with him. They could talk later; right now she wanted the immediate connection that took her breath away, made her giddy and made her body sing. She wanted Gage with an immediacy that almost scared her, but also made perfect sense.

And as much as she knew letting herself tumble back into a relationship with Gage could be devastating, might be the totally wrong thing to do-and probably was-she wanted to take that chance.

Kate wanted to take the lead for once, if Gage seemed willing. If I can control this, I can keep myself from getting hurt...again.

The cab ride to the hotel was brief. Gage seemed a bit puzzled by her sudden change of attitude, but she didn't give him a chance to question her. Before the cab even pulled away from the curb, she pulled him to her, his face in her hands, kissing those beautiful lips, her tongue probing and then, as he opened his mouth to her, dancing with his tongue in his mouth.

By the time they reached the W, Kate was hot, ready to take Gage on a wild ride. Gage punched the button for the elevator, pulling Kate against his hip as they waited impatiently for the car to arrive.

"So, what's gotten into you?" He whispered into her hair, his hand moving restlessly over her back, his breath hot against her skin.

The elevator door opened and he propelled Kate inside, hitting the button for his floor. He had her back in his arms before the elevator door slid shut. Kate looked up at Gage, taking in the dark eyes and beautiful lips. She ran her finger down his nose, tracing his lower lip with the tip of her finger. Gage gently sucked her finger into his mouth, his tongue hot against her skin as it flicked over her fingertip.

Kate caught her breath as an involuntary shudder coursed through her body. She felt her face flush, her heart beat faster.

Gage was looking down at her, his eyes dark, heavy lidded. He slowly pulled her finger out of his mouth.

"Kate...what are you doing?"

Before she could answer, the elevator door slid open. They stood for a moment, lost in each other's eyes. The chiming of the door sliding shut brought them back to reality. Gage reached out for the door and it sprang back. He took Kate by the hand, leading her down the hall to his room.

Inside, they were at each other instantly, Gage's question forgotten. Kate's eager fingers were undoing the buttons of Gage's shirt, pulling the fabric away from his body. She let her eyes travel over his chest, the smooth hot skin beneath her fingers, the hard muscles beneath. She leaned forward, licking one nipple, feeling it harden at her touch.

Gage's hands were pulling at her shirt. She stepped away from in him and in one swift gesture, pulled the shirt over her head, her hair crackling with static. She reached for the fly on Gage's jeans, fingers working the snap and zipper. Gage's erection was pushing against the fabric; she could feel the heat of his body as she tugged at his clothes.

He'd moved his hands to her br**sts, squeezing them through the thin material of her bra, running his thumbs across her n**ples. The sensation sent jolts of pleasure straight through her, pooling low in her stomach. She caught her lip in her teeth, closing her eyes briefly, her fingers stilling for a moment, letting the sensations of his hands on her br**sts wash over her body.

She opened her eyes, finally tugging his jeans free of his narrow hips. His erection was there, right in front of her, curving up the plane of his stomach. Gage kicked his jeans away, his hands sliding down her back to cup her ass, pulling her against his body. He looked down at her, eyes dark and heavy-lidded. There was a brief hesitation and then he claimed her mouth with his, branding her with a searing kiss, setting her whole body on fire.

Gage's hands were clutching at her ass, his erection rubbing against her stomach, his fingers tugging at her jeans. Kate reached between them, undoing the snap and tugged her jeans and panties down over her legs. Kicking her shoes off, she bent briefly, sliding the jeans off and tossing them aside.

Instantly she was pressed against Gage's body, his skin smooth and warm beneath her hands. She let her hands wander, down his arms, the hard muscles of his chest, his flat stomach and then she cradled his erection in her hands, cupping his balls, wrapping her fingers around his thick shaft. His moan of pleasure sent a ripple through her body.

Tightening her grip on his cock, she slowly stroked him, watching his eyes, seeing arousal flash across his beautiful face. His hands were roaming over her body, stroking her back, clutching her ass, his fingers probing between her cheeks, pulling her against him.

"Kate...oh, god, baby. This feels so good." He bent to kiss her, his lips hot against her mouth. She held his cock, stroking it, loving the feel of it in her hands, the smooth skin over the hardness of his erection.

And then Kate dropped to her knees, Gage's gasp of surprise making her smile up at him. She held him in her hand, leaning away from him, looking up at his bewilderment, a mischievous grin on her face.

"Not what you want, baby? You don't want me to suck this big hard cock?"

"Oh, no...yeah, I mean...oh, hell, Kate. You've got me all confused. But yeah, oh...yeah. I want to be in your mouth. Please."

Gage wound his fingers through her hair, gently pulling her toward him, his erection rising in front of her face. Kate looked up at Gage as her lips brushed against the head of his cock.

She edged the tip of her tongue between her lips, flicking it quickly over his cock, short strokes that made Gage gasp, delicately licking the underside of the head, feeling his c*ck twitch and jerk in her hand.

As she worked her way down his shaft, she increased the pressure with her tongue until she was licking him, her tongue sliding across the hot skin, the salty taste of him driving her wild.

Licking and kissing her way back up his shaft, she pulled the head of his c*ck into her mouth, her tongue swishing over the turgid head. She sucked hard, briefly, a loud moan escaping Gage's parted lips. She'd never broken eye contact and he was still looking down at her, watching every move she made. The power Kate had, in that moment, made her shudder. I like this. I like control. No wonder Gage's happiest when he's calling the shots.

Gage began thrusting his h*ps forward, slowly, silently begging her to take more of him into her mouth. She opened her mouth for him, letting his hard c*ck slid past her lips, into the hot wet recesses of her mouth. Closing her lips around his thick shaft, she held him a moment, letting him gently pump his h*ps forward, his breathing growing louder as she swirled her tongue over his cock. His lips were parted and Kate could see his tongue slid out, licking his lips.

Kate started moving her head, bobbing it slowly, working more and more of Gage's hard c*ck into her mouth. Reaching forward, she wound her fingers over the base of his shaft, squeezing rhythmically as she increased her speed. With her other hand, she reached down, caressing his balls.

Gage's moans of pleasure increased as he thrust his h*ps forward, forcing his c*ck into Kate's mouth. She began sucking, first gently, then harder, working him in and out of her mouth, her tongue swirling over his shaft.

Kate kept him in her mouth, sucking and licking, working him with her tongue and hand, until he was shuddering, his h*ps jerking forward. He was breathing hard, sweat beading across his upper lip.

"Oh, god, Kate. This is heaven. Oh, yeah...oh, fuck..." Suddenly he pulled away from her, his c*ck twitching, glistening with her saliva. She lost her balance, leaning forward, catching herself with her hands on his hard thighs. He pulled her up by the shoulders, spinning her around, bending her over the arm of a nearby chair.

And then he was inside her, his c*ck thrust into her p**sy, making her cry out as he pushed her forward with the power of his thrusts. He held her h*ps hard, digging his fingers into her flesh. She could hear him grunting loudly and before she could even regain her balance, he was coming. His cry was something she'd never heard from him before; part desperation, part pure ecstasy. She felt the hot liquid of his orgasm filling her and then running down her legs. Before she'd even registered what had really happened, he was draped over her, his ragged breath hot in her ear, his sweat covered chest pressed against her back. He held her for a long moment, his arms wrapped around her waist.

Gently he helped her stand, pulling away from her, turning her around, cradling her against his chest. She could hear his heart pounding as she rested her head against him. He stroked her hair softly.

"Oh, god, Kate. What you do to me. I didn't want to come in your mouth; I wanted to be inside you, where I belong. I'm sorry it was so fast but watching you there, my c*ck in your mouth, you sucking me, your body so perfect, I couldn't hold back."

He tipped her face to his, kissing her lips gently. "I promise I'll make it up to you, babe."

She smiled up at him. Sending him completely out of control was exactly what she'd wanted all along. The feeling of power coursing through her body was almost as exhilarating as an orgasm...almost, but not quite.

Kate's body was thrumming, seeking release. She was ready to let Gage take over, let him pleasure her until she was a quivering mass of woman, surrendering completely to him. She shivered involuntarily as he undid the clasp to her bra, slowly pulling it down her arms. He looked down at her, cupping her br**sts, watching his fingers against her pale skin, sliding his thumbs across her hard n**ples.

She expected him to lead her to the bed, but he headed to the open shower. It was huge, with multiple showerheads and what appeared to be a steam shower as well.

"Holy cow, Gage. This is bigger than my apartment." As large as the shower was, it was also warm and inviting. Gage turned the lights down to a soft glow. The tile work was rich taupe and brown, earthy and sensual. She let Gage adjust the water, watching it fall down from a rainfall showerhead.

Gage pulled her beneath the water, the droplets perfectly mimicking being caught in a warm summer rain. He held her for a moment, just letting the warmth pour over them. She tilted her face to him and he kissed her, deeply and passionately, exploring her mouth with his tongue, his hands moving over her body, slowly caressing her skin as the water streamed over them.

There was row of shampoos and soaps on a nearby shelf. Gage reached over, pouring a silky stream of delicious smelling shampoo into his hand. He turned Kate around, working the shampoo into a lather and gently kneading it through her hair. It had been a long time since anyone had washed her hair; the sensation of his strong fingers massaging her scalp was heaven. Kate closed her eyes, all thoughts other than the exquisite feeling of Gage washing her hair gone for the moment.

He turned her around, grabbing the hand-held showerhead and carefully rinsing the bubbles from her hair. When he was done, he took a bar of scented soap, working up a lather with his hands. With infinite care, he began washing her, soaping her arms, running his hands over her br**sts, down her stomach, over her thighs. He again turned her around, washing her back, his hands skimming over her curvy ass.

Gage worked in complete silence. Kate was mesmerized by the whole process; his slow and deliberate attention to every inch of her body, the almost reverent way he attended to her. Kate felt loved and pampered, totally relaxed and content to let him do as he pleased.

Gage rinsed her body again, turning her beneath the patter of warm water. He stepped away from her, looking her over, then meeting her gaze with serious eyes.

"I pronounce you clean, Miss." He bowed deeply, rising with a smile on his face.

Kate burst out laughing. She'd forgotten how romantic and gentle Gage could be. The tour had shown her the rough side of him and it made her heart sing to reconnect with this part, the playful part.

She pulled him close, holding him for a moment beneath the falling water. Then she took the soap and gently began washing him.

It wasn't long before his c*ck was hard again. She washed him slowly, enjoying the feel of her wet soapy hands sliding along the length of his erection.

At one point, Gage gently stopped her hands. "It's your turn, Kate." She watched as he stood beneath the water, the soap bubbles trailing down his long legs. He reached one hand between her legs, gently probing with his fingers, his eyes locked with hers, pulling her against him with his other arm, cradling her against his body. She gasped as his fingers slid across her clit, then worked into her p**sy. Every nerve ending was alive, aching for his touch.

It took only a few moments of Gage's exploring fingers touching her, probing inside, rubbing her sensitive cl*t before she was crying out, her body jerking, her h*ps thrusting forward. She let herself go, let her orgasm rip through her body, clutching Gage as her body shook, letting him hold her as she cli**xed.

He held her gently for a minute. Then he turned her around, pressing his erection against her ass. The heat, the hardness of his body against hers was intoxicating. She looked at him over her shoulder, meeting his gaze, seeing the passion and arousal she felt reflected there.

"Gage, f**k me. I want you inside me....now." She practically growled out the last word. She wanted his c*ck inside her, hard, thrusting. And Gage did just that.

He held her hips, and for a brief moment she felt his c*ck brush against her ass. And then he was inside her, thrusting hard, his c*ck filling her. Kate rested her hands on the shower wall, pushing back against Gage, spreading her legs, willing him to push further into her.

Gage held her h*ps against his body, wrapping his arm around her waist, thrusting upward in hard strokes, almost knocking the air from her lungs with his power. But Kate wanted more, wanted him deeper inside her.

She struggled out from beneath Gage, turning to face him, briefly registering the look of surprise on his face.

"Kate...what...?"

"Down." She was panting as she pointed to the wet shower floor. "On your back."

Before he could speak, she pulled him down, pushing him onto his back. She straddled his hips, grabbing the thick shaft of his cock, guiding it into her waiting p**sy. Settling her weight fully on Gage, she held him there a moment, relishing the feeling of him totally inside her, as far as she could take him.

Gage was looking up at her, a wild, savage hunger flickering in his eyes. He held her h*ps lightly, letting her set the pace, letting her take control.

And the pace she set was hard and fast. She rose up, then slammed her body down on him, crying out at the feeling of the full length of his c*ck buried inside her, sending shock waves through her body.

"Oh, god, Gage...your c*ck feels so...so good." Kate planted her hands on either side of his chest and rode him hard, reveling in the electricity that soared through her body as she rode him like a wild stallion, the absolute ecstasy she felt coursing through her veins, pushing her on.

Kate was breathing hard, the sensations in her body spiraling upward. She ground her h*ps down on Gage, sliding back and forth, her cl*t rubbing against him. Each touch, each movement made her cry out. She'd never been so aware of every nerve ending in her body.

When her orgasm broke, it took her away from the present. The shower walls faded to gray, the sounds of the water dimmed and all she was aware of was every cell in her body flooded with pleasure, her h*ps shuddering, her body almost bent double as her muscles tensed and contracted.

Finally Kate collapsed onto Gage, her chest heaving. She felt his arms wrap around her, hugging her to him as the warm water fell on her back.

* * *

Much later Kate woke. The city outside was in deep twilight, building lights visible through the suite's large windows. She stretched languorously, enjoying the feeling of the fine sheets against her nak*d skin, the dusky light of the room making her feel safe and cocooned in warmth.

"You look beautiful in my bed, Kate. It's something I could get used to, that's for sure."

Gage's voice startled her. He was propped up on one elbow, watching her, his eyes reflecting the soft light of the room. She turned to him, running her fingers over his cheek.

"I like being in your bed." She kissed his lips.

After their heated encounter in the shower, Gage had taken her to bed, slowly and carefully making love to her, bringing her to another earth shattering orgasm as he cried out with the force of his own cli**x. They'd curled together, falling asleep as the day faded to dusk.

"Are you ready to talk about us?"

She could see the concern and worry etched on Gage's face. She pulled away from his arms, propping herself up on her elbow. She took a deep breath.

"Yes, I am." Her heart was telling her this was where she should be, with Gage, always. And for once, her mind agreed. She smiled.

"It was hard on tour, Gage. But it wasn't fair for me to judge you based on what I saw of you on tour. That was you, the rockstar Gage Stevens, in large neon lights." She touched his chest with her finger, her voice dropping to a whisper.

"This is you, just Gage, nak*d and here and vulnerable. The Gage I fell in love with years ago. The Gage I still love."

She watched Gage's face, saw a tentative look of hope spread across his features.

"Are you saying you're willing to give this a try, Kate? To give us a try, again?"

"Yes, Gage. I am. Not in the spotlight of the tour, but here, in New York, as two regular normal people living their life."

There was a brief hesitation and then Gage pulled her against his chest, burying his face in her hair. After a moment she realized he was crying, softly and silently, his head cradled on her shoulder. She held him a long, long time, rocking him, stroking his hair.

Finally he raised his head. "I love you, Kate."

He kissed her forehead, her cheeks, her lips, lingering there for a moment.

"I love you too, Gage."

***

Gage fell into a deep sleep, cradling Kate against his body. Before sleep overtook him, he played back the conversation they'd had, whispering in the dark, planning their future together.

And for the first time in a long time, he'd cried in front of someone. He'd been so happy when she'd said she wanted a future with him, that he thought his heart would burst. The last time he remembered crying was when Kate had left him, five years earlier. But those tears had been from heartbreak and anger, from loss and pain.

Tonight's tears had surprised him. But he wasn't ashamed to cry in front of Kate. She'd held him a long time and then they'd talked, honestly. Kate had told him every fear and insecurity she had, every experience on tour that had shaken her trust in him.

And he had listened, really listened. Everything she said made sense, when he looked at it from her point of view. Nothing on tour was reality; it was all show and glitz and over the top parties. And girls...groupies, at every venue, at every after party; their only thought to tempt, to lure, to be everything and anything the girlfriend or wife wasn't.

He told her honestly there wasn't much he could do about how his manager set up the dates, or arranged the parties, or who was invited. But he told her that he could change how he acted in those situations, now that he realized what her fears were.

They'd talked a long time, their sentences and words finally trailing away, replaced by kisses and touches, hands slowly exploring each other, slowly and softly taking each other once more into that place they shared where nothing else mattered.

***

"I need to get going, Gage." She leaned over, whispering in his ear. He raised up on his elbow, groggy, his face just visible in the dim light from the windows.

"Can't you stay till morning? I want to wake up with you." Gage wrapped his arms around Kate, pulling her against his chest.

"I wish I could but I have to be at work in a few hours. I want to get a start on the articles and I want to meet with Ursula again, show her what I've got." She pulled away, kissed his forehead and got out of bed.

"I'll call you later from the office," she called as she padded down the hall in search of her clothes. Coming back into the bedroom, she started pulling on her jeans and shirt, looking for her shoes. She glanced up at Gage.

"We can have dinner..." her voice trailed away.

Gage was lying back on the pillows, his arms crossed behind his head, the sheet trailing across his hips, far too sexy with his dark hair messy against the white pillows. She looked long and hard at his beautiful tanned body. Gage sifted slightly, his h*ps moving beneath the sheet, the outline of a not so subtle erection clearly visible beneath the linen.

"I want you to stay, Kate. Come back to bed; let me make love to you again. Come on baby, one more time." His voice was husky, full of sensual promise. As he sat up, the sheet pooled in his lap, revealing his c*ck in all its glory.

As if drawn by a magnet, Kate climbed over the end of the bed, meeting Gage in the middle, pulling her shirt over her head and tossing it to the floor. His fingers were already at the front of her jeans, pulling them down her legs. With one swift movement, he tipped her on her back, sliding her jeans over her feet.

"You're not wearing any panties, Kate. Naughty girl." He looked down at her, his lips curved in that devilish smile that took her breath away.

"I couldn't find them." She ran her hand through his dark hair, tangling her fingers in the locks.

"I know where they are. But I'm not telling, unless you let me make love to you again." His smile broadened. "Consider them a hostage."

Then his mouth was on hers, his tongue probing, his hands caressing her br**sts. Somehow her bra had come off; she was laying nak*d beneath him.

And then he was inside her again, his hard c*ck sliding easily into her body, filling her completely, moving in an easy rhythm, the intense heated frenzy of their earlier sessions replaced by a slow sensuousness. Heat built slowly in Kate, her body relaxing beneath Gage, working together in a seamless melding of flesh.

Her orgasm wasn't accompanied by screams or moans of pleasure. She felt the pleasure in her body rising, building steadily as Gage made love to her, his body pressed against her in a comforting heat and weight. As she came, she arched against him in silent ecstasy, every nerve in her body alive, every muscle tensed, her hands clutching the sheets. From a distance she heard Gage exhale, his breath hot against her neck. And then she felt him come inside her, his body taut above her for a moment as his c*ck pulsed and throbbed insider her, his seed filling her with warmth.

They relaxed bit by bit, breathing heavily but still utterly silent. Finally Gage rolled beside her, pulling her body against his. She curled against him, inhaling his masculine scent and the scent of their sex. Closing her eyes, she let herself drift for a moment in the soft current of contentment that enveloped them.

"Only a minute Gage," she murmured. "I need to leave in a minute." And then she was asleep.

***

"Oh, shit!"

Jarred from a deep sleep by frantic movement on the bed and Kate's swearing, Gage sat up, groggy and confused.

"What's wrong?" He propped himself up on one elbow, watching as Kate scurried around the room, getting dressed, combing her hair with her fingers.

"I'm late! I really need a shower and a change of clothes, but there's no time to get all the way back to my apartment and still be on time. Ursula's going to kill me after she fires me." Kate was hopping on one foot, pulling on her jeans.

"Calm down, Kate." Gage sat up, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed. "Listen...hey, Kate!"

Kate finally stopped struggling with her clothes, looking over at him with panic in her eyes.

"What? You can't turn back time, Gage. I'm screwed here."

Gage stood, walking toward Kate. "So, listen to me." He took her by the shoulders, turning her to face him. She was panting, from exertion or hysteria, he wasn't sure.

"Calm down. Go take a shower and I'll call down to the concierge, get something brought up for you to wear. We're in the middle of New York, surely there's a women's clothing store nearby."

Kate looked up at him. "Really?"

"Yeah," he chuckled. "So go shower and I'll make sure you have something to wear before you're out." He started pulling at her shirt, tugging it over her head.

"Go on, I've got it, babe." He pushed her toward the bathroom while she continued to argue over her shoulder, eventually pulling the door closed behind her disjointed words. Gage pulled on his jeans as he made his way to the phone. Shopping right now actually seemed like a good idea; he'd left the tour with nothing except the clothes on his back. A fresh shirt or two and new jeans would be welcome.

Gage was laying on the bed, remote in hand, when Kate came out of the shower, her hair still damp, dressed in nothing but a towel. Glancing around the room she discovered bright colored shopping bags sitting on a chair.

"Take a look." Gage grinned, his eyes scanning her curvy legs and the way the towel hugged her hips.

"You're kidding. Even without the assistants, agents, managers and handlers and you still can get people to do whatever you ask." She giggled, shaking her head in disbelief.

"A name goes a long way," he replied, his lips curling up in a teasing smile.

"I bet it does," Kate laughed. She pulled the clothing from the bags, gushing over the black pencil skirt and the white silk chiffon top and a black and white boucle jacket, complete with a pair of carbon tights, and cherry stem boots.

"Wow!" She shook her head in amazement, her jaw dropping. "You're unbelievable," she gushed before disappearing into the bathroom only to return a few minutes later, dressed in her new clothes.

"Now it's my turn to say wow," Gage remarked approvingly. "You're so damn sexy, Kate." Gage pulled her in for a quick kiss, and she groaned against his lips before playfully pushing him away. "You're going to make me late again, aren't you?"

"I doubt that I'd be able to keep my hands off of you for much longer. You better get going," Gage replied with a grin.

"I'll call you from work, okay?" Kate reached up, kissing Gage quickly. "We can have dinner later."

The last Gage saw of her was her red hair, briefly catching a glint of sunlight as she walked by the large windows toward the front door of the suite and within minutes she was gone. He ordered breakfast, taking a quick shower while he waited for room service. While he ate, he played back everything that had happened with Kate since he'd found her in New York.

He'd definitely been set off balance by her almost aggressive attitude, although he thoroughly enjoyed her taking the lead, particularly in bed. Chewing a piece of toast, he thought that letting her set the pace really was the way to get her back and make her feel comfortable with the situation. As frustrating as it was for him to give up control, especially when it was something he wanted so desperately, he knew this was the right thing to do.

Gage fished his cellphone out of his pocket. He owed his manager a call. He flipped it open; there was a message from his manager from the day before. He leaned back in his chair, prepared to listen to another tirade about how irresponsible he'd been, or a lecture about not returning phone calls. But what he heard made his heart pound and his hands go cold.

"We've booked the gigs for the European leg of your tour, Gage. You'll be in Oberhausen, Germany, in six weeks, playing to a sold out venue. Call me when you get this. We need to talk, and soon. Stop blowing me off, Gage. This is important."

Gage clicked the phone shut. His mind was in turmoil. They'd briefly discussed a European tour but he didn't remember anything set in stone. Had he really been that self-involved, that caught up in Kate, to have missed that?

Flipping open the phone he punched in his manager's number. For the next hour, he listened as his future with Kate disappeared. There was no way she would agree to travel on tour with him to Europe. The schedule was impossible; they'd be on the road or in the air for weeks. Time alone together would be minimal. Plus there would be press, interviews on the radio, all kinds of distractions.

Gage's manager was insistent that this was happening, that it was necessary not to alienate the European market by not touring for the newest album. Gage tried to protest but it fell on deaf ears. When he finally got off the call, Gage's mind was numb.

He'd no more than set his phone on the table when it rang. It was Kate.

"Hey, babe. What's up? How's things with Ursula?"

There was silence on the other end.

"Kate? You there?"

"Yes, I'm here."

Gage frowned at the phone. "What's wrong? Is everything okay?"

"No, nothing's wrong at all, Gage. Nothing a little honesty wouldn't cure."

***

Kate slipped into her cubicle, breathing a sigh of relief that Ursula was nowhere to be seen. She pulled out her notes and recorder, finding her ear buds and setting up her laptop. Pulling up a blank document, she sat for a moment with her fingers on the keyboard, staring into space.

But as hard as she tried to think about her article, the only images that surfaced were those of Gage from the day-and night-before. And the images were very vivid. Kate felt her face flush at the memory of their passionate and fierce couplings, shaking her head at her own aggressiveness in practically attacking Gage in the shower.

She felt her lips curl into a smile as she replayed his hands on her body in the shower, his incredibly gentle and sensuous hands, caressing every inch of her body, the heady scent of the soap, the warmth of the water cascading over them. I'll have to buy a case of that soap, just for the future.

The future...Kate's heart skipped a beat. She and Gage had talked a long, long time about what they wanted from the future. She understood perfectly well he couldn't alter much of what went on around him. He was a star, a megastar, and with that came a certain loss of privacy, certain expectations. But Kate believed him when he said he would try to behave differently, not to fall under the spell of the endless groupies and hangers on that dogged every stop they made. And he promised there would be less hard partying.

"My fans want a piece of me. And they deserve all of me that I can give. But off stage, you deserve all of me, every minute I can give to you I will."

His words came back to her. She signed, focusing on the laptop screen. In her heart she knew his fans, who were the ones responsible for making him a star, would always be an ever-present force in their lives.

But she believed Gage when he said he would change. She'd told him she would make changes as well, to trust him. And most of all, to not be swayed from that trust by all she saw swirling around him.

"Know in my heart, Kate, it's you I'm always thinking of."

"Well, Kate Preston. Again, gracing us with your presence."

Kate caught her breath, spinning in her chair, facing Ursula, standing in the opening of her cubicle, arms folded across her chest, a tabloid magazine held in one hand. Deja vue all over again.

"What have you got for me?"

"Well, I was just starting on the first interview, looking through my notes for a tie in for the sidebar. I wanted to talk to you about the order of the interviews."

"Good. I wanted to talk to you too. The deadline for the series has moved up."

Kate's heart skipped a beat. Great, less time than before. But I can do this.

"Gage Stevens is scheduled to start the European leg of his tour in six weeks. I want our magazine to have all of this out there before that leg of the tour, otherwise we lose our edge. We're moving up the date to the next issue." She flipped open the tabloid she was holding. Kate looked in disbelief. There was Gage's smiling face, with the headline announcing the tour. The caption below read 'Been planning this a long time. Can't wait to see all my fans in Europe!'

Ursula looked at her, a slight scowl on her face.

"I need you to be honest with me, Kate. If you can't do this, tell me now."

Kate looked at Ursula, her blood suddenly running cold. Gage had never mentioned any European leg of the tour. In all their time together, nothing had been said, not even the day before. Not even during their long whispered talk in the dark, the talk about their future.

"I didn't realize there was a European leg. Of course, I'll be able to get you the articles well before that date." Kate's face felt numb. She tried to force a smile on her lips

"They announced the European tour dates yesterday." Ursula gave Kate an unreadable look. "I'm disappointed that you didn't learn this on the tour, Kate. Gage should have known. I would have thought you would have been told all about it."

Kate had no answer. She didn't understand how this could have happened. And yes, Ursula was right; if this tour was in the works during the US tour, she should have heard about it. Had she been so distracted by Gage she'd failed to pick up on that bit of information? What if all my interviews and notes are just a bunch of crap? Was I that out of it the whole time?

Ursula was talking again, apparently repeating something Kate missed. "I said, are you sure the new deadline is something you can manage?"

Kate straightened in her chair, meeting Ursula's eyes. "Yes, Ursula, no problem. My calendar is completely clear."

As soon as Ursula was back in her office, Kate headed for the bathroom. She hid for a long time, emotions in turmoil, trying to make sense of what she'd just learned. Gage knew and hadn't told her. It all came down to that one thought. He knew. He hadn't changed. He was still only thinking about himself, his own life, not how it impacted hers.

With her stomach in knots she sat back at her desk. She took out her cellphone, looking at it a long time before finally punching in Gage's number. He answered almost immediately.

"What's wrong? Is everything okay?"

"No, nothing's wrong at all, Gage. Nothing a little honesty wouldn't cure."

"What are you talking about? Kate, what's wrong?"

Kate wanted to scream at him, but she took a deep breath. "Gage, we need to talk. Now. I'm on my way to the hotel."

She hung up, cutting Gage off in mid-sentence. She stared at her laptop screen, the blank white document mocking her. As much as she knew she needed to start, her mind was too scattered to form any coherent thoughts. Getting to the bottom of this with Gage was more important.

Jamming everything into her bag, including the tabloid Ursula had left, with Gage's face splashed across the front page, she slipped out of her cubicle and took the elevator to the lobby. She managed to find a cab and rode to the W Hotel in a state of shock. Pushing through the lobby door, she found Gage pacing, obviously waiting for her. When he saw her, he strode over, reaching for her. She backed away. Gage stopped, looking confused.

"What's wrong, Kate? What's happened?" He moved closer, his face creased with a frown.

As she was about to answer Gage, a scream from across the lobby made both of them jump. She turned to see a gaggle of teenage girls scurrying across the lobby, calling Gage's name, waving pens and papers. Before either of them could react, they were surrounded, the girls pushing between her and Gage.

Kate took a step back, watching as Gage turned on the charm, asking each girl her name and signing their assorted belongings. To her horror, one of the girls pulled her shirt down, asked Gage to sign her breast, saying she was going to get his name tattooed on her. Gage deflected the girl, instead signing her forearm. The girls then produced cameras and cellphones, asking for pictures. Gage stood briefly, arms around the shoulders of two girls. And then he moved away from the girls, thanking them and almost dragging Kate by the arm toward the elevators. Kate heard snickering behind her and glanced back to see the group whispering and pointing.

"Forget them, Kate. They're teenage girls; they're going to hate you no matter who you are. You're not 'Kate Preston' to them; you're the girl they're not." He pushed the elevator call button several times, shifting restlessly as they waited for the car.

It wasn't until they were behind the closed door of his suite that he finally spoke.

"Okay, Kate. What is it? You cut me off on the phone, you're obviously upset. What's going on?" Gage sat on the arm of a chair, his face etched with concern.

"Is there something you want to tell me, Gage? About your future plans? Not 'our' future, but yours?"

Gage closed his eyes, running his hand through his hair. He was silent for a long moment. Then he looked up at Kate.

"Yeah, I heard about the European tour from my manager today. I swear, when you were here, I had no idea this was being set up."

"Gage, really? You expect me to believe that a multi-nation tour came together since the US tour ended? In just a few days? Even I know things don't move that fast."

Kate was breathing hard, anger suddenly flooding through her. "You knew this but you didn't tell me. You're just playing me to get what you want, to have it both ways. You want me but you want things to just keep going the way they have for you."

Gage stood. "That's unfair, Kate. It's not what I want. But I told you yesterday that there were things I could not control about my life. And this is one of them. I heard about this after you left. I swear."

Rooting in her bag, Kate pulled out the cheap paper, tossing it on the coffee table. Gage leaned down, picking up the paper. Kate saw the paper tremble in his hands as he sat down, as he looked at the photo and read the brief article. He finally looked up at her, anguish written across his face.

"Like I said, Kate, I didn't know about this. The quote..." he shook the paper "...was something my manager made up. I'm sure at some point in the past I said I'd like to see my European fans, but never in the context of going there next month." He sighed, tossing the paper back on the table. He rose, standing in front of Kate.

"Look, I know you're upset, but what do you want me to do? This is beyond my control now. We're going to have to make the best of it, to work through this. It's what I was talking about, how there are things I can't control. I can only control how I react to them."

"So, if you've known this since this morning, when were you planning on telling me?"

"Kate, as soon as I could. I'd just hung up from talking with my manager when you called. I hadn't even seen that tabloid, until you brought it here."

Gage reached for her but Kate moved away, walking to the floor to ceiling windows. She looked down, watching the traffic on Lexington Avenue far below. There was something nagging in the back of her mind, something that kept her from believing Gage completely.

She felt Gage's hands on her shoulders, the warmth of his body pressing against her. As angry as she was, she closed her eyes, leaning back against him. His lips brushed against the soft skin of her neck, sending an involuntary shiver through her body.

"Stop, Gage. Don't do this now." Her voice was husky, breathless. She didn't even believe her own words.

Gage's hands moved down her arms, his breath hot against her ear. She felt him gently pull her away from the window and she turned to face him. The look on his face said it all; he planned to seduce her, take her to bed and use their chemistry together to make her forget her anger. Well, not this time.

She pulled against his hands, jerking her arms away. "No, Gage. You're not going to f**k me out of this, this time. I'm serious."

Gage frowned, his eyes dark. She saw rising anger in his face, knew she'd hit a nerve.

"Is that what you think I'm doing? That's what I do when we make love? That I use sex to get my way?" He shook his head angrily. Kate turned away.

"Do you think that's all I want out of this relationship? You in my bed, f**king me, or sucking my cock?" He reached for her again, spinning her around to face him, his fingers digging into her arm.

"Don't walk away from me, Kate. Not now. You know there's more to this than you're willing to admit. Something else is bothering you besides the new tour. I know you're upset, but you need to talk to me."

"Let go of my arm, Gage." Kate's voice was low. Gage let go reluctantly, taking a step back. "You're not going to control this situation. And yes, there are a lot of things bothering me. The tour, you're flirting with girls in the hotel, your facade of pretending to listen to me so that I'll be lulled into thinking you've actually changed."

Kate's words came out in a rush. "Nothing's changed, Gage. You only tolerated sitting through lunch with me at Sarabeth's. I was so caught up in being with you I forgot to pay attention to who you really are. You fidgeted the whole time. You weren't really interested in what I had to say. You were just biding your time until I stopped talking so you could make your move." She made a sound of disgust.

"But I fell right into that. I made all the moves and you just sat back and lapped it all up."

"Kate, you can't really believe that, can you?" He moved to take her in his arms but in a flash, Kate slapped Gage's face.

Her hand flew to her mouth. "Don't touch me!" Kate backed up, bumping against the arm of the couch. She could feel heat rising in her face, her heart pounding in her chest. Her mind was screaming she should leave; this wasn't doing either of them any good. But her body was screaming for Gage, and before she could stop herself, she flung herself against him, her arms around his neck, pulling his face to hers, her mouth pressed against his. She felt him resist, but only briefly before he wrapped his arms around her, his hands spread across her back.

He broke away from their fiery kiss, his breath ragged in his throat. "Kate, what is this? You're all over the place. I love you. What more do you want?"

Kate was breathing hard, emotions and sensations and arousal spiraling through her body. "Gage, I know. I love you too, but is that enough?" She looked up at him, searching his face. Rather than answer, he claimed her mouth again, his hands cupping her ass.

She felt his fingers clutching at her, his tongue probing her mouth. A brief flash of anger flared through Kate at his silence, and she bit Gage's lip. He jerked back, his eyes dark, not with anger, but with pure primal lust.

In one swift motion, he pushed Kate back onto the couch, falling on top of her. She pushed at him, pummeling his chest with her fists, but he pinned her down easily with his weight. But then her fists unclenched and her impatient fingers were working the buttons of his shirt, pulling at it, finally yanking the fabric with both hands, several buttons popping off.

He bent his head to her mouth, hesitating briefly. "No more biting," he growled, before bruising her lips against his, forcing his tongue into her mouth, greedily plundering every soft recess.

Gage was grinding his h*ps hard against hers, the tight material of her jeans rubbing between her legs, setting her afire. She could feel the bulge of his erection, the heat of him through his jeans. Her hands moved to the snap and zipper, finally getting them undone. Gage pushed his jeans down his hips, his erection brushing against Kate's fingers.

His hands seemed to be everywhere on her, pulling her shirt open, clutching her br**sts, raising her h*ps so she could slide her pants off. As soon as she was free of her jeans, she wrapped her legs around Gage's waist, twisting her h*ps against his cock.

Instantly he was inside her, pushing hard, his h*ps thrusting quickly in short strokes. Kate gasped, rocking her h*ps up to meet him. He slammed into her, his head buried on her shoulder, breathing heavily, grunting with each thrust.

The force of his thrusts was knocking the breath out of Kate, but the intensity and pure animal lust was doing mad things to her body. She raked her fingers across Gage's back, digging them in as he thrust into her, hearing him cry out in pain. But it only seemed to fuel the fire between them.

Their bodies were slick with sweat, their hearts pounding, as Gage drove them on with his relentless pace. Kate lost all sense of time and place, the only thing in her focus the intense arousal building in her body, the point of contact with Gage, his body against hers, thrusting into her over and over.

And then she screamed, her body arching up beneath Gage as her orgasm broke. She thrashed her head from side to side, curling against Gage, biting down on his shoulder as wave after wave washed over her body.

Suddenly Gage thrust himself deep inside Kate, holding himself taut and tense above her. She looked up, watching his face as he came, the look indescribable, pain and pleasure mixed. He cried out, loudly, his body shuddering in release as he pumped his hot liquid into her. She felt the delicious wet heat of him as he filled her. It made her cry out, a second small orgasm passing through her.

They lay in a tangled heap on the couch for a long time, hearts pounding, breathing hard, Gage's head buried in her shoulder, her hands roaming idly over his back. After a time he propped himself up on one elbow.

"What you do to me, Kate. What we do to each other." He kissed her softly.

Suddenly he stood up, climbing off the couch. Kate watched him walk out of the room, reappearing with his cell phone.

"What are you doing?" She struggled to sit up as he sat next to her.

"What I should have done earlier, before this all happened." He waved his hand absently around the suite.

"I'm calling my manager. I'm cancelling the European tour."

***

Gage's heart was pounding as he waited for the call to go through. Kate was sitting next to him, a bewildered look on her face. Finally his manager answered.

The conversation went pretty much the way Gage expected. His manager yelled, screamed, threatened that turning down the tour would destroy Gage's career...the tirade Gage had anticipated. He listened to the man explain all that was at stake, the expenses involved, tickets would have to be refunded, legal issues would arise.

"Yeah, I know all that. And that's why I pay you, to handle this stuff. Look, artists cancel tours all the time; they get sick, they go to rehab, they flake out for some reason." Kate took his hand. He turned to her, a look of amazement on her beautiful face.

"My reason? My reason is my future and what really matters to me in the end."

He flipped the phone shut, tossing it on the table. Leaning back against the cushions, he ran his hands through his hair, tugging the long strands. Kate moved closer, curling up next to him, her head on his shoulder.

"Gage, I don't know what to say. It's a really big decision and well, you're sacrificing so much. I'm just not sure it's the best thing for you."

Reaching down, he tipped Kate's face to his. "It is. It's the right decision, and right now I feel better than I've felt in ages." Gage shifted on the couch.

"You do believe me, that I didn't know about this tour till today though, right?" Gage looked at Kate.

"Yes, I do. I'm sorry I doubted you. This whole thing has been so overwhelming, all the way back to the first interview. I'd never thought I'd see you again and then there you were, the rockstar Gage Stevens. And then the tour, and everything that happened." She took a breath.

"And then yesterday, thinking we were together. I guess hearing you'd be gone so soon was more than I could handle. I flipped out, I guess."

Gage stood, pulling Kate up to him. "Well, we're together now. I expect there will be more calls from my manager, from the band probably, and maybe some press wanting interviews." He kissed her forehead.

"But for now, it's just you and me. And I meant it, Kate. You're everything I want...need...you're my future." He bent to kiss her lips.

The cell phone rang. Gage reached down, flipping the phone open. He frowned, sent the call to voice mail and then turned the phone off. He dropped it back on the table.

"I'm sure there'll be messages from everyone. I'll deal with it all tomorrow. But for now, it's just us." Gage pulled Kate closer, her br**sts pressed against his chest. As he held her, he felt himself grow hard, the soft skin of her body hot against his cock. He rubbed himself slowly against her, sliding his hands down her back, cupping her ass in his hands.

"Oh, god, Kate. You make me so hot, just touching you turns me on." He moved one hand up to her breast, still covered by her bra. He looked down, watching his hand slide across the full globe, his thumb rubbing the nipple, seeing it grow hard at his touch. Kate shuddered beneath his hand, a sensation that turned him on every time it happened.

Kate was rubbing against him, her body calling to him. It didn't take him long to answer that call. Taking her by the hand, he led her to the bedroom, to the place where he felt they communicated the best. It might not be with words, but it made sense to Gage.

The next hour passed in sensual abandonment. Gage explored every inch of Kate's body with his tongue and hands, rediscovering her as she lay moaning beneath him. He finally focused on licking and sucking her cl*t until she was crying out, her body shaking with the force of her orgasm.

He'd turned her on her stomach, slowly sliding into her, the soft fullness of her ass pressing against his body as he thrust into her, nibbling on her ear, licking the curve of her neck, taking her on another ride, both of them finally peaking, bodies intertwined in passion, in love.

Gage held her for a long time, dozing off, cradling her body in his arms. He was jolted awake as she pulled away from him.

"Oh, god, Gage. I've got to get back to work. Ursula is going to have my head." He watched as she ran out of the bedroom, heard her searching for her clothes in the other room. She came back in, dumping her clothes on the bed.

"I'm taking a shower and then leaving. And no, you're not buying me new clothes today." She smiled at him and then disappeared into the bathroom. He heard the shower start and the scent of the soap and shampoo drifted out. Laying back on the pillows he thought about what he'd done, what he and Kate would do next.

He was still musing over his decision when she came back into the bedroom, a towel wrapped around her head. He watched as she pulled on her panties and bra, caught her looking at him as she pulled the towel from her damp hair, the brilliant red deepened to dark auburn.

"What's so funny?" Kate was standing at the foot of the bed, looking lush and utterly gorgeous in her underwear, her tangled hair framing her face. She started drying her hair with the towel.

"Nothing's funny. Didn't know I was laughing. But..." he sat up in bed, resting his forearms on his knees "...I was thinking, we need to start looking for some place to live."

Kate stopped, the towel hanging limp in her hands.

"Oh. Well, yeah. I hadn't really thought about that." She dropped the towel, rummaging in her purse for a comb. "I guess we can't live at the W forever."

"We could, but I don't want to. I want a real apartment, not a hotel. It would seem like perpetual tour if we stayed here."

Kate scowled. "My apartment is about the size of a closet."

"I think we should look for a place, something big enough for us and with enough space." He swung his legs over the slide of the bed.

"I think, while you're at work, I'll make some calls, see what's available." He walked to the end of the bed, wrapping his arms around Kate. "How does that sound?"

"I think it sounds wonderful. As much as I adore the soap here, I'd rather have our own place." She kissed him quickly. "But I have to go. Really. Can you call me a car?"

Gage nodded, and let Kate go, slipping on his jeans and shirt, and called down to the concierge. Kate finished getting dressed and he rode in the elevator with her down to the lobby.

"Call me later, or come back here." Gage fished a key card out of his pocket. "Here, you can just let yourself in." He kissed her forehead, held the car door for her as she slid into the backseat.

He closed the door, watching her drive off down Lexington Avenue. Turning back to the hotel he started whistling softly. A song was bubbling up inside of him, something soft and quiet, full of hope and passion. He wondered if there was paper and pens in the desk in his room.

***

Kate sat at her desk, the first interview of the series almost halfway done and the sidebar article well underway. She'd had a burst of creative energy after she'd left Gage at the W. It seemed like everything in her brain worked, the words were there, her notes giving her the background to show the reader exactly what it was like to be at the concert, the sights, the sounds, what it felt like to be in the audience while Gage Stevens sang his heart out for them.

Ursula had asked to see her at the end of the day. Kate had emailed her the first draft of the article and the interview, along with the schedule of interviews and sidebars. She felt more than ready to meet with Ursula, felt she was really on the right track.

Glancing at the clock, she printed extra copies of the stories for making notes, gathered her notebook and digital recorder and headed to Ursula's office. The door was closed and she knocked, hearing a muffled 'enter'.

Balancing her stack of papers, she pushed the door open. Ursula was behind her desk, scanning an open document on her laptop, her reading glasses perched on the end of her nose. Kate recognized it as the draft of her interview. Ursula spoke over her shoulder as Kate slid into a chair.

"Kate, I'm just going over this interview and sidebar article. They're good, for a first draft. But there's something missing, they're falling a bit flat in my opinion."

Ursula turned to Kate, taking off her glasses. She tapped the stem on her desk. "I want something else in these stories, more...balance, maybe, or more realism. You're painting Gage Stevens in such a way that he's one-dimensional. And while our readers will eat up anything with Gage's name on it, I want to give them more, something unexpected."

Kate frowned. "More? I have interviews with everyone involved in the tour, from the roadies up to Gage's manager, and with Gage himself, of course. I can't think of anyone I haven't interviewed."

"That's not what I mean. What I'm talking about is the other side of Gage Stevens, the personal side." Ursula leaned forward, her elbows on the desk.

"I want your side of the story, Kate. I want to know what happened after the lights went down, after the roadies cleared the stage. After the after-party." Ursula smiled, but it held no warmth. She looks like a piranha and I'm lunch.

"You want me to divulge personal details?" Kate felt the blood drain from her face. How much did Ursula know?

"Kate, don't play coy. We both know you have a relationship of some kind with Gage Stevens. It's obvious, it was the reason you were given this assignment. I thought you understood; we're looking for a side of Gage Stevens that hasn't been exposed before, the side that he might not want known.

"And you, my dear, are in the perfect position to write those articles. You know Gage better than anyone. You're the person to write these articles the way I...the way this company needs them to be written. The way the fans want to read them."

"But that's not what I want...I don't want to focus on Gage's personal life. I thought the idea was to focus on the concert and tour experience, for those who didn't get to be there, to know what it's like to watch Gage perform."

"Don't be naive, Kate. Any press is good press, even bad press. It'll send sales of his music through the roof. Stuff like that always does."

Ursula came around her desk, perching on the edge. She leaned down, looking at Kate.

"Do you think you can re-write these? Write them the way I want?"

"I'm not writing a tell-all expose on Gage's personal life, if that's what you're asking."

Ursula looked at Kate for a long moment. She sighed, stood and moved the few steps to the door, her hand on the door knob. She looked back at Kate.

"Well, in that case, I believe your relationship with this magazine is over. Please feel free to clean out your desk. Someone will contact you about your last paycheck."

Kate stood, shock taking over, leaving her speechless. Without a word she walked on numb legs as Ursula held the door open. She heard the snick of the latch behind her as she walked to her cubicle.

Sinking into her desk chair, Kate rummaged through her desk. There weren't many personal items; a photo of her parents and a paperback book she'd never read. She jammed them into her purse, picked up her laptop and grabbed the cables and cords that were tangled beneath the desk. All of it she crammed into her bag, slinging it over her shoulder, heading for the lobby and the sidewalk beyond.

All she really wanted now was Gage. They had their future but it no longer included her job at the magazine. It brought her to a dead stop on the sidewalk. She was unemployed, with an apartment lease. What would Gage think?

A cab pulled to the curb and she gave the driver the address of the W. She tried not to think about what she'd done, but instead she focused on the future, on being with Gage. Anything else was just too hard to handle.

***

Gage was happy, truly happy, for the first time in days, maybe longer. He'd spent the time after Kate left calling real estate agencies, checking on apartments. There were quite a few he thought Kate would like, ones that included office space, had great views and had space that could be made into a music studio.

He was just ending a phone call with Rachel, the agent with the most promising listings, when he heard the door to the suite open and saw Kate in the doorway. Frowning, he glanced at his watch.

"Hey, babe. It's early...you're here early."

Kate dumped her bags in a chair without speaking. He took one look at her face and quickly walked across the room, folding her into his arms. Her body shook with sobs as he sat her down on the couch.

"What is it? What happened?" Gage stroked her hair, rocking her against his body.

Eventually she lifted her head, turning her tear-stained face up to him.

"Ursula let me go. I was fired."

"Fired? What the hell for?"

"She wanted me to write personal things, negative things, about what happened on the tour. I told her I wouldn't do that. And so she said I was done, I wasn't writing for the magazine anymore."

"What kind of details? About us?" Gage was shocked. Not that he cared that people knew he was with Kate, but it crossed a line. Tabloids had published all kinds of stories about him with starlets, models, actresses and he'd never really paid much attention, or really cared.

But with Kate it was different. She wasn't a personality; she was just a girl, his girl. He hadn't cared about the other women he was linked with; they had press agents and managers and being seen with him only made them shine in the spotlight, even if briefly.

"It's okay, baby. It's not going to matter. I know it feels like crap now, but it gives us time to be together now, all the time in the world." He sat up, scooping up his cell phone.

"Here...look." He held the phone, scrolling through a series of photos Rachel had sent him. "Some of these are really great...office space, studio space...enough room to have some friends over, nice sized bedrooms."

Kate took the phone, looking at the different images. She pointed out a few places she liked and he made a few mental notes. Soon she was smiling, talking about paint colors and wallpaper. Gage smiled to himself. Paint and paper...and Kate's happy.

"Are you hungry? Let's get room service for a late lunch, spend the night in and relax. I think we both deserve it, right? You want anything special? Or should I just order for us?"

Kate nodded, mumbling something under her breath, still absorbed in the images on the phone. He rose, smiling at her distracted reply, as he picked up the hotel phone, punching in the number for room service. There were enough choices he was pretty sure he'd find something she liked. After he'd ordered, he walked behind Kate, leaning on the back of the couch, his hands on her shoulders. Closing his eyes, he buried his nose in her hair, inhaling the scent of shampoo and beneath that, the scent of Kate, a scent he would never grow tired of.

Kate held up the phone, pointing to one of the images.

"Do you think some of these are kind of big? What are leases like on these?" She was frowning, twisting around to look at him.

"Kate. It's okay. I have enough to take care of us, many times over." He leaned down and kissed her.

"This is probably going to be one of those things that's going to take time for you to get used to, but don't worry about the financial stuff, okay? It'll be fine. Trust me." He kissed her again, softly and gently, his hand resting on her cheek.

Kate dropped the phone on the couch cushion, turning to face Gage, rising up on her knees on the couch, wrapping her arms around his neck. He deepened the kiss, his tongue probing her lips, seeking entrance to her warm mouth.

He felt her part her lips, almost sighing as she did. Her br**sts were pressed against his chest, lush and full and soft. Sliding his hands up her sides, he cupped her br**sts, the weight of them filling his hands. He knew she was insecure about her weight at times, but there was nothing more comforting, or so very arousing, as Kate's br**sts. I'll have to remember to tell her that sometime...

Kate was arching against him, swaying seductively as he caressed her br**sts, his fingers finding her n**ples through layers of clothes. He rubbed his palm over her breast, feeling her shiver beneath his touch. And, like clockwork, he felt his c*ck twitch, the beginnings of an erection making him grunt softly against Kate's mouth.

He felt her smile beneath his lips, her hands moving down over his body, cupping his growing erection with one hand. Rocking his hips, he rubbed himself against her hand. Breaking away with a gasp, he buried his face in her neck, her hair a swath of silk against his skin.

"Oh, babe..." he whispered in her ear. "What I could do to you right now."

"Nothing's holding you back, Gage." She squeezed him, making her moan against her neck.

The knock at the door made Gage smile. "Perfect timing." He pulled away from Kate, kissing her quickly.

Room service wheeled in a cart laden with covered dishes and several bottles of wine. Gage signed the check while the man arranged the dishes and platters on the table, putting the wine in iced buckets. Gage tipped him, sliding the do not disturb sign on the door before closing it.

Kate was already picking through the dishes, filling a small plate.

"I'm starving. I didn't realize how hungry I was until I saw this food." She was eating a strawberry. "You did good, Gage. All my favorites are here. They even have that dip for the fruit I love." Standing on tiptoe, she kissed him. He licked his lips, tasting strawberries and Kate and the tart sweetness of both.

Gage poured them each a glass of wine and the sat on the couch, nibbling on crackers and cheese, fruits and cookies. Kate finally put her plate on the table and sat back.

"Wow. That was amazing." She turned to Gage. "Thanks. I don't remember when I last sat down to eat. You take good care of me."

"Well, it's good to see you relaxed for a change. It's been pretty hectic here for the last few days. We need some down time." He got off the couch, heading to the bedroom.

"Hey, listen!" he called back over his shoulder. "I started a song today." He returned with his guitar and a notepad.

"Where'd you get the guitar?" Kate curled her legs beneath her on the couch. Gage sat down on the other end, cradling the guitar on his lap.

"I called my manager back when I got here and asked to have my stuff shipped. It finally arrived today. Most of it was just dirty clothes and crap; I rarely take anything special on tour, just in case. But I really wanted my guitar." He strummed it lightly.

For the next few minutes, Gage sang for Kate. He realized he'd never done that before, just sang for one person. When he was finished he looked up, feeling a little nervous and shy. I haven't been nervous in front of anyone in years.

"Gage, it's beautiful." Kate's eyes were shining. "It's so hopeful and romantic."

"I thought of you while I was writing it. It came to me this morning, after you left. And it pretty much wrote itself after that."

Kate leaned across the space between them, kissing him lightly. "I love it. And I love you."

Gage leaned the guitar against the couch, pulling Kate onto his lap. "I love you too, even if you're unemployed." He ducked as she swatted at his head, grabbing her wrist.

She relaxed instantly and he kissed her fingers, slowly, one at a time, finally drawing her index finger slowly into his mouth. He kept his eyes locked on hers as he sucked it gently, tasting salt from the crackers, the sweetness from the fruit.

Gage leaned forward, pulling Kate toward him, kissing her lips, sliding his tongue into her mouth. Kate wound her arms around his neck, pulling him down on top of her.

They spent the rest of the afternoon slowly undressing each other, moving from couch to chair to bed and back to couch, touching, kissing each other, licking and sucking br**sts and cock. Gage fed Kate strawberries, finding the fruit dip and coating her n**ples, licking the sweet sticky liquid from her br**sts.

As the afternoon slid to evening, Gage lit candles in the bedroom and they ate again, sitting cross-legged in the big bed, feeding each other, drinking wine, finally dumping all the dishes on the floor as Gage tipped Kate back on to the rumpled linens, settling himself between her legs.

The soft candlelight made Kate's skin look like gold, her hair reflecting copper in the flickering light.

"You are so beautiful, Kate. Never forget that. I love you so much. I can't imagine being anywhere else than where you are." He kissed her softly, the taste of wine on her lips.

"I love you, Kate. Always and forever."

And then again, Gage made love to Kate, the city lights outside the windows like bright fireflies in the night.

***

The sound of the alarm woke Kate. She sat up groggily, scrambling to quickly turn it off and then realized Gage wasn't in bed with her. She could hear the sound of the shower and Gage's singing. I didn't know he sang in the shower.

She padded into the open bathroom, watching from the door as Gage stood beneath the shower jets, water and soap bubbles streaming down his body. And as usual, she caught her breath. The sight of his broad chest, flat stomach, long legs...every time she saw him it was like the first time all over again. A shiver of feverish arousal flashed through her body, sending goose bumps down her arms. I will never get tired of seeing this.

Gage looked over at her, his face lighting up in a smile. "Hey, you. Sorry about the alarm; I forgot to turn it off last night." He ducked his head under the water, rinsing the soap from his arms and chest.

"Come on, join me. We've got time for a quick shower together." He held out his hand and Kate joined him beneath the hot water. The gentle rainfall they'd enjoyed the last time was gone; this water was pounding, invigorating, massaging her back and shoulders.

"What's the hurry? Why the alarm?" Gage had turned her around, working shampoo through her hair.

"We have an appointment later to see a couple of apartments. I wanted to be up early, get some coffee and breakfast, if you want, and meet Rachel at the first place. I couldn't sleep but I didn't mean for you to get up yet."

He used the hand-held shower head to rinse her hair, the shampoo bubbles pooling at her feet before disappearing down the drain.

"You know, Gage, I could really get used to having my hair washed by you every day. You have a real talent for this." The water stopped streaming over her face and she turned to face him.

"I could get used to doing this every day." He turned her around, pushing her hair back from her face. Grabbing the soap, he lathered his hands.

"We'll have to make sure that our apartment has a really big shower." His hands were sweeping over her body, the scent of the soap enveloping her as his fingers did magic things to her body.

Kate reached out, stroking Gage's cock. He quickly grew hard in her grip, as he slid one hand moving between her legs, the other pulling her close, moving down to cup her ass. He heard surrender in her breathless moan.

"Oh, Kate... you know I can't control myself when I'm around you." He caught her lips in a full kiss, his mouth demanding her full attention. His fingers began stroking her, sliding over her hardened clit, working further between her thighs.

Gage began rocking his h*ps forward, slowly thrusting against her. Soon they were moaning against each other, lips sliding over hot, wet skin, his fist wrapped around the wet strands of her red hair as he held her mouth against his, forcing her to breath through him, claiming her lips with savage need. Her soapy hand clutched Gage's thick cock, working a lather as she moved up and down the full length of his slick shaft. His body grew tense and his breath quickened. Suddenly, Gage tore himself away from Kate's mouth and hand, spinning her around, pushing her against the shower wall. She put her hands on the tile wall as Gage held her against his chest, his c*ck sliding between her legs, seeking entrance. She spread her legs, arching her back and then he thrust home, gasping against her shoulder, his teeth grazing the soft skin of her shoulder.

It was brief and fast, Gage's thrusts seeming to reach all the way to her chest, her breath coming in short gasps. She relaxed back against him, letting him support her as he pumped his h*ps forward, his c*ck filling her completely.

When he came, he called out her name, his lips on her ear. Kate's orgasm washed over her then, a wave of intense sensation that made her dizzy and weak. She felt Gage's hands holding her as she fell back against him. Gage was laughing as she straightened.

"What's so funny?" Kate looked up at Gage.

"Us. Put us in the shower and it pretty much results in this..." Gage spread his hands out. She looked down at his cock, still semi-hard, still long and thick.

She smiled. "Oh, yeah. I guess. Sorry." She moved to kiss him, but he put his hands on her shoulders, spinning her back beneath the pounding water.

***

They grabbed a quick breakfast in one of the hotel restaurants. Gage had reserved a table near the back and they ate without being interrupted by fans. He'd been conscious of how she stiffened every time a group had called out his name, or asked for autographs. He knew she was trying to get accustomed to the attention but he looked for as many ways as possible now to avoid his fans, at least for the time being.

The hotel provided a car for them and Gage drove them to the first apartment he'd arranged for them to see. Their agent, Rachel, was waiting on the sidewalk outside. She was a tall, slim brunette with a no-nonsense attitude. She took them through the lobby of the building, ushered them into the elevator and whisked them to the very top floor.

"This is it, Mr. Stevens." She unlocked a door, opening it and stepping aside. Gage ushered Kate into the apartment.

"Oh, Gage. Look at the view!" Kate went directly to the floor to ceiling windows overlooking Central Park.

"Thanks, Rachel. I'll let you know if we need anything." Rachel discretely faded into the background as Gage walked over to Kate.

"There's more to the apartment than just the view, you know. There's other rooms, in fact, several of them." He put his hands on her shoulders, turning her down a hallway that ran to their left. As they walked Gage pushed open the various doors.

"Okay. Guest bath...not big enough for our showering purposes." Kate giggled as the tour continued.

"Guest bedroom, office for you...same great view, you'll notice. Okay. My studio, nice space, nice views as well...I can have it soundproofed if I need to."

They were at the end of the hall. Gage opened the last door, allowing Kate to step through.

"And, the master bedroom. With walk-in closets...two of them...an en-suite bath with a big enough shower for two." He turned with a smile, looking at Kate.

"What do you think? There's also a kitchen somewhere and a living room, dining room and some kind of utility thing with a washer and dryer."

"This is amazing, Gage." She was going through the closets as he came up behind her, placing his hands on her hips. He nuzzled her neck, pulling him back against him.

"You like?" He whispered in her ear.

"Yes, I like." She pushed at his hands as he slid them up her sides, cupping her br**sts. "Gage, stop. Rachel's just outside. What if she comes to find us?"

"Then she'll get quite an eyeful. And I'll double her commission." Gage turned Kate around, pulling her toward the bed. She hesitated, pulling back, but Gage held on to her hand.

"Come on, you know you want to."

He pulled her down with him on the bed, moving over her body with his, kissing her lips, trailing his down her neck, working to undo the top button of her shirt. He started kissing the exposed tops of her br**sts, licking between them. She was squirming beneath him, trying to wiggle out from beneath him. All she was doing was making him want her more, the friction of her body rubbing against his making him hot, making his c*ck twitch in anticipation.

"Gage! Stop!" Kate's frantic whispers made him smile.

"Why? What's so bad about making love? You love me, right? I love you, right? So, okay. Let me show you how much." He lifted his head, kissing her hard, cutting off her protests.

Gage slid his hands up Kate's bare legs. She picked a great day to finally wear a skirt. She'd told him she'd wanted to look presentable for the real estate agent. With gentle pressure, he spread her legs, working his fingers beneath the edge of her panties, feeling how hot and wet she was. He lifted his head, looking up at her. She was looking at the open bedroom door, not at him. With one finger he turned her face so she was looking at him.

"Kate...you're a naughty girl. Do you know how wet you are? I think the idea of getting caught is a big turn on for you."

"Gage, no, we can't...this is someone else's bed." She was shaking her head, but Gage could see the flush of arousal rising in her cheeks.

"Kate, stop talking and let me f**k you. Okay? The longer you protest the more likely we're going to get caught." Gage silenced her again with another kiss.

This time he felt her hands working at the snap and zipper of his jeans, his hard c*ck pushing against the material. He reached down, pushing his jeans over his hips, moving himself over Kate. Gage hooked his fingers into the elastic of her panties, sliding them down her legs. As soon as she was free of them, she spread her legs beneath him, her skirt sliding up her hips.

Gage looked down at Kate. Her eyes were flitting to the open door behind him, nervously biting her lip.

"You look sexy as hell when you do that." Gage reached up, stroking her lips.

"Do what? Oh, yeah. Um...Gage...hurry or she's going to catch us." Kate glanced over his shoulder again.

Gage propped himself on one elbow, looking down at Kate. She looked up at him in alarm.

"Gage!" she whispered fiercely. "What has gotten into you?" She struggled beneath him, trying to pull her skirt down.

"Oh, I forgot. There's something I've been meaning to tell you." Gage reached into the pocket of his shirt, pulling out a shiny silver key.

Kate looked up at him, a puzzled frown on her face. "What? A key...for...what?"

He cocked an eyebrow at her, glancing around the room. "For here. I bought it yesterday. For us."

Kate was completely still beneath him, her eyes wide. "You bought this apartment yesterday? When?"

"I was just finishing up with Rachel when you came in. A minute earlier and you'd have walked in on me faxing back the signed papers." He kissed her briefly, but she didn't return his kiss.

"So, now, can we finish what we started here? Rachel is long gone. She just met us here so she could hand over the keys."

Kate was still staring at him. For a brief instant, panic took hold of Gage. She hates it. Oh, god, what have I done.

Then, with a squeal, she threw her arms around his neck, pulling him to her. He rolled over with her, and they came to rest with her sitting on top of him, straddling his hips. Gage rested his hands on her thighs, looking up at her face. Her long hair swung forward, covering her radiant smile for a moment. She flipped it back, resting her hands on his shoulders.

"Gage Stevens, you never cease to amaze me. You bought this place? Really?" She looked around the room. "But it's got furniture."

"Yeah, it comes semi-furnished. Couch, beds, table, and a few chairs. But we can buy everything that we need together, replace the stuff we don't like, find all the things that will make it ours. Right now it's a big white box with a great view."

"Oh, but I love it, Gage. It's perfect." Kate leaned down, kissing him hard. "And I love you."

Gage slid his hands up her thighs, beneath the edge of her skirt. "So, now can we make love?" He smiled up at Kate, drinking in her happiness.

Kate began undoing the final buttons on her shirt, pulling it open, revealing her full luscious br**sts covered in a filmy black bra Gage was particularly fond of. He reached out, rubbing his thumbs across her n**ples, watching them grow hard, poking against the thin material.

Kate was straddling his hips, his c*ck pressed against the soft flesh of her inner thigh. He wiggled his legs, kicking off his jeans as Kate undid the buttons on his shirt. Gage sat up briefly as she pulled it free of his arms.

All that was left was Kate's skirt, bunched up around her hips. She started pulling on the zipper, trying to work it over her hips. He put his hands over hers.

"Leave it." His voice was husky. "I like it."

"Oh?" Kate leaned down, her br**sts brushing Gage's chest. Her voice was low. "You like it, do you? You just want to pull my skirt up and f**k me?" Her words teased him, her lips grazing his ear as she rubbed against him playfully on his lap.

"Mmm, yeah."

Kate giggled, reaching down between her legs to grab Gage's cock. He was incredibly hard, the contact with Kate's soft flesh driving him wild. Kate looked down at him, her green eyes flashing. She licked the flat of her hand, sliding it slowly over his aching groin.

"You like it when I touch you, Gage? You like watching me while I play with your cock? Do you?"

Kate reached down, running her fingers over Gage's chest, finding a hard nipple and tweaking it roughly. Gage gasped, his hands clutching Kate's hips.

"Yeah, babe....oh, yeah." Gage breathed out the words, his eyes never leaving Kate's hands, watching every move she made as she stroked his cock, now holding him with both hands. He could see the head disappearing between her hands as she pulled and worked his shaft, twisting her hands, sliding them up and down, moving faster.

"Your c*ck is so big, Gage, so thick." Kate licked her lips, her voice a husky whisper. "I love it when you stick this big c*ck inside me, when you f**k me with it. Does this c*ck belong to me, Gage? Is it all mine now? To do with how I please?"

Gage nodded. His fingers were digging into Kate's skin, leaving imprints. He wanted her now, he wanted to do just what she was saying, to take her right then. But he held himself still, letting her talk, letting her tease him.

"My p**sy is so hot for you, Gage. For this big, hard cock. I want you to f**k me with it. Do you want that, baby? To f**k me?" Kate was rocking back and forth now, rubbing Gage's c*ck against her body. He could feel the softness of her p**sy, the slick wetness as she pressed him against her sweet folds.

Suddenly she rose up, sliding the head of Gage's c*ck against her clit, rubbing it over and over, the sensitive head of his c*ck sending waves of intense pleasure though his body. His began thrusting his h*ps upward, seeking more contact but Kate held herself above him, allowing just the head of his c*ck to touch her.

"You want more, don't you, Gage? You want to f**k me, to stick your c*ck into my p**sy? Tell me what you want, Gage. Tell me, baby." Kate raised her body just a fraction higher, holding herself just above the head of Gage's cock, not touching him at all except with her palms of her hands. The frustration was intense, but the anticipation was even greater.

"Yeah, Kate. I want to f**k you, over and over, filling you up with my cock, feel your hot wet p**sy around my cock. I want to f**k you, Kate. Please, I want to f**k you now."

Kate held herself above him for just a moment, then brought her body down hard onto Gage's cock. He gasped, the sudden sensation of her surrounding him, the pulsing heat of Kate making him shudder.

Gage thrust his h*ps upward as hard as he could, meeting Kate's body as she rode him. He watched her above him, her hands clutching her br**sts, rubbing and pulling her own n**ples, her head back, eyes closed. Gage thought there was nothing more beautiful that that image.

And then his body took over, his c*ck twitching in anticipation of his cli**x, his h*ps thrusting erratically. Kate was working her h*ps in a circular motion, his c*ck being worked back and forth, sliding in and out of her body.

With a suddenness that surprised him, he was coming, calling out her name, digging his fingers into Kate's hips. He threw his head back, eyes tightly closed, a rushing sound filling his head. He heard her cry out, from a distance, her body rocking and shuddering beneath his hands as she came. There was a sudden wave of wetness across his balls as Kate's cli**x peaked, flooding him with her juices.

Gage watched Kate above him, her movements finally slowing, still holding her br**sts. She slowly opened her eyes, looking down at him.

"I think we christened the bedroom, Gage." She kissed him softly, slowly moving off of him, curling up in the crook of his arm, resting her head on his shoulder.

"Yeah, we did." He kissed the top of her head. "You know, though, there are a lot more rooms to christen. We've got a lot of work ahead of us."

He felt Kate laugh and then they both drifted off to sleep.

***

The next few weeks passed in a blur of activity for Kate. Gage gave her free reign with the apartment, every room hers to decorate except his studio. She went into a decorating frenzy, picking out paint colors and fabrics, furniture and dishes, everything she wanted to make their apartment home.

Gage had a small music studio installed in one room. She watched in amazement as myriad pieces of elaborate equipment was delivered and somehow crammed into the small space. She had no idea what any of it did, but Gage seemed happy with each new addition, patiently explaining what it did, how it made some kind of contribution to making music. She gave up trying to understand after a time, letting him talk, happy to see him excited and happy.

But Kate had also been worried; Gage seemed distant some days, spending hours in his studio, writing and recording songs. She didn't believe it had anything to do with her. He was as attentive and loving as ever, even more so now that they were together so much of the time.

She'd woken up late at night, realizing the bed was empty, only to find Gage had gotten up after they'd made love, going back to his studio. She'd slip on a robe, walk down the hall and find him watching concert footage on his laptop, a faraway look in his eyes, as if he were watching someone else. As if he was watching a long-lost friend, not himself up on stage.

But when she tried to talk to him, he'd smile, tell her nothing was wrong, everything was great. He'd close the laptop, take her out of the studio and take her back to bed. It hurt her to think they had something they couldn't talk about. But no matter how she approached the issue, Gage still maintained everything was fine, there wasn't anything to talk about. It weighed on her that he was pretending to be happy with their domestic life, but he was longing to be back on stage, to be performing for his fans.

They'd had a surprise phone call a few months after the move. They'd learned a few weeks earlier that Jeremy had quit the band shortly after the last tour. They'd replaced him with Chad, someone Gage knew well. Chad had called, asking if he could visit them in New York. Gage had hesitated, not sure how Kate would feel, but she told him he should reconnect with his friends. She hoped seeing Chad would lift the funk he was in, give him a connection with his music she felt he needed.

When Chad had shown up at the apartment door, Gage had welcomed him, taking Chad immediately to his studio, playing some of his new songs for him, listening to what he'd been doing before he'd been hired to replace Jeremy.

Kate had been in the studio with them, listening to Gage singing the song he'd sung for Kate. She'd gone to get some drinks, walking slowly back down the hall, balancing glasses and beer bottles. She was outside the studio door when she heard Gage talking; he sounded defensive, almost angry. Chad's voice was indistinct. And then she heard Gage say her name. She stopped in the hall, next to the open door.

"I've made a decision here, Chad. Kate is the most important thing in the world to me. Yeah, I miss it, miss performing, being on stage. I'd be lying if I said I didn't. But this is what Kate needs right now, and I want to make her happy."

"Yeah, man, I get wanting to make her happy. But what about your happiness, buddy? You're going to end up hating yourself...hating her, even if you made this choice. I've seen this happen before, man. One day you'll wake up and realize all that you've lost and you'll blame her for every bit of it. You aren't living if you're living for someone else."

"It's not like that, Chad. I'd never blame Kate for this. I'm happy, so let's drop it."

Kate jostled the tray in her hands, the glasses clinking together. Gage stepped into the hall, almost knocking her over.

"Oh, hey. Thanks. I'll take that." He reached for the tray, looking down at Kate. He hesitated, then took the tray back into the studio.

"Hey, Chad, help yourself to a beer. I'll be right back. There's a track I want you to hear. It's already loaded, the headphones are right there." Gage pulled the studio door shut, taking Kate by the arm and leading her to their bedroom. He closed the door softly behind them, leaning against it.

Kate was silent, waiting for Gage to speak. He hesitated a long time, finally coming to stand in front of her.

"Kate, what you heard...it's not what it sounded like. I'm happy here, you know that."

"Gage, I get your happy with me. But there should be more to your life than just me, just us. You're a musician, and a good one. You've given that up and I can't help it...I think maybe you made a mistake."

She saw conflicting emotions flash across Gage's face. When he spoke, his voice was tense; she could see his jaw clench.

"Kate, I'll say this again: it was my choice. I'm happy with it. If you're not happy, then you need to figure out why. Don't turn this back on me."

Kate moved to Gage, touching his arm. "Gage, no, that's not it. I am happy, you know that. But I didn't give up my dream for you. I lost my job, but that job wasn't my dream. You gave up a piece of your heart, your soul, for me. I see that, when you're in your studio, and now when you're talking with Chad."

She wrapped her arms around his neck. "I love you, Gage, but I think we need to take a second look at your decision. I know you made it to be with me, but did you think what it would be like weeks or months down the road? Maybe not."

Gage sighed, pulling Kate against his chest. "I don't want to put anything ahead of you in my life, Kate. Not again. I'm not sure how I could manage being on tour again and away from you for so long at a time. I couldn't handle it. We've been apart for long enough." He kissed her forehead.

***

"I've got an idea." Kate plopped down on the couch next to Gage. She'd been listening to him strumming out the melody for a new song. Chad had left a few days before and Gage and Kate had spent the time since really discussing their future together. Gage had finally admitted, almost tearfully, that he did miss performing, but he was more afraid of losing Kate than he was of giving up performing.

"What's your idea? New paint color for the bedroom? You can't repaint the room every other week, Kate." Gage shifted on the couch, setting aside his guitar.

"No, not that...or, not now. This is different. I think we should go on a vacation. Get away from New York for a few weeks, go someplace exotic maybe." Kate waited anxiously for Gage's reply. He'd become almost a recluse lately and she really wanted to shake up his routine.

"Vacation? Hmm, yeah. I think that's a good idea. Where to?"

Kate leaned forward, kissing Gage quickly, sliding off the couch. "I'm not telling. I want to do this for you, plan the whole thing. Is that okay?"

Gage laughed, picking up his guitar. "Sure thing. You did a great job with the apartment, except for repainting the bedroom six times. I guess I can trust you to plan out a vacation." He ducked as Kate took a playful swipe at his head, still laughing as she headed to her office.

***

The morning of their departure, Gage had tried hard to guess where they were headed, but Kate had refused to answer any questions, finally refusing to even speak. They'd gotten to the airport before she even gave Gage his passport.

"Okay, Kate, tell me where we're going. I can't stand this anymore. You wouldn't let me pack, you've been locked in your office for days and I'm not used to not knowing what is going on. Tell me where we're going, baby. Come on."

Kate smiled. "Alright. Just a few more minutes and you'll know everything." She led him to a flight information kiosk. Scanning the screen, she ran her finger down the list of international flights, stopping at one listing.

"That's our flight." She flashed a look at Gage, watching as his forehead crinkled in confusion.

"Kate, that's Germany, Oberhausen." He turned to her, not understanding.

"What have you done?"

Kate took his hands. "What I should have done a long time ago." She took a deep breath.

"You need this, you need to be on tour, and you need to be living your dream. This flight will connect you with your band and you'll have a few days to relax before the tour picks up."

"But... what are you going to do, Kate? How does this work for you?" Gage's eyes were locked on hers, worry creasing the corners.

"I'm a writer; I should be able to write from anywhere, right? And you're a rockstar, with an exciting life and stories to tell; stories that I think would make for a fantastic book. A book that I'm going to write."

Gage looked at her for a long moment. Then a smile spread across his face, that smile she loved.

"So, you've got this all planned out then, do ya? The world according to Kate?" He laughed, throwing his head back. Kate smiled; it had been a long time since she'd heard that laugh.

"Are you sure about this?"

Kate nodded, smiling, her heart lost in the pleasure, in the knowing that Gage would protect what they have and that he'd never again let her go.

"I've never been more sure of anything."

Her words were a soothing caress to his conscious that ached for certainty. He wanted nothing but the best for Kate, to give her everything her heart desired. In that moment, he could see as clear as day that the only thing she really wanted was him. With a deep sigh, Gage pulled her close, holding her cheeks with his hands. Studying her face for a brief moment, making sure that this was what she really wanted, he lifted her chin and kissed her gently. Kate inhaled deeply as his arms encircled her, banding tight around her before, cradling her face against his chest.

"I love you."

"I know," she replied softly. "I love you, too. For always."

Gage's eyes flashed with desire as he pressed his lips against hers again.

"Let's go." He took her hand in his and led her towards the ticket counter and towards their future together.

