Kate couldn't believe she was about to see Gage Stevens again.

After almost five years, she would finally come face to face with the man who had once been ready to give her the world. His world. Only this time, he was a mega-successful rock star and she was some down-and-all-but-out columnist working for a New York entertainment magazine.

Kate Preston had been the stereotypical good girl. She had great aspirations for college and beyond; dreams of becoming a world-renowned novelist. Funny how she had fallen for the hip and cool rocker Gage Stevens without so much as a second thought.

They'd met soon after she'd graduated. She'd been hanging with her friends at a local club where Gage and his band had been playing. Gage was the gorgeous lead vocalist who'd caught sight of Kate in the dancing crowd. After his performance, he'd sought her out and asked for a date.

Back then he'd just been one of those indie band types who performed at a few local shows and bars every so often. He'd been charming and without question, he was the most handsome man Kate had ever met. He pursued her with a relentless zeal that had her succumbing in the end despite the fact that she'd never have imagined them being compatible.

Kate had never really met anyone quite like Gage. He swept into her world and tipped it completely upside down. Well, swept was an understatement. He had crashed into her life like a destructive wave determined to crush even the smallest rock on the shore, consumed her very being, and before too long, he was all she could think about.

He believed that nothing was as important or worth worrying about except your dreams. He was also very romantic; he surprised Kate constantly with unexpected dates and heart-warming antics. It had been so easy to fall for him. Especially when he was also such a thoughtful, generous and passionate lover. The nights she'd known in Gage's arms had been impossible to recreate with anyone else - not that she'd dated that many after Gage in the past five years.

The truth was that no man had ever come close to Gage since she'd left him all those years ago. For the last five years, Kate had regretted breaking up with Gage Stevens - more so than ever in the last few months, though she wasn't quite sure why.

At the time of their breakup she'd thought she was being realistic when she'd told him, all those years ago, that his dreams of being a rock star would get him nowhere and that he needed to get a 'real' job.

But now that he was a rock god and her own career in journalism was stagnant, she didn't need a soothsayer to tell her how wrong she'd been.

And now for the first time, Kate was attending one of his concerts.

Sold out, Gage performed that night to hysterically screaming fans. His stagecraft had been breath taking, his voice and music so powerful live as it was in studio recorded music. He moved so naturally, thrilling the watching crowd to a fever pitch. It was so easy getting caught up in the moment. The atmosphere in the arena was incredible and Eva could understand now why Gage was the rock star he was. Even though she'd known Gage years ago when he'd just been a struggling rock act, she couldn't help feeling star-struck. On the stage, above that crowd, he came alive like no other performer she'd ever seen.

Song after song seemed to send the crowd into more of a rock 'n' roll-induced fever. The roaring crowd knew every line of every song as they sang along. Songs of passion, desire, rebellion and heartbreak. Kate couldn't deny, even to herself, that she loved his music. What was there not to love?

The grinding beat and the thrash of the guitars, the frenzied drums and then of course, Gage singing in that deep, raspy voice that stirred the blood and left her heart exploding in her chest.

Everything was pulsing; kaleidoscopes of lights bursting around from the screens around the stage. Such powerfully charged choreography and showmanship. Now Kate understood what it really took to be a mega-star. It didn't look so easy from where she stood in the crowd. Gage Stevens more than earned his rock god status and after four hours of high-powered performing, the live show was over.

Being made to attend one of his concerts and meet him backstage for an exclusive interview had been something Kate had been dreading for weeks. She'd done all she could to get out of the assignment but her editor had insisted, especially when it was known that Kate used to date Gage Stevens.

Kate had mentioned it several months ago to a friend and co-worker - who obviously hadn't been able to keep the tidbit to herself. So when the chance came up to get to interview him for their magazine, her employers had easily picked her.

In all the past few years or so that Gage's career had sky-rocketed, Kate had not attended any of his concerts once. And now that it had been part of the assignment to do so, she was glad the assignment was half over.

Now all she had left to do was meet up with him for the interview, get it done as soon as possible and then escape back to her ordinary life. If she was lucky, everything would be wrapped up in an hour or less.

And if the fates were on her side at all, he wouldn't even remember who she was. He wouldn't recognize her and she could carry out her duty professionally and quickly. One could only hope.

Now heading backstage armed with her pass, Kate squeezed through the sea of eager female groupies in their scanty get-ups, all hoping for a chance to get access to Gage or any of his band who'd exited the stage finally just half an hour ago.

Hefty security guards had their hands full keeping away the mob of beauties. Once Kate was cleared, one of them let her through and led the way to Gage's dressing room.

Kate's heart started to beat faster as the time drew near to come face to face with Gage again.

She went through the maze of corridor after corridor following the muscle-bound security guard, her head in a whirl. For days she'd racked her brain on how she could handle this. Friendliness and humor, or professional charm and poise? They hadn't exactly parted enemies but Kate couldn't help having a wary feeling Gage Stevens might still hold a grudge. After all, she'd dumped him just when he was at his all-time low professionally.

* * *

The last time she'd seen him; he'd been broke and had been about to get kicked out of his place. His band hadn't found a paying gig in weeks and yet Gage had stayed hopeful that things would get better - just later rather than sooner.

"I can't go on like this," Kate had said with anguish as they'd sat in the half-filled eatery having a breakfast she was going to pay for, again. Kate had been an intern at a local newspaper and hadn't minded having to stick the tab most of the time, but she really wanted Gage to do more for himself.

He was so smart, confident and good natured. He could be anything he put his mind to. Instead, he held on to his musical dream with a band that couldn't even seem to keep itself in the studio time needed to make their first album "demo".

"Babe, I know what you're thinking," Gage had replied, his curvy lips slanted in that gorgeously winning smile. "But you've got to have faith. If not in my music, then in me. I'm not going to fail."

"Maybe...maybe if you put this same enthusiasm in some other endeavors," Kate remembered saying hesitantly as she tried not to make him feel too bad. "You told me you were studying programming in college before you dropped out to focus on your music. What if...what if you tried to complete your degree? Or get another job? At least till this music thing can get off the ground."

A frown had marred Gage's smooth, broad forehead. "Music thing? Kate, rock is my life. I live and breathe it. Sure, I'm good with computers but I'll never be happy cooped in some cubicle for the rest of my life. When I play, and sing, that's when I feel the most alive. I'm not going to start slaving over a desk or a bunch of computers just to get by. It takes passion to succeed and I can't see myself having passion for an IT career or whatever else you think I should be doing."

Kate noted his irritation from the way he dumped his napkin on the table and pushed his half-eaten plate away.

A shuddering sigh escaped her. "You're wrong, Gage. It takes more than passion to succeed. It takes a sense of responsibility, of knowing when to grow up. I can't be with someone who doesn't even want to see when it's time to change the dream for something real, and worthwhile. I'm thinking we should just...part as friends before this gets any deeper and one of us gets hurt."

Even now, five years later, Kate could remember the bottomless, shadowed look that had taken over Gage's whole expression. He'd seemed shocked, dismayed, angry and betrayed all at the same time.

"You're breaking it off, like this?" he asked, looking around at the surroundings with its low buzz from the few other clients in the trendy food bar.

"Don't make it sound like that," she said in a hushed voice. "If you could just...agree to at least consider trying something else..."

"Then what, you'll give me a second chance?" he asked, suddenly smiling wryly. He took her hand, pressed it warmly with his fingers. Kate felt warmth and still, an ache at the same time. It was then she knew that though she still loved him, she couldn't continue to be with him.

"You know your problem, Kate? All work and no play," Gage admonished, thumb rubbing on the sensitive curve between her thumb and index finger.

A rush of sensual awareness shot up her arm at his caress, and she quickly pulled her arm away. Gage might be the sexiest man she'd ever met; but there was more to life than hot sex, a handsome face and a charming personality. Futures could not be built on that.

"You on the other hand, are the exact opposite," she said calmly, gathering up her things. "You're all about play, aren't you?" Kate sighed raggedly.

She'd always been teased by him and his friends as being much too serious; a pessimistic who hardly saw the bright side of things. Kate loved to have fun like everyone else but she also knew what it was to not have a stable life. Her father had been so much like Gage.

Kate's father had got on in life with his looks and personality for as long as he could. But he'd been unable to cater for his family while sticking to his dead-end vocation as a writer. Kate's mother had ended up working two jobs and sometimes three just to keep the family going. And now, Kate wasn't about to make the same mistake by falling for someone just like her father. The Dreamer. Dreams didn't pay bills and they certainly didn't provide for the future. Kate felt she deserved more than that.

That sunny day, she'd risen from her chair to gaze down at Gage, her eyes filmy with moisture even as her chin squared with resolve. "I'm sorry we weren't good for each other."

And she'd meant it. She was sorry that she couldn't be the happy-go-lucky, rock band-supporting carefree Kate Preston that Gage and his pals wanted her to be. And she was sorry he couldn't be the normal, everyday working guy ready to earn a proper living the way she thought he should.

Gage's eyes had narrowed and she could see his hands clench on the tablecloth before he stretched the palms flat as if to deliberately calm himself. At last, he said quietly, "If you walk away from me now, I hope you know it's for good? Because there'll be no going back. It's over. But if you stay, and sit down and talk, and work at this, then we still have a chance."

Kate shook her head, smiling as the glitter of tears finally faded and she could see clearly. "That's just it, Gage Stevens. We never stood a chance to begin with."

She'd walked away that day and didn't regret it. Because she told herself that from the start, Kate Preston and Gage Stevens should never have happened. They were too different. People say that opposites attract, but in their case, Kate couldn't keep blinding herself to the truth. If they stayed together, they'd end up hating each other. So it was best to break up before discontent on either side poisoned them both.

It had been a few months later that she heard he'd got a record deal. Before the end of the year, Gage Stevens was a name on everyone's lips. His first album turned him into an overnight success. Suddenly she turned on the TV and there he was on some fancy talk show or someone was talking about him on the news. Gage Stevens the new rock sensation. Suddenly, everyone wanted to work with him. His singles were the fastest selling on any platform. His songs were playing all over the airwaves and Kate couldn't flip the damn radio on without hearing one of his chart-topping hits.

* * *

And now, years after, he'd lost none of his allure - or gifts. He'd released his latest album just a month ago and already it was top of the charts both home and internationally. Somehow, he managed to keep his music relevant, worked with the right industry people, and kept himself in the limelight as much as he could.

This meant his management must have a lot on their hands ensuring that his face got on every major endorsement deal. Also, every little thing in his personal life certainly drew attention from the Press. There was always something in the tabloids about his involvements with some supermodel or the newest young female A-lister. Gage Stevens had turned into some kind of sex symbol and he was always ranking high in all those "sexiest men" lists.

So now here he was; a rich, famous, sought after and successful rock star. How did all this happen in a space of about four years?

That's what Kate's magazine wanted to find out.

It's just a job, Kate, she told herself as she exhaled deeply. All she had to do was focus and get it done. She smiled slightly as the security operative turned to her once they stopped in front of a door.

"Here you go. Gage's dressing room. You have a camera on you? He doesn't really like pictures after he's done with a major concert," the brawny bodyguard said, his eyes regarding Kate's frame admiringly. She tried not to squirm as she wondered if he actually wanted to do a body search to make sure.

"No cameras," she assured him, her smile still in place. "Any pictures we need for the interview will be taken in a few days once Gage can spare the time. Right now, I just need a little time with him. Just me and my trusty tape recorder," she assured, tapping the satchel she had over her shoulder.

The guard nodded briskly. "Well, he's ready for you. You'd better go in." He knocked briefly on the door in front of them.

For a moment, Kate couldn't help but wonder about the man who was on the other side of that door.

Gage Stevens. He had always been the unconventional kind of heartthrob. Not that he was overly fond of tattoos or piercings and he certainly didn't have that many. Which would have been strange, right? And he wasn't the type to be into wild haircuts or clothes. Sure, she knew he did like to sport a lot of black and some jewelry but from what she'd seen in pictures and on TV, he always kept things at a minimum.

Overall, it could be said that Gage Stevens was a pretty laid-back, un-diva type rock star god who didn't get too caught up in the lifestyle. The only excess that he seemed to enjoy, it seemed, was women.

Oh, Kate knew all about those. His trysts with groupies as well as his cocky attitude, which came across even on the screen, had warned Kate that Gage was not the same guy she once loved.

So just how much had he changed? Kate saw the guard twist the knob and then push the door open and then she knew she was just moments from finding out...

* * *

Playing solo had its challenges.

In many ways, Gage had found this to be true. Breaking away from his former rock group to start a solo career may have been the best decision he'd ever made - but he still missed the camaraderie. The after-show party that would go on through the night wasn't the same without his old guys.

Now he had his own backing band but it never really got close to when he and his three other band mates had been part of one group known as No Extreme. Gage had been lead vocalist and also played guitar. Now that he was a solo act, he still played during vocals. He really did try to give it his all when live and he felt he'd done that tonight.

The crowd had been wild. And though some people would expect him to be out on his feet after a four-hour long highly charged performance - on the contrary, Gage felt his most energized after a show.

His blood was pumping faster, and his senses were on edge. Nothing to do with drugs but his own personal adrenalin, gained from doing what he loved to do best. Every day he thanked his stars for giving him the chance to do what he enjoyed and still get paid stupendously for it.

He heard the knock on his door and suddenly remembered why he was still lingering in his dressing room. The interview with the reporter from that fancy New York magazine. Gage liked listening to his PR people so when they told him this was a great opportunity to boost sales of his new album further, he decided against his better judgment and finally agreed to go for it. The thing about having a new album out was that any publicity was good publicity and you had to get it where you could.

Which meant he had a few minutes or so to spare with this columnist person he was supposed to meet. A moment after the knock, one of his security personnel whom he recognized as Nick pushed his clean-shaven head and broad shoulders through.

"The journalist from Stardom Magazine is here, Gage," Nick said with a nod, before turning back to someone just behind him. "Alright, Ms. Preston. You have twenty minutes."

Gage smirked as he thought to himself that there was no way he would spend the next twenty minutes talking about himself. He could tell the reporter all that was needed to know in a quarter of that time. Spinning on his heel, he faced the open doorway with a bored expression that turned slack when a tall, shapely redhead strode into the room.

God. Kate. Preston. What the f**k was she doing here?

"You have got to f**king kidding me."

* * *

Gage Stevens barking out those words at her came as no surprise.

And yet Kate had expected better. Had expected if not a friendly welcome, then perhaps, a formal yet polite greeting. It had been five years after all. Five years of having to look at him only through the pages of a magazine or on the TV screen. And now that they were seeing eye to eye so to speak, Kate could see that he hadn't changed much.

Except that now he looked hotter, tougher and downright too sexy to be legal. Like, jump-into-bed-with-him-at-first-sight sexy.

A pair of designer ripped jeans clung to his lean rocker's hips. He had a startling white dress shirt on, unbuttoned low on his ripped chest, showing a glint of gold chain.

The sleeves were rolled up to display his masculine arms, lightly dusted with hair. His dark mane was flopping over his handsome forehead and the tips brushed the collar of his shirt, giving him a boyish, ruffled air. Gorgeous.

Oh no, thought Kate. Her worst fears were confirmed. She still considered him the most desirable man she'd ever met. That certainly hadn't changed one bit.

This was going to be one hell of an assignment.

* * *

Suddenly it felt too hot, like he was burning up even though he'd showered and was dressed in an open-necked white dress shirt.

Something pumped in Gage's ears and for a second, his mind when black. It took several seconds for his pulse to stop throbbing like he'd just been shot through with electricity.

Kate couldn't be standing there in his dressing room, looking hardly any different from that sunny morning when she'd walked away from him for good. She wore a pair of what looked like tailored blue jeans, a white t-shirt and a cropped leather jacket. Everything she wore, she filled out nicely. Her red hair was just a mass of waves upon waves, swept over one side of her face. She looked like something from his wildest dream. And his worst nightmare.

"It's good to see you too, Gage," she said lightly with a wry smile in reply to his blurted words. "And I'm from the Stardom magazine."

"You're the reporter?" he asked, shoving his fingers through his slightly long hair.

"Shit!"

"Trust me, I was as surprised as you when I got the project. And I wanted to contact you prior to the interview but you're a hard man to get hold of on the phone." She sighed when he just stood there looking at her. "Look, it's okay if you don't want to do this. I totally understand. I'll just have to tell my bosses to send someone else - "

She'd already whirled angrily and was heading for the door again when he recollected himself enough to surge forward and grasp her arm. "Hey. No, wait. I apologize for being so abrupt. I was just so...Damn, Kate. Never in a million years did I ever dream I'd see you again."

"I can imagine," she said, her tone mild as she turned to face him warily.

"Please, take a seat." He indicated one of the chairs lining the front of the mirrored walls. For now they were the only ones there but Gage knew some of his band and management team would be coming round any minute. He smiled encouragingly at the woman sitting stiffly in the chair across from him. He folded his arms.

"So how've you been? Or aren't we allowed to go there?" he asked casually.

Kate shrugged. "I guess we can spend a few minutes catching up. I'm a journalist with Stardom, like I said. I've been there for a year now. Before that, I worked with an online feature magazine. I've been good. But no need to ask how you've been doing."

"Looks like we both reached our goals, huh?" he smirked.

"Was that your goal? To be a megastar rock god?" she asked, tilting her head.

Gage's eyes narrowed. "Has the interview started?"

She looked quizzical for a moment. "It starts when you want it to, Gage. It can start right now, if you like."

"On the contrary; right now I'd like to party," he murmured, fluffing his fingers through his hair again. "Are you coming?"

"What? I..."

"The after-party. At the hotel. Everyone's going to be there. My band members, some fans and guests. We can talk, you'll ask me anything. I'm too wired up after a gig to stay still for long. Come on, Kate."

He grinned, taking her arm and pulling her up. He knew he'd caught her unawares by the way she stumbled. The next thing, she was in his arms, clutching at his shoulders for balance.

"Still can't keep your hands off me, huh?" he growled, a feral grin breaking over his face as he wrapped an arm instantly around her waist, pinning her to him. Damn, she felt even better than he remembered. She'd grown some dangerous curves, noted Gage. He just wanted to grope her up and find out how juicy her luscious flesh would feel in his hands.

She pushed against his chest, her green eyes flashing. "What do you think you're doing? This isn't what I came for."

"Oh, I know what you came for, Kate Preston. You just haven't figured it out yet."

Gage slanted his head and seized her lips in a hard kiss before she could even blink. She gasped against his mouth, giving him access to probe deeper with his tongue.

Her taste...fuck. It sent a beam of lust right down to his cock. Five years and she still tasted like all his favorite things...like ginger spice and f**king chocolate coated caramel. How the hell was that even possible?

His lips molded moistly to hers and he felt her hands flatten against his chest. For a moment it was a shove but the next, her fingers were sliding up to link around his neck. Gage groaned, deepening the kiss and running his hands down her back to cup her ass. He palmed the succulent apple-shaped flesh and squeezed hard, making her whimper. His hardened c*ck pillowed against her stomach and it was all he could do not to rip her out of her clothes, spin her face down on the dressing table and mount her. Damn she set him off like a freaking time bomb and right now he was about ready to explode...

"Hey, Gage, we've got you the..."

Suddenly the door bust open and several people spilled in laughing and boisterous. Gage reluctantly pulled away as Kate seemed to jump out of her skin. A few guys from his band were now in the spacious dressing room, followed by four or five skimpily clad young beauties, obviously groupies. His bass guitarist, Sheldon stopped short and then grinned when he saw the woman in Gage's arms.

"I was about to say we have the chicks covered for the party and all but it seems you've got your hands full already buddy," Sheldon said goofily, and Gage tried to give him a warning look but it was too late. The giggling ladies were already screeching with joy and two broke off from the group to launch at Gage. He let out a surprised laugh while Kate promptly tore herself away, stepping back while the two girls, who looked to be just a bit older than twenty one, skipped all over him.

"We're so glad we got the backstage pass and we can't wait to get to the party!"

"The show was awesome! You were so out there! Just, in another stratosphere! "We love you, Gage!"

Gage felt his face get plastered with cherry glossed lips and had to make an effort to peel the girls off him. "Glad you're joining us, erm...?"

"Hayley," one said, her blue eyes dancing beneath her blonde bangs. "And this is my cousin Ann-Marie. We won backstage passes to your concert! And then Sheldon said we're invited to the after-party too."

"Then let's go party," Gage said, grinning. Sheldon and the other guys started leading the girls out while Gage turned to Kate who was clutching her bag to her.

"So, you coming?" he asked once more, tilting his eyebrow at her. Her cheeks were flushed with embarrassment and anger. He could tell when she was angry; the black irises in her green eyes would glow like coals and her cheeks were flushed. Gage liked to think it was his kiss and not her fury that put that blush there.

"I don't think..."

"You want the interview or not?" Gage growled, holding out his hand. "We don't have to do this if you don't want. You can go back to your magazine people and tell them you couldn't get one measly interview with Gage Stevens all because you didn't want to attend the after-party. One-time opportunity, Kate."

She seemed undecided still, before finally saying curtly, "No offence, Gage - but if I come with, you're not going to treat me like one of your cheap groupies. This is just for work."

His lips curved humorlessly. "And you were always about that, weren't you? Focused, ambitious Kate Preston. I'm glad that's paid off for you at least, since you're obviously some hot shot reporter if you could get this interview with me."

Her eyes flashed emerald fire, and he sucked in a harsh breath. Fuck she was so beautiful. Maybe the most beautiful woman he'd ever known. But she was also cold, single-minded - and she'd dumped him when he'd needed her most.

Dropping his hand which she still ignored, he shrugged nonchalantly and grabbed his jacket off the back of a chair.

"You can drop your high-handedness, Kate. As you can probably tell, there's no need for me to throw myself at you or any chick. So if you really want me answering any questions for your magazine, I think you're better off doing what I say. So shall we go?"

* * *

If Kate had ever considered a worst case scenario about how everything would go, then this was it.

The shock of actually meeting Gage again had been more acute than she'd foreseen. Even worse was being kissed by him and then being unable to resist. She'd melted into him almost the same second their lips touched. If that wasn't borderline needy and pathetic, Kate didn't know what else was.

The drive down in Gage's limo had been a quick one across town to the hotel. Kate had never seen so many screaming people racing after them as they'd rode out of the arena. Everyone recognized Gage's gleaming red customized limo. The driver had to speed down a few back roads before they finally got rid of the convoy of fans. A few more twists and turns and they were on the road to the hotel.

The drinking started right from the limo ride, of course. Apart from Kate there were other people riding with them; a PR assistant, Gage's personal aide and a couple of his guys from the band and they were all in a boisterous mood, drinking champagne and laughing.

Kate felt swept up by the tide as they got to the magnificent hotel where the bar had been set up for the after-party. Kate had never seen so much booze in her life. The music was pounding through the speakers and people were dancing and chatting. Gage drew her to his side and started introducing her to a few key people. Someone pushed a mixed cocktail in her hand and she was almost afraid to try it. She wasn't much of a drinker and when Gage glanced her way, he told her, "It's just rum and black coffee liqueur. It's great, you'll like it."

She did, right from the first sip. She'd never tasted anything like that before and it seemed to zip straight through her system. Whoa. She had to remember to take things easy on the alcohol, which she didn't handle so well. She couldn't help wondering how long she'd have to hang around to get him to actually spare a few minutes to answer her questions.

The party venue had the same buzzing atmosphere as the live arena but with a more cramped, head-spinning intensity. There was a lot of wild dancing, and girls crawling all over any member of the band or anyone connected to the band. Kate had to beat off two or more zealous roadies who thought she was one of the happy-go-lucky groupies.

She looked around the crowded room for Gage. At some point they'd been separated by a few of his adoring group and she wondered if he'd probably forgotten all about her and the interview. He'd probably been stolen off by the two gorgeous blonde twins she'd seen clawing all over him just ten minutes ago. Kate coughed slightly as the mist of cigarette smoke and lord knew what else finally reached her nostrils.

These folks sure knew how to party, Kate thought as she backed into a corner, gulping some of her cocktail in the hope of calming her nerves. and Kate would have tried to have fun if it wasn't for the fact that this was meant to be an assignment - and Kate of all people knew she'd better not mess things up...

"You don't fit in very well, do you?" A familiar voice said in her ear, and she whipped around to find Gage standing there in the shadow of the heavy drapes. His hand circled her elbow and he drew her even further back.

"What are you..."

He lifted a finger in the air as if to silence her, and she scowled at him. He merely grinned. "If I didn't know who you were, I'd have been intrigued. I'd think to myself, who's this stunning redhead? But it wouldn't be what you are that would catch my eye - it would be what you weren't...such as overdressed, gushing, drunk or heavily made up," Gage said softly, his eyes lowering as he looked down at the lock of her hair he'd caught between his fingers.

Kate held her breath, wondering what he was up to now. But he went on in that same quiet tone, "All the other girls privileged to make it to this party are flirting, giggling and shrieking every time they catch sight of a famous face. But you...you keep yourself aloof; retaining that graceful air about you like fluttering wings. You don't care much for rock stars, do you?"

"I told you, I'm here on a job," she said firmly, telling herself she wasn't in the least stirred by being in a hidden, intimate corner with Gage, hidden from the rest of the partying crowd. "So when am I going to actually get down to it?"

He gave her a lop-sided smile. "When we get up to my hotel room."

Gage saw the look on her face, and his chuckle deepened. "Relax; it's not what you think. My mates and I are taking the party up to my suite. If we don't sneak out now, we'll never leave. You and I will have a better chance to talk without the smoke and the nosy photographers."

Lifestyle of the rich and famous...thought Kate as she begrudgingly left the party with Gage who was able to make it out without getting noticed, thanks to his guards making a diversion. They were at least eight cramming into the lift up to Gage's suite. His band mates and their hangers-on were as rumbustious as ever, and some had even brought along bottles of liquor along.

Gage sent Kate an expressive smile. "We're just so happy the gig was so successful. It's our last one before we go on tour," he said just as the lift doors opened and they all piled out. Kate straightened her outfit which had been rumpled when she'd been practically sardine-packed with the others in the car.

"I never asked if you enjoyed the show," he said mildly once they were inside the massive suite. Almost at once the environment was filled with music as someone turned on the system. Kate couldn't help staring around in awe. The suite had to be made up of at least five luxurious sections, including two bedrooms, living room area, office and bar.

Kate was struck by the sheer opulence of every item in the suite and the fact that her whole apartment could fit into these accommodations at least thrice.

Turning to Gage, she replied, "You must know how well you did, Gage. There's no doubt you're the master of putting up a great performance. It was very...stirring."

What she couldn't tell him of course was how he'd positively oozed sensuality on stage and through his music, causing frenzy among the fans especially the females who had shrieked with adoration and lust through the whole show. Kate certainly couldn't tell how much her mouth had watered - and her heart had ached - as she'd watched her ex give a magical live show in front of hundreds of thousands.

Gage smiled at her reply, holding a frosted bottle in his hand from which he filled a glass for her and then himself. Kate took it reluctantly, taking a tentative sip and felt the sensation that this was the kind of drink that could go straight to her head if she let it. Other than that, she had Gage to worry about. He was still the same - yet so different.

Here, in his fantasy world of opulence and fame. Surrounded by his admirers and fellow band mates, successful in their own rights and popular for their role in the band. It seemed almost incredible to picture Gage in the midst of all this, but then, looking at him now, she couldn't deny that it suited him well.

He didn't yet have the dissipated look that some rock stars had; his youth was undeniable and he had a great shape still. At age thirty-two, his body was lean like a pro swimmer's, as well as ripped with manly hardness. He grew his hair much longer than he used to and there was a sleekness to him that she'd never got to see years ago when he was just gorgeous yet slightly scruffy Gage.

Now, the polish one could get only from making several million dollars per show was evident in everything about him. His expensive yet stylishly understated clothes, his mega-star looks and his demeanor reminded her that Forbes had listed him as making twenty five million dollars last year alone.

He was regarding her with a speculative look that put her on her guard. Standing next to him made it easy to forget the other people mingling in the rooms; laughing, chatting and necking. The drummer who Kate knew his name as Chan, an Asian with dyed blue hair had one of the giggly groupies from down in the bar draped around him and they were giggling together like they were high on something. Kate forced herself to meet Gage's eyes and at once, it was like being sent back in time.

Kate really, really wished Gage wouldn't look at her like that. The last thing she wanted to do was remember...and regret.

"I always wondered what you'd think of me - that was, if you ever did think of me," he said wryly. "Now that I've achieved all I set out to do, and much more."

"I was happy for you," Kate said promptly, sincerely. "There wasn't a day that I didn't think you deserved it - all of it. No matter what may have happened or the things I said, I always wished you well, Gage."

His lips tilted in a crooked smile as he placed his glass on the nearby bar. "I believe you," he said quietly. "In a way, I owe you some thanks. This all became possible because of you." He waved his hands expansively.

"What...what do you mean?" Kate asked in a voice hushed with confusion.

"After you left me," he said with a shrug, his tone bland. "It was like I was lost in a black hole. And during those dark weeks afterwards came my greatest inspiration. I wrote a whole bunch of songs that would later become my best selling debut album."

Kate felt realization dawn as she remembered that very first album that had gone on to win Gage countless awards for album of the year and song of the year and new artist of the year.

The songs had been gritty and heart-felt, filled with depth and melodic agony. At least, that was what the reviewers had said. She remembered reading an article where Gage had confessed that a personal trauma had got him writing those songs with so much emotions running high in them.

Well, those 'emotions' had sat well with the public and Gage's songs became the top downloaded and sold songs for two years running, breaking the major charts around the world.

"My success story is hinged on you walking out that door, Kate," Gage said with a mild twist to his smile. "I always promised myself that if I ever saw you again, I'd thank you for being so instrumental to the success you never believed me capable of in my music career."

Kate wasn't sure what to say. 'You're welcome' just didn't seem appropriate, and he'd only made her feel worse, not better, with his confession.

She'd never believed she'd truly hurt him when she'd left. They'd been together barely a year, after all. She'd been so sure he'd forgotten all about her almost the minute she'd walked away. And then, seeing him in all those magazines with a different beauty every time, had shown her that with his fame came the choice that he could have any woman he wanted. No woman would ever think of walking away from Gage Stevens now.

Not when he'd become the groupie king; with girls throwing their underwear at him and flashing their tits at him at concerts. He had a massive following in all the social media. He even had his own "fan base" known as "Gagers" who were the equivalent of the "Beliebers" and "Directioners" of this world. Anytime there was an awards show, or whenever a new single or video of his came out, his "Gagers" always came out full force to give him support and spread the word.

This meant, of course, that Gage was hardly out of the media whether on the web or on TV and print. Anything he did drew a news crew's presence. Kate began to feel that everywhere she looked; there was something about Gage even up to what he did in his private life. From who he had on his arm at the last red carpet event; to his latest tattoo.

There were even rumors of him getting his very own reality show, and Kate just knew it would be another money spinner for him too.

He had houses in numerous choice parts of the country and the world. Had his own private jet and ultra-fitted tour bus. A single two-hour performance on any major stage earned him more money than Kate could hope to earn in five years. It was staggering to think of. Gage Stevens was a rockstar god. And he used to be hers.

"It was you, Kate," Gage was saying plainly, his eyes pinned to hers. "No one knows till today the inspiration behind my breakout album. How does it feel knowing you broke my heart and gave me so many demons that drive me and haunt me till this day?"

Kate's heart was thumping; she felt like it was literally cracking to pieces. The anger, the pain in his eyes was so raw it cut through her like a blade. She believed him. Believed now that he must have truly cared and she had truly hurt him. He didn't hide the profound torment from his expression and just holding his gaze made everything around them fade out like background pieces. No music, no voices, no presence. Just their long-buried awareness creeping up from the cracks and shrouding them in tempestuous sails.

"Gage, I..."

Kate didn't get the chance to complete her sentence, as one of the girls swayed up to them and then practically stumbled into Gage, who caught her deftly. The willowy brunette was dressed in a slip of a frock and knee-high black boots with four inch heels. She was holding a half-drunk bottle of whiskey and grinning foolishly up at Gage.

"Hey, sexy. Are you two going to be standing about yakking all night?" the young woman said in a breathy, come-on voice. "I've been waiting forever for a piece of your time, Gage. And if your friend insists on staying, then I don't mind sharing. She's pretty. I like redheads." The girl turned and winked at Kate, who exhaled with suppressed annoyance.

"Amanda, not now. This is a reporter from Stardom magazine. We're trying to hold an interview here." His voice was gruff and Kate could see his fingers biting into the girl's slender arms as he held her back from his lips.

"Reporter, huh? Is that what they call it now? I saw the way you two were looking at each other," Amanda muttered while wagging a clumsy, reprimanding finger in Gage's face. "I just had to come over here before someone ripped someone else's clothes off."

"Amanda..."

"Excuse me," Kate mumbled, suddenly dumping her glass on the bar and spinning off to find the bathroom.

She didn't look left or right as she stumbled through the doors to the en suite bathroom. It was no surprise that it was as luxuriously fitted as the rest of the suite. There was a shower enclosure that had the latest spray technology with multiple showerheads above and at the sides of the walls. A huge whirlpool tub still couldn't dwarf the immense spaciousness of the bathroom. Designer toiletries were arranged in stylish cabinets and all the fittings were well crafted and eye-catching. Kate sank unto the closed toilet seat and covered her face in her hands.

What had made her think she could do this? Treat Gage like a normal stranger when they had a past, though brief, between them? And then just minutes ago, he'd made her believe that though brief, her time with him had impacted him in ways that made their break-up such a traumatic experience for him. She recalled every song in that first album and how Gage had been drawn listeners around the world with his 'tortured artist' persona, laying himself bare and singing songs that hearts out there could relate to.

And now he was saying it had been all about her. Or at least, about her leaving him. He'd just made the guilt she'd felt before now ten times worse.

Suddenly realizing she'd spent way too much time holed up in the bathroom, Kate rose from the seat, checked out her reflection, and pinched her pale cheeks. If she could, she'd walk out, right out of the suite and not look back. Walk away from Gage and his rock band pals and his blonde floosy or whoever that chick was that had been crawling all over him back there.

She walked back into the room, only just realizing that the tone of music had changed to one of Gage's more sonorous songs, filling the suite with strains of string guitars and smoky, restless Gage singing through the speakers.

She stared in amazement at the now empty room. "What happened? Where is everyone?"

"Gone. I made them leave," Gage said softly, turning form whatever he was fiddling with at the sound system. He viewed her with critical eyes. "Are you okay? Want to start the interview now?"

"I don't think..."

"It's late, and we've both had a long night," he said mildly, "So I'll be cooperative as possible. Ask me whatever you like. Go on, sit down," he said, indicating an easy chair close to where he sat on the couch opposite.

Drawing in a deep breath, Kate finally made up her mind to see this through. A few questions were required for the two-page feature. In a half hour, tops, she could wrap this up and leave without making a fool of herself and giving in to the urge to lunge in Gage's direction and simply ravish him with kisses. She could just see herself straddling his thighs as she kissed him, her knees digging into the couch as she ground her panty-covered p**sy over his erection sheathed beneath his pants.

Gathering up every professional bone in her body, Kate finally started the interview. The questions seemed so mundane now that she had him alone, sitting there calmly and also keeping his own level of correctness and formality.

She asked him about a lot of things; about his glamorous lifestyle and whether it was all about play. He told her that yes, it was fun getting to travel around the world, play the best parties and shows, stay in the finest hotels and eat at the top restaurants. Hong Kong tonight, Korea tomorrow...playing to several hundred thousand or to just a thousand people...Different settings brought a different energy.

Sure, Gage confessed, it did feel great but it was also tough. Of course he worked hard, he assured her. Day and night, in the studio, or on the road. And now, doing an interview at ten to one a.m. in the morning. He grinned suddenly at that and Kate couldn't help smiling back, inwardly glad they could relate without the poison of the past inching into the conversation.

"You've had four studio albums; cross-over collaborations with artistes like Katy Perry, Kanye West, Coldplay. How do you think your music has evolved?" Kate asked.

A grin slanted over Gage's curved lips. "I've always believed that the older I become, the tastier and more refined I get - like a bottle of wine. I'm very spontaneous and it shows in my music. I don't let anything hold me back and that's why my fans can feel all of me in my music."

At that, Kate had to bring up his fans; his 20 million Facebook friends, three million Twitter followers and then his videos on YouTube all getting countless views and subscribers.

"I believe the social media is a fabulous tool. I get to interact with my fans differently from when I'm on stage and they're in the crowd," Gage said thoughtfully.

"So...you have the lifestyle people only dream of. You travel in your private jet, you hang out with the rich and famous, and get to live like a king, adored by your teeming fans. How does that make you feel?" asked Kate.

"I'm happy to be making so much money doing what I love - and yet I know I'll still be doing it even if I was making less than one percent of what I make now," he said, and Kate bit on her lip as she realized it was true; even when Gage and his band had zero funds and sometimes had to play for free at shows, Gage had always been glad to just play, to share his music.

"Besides," he went on with a shrug, "I have the best management who find great opportunities for me business-wise. So I'm all about the music but I still think of other ways to make my money. I'm a part of numerous endorsements but only those I feel suit my personality. I'd never endorse what I didn't believe in, no matter the rewards."

Kate nodded understandingly. "So, just what do you spend your money on anyway?" she half-teased. "Cars, yachts? An island or two?"

He grinned at that. "Yeah, I heard about that rumor where a tabloid claimed I'd bought up some tiny island off Fiji. Not true. I really don't have that much time to spend money since I'm always busy working. Sure, I could rent an expensive yacht because it's easier. And I do enjoy buying up houses - don't even know how many of those I have. I should count them though," he mused carelessly, and Kate shook her head with humor.

"Yes, you should," she said wryly. "With the money and fame...did drugs ever become part of your life?"

She could tell the question had surprised him. Kate had never known him to even smoke but who knew what else had changed about him? He'd never seemed the womanizer type but now he was always in the news along with some latest conquest crying her eyes out for not being able to hold on to the rock star god Gage Stevens.

"Drugs have never been my thing," Gage said seriously, folding his arms as he sat back in the couch. "And I think many new age rock stars focus on their career and stay clean. I certainly can't afford to do drugs on stage. I tell myself I have one chance and one chance only - can't detriment that with drugs. I find other ways to enjoy life and garner that high that drugs provide for other people."

"And what other ways are those?" Kate couldn't help asking.

"Well, for one thing, there's sex," he said, tongue in cheek. Kate's face flushed. "Hot, hours-long sex helps ramp up the adrenal edge for me. That's my mojo."

Kate squirmed in her seat. That little tidbit certainly wasn't going into the final feature, she decided, even as she asked, "You've dated some beautiful women; do you think you'd settle down any time soon?"

He shoved his hair back. "Sure, I've dated, but I don't have much of a social life - or private life for that matter. It's hard to have one when I'm focused so much on my career. A lot of my friends are married and have kids, and it's got me hoping that in the future, I can have a private life. Like everyone out there, I'd love to fall in love, get married and have beautiful children," he said deeply.

Kate nodded, but inwardly didn't like to think how much it wrenched her heart to imagine Gage falling in love or marrying anyone else, and having undoubtedly gorgeous kids with the lucky woman. Ground down by an acute sense of loss, Kate decided to round up the interview by asking what advice he had for upcoming rock artists like him.

"Fight for every chance you get," Gage said simply. "It's all about a lot of hard work, a bit of talent, the right music - and a great mindset. I believe so much in fighting for your dreams, and that's why I try to support any new acts I can by letting them open up for me at gigs. I've also got various charities focused on young adults and kids. So though I might be living a life of glamour, whether playing with hip-hop's Kanye West at a private party or meeting supermodel Kate Upton at a beach show, I'm more than my lifestyle."

"I think your fans know that," Kate said sincerely, before finally switching off the recorder. He nodded, acknowledging her words with a small smile as he rose to go over to the bar. He mixed some drinks and brought a glass over to her but she shook her head.

"Any more alcohol and I'll be falling asleep where I am. And I need to get going - it's almost two am."

"It's a non-alcoholic cocktail - or a mocktail as it's called," he said drily, holding it out to her with a compelling look. "Drink."

Kate sighed and then obediently took a gulp. It had a refreshing taste of the Mojito without the alcohol. Realizing she really was thirsty, she took more sips, glad she could relax even if for a few more minutes before she had to go. She rose from her chair to pace over to the picture window. For the first time, she took in the view and saw how beautiful the city looked from here. She thought of going back to her dreary though homely apartment - her overall dreary life. But wanting to stay, she knew, would be the biggest mistake.

"It's gorgeous, isn't it?" Gage asked from behind her. She didn't turn around though she felt him standing just inches away. "It was in a hotel suite like this one that I wrote my latest album. Recorded all twelve songs holed up in a hotel in Brussels within a month. It was crazy." He chuckled.

Kate had remembered reading about that. She also knew that his newest album was also his most successful to date. People couldn't seem to have enough of Gage Stevens. Not that she could blame them...

She turned slightly when she felt his arm reach round to take her empty glass. Seconds later, his hands were on her shoulders, the fingers digging into her flesh. Kate closed her eyes, and inhaled...exhaled.

"It's late. Why don't you stay. With me."

His famously raspy voice sent a rush of sensation over her nape and made her whole body tingle with the want. It had been so long for her...months even. She hadn't met anyone lately that she was interested in dating, and she definitely wasn't into one-night stands with strangers or hook-ups.

But here, with Gage, it wouldn't be so bad, would it? At least they'd know the score. At least, she'd know that she was simply taking the place of which ever groupie or groupies who would have been the ones lucky to be alone with Gage right now.

"You mean, stay and share your bed, right?" Kate asked with a trace of bitterness.

"If not for old times' sake...then because it's the right place and time," he said huskily. "And because you want to. It's all you've wanted since we kissed in my dressing room; I know. It's certainly all I've wanted since you walked in the f**king door."

Kate gasped as his hand now closed around her throat in a possessive grasp, his lips close to her ear.

"You look the same...you even smell the same," he whispered, his sweet breath teasing her nostrils. "Now I'm dying to find out if you feel the same, too."

There was a buzzing in Kate's every nerve cell as she felt Gage's tongue tease her lobe while his fingers deftly unbuttoned her blouse. In seconds, he was pushing down the cups of her bra and letting her bouncy tits spill into his hands. He groaned deep in his throat and Kate couldn't hold back her whimper of pleasure even as she said his name in protest.

He merely squeezed harder, pushing her tits together as he massaged the full flesh. His breath had quickened and for a few moments, Kate let herself savor the sensation of Gage's hands on her; his lips pressing to the sensitive skin beneath her ear. The feelings made her tremble.

"Do you know what it does to a man? To feel these beautifully heavy br**sts in my palm...to inhale the sweet scent of cinnamon and rose oil in your hair...Your sensuous perfume...Unforgettable, comforting - and yet maddening all at once. I swore I would never feel this way...not for you, Kate. I never believed I could ever want you again. Like this - like I could rip your clothes off and f**k you where you stand. Just back you up against the wall, wrap your legs around me and..."

He broke off with a harsh breath, his fingers suddenly hitching on her n**ples. Clamping them both in his thumb and index finger, he pulled, making her moan out loud in sensual torment.

"I want you to stay," he said, a feral edge to his firm tone. "I want your passion, your moist, hidden heat. I want you to give yourself to me like the past five years never happened."

"But it did," Kate said, her voice cracking with anger at herself and him as she brushed his hands away and scooped her top together, whipping round to face him with glowering eyes.

Ignoring the tingling ache in her br**sts, that begged for his touch, his lips, she bit out, "I guess because you're a rock star, gorgeous and available, I should automatically jump into your bed after five whole years? I told you many times before, Gage. This is just a job to me. I can't...I can't let it be anything more. Not when I know it could have been anyone. It's not truly me you want; you just want a body to satisfy your needs with. I'll be just another faceless lover, forgotten even before you woke up the next morning and find me gone."

"Same old Kate," he said drily, pushing his hands through his hair in that way that sent the long dark locks tumbling with even sexier disarray around his handsome face.

"You just have to intellectualize everything. It isn't enough for you to know that even after the way you left me...even with what happened between us, I still want you so bad I'm shaking with it."

Sighing harshly as if angry with the admission, he gritted out, "But you're right; this is a bad idea. And far be it from me to force you or anyone into my bed." He nodded briefly, then turned away and headed for the phone. "I'll get the chauffeur to take you wherever you want to go."

* * *

Kate didn't want to go.

Gage's back was turned to her and she drank in the picture of his broad, tall frame with that gorgeous dark hair tumbling over his shoulders. His h*ps in those jeans and that tight, manly ass...an ache as strong and old as time ripped through the juncture in her thighs. She took a step forward, and then another as she saw him pick up the phone and thumb a few numbers.

Her hand fell tentatively on his back, and she felt him stiffen. He twisted around to look into her eyes, and she heard his breath catch as he noted the fiery invitation she could no longer conceal.

With a low growl, he tossed aside the phone and grabbed her in his arms. His lips found hers in an eating, open-mouthed kiss filled with wet, hungry fire.

He swore underneath his breath, his arms like steel bands around her waist as he lifted her off the ground and walked her backwards, straight into the bedroom beyond. Kate gasped out loud as he suddenly tossed her on the bed. Rising off her back, she bit on her lip as he started to rip off his clothes.

"Strip, Kate. Now. Or I swear I'll f**k you straight through those jeans," Gage rasped. Fingers trembling, Kate quickly complied by unbuttoning and shoving her jeans down her legs. She saw his eyes blaze as he saw her silky red panties. Gage had always loved her wearing red silk. Had she subconsciously worn this particular pair in the hope that this would happen? It seemed far-fetched even for her but the lust-bitten Kate couldn't rule out that possibility.

She shrugged off her unbuttoned top and next, tore off her bra. Now left in just her panties, she leaned back on her elbows and watched Gage kick out of his boxer briefs, leaving his lithe, sexy frame nak*d.

Kate had never seen a man with a body so beautiful. Like it was lovingly carved from marble, his every muscle stood out in ripped perfection. His skin glowed in the golden lights from the lamps in the bedroom. There was symmetry in his ever line and the dark hairs dusting his lower belly led a tempting trail to his c*ck which sprung thick and long with a slight upward curve that made her mouth water.

He was soon pressing her down into the mattress with his welcome weight. His hands linked with hers and were pinned on either side of her head.

"Let me taste of you again," he gruffed with lips tangling against hers. "Like I've only done in my dreams. You've haunted me, Kate. Just when I think I've finally got you out of my mind...you come back. And once again you wish to bring me to my knees."

Kate tried to shake her head, only to gasp as he bit gently into her bottom lip. He ground into her with his lower body, and she felt the surging pulse of his c*ck against her inner thigh. Instinctively, she pushed her legs further apart.

"Yes," he said on a groan, settling within her thighs. Plucking away from her mouth, his mouth trekked its way down her throat to her br**sts which were upturned and rounded by the way her arms were pinned up on either side of her.

"Beautiful. So...beautiful," he breathed against the swell of one breast, before running his tongue to trace the crinkling coin of her nipple. Kate gasped and arched against him. "Peaches..." he murmured, biting lustily into her flesh, before running the flat of his tongue over the same spot, "...And cream."

Kate could hear herself moaning, unable to stop while he journeyed further down to the gentle swell of her belly. His head was soon settled in the midst of her thighs and he inhaled deeply, a shuddering sigh escaping him.

"Ambrosia must have been made of what lies within these pink, swollen petals," Gage said, right before he began to feast upon her like a man possessed. Kate clawed at the sheets as his tongue slapped even more slickness unto her sodden folds. He sucked on her cl*t and tugged upon the lips of her vulva, groaning deep in his throat.

"Spread yourself wide for me, baby," he commanded, and Kate instinctively lowered her fingers to her cunt, parting her lips in the way she remembered so well how he liked.

Her middle and index fingers formed a 'v', spreading her p**sy apart so that the pink, moist flesh glistened into sight.

"So pink and perfect," Gage groaned, as he lapped the soft, inviting tissues with his tongue. Kate's pelvis bucked, her nerve endings coming to life with lightning quickness. His tongue jabbed deep inside her, bringing her arousal to a swelling, melting pitch. A warm current of lust wafted back and forth within her walls as Gage tongue-fucked her, plucking at her mound and flickering at her clitoris in turns. She was breathless from screeching.

"Oh, Gage, you're...oh my goodness, that's..." She babbled, feeling him tease her core with masterful enjoyment.

"That's it, baby," he said hoarsely, running his tongue along her slit from top to bottom and then from side to side. "Melt for me. I want to drive you crazy with just my tongue."

"Yes, please....yes," Kate moaned, her h*ps undulating helplessly till he clamped her thighs with each hand, holding her down as he expertly sent the blade of ecstasy slicing her almost in half. She was screaming his name through gritted teeth as she suddenly came, spraying her juices of delight upon Gage's waiting tongue. He groaned deeply in approval, lapping up every drop and making her spasms even more intensified, as his tongue never stopped dancing over her pleasure points.

"Fucking fantastic," he growled, nuzzling the softness of her sex with the lower half of his face. "You can be my drug, Kate. I wouldn't mind getting strung out on you." He gave her pink inner lips one last, lingering kiss before he straightened his frame over hers, seeking and finding her mouth.

Still half-dazed by her monumental cli**x, Kate whimpered as her musky taste was injected into her from his lips and tongue. She sucked on his wetness, hearing his feral groan of pleasure and feeling an answering jolt of arousal tear into her. Already, she was on fire for him, again. After five years, they were now nak*d, together - in bed. And her body just couldn't seem to get enough.

"Do you want to f**k me, rock star?" she asked breathily, her mouth open and sultry against his. His harsh breathing filled her ears like music. She remembered well how he liked her to talk dirty. Back then she'd been too shy, but now...she was a grown ass woman and she wasn't the strait-laced Kate Preston he used to know. Not tonight, anyway.

"Hell yeah I do," he gruffed, burying his face in her throat and nicking her with his teeth before sucking hard on the same spot, making her squirm. "I could never resist you, Kate. Damn right I want to f**k you."

"But first, I need you in my mouth," she moaned, biting on her lower lip sensuously as her body rippled beneath his hard, heavy heat. "I want your big fat c*ck sliding in and out of my lips, Gage."

"Aw, fuck. Kate." He groaned, but he was moving. Sliding up on his knees beside her, before cupping the back of her head and guiding it to where his c*ck reared proud and thick. He was swollen and heavy, the vein beneath his shaft was long and raised, pulsing beneath the finger she placed against it. Her eyes wide with awe, she licked her lips, not peeling her gaze from his carved crown with its purple tip and its slit gleaming with pr**um.

Kate loved his body; it was so fit and just like that of a competitive swimmer's; all narrow waist and strong, muscled thighs. Perfect abs and pecs that felt good beneath her hands as she caressed them over his skin. Impulsive, incredibly aroused, Kate reached up to lick the skin of his chest, lingering close to his n**ples and running her tongue around one before shifting to the other. She felt his fingers grip her hair and tug on the roots, making her whimper. She flicked the tip of her tongue over his copper-colored nub, making him groan deep in his throat. Then she pressed warm, soft kisses upon his perfectly ridged abs, and heard his sharp intake of breath as she travelled lower.

Finally, she focused on the beautiful c*ck before her, her mouth just inches from its mushroom cap. He was so hard and hot in her hand as she circled his immense girth with her fingers. She couldn't help but tell him how beautiful his c*ck was, and how much she wanted it filling her mouth to the brim - and then doing the same for her p**sy.

Her raunchy words made him groan and he wrapped her long red locks around his wrists, using the strands as handle bars to urge her lips even closer.

Needing no further instruction, Kate opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue to lick at him like a lollipop. His growl of approval spurred her on. Hungrily, she sucked on his cap, humming when she tasted drops of his manly essence. Saliva spilled from her wide-open lips, wetting his glans and whetting her appetite.

Closing her eyes blissfully, she sucked him partway down, her lips snug around his width as her tongue worked wickedly within. Her other hand reached up and cupped his balls, stroking them into tight, swollen orbs while she tried to stuff more of his thickness down her throat.

"Kate...ah, Kate. You naughty girl," Gage gasped in delight as she began to bob back and forth, tugging on his turgid flesh with her slippery lips. Inch by inch, she insinuated her mouth further down his shaft till she was gagging from it. He was jabbing at her throat as he began a steady face-fuck, the room filling with lewd noises of sucking and dribbling.

Gage gripped tighter on her hair, making her scalp tingle with agonizing pleasure. He used her mouth roughly, throat-f**king her with a sudden burst of intensity that had her almost blacking out. And then he was pulling away from her mouth, giving her room to gasp in air as his deep rumble of lust filled the air.

"No more torture, babe; you'll have me exploding too soon." His voice was hardly recognizable, and he surprised her when he grabbed her ankles and drew her to the edge of the bed. She was caught between a gasp and a giggle as he positioned himself standing right between her legs, which he raised high to rest her foot on each shoulder. Exposed totally to him by this position, Kate could only throw her arms back and arc her spine off the bed in wanton submission.

"Damn you are so f**king sexy," Gage muttered, staring hard at her as her hair spilled out over the sheets, her body flushed with pink eagerness.

"Take me, Gage. Rock my world," Kate urged in a whispery tone, her eyes holding his for a time-warping moment. She watched as he fisted his thick long c*ck and lined in to her quivering slit. He brush-stroked the cap over her sex, causing the moistness to drip faster and more copiously. They both groaned.

The lights in her eyes dimmed and there was a shaking in her limbs as Gage slid his length halfway into her snatch. Her wetness welcomed him with a smooth, purposeful entry that had them both gasping. He was big, lord he was so big. He filled her tightness to overflowing, making her yelp at the stretching sensation. Pleasure from pain...such a potent equation

Kate's fingers clenched tighter on the sheets and with a grunt, Gage suddenly slammed in to the hilt with a drilling force. Kate cried out in ecstasy...

* * *

Shooting from the pillows with a gasp, Kate came awake. Her whole body was shivering and there was a strange ache in her deepest womb. Blinking, she placed her hand against her belly as she went over that long, heated dream - one of many she'd been having lately.

Fantasies of being taken by Gage had filled her every sleeping moment ever since that night weeks ago. He'd rung the chauffeur whom Kate found waiting at the front of the hotel to take her home. Riding in the back of the limo, she'd closed her eyes and seen the image of Gage's face; his slightly mocking smile as he'd said goodnight.

"We could have made such beautiful music together," he'd said. "Too bad we were much too good at saying goodbye..."

Suddenly, she remembered that those were the lyrics to one of his hit songs. A song about heartbreak, despair and destruction. His music had always been so poignant yet strangely comforting. Because somehow, knowing that someone out there understood your pain and sang about it, made it seem like you were not alone.

Kate felt the loneliest she'd ever been though, as the driver took her farther away from Gage. It was three a.m. when she finally let herself into her apartment. She peeled out of her clothes and padded into the bathroom, knowing a warm shower would help her sleep after such an eventful night. The concert, the backstage meet and greet, and finally the after party at the hotel bar and then up in Gage's room. She thought of Gage's stirring words of desire...I want you to stay. I want your heat, your passion...

Kate shuddered beneath the warm spray, hugging her arms about her frame as she felt tears sting and mingle with the cascade falling down her face.

* * *

Now, weeks later, Kate was faced with even more of a dilemma. She arrived at work to be told by her boss that there was "good news".

The article had been a success; that much Kate knew. It had felt anti-climatic when the issue had come out a week ago to rave reviews about her Gage Stevens feature. Her employers for one had been thrilled by the outcome.

"You wrote with such heart," said Ursula, the editor-in-chief. "I could feel you two's connection in every line. I'm glad now we took the decision to give you the interview. You showed more spunk and vibrancy in this one article than in all your other writing for this magazine combined. Which is the basis of why you're getting this next assignment."

"What assignment?" Kate asked, already dreading what was coming. Turned out her every misgiving was correct.

Now they wanted to force her into yet another awkward situation. She was to travel on tour with Gage, documenting the experience.

Kate's first, spurring instinct was to refuse the task - an option she knew she dared not attempt. For one thing, Ursula was taking the Gage Stevens matter very seriously - so seriously, that she was asking Kate to drop every other project and focus on getting ready for the tour commencing in a week's time.

"I've talked to Gage Stevens' people and they're totally down with the whole thing. They loved the article you did on their client and fully intend to give you - and in essence, our magazine, plenty of exclusive scoops. You can't mess this up, Kate."

"The thing is...well, for personal reasons, I..."

Ursula held her gaze shrewdly. "I think I know where you're going Kate. I must ask you though how much you value your career."

Ursula sighed deeply. "For months now, we haven't really been impressed with your productivity. This might be your big chance to finally prove yourself. Don't blow it. Or else I'm afraid there might no longer be a place for you at Stardom. Just think of it as an exciting adventure that will be over before you even know it. This is a very competitive and unforgiving industry, Kate. You really don't want to be messing up this far into your career. You understand that you have to do whatever it takes to make this Gage Stevens project a success?"

"Yes, I understand," Kate said, and it was like tumbling into a fish net. Whatever it takes...she understood that phrase quite well but had never had to actually be subjected to obeying it. Looked like she was about to face even more work-related as well as emotional challenges.

Most tormenting of all was the thought of having to face Gage again considering how much he occupied her every free thought. In her dreams, he made love to her and brought her to a passionate surrender. His supple, beautiful guitarist's hands played her fleshly strings with delicate ferocity.

All her past memories of lying in his arms had intensified to sense-numbing clarity now that the years had turned full circle. How would she be able to stand being close to him in the next several weeks? Show after show, groupie galore, the drinking, the partying, and the wild sex? Kate knew all about such goings on, had glimpsed a fraction of such that one night when she'd met Gage again. And now she was going to have to go over it one more time....

* * *

If this is a dream, don't freaking wake me up.

Gage knew he was staring but for the life of him he couldn't look away.

Kate, in a skirt. Her long, stocking-clad legs elegantly stepping out of the limo that had picked her up and brought her to meet them where the tour bus was waiting.

In broad daylight, her creamy complexion and dazzling red hair made her look stunning.

Like a perfect cover model. Gage had dated them all: movie stars, Victoria Secret Angels, and international beauty queens. But Kate stood out for her lushness; her obvious cluelessness of what a package she brought to the table.

He was surprised to see she made it. He'd been so sure she'd refuse to do the assignment. Why would she want to be holed up with him and his entourage for the next one month of touring six cities? She wasn't that much of a rock fan he knew - and she was certainly no fan of his, he thought wryly.

Obviously, her employers were very persuasive to make her want to spend any more time around him.

Gage however knew that though she could act like it was just his imagination, there was still that spark between them. It wasn't something that could be wished away no matter how hard he tried. And God help him, how he'd tried. He didn't want to want this woman. She infuriated him with the way she seemed to look down her nose at him even now, when he was worth more money than he knew how to spend.

She had a tentative smile on her face as she walked up to him, and he drew in a calming breath. He was done feeling mad over Kate Preston.

Sure, she'd dumped him in cold blood and never looked back. He could still remember how bad it used to be. Back in those days when he and his former band had tried to make demo EPs that would hopefully catch a label's attention. When they'd spent nights opening for other bands, sleeping on the floor of tour buses of the main acts and just doing anything to get themselves out there. Gage could never forget having to cook food off a gas grill while in an empty warehouse and not being bothered because well, he was too much of a lifer. He couldn't let anything bring him down - even though each night had him groaning silently in pain at the thought that he'd lost Kate and that she'd never even cared.

After Kate had left him it had been really ghastly for a few weeks. He'd felt the pain like shrapnel permanently lodged in his heart. But that agony had soon spurred his creative juices and one night, half-drunk and unable to sleep, he'd started writing. And didn't stop till forty-eight hours of no sleep and food had passed.

A week later, a couple of those written songs were performed at one of the house gigs his band usually played at.

Somehow, a video of it got put on YouTube. Next thing Gage knew, he was getting a call from Theo Banks, who co-owned Bankable Records. He told Gage someone had referred him to the video of their performance and he'd like to meet Gage. Just Gage, not the band.

It all seemed like part of a fairytale now. Gage could never forget how it had felt, finally finding out that Banks wanted to sign him on, only him, as a solo act. When Theo discovered that Gage had written all the songs, he was sincerely impressed. He promised to set Gage up with a carefully selected band set of his own. But he had to break off from his group, make a fresh start.

Gage had had to fight down the guilt for having to let go of his old band. After all, they were his best friends, his brothers. But even the group had known that artistically, they'd reached their collective dead-end. They finally agreed to split up and find their own way, and from what Gage later heard of them, a few had gone on to form other bands and one or two had thriving solo careers in the indie circles.

In the end, Gage's decision to go solo paid off. He recorded the album and in less than a year it was certified gold; had topped every list and spawned a few imitators that still hadn't managed to reach even his waist level of success and quality after five years in the business.

Music critics had called that first album a game changer that could be considered a soundtrack not just for the indie rock set but for the other music genres linked to punk, metal or classic rock.

Nothing could compare to being respected for his art, which Gage took very seriously. He'd been able to prove to himself that his dream had been worthwhile after all. He'd also shown his parents and all those who'd doubted him - including Kate - how far one could go if you just kept faith.

Meeting Kate's guarded expression, Gage now wondered what it was about her that still drew him, after so long.

That night of his last show had been eye opening. Asking her to stay, to give him her body and take them back in time to when it had all felt like magic...Gage knew he must have been crazy. And yet he'd wanted her so bad it had made him almost forget what she'd done to him. Almost.

Deciding to pick on her cue, he strapped on a charming grin that made her blink in the sunlight that burst behind him.

"Kate. Ready to road trip?"

"Yeah, I guess. Live hard, rock on and all that," she muttered, that fixed smile still on her face.

As she strode past him to speak to a few of the roadies who were loading up the bus, Gage got a whiff of her perfume.

It almost had him staggering on his feet and he felt like he needed to sit down for a moment. Fuck, fuck, and fuck! How could she still do that to him? How could just her scent make his dick so hard it could rip a hole in his pants?

He shoved a hand through his hair and gritted his teeth. There was nothing for it. This demon inside him had to be exorcised. It was obvious that he and Kate Preston had a lot of unfinished business, and there was only one way to get her finally out of his system.

Come hell or high water, Gage decided; he was going to get his becoming ex into his bed and it wouldn't be too soon. And hopefully then, he'd be free of this fixation he had with the one woman who'd ever made him bleed...

* * *

Kate was far more comfortable with her conservative side - the one she let out for the public. She knew that people generally thought her uptight, but she wasn't really. However, even she knew that for this assignment, she'd need a total wardrobe upheaval. Even if it was for just a few weeks touring with Gage in six major cities, she certainly wanted to look the part and not stick out like a sore thumb.

Being a magazine journalist meant she was used to working behind the scenes, so to speak. She'd only just started reporting in the music and entertainment section, and after that night of Gage's last gig, she was being thrust into the limelight in the most unexpected way. Now she was getting a bird's eye view of fame and what it took to live the rock star life on the road and then, getting to witness the glory on the stage.

Every show brought a different story. She watched Gage perform and each night she was treated to the brooding masterpiece that was his music. She caught glimpses of him she didn't expect.

When he wanted to, he could play the demanding rock star with his perplexing requests required for each venue they arrived at during his tour. He had to have this and that, to be done this or that way. His "rider" or contract included requests that, Kate had to admit, didn't seem too bizarre compared to other rockers out there in the same industry. True, Gage liked to have particular wines and liquor available, from bottles of Californian Merlot or an Italian Borolo in terms of red wine, and Chardonnay or European Pinot Blanc for white. For his liquor, his rider stated that it had to be Chivas Regal, Stolichnaya vodka or Martell Cordon Bleu cognac.

He also had to have his fine cheeses, high quality chocolate, expensive champagne such as Cristal and Moet. And then there were the aromatherapy candles, fresh papaya juice - and of course, a rock star couldn't well do without his liters of still, glacier water from Australia, right?

Kate knew that the rock venues understood the essentiality of catering to a rock star's intricate needs. After all, keeping a mega-successful musician happy before, during and after the gig ensured quality performance.

Kate already found out that each venue at which they appeared was investing millions of dollars per Gage's appearance. The sheer amounts she got to hear about always made her stagger as she realized exactly what it took to be Gage Stevens.

But then everyone knew he deserved the superstar treatment. Tickets for the tour had sold out within fifteen minutes of going live. And on getting to their first venue in New York, Kate felt like one could easily get trampled to death by the sheer number of fans waiting at the packed arena for their favorite rock star. There was talk by Gage's management of booking more dates and Kate had to fight down the urge to scream.

She was already finding the schedule harrowing. The month-long trip was to involve two-night engagements in New York City, Chicago, LA and Seattle. Anyone in her position would think she'd be over the moon to be spending more time on tour with a well-loved rock star.

But for Kate, it wasn't all about Gage's magnificent, powerfully delivered performances. It was also about the hard partying, the brazen groupie chicks, and the booze.

Kate tried to stay objective as a journalist but she had to admit it hurt to see Gage in that image. It was one that she knew the public expected of him. And yet, she'd always thought she knew the real Gage, the man behind the facade. But he never let her see a glimpse of that man she'd fallen in love with years ago.

* * *

Now Kate got to discover that Gage was controlling and dominating on top of everything else...

A new city. Countless fans lining up for autographs before the night show. Kate met a charming venue intern named Carl. He was very good looking; an enthusiastic rock music fan in his mid-twenties. He was always glad to help no matter how silly Kate's request might seem. For one thing, Kate had zero sense of direction and always seemed to be getting lost in the massive grounds around the arena being set up for the show coming up later. They both got to talking backstage and he'd shyly asked her out for drinks after the show ended.

Kate had been looking forward to spending some time with a local, and away from the band's entourage and travelling groupies. She gladly agreed and Carl's youthful face breaking in a happy grin was a nice reward. He was just a few years younger after all, so she didn't feel like some shameless cougar. Besides, what was one date? She'd be on the road again with the band tomorrow to the next stop so what was wrong with a little harmless flirting with a gorgeous intern who obviously liked her?

Looked like the date thing was never going to happen. It was an hour to the show and she couldn't seem to find Carl anywhere around. She asked one of the roadies putting finishing touches to the stage, and he told her Carl was gone. Fired.

"What? Who's responsible for that?" Kate asked, aghast.

The roadie shrugged. "You'll have to ask Gage."

Kate was bristling. Why on earth would Gage have anything to do with it? Confused and angry, she found her way to the band lounge where Gage was having beers with a few of his band mates, obviously relaxing before their upcoming show.

"We need to talk," she said shortly, eyes pinned on Gage as she stood in front of him defiantly. His eyebrow rose triangular-fashion at her stance. His mates took one look at the situation and decided to give them some privacy. The guys had probably caught on to the tension between Kate and Gage since the tour began. Kate had done all she could to avoid anyone ever knowing about their past relationship, or how hard it was working with Gage knowing what she still felt for him. Sharing the tour bus, being in close proximity with him for hours on end and yet knowing he was out of her reach...it was a strain she'd borne well over the past few weeks but now she'd had enough.

"So talk," Gage said once they were alone, sitting back casually and looking at her.

Kate drew in a breath for calm. "Did you get Carl fired?"

Gage tilted his head. "You mean that geeky intern?"

Kate rolled her eyes. She'd known Gage had noticed them chatting all through yesterday which was day one of their two-day stop in the city. And so what if Carl was geeky? Sure he wore spectacles and had dressed like too much of a preppy type for her taste, but Kate liked geeky. Especially when it came packaged in a charming, handsome frame as Carl's. But of course she couldn't tell Gage that.

"Yes," she bit out. "Please don't tell me you're one of those insufferable diva-type rock stars who take pleasure in just offing minions. What did he do? Spill coffee over your designer leather pants?"

Gage huffed, taking a swig from his beer can. "Maybe I just didn't like seeing him getting fresh with my press aide. He had a job to do and need I remind you that so do you. I think you should focus on that instead of thinking of getting some dimple-faced intern into your bed." He smirked as her cheeks burned.

"Wow! You're the one to talk!" Kate said with an affronted gasp. "I'm not the one f**king a handful of groupies at each stop!"

Christ, he made her so furious! And she hadn't forgotten about the two well-groomed hostesses he'd demanded to be available at each venue - supposedly to assist in serving food at band meals but whom she knew very well served Gage's other needs when required.

"Is that what this is about?" he mused, eyes narrowing speculatively. "I mean, you're a grown woman; obviously you've got urges like anyone else. And lord knows that a week or two constantly on the road can take its toll on one's hormones..."

"Get real," Kate snarled, unable to fess up and tell him that her hormones were well used to getting neglected - thanks to her several months' celibacy. No...it was her constant exposure to him that was getting her "urges" into overdrive.

"Carl just wanted to be friends and you had no right to make him lose his job!" she said angrily.

"Friends?" Gage snorted. "Oh well, obviously you couldn't have heard of Carl bragging to a few of the roadies earlier that he fully intended to get lucky at his date with the "juicy journalist" he was taking out after the gig. Obviously, he meant you. So I guess you should be thanking me - unless you did intend to make his night," Gage said with a smirk she so longed to smack off his handsome face.

Her cheeks were burning pink but she lifted her chin in defiance. "And what if I did? He's cute. I kind of liked him. There's no saying where the night could have led. I do have a thing for dimples, as it happens. It would have been winning situation all round; getting to let off steam from my travels. Carl would have served my purposes very well now that I think of it."

Kate knew she'd pissed him off by the way his eyes gleamed and his nostrils flared, and she smiled thinly, about to turn smartly and leave. She didn't expect him to suddenly grip her arm and yank her down to land unto his laps, where he pinned her with a powerful grip.

"Let me go!" she snapped with fury, squirming and trying to free herself from his hold but he wasn't about to release her anytime soon it seemed.

"Not an option," Gage murmured, arms closing like steel bands around her frame, effectively imprisoning her.

Kate was almost in tears from annoyance and from her exertions. No matter how much she struggled, he was much too strong for her. "You're such a...dictator!" she finally exclaimed, eyes flashing as she turned her head to him. "That poor guy is now without a job because of you! I'll be sure to add that to my article come the end of this tour."

He smiled, not perturbed by her threat. "For one thing, I'm not a dictator. For another, I didn't get him fired. I simply asked that he be taken off duty for the remainder of my stop at this venue. From what I hear, Deftone's holding a concert here in three days - your cute Carl will be back in a job by then."

Kate deflated somewhat at this revelation, but she was still angry. Especially since she was very much still trapped on his lap. "That still didn't give you the right to get rid of him," she muttered.

"I couldn't have anyone distracting you...not when I want you all for myself," Gage said plainly, lifting a hand to run the back of his knuckles down her bare arm.

Kate racked in a breath and stiffened, all the more conscious of the situation; alone with Gage and virtually trapped against him. His touch, silken and possessive, trailing along her skin.

Her eyes jumped to his devilishly handsome face, his dark hair framing his features like a satiny cloak. How she longed to run her fingers through that tempting mane and just indulge in the sensation.

"You can't be serious," she said with difficulty, trying not to shiver as his face drew closer to nuzzle at her neck.

"Oh, you bet I am," growled Gage. "Wanting you is a knee-jerk reaction for me, Kate. And it's not about to go away. I've decided it's time to stop fighting it and just go with how it feels."

Kate's eyes closed and her head almost fell back as his lips pressed warmly to the pulse at the base of her throat. His hand fell on her chest, just above the spot where her heart was going a mile a minute.

"And of course, it's always got to be all about you. I guess whatever Rockstar god Gage Stevens wants, he gets." Despite herself, her tone was chagrined. It irked that he would just assume that just because he desired her, he could automatically get her.

And then she almost forgot how to breathe when his fingertips brushed over the low neckline of her top, tracing the curve of her cl**vage.

"Not always. Sometimes, I get to face rejection like everybody else. But you're not going to say no to me, are you? You're aren't going to stop me when I do this...and this." In turns, he kissed one swell of breast and then the other, the firm flesh rising from the daring bodice of her corset worn for the big show - which was just an hour away or less.

And yet...Kate couldn't deny he was right. He no longer held her down, and she could easily pull away if she wanted to. But she didn't budge. Not even with his hands reaching for her perfectly round br**sts, which he squeezed through the corset. Kate gasped; body tingling as he buried his face within the scented cleft of her mounds and groaned deep in his throat. His fingers tugged down hard on the bodice, freeing a fat pink nipple. Kate bit on her lip as he rolled his tongue around the budding tip, sending volts of pleasure through her system.

Her fingers involuntarily clutched into his messily sexy hair, a whimper of bliss coasting her lips as Gage sealed his mouth around nipple. The result was almost electric, jolting her with shockwaves that made her convulse.

From somewhere deep inside her senses, Kate tried to reason out why this shouldn't be happening. Not here, not now. Not with him.

"We can't do this, Gage," she gasped, while her hands all but guided him closer to her rigid teat, which he pulled from his mouth with a sensuous 'pop'.

"And yet we are doing it," Gage murmured, his tone reassuring yet firm. And filled with an incredible hunger, blended with scorching raw heat. Warmth seeped into her pores and she forced herself to meet his smoldering gaze.

"Come on, babe. Kiss me. Let's go wild. I'm rock-hard enough for you already and damned if I'm going on stage while I'm in f**king heat. Open your mouth, Kate," Gage growled against her trembling lips.

Shamefully, helplessly, Kate's lips parted. His thighs shifted beneath her curvy ass that now ground into his very evident erection. Moaning, Kate opened wide for his rampaging kiss. There was no teasing, no warm-up. He swept his tongue into her moist crevice and plunged in deep. His mouth crushed against hers, lashing that sin-laced tongue against hers as they dueled with sensual abandon.

Gage pushed his hand beneath her corset and palmed her br**sts; kneading with such raw hunger it made her moan into his mouth. He showed no restraint there as well as his fingers tugged on her nipple so hard she felt it deep in her p**sy. It had been so long for her...and his rough, taking touch was just what he needed. She could cum right then from just his kiss and his hands on her tits.

Kate knew she didn't want to spend another night lost in dreams of Gage's lovemaking. Not another lonely fantasy where she wished he would claim her, thrusting his hardness into her mouth before sinking his face between her welcoming thighs.

Urging him on by her whispers of pleasure...begging him to take her with his untamed, consuming passion. To make her explode and then leave her shuddering and shrieking her release...

And here he was, offering her the real thing. A part of him that would last only for a time - but Kate knew it would be worth it.

His mouth peeled from hers before he kissed his way down her arched throat. From somewhere in her lust-filled mind, she heard herself mumble about the show...and of someone coming in and finding them.

"We still have time," Gage rapped, impatiently shoving down the corset and exposing both her swollen-tipped br**sts. He let out a groan of delight even as he muttered, "And no one is going to dare interrupt without knocking." With that, he latched his mouth to her nipple, and Kate immediately forgot whatever other protests she might have thought up.

Gage used his mouth on her breast like no other man she'd met ever knew how to do. He made her arch and keen as he suckled her with tongue, lips and teeth manipulating the sensitive bud with animal hunger. She felt his hand lift up the layers of her short skirt, sweeping the panel of her panties aside and touching her sex with bold intent.

Kate gasped, shocked with ecstasy as he strummed her p**sy with deft, seeking fingers. Those expert digits rubbed on her folds before easily finding her cl*t and jockeying it till she was soaking his fingers in juice. The room filled with her moans as sounds from her slippery cunt joined in the concerto.

Gage's breathing was ragged against the side of her heaving breast. "When the time's right...I'm going to stretch your legs as wide as they can go and lick this sweet dripping p**sy till your taste's imprinted on my tongue," he vowed, giving her nipple a hard, passionate nip that had her crying out his name.

He drove her to such levels of need that she would have done anything to keep experiencing the pleasure he brought her. It didn't matter how crazy it was to want him; she did it anyway. And maybe - who knew - there might still be a chance for them. Kate would never have dreamed of hoping for such, but there was no way he could touch her like this and not have the same tumultuous need she had in her heart to bring things back to where they used to be...

"I need you baby. Now," rasped Gage, "I want to be deep inside you when you lift off. Let's take it to the stars together."

As always, he said the words that made a puddle of lust swell in her womb. Her legs were shaking as he positioned her off his laps and unto the couch beside him so that she was lying on her back. Quickly, he unbuttoned his fly and freed his monstrously rigid dick, the tip glistening with his pr**um.

Kate's lips fell open and she was virtually drooling as he grasped the base of his organ and kneeled on the couch before her open legs. Seizing one of her ankles, he pushed it back on her chest, exposing her completely for his invasion.

Suddenly, Gage's c*ck split into her with a daring lover's heedless savagery, her wetness sending him in deeper than she was prepared for on the first thrust. Kate's body froze as pain warred with pleasure for dominance. Her lips parted in a soundless scream and when she met his gaze, she found his eyes tortured with burning, overwhelming lust.

"Forgive me, Kate," he ground out with a wince. "Too long...fuck, I can't hold back."

Kate could barely breath as Gage pushed deep inside of her. His thickness ripped into her tender walls and made her bite so hard on her bottom lip she almost drew blood. She ached to tell him he didn't need to ask forgiveness - because she loved every moment of it.

"Yes...oh, yes. More," she moaned, her arms reaching for him as his h*ps started to piston back and forth. His feral onslaught simply fuelled them both into a fevered pitch. He leaned lower so that her arms could lock around his shoulders as his mouth plucked at her nipple ravenously.

Kate felt amazed how intensely she felt him deep inside her; every rigid inch of him; his silken texture, his powerful heat. She sheathed him snugly, pulsating around his shaft and making him groan deep in his throat. "So tight...you've always been so f**king sweet and tight," Gage said, voice ragged as he suckled harder on her tit.

Her body writhed beneath him, jolted by each exultant thrust. The cadence of his strokes became addictive, making her drench him in more and more slippery juice as his pace quickened impossibly.

Reaching lower around him, Kate cupped his clenching butt cheeks beneath his jeans, squeezing hard till they groaned in unison. He pushed her leg up even higher and slammed so hard into her p**sy that she felt the smack of his balls against her lower flesh.

He was throbbing so strongly inside her that the vibrations alone were liable to set her off. Her senses were filled with so many scents and frictions. He pounded into her with ever-increasing intensity, causing her whole body to quake right to her toes. She didn't know what he did or how he'd shifted, but in an instant he was racking her to the point of explosion as he grated his c*ck against her g-spot.

"Speak my name," he whispered as his lips pressed close to her ear, while he hooked her leg around his hip so that he could weld himself to her even more tightly. Any closer and they'd be conjoined, thought the dazed Kate.

"I want to hear you say it over and over as I take us both to the brink," he instructed gruffly. "I can already feel those tiny little ripples your p**sy makes deep inside when you're close."

"Gage...oh Gage," Kate moaned, her skin flushed with heat and wantonness. Her womb was coiled so tight she felt like she would black out from the pressure. "Yes, I'm close. So close."

"So am I," he said hoarsely as his thrusts moved faster and faster. "Can't do this without you, Kate. Come with me."

And she did. His sudden roar of release was muffled against her neck as he pumped into her again and again, his weight almost crushing her. At the same time, Kate's inner walls contracted in continuous waves as their joint orgasm reverberated through them both.

His name was an echoing cry on her lips as her body shuddered uncontrollably. Something white and blinding erupted in her vision and she arched her spine till her br**sts were mashed against his chest.

Gage was kissing on her neck and lapping at the moisture beading from her fevered pores. Kate could feel the flood of his heat deep inside her belly as his h*ps strained against her. "Kate..." he began on a groan, and then suddenly stopped, as if cutting off what else he was about to say.

Before she could prod further, a loud knocking suddenly sounded on the door. It was Sheldon, his bass guitarist, who was yelling through the door that Gage needed to hurry; they were soon about to go on.

Kate almost cried out in protest at being deprived of savoring the delicious afterglow she felt with Gage, his body still pressing her down into the couch.

She heard him mutter an angry "fuck" before rolling off her. He rose to his feet, doing up his pants quickly as he turned away from her. He shoved his hands through his hair over and over as he seemed to be striving for calm.

Kate couldn't take her eyes off his frame as she too got her clothes in order as much as she could. She knew her hair would be a mess and she'd have to see to it before showing herself in public. Barely able to stand upright, she rose to her feet and brushed her palms down her skirt.

"Gage?"

Her tone was questioning and hesitant, but she didn't expect him to suddenly whirl around, almost nose to nose to her and making her flinch as his eyes burned into hers.

"Two more weeks," he growled, taking hold of her face and stealing one more hard, possessive kiss that made her heart skip. "And in that time, if any man so much as looks at you cross-eyed he's getting his face handed back in a pulp."

He broke away to back off as if to distance himself from grabbing her again, his eyes hooded. "I know I'm not the kind of guy you want...but you can't deny how I make you feel. And you can bet I don't want anyone else putting his hands on you during this tour. So don't think of looking too far the next time you need to stoke the heat between your legs, Kate. Gage Stevens doesn't like to share."

Gage Stevens can go to hell! Kate wanted to howl as Gage strode out of the room and shut the door after him. She could hear voices beyond and knew they were heading straight for the stage where she could faintly hear the sounds of the crowd applauding the opening act's finishing set.

Shame so acute it burned her skin made Kate want to sob. She clutched the hair at her scalp as she berated herself. How could she have been so stupid!

Just what had she expected anyway? A declaration of love from an egotistical rock star? All it had been for Gage was him staking his claim, ensuring that during this tour she belonged to him; his sex doll to be used for his pleasure and his alone.

Kate realized once and for all that she'd be a fool to cultivate wishful thinking where Gage was concerned. Obviously he had zero interest in anything but her body and even at that, only for the duration of his tour. Damn him!

If she had any pride, she'd walk out now. Just take the next plane, train, bus or boat or whatever means necessary to get her out of here, away from Gage's overwhelmingly staggering sexual influence. Because if she stayed, she couldn't say for sure that she could resist him if he touched her again.

So what was it going to be? Stick around and be the rock star's sexual plaything for the next two weeks, or leave and never look back...never know what might have been?

Common sense guided her one way but her heart led her in an entirely different direction. Taking a deep breath, she ran her fingers through her hair, clutching the back of her scalp as she felt the onset of a migraine.

There really wasn't any good reason to agonize over it any further. She knew what she had to do. Forcing herself up on her feet she moved forward, toward an unknown future.

