Once could never be enough.

Kate was angered by Gage's damned arrogance in thinking he could claim rights to her for the rest of the tour. But then, there was a part of her that knew that if she left him now she would always wonder what it might have been if she had only given him a real chance and saw it through. She already wanted more from him than just a one-night stand or even friendship, that much was certain, but she wasn't sure if he was willing to give her what she needed or if she were just a distraction, something to occupy his time as the tour led him throughout the country.

Insecurity, nerves and jealousy wrapped itself around her heart, weighing down any hope she might have allowed herself to indulge in that things could ever work out between them.

Why was she even thinking about anything long-term with Gage, anyway? He was a world famous rocker now, a celebrity beyond anything she would have ever imagined. She had her chance with him years ago and she had let it slip through her fingers. Why would he possibly want to settle down with an ex-girlfriend when he could now have any women he desired? She was simply a ghost from his past, a figure from his memory bank that carried only the weight of having known him before he was famous. Then again, she had also been a non-believer, discouraged him from traveling along the very path that had eventually led him here - to stardom. Surely she would never fit into his new life?

Kate had sworn to herself that she wouldn't give her heart to Gage, and yet she had given her body freely without hesitation. It was as if he could draw her to him against her will, force her to succumb to his every desire with just a gentle touch or a smoldering flicker of his steel-grey eyes. She felt powerless when he was near, as if all of her womanly power had pooled at her feet leaving her as nothing more than a shadow of the fierce, confident woman that she thought herself to be. And now, after a single unexpected night of raw, unbridled passion, she knew that she would be nothing more than a fool to let him have his way with her again, yet she knew herself far too well - if he wanted her, she would be there instantly, ready to be claimed completely, without so much as a moment's thought.

Kate was still fuming as she quickly touched up her makeup and ran her fingers through her thick, glossy hair, before she headed out to watch the concert from backstage. The crowd was roaring its approval, in full support of their idol that knew exactly what they wanted and never failed to deliver. Gage and his band thrashed through set after set and a loud wave of applause followed every wild performance. Standing in awe, watching his every fluid movement, and the careful, passionate way that he graced the stage as if he were making love to every single woman in the crowd, left Kate star struck and breathless. She had doubted him before but she would never do it again. Gage was born to be a star.

It's what they call star quality, she thought, thinking about all of the reality television shows that were based on a nationwide hunt to find the best talent in the country.

Look no further, she smiled to herself, her eyes glued to his brawny figure in wide-eyed appreciation as his sexy, low voice rumbled into the mic.

Gage possessed the same magnetism on stage that had easily drawn her back to him after all of these years, allowing him to slide between her curvy legs and take her on a wild journey to one mind-blowing orgasm after another. It was completely out of character for her to be so...easy - and she would never have allowed that to happen so quickly with any other man. Gage made love with as much intensity as he performed on stage - it was a wonder she'd resisted him this long. But was she really going to let him take her at will for the rest of the tour?

Hell no, Kate swore, chiding herself for even thinking with such reckless abandonment. She wasn't some hormonal teenager who was allowed the luxury of making crazy mistakes. She was a full-grown woman and every decision she made would either help or harm her future in some way. Besides, she wasn't foolish enough to believe that giving herself to Gage once again would be something that she could easily walk away from if it didn't work out.

Not this time. The thoughts breezed through her mind, unable to settle into logic for as long as she watched him, her mind and body was under his complete control, and while she knew better to let herself wander into the realm of devilishly naughty fantasies with Gage, it was easier said than done.

Yes, she'd been weak, longing for a piece of him, just one time. He had felt so good...tasted so incredibly delicious, and it had been years since she had felt the way that he made her feel. His kiss had melted all time and distance between them, leaving her to remember the first time they'd ever touched. And when he'd been inside of her, thrusting into the very core of her womanhood, he made her forget every other lover she'd had after him. The way his breath danced across her neck, tickling her throat before his lips pressed down on hers, claiming them as his own, had left her struggling to breathe. The way he had gripped her waist, squeezed her h*ps and lifted her up to meet the burning heat of his chiseled body, he had so easily erased any shadow of passion she'd ever felt for another, and replaced it with his branding sensual fervor. Her body ached from his savage claiming. Forgive me, he'd said. I can't hold back. It's been so long...

Gage had been right to say those words. It had been long, far too long since her body had enjoyed such a thorough invasion and he had made her come alive in ways that she had never expected. Every hard thrust had vibrated through her with such bold intensity that it felt as though he were trying to imprint himself within every inch of her soul. It had been such sweet agony to feel him roughly drive his way in and out of her quivering body, and while she wanted to regain control of her senses, she had allowed herself to get lost in the madness, and to give in to her desperate desire to be taken, claimed, loved and wanted so completely.

"I want to feel myself buried deep inside of you," he had growled into her ear, his low, sexy voice electrifying her body, causing every muscle to tighten.

It was all so deliciously good, yet so very wrong but he'd made it clear that he expected to do it again, and again. For as long as the tour lasted.

But Kate decided that Gage didn't own her and never had. She knew her job with the magazine hung on the balance - and it was true that they both had a history but Gage obviously didn't think much of it. If she'd meant anything at all to him in the past, he'd treat her with more respect and not like a sex toy hired for his use.

Gage played his final solo, and the arena filled with the roar of the multitude of fans. He'd since discarded his shirt and now with his hair slick and dark, Kate couldn't tear her eyes away from him. His torso was like a masterpiece of taut, rippling muscle, golden-toned beneath the lights of the stage. Each ridge on his abdomen was so well defined it made her fingers itch to touch them, trace them, kiss them.

Kate bit on her bottom lip in frustration. That one night together had only served to intensify the hunger that burned in her heart for him and she knew it. She still wanted him - wanted him so much more than she ever thought possible. Her mind went blank for a moment as she allowed her desire to float in the air, thinking only of how badly she craved his touch. She could lie to herself all she wanted to, and she could pretend that she could say no to him if needed - but she knew that Gage was the greatest temptation of her life and she'd never have the strength or desire to resist.

* * *

With a woman like Kate, once could never be enough.

Gage left the stage and all that remained on his mind wasn't the multitude of fans and the screaming crowd he left behind, but the woman he'd claimed just hours ago. That one time together had proven only one thing - Kate wouldn't be so easy to get out of his system.

She was so different from any woman he'd dated before or since. He could never forget that first night he had caught sight of her, dancing in the crowd in a small club where he'd been performing with his band. She'd stood out with her curvy, buxom frame and clear, sparkling eyes. It had been obvious to him that she was feeling the songs, not just listening to them and while she far more timid than most of the women he had dated, there was something about her that stood out to him almost immediately, and he hadn't been able to shake the feeling that they were meant to meet. He couldn't wait for the set to end so he could seek her out, and then when he had, they instantly connected, as if they had known each other for years. Kate had a wicked sense of humor, not afraid to speak her mind and Gage found it a refreshing change from the women who simply followed him around as if they were nothing more than brainless groupies. From that day on they were inseparable.

His friends and band mates never really understood what he had seen in Kate or how she was able to have such a hold on the wild child who up until then hadn't been able to settle down with anyone for long.

"She's quite... curvy," one had said, nudging him with his elbow as if he were in on some inside joke. But Gage didn't find any of it funny and while he knew that she would be considered a 'plus size' girl by fashion standards, in his eyes she was simply perfect. Every last sultry curve and the fullness of her br**sts and h*ps gave her an allure that few other women had. And she still had every curve in all of the places that he remembered. There was no doubt about it - Kate Preston was and remained a beautiful, confident and intelligent woman and even though Gage was a world-famous rocker, this woman had the power to make him question everything about his life.

He'd told her earlier that he knew he was far from her type - that he knew she wouldn't want to be with a restless man like him. What, with females throwing themselves at him left and right? The party-animal facade that he was forced to portray and the endless media buzz that followed him everywhere he went, invading his privacy and making it impossible to have anything that was only his? It would be no wonder if she preferred a man more 'grounded' who could offer her the good, simple life. Someone who would wake up right next to her every single morning, and who would return to her every night to wrap her in his arms and offer comfort and assurance. She'd be far better off with a serious, settled-down type with a job that brought him home every night than a man caught up in a whirlwind of madness, shuttled from one city to the next, a line of blurry light, where he couldn't even be sure where he was from day to day.

Anyone else would be perfect for her. Anyone but him, Gage thought as he exited the stage, immediately surrounded by his handlers and followed by his band members and the ever-present groupies. It didn't really matter to him if Kate still thought he was no good for her, despite the fame and fortune. What mattered was how he felt when he touched her, the way his heart exploded when he was inside of her, and most importantly, the way she made him come alive inside as if the world were suddenly brighter, suddenly clearer.

They had made love expecting nothing more from one another than complete surrender, and no one else mattered when they were together. And dammit, now that he'd gotten her back in his life he was going to get his fill of the beautifully curvy Kate Preston. No matter how long it took - or how many times he had to take her...he'd do it again and again until she would become just another faded memory - incapable of tearing him down.

Maybe then he could finally knock her down from the pedestal he had put her on for so many years and get on with his life.

* * *

Gage's cockiness reached new heights if his latest demands were anything to go by. They'd just finished another successful concert and Kate was busy conducting interviews from staff and crew. With so much happening all at once they hadn't had another chance to be together and it was now going on three days. Surprisingly, and of much concern to Kate, Gage hadn't even attempted to get her into his bed again but she was hell bent on hiding her disappointment. She had a job to do, after all, and a lot to prove to both herself and to her boss. Lusting after her sexy ex-boyfriend wasn't going to get her to where she needed to be.

But now there was a dinner being held by one of the biggest DJ's in Europe and Gage wanted her to accompany him - as his date.

"We'll leave once I'm done with signing autographs," he told her lightly. "One of the road crew will take you out back to the limo where you'll wait for me."

"Do I really have to?" Kate said with a stony expression. "It sounds like a private event and I wouldn't want to be..."

"It's true that Chase Stone is an old pal but he's also a professional acquaintance. He wants to discuss a compilation of all of my top singles. I'm not sure if you've ever heard of him but Chase is known in the business for making killer mixes. Sometimes, the release actually tops sales of the original release. It's always great to keep the fans happy with fresh spins of their favorite songs from my albums."

"Wow, it sounds great, Gage. I just thought that maybe you'd be better off seen at the event with one of those socialites. You know, the type of girl your band mates keep sneaking into your dressing room as if no one notices," Kate said with derision.

Gage's eyes narrowed. "Really, Kate? I think it's about time that you stop believing that I'm everything my lifestyle portrays me to be. Most of it is just created by my PR agent. People expect it of me - doesn't necessarily mean I actually live by that creed."

"You're right. I'm sorry, Gage...but you don't need to explain anything to me. It's really none of my business."

His lips thinned for a moment before his hand slipped around her elbow. "I think I made my point clear the other night, didn't I?" His voice was low and rough as he added, "On this tour, I'm expecting you to do exactly as I ask. No more, no less. Otherwise the whole agreement is off. I had people from Rolling Stone magazine wanting exclusive coverage of the entire tour, but I turned them down so that I could offer it to you instead, and why? Not just for old times' sake, sweetheart. But for the chance to have you whenever and however I want. So if that means that I want you to be my date for a damned dinner party, then whether you like it or not, that's what you'll be."

Kate tried to tug her arm from his grip but it was too strong. Gritting her teeth, she snarled, "I could walk away from this right now, Gage. If it costs me my job, so be it. I'm getting tired of you thinking that you have the right to use me however you please. I really don't need this."

Kate turned to leave him but was startled when he reached out and pulled her against him, his hand sliding up her thigh, brushing over her hip to grip the curve of her waist.

"What you need was never part of the agreement," Gage snapped, his eyes stormy, his jaw rigid. "We both know you stopped needing me a long time ago, Kate." His eyes and smile were fused with hurt and anger and it made her bristle. "Right now, what should matter to you are my needs. And you may like to think that you could walk away from it all so easily, but we both know that's not true. Your career is everything to you and from what I've heard, while you've worked hard to get to where you are, your industry is just as cutthroat as mine is. One mistake, such as losing out on an exclusive with me, and you'll be quickly replaced with the next celeb-chasing hound dog that's all too eager to be thrown a bone. So, tell me Kate Preston, do you really want to do this?"

Kate's eyes were glistening and she felt her body quiver beneath his strong grip. She swallowed down the lump that had formed in her throat as painful memories of the past rose to the surface like air bubbles. His words pricked her pride because they were true. She could be easily replaced if she didn't deliver, and she wondered how much he really knew or how closely he had followed her career. Swallowing nervously, she raised her head to search his face for clues as to how far he was willing to go with this, yet his expression gave nothing away. She thought about how this all came to be, and how she had been working so hard for a job that could easily be swept out from under her feet, without a moment's notice. She had only been given the chance to interview and follow Gage's tour not because she was some in-demand journalist, but because of her connection to him. There were many other seasoned reporters her company could have sent to do the job - and her bosses had never let her forget it.

Kate had worked hard at her career from the very beginning, but the truth was, her heart had never really been in it. She'd pursued the journalism path out of necessity because it had offered solid prospects at a time when she wasn't really sure what she wanted to do with her life. She'd always believed that hard work and dedication would bring you success even if it were for a career that she didn't feel she was destined for. Still, having grown up in a family where she felt the sting of watching her parents struggle just to make ends meet, she wasn't one to turn down an opportunity, even if it led her away from her dreams.

But now Kate thought about how Gage had once told her, many years ago, about success and happiness being all about passion and zest for life, not just going through the motions and certainly not living a lie. His words had never rung more true till now.

Watching him perform in front of screaming fans, doing what he loved to do...what he was born to do, had opened her eyes to the truth. She wasn't happy with her career and while she had always been the type to do the responsible, practical thing, she envied Gage's free spirit and how despite all odds, he pursued his dream and now it was his reality.

She wished she had done the same...had the same faith in herself that he once had in her. Faith that she had never returned to him when he was begging her for only one thing - to believe in him.

His lips now pressing against her neck snapped her back to reality, and she looked up at him to see desire crinkling the corners of his eyes.

"So, what's it gonna be, Kate?" Jaw flexed, his lips curled into a smile that sent a burst of heat to the apex between her legs. That bad-boy smile would have melted even the most frozen of hearts and Kate found herself simply nodding, not trusting herself to speak.

"Good," he replied in a gentle whisper, his lips grazing her forehead, his warm breath fluttering across her cheeks to her neck.

Shivering in delight, she simply allowed herself to curl against him, her head nestled in the crook of his broad shoulder, her hand pressed tightly against his chest.

Oh yeah, she was under his spell all right, and she knew there was no going back.

* * *

When he caught sight of her, dressed in a short, black leather skirt that hugged her ample h*ps and showed off her shapely thighs, matched with a fitted low-cut turquoise t-shirt that emphasized her oversized br**sts, he found himself fighting the incredible urge to rip her clothes from her body and ravish her like a wild animal in heat. She was absolutely stunning, and he tried to stop the powerful torrent of emotions and memories that washed over him but he couldn't stop his c*ck from stiffening at the alluring sight of her and the seductive way she moved toward him.

"You look amazing", he had said, desire jolting through his body, but he simply took her hand in his and guided her to the waiting limo. Before long they were pulling up to the gated drive.

Chase Stone owned a sprawling three-story condo in the heart of the city - just the kind of home one would expect from an internationally acclaimed DJ who'd worked with the top recording artists in the music industry. Everyone either wanted to know Chase, or be Chase. Just one look at him, and it was clear that he was also incredibly good looking with his flaxen hair, piercing blue eyes, and hot as sin Australian accent.

By the time the band arrived at the party it was already in full swing, with celebrities huddled in corners gossiping, party girls and socialites drinking up a storm and men from different sectors of the music industry throwing back shots, followed by a constant roar of laughter.

A self-conscious Kate appeared on Gage's arm. She prayed that there wouldn't be any paparazzi lurking in the shadows eager to snap their photos, as she wasn't so sure she could possibly handle the burning eyes and barrage of questions that would follow should the public discover them together. Besides, the last thing Kate wanted was for her picture to be splashed all over the tabloids, the headline screaming out to the public that she was nothing more than Gage's latest conquest. Although she had to admit, in her tight shirt and short leather skirt complete with platform peep-toe heels, she certainly looked like a woman befitting of a rockstar.

Chase Stone was a fantastic host and he proudly opened his beautiful home to his friends, grinning from ear to ear as each guest arrived. When he saw Gage, his smile widened and he greeted him with a quick hug, leaning in close to whisper something that brought a roar of laughter from the two men. His jovial demeanor, impeccable sense of style, undeniable good looks and a bank account that would impress even a real estate mogul, it was a surprise to many that he was still single. One of the most eligible bachelors in the country, his status certainly wasn't for lack of options.

Women lined up everywhere he went, eager to meet the man that had led countless artists to the top of the charts. Some called him the "Magic Man" because he could take even a fledgling artist and transform them into the who's who of the music industry. And to top it off, not only did he look like Adonis, with his flaxen hair and bright, clear eyes, he seemed to have the Midas touch in all aspects of business. Always on top of his game, he was eons ahead of other DJ's in his industry and while his chiseled face would quickly soften at the sight of a beautiful woman there was no mistaking the incredible power behind his bluish-steel eyes that glistened with a shiny darkness that made her think the devil lived somewhere in them.

Gage introduced her as his companion, but the way in which his hand slid around her lower back as if he wanted to make sure Chase knew that she was his, wasn't lost on her and she found herself slinking closer to him, allowing herself to feel what it was like to be a beautiful, desired trophy.

"It's very nice to meet you." Chase's voice was a low growl, his bright eyes searing down at her with genuine interest.

Clearing her throat nervously, Kate smiled at the handsome stranger and watched as he gallantly kissed her hand, gently, carefully, his silk lips barely touching her skin before brushing over her curled knuckles.

"You're so beautiful. It's no surprise that Gage has kept you secret." He smiled, his eyes roving appreciatively over her full-figured frame. Kate blushed and had to remind herself that like Gage, Chase was the consummate charmer. Gage chuckled and drew her protectively to his side, and Kate couldn't help but notice how Chase grinned with rakish satisfaction. Obviously there was a darker history between these men and she wondered what the story was.

Before too long, Kate and Gage were seated at Chase's table as dinner was served. The entire room was buzzing with conversation, and each table was treated to a custom five-star menu created specifically for the night's event. Drowning in delectable champagne, Kate was quickly buzzing, the numbness weaving its way down her cheeks to her neck and shoulders. She chastised herself for letting her nerves get the best of her.

Surprisingly the live music playing in the background was more classical than rock, and it gave an elegant ambience to the night filled with singers, DJs, models and industry gods. Sitting next to Chase was what Kate assumed to be his latest conquest - a beautiful swimsuit model that looked as though she were flown to the dinner straight from a runway somewhere in Europe. Kate noticed the curious looks that came her way, as the model surveyed the body language between her and Gage and she knew what she was thinking - how did the likes of her ever land the gorgeous rocker? - and she couldn't help but smile at her with the sweetest expression that she could muster.

Come on, girl. Bring it.

One thing was crystal clear - Gage had absolutely no qualms about being affectionate in public and Kate was secretly thrilled to see how comfortable he was with her even around friends. In fact, it seemed as though he was barely able to keep his hands off of her and as the night wore on, whether it was his arm draping over her shoulder, or his fingers fluttering over her thighs beneath the table, she was very conscious of every touch, every hot flash of breath against her skin and every stamp of ownership that he cast her way. She was also very aware of the way her heart pounded each time she felt his touch and it made her think back to their night together, when her treacherous body betrayed her, willing itself to ignore all rational thought and seek out only what she most desired. To her shame, she also noticed the way her n**ples went sharp and hard against the bodice of her t-shirt, and how her pulse quickened as her breath caught in her throat at the simplest dark glance of desire that he cast her way.

You belong to me and me alone... He didn't have to say it out loud; the words of desire, of ownership, of delicious hunger hung thick in the air between them, igniting a spark that would make every touch feel as though it were burning her skin.

"Come back, Kate."

She blinked at the sound of Gage's gruff voice teasing in her ear. Her head snapped sideways and she met his humorous, hooded gaze. "I must say you seem rather distracted tonight and it makes me wonder..." He leaned in close enough that his lips caught her earlobe. "What it would take to get your full attention."

Kate felt her body grow tight with need, and she sucked in her breath as his lips slid across her soft skin, fluttering over her earlobe, leaving a faint, wet trail of possession down the right side of her neck. He asked no permission, nor did he even pause to make sure that no one was watching them. It was obvious that he simply didn't care.

Forcing her voice to steady itself and thankful that the champagne had given her the edge she needed, Kate pursed her lips as she lifted the glass to her lips casually. "If you'd wanted a woman whose full attention belonged to you and you alone, then you shouldn't have brought me. I'm not so easy, Gage."

"That's not what it felt like when I had your legs spread wide...your tight p**sy wrapped around my cock," Gage murmured low in her ear. Kate could feel her face redden as she stiffened in shock, unsure as to what she should do, not wanting to escape the blazing, uncomfortable heat that engulfed her body from head to toe, yet terrified that she would find herself unable to resist him and force him to take her right then and there.

He chuckled softly at her apparent discomfort, giving her no reprieve even as she squirmed in her seat and hoped to God that no one at the table had heard him. All around them the other guests were chatting and laughing, oblivious to the thick, swollen haze of lust that wrapped itself around the couple.

"Do you know what I'd like to do right now?" Gage whispered once again in her ear, his tone smoky with carnality. Her fists clenched tight on the table, Kate shook her head mutely.

"I really, really want to..." He leaned even closer, his lips brushing her lobe and making her secret inner folds flutter, and causing her to feel as well as hear the rest of his whispered sentence, "...Lick your hot, wet p**sy."

Kate sucked in a strangled breath. Instantly, her n**ples tingled almost painfully beneath her bra and she felt the arc between her legs singe with heat. One flicker of his fingertips across either one and she'd be cli**xing right in her seat.

"I've been thinking about it, especially with how incredibly sexy you look tonight. My face, buried between your beautiful, curvy thighs. Making me go crazy with your sweet, sweet taste," Gage whispered, his lips still brushing her ear with every syllable.

Kate was gasping inaudibly, her eyes pinned on somewhere far beyond anything within her vision and she found herself trembling with desire as he ran his lips down the side of her throat, his teeth biting gently on her neck.

"Please, Gage. People are watching us," Kate whimpered, barely able to speak.

"Let them watch us. The women envy you and the men want to be me. Here, tonight, with the most beautiful woman in the room. They know that as soon as we leave here tonight, it will be my hands squeezing your full curves...my c*ck buried deep inside of you..."

"No," Kate bit out, finally inching from his teasing lips. "Not tonight...and I'm hardly the most beautiful woman in the room."

Gage chuckled, pulling back and throwing his napkin on the table in resignation.

"Yes, you most certainly are, Kate. You are the sexiest woman here and..."

"Yes?" She knew she sounded anxious for him to continue...maybe too anxious, but she couldn't help herself. She was desperate to hear him tell her how he felt about her.

"You are the most beautiful woman that I've ever met. And believe me, I've had many beautiful women."

"I'm sure you have." Frowning, Kate's words spat out in bitter tones and she immediately regretted it.

"Well, it wasn't like you hadn't moved on. Are you trying to tell me that you haven't been with another man since we broke up?" His voice had sobered now and Kate forced herself to look at him, to be consumed by his deep, searing eyes.

Why couldn't he just be cocky, insufferable Gage? Why did he have to say things that struck her deep inside? When she'd confronted him over getting rid of that intern at the last venue, he'd demanded her body like it was his right. And then he'd made it clear that he would do so again, and again. He'd made love to her just before that first concert, and had brought out such intense passion from inside of her that she wanted nothing more than to be with him, even though she knew he was far from the kind of man who would be willing to settle down with just one woman. And now, here he was telling her how beautiful she was in that deep, stirring voice of his that made her want to blush with shyness and bury herself in hope.

But before she could reply, he was turning to Chase who had been waiting for a chance to discuss their upcoming venture, and she was left to her own private thoughts.

Time is running out...

She knew it was true and that once their time together was over it would be back to normal life, worlds apart.

She thought about how he had told her that she needed to separate the man from the image, but she wondered how different the two could really be. A rocker, traveling the dark, lonely road for weeks...months on end. Groupies waiting in the wings at every city, handlers who were all too eager to bring in drugs, alcohol, women...anything and everything needed to numb a broken heart. It was likely that Gage wouldn't think much of her at all once she was gone, and she knew she could never handle his lifestyle, even if he wanted her to be a part of it.

All within the span of a few minutes, champagne burning its cloudy haze into her brain, yet clarity beyond anything she had felt since reuniting with Gage, and she was sure of what she had to do. She would finish the tour, document everything for the magazine as she had agreed to do, and while her body was his for the taking, her heart would be off limits.

Gage Stevens was a true rocker who could never give her what she really needed. All of the fame and fortune in the world wouldn't be enough for her because it couldn't go the distance. It meant nothing. She would just have to face the truth and stop allowing delusion to interfere with reality. They were completely different people who needed very different things. She'd go back to her simple, protected life and let him get back to living large. She only prayed her heart would listen to reason.

***

There was no denying the fact that Gage fully intended to fulfill every sensual promise that he made to Kate. Not one to be easily put off, he didn't let Kate's reluctance dissuade him. He had every faith in his ability to persuade his sexy buxom ex that there was pleasure to be had in his touch and the solid heat of all that he had to offer.

"We could slip out right now," he murmured minutes after he had returned from his private meeting with Chase. Chase Stone's parties were known to last all night and he had no patience when it came to his desire to get Kate alone, and have her all to himself.

Without waiting for a response, Gage led Kate from the opulent dining room intending on making a quick escape before everyone moved to the outdoor patio for drinks. But then Gage suddenly froze as he recognized a sharp-angled face moving in between the small crowd of guests, heading straight for him.

Thinking fast, he turned slightly to Kate and muttered, "Kiss me."

Her eyes were both angry and troubled. "No."

"It's not a request, Kate," he said deeply, his fingers tightening on her h*ps as he spun her to face him. Obediently, she lifted her face and allowed him to kiss her tenderly, and then more passionately as his hands freely roamed her body, his fingertips rushing down her lower back before he cupped her ass in his hands. Her hands flailed out to his chest for support as his grip slid upwards from her ass to rest on her hips. A shudder ran through her curvy frame and he groaned, suddenly forgetting the time and place - the why and what.

It was times like this that he remembered why it had been so hard to forget this woman - and why he'd be crazy to let her go a second time. But he knew falling for Kate Preston would put too much on the line and Gage wasn't sure he could handle that. Give him the chance to perform at the Yankee stadium filled with millions of screaming; demanding fans and he could do it without hesitation. Gage could face anything but one thing - the uncertainty of what would happen if he let this redhead beauty reclaim the part of him that he thought had died long ago...

***

Gage had kissed her before but not like this. In his lips there was something different, a new kind of sensual promise that stole her breathe and made her quiver under the weight of his grip. Kate was left clinging to him when he drew away moments later, his eyes hooded, enigmatic. She sighed, no longer caring about the other guests milling around, she wanted to feed the hunger, public scrutiny be damned. She gazed up into Gage's darkened eyes and felt she could do anything he asked if only he would kiss her that way again...

"Gage..." Kate purred dreamily, only to be cut off by a voice that sounded like cold, polished steel, squeaking from behind her.

"Now isn't this a nice surprise," said the voice of a woman who now appeared right before them. Kate didn't need to wonder who she was. Chloe Valiant, a wildly beautiful pop vocalist who had just tops the charts earlier that summer. She was edgy, sensual and talented with the world at her feet.

It had also been rumored that she had dated Gage for a couple of months and their hinted romance had been all over the tabloids earlier that year. Kate felt the sudden need to withdraw in surrender as her eyes caught and held with the slim, tall and shapely brunette dressed in high fashion leggings and not much else - a strip of a tank that was hanging on her enviously slender shoulders with her dark brown hair falling luxuriantly to her waist.

It was times like this that Kate was reminded that full-figured might be considered sexy in her part of the country, but not everyone in the world appreciated a girl with curves, especially not the stick-thin pop star that stood just a few feet away, her carefully painted fingertips planted firmly in a sharp hip-hug stance, her head cocked to the side and her lips curled in disdain.

Kate could feel the younger woman's disgust, venom ready to spew out of her thin-lipped mouth, as her eyes hung on the arm that Gage had wrapped tightly around Kate's waist.

"What do you want Chloe?" Gage replied, annoyance bursting across his face.

Kate's ears filled with Chloe's kittenish giggle and she couldn't help but stare at the long column of her delicate throat and how everything about the woman was so sexy and feminine. Barely twenty-three, she had already been linked to many of the most handsome and successful stars in the business.

And yet, from what Kate had heard, Gage had been the one to call it quits. Kate couldn't believe any man - even a guy like Gage, could ever say no to a woman like Chloe. But as Gage's hand roamed up Kate's back to clasp her neck in a deliberate gesture, she had a feeling he was trying to send a very strong message. Her suspicion was confirmed when she saw Chloe's green eyes darken as Gage's fingers rested possessively at the inner base of Kate's shoulder.

"Now this isn't your usual type." Chloe murmured, eyes flickering over Kate disdainfully. "I mean, I know Chase's parties can get rather wild, but I'm sure you don't need a handler to keep you in line."

Kate bristled; the barb wasn't lost on her. She felt a flame of anger rise to the surface of her chest, and she was about to respond when Gage wrapped his arm around her neck, pulling her into a tight embrace.

"Handler? Oh, Kate's not a handler, Chloe, and this sexy little thing is definitely not here to keep me in line." He replied gingerly, turning to nuzzle Kate's cheek with an affectionate grin. "If anything, she's the naughty one, about to have her wicked way with me."

Kate squirmed at the touch of Gage's intimate lips, while she held her gaze pinned to the obviously smarting Chloe who smiled thinly. "Oh, I don't think there's anything 'little' about your pretty companion, Gage. Never knew you liked full figures. I guess that's why we never worked out, huh?"

Gage shrugged, digging his fingers slightly into Kate's flesh as if he knew she was about to lunge for Chloe's beautifully snide face and he had to hold her back.

"Among many other reasons. Now if you'll excuse us; Kate and I have been waiting all night to be able to get out of here together, so we gotta run. Take care, Chloe."

Chloe opened her mouth to reply but was cut off by a herd of guests who had finally noticed her. Instantly, she was swept away in the crowd while Gage slipped out of the party quietly, with Kate in tow.

She was still bristling when they slid into the back seat of the limo that was waiting to bring them to the finest hotel in the city. Kate's eyes swung to his in anger but he had a wicked glint in his eyes that told her she should just leave it alone.

"The guys can meet us at the tour bus tomorrow morning. I'm sure they wouldn't mind us leaving them at Chase's since things will be heating up soon enough over there. As for you and me..."

He placed his hand on her arm, but Kate was fuming as she shrunk away to the other end of the seat.

"Is there any part of this tour where you don't get to use me? First you think you have the sole right to my body - and now you just kissed me in order to get Chloe off your back? You know, Gage, I may not be part of this world of glitz and glamour, where you're treated like a spoiled child, but I deserve at least a shred of respect."

"Kate..." Gage whispered, sighing as he raked his fingers through his hair in frustration. "I wanted to say more to her for the way she spoke about you, but then I thought...of course she is going to be angry when she sees you."

"Oh, seriously!" Seething with anger she had no patience for his ego. "You know Gage, there's more to life than being famous or having thousands of women believe that they're in love with you just because you...."

"That's not what I meant, Kate." His voice was strangely flat, frustration dripping from every word. "I meant that she has the right to be angry and jealous when she sees someone like you because... you are everything that she isn't."

"You hardly know me anymore. I'm nothing like I used to be." Her words cut sharp in a brutal hiss, and she wished she hadn't let them slip from her lips like a paperweight smothering the passion and truth between them.

"Don't tell me that I don't know you," he fired back between gritted teeth.

Kate felt a flutter deep within her belly, but she forced herself to turn away, even as her heart warmed. Gage had stood up for her, in his own way and she had to admit, it certainly felt good and she was wrong. He did know her...probably better than she knew herself.

Gage was silent for a moment, and she turned to look at him but saw only the searing glint of speculation and confusion in his eyes. "And what is it that you think I don't know about you, Kate? Tell me."

Kate felt tears welling in her eyes and she bite down on her trembling bottom lip in an effort to stop them from falling down her cheeks. She was too strong of a woman to be crying in front of a man this way. His pity was something she neither needed nor wanted. But the heat in his eyes, though tender, held no trace of pity. Instead they brimmed with desire and intrigue, as if he knew she had a secret and wanted nothing but for her to confess.

In truth, Kate did have a secret and it was one that she had been harboring for many years. She had never gotten over Gage. How could any woman get over such an incredibly passionate man? Even the many years apart hadn't been able to dilute the fiery intensity between them, and now that he was back in her life she wanted nothing more than to give herself to him, but she was afraid.

Afraid didn't even come close to describing it, she thought as another spike of terror rushed through her. Terrified, absolutely and completely terrified.

Somehow, the space between them disappeared and before she could say a word he was pulling her onto his lap, her trembling body brought flush against his heated chest. She thought about refusing him, but then his mouth slanted over hers and she felt her body ignite with intense passion that swirled around her belly, melding a string of thoughts together, her mind locked on a channel that she couldn't switch off.

Resist him and protect your heart...

Just let go and enjoy every moment...

Knowing how easy it was for him to give her the most pleasurable high imaginable, she wanted nothing more than to let him have his way with her, but she fought back the flame of desire as much as she could.

"Don't fight it," he murmured, lips trailing over hers. "Don't fight what you're feeling."

He plucked at her ravenously, and then used the tip of his tongue to trace the seam of her clamped lips till she opened up like a flower to his invasion. He crushed her against him and in the same vein, ground his mouth into hers. His tongue sought and swirled around hers in a honeyed mating dance that left her breathless.

"Sometimes I wish..." Gage growled, peeling his lips away from hers, only to break off and nestle his face in the arched curve of her neck. "If I could, I'd go back in time...give this all up for that one time when you and I..."

He broke off again and Kate heard his breathing go ragged as he sighed with a torturous groan, frustration morphing into anger. Kate was glad that they were locked in their own world where everything passed by beyond the tinted glass of the limo. Even the chauffeur was unmindful of them, focused on his driving on the other end of the sealed partition, something the shy Kate was thankful for. Especially when she suddenly felt the weight of Gage's hand sliding up her bare thigh.

His words had made her shiver as she wondered if, like her, he missed that moment in time when they'd been together freely, without a care in the world and without the pressures that now bore down on them.

But why should he want to go back to that time? He was a struggling musician back then and now he was wealthy, famous and loved by thousands of fans around the world. Everyone knew his name whereas before, no one did. She couldn't stop her thoughts from turning bitter as she thought about how Gage was now way out of her league and it hurt to think that if they had just met for the first time, he'd probably never give her a second glance.

So why wasn't she pushing his hand away, even as it inched dangerously closer to her p**sy, invading the perimeter of her comfort zone? She'd been aching for him to take her all night and even her anger couldn't hold its place against the vulnerability of her senses whenever Gage was in control. Kate wished she could fight him...with all her soul she wished it. The last thing she wanted was to be his plaything, to be tossed aside once the tour was over and he could get back to his extravagant lifestyle where women were as plenty as the fish in the sea. Her heart couldn't stand the thought of falling for him now, only to lose him once again.

But he was kissing her with fierce urgency, as daring a passion as a lover who knew all of her weaknesses and had every intention of exploiting them. His hand squeezed her thigh before traveling beneath the hem of her skirt to the burning apex between her thighs. Through the sheer lace panel of her panties, his fingers scalded her as they moved skillfully and deliberately across the thin material, squeezing and cupping her wetness in his hand.

Kate felt the heat building in her core, turning into a blazing fire and she shivered involuntarily at his touch, her p**sy tingling in response to the insistent pressing of his fingertips massaging her most private places. Every nerve ending sparked to life and she could almost feel her body sizzle with electricity, ready to disintegrate into ash if he continued with his sweet, yet aggressive onslaught.

His free hand edged down the neckline of her shirt, his fingers grabbing at the material until the edge of her bra was exposed, the mounds of lace filled with her firm, heaving br**sts. He groaned and kissed his way down her flushed, pink skin, peeling down the bra and popping one pale nipple into his hungry mouth.

Kate arched her back with a moan, ripped in half by the pleasure that branded her as his, her sound of hunger filled with an invitation to do all that he pleased.

His fingers stroked her panties before finding her tender opening, and she was powerless to resist him when he sunk his fingers deep into her.

"Please", she whispered, feeling as though she might burn alive if he stopped. Her eyes pleaded with him for release but he only growled around her breast, his mouth suckling tightly before pulling away, her nipple pinched gently by his teeth.

Kate's fingers found their way into the thick luxuriance of his silky hair, which she stroked and raked with wanton pleasure. "Gage...oh baby," she moaned, unable to resist the softness and skill of his mouth pulling on her sensitive n**ples. He was relentless in his quest to make her as hot and as wet as he could, pushing two fingers deep inside of her, and without preamble, he began to slide them in and out of her p**sy, spreading her open and thrusting against the natural resistance of her body as she whimpered at the delicious sensation.

"Please, what?" he finally replied in a hard whisper that commanded her attention.

While his wedged fingers curved into her g-spot, the thumb of the same hand flicked across her clitoris and turned her pleasure into something tangible, alive. Her pelvis rotated in carnal delight as her soaked p**sy snagged his drilling fingers tightly. The more she writhed, the deeper Gage thrust. He rolled her nipple inside his mouth with his tongue and then suckled her so forcefully she cried out, the stinging pleasure jolting her out of consciousness for just a moment.

With his free hand, he grabbed her wrist and guided it down to the heavy bulge that strained against the denim jeans he wore, and he rumbled as she slowly peeled back the zipper, releasing his thick, swollen cock. Without hesitation, her fingers closed around his shaft and she groaned in ecstasy as she felt how hard and thick he'd become. Gage wanted her. That hadn't changed - it may never change. But how long would that be enough to keep her with him?

He must have sensed her inner turmoil; Gage always somehow seemed to know. Her fingers stilled and she attempted to stroke him again, but his sudden hold on her wrist tightened.

"Tonight...let's make it all about us - here and now, you and I. Not the past, not the future. Just...us here...now...together." Gage said huskily, lifting his mouth from her nipple and placing his lips at the side of her breast. He kissed the rounded curve and palmed the weighty mound in his hand, measuring its heaviness with a groan of approval.

"Can you do that, Kate? Can you let yourself go?" He'd straightened to look into her eyes, his gaze locked onto the flush of her face as he pushed his fingers inside of her - to the hilt, the invasion wickedly animalistic.

"Just this once, I want it to be simple. Just a man making love to the woman he finds most desirable above all else. That's you, Kate. That's only ever been you."

* * *

Only you, Kate.

Hearing that declaration from Gage's lips was enough to push Kate over the edge and down into a seemingly bottomless orgasm. Her vag**al muscles convulsed around his rampaging fingers while he clamped his mouth over hers to smother her loud, trailing moans of ecstasy.

Could it be true? This was the only question wandering through her cloudy brain as she tumbled over and over through a heavenly cloud of pure, raw passion. The cli**x was brutal yet gentle at the same time, and she gave in to the hypnotic buzzing and pulsing that sizzled across her skin, from her head to her toes as she moaned into his mouth.

That's it, baby. Just let go...

His sensuous words whittled down the last of her defenses and now she felt too weak to fight him - not this time. When the moment came, she would do as he'd asked and succumb without a care or doubt. She would give, and take, and shut the outside world from the bubble of passion that was tightly wrapped around them both.

She'd barely caught her breath, lying limp like a ragdoll across Gage's lap when the limo stopped abruptly in front of a fabulously designed boutique hotel. It was late but Gage was still cautious about not being seen by a potential fan, and thankfully had the good sense to ask that the driver check him in. Minutes later, he was breezing through the hallway and into the dimly lit elevator, Kate's hand clasped tightly into his. When the elevator doors closed, he didn't hesitate to push her up against the cold steel wall, spreading her legs with his feet, and forcing her hands up and over her head as he gripped her wrists tightly, pinning her in place.

"I won't wait another minute," he whispered, his lips sweeping over her neck without hesitation and his dark gray eyes can no longer hide the urgent need that swirls in every breath. "I can't..."

Kate's legs were barely able to hold her up, as Gage stole another kiss of burning lust from her trembling lips.

"Then don't," she quietly growled, her hands flexing against his in an attempt to break free so she could force his lips back down to hers but he pulled away, a clear sign that he was in full and complete control, his power emanating from his every touch.

Releasing one of her wrists so that he could explore her body, he pulled up her skirt and slid his hand into the front of her panties. She was still soaking wet from her earlier orgasm and he moaned against her neck, his face seeking refuge in the soft curves of her body, his weight bearing against her, pushing her hard against the wall.

She twisted her body so that she was turned halfway to him, her hip jutting out and he yanked her skirt up to her waist, exposing her full, round ass.

Finally, he let go of her other wrist and she immediately spun around to face the wall, her back arched to give him full access.

He stood behind her, no longer touching her at all and she found herself trembling with anticipation, wondering why he was taking so long to ravage her yet when she turned a curious eye to him the incredible hunger that darkened his face drained her of all reluctance and she fell against the wall, her cheek pressed firmly against the cool steel.

She heard the tick of the elevator buttons as he made sure the door wasn't going to open anytime soon and then in one swift movement she felt the thickness of his c*ck pushing its way into her and she gasped at the stark cold of the pane against her achingly hot flesh, then moaned as he gripped her h*ps in his hands and slid into her.

"Oh God," she moaned. Her entire body screamed in jubilation at finally having him inside her once again, but she knew her appetite for him was ceaseless. "God yes, please," she whimpered as he began thrusting at a focused, measured pace.

"You feel so damn good," he growled raggedly, leaning his chin against her shoulder, his tongue lashing out to lick her earlobe. He greedily licked and kissed the fleshy, sensitive strip behind her ear as he f**ked her, filling her in more ways than one and she couldn't think past the way he made her feel when he was inside her, as though she was a creature of need, writhing and gasping and reveling in it. His hands gripped her ass, squeezing hard as he slammed into her again and again.

"Do you like it hard?" he panted, tearing his mouth from her neck to whisper against her shoulder. "I seem to remember that you like it a little rough."

Her breath came out on a harsh exhale, clouding the air. Her heartbeat accelerated and a thin trickle of wetness slid down her inner thigh, and she squeezed her legs together to try to halt its flow.

"Is that a yes?" His voice was husky and his mouth was a mere inch from her neck once again. A sound that might have been a word came from her mouth and pulled his c*ck from her core to spin her around to face him. Instantly, his lips came down on hers.

The kiss was demanding and furious. His tongue slid against her teeth, forcing them open and then he was probing the recesses of her mouth, exploring its every corner and crevasse.

His hands slid down her back, his strong fingers dug into the curved out halves of her ass and he lifted her up and forward, tilting her pelvis so that her groin was parallel to his. He ran his hard c*ck against her, relishing in the sweet sound of her surrender. Her moan was low and soft and he stepped back, his eyes glowing with desire.

She stood there, her lips bruised and pulped, her senses whirling and her head spinning in exquisite torture. She could not seem to make sense of her thoughts or emotions. His hands went to her br**sts and once again his c*ck was burying itself inside of her, riding her furiously, his teeth nipping at the sensitive flesh of her br**sts, tugging at her n**ples, as he lifted her against him, forcing his swollen shaft into her wet mound.

"Gage..." she begged, digging her nails into his shoulders as she held on tight. "Please...please, don't stop." She let out a cry when he bit down on her earlobe, and then screamed his name when another orgasm crashed through her quivering body, filling her with a powerful buzzing bliss that spread through her body and she wondered how she had ever went so many years without him.

He was out of her before she'd finished, pushing her down so that her knees met the hard floor. His fingers fisted her hair as he pressed the head of his c*ck against her lips. "Take it," he demanded.

Still swept up in the moment, she opened her mouth willingly and took his entire length into her cheeks. The salty taste of pr**um lingered on her tongue along with a unique flavor she recognized as her own and she lapped and stroked the shaft and base with everything she had. Wanting to make him ache for her, she cupped his balls with one hand as she encircled the base of his shaft with the other, massaging him as she deep throated him, inch by inch. His groans of encouragement spurred her on, making her wet and hungry for him all over again, and she felt little shocks of pleasure dart through her body as she claimed his seed in her mouth, making sure he never forgot just how much she wanted him.

Finally he stiffened, growling her name as he came, his eyes wide with unblinking desire, rocking his h*ps to meet her mouth as streams of hot sem*n exploded into her throat. She swallowed every last drop of him, smiling in satisfaction as his body shook with the force of his orgasm. Gasping, he reached out to brace himself against the wall, his chest heaving, his heartbeat slowing as the sensation fizzled until there was nothing left but honesty.

And in that moment, as he stood propping himself against the elevator wall, the woman of his past kneeling in front of him, willing to do whatever made him happy, he realized that he was right all along...he was totally and completely wrong for her.

* * *

Walking, breathlessly, into the huge penthouse suite that had been reserved for them, Gage opened the door and then stepped aside to allow Kate to enter first. Still reeling from his orgasm he felt confused, shameful even, and when she made her way into the bathroom he was relieved that he had a private minute to gather his thoughts.

What exactly was bothering him so much?

It wasn't like he was using her. The attraction for her was real, and she wanted him just as much as he wanted her. After all, they were two consenting adults and whatever they agreed to do, whether it was his idea or not, was something she could freely choose or disregard. So why was he feeling a heavy pang of guilt bearing down on his chest, making it hard for him to breathe?

Within minutes she walked back into the room, and he could think of nothing more than the fact that he wished he could take her into his arms again, force her body flush against his and ease her into his touch until she was begging for him to take her. What was it about Kate Preston that could reduce him to a pathetic, heated, shell of a man, never satisfied with her for long before he wanted...needed her again?

"Tired?" She cocked her head to the side analyzing him and he realized that he hadn't said a word to her since they had entered the penthouse.

"Oh, no, no. Just thinking." He shot her a grin but he caught the shiver of apprehension that tore through her body. "Come here."

She obeyed, approaching him carefully stopping a few feet away, but he reached out and brought her in, his hands grabbing for her arms, and she drew in a deep breath when he took her into his arms.

"What are you thinking about?" She purred as he ran a hand down to the small of her back, causing her to go to still though he could hear her heaving breathing as he brought her close to his chest, rocking her gently in a slow dance.

"I was thinking about how nice it would be to take a bath with you. You game?"

Suddenly shy now that she was alone in the exquisitely appointed hotel suite wrapped in Gage's arms, Kate struggled with nerves. The last time she'd been with him in such a place, she'd been overwhelmed with need for him and yet had left with that need unquenched. Now, after two weeks stuck on tour with him, she was still feeling the overpowering weight of her desire for Gage but this time, she would make the choice to give in with no holding back.

She was suddenly very aware of her every curve, her round ass and shapely h*ps and though she knew that Gage was attracted to her, it was one thing to make love to him fiercely and passionately as they were distracted by the incredible hunger, but to bathe with him, to be cradled in his arms in such a sensual way was a whole other thing.

"I promise, you'll enjoy it," Gage murmured, raking his fingers through her hair and pulling out the pins so that the auburn locks cascaded over her face. "Besides, we have to get cleaned up after that elevator ride."

His teasing, lustful smile made Kate's br**sts grow heavy. The memory of his c*ck buried deep inside of her in the elevator had far from faded. And it had left her hungry for more.

Shedding the last of her doubts - for now, Kate backed away from him, sucked in a deep breath and then lifted her hands to the hem of her shirt. He noticed how her fingers trembled as she drug the material up and across her skin before casting it on a nearby chair. She saw his eyes gleam in awareness as she shed her clothing, tensing only when her skirt slid down to her ankles, leaving her completely vulnerable and dressed in nothing but her bra and panties.

There was no mistaking the feral shadow of arousal that made his features darken. To know that this man, desired by so many women not just around the country but around the world, wanted only her - right here and now, once again, made Kate feel powerful and special.

And it was exactly what she needed.

By the time she was stripped down, she'd reached the bathroom door. Spinning on her heels, she moved out of the room and she heard his earthy, hungry growl as she disappeared from his line of sight.

The marble-lined bathroom was oversized, and yet there was no mistaking the intimacy as the air was soon filled with the scents and steam from the oils swirling in the bubble bath. Gage was completely nak*d when he appeared moments later and found her reclining in the tub, her neck stretched out against the porcelain, all but her shoulders and br**sts were cloaked in a thick foam of bubbles. In his hands he held two thick-stemmed glasses half-filled with a light green-colored liquid.

"Absinthe...something I think you should try - at least once," Gage explained with a wolfish smile as he walked towards her. Kate couldn't tear her eyes from his beautifully chiseled body, rippling with vitality and definition in each golden sinew. His lean, tight frame was the perfect backdrop for his thick, long c*ck that was twitching at the sight of beautiful, curvy Kate who squirmed lower into the scented foam. It had been a long time since Gage had seen her completely nak*d and she still felt a burst of self-consciousness and vulnerability as she submerged into the water so that she was covered up to her neck.

"You know, this is a first for us...taking a bath together." he added, sliding into the water behind her with a smooth, fluid movement, carefully placing the wine glasses on the table next to the bathtub.

"I don't know why we never did it before," Kate lied. She knew exactly why there were few intimate memories like this to recall. She had been far too self conscious of her body back then and would have never have been comfortable with letting him wrap his beautiful, hard body around hers as he was doing now. She knew that she had robbed herself of so many opportunities for romance just because she was far too worried about maintaining the illusion that she was in better shape than she really was, but she had to admit, she absolutely loved the slippery feel of his body cradling hers and she pushed any self-doubt to the back of her mind.

Reaching around, he pulled her towards him until she was resting with her back nestled firmly against his chest. He settled her in between his thighs and gathered her wavy red hair to the side of her nape while his arm locked her around her waist, effectively pinning her to him.

"You're so beautiful," he murmured softly in her ear, his breathing short as he kissed her temple. "Don't ever doubt how desirable you are...then and now."

He reached for a glass and handed it to her. She swirled the pretty liquid around before taking a sip. It had a headily bitter flavor, potent and almost raw in its burning quality. Kate gasped, her eyes pinned to the ceiling as the liquid went straight through her nerves, causing her libido to radiate like sonic waves through her system. She boldly took another sip, and another, before Gage chuckled softly and retrieved the glass from her fingers. Kate's tongue swept over her lips and she leaned closer against him, reeling from the different sensations coursing through her bloodstream.

She barely protested when he took the washcloth and soap from the table and began to wash her body. His hands were gentle as he ran the soapy cloth over her back, shoulders, arms, and she shivered as he lathered and kneaded her br**sts. The washcloth moved down her abdomen, then between her thighs, and she whimpered.

"Does that feel good, Kate?" he murmured into her ear.

"Oh, yes." She breathed as her head fell back against his chest.

His hands were tender as he massaged her p**sy, and Kate loved the scorching burn of his tender, knowing ministrations, the steam hovering around them making her relax as arousal rose higher within. Inserting one finger and then two, he coerced another cry from her as she bucked her hips, grinding herself against his hand as he maintained his slow, torturous pace.

Kate moaned deeply, her arms lifting to tangle in his hair, and he slid his hands up and over her belly to her full, round br**sts. His lips trailing over her cheek, he teased her n**ples with relentless delight, cupping, kneading and squeezing them into his soapy hands, his murmurs of approval making her purr with pleasure.

It was a slow, steady seduction that took Kate's breath away. Gage took his time with her, running his hands all over her body while he kissed her face and nipped at her jaw. Her skin pink from the heat of the water mixed with raw passion, she bristled with hunger as he continued to explore every curve of her body, squeezing the meaty flesh of her thighs before returning his fingers to her core.

"I love how you make me feel." Kate sighed, squirming against his broad chest. One large hand slid from her breast down to her quivering belly and Kate's breath hitched.

"Spread your legs for me, baby," Gage whispered, his fingertips dancing close to the juncture of her thighs. Kate obeyed, the water lapping softly in between her knees.

"Wider," Gage said thickly, and she obliged, separating her legs as far as they could go. This time Gage didn't reach down to stroke her p**sy but instead he lifted her up by the hips, bringing her onto his lap. The water sloshed wildly against the sides of the tub as he carefully positioned her against him, his rigid c*ck slipping easily into her burning hot p**sy.

Kate let out a shrill cry as Gage's thick c*ck forced her tender walls to allow him entry, but instead of taking her roughly and wildly, he simply wrapped his arms around her shoulders, his hand cupping her neck, the other hand fingering her hair.

She pushed against him, struggling for a moment, only to realize that he had positioned her so that she couldn't move away from him. Fire seared down her spine, desire followed.

"I just want to feel myself inside of you." He growled against her cheek.

The instant Gage's fingers slid between the sweet, slick folds of her p**sy once again, she let out a shrill, desperate cry, unable to hold back, urging him to continue while desperately trying to anchor herself against him, as excitement and desire propelled her forward, wanting to crush her body back and forth, thrusting herself down onto his swollen cock.

He crooned in her ear as he cradled her breast in one hand while the other played with her secret folds beneath the water. The aroma of her desire seeped into the scented water as Gage's expert fingers teased her to a fevered hunger. He petted her clit, pressing onto it with the flat of his fingers until Kate's eyes burst with sparks. Her body stiffened, as Gage's c*ck slid deeper into her p**sy, laving, possessing, and claiming her with his need.

Gage was far too delicious to deny and she no longer tried to fight him, giving in to her own fantasies, ones she had harbored for years. He had the power to make her come alive with just his touch, his kiss, or a heated look. She turned her face to the side and their lips met wetly, tongues reaching out to dance a tango of carnality and searing passion.

"Come for me, Kate," he urged deeply, and Kate cried into his mouth and she matched his rhythm with every frenzied stroke. She could feel the rising tempest waiting to immerse her in its dark depths, and it wiped out everything in sight or mind - except for the two of them.

Kate arched her back in perfect bliss, dizziness swimming through her head, coupled with pulsating, delicious sensations that razed her, leaving her feeling weightless, boneless and within seconds she was entangled in such intense pleasure that she couldn't turn back. She sank against his chest, her breathing hitched. The violent sensations raged through her body in a seemingly endless torrent of pleasure, every nerve was on fire, escalating to a blinding crescendo until she couldn't help but scream for release.

He didn't relent until he had squeezed every shiver, every moan, every spasm from her body, leaving her exhausted, sputtering his name, and trembling against his ongoing assault. Even then he held onto her, his c*ck burning into her with long, deliberate strokes, hitting her most sensitive spots until he couldn't hold back. He growled her name into her ear, the edges of his vision blurring as he released everything he had inside of her.

* * *

Kate lay in the middle of the swimmingly large bed, tantalized by the exquisite, soft sheets and the body of her lover snaking behind hers, his chest pressed tightly against her back, his hands wrapped around her. Their skin was slightly damp from the bath, and she shivered as his potent touch prickled over her skin.

"The more things change, the more they stay the same," he whispered and she giggled.

"Look at us, Gage. What are we doing, baby?" Suddenly it became important to find answers, to completely understand what he was willing to give.

"We're enjoying each other. Holding onto something real, something that started long before life got crazy." His tone was light, casual and if there was no need for words at all. Kate nodded, surrendering to the realization that despite how connected they were, they were still miles apart. Gage would never be able to give her what she needed because his world just wouldn't allow him to and he would never understand that a woman like her needed reassurance before unlocking the cage around her heart.

Almost asleep, Gage squeezed her one last time, her curved ass settling against his groin, his strong hands resting comfortably on her stomach.

She couldn't sleep. Despite the hypnotic rhythm of his breath, and the incredible feeling of his body wrapping her in his warmth, her heart was restless and if it weren't for the fact that she knew that she needed to be strong and to hide the truth in her heart, she would have sobbed openly in his arms, begging him to just be the man that she once knew... and not someone that she felt was untouchable.

She knew the truth. Things between them were different now and there was no turning back, despite how much she wished it so. She had her chance. There was a time when he was completely hers for the taking, and there was nothing that he wouldn't have done for her, given her - yet she threw it all away. She threw him away, and now it was time to pay the piper for her ruthlessness and she grimaced at the memory of the day she let him go.

Sighing deeply, she curled against him, teary-eyed and weak. She couldn't bring this down on him right now, not at a time in his life where he already had so many people wanting every last pound of flesh that he had to give. This was his time, and it was something he had worked hard for his entire life. She couldn't...wouldn't make this about her. Not now and especially not after the truth hit her so hard in the stomach that she wanted to double over in agony at all she had lost.

She loved him. She had never stopped.

* * *

Day after day, as they made their way from city to city, she told herself she was allowing herself to travel down a path of no return, but she forced herself to wear a confident, carefree smile in Gage's presence. Every time she submitted to her need for him, she knew she was slinking deeper into the pit of dark desire and that if she weren't careful she would be consumed entirely, unable to pull herself out, shake herself off and walk away when needed.

He certainly didn't make it any easier on her. He could never seem to get enough of her. No matter the time or place, if he wanted to have her, he would. After the unforgettable night together at the hotel, they had rejoined the tour as if nothing had happened. From city to city they traveled and in all that time, no promises were made, none demanded. Even when he had her hoarse from calling out his name as they came together, it was never about love. Only mindless, carefree passion.

She'd given in too easily into his reckless lifestyle and she wondered if there would have been a better way to reunite with him, or if it would never had happened at all had she not agreed to take on this venture. The music, the crowds; the ride; it was wild and crazy; one blaring loud memory after another with no time to stop and take it all in. When he was out on stage, he gave and gave and yet, there was a sense that his fans would never be satisfied. They wanted more from him, their insatiable appetite consuming him so that all he could think about was how he could give them more - how he could be everything they needed and expected him to be. He'd give anything to those who admired him from afar, yet with Kate, he offered no promises, no offerings, and no commitment. And Kate didn't dare ask him for anything. She focused on doing her job, sending the magazine regular updates and managing the video crew who shot footage for an upcoming special. She fought to keep her mind on work and to not let her heart get caught in the mix, even as Gage threw her in turmoil every time he took her with even more heated intensity than the last.

There was a time when she dreaded being part of his world and now she was wracked with anxiety about the fact that it would soon end. Gage would never leave the crazy life that he created for himself, and she would never fit into it.

***

"I love you like this." His voice was rough and edgy, as he pushed her gently onto the bed in the King suite that had been reserved just for him. Normally he preferred to just stay on the bus but the mayor in town wouldn't hear of it, having reserved the entire top floor in the beautiful inn, minutes from the arena.

"Like what?" Kate whispered, confused but delighted by the devilish grin that spread across Gage's face. She stifled a giggle, as he threw himself on top of her.

"No makeup, no fancy hair, no facade. Just you, natural, beautiful...just the way you were when we first met." He ran his fingertips over her chin, before brushing a strand of hair away from her face, moving it to rest behind her ear.

Kate's cheeks flushed in a crimson glow. She appreciated the compliment but it also embarrassed her. She had wanted to look sexy for him but she had been so busy catching up on editing her latest journal entry for the magazine that she hadn't had time to even think about her hair or her face. These days she was lucky to find time for a quick shower.

"Oh."

Gage chuckled softly before closing in on her for a gentle kiss.

"Oh? What do you mean...oh? Don't you know how beautiful you are?"

He didn't wait for a reply before he slid his mouth down her neck. With a growl, he fisted her shirt over her perfectly round br**sts, exposing them to the coolness of the room. Edging his mouth close to her skin, his tongue was the first to make contact, circling around the hardened buds, rubbing roughly against the underside of her br**sts, his tongue lapping at every exposed inch of visible curve.

He ramped up her hunger to dizzying heights as his fingers crawled across her stomach, squeezing and kneading her skin before finally reaching her hot, quivering p**sy. Her loose fitted jogging pants made it easy for his hand to slide inside of the cotton material and within minutes he was rocking two fingers into her core, burying them deep inside of her.

"Gage!" Her breathy voice spoke of her urgent need to feel him inside of her. His fingers would never be enough, not today. The buzzing in her head was amplified by the whisper in her ear, his mouth pressed firmly against her cheek, telling her just how hot she made him.

He was fierce and taking in his passion and only when he had worked her into a frenzy did he finally move into position, lowering himself on top of her, pushing her knees up and apart as far as he could spread them so that nothing would stop his tongue from invading her hot slit with fiendish delight. Kate's spine curved, arching her body from the bed, her toes curling as she moaned with wild impulse.

Gage's tongue danced lightly over her clit, his hot breath wafting over her sensitive skin, driving her crazy. She loved the way that his gentle fingers spread her open, before sliding up to his knuckles while his skilled tongue darted over her cl*t with endless strokes, relentlessly jabbing and probing her until she was close to cli**x.

Kate's fingers clenched tightly to the bed sheets, a cry rippling to the ceiling overhead. He gave her more, two fingers sliding into her p**sy as far as they could go, and her muscles instinctively snagged on him like Velcro, making him growl with hunger for her. He told her how good she tasted, sweet and tender, like fresh strawberries steeped in honey. Kate could only whimper in reply, feeling his tongue flutter across her cl*t with unstoppable speed. She gave in totally to everything he offered; her whole self was turned to nothingness, a puppet under his control.

"Closer," he commanded in a deep voice that was filled with lust

He pulled her over to him as he settled back against the pillows. Kate was trembling with desire as he positioned her so that she was laying across his body in a perfect line, her p**sy straddling his face, giving her mouth free reign over his cock. She whimpered at the sight of his thick, hard shaft with angry protruding veins that signified just how turned on he was. Feverish with desire, Kate leaned forward inching her mouth towards his velvet shaft until her tongue was able to run along the base, sliding smoothly across the head as a drop of pr**um trickled down to land on his balls.

Gage wrapped his hands around her gripping her ass as he forced her p**sy to meld with his tongue, his face now buried between her curvy thighs. She moaned with pleasure at the electric sensations of her lover's gentle lips and tongue that continuously lapped and suckled at her cl*t and labia. Unable to hold back she began grinding her hips, pushing her p**sy down on his face and he kept up with her rhythm, lapping at her, nipping her cl*t with the bluntness of his teeth, before suckling gently on her diamond-bud.

Lost in a frenzy of passion, Kate widened her lips to accept his thick, swollen cock. As Gage brought her closer to orgasm she found it easier to slide her mouth down his shaft and take him deeper into her throat. Wildly bucking against his face, she deep-throated his shaft, her fingers cupping and squeezing his balls eliciting a groan from his lips as she playfully teased him into surrendering. His c*ck was so steely, so rigid and powerful that her body quivered at the sensation of it filling her throat, and she hollowed out her cheeks to make room for him. His h*ps began to move, pumping upwards and sending more of his granite-hard length into her mouth.

Trembling with her hunger for him, Kate twirled her tongue around the shaft that was buried in her mouth, teasing the head of his c*ck while she worked her head up and down, going faster and faster. She pulled his c*ck from her mouth only long enough to lap at his balls, lashing her hot wet tongue over his tight scrotum, feeling his balls tighten up in preparation of unleashing himself into her throat.

Suddenly he gripped her h*ps fiercely, forcing her to plough his face until she was smothering him in her sex, and he moved his head from side to side, creating a maddening friction.

Kate gasped, her mouth releasing his c*ck for a moment as she savored the sensation of his tongue tracing her anal ring. Shudders of shamed pleasure racked her frame and she felt a blush steal over her cheeks. But Gage didn't give her any time to dwell on her sensibilities. He was intent on pushing past her boundaries, in every way possible. Without pause, he pushed his index finger knuckle-deep into her wetted ass and made her go rigid in stunned, hot pleasure as tingles erupted across her skin.

"Does that feel good, baby?" Gage rasped, pushing deeper and bringing every hidden nerve ending to life. Kate's fingers tightened reflexively around his cock, and around his finger her anal muscles contracted, then released. Kate felt the sweet agony consume every inch of her body, leaving her a stuttering mess.

"Oh, ye...yes. So much. Oh, Gage..." She broke off as he rammed her again with his finger, this time pushing two into her tightness, feeling her muscles resist his touch. It was just fingers, but it was so new and wicked that she couldn't get enough. As his finger rammed its way in and out of her ass, he thumbed her p**sy with his other hand, two slick fingers working their way into each orifice, one very much forbidden.

Kate's body began to spasm of its own volition. With so many sensations brushing across her body at once she knew that she was seconds away from exploding into a world of dark, fleshy lust.

The shrill sound that filled the room felt as though it was coming from another person but it was Kate, crying out in desperation, begging Gage not to stop - to give her more, to make her come hard, and fast. She pleaded with him, telling him just how much she deserved it, how good she was, how hot he made her.

He groaned his hunger out into the atmosphere, his c*ck aching to feel her p**sy wrapped tightly around it and with a quick turn he flipped her over onto her back and slid above her, his c*ck soaking wet with saliva from her mouth, ready to f**k her as hard as he could, with no mercy.

She felt the delicious agony of his large shaft forcing its way inside of her and even though she was dripping wet, she felt incredibly tight around him. She spread her legs as wide as she could, giving him free reign and full control.

"Fuck me," she demanded angrily, her lips pouty and full. The burning, sinful hunger that flickered in his eyes turned her on and she felt the urge to be free with herself, to abandon all restraint.

"Harder!"

Gage angled his shaft so he was now higher above her, his c*ck pinning her down with every furious stroke. He rode her hard like a wild stallion that needed to be tamed and she continued to call out to him with fearful abandonment, selfishly using his c*ck to drive her into the pleasure grounds in which she had never lived.

"More! Oh, that's it baby. Harder!"

Gage reached down to cup her br**sts, kneading them between his fingers, using them for stability as his thrusts gained traction and he was ramming his body into hers, crashing his chest against her, his hands gripping her heavy mounds, his c*ck stretching and filling her p**sy with hard, rough thrusts.

Good, so good. Kate didn't realize she was moaning those words over and over until she felt her body jolting violently, her p**sy quivering around his cock.

"Do you like my c*ck inside of you?"

Shuddering with lust, Kate breathed, "You know I do."

"Then say it. Tell me how you feel," he growled, bucking against her, sending a firestorm of ecstasy through her body.

Biting hard on her lip, Kate moaned, "I love the way you f**k me, Gage. Oh God, your c*ck feels so good in my p**sy."

White, stinging light burst in her vision and she bucked against him, welcoming his powerful thrusts. His eyes burned into her face, watching her wince with pleasure-pain as he racked deep within her walls. Every inch of her core was filled entirely, as he assaulted her body with wild passion.

"Fuck," he groaned, his gaze locked with hers as each pounding jab of his c*ck jolted her violently against the bed. He took her with the utmost power, imprinting his shaft in her very depths. And he made her feel more alive than she'd ever, ever felt.

"Gage, oh Gage...please let me come," she sobbed, teeth bared, senseless with the bliss raking at her insides. "You're driving me crazy."

"I know how you feel, baby," Gage said hoarsely, his voice almost unrecognizable, as his c*ck continued to invade her becoming more and more urgent. "You feel so f**king perfect. So hot, tight and wet for me. I can't slow down...I can't f**king stop."

There was a wondrous grimace on his face and Kate couldn't look away, mesmerized by how much control he'd lost, just from his need for her. It sped up her bliss till she was thrusting against him, her inner thighs quivering as her orgasm mounted in a crescendo of pure, raw heat until she was crashing into its depths. Tonight, Gage had made her feel like she was the one woman in the world who could take him to the edge of glory.

Kate held on tight, barely hearing Gage telling her that it was time. Let go, baby. Come with me.

Just like in his songs, his passionate words wrapped themselves around her heart, making her want to sob wildly as she lost the battle within herself. Her very soul unraveled as she let go, her orgasm tearing through her body, drenching his shaft with her sweet nectar. Gage covered her mouth with his own, swallowing her screams of release as he exploded within her, his sem*n shooting deep into her belly.

Kate clung to him, overwhelmed and buzzing in a powerful high that drugs or alcohol could never match. He dropped onto her, his body glistening in a sheen of sweat and she suffocated herself in his masculine musk, her face buried in his chest. She wanted to remember this moment for always.

* * *

The day had arrived. The last day of the tour, the final concert.

For Kate, it felt like deja vu all over again. Fans were going crazy, and the arena was packed so tight that it was a wonder they could breathe at all as they screamed and sang along to the lyrics of his most popular hits. Singing into the microphone, Gage leaned over the safety barrier of the stage and moved his hand breezily through the sea of fingertips reaching out, desperate to be touched. Girls squealed when his hand hit theirs, guys shouted out his name.

His voice, clear and loud, rang through the arena as he maintained close contact with as many fans as he could without being pulled into the crowd and swallowed whole. Countless more reached out, hoping for a single touch. His stage persona was electrifying...powerful. Gage felt a surge of energy rush through his body as the adrenalin pumped through his veins.

It had never seemed possible to live so large - to be bigger than life itself. Only a few could taste the sweet, addictive nectar of stardom while many others were able to experience it only on a much smaller scale. But here, looking out to the endless rows and rows of fans that spread out as far as the eye could see, Gage was once again reminded of just how far he had come. While it was the last concert in a long and wild tour, and he could easily go through the motions with almost robotic accuracy, this one meant something more to him. It was the finale in the biggest tour of his life, and he had been lucky enough to sell out every seat at every event along the way. There was no stopping him, his star still very much on the rise.

So why did he feel so damn depressed?

Why did he seek her face in the crowd almost as if he expected she'd be there like that first time they'd met? But no, she always watched from backstage; he knew that.

Gage got to the bridge of the song and the guitars kicked in as hard as the drums.

The music. The force - it was as if something primal ripped through him and he bent back as the strangled words tore from his mouth. The fans went into an absolute frenzy.

I'm drowning in my pain...lost in the blackened rain...and she could guide me back home...yet she left me all alone, and God knows why...

The words thundered from his throat, his methodic, rugged voice the perfect blend of sex and pain and the lyric ended in a hush and a breath and for just one quiet moment, the stage went still. Even the crowds waited as the lights dimmed leaving everything hanging on a line of pure, raw heat that lasted just long enough to get every heart beating frantically.

And then it came, the last line of the song. His voice was soft and husky, fused with regret, and the words came out in a low, heartfelt growl that buzzed through the cordless mic out to the hearts of many.

...but it'll only hurt till I die...

The roar that followed shook the room and contrary to his usual ending where he'd revel in the screams, shooting the audience his sharp, bright smile, this time he felt something different and it took over with such intense force that he nearly panicked when he came to the realization of what it was.

Gage stood still, his voice ringing out through the music as the lights came blindingly alive and he forced his thoughts to the back of his mind. He'd deal with it later. Right now, the fans deserved his full attention. Training his eyes straight at the crowd, he forgot about the cameras skirting him on all sides, as well as above and below. All he acknowledged were his fans, here and now in complete appreciation for their loyalty. They could have been anywhere else tonight, but they chose to be here, sharing this final moment of brilliance with him. At times like this, it all seemed worth it. But as always, when he was surrounded by the masses was exactly the time he felt most alone.

And then he saw her.

Her hair was like a flame in the bright lights. Somehow it was almost like he'd felt her presence in the audience and suddenly, there she was. Just close to the second row of fans surging against the barrier mere yards away.

Her eyes were shining with what looked like pride, and her beautiful eyes were glowing so brightly it made his heart ache. Oh no. Fucking hell, no. I can't, not again. I can't go through this again.

Kate, watching him intently, deep respect and admiration shining in her eyes, was so close that if he reached out far enough, he could touch her. But he knew his security would never let him take the risk of leaning so far out in the crowd in the event that he could actually get ripped to pieces by the frenzied fans.

Only with his eyes he touched her, and her look twinkled like stars across to him even as she was jostled by the heaving mass around her. Part of him worried for her safety, that she might get crushed by the heedless surge. The other part of him was just happy she was there, sharing in this golden moment that signified just how far he had come.

Just as it should be... Just like he'd wanted it even back then when he was nothing more than a struggling artist, and he dreamed that when the time came, Kate would be right by his side, rooting him on, his greatest supporter, his biggest fan.

Once again there was the fading of sound but this time it was all in his head as he closed his eyes for a moment. Lost in the screams that grew louder and louder...though all he could hear was the buzzing in his ears as he allowed the truth to take hold of him. Many things may have changed but one thing would remain the same. And it was all because of that red-haired beauty whose face he could pick out from a million others in a vast sea of strangers.

The show was over. Deafening sound filled the air as Gage dropped the microphone to his side before he backed off the stage to roaring applause. A dark swirl cast through Gage's mind and he wasn't aware he was swaying on his feet till the security guards grabbed at him to hold him up. But a moment later he was waving them away, growling that he was fine.

Although the concert was over he knew there would still be other duties including meet and greets, backstage interviews and fan photo sessions.

Gage gritted his teeth, knowing that he should be grateful for all that he had been given, but tonight he was anxious to be alone with Kate...to touch her...to taste her...to celebrate with her.

The endorphins were pumping through his system but for once it wasn't all from the music or the performance. He suspected there was one particular stimulant that was assured to always get him going and he hoped to hell he could see her soon before withdrawal symptoms set in.

Kate. She'd become his drug of choice.

For the past several weeks she'd let him have his way with her and he thought about how she must have felt, with the world she was now living in revolving around him. Her feelings, her wishes, her thoughts - none of that had mattered for the last couple of weeks and now with the tour finally over and the pressure off, he was able to take a step back and soak it all in.

He needed to talk to her, and he needed to talk to her now.

There was the torrent of congratulatory praise buzzing around him, handlers padding him on the back, managers, stage crew, bodyguards, and his band members all crowded his space, shouting and roaring with laughter. It was at times like this that Gage wished he could turn it off, shut it down when it got too much but he knew that he couldn't.

It's all part of the job. He remembered his agent warning him that it wouldn't always be easy but that he had to understand his life was no longer his own. He was a lover and a friend to the public, and he had to always remember that without them, he was nothing.

Without her I'm nothing...

The thought came out of nowhere and he pushed it down to the back of his heart where all hard truths were stuffed away under lock and key. He didn't need anyone, let alone her. He had made it on his own.

With his thoughts scattered and wild he wanted to be anywhere but there, and the trap of the adoring crowd wanting more than he had to give. He'd already given up so much of himself.

Gage's eyes swept around for a glimpse of the one face he wanted to see. Where was Kate? After tonight, she would be gone.

Damn it, he needed her right then; suddenly all he could think about was her soft moans as her delectable body writhed beneath him, the taste of her flesh and sweetness on his tongue, the thick curve of her breast as he tried to suckle every inch of it and her perfect h*ps that he wanted to squeeze in his hands as he pushed himself against her.

Fuck... Gage was in too deep and he knew it.

Then he thought about her bright smile, the way her eyes lit up when she spoke of the latest book she had read, and the way she would try and hide the tears that welled in her eyes whenever she watched romantic movies or how cute she was when she wore his old t-shirts to bed.

He found himself missing her, though it hadn't been long since they had last been together. He wanted to hear her beautiful, timid laughter that always managed to snare his heart, forcing him to roar with laughter, right along with her.

And try as he might, he couldn't pull his thoughts from turning tender as he thought of the gentle, quiet moments of the past. The times she needed him most and he was there to wrap his arms around her and protect her from the harsh reality that waited on her doorstep.

Ever since they had broken up, it was all about the pleasures of the flesh and it didn't matter what her name was, where she came from or where she wanted to go. There was no commitment, and anyone who came into his life knew that there was also no reason to expect anything more than that one night together. He never thought of himself as a womanizer, after all, he was upfront about what he wanted, expected and could give to them. There were no games, no manipulations, and no reason to mislead.

And then she showed up in his dressing room, wanting to interview him for this shit job that she had been forced into taking and he couldn't stop thinking about her ever since.

Damn her...why couldn't she have just stayed away?

He tried to push down the sudden anger that welled in his chest like a tornado of heat that threatened to consume him when his handler appeared, gripping his shoulder and guiding him into a backroom for an interview with some local music station.

Over two hours later, he was finally done signing autographs on t-shirts handed to him by fans being sent through like an assembly line. Now he moved to the room where drinks and food had been arranged for the select few lucky enough to get a personal moment with the rocker and his band. Gage still caught no sight of Kate and had to quell the urge to ask about whether any of the stage crew had seen her.

Had she left without saying goodbye? Her job was certainly done now the concert had ended and the tour was officially over.

Gage gritted his teeth and brushed off the hand of some blonde groupie who'd come up to stand beside him. "Leave."

With a frown she skulked away, in search of another band member.

Fuck this! He'd just closed one of his biggest gigs, what did it matter about one ex who'd never really cared about him? He'd be a fool to want anything more than what they'd shared in the last few weeks. By tonight he'd be on his jet to his chosen pleasure spot where he'd meet up with his entourage of fellow rockers and celeb pals for a week of parties and then on to his next big gig. Gage had never needed anything or anyone else for a long time and it was best, Gage warned himself, not to start now.

This time when he felt someone place a hand on his arm to get his attention, he turned with a snarl only to realize that it was Kate and his face immediately softened.

Her beautiful pale skin was flushed with excitement and she was smiling. His heart eased as he looked into her face, relief washing over him.

"You enjoy the concert?"

A deliciously pretty blush spread over her cheeks. "It was awesome!" Kate replied with a bright smile. "I wanted to watch this last performance from the audience and I was really glad I did. Standing so close to the stage...to you. It made the music feel more...I don't know, alive?... It was just so intense."

"Glad you enjoyed it," Gage murmured, handing her a glass of champagne from the passing server, before snagging one for himself and downing it in one gulp.

What he wouldn't do for some hard whiskey right now - what he wouldn't do for a room to whisk Kate into so he could peel her out of those sinfully tight jeans and sexy boots before ripping off her top so he could taste her exquisitely bare skin.

He could tell she was nervous beneath his unwavering gaze on her body, and she hid her nose in her glass before saying with a teasing tone, "I must admit, you're quite sexy up on that stage."

"Is that right?" he chuckled, snaking his eyes over her once again. She had the sexiest curves, just begging to be devoured by his hungry passion. "Well, then we make a good pair, don't we...because you're incredibly sexy yourself."

Kate's eyes sobered as she gazed up into his face. "You're amazing, Gage," she said softly, suddenly very serious and it caught him off guard. "You've always been amazing. I just never had the faith in you that I should have had. I didn't have faith in myself either back then. I just wanted to make sure that you knew how sorry I am."

Gage's brows creased in dismay. "Why do I have a feeling that you're saying goodbye to me?"

Kate shrugged, looking around at the gathering of media, the gig promoters, band members and the small crowd of groupies. When she turned back to him, her face was guarded. "It's not like we both didn't know the score. It's clear that there's only one way this could go."

Gage paused, frustration swelling in his chest. "I see. And that would be...?"

She merely smiled and shook her head before downing her champagne. When she lowered the glass from her lips, he could see she was gripping the stem so hard her knuckles whitened. Gage stared at her piercingly and caught the wild fluttering in her throat, the breath snagging in her chest as their eyes held. She made to turn and walk off but he grasped her elbow, making her face him again.

"Kate..." he began, before a heavy hand fell on his shoulder and he turned to see his bassist Jeremy looking quizzically at him.

"Gage, we need you for a few. We've got stuff to round up with the promoters and they want you to make an appearance at the after party. It's completely sold out and they'll deal with a lot of heat if you're not there."

"I'll talk to you later," Kate said lightly, moving away from Gage before he could stop her. Gage felt Jeremy's hand close tighter on his shoulder and he pulled away from him angrily.

"Come on, man... You've been on that tail for the whole tour," Jeremy groaned in exasperation. "We've got a ton of press to do, and we can't do it without you."

"You're going to have to," Gage replied with a growl, his eyes trained on Kate making for the open doorway of the crowded room.

"You've lost your mind, man," Jeremy said wryly, his gaze flitting to the redhead that was pushing her way through the crowd. "The way you are around her. She really means something to you, doesn't she?"

Gage turned to Jeremy for a brief moment, his fiery eyes glowing with annoyance. "Yeah...she does," he replied, patting him on the shoulder with a thud. "Take care of it, Jeremy. I've got something that I need to do."

"And what is that?" Jeremy growled, but Gage was already gone.

* * *

Kate barely made it out of the door before she felt Gage's fingers around her wrist.

She tried to jerk away, her eyes pleading as she spun round. "Please. Don't."

It wasn't clear just what she was fighting, but there was too much of an ache in her chest right then to feel much else and she knew exactly what she'd lost all those years ago. Not because he was now famous, but because of what she knew lay in the depths of his soul, a part of him that he kept hidden from everyone else, but when he held her close, she could feel it in his breath, and his heartbeat as it pounded wildly against hers.

She'd thrown it all away once before and now she dare not ask for another chance.

He was staring down into her eyes, his gaze hypnotic and terrifyingly deep. She wasn't sure what he must have read in her face because suddenly he was grinning roguishly. "Come with me."

Kate let out a confused sigh and didn't try to stop him from leading her down one hallway and then another before pushing through a back entrance that brought them out into the cool evening air.

The fresh breeze washed across Kate's face and she gasped, stumbling over her feet, almost crashing to the ground but Gage caught her and brought her into his arms. He carefully led her through the parking lot to the back of the building, where the tour bus waited in the near darkness.

"Gage...no...I can't," Kate breathed, tugging on his arm. Whatever it was he wanted, she just couldn't give him. Not this time. Not when her heart was breaking.

He spun around and grabbed her face, staring deeply into her wide eyes. "Kate...you're not the only one that's sorry," he confessed, his voice gruff and strained.

"Sorry? What could you possibly be sorry about?" Kate sighed, eyes downcast. "I was the one who left. I was the one too foolish to see what it was that I really needed. I was selfish, Gage. I wanted my own picture-perfect life and I treated you like you were nothing. You didn't deserve that."

"You're right, I didn't," Gage told her, his thumb smudging the teardrops that spilled down her cheeks. "But neither did you. I should have fought for you, for us. I should have made you see...made you stay. A woman needs a man ready to fight to keep her by his side. I was so hurt... angry. And yet deep inside I understood why you did what you did and why you never looked back."

Kate flinched at the words that cut like a knife, and hearing him take any blame in her selfishness made her heart feel heavy. "But I did," she said softly, drawing in a deep breath and forcing herself to tell him the truth that had burned in her heart for so long. A truth that still hurt so bad that she'd pushed it way back into her subconscious, unwilling to acknowledge the pain...

Seeing the confusion sprawled across his face forced her to reluctantly continue, "A week after we broke up, I came looking for you. But you'd left."

Gage frowned, realization dawning on his face. "We were kicked out."

Kate shrugged wearily. "So I called up your sister because I couldn't reach you. She told me you'd...you'd moved on. That you and Cary had gotten back together."

She saw Gage's jaw unhinge in surprise, and it was all she could do not to break apart.

"Cary?"

Cary was Gage's ex-girlfriend from before the time that he and Kate had met. His first love, they had been together from the time they were teens in high school until Gage had dropped out of college to pursue his career in music.

Gage had admitted to Kate back then that the breakup had been his fault because he'd wanted to focus on his art and couldn't find time for Cary. But then he met Kate and all of that was a distant, forgotten memory. Kate became his muse, his passion and every time he played, he told her that the thought of her took him to a place where music met magic. Kate had realized too late after leaving him what he meant to her - and when she rushed back a week later to seek him out, it was to find that he was back with his ex.

"Look, I never blamed you for getting back together with Cary," Kate added dully when the silence stretched on. "I know that when I walked away, you warned me that it would be over for good. I know that I pushed you into her arms and I certainly couldn't blame your sister for sounding so smug on the phone when she told me you were happier now that you were with Cary again. That Cary had always understood the real you."

"You think I rebounded with Cary?" Gage barked, his hold tightening on her shoulders and making her wince. "Man, you really don't think much of me, do you?"

"It doesn't matter, Gage," Kate blurted out. "I shouldn't have thought you'd be waiting around for me to come back. And besides, you and Cary go back a long way..."

"So where is she now?" Gage asked, his voice dangerously low, his scowl darkening. Kate was shaking her head mutely, confused by his anger.

"If she means so much to me than why isn't she the one that I'm chasing after like a f**king idiot while everyone thinks I've lost my god damned mind?"

"Gage, please stop," Kate breathed, her gaze locked onto the tortured look in his eyes.

"If you mean stop wanting you, then no, Kate, I won't," he told her gruffly, making her heart lurch. "Because I have no f**king idea how to."

His lips caught hers with a fire that ignited her core and she opened her mouth to his hungry tongue and allowed him entry. His hands molded over her trembling body as he ravaged her lips till they were bruised and swollen.

Delirious with his desire for her, he rubbed the tip of his nose against her cheek, his breath ragged and hot against her blazing skin, only to return his mouth to hers in a fiery kiss.

Her hands slipped around his neck, her spine bending back beneath the force of his passion. His arms were like steel bands around her waist and without breaking pace, he lifted her off the ground and up the steps into the tour bus.

His lips were trailing down her throat, his hands squeezing into her h*ps as he backed her down into the nearby couch. In an instant he was straddling her thighs, trapping her in place as his hands moved beneath her t-shirt to seize her br**sts in their satin cups. Kate let out a gasp, flinging her head back as she closed her eyes to savor the thrill of his touch. He was sucking on her neck, groaning deep in his throat and whispering how much he needed her. How he was never going to have enough of her. His words made her whimper in helpless arousal, her n**ples turning to stiff nubs between his stroking fingers.

Deep in her swollen core, she shook with the realization that she needed this as much as he did.

One last time, Kate swore to herself as her hands began to slide up his shirted chest, making him growl with pleasure at her aggressive touch. Something wild and wanton came over her and her fingers suddenly raked down his shirt, lifting it from his chest until she couldn't reach into the air any higher and he pulled it up and over his head before throwing it to the ground.

She could feel him shiver once her hands touched his bare skin, her caresses bold as they roamed his flesh. He squeezed on her breast roughly and made her cry out in pleasure and pain. Her fingertips grazed his n**ples in return, stroking them and reveling in the feeling of the solid, rippling muscles. Gage moaned her name out loud, right before he lifted the shirt from her body to reveal her heaving br**sts bound in pale pink satin. He unclasped her bra, freeing her br**sts, so his hungry mouth could consume them.

The pink-tipped mounds were hard and they pierced into his cheek as his tongue suckled lightly and then more aggressively as he tried to take in as much of her soft skin as possible. His teeth scraped over one nipple while his fingertips worked the other into a perfect diamond-hard peak, the silky skin glistening with his saliva in the dim light of the tour bus. He lapped and suckled at the swollen bud, and Kate groaned in torment. He greedily cupped both br**sts in his hands and pressed his face into the swollen mounds. Licking, nipping, sucking, he moved from one to the other, his tongue swirling passionately around the hard nubs and swells of her br**sts.

Still with one nipple covered in the heat of his mouth, Gage's hands lowered to the front of her jeans, urgently tugging on the buttons. In no time he had them unfastened, shoving the tight jeans down her generous hips. Kate lifted off the couch, letting him undress her. He moved his lips lower, gliding over her ribcage, her quivering belly, till he was kneeling before her. His tongue trailed over her flesh and he groaned deeply as she arched her spine, offering herself up to his teasing passion. He reached underneath to cup her ass and lift her up, pressing her into his face. He flicked his tongue across her thigh and felt her shudder convulsively, before he dipped even lower, his cool tongue leaving a trail of wetness across her heated core. He nuzzled the softness of her panties and Kate felt the darkness of bliss explode within her vision, blinding her.

He pulled her legs apart, moving her panties to the side of her thigh, revealing her swollen labia. Lowering his face between her legs she felt the flutter of his skillful, velvet tongue against her p**sy, flying over her thighs and then back over to her budding, hard clit.

"Oh, God..."

He sucked her cl*t into his mouth gently and carefully, taking his time with every inch of it, playing with the sensitive nub until she was screaming for mercy.

Never should have let you go, Kate seemed to hear him say, his raspy words muffled into her p**sy. Shuddering, Gage lifted his face to look at her and Kate's hooded vision noted the tortured shadows in his handsome features.

"You make me want you so badly," he said on a groan. "It's not like I thought it would be; it's not something that's going to just fade away."

Kate stared deeply into his eyes. "What do you want from me?" The wonder in her tone could not be denied. From the first time she'd seen him again, she'd been under his spell. Many times she could have told him to go to hell, or she could have walked away but she didn't. The pull was too strong; like a magnet, he drew her to him till she was at risk of losing her sense of self. Could she make the final leap of faith and fall into him like her soul begged her to do?

"You don't have to fight this," Gage told her, making her chest constrict as she realized he could sense her wariness, her inner fears and insecurities.

"This can be what we both want. It doesn't need to make sense, Kate. We both know no one else can make us feel this way."

He lifted himself up and leaned over her, kissing her lightly, teasing her with his soft tongue, and she tried to force him to kiss her harder and deeper as his words swam in her mind, leaving her breathless but he pulled away, standing on his feet. Kate watched hungrily as he unzipped his faded jeans and let them drop, exposing his thick, swollen cock.

Kate edged forward, anxious to wrap her hand around the shaft. She licked her lips to wet them, as she closed her fist around his granite-hard erection. Gage groaned deeply as she started to stroke him, moving her wrists skillfully, fluidly, twisting and pulling his c*ck in a steady dance of unbridled desire. She whimpered as she felt him swell in her hand, a drop of pr**um tipping from the head to squeeze its way down to her wrist. Working his shaft up and down, she felt the vibrations rumble from his throat, his hunger burning into the air. She felt his thighs flex in anticipation as she moved her mouth closer, warming his broad, carved cockhead with her soft breath.

Gage grasped the back of her head in both his hands, his fingers tangling in her hair, his h*ps jerking forward at the mere whisper of her lips closing in on his throbbing cock. Kate opened her lips wide open to accept his cock, sucking hard and deep. She carefully slid one hand down the full length of him, reveling in the heated flesh that ran through her fingers. She followed the trail with her mouth, hollowing her cheeks so she could take more of him in, her head bobbing up and down, intent on swallowing up every inch of him. Focusing on sucking as hard as she could while maintaining the perfect speed, she was spurred on by the ragged growl that tore from his throat.

His hands in her hair were urging, his moans filling the tour bus and giving her all the incentive she needed to be more adventurous, giving. She pulled his c*ck out of her mouth and slid her tongue up and down his powerful erection, slanting her head and feeding his balls into her mouth. She felt them tighten, her name a gruff sound in his throat. Bracing her hands on his muscular hips, she returned to sucking his cock, using the muscles in her cheeks to draw him in deeper till his base was stretching her lips and jaw. The walls of her throat rippled around him as her gag reflex kicked in, but she didn't pull away. Wanting to give him as much pleasure as she was could, she fought to relax her throat as she rocked her mouth forward and backwards on his cock.

Gage was panting, his pelvis thrusting harder as his fingers gripped her hair tightly. Kate could feel him pushing himself deeper into her mouth, before moving back again, steadily mounting her face while she sucked him with everything she had. Mouth filling with saliva, which spilled from the edges, and sweat misting her brow, Kate matched his rhythm. Suddenly, he paused, his lips parted and gasping for breath.

Moving quickly, he pulled her up to him, his mouth melding against hers, all thought taking flight on passion's wings. She clung to his broad shoulders as he carried her through to the bunkroom and moments later Kate felt the bouncy firmness of the bed beneath her. Lying on her back, she felt Gage hook his fingers into her panties and draw them down her raised hips, down her legs before peeling them from her ankles.

Discarding them, he reached for her left leg, planting kisses on her ankle and then up the smooth length of her shapely calf. Kate sunk her teeth into her bottom lip and bit back a moan, her eyes dimming as he sucked the softness of her inner thigh right above her knee. Clutching the sheets, she arched her back as he glided a hand up her thigh. Kate shivered when she felt Gage's fingertips graze her cl*t once again.

His lips joined to tease her glistening folds to a pulsating frenzy. He lapped at her slit, plucking at her labia till she began to glide her h*ps in a sensual dance of bliss.

"Oh...Gage," she moaned, as he pushed his fingers into her - knuckle-deep. He nibbled and sucked on her cl*t while he forced his fingers against her g-spot. Her cries of pleasure filled the tour bus, and it took just minutes to get her to her peak. But before she could reach the point of no return, he raised his head, smiling wolfishly as she whimpered in protest.

His breath fanned over her flesh as he stretched up to kiss his way across her body, seizing her br**sts and squeezing them passionately. His frame covered hers and Kate moaned at the sensation of his powerful masculinity pressing her down into the mattress. She writhed beneath the warm texture of his tongue rolling over her aching n**ples, as his hands gripped her ass and then squeezed her lower back, making their way up to her neck which he held tightly to, controlling her every movement. Helplessly aroused, Kate felt her hands shoving against his chest as she tried to ease the blissful torment. With urgency, he took hold of her arms and pinned them on either side of her head while his knee pushed in between her thighs. Kate felt his impressively long and thick c*ck prod her inner thigh and she gasped out loud in fevered anticipation.

"I need to be inside you, Kate," he groaned, his face buried in her neck. "I need to."

Kate purred at his sensual words, obediently widening her legs for him. He had her arms pinned down against the soft pillows, giving her a helpless feeling that only heightened her desire. His cockhead stroked along her velvet slit, the slickness of her mound making him groan in anticipation. He lifted his head and gazed into her eyes as if to memorize her every feature and expression. Breathless, Kate couldn't look away, mesmerized by the flames of passion lighting up her handsome lovers face.

No words, just the burn. Gage surged his lower body and then with force, drove his c*ck past her warm, ready entrance, with a hard and brutal thrust.

Kate gasped, jolted by the roughness of his movement. His eyes darkened and a grimace of pleasure-pain crossed his face as he fought the natural resistance of her silky walls that closed tightly around his shaft. Keeping his gaze locked on her face, he drew back once more and slammed in again, deeper and harder. Kate cried out, pushed higher up the bed by the strength of his thrust. Again and again, he pulled out to the tip and then rammed back in, a sweet danger in his every motion. Kate's back arched off the bed, her chest crushed against his and she turned her face to the left and right, shattered by her own fiery need.

No one had ever made her feel this way; Gage snatched her from the valley and drew her up to the wondrous skies with him. He moved his h*ps in a pounding tempo and she raised her pelvis to meet his every charge. From rough to brutal, he took and took and made her scream with ecstasy, her breath exploding from her lungs. To be so magnificently filled by his cock, to feel each grinding thrust in her womb, was enough to suffocate her in a pit of lust as her br**sts swung beneath him. Her n**ples, so stiff they hurt, turned raw as her flesh rubbed against his chest.

It was a delightful friction. Totally owned by his vigorous claiming, Kate wrapped her legs tightly around his waist, the slap of their flesh filling the bunkroom of the tour bus. Her walls massaged his rampaging shaft, the muscles gripping and releasing in ways that triggered the shudders that racked his muscular frame, making him push harder, forcing himself in deeper and deeper.

Gage let go of her arms and raised himself above her so he could look at her fully...deeply. Only then did he slow down, watching her face as if he were hypnotized by the sparkle in her eyes, or the hunger that was flushed across her beautiful face. Together, they were lost in the carnal web that ensnared them, their lips melding as tightly as their bodies did. Once again he covered her squirming body as his thrusts began to blur, his h*ps moving so fast it felt like a piston battering through her.

"Say you'll come away with me," Gage rasped, his hands holding the sides of her head, his elbows digging on either side of the mattress to keep him braced against her. Kate's eyes widened, her breath shortening as within her p**sy, a warm, billowing sensation bloomed. He felt heavenly buried deep inside her, like he belonged.

"Gage..." she moaned, shaking her head and not sure if it was in refusal of what he was asking, or to ease the blackout threatening to overtake her as her orgasm loomed.

"Stay with me...like this. Let me make love to you every night. I can't do that if you leave...so come away with me..." He broke off, pressing his lips against her in a scalding kiss. "Wherever I need to be, I want you with me, Kate. Say yes."

I can't, she mouthed, in between his hot, hard kisses. Her eyes were filled with torment and she wondered if he knew what he was asking of her. Part of her heart filled with relief and joy that he still wanted her around, but another part of her feared that it could never possibly work. She didn't mean to be so stubborn, but she was terrified to go down an unknown road with him. Not when it might lead them into hell.

"You can," Gage growled, his thrusts becoming all the more purposeful, branding. Kate cried out in ecstasy, her lower body jerking and pumping upwards as she dug the soles of her feet into his ass.

Gage tilted his head to look at her, and he saw fire swirling in her eyes. A defiant heat that hadn't been there before. She slid her hand down his lower back to his muscular ass and he tensed, her sudden aggression catching him off guard, turning him on.

Pausing, almost deliberately, she scraped her fingernails across his sensitive skin before kneading the muscles of his ass, pushing him toward her, forcing his c*ck back into her smoldering hot p**sy.

He had such a beautiful body, but she felt much more than lust for him - she felt possessiveness, as if she needed to mark every inch of him as hers, now and forever and the desperate panic that rose in her chest at the thought of a lifetime spent sharing him with millions of other women made her cry out suddenly, her angry moans echoing through the bus.

Her p**sy buzzed with heat and Kate shuddered, ready for it. She could feel Gage stiffen above her, felt his muscles clench beneath her heels. His fingers locked within her hair as he buried his c*ck deep inside of her.

"Kate..." he moaned hoarsely, licking her earlobe, his breath mashing against her neck. He knew her weakness. The sound of her name on his lips was intoxicating and she kissed him with tender abandon as she exploded onto his shaft. Like a walloping wave, it sent her under even before she knew it was upon her. She jerked and screeched at the same time that she felt his body suddenly shake with the power of his release. He came as hard as she did, fast and brutal, his h*ps pumping hard against her, sem*n bursting from his cock, emptying himself deep inside of her until he had no more to give.

Kate felt Gage slump against her and she wrapped her arms tightly around his bare shoulders. This feeling was beyond ecstasy, beyond bliss. It was incredible, immeasurable. And nothing would ever come close to it again.

"You're staying," he said without question, as he pulled away from her, his chest heaving. His hand made a grab for her arm but Kate turned away, her feet swinging down to the floor. She'd attempted to dress quickly, her legs shaky, her head buzzing.

"Gage, you're not thinking this through," she said, sighing heavily as she watched him reach for his jeans. He looked around for his shirt but couldn't seem to find it. This time he was quick enough to catch her off-guard and he seized her arm. Kate cried out in frustration and he released her from his grip.

"What more do you want from me?" Gage growled.

Kate was tugging on her boots when a loud noise at the front of the bus drew their attention. Gage peered from the tinted window and muttered as a shadowy figure made its way to the door.

"Fucking hell..."

"Just let me go," Kate whispered, rising and pushing past him.

"No. You're not going anywhere...not like this," he snapped.

Kate huffed angrily. "Let me go, Gage..."

She shoved at him, intent on escaping while she could, but he grabbed her by the shoulders and pinned her against the wall.

"Damn, you!" Kate cried out in frustration.

He gripped the underside of her chin, holding it tightly, as he moved his mouth to the crook of her neck, his breath hot against her skin.

"Maybe you shouldn't be in such a hurry to walk away from me again, Kate," he hissed, tightening his grip.

"So I should stay, is that it? And then what, Gage? Hope that you don't get tired of me in a few months? That you don't give in to the swarm of groupies that throw themselves at you at every show?" Kate eyes were blazing with fire. "How long do you think I can hold your attention in this crazy world of yours?"

Gage scowled. "Kate..."

He was cut off by the sound of someone coming up the steps and onto the bus. Quickly, Gage pulled the curtains of the cabin area shut, as footsteps moved in between the bunks.

"Gage?" It was Jeremy.

Kate's head jerked away angrily just as the bassist's voice sounded from outside the curtain, "You shouldn't have taken off like that, man. Doesn't look good especially with media here."

"Why won't you let me go?" Kate whispered, staring up at Gage as the anger left her, despair taking its place. She no longer struggled against him. The fight had left her.

His eyes looked lost, his expression cloaked in confusion and she wondered with desperation if he would do it...open his heart to her. Finally say the words that would make this real... if he would promise himself to her and her only.

Jeremy broke the silent tension that lingered between them as he called out to Gage once again. "Everyone's waiting, Gage. Are you -"

"Get the f**k out of here!" Gage snapped, furiously.

Silence...and then the sound of Jeremy's frustrated sigh. "Come on, man. I thought you knew better. You don't think we've all had our fair share of ex girlfriends, baby-mama's and distant relatives ...all show up, looking to rekindle some bullshit connection the moment they found out we had made it? She's just another groupie, Gage."

In a wild blur, Gage's grip on her was gone, as he disappeared behind the curtain. She heard the sharp snap of his fist clashing with Jeremy's face, the thud ripping through the bus and she knew that Gage had lost all control.

"What the fuck, man?" Jeremy bellowed.

In a panic, Kate raced by them and headed for the three steps that would lead her out of this crazy world and back to her simple, quiet life.

A shirtless Gage swore and tore out of the cabin, his bare feet flying after Kate who was already halfway across the lot.

"Kate!"

Gage rushed after her, even as he heard Jeremy holler, "Brand!"

A member of the security team suddenly appeared, blocking the entrance, his expression at a loss. "Gage, man. Calm down. You can't be chasing after a woman ...anyone could see you. And look man; you don't even have a shirt on. Just let me call it in and we'll take you to wherever you need to be."

Growling, Gage shook his head. "Get out of my way, Brand."

Angrily, he shoved past the huge security guard, and then sprinted out the door in search of Kate.

* * *

"Kate!"

He yelled her name again and again, his eyes scanning the parking lot as his voice echoed through the night. Gage ran through an open side gate and he could see that many of the equipment trucks were gone; the tour was over.

The sound of a car engine a few hundred yards away caught his attention, and he quickly turned in its direction. He heard a car door slam and he moved faster.

"Kate!"

The cab's headlights turned on and Gage twisted away from the powerful gleam of the lights.

He saw her face, pale and distressed, her hair wild and he felt his heart breaking in his chest...bleeding in agony. Gage knew he was acting crazy, but he couldn't stop. Couldn't keep his heart from racing as fear and panic set in.

"I love you..." he heard himself groan, just as the car tore away with a screech of tires on the cool pavement.

Gage was running. Chasing after the cab even though it was no use. It headed out of the parking section and vanished around the corner.

Fuck. Fuck. His legs stopped, his body doubling over from the stitch in his side. Trying to catch his breath, he leaned his hands on his knees.

"Fuck!" he cursed through clenched teeth as Brand stood in the shadows, watching the scene unfold.

He knew what she had needed from him, and he hadn't given it to her. His chest ached and the pain only intensified as he realized that she wasn't coming back. He ran his fingers through his hair, gripping his scalp in frustration, a growl rumbling into the night. He sucked in a deep breath, willing the pain to subside just long enough so he could breathe...and plan. He needed a plan. She'd walked away before and he'd let her go. This time, he wouldn't make it so easy. He'd been a fighter his entire life, fighting for respect, for glory, for fame. Now there was only one thing worth fighting for and he wouldn't give up until she was back in his arms where she belonged.

