Prologue

January 1st, 2012

"Resolutions"

I'm confident 2012 will be our year. Mine and Lake's year.

The last few years have definitely not been in our favor. At the end of 2008, my parent's both passed away unexpectedly, leaving me to raise my little brother all on my own. It didn't help that Vaughn decided to end our two-year relationship on the heels of their death. To top it off, I ended up having to drop my scholarship. Leaving the University and moving back to Ypsilanti to become Caulder's guardian was one of the hardest decisions I've ever made...but also one of the best decisions.

I spent every single day of the next year learning how to adjust. How to adjust to heartbreak, how to adjust to having no parents, how to adjust to essentially becoming a parent myself and the sole provider of a family. Looking back on it, I don't think I could have made it through 2009 without Caulder. He's the only thing that kept me going...

I don't even remember the entire first half of 2010. That year didn't start for me until September 22nd, the day I first laid eyes on Lake. Of course, 2010 turned out to be just as difficult as the previous years, but in a completely different way. I'd never felt more alive than when I was with her...but considering our circumstances, I couldn't be with her. So, I guess I didn't spend a lot of time feeling alive.

2011 was better in its own way. There was a lot of falling in love, a lot of grief, a lot of healing and even more adjusting. Julia passed away in September of that year. I didn't expect her death to be as hard on me as it was. It was almost like losing my mother all over again.

I miss my mother. And I miss Julia. Thank god I have Lake.

Like me, my father loved to write. He always used to tell me that writing his daily thoughts down was therapeutic for his soul. Maybe one of the reasons I've had such a difficult time adjusting during the past three years is because I didn't take his advice. I assumed slamming a few times a year was enough 'therapy' for me. Maybe I was wrong. I want 2012 to be everything I have planned for it to be...perfect. With all that said (or written, rather) writing is my resolution for 2012. Even if it's just one word a day, I'm going to write it down....get it out of me.

Part One

Thursday, January 5th, 2012.

I registered for classes today. I didn't get the days I wanted, but I only have two semesters left so it's getting harder to be picky about my schedule. I'm thinking about applying to local schools for another teaching job after next semester. Hopefully by this time next year I'll be teaching again. For right now, though...I'm still living off student loans. Luckily my grandparents have been supportive while I work on my Master's degree. I wouldn't be able to do it without them, that's for sure.

We're having dinner with Gavin and Eddie tonight. I think I'll make cheeseburgers. Cheeseburgers sound good. That's all I really have to say right now...

Chapter One

"Is Layken over here or over there?" Eddie asks, peering her head in the front door.

"Over there," I say from the kitchen.

Is there a sign on my house instructing people not to knock? Of course Lake never knocks anymore, but her comfort here has apparently extended to Eddie as well. Eddie heads across the street to Lake's house and Gavin walks inside, tapping his knuckles against the front door. It's not an official knock, but at least he makes an attempt.

"What are we eating?" he asks. He slips his shoes off at the door and makes his way into the kitchen.

"Burgers." I hand him a spatula and point to the stove, instructing him to flip the burgers while I pull the fries out of the oven.

"Will, do you ever notice how we somehow always get stuck cooking?"

"It's probably not a bad thing," I say as I loosen the fries from the pan. "Remember Eddie's alfredo?"

He grimaces when he remembers the alfredo. "Good point," he says.

I call Kel and Caulder into the kitchen to have them set the table. For the past year, since Lake and I have been together, Gavin and Eddie have been eating with us at least twice a week. I finally had to invest in a dining room table because the bar was getting a little too crowded.

"Hey, Gavin," Kel says. He walks into the kitchen and grabs a stack of cups out of the cabinet.

"Hey," Gavin responds. "You decide where we're having your party next week?"

Kel shrugs. "I don't know. Maybe bowling. Or we could just do something here."

Caulder walks into the kitchen and starts setting places at the table. I glance behind me and notice them setting an extra place.

"We expecting company?" I ask.

"Kel invited Kiersten," Caulder says, teasingly.

Kiersten moved into a house on our street about a month ago, and Kel seems to have developed a slight crush on her. He won't admit it, of course. He's just now about to turn eleven, so Lake and I expected this to happen. Kiersten's a few months older than him, and a lot taller. Girls hit puberty faster than boys, so maybe he'll eventually catch up.

"Next time you guys invite someone else, let me know. Now I need to make another burger." I walk to the refrigerator and take out one of the extra patties.

"She doesn't eat meat," Kel says. "She's a vegetarian."

Figures. I put the meat back inside the fridge. "I don't have any fake meat. What's she gonna do? Eat bread?"

"Bread's fine," Kiersten says as she walks through the front door...without knocking. "I like bread. French fries, too. I just don't eat things that are a result of unjustified animal homicides."

Kiersten walks to the table and grabs the roll of paper towels and starts tearing them off, laying one beside each plate. Her self-assurance reminds me a little of Eddie.

"Who's she?" Gavin asks, watching Kiersten make herself at home. She's never eaten with us before, but you wouldn't know that by how she's taking command.

"She's the eleven-year-old neighbor I was telling you about. The one I think is an imposter based on the things that come out of her mouth. I'm beginning to suspect she's really a tiny adult, posing as a little red headed child."

"Oh, the one Kel's crushing on?" Gavin smiles and I can see his wheels turning. He's already thinking of ways to embarrass Kel at dinner. Tonight should be interesting.

Gavin and I have become pretty close this past year. It's good, I guess...considering how close Eddie and Lake are. Kel and Caulder really like them, too. It's nice. I like the setup we all have. I hope it stays this way.

Eddie and Lake finally walk in just as we're all sitting down at the table. Lake has her wet hair pulled up into a knot on top of her head. She's wearing house shoes, sweat pants and a t-shirt. I love that about her; the fact that she's so comfortable here. She takes the seat next to mine and leans in and kisses me on the cheek.

"Thanks, Babe. Sorry it took me so long. I was trying to register online for Statistics but the class is full. Guess I'll have to go sweet talk someone at the admin. office tomorrow."

"Why are you taking statistics?" Gavin asks. He grabs the ketchup and squirts it on his plate.

"I took Algebra II in the Winter mini-mester. I'm trying to knock out all my math in the first year since I hate it so much." Lake grabs the ketchup out of Gavin's hands and squirts some on my plate, then on her own.

"What's your hurry? You've already got more credits than Eddie and I put together," he says. Eddie nods in agreement as she takes a bite of her burger.

Lake nudges her head toward Kel and Caulder. "I've already got more kids than you and Eddie put together, too. That's my hurry."

"What's your major?" Kiersten asks Lake.

Eddie glances toward Kiersten, finally noticing the extra person seated at the table. "Who are you?"

Kiersten looks at Eddie and smiles. "I'm Kiersten. I live diagonal to Will and Caulder, parallel to Layken and Kel. We moved here from Detroit right before Christmas. Mom says we needed to get out of the city, before the city got out of us...whatever that means. I'm eleven. I've been eleven since eleven-eleven-eleven. It was a pretty big day, you know. Not many people can say they turned eleven on eleven-eleven-eleven. I'm a little bummed I was born at three o'clock in the afternoon, though. If I would have been born at 11:11, I'm pretty sure I could have got on the news or something. I could have recorded the segment and used it someday for my portfolio. I'm gonna be an actress when I grow up."

Eddie, along with the rest of us, stare at Kiersten without responding. Kiersten is oblivious, turning to Lake to repeat her question. "What's your major, Layken?"

Lake lays her burger down on her plate and clears her throat. I know how much she hates this question. She tries to answer confidently. "I haven't decided yet."

Kiersten looks at her pitifully. "I see. The proverbial undecided. My oldest brother has been a Sophomore in college for three years. He's got enough credits to have five majors by now. I think he remains undecided because he'd rather sleep until noon every day, sit in class for three hours and go out every night, than actually graduate and get a real job. Mom says that's not true...she says it's because he's trying to 'discover his full potential' by examining all of his interests. If you ask me, I think it's bullshit."

I cough when the drink I just swallowed tries to make its way back up with my laugh.

"You just said bullshit!" Kel says.

"Kel, don't say bullshit!" Lake says.

"But she said bullshit first," Caulder says, defending Kel.

"Caulder, don't say bullshit!" I yell.

"Sorry," Kiersten says to Lake and I. "Mom says the FCC is responsible for inventing cusswords just for media shock value. She says if everyone would just use them enough, they wouldn't be considered cusswords anymore and no one would ever be offended by them."

This kid is hard to keep up with!

"Your mother encourages you to cuss?" Gavin says.

Kiersten nods. "I don't see it that way. It's more like she's encouraging us to undermine a system flawed through overuse of words that are made out to be harmful, when in fact they're just letters, mixed together like every other word. That's all they are, mixed up letters. Like, take the word 'butterfly' for example. What if someone decided one day that butterfly is a cussword? People would eventually start using the word butterfly as an insult, and to emphasize things in a negative way. The actual word doesn't mean anything. It's the negative association people give these words that make them cusswords. So, if we all just decided to keep saying butterfly all the time, eventually people would stop caring. The shock value would subside...and it would become just another word again. Same with every other so-called bad word. If we would all just start saying them all the time, they wouldn't be bad anymore. That's what my mom says, anyway." She smiles and takes a french fry and dips it in ketchup.

I often wonder when Kiersten's visiting, how she turned out the way she did. I have yet to actually meet Kiersten's mother, but from what I've gathered, she's definitely not ordinary. Kiersten is obviously smarter than most kids her age...even if it is in a strange way. The things that come out of her mouth make Kel and Caulder seem somewhat normal.

"Kiersten?" Eddie says. "Will you be my new best friend?"

Lake grabs a french fry off her plate and throws it at Eddie, hitting her in the face with it. "That's bullshit," Lake says.

"Oh, go butterfly yourself," Eddie says. She returns a fry in Lake's direction.

I intercept the french fry, hoping this doesn't result in another food fight like last week. I'm still finding broccoli everywhere. "Stop," I say, dropping the French fry on the table. "If you two have another food fight in my house tonight, I'm kicking both of your butterflies!"

Lake can see I'm serious about the food fight. She squeezes my leg under the table and changes the subject. "Suck and sweet time," she says.

"Suck and sweet time?" Kiersten asks, confused.

Kel fills her in. "It's where you have to say your suck and your sweet of the day. The good and the bad. The high and the low. We do it every night at supper."

Kiersten nods as though she understands.

"I'll go first," Eddie says. "My suck today was registration. I got stuck in Monday, Wednesday, Friday classes. Tuesday and Thursdays were full."

Everyone wants the Tuesday/Thursday schedules. The classes are longer, but it's a fair trade only having to go twice a week, rather than three times.

"My sweet is meeting Kiersten, my new best friend," Eddie says, glaring at Lake.

Lake grabs another french fry and throws it at Eddie. Eddie ducks and the fry goes over her head. I take Lake's plate from her and scoot it to the other side of me, out of her reach.

Lake shrugs her shoulders and smiles at me. "Sorry." She grabs a fry off my plate and puts it in her mouth.

"Your turn, Mr. Cooper," Eddie says. She stills calls me that occasionally, usually when she's trying to point out the fact that I'm being a "bore."

"My suck was definitely registration, too. I got Monday, Wednesday, Friday."

Lake turns to me, upset. "What? I thought we were both doing Tuesday, Thursday classes."

"I tried, Babe. They don't offer my level courses on those days. I texted you."

She pouts. "Man, that really is a suck," she says. "And I didn't get your text. I can't find my phone again."

She's always losing her phone.

"What's your sweet?" Eddie asks me.

That's easy. "My sweet is right now," I say as I kiss Lake on the forehead.

Kel and Caulder both groan. "Will, that's your sweet every night," Caulder says, annoyed.

"My turn," Lake says. "Registration was actually my sweet. I haven't figured out the statistics yet, but my other four classes were exactly what I wanted." She looks at Eddie and continues. "My suck was losing my best friend to an eleven-year-old."

Eddie laughs.

"I wanna go," Kiersten says. No one objects. "My suck was having bread for dinner," she says, eyeing her plate.

She's ballsy. I toss another slice of bread on her plate. "Maybe next time you show up uninvited to a carnivore's house, you should bring your own fake meat."

She ignores my comment. "My sweet was three o'clock."

"What happened at three o'clock?" Gavin asks.

Kiersten shrugs her shoulders. "School let out. I butterflying hate school."

All three of the kids glance at each other, almost as if there's an unspoken agreement between them. I make a mental note to talk to Caulder about it later. Lake nudges me with her elbow and shoots me a questioning glance, letting me know she's thinking the same thing.

"Your turn, whatever your name is," Kiersten says to Gavin.

"It's Gavin. And my suck would have to be the fact that an eleven-year-old has a larger vocabulary than me," he says, smiling at Kiersten. "My sweet today is sort of a surprise." He looks at Eddie and waits for her response.

"What?" Eddie says.

"Yeah, what?" Lake adds.

I'm curious, too. Gavin just leans back in his seat with a smile on his face, waiting for us to guess.

Eddie gives him a shove. "Tell us!" she says.

He leans forward in his chair and slaps his hands on the table. "I got a job! At Getty's, delivering pizza!"

He looks happy for some reason.

"That's your sweet? You're a pizza delivery guy?" Eddie asks. "That's more like a suck."

"You know I've been looking for a job. And it's Getty's. We love Getty's!"

Eddie rolls her eyes. "Well, congratulations," she says, unconvincingly.

"Do we get free pizza?" Kel asks.

"No, but we get a discount," Gavin replies.

"That's my sweet, then," Kel says. "Cheap pizza!" Gavin looks pleased that someone is excited for him. "My suck today was Mrs. Brill," Kel says.

"Oh lord, what'd she do?" Lake asks him. "Or better yet, what did you do?"

"It wasn't just me," Kel says.

Caulder puts his elbow on the table and tries to hide his face from my line of sight.

"What did you do, Caulder?" I ask him. He brings his hand down and looks up at Gavin. Gavin puts his elbow on the table and shields his face from my line of sight as well. He continues to eat as he ignores my glare. "Gavin? What prank did you tell them about this time?"

Gavin grabs two fries and throws them at Kel and Caulder. "No more! I'm not telling you any more stories. You two get me in trouble every time!" he says. Kel and Caulder laugh and throw the fries back at him.

"I'll tell on them, I don't mind," Kiersten says. "They got in trouble at lunch. Mrs. Brill was on the other side of the cafeteria and they were thinking of a way to get her to run. Everyone says she waddles like a duck when she runs, and we wanted to see it. So Kel pretended he was choking and Caulder made a huge spectacle and got behind him and started beating on his back, pretending he was giving him the Heimlich maneuver. It freaked Mrs. Brill out! When she got to our table, Kel said he was all better. He told Mrs. Brill that Caulder saved his life. It would have been fine, but she had already told someone to call 911. Within minutes, two ambulances and a fire truck showed up to the school. One of the boys at the next table told Mrs. Brill they were faking the whole thing, so Kel got called to the office."

Lake leans forward and glares at Kel. "Please tell me this is a joke."

Kel looks up at her with an innocent look across his face. "It was a joke. I really didn't think anyone would call 911. Now I have to spend all next week in detention."

"Why didn't Mrs. Brill call me?" Lake asks him.

"I'm pretty sure she did," he says. "You can't find your phone, remember?"

"Ugh! If she calls me in for another conference, you're grounded!"

I look at Caulder and he's attempting to avoid my gaze. "Caulder, what about you? Why didn't Mrs. Brill try to call me?"

He turns toward me and gives me a mischievous grin. "Kel lied for me. He told her I really thought he was choking and that I was trying to save his life," he says. "Which brings me to my sweet for the day. I was rewarded for my heroic behavior. Mrs. Brill gave me two free study hall passes."

Only Caulder could find a way to avoid detention and get rewarded instead. "You two need to cut that crap out," I say to them. "And Gavin, no more prank stories."

"Yes, Mr. Cooper," Gavin says sarcastically. "But I have to know," he says, looking at the kids. "Does she really waddle?"

"Yeah," Kiersten laughs. "She's a waddler, alright." She looks at Caulder. "What was your suck, Caulder?"

Caulder gets a serious look on his face. "My best friend almost choked to death today. He could have died."

We all laugh. As much as Lake and I try to do the responsible thing by them, sometimes it's hard to draw the line between being the rule enforcer and being the sibling. We choose which battles to pick with the boys, and Lake says it's important that we don't choose very many. I look at her and she's laughing, so I assume this isn't one she wants to fight tonight.

"Can I finish my food now?" Lake says, pointing to her plate that's still on the other side of me, out of her reach. I scoot the plate back in front of her. "Thank you, Mr. Cooper," she says.

I knee her under the table. She knows I hate it when she calls me that. I don't know why it still bothers me so much. Probably because when I actually was her teacher, it was absolute torture. Our connection progressed so quickly that first night I took her out. I'd never met anyone I had so much fun just being myself with. I spent the entire weekend thinking about her. The moment I walked around the corner and saw her standing in the hallway in front of my classroom, it felt like my heart was ripped right out of my chest. I knew immediately what she was doing there, even though it took her a little while longer to figure it out. When she finally realized I was a teacher, the look in her eyes absolutely devastated me. She was hurt. Heartbroken. Just like me. One thing I know for sure, I never want to see that look in her eyes again.

Kiersten stands up and takes her plate to the sink. "I have to go. Thanks for the bread, Will," she says sarcastically. "It was delicious."

"I'm leaving, too. I'll walk you home," Kel says. He jumps out of his seat and follows her to the door. I look at Lake and she rolls her eyes. It bothers her that Kel has developed his first crush. Lake doesn't like to think that we're about to have to deal with teenage hormones.

Caulder gets up from the table. "I'm gonna watch TV in my room," he says. "See you later, Kel. Bye Kiersten." They both tell him bye as they leave.

"I really like that girl," Eddie says after Kiersten leaves. "I hope Kel asks her to be his girlfriend. I hope they grow up and get married and have lots of weird babies. I hope she's in our family forever."

"Shut up, Eddie," Lake says. "He's only ten. He's too young for a girlfriend."

"Not really, he'll be eleven in eight days," Gavin says. "Eleven is the prime age for first girlfriends."

Lake takes an entire handful of her fries and throws them toward Gavin's face.

I just sigh. She's impossible to control. "You're cleaning up tonight," I say to her. "You too," I say to Eddie. "Gavin, let's go watch some football like real men while the women do their job."

Gavin scoots his glass toward Eddie. "Refill this glass, woman. I'm watching some football."

While Eddie and Lake are cleaning the kitchen, I take the opportunity to ask Gavin for a favor. Lake and I haven't had any alone time in weeks due to always having the boys. I really need alone time with her.

"Do you think you and Eddie could take Kel and Caulder to a movie tomorrow night?"

He doesn't answer right away, which makes me feel guilty for even asking. Maybe they had plans already.

"It depends," he finally responds. "Do we have to take Kiersten, too?"

I laugh. "That's up to your girl. She's her new best friend," I say.

Gavin rolls his eyes at the thought. "It's fine, we had plans to watch a movie anyway. What time? How long do you want us to keep them?"

"Doesn't matter. We aren't going anywhere. I just need a couple of hours alone with Lake. There's something I need to give her."

"Oh... I see," he says. "Just text me when you're through 'giving it to her,' and we'll bring the boys home."

I shake my head at his assumption and laugh. I like Gavin. What I hate, however, is the fact that everything that happens between me and Lake, and he and Eddie...we all seem to know about. That's the drawback of dating best friends...there are no secrets.

"Let's go, Babe." Eddie says as she pulls Gavin up off the couch. "Thanks for supper, Will. Joel wants you guys to come over next weekend. He said he'd make tamales."

I don't turn down tamales. "We're there," I say.

After Eddie and Gavin leave, Lake comes to the living room and sits on the couch, curling her legs up under her as she snuggles against me. I put my arm around her and pull her closer.

"I'm bummed," she says. "I was hoping we'd at least get the same days this semester. We never get any alone time with all these butterflying kids running around."

You would think with us living across the street from each other that we would have all the time in the world together. That's not the case. Last semester she went to school Monday, Wednesday and Friday and I went all five days. Weekends we spent a lot of time doing homework, but mostly stayed busy with Kel and Caulder's sports. When Julia passed away in September, that put even more on Lake's plate. It's been an adjustment, to say the least. The only place we seem to be lacking is actually getting quality alone time. It's kind of awkward if the boys are at one house to just go to the other house to be alone. They almost always seem to follow us whenever we do.

"We'll get through it," I say. "We always do."

She pulls my face toward hers and kisses me. I've been kissing her every day for over a year, and it somehow still gets better every time.

"I better go," she finally says. "I have to get up early and go to the college to finish registration. I also need to make sure Kel's not outside making out with Kiersten."

We laugh about it now, but in a matter of years it'll be our reality. We won't even be twenty-five and we'll be raising teenagers. It's a scary thought.

"Hold on, before you leave...what are your plans tomorrow night?"

She rolls her eyes. "What kind of question is that? You're my plan. You're always my only plan."

"Good. Eddie and Gavin are taking the boys. Meet me at seven?"

She perks up and smiles. "Are you asking me out on a real, live date?"

I nod my head.

"Well, you suck at it, you know. You always have. Sometimes girls like to be asked and not told."

She's trying to play hard to get, which is pointless. I've already got her...but I play her game anyway. I kneel down on the floor in front of her and look into her eyes. "Lake, will you do me the honor of accompanying me on a date tomorrow night? "

She leans back into the couch and looks away. "I don't know, I'm sort of busy," she says. "I'll check my schedule and let you know." She tries to look put out, but a smile breaks out on her face. She leans forward and hugs me, but I lose my balance and we end up in the floor. I roll her onto her back and she stares up at me and laughs. "Fine. Pick me up at seven."

I brush her hair out of her eyes and run my finger along the edge of her face. "I love you, Lake."

"Say it again," she says.

I kiss her forehead and repeat what I said. "I love you, Lake."

"One more time."

"I." I kiss her lips. "And love." I kiss them again. "And you."

"I love you, too."

I ease my body on top of hers and interlock fingers with her. I bring her hands above her head and press them into the floor. I lean in as if I'm going to kiss her, but I don't. I like to tease her when we're in this position. I barely touch my lips to hers until she closes her eyes, then I slowly pull away. She opens her eyes and I smile at her, then lean in again. As soon as her eyes are closed, I pull away again.

"Dammit, Will! Butterflying kiss me already!"

I release her hands and she grabs my face and pulls my mouth to hers. We continue kissing until we get to the 'point of retreat,' as Lake likes to call it. She climbs out from under me and sits up on her knees as I roll onto my back and remain in the floor. We don't like to get carried away when we aren't the only ones in the house. It's so easy to do. When we catch ourselves taking things too far, one of us always calls retreat.

Before Julia passed away, we made the mistake of taking things too far, too soon...a crucial mistake on my part. It was just two weeks after we started officially dating and Caulder was staying the night at Kel's house. Lake and I came back to my place after a movie. We started making out on the couch and one thing led to another...neither of us willing to stop it. We weren't hav**g s*x, but we would have eventually if Julia wouldn't have walked in when she did. She completely flipped out. We were mortified. She grounded Lake and wouldn't let me see her for two weeks. I probably apologized a million times in those two weeks.

She eventually sat us down together and made us swear we would wait at least a year. She made Lake get on the pill, and made me look her in the eyes and give her my word. She wasn't upset about the fact that her eighteen-year-old daughter almost had sex. Julia was fairly reasonable and knew it would happen eventually. What hurt her was that I was so willing to take that from Lake in such a short time frame, after only two weeks of dating. It made me feel incredibly guilty, so of course I agreed to the promise. She also wanted us to set a good example for Kel and Caulder and made us swear we wouldn't spend the night at each other's houses during that timeframe either. After Julia passed away, we've stuck to our word. More out of respect for Julia, than anything. Lord knows it's more than difficult sometimes. A lot of times.

We haven't discussed it, but last week was exactly a year since we made that promise to Julia. I don't want to rush Lake into anything. I want it to be completely up to her, so I haven't brought it up. Neither has she. But then again, we haven't really been alone, either.

"Point of retreat," she says and stands up. "I'll see you tomorrow night. Seven o'clock. Don't be late."

"Go find your phone and text me goodnight," I tell her.

She opens the door and faces me as she backs out of the house, slowly pulling the door shut. "One more time?" she says.

"I love you, Lake."

Friday, January 6th, 2012

I'm giving Lake her present in a little while. I'm not even sure what it is, since it's not something I picked out. I can't write any more right now, my hands are shaking. How the hell do these dates still make me nervous? I'm so pathetic.

Chapter 2

"Boys, no backwards tonight. You know Gavin can't keep up when you guys talk backwards." I wave goodbye and shut the door behind them.

It's almost seven. I go to the bathroom and brush my teeth, then grab my keys and jacket and head to my car. I can see her watching from the window. She probably doesn't realize this, but I could always see her watching from the window. Especially in the months before we were officially dating. Every day I would come home and I would see her shadow. It's what gave me hope that one day we would be able to be together...the fact that she still thought about me. After our fight in the laundry room though, she never watched from the window again. I thought I'd screwed everything up for good.

I back out of the driveway and straight into hers. I leave the car running and walk around to open the door for her. When I get back inside the car, I get a whiff of her perfume. It's the vanilla one...my favorite.

"Where are we going?" she asks.

"You'll see. It's a surprise," I say as I pull out of her driveway. Rather than turn onto the street, I pull up right into my own driveway. I kill the ignition and run around to her side of the car and open the door.

"What are you doing, Will?"

I take her hand and pull her out of the car. "We're here." I love the look of confusion on her face, so I spare the details.

"You asked me out on a date to your house? I got dressed up, Will! I want to go somewhere."

She's whining. I laugh and take her hand and walk her inside. "No, you made me ask you out on a date. I never said we were going anywhere. I just asked if you had plans."

I've already cooked supper so I walk into the kitchen and get our plates. Rather than sit at the table to eat, I take the plates to the coffee table in the living room. She pulls her jacket off and seems a little disappointed. I continue to elude her while I make our drinks, then take a seat in the floor with her.

"I'm not trying to seem ungrateful," she says with a mouthful of pasta. "It's just that we never get to go anywhere anymore. I was looking forward to doing something different."

I take a drink and wipe my mouth. "Babe, I know what you mean. But tonight has sort of already been planned out for us." I toss another breadstick on her plate.

"What do you mean planned out for us? I'm not following," she says.

I don't respond. I just continue eating.

"Will, just tell me what's going on, your evasiveness is making me nervous."

I grin at her and take a drink. "I'm not trying to make you nervous. I'm just doing what I was told."

She can tell I'm enjoying this. She gives up trying to get anything out of me and takes another bite of her food. "The pasta's good, at least," she says.

"So is the view."

She smiles and winks at me and continues to eat.

She's wearing her hair down tonight. I love it when she wears her hair down. I also love it when she wears it up. In fact, I don't think she's ever worn it in a way that made me not love it. She's so incredibly beautiful...especially when she's not trying to be. I realize I've been staring at her, lost in thought. I've barely eaten half my food and she's almost finished.

"Will?" She finishes her last bite of food then wipes her mouth with her napkin. "Does this have anything to do with my mom?" she asks quietly. "You know...with our promise to her?"

I know what she's asking me. I immediately feel guilty that I haven't thought about what she would think my intentions were tonight. I don't want her to feel like I expect anything at all from her.

"Not in that way, Babe." I reach across and take her hand. "That's not what tonight's about. I'm sorry if you thought that. That's for another time...when you're ready."

She smiles at me. "Well, I wasn't gonna object if it was," she says.

Her comment catches me off guard. I've gotten so used to the fact that one of us always calls retreat; I haven't really entertained the possibility of the alternative tonight.

She looks embarrassed by her forwardness and diverts her attention back down to her plate. She tears off a piece of bread and dips it in the sauce. When she's finished eating, she takes a drink and looks back up at me.

"Before," she whispers unsteadily. "When I asked if this had anything to do with my mom, you said 'not in that way.' What'd you mean by that? Are you saying tonight has something to do with her in a different way?"

I nod, then stand up and take her hand and pull her up. I wrap my arms around her and she leans against my chest and clasps her hands behind my back. "It does have to do with her, Babe." She pulls her face away from my chest and looks up at me while I explain. "She gave me something else...besides the letters."

Julia made me promise not to tell her about the letters and the gift until it was time to give them to her. They've already opened the letters; the gift was meant for Lake and I. It was intended to be a Christmas gift for us to open together, but this is the first chance we've had to be alone.

"Come to my bedroom." I release my hold and grab her hand. She follows behind me until we get to my room where the box Julia gave me is sitting on the bed. Lake walks over to it and runs her hand across the wrapping paper. She fingers the red velvet bow and sighs.

"Is it really from her?" she asks quietly.

I sit on the bed and motion for her to sit with me. We pull our legs up and sit with the gift between us. There's a card taped to the top of it with our names on it; along with clear instructions not to read the card until after we open the gift.

"Will, why didn't you tell me there was something else? Is this the last one?" I can see the tears forming in her eyes. She always tries so hard to conceal them. I don't know why she hates it so much when she cries. I run my finger across her cheek and wipe away a tear.

"Last one, I swear," I say. "She wanted us to open it together."

She straightens up and does her best to regain her composure. "Do you want to do the honors, or should I?" she asks.

"That's a dumb question," I say.

"There's no such thing as a dumb question," she says. "You should know that, Mr. Cooper." She leans forward and kisses me, then pulls back and starts to loosen the edge of the package. I watch as she tears it open, revealing a cardboard box wrapped in duct tape.

"My god, there has to be six layers of duct tape on here," she says sarcastically. "Kind of like your car." She looks up and gives me a sly grin.

"Funny," I say.

I stroke her knee and watch her poke through the tape with her thumbnail. Just when she breaks through the final edge, she pauses.

"Thank you for doing this for her," she says. "For keeping the gift." She looks back down at it and holds it without opening it. "Do you know what it is?" she asks.

"No clue. I'm hoping it's not a puppy-it's been under my bed for four months."

She laughs. "I'm nervous," she says. "I really don't want to cry again." She hesitates before she finally opens the top of the box and folds the flaps back. She pulls the contents out of the box as I pull the cardboard away from it. She tears the tissue away and reveals a clear glass vase. Inside the vase, it's full to the brim with geometrical stars in a variety of colors. It looks like origami. Hundreds of thumbnail sized 3-D paper stars.

"What is it?" I ask her.

"I don't know, but it's beautiful," she says. We continue to stare at it, trying to make sense of the gift and the contents inside of it. She opens the card and looks at it. "I can't read it, Will. You'll have to read it." She places it into my hands.

I open it and read it aloud.

Will and Lake,

Love is the most beautiful thing in the world. Unfortunately, it's also one of the hardest things in the world to hold on to, and one of the easiest things to throw away.

Neither of you has a mother or a father to go to for relationship advice anymore. Neither of you has anyone to go to for a shoulder to cry on when things get tough, and they will get tough. Neither of you has someone to go to when you just want to share the funny, or the happy, or the heartache. You are both at a disadvantage when it comes to this aspect of love. You both only have each other, and because of this, you will have to work harder at building a strong foundation for your future together. You are not only each other's love; you are also one another's sole confidant.

I hand wrote some things onto strips of paper and folded them into stars. It might be an inspirational quote, an inspiring lyric, or just some downright good parental advice. I don't want you to open one and read it until you truly feel you need it. If you have a bad day, if the two of you fight, or if you just need something to lift your spirits...that's what these are for. You can open one together; you can open one alone. I just want there to be something both of you can go to, if and when you ever need it.

Will...thank you. Thank you for coming into our lives. So much of the pain and worry I've been feeling has been alleviated by the mere fact that I know my daughter is loved by you.

Lake takes my hand when I come to a pause. I wasn't expecting Julia to address me personally. She wipes away a tear from her eyes. I do my best to fight back my own tears. I take a deep breath and clear my throat, then finish reading the letter.

You are a wonderful man, and you've been a wonderful friend to me. I thank you from the bottom of my heart for loving my daughter like you do. You respect her, you don't need to change for her, and you inspire her. You can never know how grateful I have been for you, and how much peace you have brought my soul.

And Lake; this is me-nudging your shoulder, giving you my approval. You couldn't have picked anyone better to love if I would have hand-picked him myself. Also, thank you for being so determined to keep our family together. You were right about Kel needing to be with you. Thank you for helping me see that. And remember, when things get tough for him, please teach him how to stop carving pumpkins...

I love you both and wish you a lifetime of happiness together.

-Julia

"And all around my memories, you dance..." ~The Avett Brothers

I put the card back inside the envelope and watch as Lake rubs her hands across the glass, spinning it around to view it from all angles. "I saw her making these once. When I walked into her room, she was folding strips of paper up and she stopped and put it aside as we talked. I forgot about it. I forgot all about it. This must have taken her forever."

She stares at the stars and I stare at her. She wipes more tears from her eyes with the back of her hand. She's holding it together well, all things considered.

"I want to read them all, but at the same time I hope we never need to read them at all," she says.

I lean forward and give her a quick kiss. "You are as amazing as your mother." I take the vase out of her hands and walk it to the dresser and set it down. Lake takes the box and shoves the wrapping paper inside and sets it on the floor. She puts the card on the table, and then lies back on the bed. I lie down beside her, turn toward her and rest my arm over her waist. "You okay?" I ask her. I can't tell if she's sad.

She looks at me and smiles. "I thought it would hurt to hear her words again, but it didn't. It actually made me happy," she says.

"Me too," I say. "I was really worried it was a puppy."

She laughs and lays her head on my arm. We lay there in silence watching each other. I run my hand up her arm and trace her face and neck with my fingertips. I love watching her think.

She eventually lifts her head off my arm and slides on top of me, placing her hands on the back of my neck. She leans in and slowly parts my lips with hers. I become quickly consumed by the taste of her lips and the feel of her warm hands. I wrap my arms around her and run my fingers through her hair as I return her kiss. It's been so long since we've been alone together without the possibility of being interrupted. I hate being in this predicament-but then again I love being in this predicament. Her skin is so soft, her lips are perfect. It gets harder and harder to retreat every time.

She runs her hands underneath my shirt and lightly teases my neck with her mouth. She knows this drives me crazy, yet she's been doing it more and more lately. I think she likes pushing her boundaries. One of us needs to retreat...and I don't know if I can bring myself to do it. Apparently, neither can she.

"How much time do we have?" she whispers. She lifts up my shirt and her lips make their way down to my chest.

"Time?" I say weakly.

"Until the boys get home." She slowly kisses her way back up to my neck again. "How long do we have until they get home?" She brings her face back to mine and looks at me. I can see by the look in her eyes that she's telling me she's not retreating.

I bring my arm over my face and cover my eyes. I try to talk myself down. This isn't how I want it to be for her. Think about something else, Will. Think about college, homework, puppies in cardboard boxes...anything.

She pulls my arm away from my face so she can look me in the eyes. "Will...it's been a year. I want to."

I roll her onto her back and prop my head up on my elbow and lean in toward her, stroking her face with my other hand. "Lake, believe me...I'm ready, too. But not here. Not right now. You'll just have to go home in an hour when the boys get back and I don't think I could take it." I kiss her on the forehead. "In two weeks we get a three day weekend...we'll go away together. Just the two of us. I'll see if my grandparents will watch the boys and we can spend the whole weekend together."

She kicks her legs up and down on the bed, frustrated. "I can't wait two more weeks! We've been waiting fifty-seven weeks already!"

I laugh at her childishness and lean in, planting a kiss on her cheek. "If I can wait, you can definitely wait," I assure her.

She rolls her eyes. "God, you're such a bore," she teases.

"Oh, I'm a bore?" I say. "You want me to throw you in the shower again? Cool you off? I will if that's what you need."

"Only if you get in with me," she says. Her eyes grow wide and she sits up and pushes me flat on my back, leaning over me. "Will!" she says excitedly as a new realization dawns on her. "Does that mean we can take showers together? On our getaway?"

Her eagerness surprises me. Everything she does surprises me. "You aren't nervous?" I ask her.

"No, not at all." She smiles and leans in closer. "I know I'll be in good hands."

"You will definitely be in good hands," I say, pulling her to me. Just when I'm about to kiss her again, my phone vibrates. She reaches into my pocket and pulls it out.

"Gavin," she says. She hands the phone to me and rolls off.

I read the text. "Great, Kel threw up. They think he has a stomach bug so they're bringing them home."

She groans and gets off the bed. "Ugh! I hate vomit! Caulder's probably gonna get it too-the way they pass crap back and forth."

"I'll text him back and tell him to take Kel to your house. You go home and wait-I'll run to the store and get him some medicine." I pull my shirt back on and grab the vase that Julia made us so that I can put it on the bookshelf in the living room. We exit the bedroom in parent mode.

"Get some soup, too. For tomorrow. And some sprite," she says.

When I set the vase down in the living room, she reaches her hand inside and grabs a star. She sees me eyeing her and she grins. "There might be a good tip in here. For vomit," she says.

"We've got a long road ahead of us, you better not waste those." When we walk outside, I grab her arm and pull her to me and hug her goodnight. "You want me to drive you home?"

She laughs and hugs me back. "Thanks for my date. It was one of my favorites."

"The best is yet to come," I say, hinting at our upcoming getaway.

"I'm holding you to that." She backs away and starts walking toward her house. I turn to the car and open the door when she yells from across the street.

"Will! One more time?"

"I love you, Lake!"

January 7th, 2012

I butterflying hate cheeseburgers.

Chapter 3

Hell. Pure hell is the best way I can describe the last twenty-four hours. By the time Gavin and Eddie made it home with the boys, it was apparent that Kel didn't have a stomach bug after all. Gavin didn't knock when he ran through the front door and headed straight for the bathroom. Caulder was next, then Lake and Eddie. I was the last to feel the effects of the food poisoning. Caulder and I have done nothing but lay on the couch, taking turns in the bathroom since midnight last night.

I can't help but envy Kiersten. I should have just had bread, too. About the time that thought crosses my mind, there's a knock at the front door. I don't get up. I don't even speak. No one I know extends me the courtesy of knocking, so I don't know who could be at the door. I guess I won't find out, either...because I'm not moving.

I'm lying on the couch facing away from the door, but I hear it slowly open and can feel the cold air circulate as a female voice I don't recognize calls my name.

"Will?"

I still don't care who it is. At this point, I'm wishing it was someone here to finish me off...put me out of my misery. It takes all the energy I have to just raise my hand in the air to let whoever it is know that I'm here.

"Oh, you poor thing," she says. She shuts the door behind her and walks around to the front of the couch and stares down at me. I glance up at her and realize I have absolutely no idea who this woman is. She's probably in her forties...her short black hair is traced with grey. She's petite, shorter than Lake. I try to smile, but I don't think I do. She frowns and glances over to Caulder, who is passed out on the other couch. I notice a bottle between her hands when she passes through the living room and walks into the kitchen. I hear her opening drawers, and she comes back with a spoon.

"This will help. Layken said you guys were sick, too." She pours some of the liquid into a spoon and bends down, handing the spoon to me.

I take it. I'll take anything at this point. I swallow the medicine and cough when it burns the inside of my throat. I reach for a glass of water and take a sip. I don't want to drink too much, it's just been coming right back up. "What the hell is that?" I ask.

She looks disappointed at my reaction. "I made it. I make my own medicine. It'll help, I promise." She walks over to Caulder and shakes him awake. He accepts the medicine as I did without question, then closes his eyes again.

"I'm Sherry, by the way. Kiersten's mother."

That explains it.

"She said you guys ate some rancid meat." She makes a face when she says the word 'meat.'

I don't want to think about it, so I close my eyes and try to put the thought out of my mind. I guess she sees the nausea building behind my expression, because she apologizes.

"Sorry. This is why we're vegetarian."

"Thanks, Sherry," I say, hoping she's finished. She's not.

"I started a load of laundry over at Layken's house. If you want, I'll wash some of yours too." She doesn't wait for me to respond. She walks down the hallway and starts gathering clothes, then takes them into the laundry room. I hear the washer start, followed by noise in the kitchen. She's cleaning. This woman I don't know is cleaning my house. I'm too tired to object. I'm even too tired to be pleased about it.

"Will?" She walks back through the living room. I open my eyes, but barely. "I'll be back in an hour to put the clothes in the dryer. I'll bring some minestrone, too."

I just nod. Or, at least I think I nod.

***

It hasn't been an hour yet, but whatever Sherry gave me already has me feeling a little better. Caulder manages to make it to his room and passes out on his bed. I walk to the kitchen and make myself a glass of sprite when the front door opens. It's Lake. She looks as rough as I do, but still beautiful.

"Hey, Babe." She shuffles into the kitchen and wraps her arms around me. She's in her pajamas and house shoes. It's not the darth vader ones, but still just as sexy.

"How's Caulder feeling?" she says.

"Better, I guess. Whatever Sherry gave us worked."

"Yeah, it did." She rests her head against my chest and takes a deep breath. "I wish we had enough couches in one house, so we could all be sick together."

We've brought up the subject of living together before. It makes economic sense; our bills would be cut in half. She's only nineteen, though...and she seems to like having her alone time. The thought of taking such a huge leap makes us both a little apprehensive, so we agreed to wait on that step until we're certain about it.

"I wish we did too," I say. I naturally lean in to kiss her, but she shakes her head and backs her face away from mine.

"Nuh-uh," she says. "We're not kissing for at least twenty-four more hours."

I laugh and kiss her on top of her head instead.

"I guess I'll go back now. I just wanted to check on you." She avoids my face and kisses me on the arm instead.

"You two are so cute!" Sherry says. She walks through the dining room and places a container of soup in the fridge, then turns and heads into the laundry room. I never even heard her open the front door...much less knock.

"Thanks for the medicine, Sherry. It really helped," Lake says.

"No problem," Sherry says. "That concoction can knock the shit out of anything. You two let me know if you need more."

Lake looks at me and rolls her eyes. "See you, Babe. Love you."

"Love you, too. Let me know when Kel feels better, we'll come over tonight."

Lake leaves and I take a seat at the table and slowly sip my drink. I still don't trust ingesting anything at this point.

Sherry pulls out the chair across the table from me and takes a seat. "So, what's your story?" she asks.

I'm not sure what story she's referring to, so I raise my eyebrows at her as I take another sip and wait for her to elaborate.

"With the two of you. And Kel and Caulder. It's a little strange from a mother's point of view. I've got an eleven year old daughter who seems to enjoy spending time with all you guys, I feel it's my duty as a mom to know your story. You and Lake are both practically children, raising children."

She's very blunt. However, the way she says it comes off as appropriate, somehow. She's easy to like. I see now why Kiersten is the way she is.

I set my sprite down on the table in front of me and wipe the condensation off the glass with my thumbs. "My parents died three years ago." I continue to stare at the glass in front of me, avoiding her gaze. I don't want to see the pity in her eyes. "Lake's father died over a year ago...her mother passed away in September. So...here we are, raising our brothers."

Sherry leans back into her chair and folds her arms across her chest. "I'll be damned."

I just nod and give her a half smile. At least she didn't say how sorry she was for us. I hate pity more than anything.

"How long have the two of you been dating?"

"Officially? Since December eighteenth, a little over a year ago."

"What about unofficially?" she says.

I shift in my seat. Why did I even specify officially?

"December eighteenth, a little over a year ago," I say again and smile. I'm not getting any more detailed than that. "What's your story, Sherry?"

She laughs and stands up. "Will, has anyone ever told you it's rude to be nosey?" She makes her way to the front door. "Let me know if you need anything. You know where we live."

***

We spend the entire day Sunday watching movies and being sore. We're all still a little queasy, so we skip the junk food. Monday it's back to reality. I drop Kel and Caulder off at their school and head to the College. Three of my four classes are in the same building; one of the benefits of being in grad school. Once your course of study is set, all the classes are similar and are usually taught in the same area. The first of my four classes, however, is halfway across campus. It's a graduate level elective called Death and Dying. I thought it would be interesting, being as though I'm more than experienced in the subject. I also didn't have a choice. There wasn't another graduate elective during the eight o'clock block that I could take, so I'm stuck with this one if I want all my credits to count. When I walk in, students are sporadically seated around the room. It's one of the auditorium style rooms set up with tables that hold two seats each. I walk up the stairs and take a seat in the back of the room. It's different, being the student now rather than the teacher. I got so used to being at the head of the classroom. The role reversal has taken some getting used to.

The class fills up fairly quickly. It's the first day of the semester, so it will probably be the only day people actually show up early. That's usually how it is...the newness wears off by day two. It's rare for a professor to have everyone on their entire roll show up the same day after day two.

I throw my stuff on the table and take a seat. My phone vibrates inside my pocket so I take it out and slide my finger across the screen. It's a text from Lake.

Finally found my phone. Hope you like your classes. I love you and I'll see you tonight.

I begin to text her back when the professor starts calling roll. I finish the text and press the send button and put my phone back in my pocket.

"Will Cooper?" the professor says. I raise my hand and he looks up at me and nods, then marks his form.

He continues to call roll as I glance around the room to see if I recognize anyone. There were a couple of people I graduated High School with in my last semester elective. There usually aren't many people I know in my classes since I'm a little ahead. Most of my high school classmates graduated college last May, and not many of them decided on Grad school. As my eyes make their way around the room, I notice a girl with blond hair in the front row turned completely around in her seat. When I meet her gaze, my heart sinks. She smiles and waves when she sees I've recognized her. She turns back around and gathers her things, then stands up and makes her way up the stairs.

No. She's coming toward me. She's about to sit with me. Oh, god.

"Will! Oh my god, what are the chances? It's been so long," she says.

I do my best to smile at her. I don't understand my reaction right now. I can't tell if it's anger, guilt, or what. "Hey, Vaughn." I try to sound pleased to see her.

She takes the seat next to me and leans in and hugs me. "How are you?" she whispers. "How's Caulder?"

"He's good," I say. "Growing up. He'll be eleven in two months."

"Eleven? Wow," she says, shaking her head in disbelief.

We haven't seen each other in almost three years. She knows we parted on bad terms, to put it mildly; yet, she's acting like she's genuinely excited to see me. I wish I could say the same.

"How's Ethan?" I ask her. Ethan is her older brother. We were pretty good friends while Vaughn and I dated, but we haven't spoken since the break-up.

"He's good. He's really good. He's married now, they've got a baby on the way."

"Good for him. Tell him I said so."

"I will," she says.

"Vaughn Gibson?" The professor calls.

She raises her hand. "Up here," she says as he marks her on his roll. She brings her attention back to me. "What about you? You married?"

I shake my head.

"Me neither," she smiles.

I don't like this. I don't like how she's looking at me-I've seen that look from her before. We dated for over two years, I know her pretty well. And right now, her intentions aren't good for me.

"I'm not married, but I am dating someone," I clarify. I can see the slight shift in her expression, but she attempts to mask it with a smile.

"Good for you," she says. "Is it serious?" She's digging for hints.

"Very."

We both face the front of the room when the professor starts explaining the semester requirements and going over the syllabus. The rest of the hour, we don't speak much other than occasional questions from her regarding the class information. When the professor dismisses us, I quickly stand up.

"It's really good seeing you, Will," she says. "I'm excited about this class now. We have a lot of catching up to do."

I smile at her without agreeing. She gives me another quick hug and turns away. I gather my things and head to my second class as I think of a way to break this to Lake.

Lake has never asked about my past relationships. She says there isn't anything good that can come up from discussing it, so we never have. I'm not even sure she knows about Vaughn. She knows I had a pretty serious relationship in high school. She even knows I've had sex-we talked about that. I don't know how she'll take this. I'd hate to upset her, but I also don't want to hide anything either.

But what would I be hiding? Is it really necessary to tell her who all the students are in the classes I'm in? We've never discussed it before, so why do I feel the need to now? If I tell her, it will just cause her to worry unnecessarily. If I don't tell her, what harm is it doing? Lake's not in my class, she's not even in school the days I am. I've made it clear to Vaughn that I'm in a relationship...that should be good enough.

By the end of my last class, I've successfully convinced myself that Lake doesn't need to know.

***

When I pull up to the elementary school, Kel and Caulder are seated outside on a bench, away from the rest of the students. Mrs. Brill is standing right behind them, waiting.

"Great," I mumble to myself. I've heard the horror stories about her, but I've never actually had to deal with her. I kill the engine and get out; it's obvious that's what she's expecting me to do.

"You must be Will," she says as she extends her hand. "We've met before, just not officially I believe."

"Good to meet you." I glance to the boys who aren't making eye contact with me. When I look back at Mrs. Brill, she nods her head to the left, indicating she would like to talk to me out of their earshot.

"There was an incident with Kel last week in the cafeteria," Mrs. Brill says as we walk down the sidewalk, away from the crowd. "I'm not sure what the relationship is between Kel and yourself, but I wasn't able to get in touch with his sister."

"We're aware of what happened," I say. "Layken misplaced her phone. Do I need to let her know to contact you?"

"No, that isn't why I want to talk to you," she says. "I just wanted to be sure both of you were aware of last week's incident first, and that it was handled appropriately."

"It was. We took care of it," I say. I don't know what she means by 'handled appropriately,' but I doubt she expects that their punishment was laughing about it at the dinner table. Oh, well.

"I wanted to talk to you about a different matter. There's a new student here, she seems to have taken to Kel and Caulder. Kiersten?" She waits on me to acknowledge that I know who she's referring to. I nod. "There was an incident today that involved her and a few of the other students," she says.

I stop walking and turn toward her, suddenly becoming more vested in our conversation. If it has anything to do with how the three kids acted at the dinner table the other night, I want to know about it.

"She's being picked on. Some of the other students find her personality doesn't mesh well with their own, I guess. Kel and Caulder found out about a couple of the older boys saying some things to her, so they decided to take matters into their own hands." She pauses and glances back at Kel and Caulder, who are still seated in the same positions.

"What'd they do?" I ask nervously.

"It's not what they did, really. It's what they said....in a note." She takes a piece of paper out of her pocket and hands it to me.

I unfold it and look at it. My mouth gapes open. It's a picture of a bloody knife with the words "You will die, asswipe!" written across the top of it.

"Kel and Caulder wrote this?" I ask, embarrassed.

She nods. "They've already admitted to it. I understand you're a teacher, so you know the significance of these kinds of threats on campus. It can't be taken lightly, Will. I hope you understand. They'll be suspended for the rest of the week."

"Suspended? For an entire week? But they were defending someone who was being bullied."

"I understand that-and those boys have been punished as well. But I can't condone bad behavior in the defense of more bad behavior."

I understand where she's coming from. I look down at the note again and sigh. "I'll let Lake know. Is there anything else? They're free to come back on Monday?"

She nods. I tell her thank you and walk back to the car and climb inside. The boys both climb into the backseat and we drive home in silence. I'm too pissed at them to say anything right now. Or at least I think I'm pissed. I'm supposed to be, right?

***

Lake is seated at the bar when I walk through her front door. Kel and Caulder walk in behind me and I sternly instruct them to take a seat. Lake shoots me a confused look when I walk through the living room and motion for her to follow me to her bedroom. I shut the door behind us for privacy and explain everything that happened, showing her the note.

She stares at it for a while, then covers her mouth and tries to hide her laugh. She thinks it's funny. I feel relieved, because this was my initial reaction, too. When we make eye contact, we both start laughing.

"I know, Lake! From a sibling standpoint it's really funny," I say. "But what are we supposed to do from a parent standpoint?"

She shakes her head. "I don't know. I'm sort of proud of them for taking up for Kiersten." She sits down on her bed and throws the note aside. "Poor Kiersten, though."

I sit down on the bed beside her. "Well, we have to act mad. They really can't do crap like this."

Lake nods in agreement. "What do you think their punishment should be?"

I shrug my shoulders. "I don't know. Being suspended seems kind of like a reward. What kid wouldn't want to get a week off school?" We both think for a while. Neither of us comes up with any good punishments.

"I guess it's a good thing we have different schedules this semester," she says. "That way, every time they get suspended, at least one of us will be home."

I smile at her...and hope she's wrong. This better be their first and last suspension. Lake doesn't know it, but she's made things with Caulder so much easier. Before I met her, I agonized over every single parenting decision I ever had to make. Now that we make a lot of those choices together, I'm not as hard on myself. We seem to agree on most aspects of how the boys should be raised. It also doesn't hurt having her maternal instincts in the picture now. It's moments like these, when we're made to join forces, that it's almost unbearable for me to take things slow. If I left my head out of it and just followed my heart, I'd marry her today.

I push her back on the bed and kiss her. Due to the weekend from hell, I haven't been able to kiss her since Friday. I've missed kissing her. From the way she kisses me back, it's obvious she's missed kissing me, too.

"Have you talked to your grandparents about next weekend?" she asks.

My lips move from her mouth, down her cheek and to her ear. "I'll call them tonight," I whisper. "Have you thought about where you want to go?" Chills break out on her skin, so I continue kissing down her neck.

"I could care less. We could stay here at my house for all I care. I'm just looking forward to being with you for three whole days. And finally getting to spend the night together...in the same bed, at least."

I'm trying not to come off too eager, but next weekend is all I've been thinking about. She doesn't need to know that I've actually got an internal countdown going constantly. Ten days and twenty-one more hours.

"Why don't we do that?" I stop kissing her neck and look at her. "Let's just stay here. Kel and Caulder will be in Detroit. We can lie to Eddie and Gavin and tell them we're going away so they won't stop by. We'll pull the shades down and lock the doors and hole ourselves up for three whole days, right here in this bed. And in the shower too, of course."

"Sounds bemazing," she says. She likes to smoosh words together for more emphasis. I'm pretty sure bemazing is beautiful and amazing. I think it's cute.

"Now back to the punishment," she says. "What would our parents do?"

I honestly have no clue what my parents would do. If I had any clue, it wouldn't be so hard coming up with solutions to all the problems that come along with raising kids.

"I don't know what they would do. But I know what I want to do," I say. "Let's scare the butterfly out of them."

"How?" she says.

"Act like you're trying to calm me down. Act like I'm really pissed off. We can make them sit out there and sweat for a while."

She laughs. "You're so bad." She stands up and walks closer to the door. "Will! Calm down!" she yells.

I walk over to the door and hit it for extra emphasis. "I will not calm down! I'm PISSED!"

Lake throws herself onto the bed and pulls a pillow over her face to stifle her giggles before she continues yelling. "No, stop it! You can't go out there yet! You need to calm down, Will! You might KILL them!"

I glare at her. "Kill them?" I whisper. "Really?"

She laughs as I hop back on the bed with her. "Lake, you suck at this."

"Will, NO! Not the belt!" she yells dramatically.

I clasp my hand over her mouth. "Shut up!" I laugh.

We give ourselves a few minutes to regain our composure before we exit the bedroom. When we walk down the hallway, I do my best to look intimidating. The boys are watching us with fear in their eyes as we take our seats across the bar from them.

"I'll talk," Lake says to them. "Will is entirely too upset right now to speak to either of you."

I stare at them and don't speak, putting on my best display of anger. I wonder if this is how parenting is with real parents? A bunch of 'pretending' to be responsible grown-ups.

"First of all," Lake says in a very superbly-faked, motherly tone. "We would like to commend you both for defending your friend. However, you went about it all wrong. You should have spoken to someone about it. Violence is never the answer to violence," she says.

I couldn't have said it better if I was reading from a parenting handbook.

"You are both grounded for two weeks. And don't think your suspension will be fun, either. We're giving you both a list of chores to do every day. Including Saturday and Sunday."

I tap my knee against hers under the bar, letting her know that was a nice touch.

"Do either of you have anything to say?" she asks.

Kel raises his hand. "What about my birthday Friday?"

Lake looks at me and I shrug my shoulders. She turns back toward Kel.

"You don't have to be grounded on your birthday. But you'll get an extra day of grounding. Anymore questions?"

Neither of them says anything.

"Good. Go to your room, Kel. No hanging out with Caulder or Kiersten while you're grounded. Caulder, same goes for you. Go to your house and go to your room."

The boys get up from the bar and go to their respective bedrooms. When Kel disappears down the hallway and Caulder disappears out the front door, I give Lake a high five.

"Well played," I tell her. "You almost had me convinced."

"You too. You really seemed pissed!" she says. She walks to the living room and starts folding laundry. "So? How were your classes?"

"Good," I reply. I spare her the details of first period. "I do have a lot of homework I need to get started on, though. Are we eating together tonight?"

She shakes her head. "I promised Eddie we could have some girl time tonight. Gavin started his job at Getty's. But tomorrow I'm all yours."

When I walk through the living room toward the front door, I stop and kiss her on top of the head. "You two have fun. Text me goodnight," I say. "You do know where your phone is, right?"

She nods and pulls it out of her pocket to show me. "Love you," she says.

"Love you, too," I say as I leave.

When I shut the door behind me, it feels like I left a moment too soon. I walk back in and she's facing the other way, folding a towel. I turn her around and take the towel out of her hands. I wrap my arms around her and kiss her again, but better this time. "I love you," I say again.

She sighs and leans into me. "I can't wait until next weekend, Will. I wish it would just hurry up and get here."

"You and me both."

Tuesday, January 10th, 2012

If I were a carpenter, I would build you a window to my soul.

But I would leave that window shut and locked,

so that every time you tried to look through it...all you would see is your own reflection.

You would see that my soul

is a reflection of you...

Chapter Four

Lake has already left for school by the time I wake up the next morning. Kel is asleep on the couch. She must have sent him over before she left. It's trash day, so I slip my shoes on and head outside to take the can to the curb. I have to knock almost a foot of snow off the lid before I can get it to budge. Lake forgot, so I walk to her house and pull hers to the curb as well.

"Hey, Will," Sherry says. She and Kiersten are making their way outside.

"Morning," I say to them.

"What happened with Kel and Caulder yesterday? Are they in lots of trouble?" Kiersten asks.

"Suspended. They can't go back until Monday."

"Suspended for what?" Sherry asks. I can tell by the tone in her voice Kiersten must not have told her.

Kiersten turns toward her mother. "They threatened those boys I was telling you about. They wrote them a note, threatening their life. Called them asswipes," Kiersten says, matter-of-factly.

"Awe, how sweet," Sherry says. "They defended you." Sherry turns to me before she gets in her car. "Will, tell them thank you. That's too sweet, defending my baby girl like that."

I laugh and shake my head as I watch them drive away. When I get back inside, Kel and Caulder are both sitting on the couch watching TV. "Morning," I say to them.

"Are we allowed to watch TV, at least?" Caulder asks.

I shrug. "Whatever. Do what you want. Just don't threaten to kill anyone today." I know I should probably be stricter, but it's too early in the morning to care.

"They were really mean to her, Will," Kel says. "They've been being mean to her since she moved here. She hasn't done anything to them."

I sit down on the other couch and kick my shoes off. "Not everyone is gonna be nice, Kel. There are a lot of cruel people in the world, unfortunately," I say. "What kinds of things are they doing to her?"

Caulder turns to me and answers. "One of the sixth grade boys asked her to be his girlfriend about a week after she moved here but she told him no. He's kind of a bully. She said she was a vegetarian and couldn't date meatheads. It made him really mad, so he's been spreading rumors about her since then," Caulder says. "A lot of kids are scared of him because he's a dickhead, so now others are being mean to her, too."

"Don't say dickhead, Caulder. And I think you guys are doing the right thing by defending her. Lake and I aren't mad about that, we're actually a little proud. We just wish you would use your heads before you make some of the choices you do. This is two weeks in a row you guys have done something stupid at school. This time, you got suspended because of it. We all have enough on our plates as it is...we don't need the added stress."

"Sorry," Kel says.

"Yeah. Sorry, Will," Caulder says.

"As for Kiersten, you two keep doing what you're doing, sticking by her. She's a nice kid and doesn't deserve to be treated like that. Is anyone being nice to her other than you two? She doesn't have any other friends?"

"She's got Abby," Caulder says.

Kel smiles. "She's not the only one who has Abby."

"Shut up, Kel!" Caulder hits him in the arm.

"Whoa! What's this? Who's Abby? Caulder do you have a girlfriend?" I tease.

"No, she's not my girlfriend," Caulder says defensively.

"Only because he's too shy to ask her," Kel says.

"You're one to talk," I say to Kel. "You've been crushing on Kiersten since the day she moved in. Why haven't you asked her to be your girlfriend?"

Kel blushes and tries to hide his smile. He reminds me of Lake when he does this.

"I already asked her. She is my girlfriend," he says.

I'm impressed. He's got more nerve than I thought.

"You better not tell Layken!" he says. "She'll embarrass me."

"I won't say anything," I say. "But your birthday party is this Friday. You better tell Kiersten not to be kissing you in front of Lake if you don't want her finding out."

"Shut up, Will! I'm not kissing her," Kel says with a disgusted look on his face.

"Caulder, you should invite Abby to Kel's party," I say.

Caulder gets the same embarrassed look Kel had.

"He already did," Kel says. Caulder hits him on the arm again.

I stand up. It's obvious my advice isn't needed here. "Well, you two have it all figured out, then. What do you need me for?"

"Someone has to pay for the pizza," Caulder says.

I walk to the front door and grab both of their jackets and toss them in their laps.

"Punishment time," I say. They both groan and roll their eyes. "You guys get to shovel driveways today."

"Driveways? As in plural? More than one?" Caulder asks.

"Yep," I say. "Do mine and Lakes, and when you're done do Sherry and Kiersten's, too. While you're at it, go ahead and do Bob and Melinda's."

Neither of them moves from the couch.

"Go!"

***

My stomach is in knots Wednesday morning. I really don't want to see Vaughn today. I try to leave a few minutes sooner, hoping I can make it to class early enough to pick a seat next to someone else. Unfortunately, I'm the first to arrive. I take a seat in the back again, hoping she doesn't want to make the trek to the back of the room.

She does. As soon as she spots me, she smiles and runs up the steps, throwing her bag down on the table. "Morning," she says. "I brought you a coffee. Two sugars, no cream, just like you like it." She sets the coffee down in front of me.

"Thanks," I say. She's got her hair pulled back in a bun. I know exactly what she's doing. I told her once that I loved it when she wore her hair like that. It's no coincidence that she's wearing it like that today.

"So, I was thinking we should catch up. Maybe I could come by your house sometime. I miss Caulder, I'd like to see him."

Absolutely not! Hell no! That's what I really want to say.

"Vaughn, I don't think that's a good idea," is what I actually say.

"Oh," she says quietly. "Okay."

I can tell I've just offended her by the way she lowers her tone. "Look, I'm not trying to be rude. It's just...you know, we have a lot of history. It wouldn't be fair to Lake."

She cocks her head at me. "Lake? Your girlfriend's name is Lake?"

I don't like her demeanor. "Her name is Layken. I call her Lake."

She turns toward me in her seat and puts her hand on my arm. "Will, I'm not trying to cause trouble. If Layken is the jealous type, just say so. It's not a big deal."

She grazes her thumb across my arm and I look down at her hand. I hate how she's trying to undermine my relationship with her snide comment. She always used to do this. She hasn't changed at all. I pull my arm away from her and face the front of the room. "Vaughn, stop. I know what you're doing and it's not gonna happen."

She huffs and focuses her attention back to the front of the room. She's pissed. Good, maybe she got the not so subtle hint.

I really don't understand where she's coming from. I never imagined I would see her again, much less have to practically fight her off. It's strange how I had so much love for her then, but feel nothing for her now. I don't regret what I went through with her, though. We really did have a pretty good relationship, and I honestly think I would have married her had my parents not passed away. But only because I was naive as to what a relationship should be. What love should be.

We met when we were freshmen, but didn't start dating until our junior year. We started hanging out at a party I went to with my best friend, Reece. We went out a few times, then agreed to make the relationship exclusive. We dated for about six months before we had sex for the first time. We both still lived at home with our parents, so it ended up being in the backseat of her car. It was awkward, to say the least. We were cramped, it was cold, and was probably the most unromantic atmosphere a girl could want in that moment. Of course, it got much better over the next year and a half, but I'll always regret that being her first time. Maybe that's why I want Lake's first time to be perfect. Not just another spur of the moment kind of thing like Vaughn and I had.

I was still grieving and going through a lot of emotional issues after mine and Vaughn's relationship ended. Raising Caulder and doubling up on classes didn't leave me any time to date after that. Vaughn was the last relationship I had up until the moment I met Lake. And after only one date with Lake, I knew the connection between us was something more. It was more than I'd ever had with Vaughn, and more than I ever thought I could have with anyone. For that, I'll be forever grateful to Vaughn for calling off our relationship when she did.

***

Friday is much better. Vaughn doesn't show up to class, so it makes the rest of the day a lot easier. I stop by the store after my last class and grab Kel's birthday present, then head home to get ready for his party.

The only two people Kel and Caulder invited to the party tonight were Kiersten and Abby. Sherry and Kiersten went to pick Abby up while Lake and Eddie left to go get the cake. Gavin showed up with the pizza at the same time I pulled into the driveway. It's his night off but I had him go pick it up since he gets a discount now.

"You nervous?" I ask Caulder as I unstack the pizzas on the counter. I know he's barely just about to turn eleven, but I remember having my first crush.

"Stop it, Will. You're gonna make tonight my suck if you keep it up," he says.

"Fair enough, I'll drop it. But first, I need to lay down some rules. No holding hands until you're at least eleven and a half. No kissing until you're thirteen. And no tongue until you're fourteen. I mean fifteen. Once you get to that point, we'll revisit the rules. Until then, you stick to those."

Caulder rolls his eyes and walks away.

That went well, I guess. Our first official 'sex' talk. I think the one I really need to be having the talk with is Kel, though. He seems a little bit more girl crazy than Caulder does.

"Who placed the order for this cake?" Lake asks as she walks through the front door carrying it in her arms. She doesn't look pleased.

"I let Kel and Caulder order it when we were grocery shopping the other day. Why? What's wrong with it?"

She walks over to the bar and sets the cake down. She opens the lid and stands back so I can see it.

"Oh," I say.

The cake is covered in white buttercream frosting. The writing across the top is done in blue.

Happy 'Butterflying' Birthday, Kel

"Well, it's not really a bad word," I say.

Lake sighs. "I really hate that they're so damn funny," she says. "It's just gonna get harder, you know. We really need to start beating them now, before it's too late." She closes the lid and walks the cake to the refrigerator.

"Tomorrow," I say as I wrap my arms around her from behind. "We can't beat Kel on his own birthday." I lean in and kiss her ear.

"Fine." She leans her neck to the side, allowing me easier access. "But I get the first punch."

"Stop it!" Kel yells. "You guys can't do that crap tonight. It's my birthday and I don't want to have to watch y'all make out!"

I let go of Lake and pick Kel up and throw him over my shoulder. "This is for the butterflying cake," I say. I turn his back toward Layken. "Birthday beating, here's your chance."

Lake starts counting off birthday spankings while Kel fights to get out of my grasp. He's getting stronger.

"Put me down, Will!" He's punching me in the back, trying to break free.

I put him down after Lake finishes with the beating. Kel laughs and tries to shove me, but I don't budge.

"I can't wait until I'm bigger than you! I'm gonna kick your butterfly!" He gives up and runs down the hallway to Caulder's room.

Lake is staring down the hallway with a serious look in her eyes. "Should we be letting them say that?"

I laugh. "Letting them say what? Butterfly?"

She nods. "Yeah. I mean, it seems like it's already a bad word."

"Would you rather him say ass?" Kiersten says, passing between Lake and I. Again, she's here and I didn't even hear her knock.

"Hey Kiersten," Lake says.

There's a young girl following closely behind Kiersten. She looks at Lake and smiles.

"You must be Abby," Lake says. "I'm Layken, this is Will."

Abby gives us a slight wave but doesn't say anything.

"Abby's shy. Give her time, she'll warm up to you," Kiersten says. They turn and make their way to the table in the kitchen.

"Is Sherry coming?" Lake says.

"No, probably not. She wants me to bring her some cake, though."

Kel and Caulder run into the kitchen when they hear Abby and Kiersten.

"There they are," Kiersten says. "How was your week off school, lucky butt's?"

"Abby, come here," Caulder says. "I want to show you my room."

After Abby follows Caulder out of the room, I look at Lake, a little concerned. She sees the worry in my eyes and laughs. "Relax, Will. They're only ten. I'm sure he just wants to show her his toys."

Regardless, I walk down the hallway and spy.

"I'm the guest, dork. I should get to be player one," I hear Abby say.

Sure enough, they're just being ten. I walk back into the kitchen and wink at Lake.

***

After the party is over, Eddie and Gavin agree to take Abby home. Kel and Caulder go to Caulder's room to play Kel's new video games. Lake and I are alone in the living room. She's laying down on the couch with her feet in my lap. I rub her feet, massaging the tension away. She's been going nonstop all day, getting everything prepared for Kel's party. She's laying with her eyes closed, enjoying the relaxation.

"I have a confession to make," I say, still rubbing her feet.

She reluctantly opens her eyes. "What?"

"I've been counting down the hours in my head until next weekend."

She grins at me, relieved that this is my confession. "So have I. One hundred and sixty three."

I lean my head back against the couch and smile at her. "Good, I don't feel so pathetic now."

"It doesn't make you any less pathetic," she says. "It just means we're both pathetic."

She sits up and grabs my shirt, pulling me to her. Her lips brush against mine and she whispers, "What are your plans for the next hour or so?"

Her words cause my pulse to immediately race, and chills to run down my arms. She touches her cheek to mine and whispers in my ear. "Let's go to my house for a little while, I'll give you a little preview of next weekend."

She doesn't have to ask twice. I pull away from her and jump over the back of the couch and run to the front door. "Boys, we'll be back in a little while! Don't leave!" She's still sitting on the couch so I walk over and grab her hands, pulling her up. "Come on, we don't have much time!"

When we get to her house, she shuts the door behind her. I don't even wait until we get to the bedroom. I shove her against the front door and start kissing her. "One hundred and sixty-two," I say between kisses.

"Let's go to the bedroom," she says. "I'll lock the front door. That way if they come over here, they'll have to knock first." She turns around and latches the deadbolt.

"Good idea," I say. We continue to kiss as we make our way down the hallway. We can't seem to make it very far without one of us ending up against a wall. By the time we get to the bedroom, my shirt's already off.

"Let's do that thing again where the first person to call retreat is the loser," she says. She's kicking off her shoes so I do the same.

"You're about to lose then, 'cause I'm not retreating," I say. She knows I'll lose. I always do.

"Neither am I," she says, shaking her head. She pulls her legs up and scoots back onto the bed. I stand at the edge of the bed and take in the view before I join her. Sometimes when I watch her, it seems surreal that she's mine. That she really loves me back. She blows a strand of hair out of her face, then tucks her hair behind her ears and positions herself against the pillow, waiting for me to join her. I slowly slide on top of her and slip my hand behind her neck, gently pulling her lips to mine. I move slowly as I kiss her, trying to savor every second. We hardly ever get to make out; I don't want to rush it.

"I love you so much," I whisper. She wraps her legs around my waist and tightens her arms on my back in an attempt to pull me in closer.

"Spend the night with me, Will. Please? You can come over after the boys go to sleep. They'll never know."

"Lake, it's just one more week. We can make it."

"I don't mean for that. We can wait for that until next weekend. I just want you in my bed tonight, I miss you. Please?"

I continue kissing her neck without responding to her plea. I can't say no, so I just don't respond at all.

"Don't make me beg, Will. You're so damn responsible sometimes, it makes me feel weak."

I laugh at the thought that she thinks she's weak. My lips make their way down to the collar of her shirt. "If I spend the night...what are you gonna wear?" I slowly unbutton the top button of her shirt and press my lips to her skin.

"Oh my god," she breathes. "I'll wear whatever the hell you want me to wear."

I unbutton the next button on her shirt and move my lips a little lower. "I don't like this shirt. I definitely don't want you to wear this shirt," I say. "In fact, it's a really ugly shirt. I think you should take it off and throw it away." I unbutton the third button, waiting for her to call retreat. I know I'm about to win.

When she doesn't, I continue kissing lower and lower as I unbutton the fourth button, then the fifth button, then the last button. She still doesn't call retreat. She's testing me. I slowly bring my lips back to her mouth and she rolls me onto my back and straddles me, then slides her shirt off and tosses it aside.

I run my hands up her arms and over the curves of her chest. Her hair has gotten a lot longer since I met her. It's hanging loosely around her as she leans over me. I tuck it behind her ears so I can see her face better. It's dark, but I can still make out her smile, and the amazing emerald hue of her eyes. I slide my hands back up to her shoulders and trace the outline of her bra.

"Wear this tonight." I slide my fingers under the straps. "I like this."

"So does that mean you're staying the night?" she asks. Her tone is more serious now. Not so playful.

"If you wear this," I say, being just as serious. She presses her body against mine, our bare skin meeting for the first time in months. I'm definitely not calling retreat now. I can't. I'm usually not so weak; I don't know what it is about her right now that's making me so weak.

"Lake." I break my lips apart from hers, but she continues kissing the edges of them as I speak, short of breath. "It's just a matter of hours until next weekend. It's coming up so fast, in fact...that this weekend can be considered part of the upcoming week. And the upcoming week is part of next weekend. So technically, next weekend is sort of occurring right now...this very second."

She grabs my face with her hands and positions it in front of her so that she can look me straight in the eyes. "Will? You better not be saying this because you think I'm about to call retreat, because I'm not. Not this time."

She's serious. I gently roll her onto her back and ease myself on top of her. I place my hand on the side of her head and stroke her cheek with my thumb, looking her straight in the eyes. "You're not? Are you positive you're ready to not call retreat? Right now?"

"Positive," she whispers. She wraps her legs tightly around my thighs and we completely give in to our need for each other. I grab the back of her head and press her mouth into mine even harder. I can feel my pulse rushing through my entire body as we both begin to gasp for air between each kiss, like we suddenly forgot how to breathe. We're both desperate, doing our best to get past the moment one of us usually calls retreat. We pass that moment pretty quickly. I reach around to her back until my hands find the clasp on her bra and I unhook it while she frantically tugs at the button on my pants. I pull the straps of her bra down over her arms to slide it off when the worst thing in the world happens. Someone knocks on the damn door.

"Christ!" I say. My head is spinning so fast, I have to take a moment to calm down. I press my forehead into the pillow next to her and we both try to catch our breath. She slides out from under me and stands up.

"Will, I can't find my shirt," she says with panic in her voice. I roll onto my back and pull her shirt out from beneath me and toss it to her.

"Here's your ugly shirt," I tease.

The boys are beating on the door now, so I hop out of the bed and go down the hallway to find my own shirt before opening the front door for them.

"What took you so long?" Kel asks as they shove their way past me.

"We were watching a movie," I lie. "We were at a really good part and didn't want to pause it."

"Yeah," Lake agrees, emerging from the hallway. "A really good part."

Kel and Caulder walk to the kitchen and flip the light on.

"Can Caulder stay here tonight?" Kel asks.

"I don't know why you guys even bother asking anymore," Lake says.

"Because we're grounded. Remember?" Caulder says.

Lake looks to me for assistance.

"It's your birthday, Kel. The grounding can resume tomorrow night," I say.

They both go to the living room and start watching TV.

I reach my hand out to Lake. "Walk me home?"

Lake grabs my hand and we head out the front door.

"Are you coming back over later?" she asks.

Now that I've had the chance to cool off, I can see where coming back might not be a good idea. "Lake, maybe I shouldn't. We got really carried away just now. How do you expect me to sleep in the same bed with you after that?"

I expect her to object, but she doesn't.

"You're right, like always. It'll be weird anyway with our brothers in the same house." She wraps her arms around me when we reach my front door. It's incredibly cold outside, but she doesn't seem to care as we stand there and hold each other.

"Or maybe you're wrong," she says. "Maybe you should come back in an hour. I'll wear the ugliest pajamas I can find and I won't even brush my teeth. You won't want to touch me. All we'll do is sleep."

I laugh at her absurd plan. "You could go a week without brushing your teeth or changing clothes and I still wouldn't be able to keep my hands off you."

"I'm serious, Will. Come back in an hour, I just want to cuddle with you. I'll make sure the boys are in their room and you can sneak in like we're in high school."

She doesn't have to do much convincing. "Fine. I'll be back in an hour. But all we're doing is sleeping, okay? No tempting me."

"No tempting, promise," she says with a grin.

I cup her chin in my hand and lower my voice as I speak. "Lake, I'm serious. I want this to be perfect for you and I get really carried away when I'm with you. We only have a week left. I want to stay the night with you but I need you to promise me you won't put me in that position again for at least 162 more hours. "

"One hundred sixty-one and a half," she says.

I shake my head and laugh. "Go put those boys to bed. I'll see you in a little while."

She kisses me goodbye and I head into the house and take a shower. A cold shower.

When I get to her house an hour later, all the lights are off. I lock the door behind me and ease my way down the hallway and into her bedroom. She left the bedside lamp on for me. She's lying in bed with her back toward me, so I climb in behind her and slide my arm under her head. I expect her to respond, but she's out. She's actually snoring. I brush her hair behind her ear and kiss the back of her head as I pull the covers around us both and close my eyes.

Saturday, January 14th, 2012

I love being with you so bad

When we aren't together, I miss you so bad

One of these days, I'm going to marry you so bad

And it'll be

so

so

good.

Chapter Five

Lake was upset when she woke up Saturday morning and I was already gone. She says it wasn't fair that she slept through our entire first sleepover. Regardless, I enjoyed it. I watched her sleep for a while before I went back home.

We didn't get into any more situations like the one in her bedroom Friday night. I think we're both surprised at how intense things got; so we're trying to avoid it happening again. Until this coming weekend, anyway. Saturday we spent the evening at Joel's with Eddie and Gavin. Sunday, Lake and I did homework together. Pretty typical weekend.

Now I'm sitting here in Death and Dying, being stared down by the only person I've ever had sex with. It's awkward. The way Vaughn is acting, I feel like I really am hiding something from Lake. But telling her about Vaughn now would just prove that I wasn't being completely honest the first week of school. The last thing I want to do before this weekend is upset Lake, so I decide to wait another week before I bring it up.

"Vaughn, the professor is up there," I say, pointing to the front of the room. She continues to stare at me.

"Will, you're being a snob," she whispers. "I don't understand why you won't just talk to me. If you were really over what happened between us, it wouldn't bother you this much."

I can't believe she honestly thinks I'm not over us. I've been over us since the day I first laid eyes on Lake.

"I'm over us, Vaughn. It's been three years. You're over us, too. You just always want what you can't have, and it's pissing you off. It's got nothing to do with me."

She folds her arms across her chest and sits back in her chair. "You think I want you?" She glares at me, then turns her attention to the front of the room. "Has anyone ever told you that you're an a**hole?" she whispers.

I laugh. "As a matter of fact, yes. More than once."

***

Today is Kel and Caulder's first day back to school since their suspension. They both climb in the car with defeated expressions across their faces. I eye the books spilling out of their backpacks and realize it's going to be a night full of catching up on homework for the two of them. "I guess you guys learned your lesson," I say, pulling out of the parking lot.

Lake is walking out of my house when we get out of the car. It doesn't bother me at all that she's at my house when I'm not home, but I'm a little curious what she was doing while she was inside. She sees the confusion on my face as she walks toward me. She holds out her hand and reveals one of the stars that her mother made, resting in her palm.

"Don't judge me," she says. She looks down at her palm and rolls the star around in her hand. "I just miss her today."

The look on her face makes me sad for her. I give her a quick hug, then watch her walk across the street and go back inside her house. She's in need of alone time, so I give it to her. "Kel, stay over here for a while. I'll help you guys with all your homework."

It takes us a couple of hours to finish the weeks' worth of assignments that piled up while the boys were suspended. Gavin and Eddie are supposed to come over for dinner tonight, so I head to the kitchen to start cooking. We're not having burgers tonight. I'm sure we'll never have burgers again. I debate on whether or not I want to cook basagna, but decide against it. Honestly, I don't even feel like cooking. I grab the phone and go to the fridge and slide the Chinese menu out from under the magnet.

Half an hour later, Eddie and Gavin show up, followed a minute later by Lake, then the Chinese delivery guy. I set the containers in the middle of the table and we all start filling our plates.

"We're in the middle of a game, can we eat in my room tonight?" Caulder asks.

"Sure," I say.

"I thought they were grounded," Gavin says.

"They are," Lake replies.

Gavin picks up his eggroll and takes a bite. "They're playing video games. What exactly are they grounded from, then?"

Lake looks to me for assistance. I don't know the answer, but I try anyway.

"Gavin, are you questioning our parenting skills?" I ask.

"Nope," Gavin says. "Not at all."

There's a weird vibe tonight. Eddie is extremely quiet as she picks at her food. Gavin and I try to make small talk, but that doesn't last long. Lake seems to be in her own little world, not paying much attention to what's going on. I try to break the tension.

"Suck and sweet time," I say. Almost simultaneously, all three of them object.

"What's going on?" I ask them. "What's with all the depression tonight?" No one answers me. Eddie and Gavin look at each other. Eddie looks like she's about to cry so Gavin kisses her on the forehead, but they just continue eating. I look over at Lake and she's just staring down at her plate, twirling her noodles around. "What about you, Babe? What's wrong?" I say to her.

"Nothing. Really, it's nothing," she says, unsuccessfully trying to convince me she's fine. She smiles at me and grabs both of our glasses and goes to the kitchen to refill them.

"Sorry, Will," Gavin says. "Eddie and I aren't trying to be rude. We've just got a lot on our minds lately."

"No problem," I say. "Anything I can do to help?"

They both shake their heads. "You going to the slam Thursday night?" Gavin asks, changing the subject.

We haven't been in a few weeks. Since before Christmas, I think. "I don't know, I guess we could." I turn to Lake. "You want to?"

She shrugs. "Sounds fun. We'll have to see if someone can watch Kel and Caulder, though."

Eddie clears her and Gavin's spots at the table while Gavin puts his jacket on. "We'll see you there, then. Thanks for supper. We won't suck so much next time."

"It's fine," I say. "Everyone's entitled to a bad day every now and then."

After they leave, I close the take-out containers and start placing them in the refrigerator while Lake washes our dishes in the sink. I walk over to her and hug her. "You sure you're okay?" I ask.

She turns around and hugs me back, laying her head against my chest. "I'm fine, Will. It's just...." She stops talking. I lift her face up to mine and she's trying to hold back tears.

I place my hand on the back of her head and pull her to me. "What's wrong?"

She quietly cries into my shirt. I can tell she's trying again to stop herself. I wish she wasn't so hard on herself when she gets sad.

"It's just today," she says. "It's their anniversary."

I realize she's talking about her mom and dad, so I don't say anything. I just hug her tighter and kiss the top of her head.

"I know it's silly that I'm upset. I'm mostly upset about the fact that it's making me so upset," she says.

I place my hands on her cheeks and pull her gaze to mine. "It's not silly, Lake. I don't know why you get so mad at yourself when you're sad. It's okay to cry sometimes."

She smiles and kisses me, then breaks away, still attempting to not be sad. "I'm going somewhere with Eddie tomorrow night. Wednesday night I have a study group, so I won't see you until Thursday. Are you getting a sitter, or should I?" she asks.

"Do you really think they need one? Kel's eleven now and Caulder will be eleven in two months. Don't you think they can stay home for a few hours by themselves?"

She nods. "I guess so. Maybe I'll ask Sherry if she'll at least feed them supper and check on them. I could give her some money."

"I like that idea," I say.

She calls for Kel after she gets her jacket and shoes on, then walks back to the kitchen and puts her arms around me. "Ninety three more hours," she says, planting a kiss on my neck. "I love you."

"Listen to me," I say as I look her intently in the eyes. "It's okay to be sad, Lake. Quit trying to carve so many pumpkins. And I love you, too." I kiss her one last time and lock the door behind them when they leave.

Tonight was really strange. The whole vibe seemed off. I decide since we're going to the slam to try to put my thoughts down on paper. I think I'll surprise Lake and do one for her this week. Maybe it'll help her feel better.

***

For reasons beyond my comprehension, Vaughn sits next to me again on Wednesday. You would think after our little tiff on Monday that she would have given up by now. I was hoping she had, anyway.

She pulls her notebook out and opens her textbook where we left off Monday. She doesn't stare at me this time. In fact, she doesn't even speak during the entire class period. I'm happy she's not talking to me, but at the same time I feel a little guilty for being so rude to her. Not guilty enough to apologize about it, though. She did deserve it.

As we're packing our things up, still not speaking, she slides something across the table to me, then walks out. I debate throwing the note in the trash without reading it, but my curiosity gets the better of me. I wait until I'm seated in my next class to open it.

Will,

You may not want to hear this, but I need to say it. I'm really sorry. Breaking up with you is one of my biggest regrets in life so far. Especially breaking up with you when I did. It wasn't fair to you, I realize that now; but I was young and I was scared.

You can't act like what we had between us was nothing. I loved you, and I know you loved me. You at least owe me the courtesy of talking to me. I just want the chance to apologize to you in person. I can't seem to let go of how things ended between us. Let me apologize.

Vaughn

I fold the note up and put it in my pocket, then lay my head down on the desk and sigh. She's not going to let it go. I don't want to think about it right now, so I don't. I'll worry about it later.

***

The next night, I don't think about anything other than Lake.

I'm picking her up in an hour, so I rush through my homework and head to the shower. I walk past Caulder's bedroom on my way. He and Kel are playing video games.

"Why can't we go with you? You said yourself there wasn't an age limit," Kel says.

I pause and back step to their doorway. "You guys actually want to go? You realize it's poetry, right?"

They seem excited at the possibility of actually going.

"Fine, let me make sure it's okay with Lake first." I head out the front door and across the street. When I open the door to her house, she screams.

"Will! Turn around!" I turn around, but not before I see her. She must have just gotten out of the shower, because she's standing in the living room completely nak*d.

"Oh my god, I thought I locked the door. Doesn't anyone knock?"

I laugh. "Welcome to my world," I say.

"You can turn around now," she says.

When I turn around, she's wrapped in a towel. I walk over to her and wrap my arms around her waist, pick her up off the floor and spin her around. "Twenty four more hours," I say as her feet touch the floor again. "You nervous yet?"

"Nope, not at all. Like I said before...I'm in good hands."

I want to kiss her, but I don't. The towel is too much, so I back away from her and ask her what I came here to ask her. "Kel and Caulder want to know if it's okay if they go with us tonight. They're curious," I say.

"Really? That's weird...but I don't care if you don't care," she says.

"Okay, then. I'll tell them." I walk back toward the door. "And Lake? Thanks for giving me another preview."

She looks slightly embarrassed so I wink at her and shut her front door behind me. This is about to be the longest twenty-four hours of my life.

***

We take a seat in the back of the club with Gavin and Eddie. In fact, it's the same booth Lake and I sat in on our first date. Kiersten wanted to come, too, so it's a tight fit.

Sherry must trust us a lot. She asked a lot of questions about the slam before she agreed to let Kiersten come, though. By the end of the question/answer session, Sherry was intrigued. She said it would be good for Kiersten to see a slam. Kiersten said doing a slam would be good for her portfolio, so she brought a pen and a notebook to take notes.

"Alright, who's thirsty?" I take drink orders and head to the bar before the sac is brought on stage to perform. I explained the rules to all the kids on the way here, so I think they have a pretty good understanding of it. I haven't told them I'm performing though. I want it to be a surprise. Lake doesn't know either, so before I take the drinks back to the table, I go pay my fee.

"This is so cool," Kiersten says when I get back to the booth. "You guys are the coolest parents ever."

"No they aren't," Kel says. "They don't let us cuss."

Lake hushes them as the first performer steps up to the microphone. I recognize the guy; I've seen him perform here a lot. He's really good. I put my arm around Lake and he begins his poem.

"My name is Edmund Davis-Quinn and this is a piece I wrote called Write Poorly."

Write poorly.

Suck

Write awful

Terribly

Frightfully

Don't care

Turn off the inner editor

Let yourself write

Let it flow

Let yourself fail

Do something crazy

Write fifty thousand words in the month of November.

I did it.

It was fun, it was insane it was one thousand six hundred and sixty seven words a day.

It was possible.

But, you have to turn off your inner critic.

Off completely.

Just write.

Quickly.

In Bursts.

With joy.

If you can't write, run away for a few.

Come back.

Write again.

Writing is like anything else.

You won't get good at it immediately.

It's a craft you have to keep getting better.

You don't get to Julliard, unless you practice.

If you want to get to Carnegie Hall, practice, practice, practice.

...or give them a lot of money.

Like anything else it takes ten thousand hours to get to mastery.

Just like Malcolm Gladwell says.

So write.

Fail.

Get your thoughts down.

Let it rest.

Let it marinate.

Then edit.

But don't edit as you type,

that just slows the brain down.

Find a daily practice,

for me it's blogging every day.

And it's fun.

The more you write, the easier it gets. The more it is a flow, the less a worry. It's not for school, it's not for a grade, it's just to get your thoughts out there.

You know they want to come out.

So keep at it. Make it a practice. And write poorly, write awfully, write with abandon and it may end up being

really

really

good.

When the crowd starts cheering I glance at the kids. They're all just staring at the stage. "Holy shit," Kiersten says. "This is awesome. That was incredible."

"Why are you just now bringing us here, Will? This is so cool!" Caulder says.

I'm surprised they all seem to like it as much as they do. They're relatively quiet the rest of the night as they watch the performers. Kiersten keeps writing in her notebook. I'm not sure what kind of notes she's taking but I can see she's really into it. I make a mental note to give her some of my older poems later.

"Next up, Will Cooper," the emcee says. Everyone at the table looks at me, surprised.

"Are you doing one?" Lake says. I just smile at her and nod as I stand up and walk away from the table.

I used to get nervous when I would perform. A small part of me still does, but I think it's more the adrenaline rush than anything. The first time I ever came here was with my father. He was really into the arts. Music, poetry, painting, reading, writing. All of it. I saw him perform here for the first time when I was fifteen. I've been hooked since. I hate that Caulder never got to know that side of him. I've kept as much of my dad's writings as I could find, even a couple of old paintings. Someday I'll give them all to Caulder. Someday when he's old enough to appreciate it.

I take the stage and walk up to the microphone, adjusting the height of it. My poem isn't going to make sense to anyone besides Lake. This one's just for her.

"My piece is called Point of Retreat," I say into the microphone. The spotlight is bright, so I can't see her from up here, but I have a pretty good idea she's smiling. I don't rush the words of the poem, I perform it slow so she can take in every word of it.

Twenty-two hours and our war begins.

Our war of limbs

and lips

and hands...

The point of retreat

Is no longer a factor

When both sides of the line

Agree to surrender

I can't tell you how many times I've lost...

Or is it how many times you've won?

This game we've been playing for fifty-nine weeks

I'd say the score

is

none

to

none.

Twenty-two hours and our war begins

Our war of limbs

and lips

and hands...

The best part of finally

Not calling retreat?

The showers above us

Raining down on our feet

While the bombs are exploding and the guns fire their rounds. Before the two of us collapse to the ground. Before the battle, before the war...

You need to know

I'd go fifty-nine more.

Whatever it takes to let you win.

I'd retreat all over

and all over

and over

again.

I back away from the microphone and find the stairs. I'm not even halfway back to the booth when Lake throws her arms around my neck and kisses me. "Thank you," she whispers in my ear.

When I slide into the booth, Caulder rolls his eyes. "You could have warned us, Will. We would have hid in the bathroom."

"I thought it was beautiful," Kiersten says.

It's after nine when round two gets underway. "Come on kids, you guys have school tomorrow. We need to go," I say. They all whine as they slide out of the booth one by one.

***

Once we get home, the kids head into the houses and Lake and I linger in the driveway, hugging. It's getting harder and harder to be separated from her at night, knowing she's just yards away. It's become a nightly struggle not to text her and beg her to come crawl in bed with me. Now that our promise to Julia has been fulfilled, I have a feeling nothing will stop us after tomorrow night. Well, other than the fact that we're trying to set a good example for Kel and Caulder. But there's ways to sneak around that.

I slide my hands up the back of her shirt to warm them. They're freezing. She apparently thinks so too and begins to squirm, trying to get out of my grasp.

"Your hands are freezing!" she laughs, still trying to pull away from me.

I just squeeze her tighter. "I know. That's why you need to be still so I can warm them up." I rub them against her skin, attempting to keep the mental images of tomorrow night from overtaking my thoughts at the moment. It's so distracting. I remove my hands from underneath her shirt and wrap my arms around her.

"So. Do you want the good news or the bad news first?" I ask her.

She shoots me a dirty look. "Do you want me to punch you in the face or the nuts?"

I laugh, but prepare to defend myself just in case. "My grandparents are worried the boys will get bored at their house, so they want to keep them at my house instead. The good news is, we can't stay at your house now so I booked us two nights in a hotel in Detroit."

"That's not bad news. Don't scare me like that," she says.

"I just thought you would be a little apprehensive about seeing my grandmother. I know how you feel about her."

She looks at me and frowns. "Don't, Will. You know good and well it's not how I feel about her. She hates me!"

"She doesn't hate you," I say. "She's just protective of me." I wrap my arms around her tighter and try to push the thought out of her mind by kissing her ear.

"Well, it's your fault she hates me anyway."

I pull back and look at her. "My fault? How is it my fault?"

She rolls her eyes. "Your graduation? You don't remember what you said the first night I met her?"

I don't remember. I don't know what she's talking about. I try to remember, but nothing comes to mind.

"Will, we were all over each other. After your graduation when we all went out to eat, you could barely talk you were kissing me so much. It was making your grandmother really uncomfortable. When she asked you how long we'd been dating, you told her eighteen hours! How do you think that made me look?"

I remember now. That dinner was really fun. It felt great not to be ethically bound from putting my hands all over her, so that's all I did all night long.

"But it's sort of true," I say. "We were only officially dating for eighteen hours."

Lake hits me on the arm. "She thinks I'm a slut, Will! It's embarrassing!"

I touch my lips against her ear again. "Not yet, you're not," I tease.

She pushes me away and points to herself. "You aren't getting any more of this for twenty-four hours." She laughs and starts to walk backwards up her driveway.

"Twenty-one," I correct her.

She reaches the front door and turns and goes inside without so much as a goodnight kiss. What a tease! She's not getting the upper hand tonight. I run up the driveway and open her front door and pull her back outside. I push her against the brick wall of the entryway and look her in the eyes as I press my body against hers. She's trying to look mad, but I can see the corner of her mouth break out into a smile. Our hands interlock and I bring them above her head and press them against the wall. "Listen to me very carefully," I whisper. I continue to look her in the eyes. She listens. She likes it when I try to intimidate her. "I don't want you to pack a damn thing. I want you to wear exactly what you were wearing last Friday night. Do you still have that ugly shirt?"

She smiles and nods. I don't think she could speak right now if she wanted to.

"Good. What you're wearing when we leave tomorrow night is the only thing you're allowed to bring. No pajamas....no extra clothes. Nothing. I want you to meet me at my house at seven o'clock tomorrow night. Do you understand?"

She nods again. Her pulse is racing against my chest and I can tell by the look in her eyes that she needs me to kiss her. My hands remain clasped with hers against the wall as I move my mouth closer to her lips. I hesitate at the last minute and decide not to kiss her. I slowly drop her hands and back away from her and make my way back to the house. When I reach my front door, I turn around and she's still leaning against the brick in the same position. Good. I got the upper hand this time.

Friday, January 20th, 2012

Lake will never read my journal, so I should say what's really on my mind, right? Even if she does read this, it'll be after I'm dead when she's sorting through my things. So technically, maybe one day she will actually read this. But it won't matter by then, 'cause I'll be dead.

So, Lake...if you're reading this...I'm sorry I'm dead.

But for right now, in this moment...I am so alive. So very much alive. Tonight is the night. It's been worth the wait. All fifty-nine weeks of it. (Over seventy if you count from our first date)

So, I'll just say what's on my mind, okay?

Sex.

Sex, sex, sex. I'm hav**g s*x tonight. Making love. Butterflying. Whatever you want to call it, we'll be doing it.

And I can't freaking wait.

Chapter Six

I want today to be perfect, so I decide to skip school, clean the house and finalize our plans before my grandparents arrive. I can't believe how nervous I am. Or maybe it's excitement. I don't know what it is; I just know I want the day to hurry the hell up.

On my way home from picking the boys up from school, we stop at the store to get a few things for dinner. We don't have plans to leave until seven so I text my grandfather and tell them I'm cooking for them. I'm baking basagna. Julia said to wait for a good day to bake it again...and it's definitely a good day. I'm running behind when I see their headlights through the living room window. I haven't even showered yet and I still need to cook the breadsticks.

"Caulder, Grandma and Grandpa are here, go open the door!"

He doesn't need to, they open the door anyway. Without knocking, of course. My grandmother walks through the door first so I walk over to her and kiss her on the cheek.

"Hi, Sweetie," she says. "What smells so good?"

"Basagna." I walk to my grandfather and give him a hug.

"Basagna?" she says.

I shake my head and laugh. "Lasagna, I mean."

My grandmother smiles at me and it reminds of my mom. They were almost identical. She and my grandfather are both tall and thin, just like my mom. A lot of people find my grandmother intimidating, but I find it hard to be intimidated by her. I've spent so much time with her; it feels like she's my own mother sometimes.

My grandfather sets their bags down by the front door and they follow me into the kitchen. "Will, have you heard of this twitter?" He brings his glasses to the edge of his nose and looks down at his phone.

My grandmother looks at me and shakes her head. "He got one of those intelligent phones. Now he's trying to twit the President."

"Smart phones," I correct her. "And it's tweet, not twit."

"He follows me," my grandfather says, defensively. "I'm not kidding, he really does! I got a message yesterday that said 'The President is now following you.'"

"That's cool, Grandpa. But no, I don't tweet."

"Well, you should. A young man your age needs to stay ahead of the game when it comes to the social media."

"I'll be fine," I assure him. I put the breadsticks in the oven and start to grab plates out of the cabinet.

"Let me do that, Will," my grandmother says, pulling the plates out of my hands.

"Hey Grandma, hey Grandpa," Caulder says, running into the kitchen to hug them. "Grandpa, do you remember the game we played last time you were here?"

My grandfather nods. "You mean the one where I killed twenty-six enemy soldiers?"

"Yeah, that one. Kel got the newest one for his birthday. You want to play it with us?"

"You bet I do!" he says, following Caulder to his bedroom.

The funny thing is, my grandfather isn't being overdramatic for Caulder's benefit. He genuinely wants to play.

My grandmother pulls a stack of glasses out of the cabinet and turns to me. "He's getting worse, you know," she says.

"How so?"

"He bought himself one of those game thingies. He's getting all into this technology stuff. Now he's on the twitter!" She shakes her head. "He's always telling me things he twitted to people. I don't get it, Will. It's like some sort of mid-life crisis, twenty years too late."

"It's tweeted. And I think it's cool. It gives him and Caulder a way to relate."

She finishes filling the cups with ice and walks back to the bar. "Should I set a place for Layken, too?" she says flatly. I can tell by her tone that she's hoping I say no.

"Yes, you should," I say sternly.

She darts a look in my direction. "Will, I'm just going to say it."

Oh boy, here we go.

"It's not appropriate with the two of you just running off for the weekend like this. You aren't even engaged yet, much less married. I just think you two rushed into things so quickly, it makes me nervous."

I put my hands on my grandmother's shoulders and smile reassuringly at her. "Grandma, we aren't rushing into things, believe me. And you need to give her a chance, she's amazing. Now promise me you will at least pretend to like her when she gets here. And be nice!"

She sighs. "It's not that I don't like her, Will. It just makes me uncomfortable, the way you two act together. It just seems like you're...I don't know... too in love."

I take the pan of basagna to the table as I respond to her. "If your only complaint about her is that we're too in love, I guess I'll take it."

She brings the extra place setting to the table and sets an extra glass down for Lake.

"I still need to jump in the shower, it won't take long," I say. "The breadsticks should be done in a few minutes if you'll take them out."

She agrees and I head to my room to pack a few things before going to shower. I reach under the bed to grab my bag and set it on the comforter. When I zip it open, I notice my hands are shaking. Why the hell am I so nervous? It's not like I've never done this before. Then again, it's Lake. I realize as I'm shoving the last of my clothes into the bag that I'm grinning like a complete idiot. I really need a cold shower.

I grab my change of clothes and head to the bathroom when I hear a knock on the front door. I smile. She's trying to impress my grandmother, so she knocks this time. It's cute. She's making an effort.

"Oh my God! Look who it is!" I hear my grandmother squeal after she opens the front door. "Paul! Come look who's here!"

I roll my eyes. I know I asked her to be polite to Lake, but I didn't expect her to make a spectacle. I open the door and make my way into the living room. She'll be pissed if I leave her to fend for herself while I shower.

Shit! Shit, shit, shit! What the hell is she doing here?

She's hugging my grandfather when she sees me standing in the hallway. "Hey, Will," she smiles.

I don't smile back.

"Vaughn, we haven't seen you in years," my grandmother says. "Stay for dinner, it's almost ready. I'll make you a plate."

"No!" I yell, probably a little to angrily.

My grandmother turns toward me and frowns. "Will, that's not very nice," she says.

I ignore her. "Vaughn? Can I talk to you please?" I motion for her to join me in the bedroom. I need to get rid of her, now. She walks into my bedroom and I close the door behind me. "What are you doing here?"

She sits down on the edge of the bed. "I told you, I just need to talk to you." She's got her blond hair pulled back in a bun again. She's looking at me all doe-eyed, trying to gain my sympathy.

"Vaughn, it's really not a good time."

She folds her arms across her chest and shakes her head. "I'm not leaving until you talk to me. All you've done is avoid me."

"I can't talk right now, I'm leaving in half an hour. I've got a lot I need to get done and I won't be back until Monday. I'll talk to you after class on Wednesday. Just please, leave."

She doesn't move. She looks down at her hands and starts crying. Good god, she's crying! I throw my hands up in the air in frustration and walk over to the bed and sit beside her. This is horrible. This is so bad.

We're almost in the exact same predicament as we were three years ago. We were sitting on this very bed when she broke up with me. She said she couldn't imagine being nineteen and raising a child and having such big responsibilities. I was so upset with her for leaving me during such a low point in my life. I'm almost just as upset with her now, but this time it's because she won't leave.

"Will, I miss you. I miss Caulder. Since I saw you the first day of class, I've done nothing but think about you and how we ended things. I was wrong. Please, just hear me out."

I sigh and throw myself back on the bed and cover my eyes with my arms. She could not have picked a worse time. Lake's going to be here in less than fifteen minutes. I need to get rid of her now.

"Fine, talk. Make it quick," I say.

She clears her throat and wipes the tears from her eyes. It's odd how I don't care that she's crying. How can I love someone so much for so long, then have absolutely no sympathy for them whatsoever?

"I know you have a girlfriend. But I also know that you haven't been dating her near as long as you and I dated. And I know about her parents, and that she's raising her brother. People talk, Will."

"What's your point?" I say.

"I think maybe you're with her for all the wrong reasons. Maybe you just feel sorry for her since she's going through what you went through with your family. It's not fair to her if that's why you're with her. I think you owe it to her to give you and I another shot. To see where your heart really is."

I sit up on the bed. I want to yell at her, but I take a deep breath and calm myself down. I feel sorry for her, really. "Vaughn, listen. You're right, I did love you. Did being the key word, here. I'm in love with Lake. I would never do anything to hurt her. And you being here, it would hurt her. That's why I want you to leave. I'm sorry, I know this isn't what you want to hear. But you made your choice, and I've moved on from that choice. Now you need to move on, too. Please, do us both a favor and just go."

I stand up and walk to the bedroom door and wait for her to do the same. She stands up, but rather than follow me to the door she starts to cry again. I roll my head and walk over to her. "Vaughn, stop. Stop crying. I'm sorry," I say, putting my arms around her. Maybe I've been too hard on her. I know it took a lot for her to come here and apologize. If she really does still love me, I shouldn't be acting like such a jerk.

She pulls away. "It's fine, Will," she says, wiping her eyes. "I'm okay with it, really. I shouldn't be putting you in this predicament, anyway. I just hated how I hurt you and I wanted to say I'm sorry in person. I'll go," she says. "And...I really do want you to be happy. You deserve to be happy."

I can tell by the tone of her voice and the look in her eyes that she's being genuine. Finally. I know she's a good person, otherwise I wouldn't have spent two years of my life with her. But I also know the selfish side of her, and I'm thankful that side didn't win tonight.

I brush the hair away from her face and wipe the tears from her cheeks. "Thank you, Vaughn."

She smiles and hugs me goodbye. I'll admit, it feels good finally having closure between us. I feel like I've had closure for a while, but maybe this is what she needs. Maybe being in class with her won't be so unbearable now. I give her a quick peck on the forehead when we separate and I turn to the door.

And that's when it happens...my whole world comes crashing down around me.

She's standing in the doorway watching us, her mouth open like she's about to say something, but can't. Caulder brushes past her when he sees Vaughn standing behind me. "Vaughn!" he says excitedly as he rushes to her and hugs her.

Lake looks into my eyes and I see it...I see her heart breaking.

I can't find my words. Lake slowly shakes her head, like she's trying to make sense of whatever she's seeing. She pulls her gaze away from mine and turns and leaves. I run after her, but she's already out the front door. I slip my shoes on and swing the door open.

"Lake!" I yell as soon as I'm outside. I reach her just as she makes it to the street. I grab her arm and turn her back around to face me. I don't know what to say. What do I say?

She's crying. I try to pull her to me but she fights me. She shoves me back and starts hitting me in the chest without saying a word. She just keeps hitting me. I grab her hands and pull her to me but she continues to try and fight me. I keep holding her until she grows weaker in my arms and starts to fall to the ground. Rather than hold her up, I melt to the snow-covered street with her and hold her as she cries.

"Lake, it's nothing. I swear. It's nothing."

"I saw you, Will. I saw you hugging her. It wasn't nothing," she cries. "You kissed her on the forehead! Why would you do that?" She continues to cry. She's isn't trying to hold back her tears this time.

"I'm sorry, Lake. I'm so sorry. It didn't mean anything. I was asking her to leave."

She pulls herself away from me and stands up and walks toward her house. I follow her. "Lake, let me explain. Please."

She continues inside the house and slams the door in my face...and locks it. I place my hands on both sides of the doorframe and hang my head down. I've screwed it up again. I've really screwed it up this time.

"Will, I'm really sorry," Vaughn says from behind me. "Really, I didn't mean to cause problems."

I don't turn around when I respond. "Vaughn, just go. Please."

"Okay," she says. "One more thing, though. I know you don't want to hear this right now, but you weren't in class today. He assigned our first test for Wednesday. I copied my notes for you and put them on your coffee table. I'll see you on Wednesday." I hear the crunch of the snow beneath her feet fade as she walks back to her car.

The lock unlatches and Lake slowly opens her front door. She pulls it open just far enough so that I can see her face when she looks me in the eyes.

"She's in your class?" she says quietly.

I don't respond. My whole body flinches when she slams the door in my face. She doesn't just lock it this time; she deadbolts it and turns the entryway light out. I lean against the door and close my eyes, doing my best to hold back my own tears.

***

"Honey, it's fine. We're taking the box with us, that way they won't be bored. We don't mind, really," my grandmother says as they pack their things in the car.

"It's not a box grandma, it's an x-box," Caulder says. He and Kel climb into the backseat.

"Now you go get some rest. You've had enough stress for one night," she says. She leans in and kisses me on the cheek. "You can pick them up on Monday."

My grandfather hugs me before he gets in the car. "If you need to talk, you can tweet me," he says.

I watch as they drive away. Rather than go inside and get some rest, I walk back to Lake's and knock on the door, hoping she's ready to talk. I knock for five minutes, until I see her bedroom light turn off. I give up for the night and walk back to my house. I leave the front light on and the door unlocked, in case she changes her mind and wants to talk. I also decide to sleep on the couch instead of in my bedroom. If she knocks, I want to be able to hear it. I lay there for about half an hour, cussing myself. I can't believe this is happening right now. This isn't how I'd envisioned falling asleep tonight at all. I blame the damn basagna.

I jerk up when the front door opens and she walks in. She doesn't look at me as she continues across the living room. She stops at the bookshelf and reaches her hand inside the vase and pulls out a star, then turns and walks back to the front door.

"Lake, wait," I plead. She slams the door behind her. I get off the couch and run outside after her. "Please, just let me come over. Let me explain everything." We make our way across the street again. She keeps walking until she gets to her front door, then turns to face me.

"How are you going to explain it?" she says. Her cheeks are streaked with mascara. She's heartbroken, and it's all my fault. "The one girl you've had sex with has been sitting in class with you every day for over two weeks! Why haven't you explained that? And the very night I'm about to leave with you...to make love to you... I find you in your bedroom with her? And you're kissing her on the freaking forehead!"

She starts crying again so I hug her. I have to; I can't watch her cry and not hug her. She doesn't hug me back, though. She pulls away from me and looks up at me with pain in her eyes.

"That's the one kiss of yours that I love the most, and you gave it to her," she says quietly. "You took that from me, and you gave it to her!" she yells. "Thank you for allowing me to see the real you before making the biggest mistake of my life!"

She slams the door in my face, then opens it again.

"And where the hell is my brother!?"

"In Detroit," I whisper. "He'll be back Monday."

She slams the door in my face again.

I turn around to head back to my house when Sherry appears out of nowhere. "Is everything okay? I heard Layken yelling."

I walk past her without responding. When I get to my house, I slam my own door. I don't slam it hard enough, so I open it and slam it again. I do this two or three more times until I realize I'll just have to pay for it when it breaks. Instead, I shut the door and punch it. I am an a**hole. I'm an a**hole, a jerk, a bastard, a dickhead...I give up and throw myself on the couch.

When she cries, it breaks my heart. I hate seeing her sad. But the fact that her tears are because of me now? That my own actions are responsible for her heart breaking? That's a whole new emotion I've never experienced before. One I don't know how to deal with. I don't know what to do. I don't know what I can say to her. If she would just let me explain. But that wouldn't even help at this point. She's right. She didn't accuse me of anything I didn't actually do. God, I need my dad right now. I need his advice so bad.

Advice! I go to the vase and pull out one of the stars. I sit down on the couch and unfold it and read the words hand written across it.

"Sometimes two people have to fall apart, to realize how much they need to fall back together."

~Author Unknown

I fold the star back up and place it back inside the vase on the very top. I'm hoping Lake picks this one next.

Saturday, January 21st, 2012

FML.

Chapter Seven

I didn't get any sleep at all last night. Every single noise I heard would bolt me right off the couch in hopes that it was Lake. It never was.

I put on a pot of coffee and walk to the window. Her house is quiet-the shades are all drawn. Her car is still in the driveway, so I know she's home. I'm so used to seeing the gnomes line the driveway next to her car. They aren't there anymore, though. After her mother died, Lake gathered all the gnomes and threw them in the trash. She doesn't know it, but I dug one out and kept it. The one with the broken red hat.

I remember walking out of my house the morning after they moved here and seeing her dart out the front door with no jacket...in house shoes. I knew as soon as those shoes hit the pavement, she was going to bust her butt. Sure enough, she did. I couldn't help but laugh. Southerners seem to underestimate the power of cold weather.

I hated that she had cut herself when she landed on the gnome, but was so happy I had the excuse to spend those few minutes with her that morning. After I put the bandage on her and she left, I spent the entire day at work in a daze. I couldn't stop thinking about her. I was so nervous my life and the responsibilities I had would scare her off before I got the chance to know her. I didn't want to tell her about it right away, but the night of our first date I knew I had to tell her. There was something about her that was so much more than all the other girls I've known. She had this resiliency and confidence about her.

I wanted to be sure that Lake knew what my life was about that night. I wanted her to know about my parents, about Caulder, about my passion. I needed her to know the real me, and understand who I was before we took it any further. When she watched her first performance that night, I couldn't take my eyes off of her. I saw the passion and depth in her eyes as she watched the stage, and I fell in love with her. I've loved her every second since.

Which is why I refuse to let her give up.

***

I'm on my fourth cup of coffee when Kiersten walks in. She doesn't check to see if Caulder's here, she just walks straight to the couch and plops down beside me.

"Hey," she says flatly.

"Hey."

"What's going on with you and Layken?" she asks. She looks at me like she deserves an answer.

"Kiersten? Hasn't your mother ever told you it's rude to be nosey?"

She shakes her head. "No, she says the only way to get the facts is to ask the questions."

"Well, you can ask as many questions as you want. That doesn't mean I have to answer them."

"Fine," she says, standing up. "I'll go ask Layken."

"Good luck getting her to open the door."

Kiersten leaves and I jump up and go to the window. She gets halfway down my driveway and turns around and heads back to my front door. When she passes my window, she looks at me with pity and slowly shakes her head. She opens the front door and comes back inside. "Is there anything in particular you want me to ask her? I can report back to you."

I love this kid. "Yeah, good idea Kiersten." I think for a second. "I don't know, just gauge her mood. Is she crying? Is she mad? Act like you don't know we're fighting and ask her about me...see what she says."

Kiersten nods and starts to shut the front door.

"Wait, one more thing. I want to know what she's wearing, too."

Kiersten eyes me curiously.

"Just her shirt. I want to know what shirt she has on."

I wait by the window and watch as Kiersten walks across the street and knocks on her door. Why does she knock on Lake's door and not mine? The door opens almost immediately. Kiersten walks inside and the door shuts behind her.

I pace the living room and drink another cup of coffee, watching out the window, waiting for Kiersten to emerge from Lake's house. A half hour goes by and the front door finally opens. Kiersten walks outside and turns left and heads to her house rather than walking back across the street.

I give her a while. Maybe she had to go home to eat lunch or something. After an hour passes, I can't wait any longer. I make a beeline to Kiersten's house and knock on the door.

"Hey Will, come on in," Sherry says. She steps aside and I make my way into the living room. Kiersten's watching T.V. Before I bombard Kiersten, I turn to Sherry.

"Last night...I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to be rude."

"Oh, stop it. I was just being nosey," she says. "You want something to drink?"

"No, I'm good. I just need to talk to Kiersten."

Kiersten looks over at me from the couch and gives me a dirty look. "You're a jerk, Will." she says.

I guess Lake's not over it. I sit down beside her on the couch and put my hands between my knees. "Will you at least tell me what she said?" This is so pathetic. I'm entrusting my relationship to an eleven-year-old.

"Are you sure you want to know? I should probably warn you, I have an excellent memory. Mom says I've been able to quote entire conversations verbatim since I was three years old."

"Positive. I want to know everything she said."

Kiersten sighs and pulls her legs up on the couch and turns toward me. "She thinks you're a jerk. She said you were an a**hole, a dickhead, a bas-"

"A bastard. I know, I get it. What else did she say?"

"She didn't tell me why she was mad at you...but she's really mad at you. I don't know what you did, but she's at her house right now cleaning like a psycho! When she opened the door, she had hundreds of index cards all over the living room floor. It looked like recipes or something."

"Oh god, she's alphabetizing," I say. This is worse than I thought. "Kiersten, she won't answer the door if I go over there. Will you knock so she'll open the door? I really need to talk to her."

Kiersten presses her lips together as she thinks about my question. "You're asking me to trick her? To basically lie to her?"

I shrug my shoulders and nod.

"Let me get my coat."

I stand up and Sherry comes from the kitchen and holds out her hand. I hold open my palm and she puts something in it and folds my fingers over it. "If it doesn't go the way you're hoping, take these with some water. You look like shit."

She can see the hesitation in my face and she smiles. "Don't worry, I made them. They're completely legal."

***

I don't really have a plan of attack. I'm hiding against the wall in front of Lake's house when Kiersten knocks. My heart is beating so fast, I feel like I'm about to commit a robbery or something. I take a deep breath when I hear the door open. Kiersten steps aside and I brush past her and slip inside Lake's house faster than she can realize what happened.

"Get out, Will," she says as she holds the door open and points outside.

"I'm not leaving until you talk to me," I say. I back further into the living room.

"Get out! Get out, get out, get out!"

I do what any sane male would do in this situation; I run down the hallway and lock myself in her bedroom. I realize I still don't have a plan. I don't know how I can talk to her if I'm locked up in her bedroom. But at least she can't kick me out of her house now. I'll stay here all day if I have to.

I hear the front door slam and within seconds she's standing outside the bedroom door. I wait for her to say something or to yell at me, but she doesn't. I watch the shadow of her feet disappear as she walks away.

What now? If I open the door, she'll just try to kick me out again. Why didn't I formulate a better plan? I'm an idiot. I'm a freaking idiot! Think, Will. Think.

I see the shadow of her feet reappear and she pauses in front of her bedroom door again.

"Will? Open the door. I'll talk to you."

She doesn't sound angry. My idiotic plan actually worked? I unlock the door to her bedroom and as soon as I open it all the way, I'm completely drenched in water. She just threw water on me! She threw an entire pitcher of water in my face!

"Oh," she says. "You look a little wet, Will. You better go home and change before you get sick." She calmly turns and walks away.

I'm an idiot, and she's not ready to give in. I make the walk of shame down her hallway, out the front door and across the street to my house. It's freezing. She didn't even bother warming the water before she threw it at me. I take off my clothes and get in the shower. A hot shower this time.

***

The shower didn't help at all. I feel like complete crap. Five cups of coffee and no sleep on an empty stomach doesn't make for a great start to the day. It's almost two o'clock in the afternoon. If I wasn't such an idiot, I wonder what Lake and I would be doing right now? Who am I kidding? I know what we'd be doing right now. My reflection on our turn of events over the past twenty-four hours causes my head to hurt. I pick my pants up off the bedroom floor and reach inside the pocket, pulling out whatever it is that Sherry gave me. I walk to the kitchen and down the medicine with an entire glass of water before going to the couch.

***

It's dark when I wake up. I don't even remember lying down. I sit up on the couch and spot a note on the coffee table. I reach over and snatch it up and begin to read it. My heart sinks when I realize it's not from Lake.

Will,

I was going to warn you not to drive after you take the medicine...but I see you already took it. So, never mind.

~Sherry

P.S. I had a talk with Layken today. You really should apologize, you know. That was kind of a dick move on your part. If you need any more medicine, you know where I live. 

I toss the letter back onto the table. Was the smiley face really necessary? I wince as the cramps in my stomach intensify. When was the last time I ate something? I honestly can't remember. I open the refrigerator and see the basagna from the night before. Unfortunately, it's now the perfect night for basagna. I cut a section out and throw it on a plate and toss it in the microwave. As I'm filling a glass with soda, the front door swings open.

She's walking across the room, heading for the bookshelf. I dart into the living room just when she reaches it. She's still ignoring me. Rather than reaching in for a single star this time, she grabs the entire vase off the bookshelf.

She is not taking this vase with her. If she takes the vase with her, she won't have a reason to come back. I grab the vase out of her hands, but she won't let go. We tug back and forth, but I'm not letting go. I'm not letting her take it. She finally releases her grasp and crosses her arms across her chest as she glares at me.

"Give it to me, Will. My mother made it and I want to take it home with me."

I walk back to the kitchen with the vase...she follows me. I set it in the corner of the countertop against the wall and I turn around and place my arms on either side of it so she can't reach it.

"Your mother made it for both of us. I know you, Lake. If you take this home you'll open every single one of them tonight. You'll be opening stars all night just like you carve pumpkins."

She throws her hands up in the air and groans. "Stop saying that! Please! I don't carve pumpkins anymore!"

I can't believe she thinks she doesn't carve pumpkins anymore. "You don't? Really? You're carving them right now, Lake. It's been twenty-four hours and you still won't let me talk to you about it."

She wads her hands into fists and stomps her feet in frustration. "Ugh!" she yells. She looks like she wants to hit something. Or someone. God, she's so beautiful.

"Stop looking at me like that!" she snaps.

"Like what?"

"You've got that look in your eyes again. Just stop!"

I have absolutely no idea what look she's talking about, but I divert my attention away from her. I don't want to do anything to piss her off even more.

"Have you eaten anything today?" I ask. I take my plate out of the microwave but she doesn't answer me. She just stands in the kitchen with her arms folded across her chest. I pull the pan of basagna out of the refrigerator and fold back the tinfoil.

"You're eating basagna? How appropriate," she says.

It's not the conversation I was hoping we would have, but it's conversation nonetheless. I cut another square of basagna and put it in the microwave. Neither of us says anything while it cooks. She just stands there, staring at the floor. I just stand here, staring at the microwave. When it's finished cooking, I put our plates on the bar and make another drink. We both sit down and eat in silence. Very uncomfortable silence.

When we're finished, I clear off the bar and sit across from her so I can see her better. I wait for her to speak first. She has her elbows resting on the bar while she stares down at her nails, picking at them, attempting to look uninterested.

"So, talk," she says evenly, without looking up at me.

I reach my hands across the bar to touch hers, but she pulls them away and leans back in her chair. I don't like the barrier of the bar between us so I get up and walk to the living room.

"Come sit," I say to her. She walks to the living room and sits on the same couch as me, but at the opposite end. I rub my face with my hands, trying to sort out just how I'm going to make her forgive me. I pull my leg up on the couch and turn to face her.

"Lake, I love you. The last thing in the world I want to do is hurt you. You know that."

"Well, congratulations," she says. "You just succeeded with accomplishing the last thing in the world you wanted to do."

I lean my head back into the couch. This is going to be harder than I thought. She's tough to crack.

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you she was in my class. I didn't want you to worry."

"Worry about what, Will? Is her being in class with you something I should worry about? Because if it's nothing like you say it is, why would I need to worry?"

Jesus! Am I picking the worst ways in the world to apologize or is she just that good? If she ever stops being mad at me, I'll tell her I think she's finally figured out her major; pre-law.

"Lake, I don't feel that way about Vaughn anymore. I was planning to tell you about her being in my class next week...I just didn't want to bring it up before our getaway."

"Oh. So you wanted to make sure you got laid before you pissed me off. Good plan," she says sarcastically.

I slap my forehead with my hand and close my eyes. There isn't a fight this girl couldn't win.

"Think about it, Will. Put yourself in my shoes. Let's say I had sex with a guy before I met you. Then right when you and I were about to have sex, you walk into my bedroom and I'm hugging this guy. Then you see me kiss him...on the neck; your favorite place to be kissed by me. Then you find out I've been seeing this guy every other day for weeks and I've kept it a secret. What would you do? Huh?"

She's not picking at her nails anymore. She's glaring right at me, waiting on my response.

"Well," I say. "I would allow you the chance to explain without interrupting you every five seconds."

She flips me off and jerks herself off the couch and starts toward the front door. I grab her arm when she passes me and I pull her back down onto the couch. When she falls into the spot next to me, I wrap my arms around her and press her head into my chest. I try not to let her go. I don't want her to go. "Lake, please. Just give me a chance, I'll tell you everything. Don't leave again."

She doesn't struggle to pull away. She doesn't fight me, either. She relaxes into my chest and lets me hold her while I talk.

"I didn't know if you even knew about Vaughn. I know how much you hate talking about past relationships, so I thought it would be worse if I brought it up than if I didn't. That's why I didn't bring it up. Seeing her again meant nothing to me. I didn't want it to mean anything to you, either."

I run my fingers through her hair and she sighs, then starts crying into my shirt.

"I want to believe you, Will. I want to believe you so bad. But why was she here last night? If she doesn't still mean something to you, why were you holding her?"

I kiss her on top of the head. "Lake, I was asking her to leave. She was crying so I hugged her."

She pulls her face away from my chest and looks up at me, frightened. "She was crying? Why was she crying? Will, does she still love you?"

I sigh. How do I answer that without coming off like a jerk again? Nothing I'm saying right now is helping my cause. Nothing at all.

She sits up and scoots away from me so she can turn towards me as she speaks. "Will, you're the one that wanted to talk. I want you to tell me everything. I want to know why she was here, what you were doing in your bedroom with her, why you were hugging her, why she was crying...everything."

I reach over and take her hand but she pulls it back again. "Tell me," she says.

I try to think of where to begin. I inhale a deep breath and exhale slowly, preparing to be interrupted a million more times.

"She wrote me a note in class the other day and asked if we could talk. I told her no, that there was nothing to say. She just showed up last night out of the blue. I didn't let her in, Lake. I was in my bedroom when she got here. I would have never let her in." I look her in the eyes when I say that, because it's the truth.

"My grandmother wanted her to eat with us and I told her no and said I needed to talk to her. I just wanted her to leave. She started crying and told me she hated how she ended things with me. She said she knew about you and our whole situation with our parents and us raising our brothers. She said I 'owed it to you' to find out where my heart really lies, and that maybe I was with you because I felt sorry for you, since I've been in your shoes before. She wanted me to give her another chance, to see if I was with you for the right reasons. I told her no. I told her I loved you, Lake. I asked her to leave and she started crying again so I hugged her. I felt like I was being a jerk, that's the only reason why I hugged her."

I watch for some sort of reaction to my confession, but she just looks down at her lap so that I'm unable to see her face. "Why did you kiss her on the forehead?" she asks softly.

I sigh and stroke her cheek with the back of my hand, pulling her focus back in my direction. "Lake, I don't know. You've got to understand that I dated her for over two years. There are some things that, no matter how long it's been, it's just habit. It didn't mean anything, it was just habit. I was just consoling her."

Lake lies back onto the arm of the couch and stares up at the ceiling while she thinks. All I can do is just let her think. I've told her everything. I watch her as she lies there, not saying a word. I want so bad to lie down beside her and hold her. It's killing me that I can't.

"Do you think there's a chance that she's right?" she asks, still staring at the ceiling.

"Right about what? That she loves me? Maybe, I don't know. I don't care. It doesn't change anything."

"I don't mean about that. It's obvious she still wants to be with you, she said it herself. I mean do you think there's a chance she could be right about the other thing? About the possibility of you being with me because of our situation? Because you feel sorry for me."

I spring forward on the couch and climb on top of her and grasp her jaw, pulling her face to mine. "Don't, Lake. Don't you dare think that for a second!"

She squeezes her eyes shut and tears slide down over her temples, into her hair. I kiss them. I kiss her face and her tears and her eyes and her cheeks and her lips. I need her to know that it's not true. I need her to know how much I love her.

"Will, stop," she says weakly. I can hear her cry being suppressed in her throat; I can see it in her face. She doubts me.

"Baby, no. Don't believe that. Please don't believe that." I press my head into the crevice between her shoulder and her neck. "I love you because of you."

I've never needed anyone to believe anything more in my entire life. I need her to believe me. When she starts to resist and push against me, I slip my arm underneath her neck and pull her closer. "Lake, stop this. Please don't go," I beg. I realize as I'm speaking that my voice is shaking. I've never been so scared I was about to lose something in my entire life, that I completely lose control. I start to cry.

"Will, don't you see it?" she says. "How do you know? How do you really know? You couldn't leave me now if you wanted to. Your heart is too good for that, you would never do that to me. So how do I know if you would really be here if our circumstances were different? If our parents were alive and we didn't have Kel and Caulder, how do you know you would even love me?"

I clasp my hand over her mouth. "No! Stop saying that, Lake. Please." She closes her eyes and her tears start flowing even faster. I kiss them again. I kiss her cheek and I kiss her forehead and I kiss her lips. I grasp the back of her head and I kiss her with more desperation than I've ever kissed her before. She puts her hands on my neck and kisses me back.

She's kissing me back.

We're both still crying, frantically trying to hold on to the last bit of sanity between us. She pushes against me. She's still kissing me, but she wants me to sit up, so I do. I lean back into the couch and she slides onto my lap and strokes my face with her hands. We stop kissing for a brief moment and look at each other. I wipe tears away from her face and she does the same for me. I can still see the heartache in her eyes but she squeezes them shut and brings her lips back to mine. I pull her into me so close that it makes it hard to breathe. We're both gasping for air as we try to find a constant rhythm amidst our frantic struggle. I have never needed her with more intensity than I need her right now. She pulls at my shirt so I lean forward, allowing her to slip it off over my head. When her lips separate from mine, she crosses her arms and grasps the hem of her shirt and pulls it over her head. I help her. When her shirt is on top of mine in the floor, I wrap my arms around her, placing my hands on the bare skin of her back, and I pull her into me.

"I love you, Lake. I'm so sorry. I'm so, so sorry. I love you so much."

She pulls back and looks me in the eyes. "I want you to make love to me, Will."

I wrap my arms tightly around her back and stand up as she clings to my neck. She wraps her legs around my waist and I carry her to my bedroom and we collapse onto the bed. Her hands find the button of my jeans and she unbuttons them as my mouth slowly moves from her lips to her chin and down her neck. I can't believe this is actually happening. I don't allow myself time to second guess my own actions. I slide my fingers under the straps of her bra and pull them down off of her shoulders. She slides her arms out of the straps and I move my lips along the edge of her bra when she begins to struggle with the button on her own jeans. I lift up to assist her, then I guide her hands as we slide them off and toss them behind me onto the floor. She scoots further up onto the bed until her head meets the pillows. I pull the covers out from beneath her and slide on top of her, then pull the covers back on top of us. When our eyes meet, I see the heartache behind her expression and the tears still streaming down her face. She grasps at the waist of my jeans and begins to slide them down when I pull her hands away. She's hurting so much. She's still heartbroken. I can't let her do this. She still doesn't trust me.

"Lake, I can't." I roll off of her and try to catch my breath. "Not like this. You're upset. It shouldn't be like this."

She doesn't say anything...she just continues to cry. We both lie next to one another for several minutes without saying a single word. I reach over to put my hand on top of hers but she pulls it away and slides off the bed. She picks her jeans up off the floor and walks back into the living room. I follow her and watch while she puts her shirt and pants back on. She sucks in a couple of breaths in an attempt to hold back her tears.

"Are you leaving?" I ask hesitantly. "I don't want you to go. Stay with me."

She doesn't respond. She goes to the door and slips her shoes on, then her jacket. I walk over to her and wrap my arms around her. "You can't be mad at me for this. You aren't thinking clearly, Lake. If we do this while you're angry, you'll regret it tomorrow. Then you'll be mad at yourself, too. You understand that, don't you?"

She wipes tears from her eyes and steps away from me. "You've had sex with her, Will. How do I get past that? How do I get past the fact that you've made love to Vaughn, but you won't make love to me? You don't know how it feels to be rejected. It feels like shit. You just made me feel like shit."

"Lake, that's absurd! I'm not rejecting you. I love you too much for it not to be perfect for you. I'm not about to have sex with you for the first time while you're crying. If we do this now, we'll both feel like shit."

She rubs her hands across her eyes again and looks down at the floor, attempting not to cry. We stand quietly in the living room, neither of us sure what happens next. I've said all I can say. I just need her to believe me, so I give her time to think.

"Will?" She slowly brings her eyes back up to meet mine. It looks almost like it hurts her to even look at me. "I'm not sure I can do this," she says.

The look in her eyes makes my heart feel like it's come to a literal stop. I've seen this look in a girl before. She's about to break up with me.

"I mean...I'm not sure I can do us," she says. "I'm trying so hard, but I don't know how to get past this. How do I know this life is what you want? How do you know this is what you want? You need time, Will. We need time to think about it. We have to question everything."

I don't respond. I can't. Everything I say comes out wrong.

She's not crying anymore. "I'm going home now. I need you to let me go. Just let me go, okay?"

It's the clear headedness behind her voice and the calm, reasonable expression in her eyes that rips the heart right out of my chest. She turns to leave, and all I can do is let her go. I just let her go.

***

After an hour of punching everything I can find to punch, cleaning everything I can find to clean and screaming every cussword I can think to scream, I knock on Sherry's door. When she opens it, she looks at me and doesn't say a word. She turns back inside and comes back a moment later and holds out her fist. I open my palm and she drops the pills in my hand and looks at me with pity. I hate pity.

When I'm back inside my house, I swallow the pills and lay on the couch, wishing it all away.

***

"Will."

I try to open my eyes, to make sense of the voice I'm hearing. I try to move, but my entire body feels like concrete.

"Dude, wake up."

I'm discombobulated. I sit up on the couch and rub my eyes, attempting to open them...scared of the sunlight. When I finally do open them, it's not bright at all, it's still dark. I look around the room and see Gavin sitting on the couch across from me.

"What time is it? What day is it?" I ask him.

"It's still today. Saturday. It's after ten I think. How long have you been out?"

I think about that question. It was after seven when Lake and I had basagna. After eight when I let her go. When I just let her go. I lie back on the couch and don't answer Gavin as the scene from just two hours ago replays in my head.

"You want to talk about it?" Gavin asks.

I shake my head again. I really don't want to talk about it.

"Eddie's over at Layken's house. She seemed pretty upset. It was a little awkward so I thought I'd come hide out here. You want me to leave?"

I shake my head again. "There's basagna in the fridge if you're hungry."

"I am, actually," he says. He gets off the couch and walks to the kitchen. "You need something to drink?"

I do. I do need a drink. I walk to the kitchen and press my hand against my forehead. My head is pounding. I reach above the refrigerator and move the boxes of cereal out of the way to get to the cabinet behind it. I pull out the bottle of tequila and grab a shot glass and pour myself a drink.

"I was thinking more along the lines of a soda," Gavin says as he sits down at the bar and watches me down a shot.

"Good idea." I open the refrigerator and pull out a soda. I grab an even bigger glass and mix the soda with the tequila. Not the best mix, but it helps it go down smoother.

"Will? I've never seen you like this. You sure you're okay?"

I tilt my head back and finish the entire drink, then put the glass in the sink. I choose not to answer him. If I say yes, he'll know I'm lying. If I say no, he'll ask me why. So I just sit down next to him while he eats, and I don't say a thing.

"Eddie and I wanted to talk to you and Layken together. I guess right now that's not going to happen, so..." Gavin's voice trails off and he takes another bite of basagna.

"Talk to us about what?"

He wipes his mouth with a napkin and sighs. He brings his right arm down to the table, gripping his fork with his hand so tight that his knuckles turn white. "Eddie's pregnant."

I don't trust my own ears at this point. My head is still pounding and the alcohol mixed with the homemade concoction Sherry gave me is causing me to see two of Gavin.

"Pregnant? How pregnant?" I ask.

"Pretty damn pregnant," he says.

"Shit." I stand up and grab the tequila off the counter and re-fill the shot glass. I normally don't promote underage drinking, but there are occasionally times when even I push my boundaries. I place the shot in front of him and he downs it.

"What's the plan?" I ask.

He walks to the living room and sits back down on the third couch. When did I get a third couch? I swipe the bottle of tequila off the counter and rub my eyes as I make my way into the living room. When I open them, there are only two couches again. I hurry up and sit down before I fall.

"We don't have a plan. The same plan, anyway. Eddie wants to keep it. It scares the shit out of me, Will. We're only nineteen. We're not prepared for this at all. "

Unfortunately, I know exactly how he feels.

"Do you want to keep it?" I ask.

Sunday, January 21st...I think. It might still be Saturday night. Whatever. WTF ever.

Lake...Lake, Lake, Lake, Lake. I'd take a mountain and then I need another drink. But I love you so much. Yeah I think I need more tequila...and more cowbell. I love you I'm so sorry. I'm not thirsty. But I'm not hungry, just thirsty. But I'm never drinking another cheeseburger again I love you so much.

Chapter Eight

Eddie's pregnant. Gavin's scared. I let Lake go. That's all I remember about last night.

The sun is brighter than it's ever been. I throw the covers off and head to the bathroom. When I make it across the hall, I try to open the door but it's locked. Why the hell is my bathroom door locked? I knock, which feels extremely odd-knocking on my own bathroom door when I should be the only person in my house.

"Just a sec!" I hear someone yell. It's a guy. It's not Gavin. What the hell is going on? I walk to the living room and see a blanket and pillow on the couch. There are shoes by the front door, next to a suitcase. I'm scratching my head when the bathroom door opens, so I turn around.

"Reece?"

"Mornin'," he says.

"What are you doing here?" I ask him.

He shoots me a confused look as he walks to the couch and sits down. "Are you kidding?" he asks.

Why would I be kidding? What would I be kidding about? I haven't seen him in over a year.

"No. What are you doing here? When did you get here?"

He shakes his head with the same bewildered expression across his face. "Will, do you not remember anything from last night?"

I sit down and try to remember. Eddie's pregnant. Gavin's scared. I let Lake go. That's all I remember. He can see from the struggle in my face that I need a refresher.

"I got back last Friday. My mom kicked me out? I needed a place to stay last night and you told me I could stay here. You really don't remember?"

I shake my head. "I'm sorry, Reece. I don't."

He laughs. "Dude, how much did you have to drink last night?"

I think back on the tequila, then remember the medicine Sherry gave me. "I don't think it was just the alcohol."

He stands up and looks awkwardly around the room. "Well, if you want me to leave..."

"No. No, I don't mind you staying here, you know that. I just don't remember. I've never blacked out before."

"You weren't making much sense when I got here, that's for sure. You kept saying something about a star...and a lake. I thought you were cracked out. You're not cracked out...are you?"

I laugh. "No, I'm not cracked out. I'm just having a really shitty weekend. The worst. And no, I don't feel like talking about it."

"Well, since you don't remember anything about last night...you kind of told me I could live here? For a month or two? Does that ring a bell?" Reece raises his eyebrows and waits for my reaction.

Now I know why I never drink. I always end up agreeing to things that I normally wouldn't agree to when I'm sober. I can't really think of a reason not to let him stay here. We do have an extra bedroom. He practically lived here when we were growing up. Although I haven't seen him since his last break from deployment, I still consider him my best friend.

"Stay as long as you need to," I say. "Just don't expect me to be much fun. I'm not having a very good week."

"Obviously." He grabs his bags and shoes and takes them down the hallway to the spare bedroom. I walk to the window and look across the street at Lake's house. Her car is gone. Where would she be? She doesn't really go anywhere on Sunday's. They're her movies and junk food days. I'm still watching out the window when Reece walks back into the living room.

"You don't have shit to eat," he says. "I'm hungry. You want me to grab you anything at the store?"

I shake my head. "I don't feel like eating," I say. "Just get whatever. I'll probably go later this afternoon, anyway. I need a few things before Caulder gets back tomorrow."

"Oh yeah, where is that little twerp?"

"Detroit."

Reece slips his shoes and his jacket on and slips out the front door. I walk to the kitchen to make coffee, but there's already a full pot. Nice.

***

As soon as I step out of the shower, I hear the front door open. I don't know if it's Reece or Lake, so I rush to pull my pants on to see if it's Lake. When I emerge from the hallway, she's holding the vase in her hands, making her way to the front door. When she sees me, she speeds up.

"Dammit, Lake!" I cut her off in the living room and don't let her by. "You aren't taking it. Don't make me hide it from you."

She tries to shove her way past me but I block her again. "You have no right to keep them at your house, Will! It's just your excuse to make me keep coming over here!"

She's right. She's absolutely right...but I don't care. "No, I want them over here because I don't trust that you won't open them all."

She shoots me a dirty look. "While we're on the subject of trust, are you sabotaging these? Are you putting fake ones in here, trying to get me to forgive you?"

I laugh. She must be getting some great advice from her mom if she thinks I'm sabotaging the stars. "Maybe you should listen to your mother's advice, Lake."

She tries to brush past me again so I grab the vase from her hands. She jerks it away harder than I expect and the vase slips and lands on the floor, spilling out dozens of tiny stars onto the carpet. She bends down and starts scooping them up. Her hands are full and I can see on her face that she doesn't know where to put them since her pants don't have pockets. She pulls the collar of her shirt out and starts shoving them inside by the handful. She's determined.

I grab her hands and pull them away from her shirt. "Lake, stop it! You're acting like a ten year old!" I set the vase upright and start throwing the rest of them inside as fast as she's grabbing them, stuffing them inside her shirt. I do the only thing I can...I reach my hand down her shirt and start grabbing them back. She slaps at my hands and tries to crawl backwards but I grab the back of her shirt to stop her. She continues to back away as I continue holding onto her shirt until it slips over her head and it's resting in my hands. She gathers more stars and stands and heads toward the front door with her hands clasped to her bra, still trying to hold on to them.

"Lake, you aren't going outside without a shirt on," I say. She's relentless.

"Watch me!" she says. I jump up and wrap my arms around her waist and pick her up. Just as I'm about to release her onto the couch, the front door swings open. I look over my shoulder and Reece walks in with a handful of groceries. He pauses and stares at us wide-eyed.

Lake is still trying to struggle to free herself from my grasp, ignoring the fact that someone she doesn't even know has a front row seat to her tantrum. The only thing I can think of is the fact that she's in her bra in front of another guy. I pick her up higher and toss her over the back of the couch. Just as fast as she's on the couch, she's back up again, trying to make her way past me. She finally notices Reece standing in the doorway.

"Who the hell are you?" she yells as she slaps at my arm that's holding her back.

He responds cautiously. "Reece? I live here?" he says.

Lake stops struggling and folds her arms across her chest with an embarrassed look on her face. I take the opportunity to grab most of the stars out of her hands and I toss them back toward the vase. I reach down and pick her shirt up and shove it into her chest. "Put your shirt on!" I snap.

"Ugh!" She throws the rest of the stars on the floor and turns her shirt right side out. "You're such a jerk, Will! You have no right to keep these here!" She pulls her shirt over her head and turns to Reece. "And when the hell did you get a roommate?"

Reece just stares at her, still wide-eyed. He has no idea what to make of the scene going down before him. Lake walks back to the center of the room and grabs a small handful of stars, then turns and rushes toward the front door. Reece steps aside as she moves passed him and goes outside. We both watch as she crosses the street, stopping twice to pick up stars she drops in the snow. When she shuts her door behind her, Reece turns to me.

"Man, she's feisty. And cute," he says.

"And mine," I reply.

***

While Reece is cooking us lunch, I crawl around the living room and pick up all the stars that scattered. After I think I have them all, I take the vase to the kitchen to hide it in the cabinet. If she can't find it, she'll have to speak to me to ask me where it is.

"What are those, anyway?" Reece asks.

"They're from her mother," I say. "Long story."

She might find them too easily if I hide them in such an obvious spot. I move the cereal again and place the vase right behind the tequila.

"So is this chick your girlfriend?" Reece says.

I'm not sure how to answer his question. I don't know how to put a label on what's going on between us. "Yep," I say.

He cocks his head at me. "Doesn't seem like she likes you very much."

"She loves me. She just doesn't like me right now."

He laughs. "What's her name?"

"Layken. I call her Lake," I say as I pour myself a drink. A non-alcoholic drink this time.

He laughs. "That explains your incoherent rambling last night." He spoons some pasta into our bowls and we sit at the table to eat.

"So, what'd you do to piss her off so bad?"

I rest my elbows on the table and drop my fork into my bowl. I guess now is as good a time as any to fill him in on the last year of my life. He's been my best friend since we were ten, minus the last couple of years or so. We kind of grew apart after he left for the army. I still trust him, though. So I tell him everything. The entire story. From the day we met, to her first day at school, to our fight about Vaughn, all the way up to last night. When I finish, he's on his second bowl of pasta and I haven't even touched mine.

"So," he says, stirring his pasta around in his bowl. "You think you're really over Vaughn?"

Out of all the things I just told him, that's what he focuses on? I laugh. "I'm absolutely over Vaughn."

He shifts in his chair and looks at me. "Just tell me if this isn't cool with you, but...would you care if I asked her out? If you say no, I won't man. I swear."

He hasn't changed a bit. Of course this is the one thing he would pick up on out of my entire confession. The single girl.

"Reece? I could honestly care less what you do with Vaughn. Honestly. Just don't bring her here. That's one rule you can't break. She's not allowed in this house."

He smiles. "I can live with that."

***

The next few hours are spent finishing homework and studying the notes Vaughn left for me. The first thing I do is re-write them and throw her original notes away. I hate looking at her handwriting.

I've cut my spying down to about once an hour now. I don't want Reece to think I'm crazy, so I only look out the window when he leaves the room. I'm at the table studying and he's watching TV when Kiersten walks in; without knocking, of course.

"Who the hell are you?" she says to Reece as she walks across the living room.

"Are you even old enough to talk like that?" he asks.

She rolls her eyes and walks to the kitchen and takes a seat across from me. She puts her elbows on the table and rests her chin in her hands, watching me study.

"You see Lake today?" I ask without looking up from my notes.

"Yep."

"And?"

"Watching movies. And eating a lot of junk food."

Of course she is. It's Sunday. "Did she say anything about me?"

Kiersten folds her arms across the table and leans in closer.

"You know, Will. If I'm going to be working for you, I think it's a good time to negotiate fair compensation."

I lay my notes down on the table and look at her. "Are you agreeing to help me?"

"Are you agreeing to pay me?"

"I think we could work out a deal," I say. "Not with currency, of course. But maybe I could help you build your portfolio."

She leans back in her seat and eyes me curiously. "Keep talking."

"I've got a lot of performance experience, you know. I could give you some of my poetry...help you prepare for a slam."

I can see her thoughts churning behind her expression. "Take me to the slam. Every Thursday for at least a month. There's a talent show coming up at the school in a few weeks that I want to enter, so I need all the exposure I can get."

"An entire month? No way. This reconciliation between Lake and I better happen before four weeks! I can't go through this for a whole month."

"You really are an idiot, aren't you?" She stands up and pushes her chair in. "Without my help, you'll be lucky if she forgives you this year."

She turns to walk away.

"Fine! I'll do it. I'll take you," I say.

She turns around and smiles at me. "Good choice," she says. "Now...is there anything you want me to plant in her head while I go to work?"

I stew on this for a moment. What's the best way to win Lake back? What in the world can I possibly say to get her to see how much I really love her? What could I have Kiersten do? I jump up when it hits me. "Yes! Kiersten, you need to ask her to take you to the slams. Tell her I refused to take you, and that I said I'm never going back. Beg her to take you if you have to. If there's one way I can get her to believe me, it's while I'm on that stage."

She gives me an evil grin. "Devious... I love it!" Kiersten walks out and goes to work.

"Who is she?" Reece says.

"She is my new best friend."

***

Other than the fight we had over the stars today, I've given Lake all the alone time I can possibly give her. Kiersten reported back to me and said Lake agreed to take her Thursday, after an intense bout of begging on Kiersten's part. I rewarded her with one of my old poems.

It's after ten now. I know I shouldn't, but I can't seem to go to bed without trying to talk to her at least one more time. I can't decide if me leaving her alone or me hounding her is the better choice at this point. I decide it's time for another star. I really hate that we're opening them so fast, but I consider this an emergency.

When I get to the kitchen, I'm shocked to see Lake peering her head in one of the cabinets. She's getting sneakier. When I pass by her, she jumps. I don't say anything as I reach into the cabinet and pull out the vase she's looking for. I set it on the counter and take out one of the stars. She looks at me as though she's waiting on me to yell at her again. I pick the vase up and hold it out to her and she reaches inside and grabs her own star. We both lean against opposite ends of the counter while we open them and read them silently to ourselves.

Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson

And so I do just that...I practice patience. I don't speak as she reads hers. As much as I want to run up to her and kiss her and make it all better, I decide to be patient instead. She scowls as she reads the paper in her hand. She wads it up and throws it on the counter, then walks away. And again, I let her go.

When I know she's gone, I grab her slip of paper off the counter and unfold it.

"So if you could find it in your heart

To give a man a second start

I promise things won't end the same." ~The Avett Brothers

I couldn't have said it better if I would have written it myself. "Thank you, Julia," I whisper.

Monday, January 23rd, 2012

I'm not giving up

You're not giving in

This battle will turn into a war

Before I let it come to an end.

Chapter Nine

I know Lake doesn't like me right now, but she definitely doesn't hate me, either. I can't help but wonder if I should back off and give her the space she's asking for. Part of me wants to respect where she's coming from, but part of me is scared that if I do back off, she may decide she likes the space. I'm terrified of that. So maybe I won't give her space. I wish I knew where to draw the line between desperation and suffocation.

Reece is in the kitchen drinking coffee. I haven't seen a lot of him, but the fact that he always has coffee ready is almost worth having him stay here.

"What are your plans today?" he says when I walk into the kitchen.

"I have to go to Detroit to get the boys at some point. You want to go with me?"

He shakes his head. "Can't. I have plans with...I have plans today." He looks away nervously as he rinses out his coffee cup.

I laugh and take my own cup out of the cabinet. "You don't have to hide it. I already told you I was cool with it."

He places his cup upside down in the strainer and turns to face me. "It's still a little weird, though. I mean, I don't want you to think I was trying to get with her while you two were together. It wasn't like that."

"Stop worrying about it, Reece. Really. Oddly enough, it's not weird for me at all. What is a little weird is just a few days ago she was professing her love for me, but now she's about to spend the day with you. Does that not bother you just a little bit?"

He grins at me as he grabs his wallet and keys off the counter and exits the kitchen. "Believe me, Will. I've got skills. When Vaughn's with me, you'll be the last thing on her mind."

Reece has never been much for modesty. He puts his jacket on and heads toward the front door to leave. As soon as the front door shuts, my phone vibrates. I pull it out of my pocket and smile. It's a text from Lake.

What time will Kel be home today? I have to go pick up a textbook on backorder and I won't be home for a while.

The text seems too impersonal. I read it a few times, trying to gain hints from any hidden meanings in it. Unfortunately, I'm pretty positive her text stated exactly what she intended to say. I text her back, hoping to somehow talk her into going with me to pick the boys up.

Where are you going to pick up textbooks? Detroit?

I'm pretty sure I know which bookstore she's going to in Detroit. I know it's a long shot but I'm hoping I can trap her into riding with me instead of taking her own car. She replies almost immediately.

Yes. What time will Kel be home?

She's so hard to crack. I hate her short responses.

I'm going to Detroit to pick them up later. Why don't you just ride with me? I can take you to get your book.

This could be good. Having the long drive to talk things over might really give me a chance to convince her that things need to go back to the way they were.

I don't think that's a good idea. I'm sorry.

Or not. Why does she have to be so damn difficult? I throw my phone on the couch and don't even bother with texting her back. I walk to the window and pathetically stare at her house again. At first, I thought she would get over this pretty fast, but it's been days. I hate the fact that her need for space is stronger than her need for me. I really need her to go to Detroit with me today.

***

I can't believe I'm doing this. As I'm crossing the street, I double check to make sure she isn't peeking out the window. She'll be so pissed if she catches me doing this. I quickly open her car door and push the lever to pop the hood. I have to work fast. I decide the best way to disable her jeep is to disconnect the battery. It's probably the most obvious, but she would never notice considering her lack of mechanical knowledge. As soon as I succeed with my goal I glance toward her window again, then make a mad dash back home. When I shut the door behind me, I almost regret what I just did. Almost.

***

I wait for her to come out of her house that afternoon before I leave. I watch as she attempts to crank her vehicle, but the car doesn't start. Obviously. She hits the steering wheel out of frustration and swings open her car door. This is my opportunity. I grab my things and head out the front door to my car, pretending not to notice her. When I back up and pull onto the street, she has her hood up. I stop in front of her driveway and roll down my window.

"What's wrong? Car won't start?"

She peers around the front of the hood and shakes her head. I pull my car over and get out to take a look. She steps aside and allows me by without speaking. I fidget with a few wires here and there and pretend to try to crank her car a couple of times. The whole time, she's just silently standing back.

"Looks like your battery is shot," I lie. "If you want, I can pick a new one up for you while I'm in Detroit. Or...you could just ride with me and I'll take you to get your book." I smile at her, hoping she'll cave.

She looks back at her house, then at me. She looks torn. "No, I'll just ask Eddie. I don't think she has plans today."

This isn't what I need her to say. This isn't going how I had planned. Play it cool, Will.

"I'm just offering you a ride. We both need to go to Detroit anyway. It's ridiculous to get Eddie involved just because you don't want to talk to me right now." I use the authoritative tone I've perfected on her. It usually works.

She hesitates.

"Lake, you can carve pumpkins the whole trip. Whatever you need. Just get in the car," I say.

She scowls at me and then turns and grabs her purse out of the jeep. "Fine. But don't think this means anything." She walks down the driveway and toward my car.

I'm glad she's in front of me, because I can't hide my excitement as I punch at the air with my fists. An entire day together is exactly what we need.

***

As soon as we pull away, she turns The Avett Brothers up on the car stereo; her way of letting me know she's carving pumpkins. The first few miles to Detroit are awkward. I keep wanting to bring everything up, but I don't know how. Kel and Caulder will be with us on the way home, so I know if I want to lay it all out there, I have to do it now.

I reach over and turn the volume down. She's got her foot propped up on the dash and she's staring out the window in an attempt to avoid confrontation like she always does. When she notices I've turned down the volume, she glances at me and sees me staring at her, then returns her attention back out the window. "Don't, Will. I told you...we need time. I don't want to talk about it."

She is so damn frustrating. I sigh and shake my head, feeling another round of defeat coming on. "Could you at least give me an estimate of how long you'll be carving pumpkins? It'd be nice to know how long I have to suffer," I say. I don't try and mask my aggravation. This space thing is really starting to annoy me. I can tell by her physical reaction that I said the absolute wrong thing again.

"I knew this was a bad idea," she mumbles.

My hands grip the steering wheel even tighter. You would think after a year I would have found a way to get through to her, or to manipulate her in some way. She's almost impenetrable. I have to remind myself that her indomitable will is one of the reasons I fell in love with her in the first place.

Neither of us says another word during the remainder of the drive. It doesn't help that neither of us turns the radio back up, either. The entire trip is incredibly awkward as I try my best to search for the right thing to say and she tries her best to pretend I don't exist. As soon as we arrive at the bookstore in Detroit and I pull into a parking spot, she swings open the car door and runs inside. I'd like to think she's running from the cold, but I know she's running from me. From confrontation.

While she's inside, I get a text from my grandfather informing me that my grandmother is cooking us dinner. His text ended with the word "roast," preceded by a hashtag.

"Great," I mutter to myself. I know Lake has no intentions of spending the evening with my grandparents. As soon as I text my grandfather letting him know we're almost there, she returns to the car.

"They're cooking dinner for us. We won't stay long," I say.

She sighs. "How convenient. Well, then take me to get a new battery first so we can get it over with."

I don't respond as I pull out of the bookstore and head toward my grandparent's house. She's been to their house a couple of times before, so she knows when we get closer that I have no intentions of stopping at the store.

"You've passed like three stores that sell batteries," she says. "We need to get one now in case it's too late on our way back."

"You don't need a battery. Your battery is fine," I say.

I avoid looking over at her but I can see her watching me, waiting for more explanation.

I don't immediately respond. I flick the blinker on and turn onto my grandparent's street. When I pull into their driveway, I turn the car off and tell her the truth. What harm could it do at this point?

"I unhooked your battery cable before you tried to leave today." I don't wait for her reaction as I get out of the car and slam the door. I'm not sure why I slam the car door. I'm not mad at her, I'm just frustrated. Frustrated that she doubts me after all this time.

"You what!?" she yells. When she gets out of the car, she slams her door intentionally.

I keep walking, shielding the wind and snow with my jacket until I reach the front door. She rushes after me. I almost walk inside without knocking but remember how it feels, so I knock.

"I said I unhooked your battery cable. How else was I going to convince you to ride with me?"

"That's real mature, Will." She huddles closer to the front door, further away from the wind. I hear footsteps nearing the entryway from inside when she turns to face me. She opens her mouth like she's about to say something else, then rolls her eyes and turns away. The front door swings open and my grandmother steps aside to let us in.

"Hi Sara," Lake says with a fake smile as she hugs my grandmother.

My grandmother returns her hug and I walk in behind them.

"You two got here just in time. Kel and Caulder are setting the table," she says. "Will, take both your jackets and go put them in the dryer to get the snow off so they won't be so wet when you leave."

My grandmother walks back toward the kitchen and I remove my jacket and head to the laundry room without offering to take Lake's. I smile when I hear her stomping angrily after me. Being the nice guy has obviously not helped my case at all, so I guess I'll just start being the jerk. I throw my jacket into the dryer and step aside so she can do the same. After she shoves her jacket inside, she slams the dryer door shut and turns it on. She spins around to exit the laundry room but I'm blocking her way. She shoots me a dirty look and tries to ease passed me, but I don't budge. She steps back and folds her arms across her chest and looks away, giving me the silent treatment. She's going to stand here until I move out of her way. I'm going to stand here until she talks to me. I guess we'll be here all night.

She tightens her ponytail and leans against the dryer, crossing her legs at the ankles. I lean against the laundry room door and stand in the same position as I stare her down, waiting for something. I'm not sure what it is I'm trying to get out of her right now; I just want her to talk to me.

She wipes snow off the shoulder of her shirt. She's wearing the Avett shirt I bought her at the concert we went to no less than a month ago. We had the best time that night; I never would have imagined then that we would be in the predicament we're in right now.

I finally give in and speak first. "You know, for someone giving me the silent treatment like a five-year-old, you sure are quick to accuse me of being immature."

She cocks her eyebrows at me and laughs. "Seriously? You have me trapped in a laundry room, Will! Who's being immature?"

She tries to move past me again, but I continue to block her way. She's flush against me now as she pathetically tries to shove against my chest to get by. I have to fight the urge to wrap my arms around her. We're practically face to face when she finally gives up again and stops pushing me. She's inches from me now, staring at the floor, waiting for me to get out of her way. She may have her doubts about my feelings for her, but there is no way she can doubt the sexual tension between us. I take her chin in my hand and gently pull her face toward mine.

"Lake," I whisper. "I'm not sorry about what I did to your car. I'm desperate. I'd do anything at this point just to be with you. I miss you."

She looks away so I bring my other hand to her face and force her to look me in the eyes. She tries to pull my hands away but I refuse to let go. The tension between us increases as we hold each other's stare. I can tell she wants to hate me so bad right now, but she loves me too much. There's a struggle of emotion in her eyes. She can't decide whether or not she wants to punch me or kiss me.

I take advantage of her moment of weakness and slowly lean in and touch my lips to hers. She presses her hands against my chest and half-heartedly tries to push me away, but she doesn't pull her mouth away from mine. Rather than honor her request for 'space,' I lean into her even further and part her lips with mine. Her hands weaken their pressure against my chest as her stubbornness finally caves and she lets me kiss her.

I place my hand on the back of her head and slowly move my lips in rhythm with hers. Our kiss is different this time. Rather than push it to the point of retreat like we've been doing, we continue to slowly kiss, pausing every few seconds to look at each other. It's almost as if neither of us believes this is happening. I feel like this kiss is my last chance to remove any doubt from her head, so I pour every single emotion I have into it. Now that I have her back in my arms, I'm afraid to let her go. I take a step forward and she takes a step back until we end up against the dryer. The situation we're in reminds me of the last time we were alone together in a laundry room over a year ago.

It was the day after her kiss with Javi at Club N9NE. The moment I walked around his truck and saw his mouth on hers, I immediately felt a jealousy coupled with an intense hurt like nothing I've ever experienced. I had never been in a physical fight before. The fact that he was my student and I was his teacher was lost on me as soon as I began to pull him off of her. I don't know what would have happened if Gavin wouldn't have shown up when he did.

The day after the fight when I heard Lake tell her version of events, I felt like such an idiot that I actually believed she had kissed him back. I knew her better than that, and hated myself for assuming the worst. As difficult as it was that day to allow her to continue to believe I had chosen my career over her, I knew it was the right thing to do at the time. That night in her laundry room though, I allowed my emotions to take control over my conscience, and I almost messed up the best thing that ever happened to me.

I push the fear of losing her again out of my mind as I continue to kiss her. She moves her hands to my neck, sending chills down my entire body. Slow and steady loses out as we simultaneously pick up the pace. When she runs her hands through my hair, it sends me over the edge. I grab her by the waist and lift her up until she's seated on the dryer. Out of every single kiss we've ever shared, this is by far the best. I place my hands on the outside of her thighs and pull her to the edge of the dryer and she wraps her legs around me. Just as my lips meet the spot directly below her ear, she gasps and shoves against my chest.

"Eh hem," my grandmother says, rudely interrupting one of the best moments of my life.

Lake immediately jumps off the dryer and I step back. My grandmother is standing in the doorway with her arms crossed, glaring at us. Lake straightens her shirt out and looks down at her feet, embarrassed.

"Well it's nice to see you two made up," my grandmother says, eyeing me disapprovingly. "Dinner is ready when you can find the time to join us at the table." She turns and walks away.

As soon as she's gone, I turn back to Lake and wrap my arms around her again. "Babe, I've missed you so bad."

"Stop," she says, pulling away from me. "Just stop."

Her sudden hostility is unexpected...and confusing. "What do you mean stop? You were just kissing me back, Lake."

She looks up at me, agitated. She seems disappointed in herself. "I guess I had a weak moment," she says in a mocking tone.

I recognize the phrase, and more than likely deserve her reaction.

"Lake, quit doing this to yourself. I know you love me."

She lets out a sigh as though she's unsuccessfully trying to get through to a child. "Will, I'm not struggling with whether or not I love you. It's whether or not you really love me." She heads into the dining room, leaving me behind in yet another laundry room.

I punch the wall, frustrated at what just happened between us. I thought for a second I finally got through to her. I don't know how much longer I can take this. She's starting to piss me off.

***

"This roast is delicious, Sara," Lake says to my grandmother. "You'll have to give me the recipe."

I snatch the bowl of potatoes off the table in front of me and silently seethe at the way Lake is so casually exchanging pleasantries with my grandmother. I have no appetite, but I pile on the food anyway. I know my grandmother and if I don't eat, she'll be offended. I scoop potatoes onto my plate, then take an exaggerated spoonful and drop them onto Lake's plate, right on top of her roast. She's seated next to me, doing her best to pretend nothing is amiss as she eyes the massive mound of potatoes in front of her. I don't know if she's putting on this fake display of happiness for my grandparent's sake or for Kel and Caulder's sake. Maybe for the sake of all of them.

"Layken, did you know Grandpaul used to be in a band?" Kel says.

"No, I didn't. And did you just call him Grandpaul?" Lake says.

"Yeah. That's my new name for him."

"I like it," my grandfather says. "Can I call you Grandkel?"

Kel smiles and nods at him.

"Will you call me Grandcaulder?" Caulder asks.

"Sure thing, Grandcaulder," he says.

"What was the name of your band, Grandpaul?" Lake asks.

It's almost scary how good she is at putting up a front. I make a mental note to remember this little detail about her for future reference.

"Well, I was in several actually," he replies. "It was just a hobby when I was younger. I played the guitar."

"That's neat," she says. She takes a bite of her food and talks with a mouthful. "You know, Kel has always wanted to learn how to play the guitar. I've been thinking about putting him in lessons." She wipes her mouth and takes a sip of water.

"Why? You should just get Will to teach him," Grandpaul says.

Lake turns and looks at me. "I wasn't aware that Will knew how to play the guitar," she says in a somewhat accusatory tone.

I guess I've never shared this with her. It's not like I was trying to keep it from her, I just haven't played in a couple of years. Of course, I'm sure she thinks it's just another secret I've been hiding from her.

"You've never played for her?" he says to me.

I shrug. "I don't own a guitar."

Lake is still glaring at me. "This is really interesting, Will," she says sarcastically. "There sure is a lot about you I don't know."

I look at her straight faced. "Actually, Babe...there isn't. You pretty much know everything about me."

She shakes her head and places her elbows on the table and squints her eyes at me, putting on that fake smile I'm really growing to hate. "No, Sweetie. I don't think I do know everything about you." She says this in a tone that only I could recognize as her false enthusiasm.

"I didn't know you played the guitar. I also didn't know you were getting a roommate. In fact, this 'Reece' seems to have been a pretty big part of your life, and you've never even mentioned him....along with a few other 'old friends' that have popped up recently."

I set my fork down on my plate and wipe my mouth with my napkin. Everyone at the table is staring at me, waiting for me to speak. I smile at my grandmother who seems oblivious to what's going on between Lake and I. She smiles back at me, interested in my response. I decide to raise the stakes, so I wrap my arm around Lake and pull her closer to me and kiss her on the forehead.

"You're right, Layken." I say her entire first name with her same feigned enthusiasm. I know how much it pisses her off. "I did fail to mention a few old friends from my past. I guess this means we'll just have to spend a lot more time together, getting to know every single aspect of each other's lives." I pinch her chin with my thumb and finger and smile at her as she narrows her eyes at me.

"Reece is back? He's living with us?" Caulder asks.

I nod. "He needed a place to crash for a month or so."

"Why isn't he staying with his mother?" my grandmother asks.

"She got remarried while he was overseas. He doesn't get along with his new step-dad, so he's looking for his own place," I say.

Lake leans forward in an attempt to inconspicuously remove my arm that's draped around her shoulder. Instead, I squeeze her tighter and pull my chair closer to hers. "Lake sure made a good first impression when she met Reece," I say, referring to her shirtless tantrum in my living room. "Right, Sweetie?"

She presses the heel of her boot into the top of my foot and smiles back at me. "Right," she says. She scoots her chair back and stands up. "Excuse me. I need to go to the restroom." She slaps her napkin down on the table and gives me the eye as she walks away.

Everyone else at the table is oblivious to her anger.

"You two seem to have moved past your hump from last week," my grandfather says after she's disappeared down the hallway.

"Yep. Getting along great," I say. I shove a spoonful of potatoes in my mouth.

Lake remains in the bathroom for quite a while. When she returns, she doesn't speak much. Kel, Caulder and Grandpaul talk video games while Lake and I finish our meals in silence.

"Will, can you help me in the kitchen?" my grandmother says.

My grandmother is the last person that would ask for help in the kitchen. I'm either about to change a light bulb or receive a lecture. I get up from the table and grab mine and Lake's plates and follow her through the kitchen door.

"What's that all about?" she says as I scrape food off the plates and into the disposal.

"What's what all about?" I reply.

She wipes her hands on the dish towel and leans against the counter. "She's not very happy with you, Will. I may be old, but I know a woman's scorn when I see one. Do you want to talk about it?"

She's more observant than I give her credit for.

"I guess it can't hurt at this point," I say, leaning against the kitchen counter next to her. "She's pissed at me. The whole thing with Vaughn last week left her doubting me. Now she thinks I'm with her just because I feel sorry for her and Kel."

"Why are you with her?" my grandmother asks.

"Because. I'm in love with her," I say.

"Well, I suggest you better show her," she says. She takes the rag and begins wiping down the counter.

"I have. I can't tell you how many times I've told her. I can't get it through her head. Now she wants me to leave her alone so she can think. I'm getting so frustrated; I don't know what else I can do."

My grandmother rolls her eyes at my perceived ignorance. "A guy can tell a girl he's in love with her until he's blue in the face. Words don't mean anything to a woman when her head's full of doubt. You have to show her."

"How? What else can I do? I disabled her car so she'd have to ride here with me today. Short of stalking her, I don't know what else I can do to show her."

My pathetic confession prompts a disapproving look from her. "That's more like a good way to get yourself put in jail, not win back the heart of the girl you're in love with," she says.

"I know. It was stupid. I was desperate. I'm out of ideas."

She walks to the refrigerator and pulls out a pie. She sets in on the counter next to me and starts cutting slices. "I think the first step is for you to take some time to question just why you're in love with her, then figure out a way to relay that to her. In the meantime, you need to give her the space she needs. I'm surprised that little spectacle you just pulled at dinner didn't get you punched."

"The night is still young."

My grandmother laughs and places a slice of pie onto a plate, then turns around and hands it to me. "I like her, Will. You better not screw this up. She's good for Caulder."

My grandmother's comment surprises me. "Really? I didn't think you liked her very much."

She continues slicing sections of the pie. "I know you think that, but I do like her. What I don't like is the way you're always all over her when you're around her. Some things are better left in private. And I'm referring to the bedroom, not the laundry room," she says as she whips her head around and frowns at me.

I didn't realize how publicly I flaunted my affection toward Lake. Now that my grandmother and Lake have both brought it up, it's kind of embarrassing. I guess the laundry room incident from earlier also didn't help to dissuade the opinion Lake thinks my grandmother has of her.

"Grandma?" I ask as I pick at my dessert. She never gave me a fork so I tear off a piece of the crust and pop it in my mouth.

"Hum?" She notices me eating with my hands so she reaches into the drawer, pulls out a fork and drops it on my plate.

"She's still a virgin, you know."

My grandmother's eyes grow wide and she turns back toward the pie to cut another slice. "Will, that's none of my business."

"I know," I say. "I just want you to know that about her. I don't want you thinking the opposite of her."

She turns and hands me two more plates of dessert, then grabs two of her own and nudges her head toward the kitchen door. "You have a good heart, Will. She'll come around. You just need to give her time."

***

Lake sits in the backseat with Kel on the way home and Caulder rides in front with me. The three of them talk the entire ride home. Kel and Caulder are droning on about everything they did with Grandpaul. I don't say a word. I tune them out and drive in silence.

After I pull into my driveway and we all get out of the car, I follow Lake and Kel as they make their way across the street. She heads inside without saying a word. I pop the hood on her jeep and reconnect the battery, then shut it and head back to my house.

It's not even ten o'clock at night yet. I'm not tired at all. Caulder's in bed and Reece is more than likely still out with Vaughn. I sit down on the couch and turn the T.V. on when someone knocks at the door.

Who would be coming over this late? Who would knock? I open the door and my stomach flips when I see Lake shivering on the patio. She doesn't look angry, which is a good sign. Her hands are pulling her jacket tightly around her neck. She's got her snow boots pulled on over her pajama bottoms. She looks ridiculous...and beautiful.

"Hey," I say, a little too eagerly. "Here for another star?" I step aside and she walks in. "Why'd you knock?" I ask, shutting the door behind her.

I hate that she knocked on my door. She never knocks. That small gesture reveals some sort of change in our entire relationship that I can't pinpoint, but I know I don't like it.

She just shrugs her shoulders. "Can I talk to you?"

"I wish you would talk to me," I say. We both make our way to the couch. Normally, she would curl up next to me and sit on her feet. This time, she makes sure there's plenty of space between us as she drops down on the opposite end of the couch. If I've learned anything at all this week, it's the fact that I hate space. Space sucks.

She looks at me and attempts to muster a smile, but it doesn't come off right. It looks more like she's trying not to pity me.

"Promise me you'll hear me out without arguing first," she says. "I'd like to have a mature conversation with you."

"Lake, you can't sit there and say I don't hear you out. It's impossible to hear you out when you're carving pumpkins all the damn time!"

"See? Right there. Don't do that," she says.

I grab the throw pillow next to me and cover my face with it to muffle a frustrated groan. She's impossible. I bring the pillow back down and rest my elbow on it as I get comfortable and prepare for her lecture.

"I'm listening," I say.

"I don't think you understand where I'm coming from at all. You have no clue why I'm having doubts, do you?"

She's right, I don't. "Enlighten me," I say.

She takes her jacket off and throws it over the back of the couch and gets comfortable. I was wrong, she's not here to lecture; I can tell by the way she's speaking to me. She's here to have a serious conversation, so I decide to respectfully hear her out.

"I know you love me, Will. I was wrong to say that earlier. I know you do. And I love you, too."

It's obvious this confession is merely just a preface to something else she's about to say. Something I don't want to hear.

"But after hearing the things Vaughn said to you, it made me look at our relationship in a different way." She pulls her legs up on the couch and sits Indian style, facing me. "Think about it. I started thinking back on that night at the slam last year, when I finally told you how I felt. What if I wouldn't have shown up that night? What if I wouldn't have come to you and told you how much I loved you? You would have never even read me your slam. You would have taken the job at the junior high and we probably wouldn't even be together. So you can see where my doubt comes into play, right? It seems like you just wanted to sit back and let the chips fall where they may. You didn't fight for me. You were just going to let me go. You did let me go."

I did let her go, but not for the reasons she's telling herself. She knows this. Why does she doubt it now? I do my best to be patient when I respond, but my emotions are all jumbled up. I'm frustrated, I'm pissed, I'm happy she's here. It's exhausting. I hate fighting.

"You know why I had to let you go, Lake. There were bigger things going on last year than just us. Your mother needed you. She didn't know how much time she had. The way we felt about each other would have interfered with your time left with her, and you would have hated yourself for it later. That's the only reason why I gave up, and you know that."

She shakes her head in disagreement. "It's more than that, Will. We've both experienced more grief in the past couple of years than most people experience in a lifetime. Think about the effect that had on us. When we finally found each other, our grief is how we related. Then when we found out we couldn't be together, it made it even worse. Especially since Kel and Caulder were best friends by then. We had to interact constantly which made it even harder to shut off our feelings. And then to top it all off, my mom ended up having cancer and I was about to become a guardian, just like you. That's how we related. There were all these external influences at play. Almost like life was forcing us together."

I let her continue without interrupting her as she requested I do, but I just want to scream out of sheer frustration. I'm not sure what point she's getting at, but it seems to me she's been thinking way too hard.

"Remove all the external factors for a second," she says. "Imagine if things were like this: your parents are alive. My mom is alive. Kel and Caulder aren't best friends. We aren't both guardians with huge responsibilities. We have no sense of obligation to help each other out. You were never my teacher, therefore we never had to experience those months of emotional torture. We're just a young couple with absolutely no responsibilities or life experiences tying us together. Now tell me, if all that was our current reality, what is it about me that you love? Why would you want to be with me?"

"This is ridiculous," I mutter. "That's not our reality, Lake. Maybe some of those things are why we're in love. What's wrong with that? Why would it matter? Love is love."

She scoots closer to me on the couch and takes my hands in hers, looking me straight in the eyes. "It matters, Will. It matters because five or ten years from now, those external factors aren't going to be at play in our relationship anymore. It'll just be you and me. My biggest fear is that you'll wake up one day and realize all the reasons you're in love with me are gone. Kel and Caulder won't be here to depend on either of us. Our parent's will be a fleeting memory. We'll both have careers that could support us individually. If these are the reasons you love me, there won't be anything left to hold you to me other than your conscience. And knowing you, you would live with it internally because you're too good of a person to break my heart. I don't want to be the reason you end up with regrets."

She stands up and puts her jacket back on. I start to protest everything she says but as soon as I open my mouth she interrupts me. "Don't," she says with a serious look on her face. "I want you to think about this before you object. I don't care if it takes you days or weeks or months. I don't want to hear from you again until you can be completely real with me and leave my feelings for you out of your decision. You owe this to me, Will. You owe it to me to make sure we aren't about to live a life together that someday you'll regret."

She walks out the door and calmly closes it behind her.

Months? Did she just say she didn't care if it takes months?

She did. She said months.

My god, everything she said makes sense. She's completely wrong, but it makes sense. I get it. I can see why she's questioning everything. I can see why she doubts me now.

Half an hour goes by before I even so much as move a muscle. I'm completely lost in thought. When I finally break free from the trance I'm in, I come to just one conclusion. My grandmother is right. Lake needs me to show her why I love her.

I start to formulate a plan when I decide to grab inspiration out of the jar first. I unfold the star and read it.

"Life's hard. It's even harder when you're stupid."

 John Wayne

I sigh. I miss Julia's sense of humor.

Tuesday, January 24th, 2012

The heart of a man

is no heart at all

If his heart isn't loved by a woman.

The heart of a woman

is no heart at all

If her heart isn't loving a man.

But the heart of a man and a woman in love

Can be worse than not having a heart

Because at least if you have no heart at all

It can't die when it breaks apart.

Chapter Ten

It's Tuesday and so far I've spent the majority of the day studying. Only a portion of it has been spent being paranoid. Paranoid that someone's going to see me sneaking into Lake's house. Once inside, I search around for everything I need and quickly head back out the front door before everyone gets home from school. I throw my satchel over my shoulder and bend down to hide Lake's key back under the pot.

"What are you doing?!"

I jump back and nearly trip over the concrete patio rise. I control my balance on the support beam and look up. Sherry is standing in Lake's driveway with her hands on her hips. I quickly try to come up with an excuse as to why I'm sneaking out of Lake's house.

"I...I was just..."

"I'm kidding," she laughs, walking toward me.

I shoot her a dirty look for almost giving me a heart attack and turn back around to push the pot back into its original position. "I needed some things out of her house," I say, without going into detail. "What's up?"

"Not much," she says. She has a shovel in her hands and I glance behind her to see part of Lake's sidewalk cleared. "I'm just wasting time...waiting on my husband to get home. We've got errands to run."

I c*ck my head at her. "You have a husband?" I ask with a little too much fervor. I don't mean to sound surprised, but I am. I've never seen him before.

She laughs at my response. "No, Will. My children are the result of immaculate conception."

I laugh. She's got a great sense of humor. It reminds me of my mother's. And Julia's. And Lake's. How was I so lucky to be surrounded by such amazing women?

"Sorry," I say. "It's just that I've never seen him before."

"He works a lot. Mostly out of state...goes on business trips and the like. He's home for two weeks. I'd really like you to meet him."

I don't like that we're standing in front of Lake's house. She'll be home soon. I start walking away from the house as I respond. "Well, if Kel and Kiersten get married someday, we'll technically be in-laws, so I guess I should meet him."

"That's assuming you and Kel have a different type of relationship by then," she says. "Are you planning on popping the question?" She begins walking with me toward her house. I think she can sense I just want to be off of Lake's property before they return home.

"I'd planned on it," I say. "I'm just not so sure now what Lake's answer would be."

Sherry turns around and tilts her head, then sighs. She's looking at me with pity again. "Come inside for a sec. I want to show you something."

I continue to follow her into her house. "Sit down on the couch," she says. "Do you have a few minutes?"

"I've got more than a few."

She walks down the hallway and returns a moment later with a DVD in her hands. After she inserts it into the DVD player, she sits down on the couch beside me and turns the television on with the remote.

"What is it?" I ask.

"A close-up of me giving birth to Kiersten."

I jump up in protest and she rolls her eyes and laughs. "Sit down, Will. I'm kidding."

I reluctantly sit back down. "That's not funny," I say.

She presses play on the remote and the television is interrupted by a brief second of static, then cuts to a shot of a much younger Sherry. She looks about nineteen or twenty in the footage. She's sitting on a porch swing laughing, hiding her face from the video camera with her hands. The person holding the camera is laughing, too. I assume it's her now-husband. When he walks up the porch steps, he angles the camera around and sits beside her, focusing the lens on both of them. Sherry uncovers her face and leans her head against his and smiles.

"Why are you filming us, Jim?" Sherry says to the camera.

"Because. I want you to remember this moment forever," he says.

The camera shuffles again and comes to a rest on what is probably a table. It's positioned on both of them now as he kneels down in front of her and places his hands by her side. It's obvious he's about to propose, but you can see Sherry attempt to suppress her excitement, in case that's not his intention. When he pulls a small box out of his pocket, she gasps and immediately starts to cry. He brings his hand up to her face and wipes away her tears, then briefly leans forward and kisses her.

When he settles back onto his knee, he wipes a tear away from his own eyes. "Sherry, until I met you I didn't know what life was. I had no clue that I wasn't even alive. It's like you came along and woke up my soul." He's looking straight at her as he talks. He doesn't sound nervous at all, like he's determined to prove to her how serious he is. He takes a deep breath and then continues. "I'll never be able to give you everything you deserve, but I'll definitely spend the rest of my life trying."

He pulls the ring out of the box and slides it on her finger. "I'm not asking you to marry me, Sherry. I'm telling you to marry me, because I can't live without you."

Sherry wraps her arms around his neck and they hold onto one another and cry. "Okay," she finally says. When they begin to kiss, his hand reaches over and turns off the camera.

The television goes black.

Sherry presses the power button on the remote and she's silent for a moment. I can tell the video brought back a lot of emotions in her. "What you saw in that video?" she says. "The connection Jim and I had? That's true love, Will. I've seen you and Layken together, and she loves you like that. She really does."

The front door to Sherry's house opens wide and a man enters, shaking the snow out of his hair. Sherry looks nervous as she hops up and hits eject on the DVD player and puts it back inside the case.

"Hey, Sweetie," she says to him. She motions for me to stand up, so I do. "This is Will," she says. "He's Caulder's older brother from across the street."

The man walks through the living room and I reach my hand out to him. As soon as I'm eye to eye with him, Sherry's sudden nervousness is explained. This isn't Jim. This is a completely different man than whoever it was I just saw propose to Sherry on that DVD.

"I'm David. Nice to meet you. Heard a lot about you."

"Likewise," I say. I'm lying.

"I've been giving Will relationship advice," Sherry says.

"Oh yeah?" he says. He smiles at me. "Hopefully you take it with a grain of salt, Will. Sherry thinks she's a real guru." He leans in and kisses Sherry on the cheek.

"Well, she is pretty smart," I say.

"That she is," he says as he takes a seat on the couch. "But take it from me...never accept any of her medicinal concoctions. You'll regret it."

Too late for that.

"I better get going," I say. "Nice meeting you, David."

"I'll walk you out," Sherry says.

Once we're outside, her smile fades after she shuts the door behind her.

"You need to know that I love my husband, Will. But there are very few people in this world lucky enough to experience love on the same level that I've had in the past...on the same level that you and Layken have. I'm not getting into the details of why mine didn't work out, but take it from someone who's had it before...you don't want to let it slip away. Fight for her."

She steps back inside her house and shuts the door.

"That's what I'm trying to do," I whisper.

***

"Can we have pizza tonight?" Caulder says as soon as he walks through the front door. "It's Tuesday. Gavin can get us the Tuesday special that comes with the dessert pizza."

"Whatever. I don't feel like cooking, anyway." I text Gavin and offer to buy them pizza if he'll bring it over when he gets off work.

By the time eight o'clock comes around, I've got a houseful. Kiersten and Kel showed up at some point. Gavin and Eddie walk in with the pizza and we all sit down at the table to eat. The only one missing is Lake.

"Should you invite Lake?" I ask Eddie as I toss a pile of paper plates onto the table.

Eddie looks at me and shakes her head. "I just texted her. She said she's not hungry."

I sit down to the table and grab one of the paper plates and toss a slice onto it. I take a bite and drop the pizza back down onto the plate. I'm suddenly not hungry, either.

"Thanks for bringing me a cheese pizza, Gavin," Kiersten says. "At least someone around here respects the fact that I don't eat meat."

I don't have anything to throw at her or I would. I shoot her a dirty look instead.

"What's the plan of attack for Thursday?" Kiersten asks me.

I glance at Eddie and she's looking right at me. "What's Thursday?" Eddie says.

"Nothing," I reply. I don't want Eddie ruining this. I'm afraid she'll go warn Lake.

"Will, if you think I'll tell her whatever it is you're planning to do, you're wrong. No one wants you two to work things out more than I do, believe me." She takes a bite of her pizza. She seems genuinely serious, although I'm not sure why.

"He's doing a slam for her," Kiersten blurts out.

Eddie looks back up at me. "Seriously? How? You aren't gonna be able to talk her into going."

"He didn't have to," Kiersten says. "I talked her into going."

Eddie looks at Kiersten and grins at her. "You're a sly little thing. And just how are you planning to keep her there?" Eddie looks back at me. "As soon as she sees you on that stage she'll get pissed and leave."

"Not if I steal her purse and keys," Kel says.

"Good idea, Kel!" I say. As soon as I say it, the reality of the moment hits me. I'm sitting here praising eleven-year-olds for stealing and lying to my girlfriend. What kind of role model am I?

"And we can sit in that booth we sat in last time," Caulder says. "We'll make sure Lake gets in first, that way we can trap her in. Once you start doing your slam, she won't be able to get up. She'll have to watch you."

"Great idea," I say. I may not be a role-model, but at least I'm raising smart children.

"I want to go," Eddie says. She turns to Gavin. "Can we go? Aren't you off Thursday? I want to watch Will and Layken make up."

"Yeah, we can go. But how are we all getting there if she doesn't know you're going, Will? We can't all fit in Layken's car. I really don't need to be driving all the way to Detroit in mine after all the deliveries I've been making."

"You can ride with me," I say. "Eddie can tell Lake you're working or something. Everyone else can ride with Lake."

Everyone seems to agree on the plans. The fact that they all seem determined to help me win her back gives me a sense of hope. If everyone in this room can see how much we need to be together, surely Lake will see it, too.

I grab another plate and throw three slices of pizza on it, then take it to the kitchen. I glance over my shoulder to make sure no one is paying attention. I reach into the cabinet and pull out a star and set it under one of the slices of pizza before I wrap it.

"Eddie, will you take this to Lake? Make sure she eats something?"

Eddie grabs the plate and smiles at me, then walks out the front door.

"Kids, clean the table. Put the pizza back in the fridge," I say. Gavin and I walk to the living room and sit on the couch.

He lays on the couch and rests his head on the arm of it. He pinches his forehead with his hand and closes his eyes.

"Headache?" I say.

He shakes his head. "Stress."

"You guys decide on anything yet?"

He's quiet for a moment. He inhales a slow, deep breath and exhales even slower. "I told her I was nervous about going through with it the other night. Told her I think we needed to weigh our options. She got really upset," he says. He sits back up on the couch and puts his elbows on his knees. "She accused me of thinking she would make a bad mom. That's not what I think at all, Will. I think she would make a great mom. I just think she would make an even better mom if we waited until we were ready. Now she's pissed at me. We haven't talked about it since. We're both just pretending like it's not happening or something. It's weird."

"So you're both carving pumpkins?" I say.

Gavin looks at me. "I still don't get that analogy."

I guess he wouldn't. I wish I had better advice for him.

Kiersten walks into the living room and sits down next to Gavin. "Know what I think?" she says.

Gavin looks at her, agitated. "You don't even know what we're talking about, Kiersten. Go play with your toys."

She glares at him. "I'm going to let that insult slide because I know you're in a bad mood. But for future reference, I don't play." She stares at him to make sure he doesn't have a response, then she continues talking. "Anyway, I think you should quit feeling sorry for yourself. You're acting like a little bitch. You aren't even the one pregnant, Gavin. How do you think Eddie feels? I'm sorry, but as much as the guy likes to think he's got an equal part in these kinds of situations, he's wrong. You screwed up when you got her knocked up in the first place. Now you need to shut your mouth and be there for her. For whatever she decides to do." She stands up and walks to the front door. "And Gavin? Sometimes things happen in life that you didn't plan for. All you can do now is suck it up and start mapping out a new plan."

She shuts the door behind her, leaving Gavin and I speechless.

"Did you tell her Eddie was pregnant?" I finally ask.

He shakes his head, still staring at the door. "No," he says. He continues to stare at the door in deep thought.

"Dammit!" he yells. "I'm such an idiot! I'm a selfish idiot!" He jumps up from the couch and puts on his jacket. "I'll call you Thursday, Will. I've got to go figure out how to make this right."

"Good luck," I say. As soon as Gavin opens the front door to walk out, Reece walks in.

"Hi-Reece-Bye-Reece," Gavin says as he passes Reece. Reece turns around and watches Gavin run across the street.

"You've got strange friends," he says.

I don't argue. "There's pizza in the fridge if you want some."

"Nah. I'm just here to grab some clothes. I already ate," he says as he walks down the hallway.

It's Tuesday. I'm pretty sure he and Vaughn went out for the first time yesterday. Not that it bothers me in the least, but things seem to be progressing a little fast with the two of them. Reece walks back through the living room toward the front door. "You work things out with Layken yet?" He's shoving an extra pair of pants into his bag.

"Almost," I say, eyeing his overnight bag. "You and Vaughn seem to be hitting it off pretty well."

He grins at me and walks backwards out the door. "Like I said, I've got skills."

I sit there on the couch and ponder my situation. I've got an old best friend who's dating the girl I spent two years of my life with. My new best friend is freaking out about becoming a dad. My girlfriend isn't speaking to me. I've got class in the morning with the very reason my girlfriend isn't speaking to me. My parallel eleven-year-old neighbor gives better advice than I do. I'm feeling a tad bit defeated right now. I lie down on the couch and try to think of something going right in my life. Anything.

Kel and Caulder walk into the living room and sit on the other couch.

"You with wrong what's?" Kel says backwards.

"Wrong not what's?" I sigh.

"I'm too tired to talk backwards," Caulder says. "I'm just gonna talk frontwards. Will...can you come to school next Thursday and sit with me at lunch? It's supposed to be Dad day, but Dad's dead so that leaves you."

I close my eyes. I hate that he's so casual about not having a Dad now. Or maybe I'm glad he's so casual about it. Either way, I hate it for him. "Sure. Just let me know what time I need to be there."

"Eleven," he says as he stands up. "I'm going to bed now. See ya later, Kel."

Caulder walks toward his bedroom and Kel stands up. I watch him as he crosses the living room. He looks just as defeated as I do right now as he heads toward the front door. When the door closes behind him, I slap myself in the forehead. You're such an idiot, Will!

I jump off the couch and follow Kel outside. "Kel!" I yell when I open the front door. He turns around in the street and starts walking toward me. We meet in my front yard.

"What about you?" I say. "Can I have lunch with you, too?"

Kel tries to suppress a smile, just like his sister. He shrugs. "If you want to," he says.

I ruffle his hair. "I'd be honored," I say.

"Thanks, Will." He turns and walks back to his house. As I watch him close his front door behind him, it occurs to me that if things don't work out between Lake and I, it's not just her I'm afraid of losing.

***

I'm not sure how today is going to go. When I get to my first class, all I can do is wait. I'm hoping she doesn't sit by me. Surely she knows that much. Most of the students arrive and the professor finally walks in and hands out the tests. It's ten minutes after the start of class and Vaughn still hasn't shown up. I finally let out a sigh of relief and begin to focus on the lecture when she bursts through the door. She never has been much for subtlety. Of course, after she grabs her test, she comes straight up the stairs and sits right next to me. Of course she does.

"Hey," she whispers. She's smiling. She looks happy. I'm hoping it has everything to do with Reece and nothing to do with me.

She rolls her eyes. "Don't worry. This is the last day I'm sitting by you," she says.

I guess she could see the disappointment clearly written across my face when she walked up.

"I just wanted to say I was sorry about last week. I also wanted to say thanks for being so cool about Reece and I dating again." She picks her bag up from the table and starts sifting through it, then takes out a pen.

"Again?" I whisper.

"Yeah. I mean, I thought you'd be pissed that we started dating right after you and I broke up last time. Before he left for the military? Actually, it kind of upset me that it didn't piss you off," she says with a strange look in her eyes. "Anyway, we decided to give it another shot. But that's all I wanted to say."

She turns her attention to the test in front of her.

Again? I want to ask her to repeat everything she just said, but that would mean I was inviting conversation, so I don't. But again? And I could swear she just said they dated before he left for the military. Reece left for the military two months after my parents died. If he and Vaughn dated before that...that only means one thing...he was dating her right after she broke my heart. He was dating her? The entire time I was venting to him about her, he was dating her? What a jackass. Hopefully he and Vaughn have gotten to know each other pretty well the whole three days they've been 'back' together...because he's about to need a new place to live.

***

I expect to confront Reece about it when I get home, but he isn't here. The entire night is relatively quiet. Kel and Caulder are spending most of the evening at Lake's house. Kiersten is too, I guess. It's just me and my thoughts. I use the rest of the evening to perfect what I want to say tomorrow night.

***

It's Thursday morning...the day Lake forgives me. I hope. Caulder and Kel have already left with Lake. I hear Reece in the kitchen making coffee and decide now would be a good time to go have a talk with him. To thank him for being such a great friend all these years. Jackass.

When I walk into the kitchen ready to confront him, it's not Reece making coffee. It's not Lake, either. Vaughn is standing in my kitchen with her back turned to me. In her bra. Making coffee in my kitchen. Using my coffee pot. In my house. In her bra.

Why the hell is this my life?

"What the hell are you doing here, Vaughn?"

She jumps and turns around. "I...I didn't know you were here," she stutters. "Reece said you weren't here last night."

"Ugh!" I yell, frustrated. I turn my back to her and rub my face with my hands, trying to sort out how the hell to fix this whole 'roommate' situation. Just as I'm about to kick Vaughn out, Reece walks into the kitchen.

"What the hell, Reece? I told you not to bring her here!"

"Chill out, Will. What's it matter? You were asleep. You didn't even know she was here."

He casually walks to the cabinet and grabs a coffee cup. He's wearing boxer shorts. She's in her bra. I can't imagine what Lake would think if she walked in right now and saw Vaughn in my kitchen in her bra. I'm thisclose to getting Lake to forgive me. This would derail my entire plan.

"Get out! Both of you, get out!" I yell.

Neither of them moves. Vaughn looks at Reece, waiting for him to say something...or do something. Reece looks at me and rolls his eyes. "Let me give you a piece of advice, Will. Any girl that can make you as miserable as you've been this week isn't worth it. You're being an ass. You need to drop that chick. Move on. If you ask me, she ain't worth it."

This little piece of advice, coming from this man who could care less about anyone but himself, pushes me over the edge. I don't even know what comes over me. I don't know if it's the comment about Lake not being worth it, or the fact that I'm now aware he lied to me for months. Either way, I lunge forward and punch the shit out of him. As soon as my fist meets his face, it's agony. Vaughn is screaming at me as I back away from him, holding onto my fist with my other hand.

Jesus! In the movies it always looks like the one being hit is the only one hurt. They never show the damage it actually does to the hands doing the hitting.

"What the hell!?" Reece yells, holding his jaw. I expect him to try to punch me back but he doesn't. Maybe deep down, he knows he deserves it.

"Don't tell me she isn't worth it," I say, turning toward the refrigerator. I reach in and grab two ice packs. I throw one to Reece and put the other one on my fist. "And thanks, Reece....for being such a great friend. After my parents died and she broke up with me..." I point to Vaughn when I say 'she.' "You were the only one willing to stick around and help me through it. Too bad I didn't know you were helping her out, too."

Reece looks at Vaughn. "You told him?" he says.

Vaughn looks confused. "I thought he knew," she says defensively.

When Reece realizes I now know he dated Vaughn during the lowest point of my life, he becomes flustered. "Will, I'm sorry. I didn't mean for it to happen. It just happened."

I shake my head. "Things like that don't just happen, Reece. We've been best friends since we were ten! My whole damn world collapsed around me. For an entire month you acted like you were trying to help me get her back, but instead you were screwing her!"

Neither of them can look me in the eyes. "I know I said I'd let you stay here, but things are different now." I throw the icepack on the counter and walk toward the hallway. "I want you both gone. Now."

I shut my bedroom door behind me and collapse onto the bed. I can probably count the friends I have left on one hand. Actually, I can count them on one finger. I lay there for a while longer, wondering how I could have been so blind to his selfishness. I hear Reece walk to the spare bedroom, then the bathroom, packing up his things. I don't come back out of the bedroom until I'm positive they're both gone. When I hear his car pull away, I walk to the kitchen and pour myself a cup of coffee. I guess I'll have to start making my own coffee again.

This isn't a very good start to the day. I reach into the cabinet and grab a star out of the vase and unfold it.

"I want to have friends that I can trust, who love me for the man I've become...not the man that I was." -The Avett Brothers.

As soon as I read it, I look over my shoulder...half expecting Julia to be there smiling. It's eerie sometimes how fitting these quotes have been to the situation. Almost like she's writing them as life is happening...

Thursday, January 26th, 2012.

I can only hope that the next entry I write into this journal after my performance tonight will be something like this:

Now that I have you back, I'm never letting you go. That's a promise. I'm not letting you go again.

Chapter Eleven

Gavin walks through the front door right around seven o'clock. It's the first time he's walked in without knocking. It must be contagious.

He can tell I'm a nervous wreck as soon as he sees me. "They just left. We should let them get a head start," he says.

"Good idea," I say. I make another walk-through of the house, trying to find something to add to the satchel. I'm pretty sure I have it all. When we finally leave, I warn Gavin I'm not going to be much for conversation on the ride there. Luckily, he understands. He always understands. That's what best friends do, I guess.

During the drive, I recite everything I need to say over and over in my head. I've got the poem down. I already talked to the guys at Club N9NE...so everything is in place there. Unfortunately, I only get one shot with her...so I've got to make it count.

When we arrive, Gavin goes inside first. He texts me a minute later and ensures me the plan is in place. I walk inside with my satchel across my shoulder and wait on my cue from the entryway. I don't want her to see me. If she sees me before it's time, she'll get angry and leave.

The seconds turn into minutes, and the minutes turn into eternity. I hate this. I've never been so nervous about performing before. I guess because when I normally perform, there's nothing on the line. This performance tonight could very well determine my path in life. I take a deep breath and focus on my nerves when the emcee takes the microphone.

"We've got something special planned for open mic tonight. So without further ado..." he walks off the stage.

This is it. Now or never.

Everyone in the audience has their eyes glued to the stage so I go unnoticed as I walk along the wall to the right of the room and make my way to the front. Right before I walk onto the stage, I glance to the booth where they're all sitting. Lake is right in the middle with nowhere to go. She's looking down at her phone. She has no clue what's about to hit her. I've already prepared myself for her reaction...she's going to be pissed. I just need her to hear me out long enough to get through to her. She's hard headed, but she's also reasonable.

The spotlight dims and focuses on a stool on the stage, just as I had instructed the lighting tech to do. I don't like the bright lights hindering my view of the audience, so I made sure they would all be turned off. I want to see Lake's face the entire time. I need to be able to look her in the eyes, so she'll know just how serious I am.

Before I take the stairs, I stretch my neck and arms out to ease the apprehension building up inside of me. I exhale a few breaths, then take the stage.

I walk to the stool and take a seat as I place my satchel on the floor. I take the microphone out of the stand and look straight at Lake, who finally looks up from her phone. As soon as she sees me, she frowns and shakes her head. She's pissed. She says something to Caulder, who's seated at the edge of the booth, and she points to the door. He shakes his head and doesn't move. I watch as she fidgets her hands around beside her, looking for her purse. She can't find it. She points to Kiersten who is seated on the other edge of the booth and Kiersten shakes her head, too. Lake looks at Gavin and Eddie, then at Kiersten again, then she realizes they're all in on it. After accepting the fact that they aren't going to let her out of the booth, she folds her arms across her chest and returns her focus back to the stage. Back to me.

"Are you finished trying to run away yet?" I say into the microphone. "Because I have a few things I'd like to say to you."

The audience turns and searches for the person I'm speaking to. When Lake notices everyone staring at her, she buries her face in her hands.

I bring the audience's attention back to me. "I'm breaking the rules tonight," I say. "I know that slams can't involve props, but I've got a few I need to use. It's an emergency."

I bend down and pick the satchel up, then stand up and place it on the stool. I put the microphone back into the stand and position it at the right height.

"Lake? I know you told me you wanted me to think about everything you said the other night. I know it's only been two days, but honestly, I didn't even need two seconds. So instead of spending the last two days thinking about something I already know the answer to, I decided to do this instead. It's not a traditional slam, but I have a feeling you aren't that picky. My piece tonight is called "Because of you."

I exhale and smile at her before I begin.

"There are moments in every relationship that define when two people start to fall in love.

A first glance

A first smile

A first kiss

A first fall..."

(I remove the Darth Vader house shoes from my satchel and look down at them.)

"You were wearing these during one of those moments.

One of the moments I first started to fall in love with you.

The way you gave me butterflies that morning

had absolutely nothing to do with anyone else,

and everything to do with you.

I was falling in love with you that morning

because of you."

(I take the next item out of the satchel. When I pull it out and look up, she brings her hands to her mouth in shock.)

"This ugly little gnome

with his smug little grin...

He's the reason I had an excuse to invite you into my house.

Into my life.

You took a lot of aggression out on him over those next few months.

I would watch from my window as you would kick him over every time you walked by him.

Poor little guy.

You were so tenacious.

That feisty, aggressive, strong-willed side of you....

the side of you that refused to take crap from this concrete gnome?

The side of you that refused to take crap

from me?

I fell in love with that side of you

because of you."

(I set the gnome down on the stage and grab the c.d.)

"This is your favorite c.d.

'Layken's shit.'

Although now I know you intended for shit to be possessive,

rather than descriptive.

The banjo started playing through the speakers of your car

and I immediately recognized my favorite band.

Then when I realized it was your favorite band, too?

The fact that these same lyrics inspired both of us?

I fell in love with that about you.

That had absolutely nothing to do with anyone else.

I fell in love with that about you

because of you."

(I take a slip of paper out of the satchel and hold it up. When I look at her, I see Eddie slide her a napkin. I can't tell from up here, but that can only mean she's crying.)

"This is a receipt I kept.

Only because the item I purchased that night was on the verge of ridiculous.

Chocolate milk on the rocks? Who orders that?

You were different, and you didn't care.

You were being you.

A piece of me fell in love with you at that moment,

because of you."

"This?" (I hold up another sheet of paper.)

"This I didn't really like so much.

It's the poem you wrote about me.

The one you titled 'mean?'

I don't think I ever told you...

but you made a zero.

And then I kept it

to remind myself of all the things I never want to be to you."

(I pull her shirt from my bag. When I hold it into the light, I sigh into the microphone.)

"This is that ugly shirt you wear.

It doesn't really have anything to do with why I fell in love with you.

I just saw it at your house and thought I'd steal it."

(I pull the second to last item out of my bag. Her purple hair clip. She told me once how much it meant to her, and why she always keeps it.)

"This purple hair clip?

It really is magic...just like your dad told you it was.

It's magic because, no matter how many times it lets you down...you keep having hope in it.

You keep trusting it.

No matter how many times it fails you,

You never fail it.

Just like you never fail me.

I love that about you,

because of you."

(I set it back down and pull out a strip of paper and unfold it.)

"Your mother."

(I sigh)

"Your mother was an amazing woman, Lake.

I'm blessed that I got to know her,

And that she was a part of my life, too.

I came to love her as my own mom...just as she came to love Caulder and I as her own.

I didn't love her because of you, Lake.

I loved her because of her.

So, thank you for sharing her with us.

She had more advice about

Life and love and happiness and heartache than anyone I've ever known.

But the best advice she ever gave me?

The best advice she ever gave us?"

(I read the quote in my hands)

"Sometimes two people have to fall apart, to realize how much they need to fall back together."

(She's definitely crying now. I place the slip back inside the satchel and take a step closer to the edge of the stage as I hold her gaze.)

"The last item I have wouldn't fit, because you're actually sitting in it.

That booth.

You're sitting in the exact same spot you sat in when you watched your first performance on this stage.

The way you watched this stage with passion in your eyes...I'll never forget that moment.

It's the moment I knew it was too late.

I was too far gone by then.

I was in love with you.

I was in love with you because of you.

(I back up and sit down on the stool behind me, still holding her stare.)

I could go on all night, Lake.

I could go on and on and on about all the reasons I'm in love with you.

And you know what? Some of them are the things that life has thrown our way.

I do love you because you're the only other person I know that understands my situation.

I do love you because both of us know what it's like to lose your mom and your dad.

I do love you because you're raising your little brother, just like I am.

I love you because of what you went through with your mother.

I love you because of what we went through with your mother.

I love the way you love Kel.

I love the way you love Caulder.

And I love the way I love Kel.

So I'm not about to apologize for loving all these things about you, no matter the reasons or the circumstances behind them.

And no, I don't need days, or weeks, or months to think about why I love you.

It's an easy answer for me.

I love you because of you.

Because of

every

single

thing

about you."

I take a step back from the microphone when I'm finished. I keep my eyes locked on hers and, I'm not sure because she's pretty far away, but I think she mouths, "I love you." The stage lights come back up and I'm blinded. I can't see her anymore.

I gather the items and place them back inside my satchel and jump off the stage. I immediately head to the back of the room. When I get there, she's gone. Kel and Caulder are both standing up. They let her get out. They let her leave! Eddie sees the confusion on my face so she holds up Lake's purse and shakes it. "No worries, Will. I've still got her keys. She just walked outside, said she needed air."

I head to the exit and shove the door open. She's in the parking lot next to my car with her back to me, staring up at the sky. She's letting the snow fall on her face as she just stands there. I watch her for a minute, wondering what she's thinking. My biggest fear is that I misread her reaction from up on the stage and that everything I just said meant nothing to her. I slide my hands in my jacket pockets and begin walking toward her. When she hears the snow crunch beneath my feet, she turns around. The look in her eyes tells me everything I need to know. Before I take another step, she rushes to me and throws her arms around my neck, almost knocking me backwards.

"I'm so sorry, Will. I'm so, so sorry." She kisses me on the cheek, the neck, the lips, the nose, the chin. She keeps saying she's sorry over and over between each kiss. I wrap my arms around her and pick her up, giving her the biggest hug I've ever given her. When I plant her feet back on the ground, she takes my face in her hands and looks into my eyes. I don't see it anymore...the heartache. She's not heartbroken anymore. I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted off my shoulders and I can finally breathe again.

"I can't believe you kept that damn gnome," she whispers.

"I can't believe you threw him away," I say.

We continue to stare at each other, neither of us fully trusting that the moment is real. Or that it will last.

"Lake?" I stroke her hair, then the side of her face. "I'm sorry it took me so long to get it. It's my fault you had doubts. I promise, there won't be a day that goes by from now on that I won't show you how much you mean to me."

A tear rolls down her cheek. "Me too," she says.

My heart pounds against my chest. Not because I'm nervous. Not even because I want her worse than I've ever wanted her before. It's pounding against my chest because I realize I've never been so sure about the rest of my life than I am in this moment. This girl is the rest of my life. I lean in and kiss her. Neither of us closes our eyes. I don't think we want to miss a single second of this moment.

We're two feet from my car, so I walk her backwards until she's up against it. "I love you," I somehow mutter while my lips are still meshed with hers. "I love you so much," I say again. "God, I love you."

She pulls away from me and smiles. Her thumbs move to my cheeks and she wipes at the tears that I didn't even realize were streaming down my face. "I love you," she says. "Now that we have that out of the way, will you just shut up and kiss me?"

And so I do.

After several minutes of making up for all the kisses we missed out on for the last week, the cold temperature begins to affect us. Lake's bottom lip starts shivering. "You're cold," I say. "Do you want to get in my car and make out with me or should we go inside?" I'm hoping she chooses the car.

"The car," she says and smiles.

I take a step toward the car door when I realize I sat my satchel on the booth where everyone's sitting. "Crap," I say as I step back to Lake and wrap my arms around her. "My keys are inside." Her whole body is trembling against me now as she grows colder.

"Then break your butterflying window and unlock the door," she teases.

"A broken window would defeat the purpose of trying to keep you warm," I say. I do my best to warm her by pressing my face against her neck.

"I guess you'll have to try and keep me warm in other ways."

Her suggestion tempts me to break the damn window. Instead, I take her hand in mine and pull her toward the entrance. As soon as we walk inside, but before we pass through the entryway, I turn around to kiss her one more time before we head to our booth. I was just going in for a quick peck, but she pulls me into her and the kiss lingers.

"Thank you," she says when she pulls away. "For what you did up there tonight. And for trapping me in the booth so I couldn't leave. You know me too well."

"Thank you for listening," I say.

We head back to the booth hand in hand. When Kiersten sees us walking in together, she starts clapping.

"It worked!" she squeals. They all scoot toward the center so Lake and I can slide in. "Will, that means you owe me more poems," Kiersten says.

Lake looks at me and then at Kiersten. "Wait. You mean you two were conspiring this whole time?" she says. "Kiersten, did he put you up to begging me to bring you here tonight?"

Kiersten shoots me a look and we both laugh.

"And last weekend!" Lake says. "Did you knock on my door just so he could get in my house?"

Kiersten doesn't answer her as she looks back at me. "You owe me an early return fee," she says. "I think twenty bucks should do it." She holds out her palm.

"We didn't agree to monetary compensation if I remember correctly," I say, pulling twenty dollars from my wallet. "But I would have paid triple that."

She takes the money from my hand and puts it in her pocket with a satisfied look on her face. "I would have done it for free."

"I feel used," Lake says.

I put my arm around her and kiss her on top of the head. "Yeah, sorry about that. You're really hard to manipulate, though. I had to rally the forces."

She looks up at me and I take the opportunity to give her a quick kiss on the mouth. I can't help it. Every time her lips come within a certain proximity to mine, it's impossible not to kiss them.

"I liked it better when you two weren't speaking," Caulder says.

"Same here," Kel says. "I forgot how gross it was."

"I think I'm gonna be sick," Eddie says.

I laugh because I think Eddie's making a joke about our public display of affection. She's not. She covers her mouth with her hand and her eyes get big. Lake shoves against me and I hop out of the booth, followed by Lake and Kiersten. Eddie scoots out of the booth with her hand still over her mouth and she makes a mad dash for the bathroom. Lake runs after her.

"What's wrong with her?" Kiersten asks. "Is she having nausea?"

"Yep," Gavin says flatly. "Constantly."

"Well you don't look very worried about her," Kiersten says.

Gavin rolls his eyes and doesn't respond. We sit quietly through another performance when I notice Gavin watching the hallway with a concerned look on his face. "Will, hop up. I need to go check on her," he says. Kiersten and I get back out of the booth and Gavin exits. I grab Lake's purse and my satchel and we all follow.

"Kiersten go inside and see if she needs me," Gavin says. Kiersten opens the door to the women's restroom. A minute later, she returns.

"She said she'll be fine. Layken said for all you boys to go on and head home and us three will follow you in a few minutes. Layken needs her purse, though."

I hand Kiersten the purse. I'm a little bummed that Lake isn't riding with me, but I guess she did bring her own car. I'm anxious to get back to Ypsilanti. Back to our houses. I'm definitely sneaking into her room tonight.

We head outside to my car. I crank it and wipe the snow from the windows then walk over to Lake's car and wipe the snow off of her windows as well. When I get back to my car, the three of them are making their way outside.

"You okay?" I ask Eddie. She just nods.

I walk over to Lake and give her a quick peck on the cheek as she unlocks her door. "I'll follow you guys in case she gets sick again and you have to pull over."

"Thanks, Babe," she says, unlocking the doors for everyone else. She turns around and gives me a hug before climbing into her car.

"The boys are staying at my house tonight," I whisper in her ear. "After they fall asleep, I'm coming over. Wear your ugly shirt, okay?"

She smiles. "I can't. You stole it, remember?"

"Oh yeah," I whisper. "In that case...I guess you just shouldn't wear one at all." I wink at her and walk back to my car.

"She okay?" Gavin asks when I get back inside the car.

"I guess so," I say. "You want to go ride with them?"

Gavin shakes his head and sighs. "She doesn't want me to. She's still mad at me."

I feel bad. I hate that Lake and I just made up right in front of them. "She'll come around," I say as I pull out of the parking lot.

"Why do you two even bother with girls?" Kel asks. "Both of you have been miserable for days. It's pathetic."

"Someday you'll see, Kel," Gavin says. "You'll see."

He's right. Making up with Lake later tonight will make this entire week of hell worth every second. Deep down I know it'll happen tonight. We're both way beyond the point of retreat. I suddenly become nervous at the thought.

"Kel, you want to stay at my house tonight?" I try to act casual with my plan to corral the boys at my place. I feel like Kel can see right through me, even though I know he can't.

"Sure," he says. "But it's a school night and Lake takes us to school on Fridays. Why doesn't Caulder just stay with me?"

I didn't think about that. I guess Lake could just sneak over to my house after they fall asleep at her house. "Whichever," I say. "Doesn't really matter where."

Gavin laughs. "I see what you're up to," he whispers.

I just smile.

***

We're about half-way home when the snow begins to fall pretty heavily. Luckily, Lake is a pretty cautious driver. I'm still following behind her even though I would normally drive about ten miles an hour faster than this. It's a good thing Eddie isn't driving though; we'd all be in trouble.

"Gavin, you awake?" He's staring out the window and hasn't said much since we left Detroit. I can't tell if he's lost in thought or passed out.

He grumbles a response, informing me that he's still awake.

"Have you and Eddie talked since you left my house the other night?"

He stretches in his seat and yawns, then puts his hands behind his head and leans back. "Not yet. I worked a double shift yesterday. We were both in school all day today and didn't even see each other until tonight, but we were with Layken. I pulled her aside earlier and told her I wanted to talk to her later. I have a feeling she thinks it's bad. She hasn't said much to me since then."

"Well, she'll be-"

"Will!" Gavin yells. My first instinct is to slam on the breaks, but I'm not sure why I'm slamming on the breaks. I glance at Gavin and his eyes are glued to the oncoming traffic in the lanes to the left of us. I turn my head and see it just as the truck crosses the median and hits the car in front of us.

Lake's car.

Part Two

Thursday, January 26th, 2012

Chapter Twelve

I open my eyes, but don't hear anything right away. It's cold, though. I feel wind. And glass. Glass is on my shirt. Then I hear Caulder.

"Will!" he screams.

I turn around. Caulder and Kel both look fine, but they're panicking and trying to get out of their seat belts. Kel looks terrified. He's crying and yanking on the car door.

"Kel, don't get out of the car. Stay in the backseat." My hand goes up to my eye and I pull my fingers back and there's blood on them.

I'm not sure what just happened. We must have been hit. Or we ran off the road. The back windshield is busted out and there's glass all over the car. The boys don't look cut anywhere. I look at Gavin and he's swinging his door open. He tries to jump out of the car but he's stuck in his seatbelt. He's frantic, trying to unlatch. I reach over and push the button, releasing his seatbelt for him. He trips as he lunges out of the car, but catches himself with his hands and pushes himself back up and runs. What is he running from? My eyes follow him as he runs around the car next to us. He's gone. I can't see him. I lean my head back into the headrest and close my eyes. What the hell just happened?

"Lake!" I yell as soon as it hits me. I swing open the car door and get hung up in the seatbelt just like Gavin did. When I free myself, I run. I don't know where I'm running to. It's dark, it's snowing and there are cars everywhere. Headlights everywhere.

"Sir, are you okay? You need to sit down, you're hurt." A man grabs my arm and tries to pull me aside but I yank my arm away from him and keep running. There are pieces of glass and metal all over the highway. My eyes dart from one side of the road to the other, but I can't make anything out. I glance back to my car and to the space in front of us where Lake's car should be. My eyes follow the broken glass to the median on the right of the highway. I see it. Her car.

I break out in a run until I reach the car. Gavin is on the passenger side. He's pulling Eddie out of the car so I run around to help him. Her eyes are closed but she winces when I pull on her arm. She's okay. I glance inside the car but Lake's not there. Her driver's side door is wide open. A sense of relief washes over me when I realize she must be okay if she's able to walk away. My eyes dart to the backseat and I see Kiersten. As soon as Eddie is lying on the ground, I climb into the backseat and shake Kiersten.

"Kiersten," I say. She doesn't respond. She's got blood on her, but I'm not sure where it's coming from. "Kiersten!" I yell. She still doesn't respond. I take her wrist and hold it between my fingers. Gavin climbs into the backseat with me and sees me checking her pulse. He looks at me with terror in his eyes.

"She's got a pulse," I say. "Help me get her out." He unbuckles her seatbelt as I put my hands underneath her arms and pull her over the front seat. Gavin climbs out first and grabs her legs and helps me pull her out of the car. We lay her next to Eddie. Next to an ever-growing crowd of concerned bystanders. I glance at all of them, but none of them are Lake.

"Where the hell did she go?" I stand up and look around. "Stay with them," I tell Gavin. "I need to find Lake. She's probably looking for Kel."

Gavin nods.

I walk around several vehicles and pass the truck that hit them. What's left of the truck, anyway. There are several people surrounding it, talking to the driver inside, telling him to wait for help before he gets out. I'm in the middle of the highway, calling her name. Where did she go? I run back to my car and Kel and Caulder are both still inside.

"Is she okay?" Kel asks. "Is Layken okay?" He's crying.

"Yeah, I think so. She walked away...I just can't find her. You guys stay here, I'll be right back."

I finally hear sirens as I'm making my way back to Lake's car. When the emergency vehicles come closer, their flashing lights illuminate all the chaos...almost emphasizing it. I look at Gavin. He's hovering over Kiersten checking her pulse again. The sound of the sirens fade as I watch everyone around me move in slow motion.

All I can hear is the sound of my own breath.

An ambulance pulls up beside me and the lights slowly make their way in a circle...as if their job as lights is to display the perimeter of the damage. I follow along with my eyes as one of the red lights slowly illuminates across my car, then the car next to mine, then over the top of Lake's car, then on top of the truck that hit them, then across Lake lying in the snow. Lake! As soon as the red light circles further, it's dark and I don't see her anymore. I run.

I try to scream her name, but nothing comes out. There are people in my way, but I just shove past them. I keep running and running, but it feels like the distance between us keeps getting further and further away.

"Will!" I hear Gavin yell. He's off the ground and running after me.

When I finally reach her, she's just lying there in the snow with her eyes closed. There's blood on her head. So much blood. I tear off my jacket and throw it in the snow and remove my shirt. I begin wiping the blood off of her face with it, trying desperately to find her injuries.

"Lake! No, no, no. Lake, no." I touch her face with my hand, trying to gain some sort of reaction out of her. It's cold. She's so cold. As soon as I put my hands under her shoulders to pull her into my lap, someone pulls me back. Paramedics swarm her as I'm being pulled away from her. I can't see her anymore. I can't see her.

"Will!" Gavin yells. He's in my face. He's shaking me. "Will! We need to get to the hospital. They'll take her there. We need to go."

He's trying to push me away from her. I can't speak, so I shake my head and push him out of my way. I start to run back to them. Back to her. He pulls me back again. "Will, don't! Let them help her."

I turn around and shove him, then run back to her. They're moving her onto a gurney when I skid to a stop in the snow right next to her. "Lake!"

One of the paramedics pushes me back as the others lift her up and carry her to the ambulance. "I need in there!" I yell. "Let me in there!" The paramedic won't let me by as they shut the doors and tap on the glass. The ambulance pulls away. As soon as its lights fade into the distance, I fall to my knees.

I can't breathe.

I can't breathe.

I still can't breathe.

Thursday, January 26th, 2012.

Chapter Thirteen

When I open my eyes, I immediately have to close them again. It's so bright. I'm shaking. My whole body is shaking. Actually, it's not my body that's shaking at all. It's whatever I'm lying on that's shaking.

"Will? Are you okay?"

I hear Caulder's voice. I open my eyes and see him sitting next to me. We're in an ambulance. He's crying. I try to sit up to hug him, but someone pushes me back down.

"Be still, Sir. You've got a pretty bad gash I'm working on here."

I look at the person talking to me. It's the paramedic that was holding me back. "Is she okay?" I feel myself succumb to the panic again. "Where is she? Is she okay?"

He puts his hand on my shoulder to hold me still and places gauze over my eye. "I wish I knew something...but I don't. I'm sorry. I just know I need to get this injury of yours closed. We'll get more information when we get there."

I look around the ambulance but I don't see Kel. "Where's Kel?"

"They put him and Gavin in the other ambulance to check on them. They said we would see them at the hospital," Caulder says.

I lay my head back, close my eyes and pray.

***

As soon as the ambulance doors open and they pull me out, I jump off the gurney.

"Sir, get back here! You need stitches!"

I keep running. I glance back to make sure Caulder is following me. He is, so I keep running. When I get inside, Gavin and Kel are standing at the nurses' station. "Kel!" I yell. Kel runs up to me and hugs me. I pick him up and he wraps his arms around my neck. "Where are they?" I say to Gavin. "Where'd they take them?"

"I can't find anyone," Gavin says. He looks as panicked as I do. He sees a nurse round the corner and he runs up to her. "We're looking for three girls that were just brought here?"

She glances at all four of us, then walks around the desk to her computer. "Are you family?"

Gavin looks at me, then back at her. "Yes," he lies.

She eyes Gavin and picks up the phone. "The family is here," she says. She listens. "Yes, sir."

She hangs up the phone and stands up. "Follow me," she says. She leads us around the corner and into a room. "The Dr. will be with you as soon as possible." She turns and walks away.

I set Kel down in a chair. Caulder sits next to him. Gavin takes his jacket off and hands it to me. I look down and realize for the first time since I took it off, that I'm not even wearing a shirt. I pull the jacket on. Gavin and I pace the room. Several minutes pass and I can't take it anymore.

"I've got to find her," I say. I start to walk out of the room and Gavin pulls me back. "Just give it a minute, Will. If they try to find you, you won't be here. Just give it a minute."

I begin to pace again. Every now and then I lean down and hug Kel, who's still crying. He hasn't said anything. Not a single word.

She has to be okay. She has to.

I glance across the hall and see a restroom. I go inside and as soon as I shut the door behind me, I immediately get sick. I lean over the toilet as I vomit. When I think I'm finished, I wash my hands in the sink and rinse my mouth out. I grip the edges of the sink and take a deep breath, trying to calm down. I need to calm down for Kel. He doesn't need to see me like this.

When I look in the mirror, I don't even recognize myself. There's dried blood all over the side of my face. The bandage the paramedic placed on top of my eye is already saturated again. I grab a napkin and try to wipe some of the blood off. As I'm wiping, I find myself wishing I had some of Sherry's medicine.

Sherry. "Sherry!" I yell. I throw open the bathroom door. "Gavin! We have to call Sherry! Where's your phone?"

Gavin pats his pockets. "I think it's in my jacket," he says. "I need to call Joel."

I reach into his jacket and pull out his phone. "Shit! I don't know her number, it's in my phone."

"I know her number. Hand it to me, I'll dial it," Kel says. He wipes his eyes and reaches out for the phone, so I hand it to him. When he punches in the numbers and hands me the phone back, I suddenly feel sick again.

Sherry picks up on the second ring. "Hello?"

I can't speak. What am I supposed to say?

"Hello?" she says again.

"Sherry," I say. My voice cracks.

"Will?" she says. "Will? What's wrong?"

"Sherry," I say again. "We're at the hospital...they..."

"Will! Is she okay? Is Kiersten okay?"

I can't respond. I'm sick again. Gavin takes the phone from my hand and I run back to the bathroom.

***

There's a knock on the bathroom door a few minutes later. I'm sitting in the floor against the wall with my eyes closed. I don't respond to the knock. When the door opens, I look up. It's the paramedic.

"We've still got to get you stitched up," he says. "You've got a pretty bad cut." He reaches down and offers his hand. I take it and he pulls me up. I follow him down the hall and into an exam room where he instructs me to lie back on the table. "Your friend said you've had some nausea. You more than likely have a concussion. Stay here, the nurse will be here in a minute."

***

After I'm stitched up and given instructions on how to care for the apparent concussion I have, I'm told to go to the nurse's station to fill out paperwork. When I get to the nurse's station, the nurse grabs a clipboard and hands it to me. "Which patient is your wife?" she asks. I just stare at her.

"My wife?" Then it dawns on me that Gavin told her we were related to them. I guess it's better if they think that. I'll get more information that way. "Layken Cohen...Cooper. Layken Cooper."

"Fill out these forms and bring them back to me. And if you don't mind, take these forms to the other gentleman with you. What about the little girl? Is she related to you?"

I shake my head. "She's my neighbor. Her mother's on her way."

I grab the paperwork and head back to the waiting room.

"Any news?" I ask, handing Gavin his clipboard. Gavin just shakes his head.

"We've been here almost an hour! Where is everybody?" I throw my clipboard in the chair and sit down. Just as I land in the chair, a man in a white lab coat rounds the corner and walks toward us, followed by a frantic Sherry. I jump back up.

"Will!" she yells. She's crying. "Where is she? Where's Kiersten? Is she hurt?"

I walk to Sherry and put my arms around her, then look at the doctor for answers since I don't have any. He looks at Sherry. "Is the little girl who you're looking for?" he asks. Sherry nods. "She'll be okay. She's got a broken arm, but other than that she just got hit on the head pretty hard. We're still waiting on a few test results but you're welcome to go see her. I've just put her in room 212. If you'll head to the nurses' station she can direct you."

"Oh, thank god," I say. Sherry lets go of me and darts around the corner.

"Which one of you is with the other young lady?" he asks.

Gavin and I both look at each other. The doctor's singular reference makes my heart stop.

"There are two!" I yell, frantic. "There are two of them!"

He looks puzzled as to why I'm yelling at him. "I'm sorry," he says. "I was only brought the girl and a young lady. Sometimes when they go straight to surgery, they don't come to me first. I only have news on a young lady with the blond hair."

"Eddie! Is she okay?" Gavin asks.

"She's stable. They're still running some tests, so you can't go back yet."

"What about the baby? Is the baby okay?"

"That's why they're running tests, sir. I'll be back as soon as I know more."

He starts to walk away when I run after him and cut him off in the hallway. "Wait!" I say. "What about Lake? I haven't heard anything. Is she okay? Is she in surgery? Why is she in surgery?"

He looks at me with pity in his eyes. It makes me want to punch him.

"I'm sorry, sir. I only treated the other two. I'll do my best to find some answers and get back with you as soon as I can." He walks away in a hurry.

They're not telling me anything! They aren't telling me a damn thing! I lean against the wall of the hallway and slide down to the floor. I pull my knees up and rest my elbows on them and bury my face in my hands.

"Will?"

I look up and Kel is looking down at me.

"Why won't they just tell us if she's okay or not?"

I grab his hand and pull him to the floor with me. I put my arm around him and he hugs me back. I stroke his hair and kiss him on top of the head, because I know that's what Lake would do. "I don't know, Kel. I don't know." I hold him while he cries. As much as I want to scream; as much as I want to cry; as much as my world is crashing down around me...I have to hold it all in for this little boy. I can't even begin to imagine what he's feeling. How scared he must be. Lake is the only thing he has in this world. I hold him and kiss his head until he cries himself to sleep.

***

"Will?"

I look up and Sherry is standing over me. I start to stand up but she shakes her head and points at Kel who has fallen asleep in my lap. She sits down in the floor next to me.

"How's Kiersten?" I ask.

"She'll be okay. She's asleep. They may not even keep her overnight." She reaches over and strokes Kel's hair. "Gavin said you guys haven't heard anything about Layken yet?"

I shake my head. "It's been over an hour, Sherry." I turn my head and look at her. "Why aren't they telling me anything? They won't even tell me if she's..." I can't finish the sentence. I inhale a deep breath, trying my best to maintain my composure for Kel's sake.

"Will...if that were the case they would have told you so by now. It means they're doing everything they can."

I know she's just trying to help, but her statement hits me hard. I pick Kel up and carry him back to the waiting room and sit him in the chair next to Gavin.

"I'll be back," I say. I run down the hallway to the nurse's station, but naturally there isn't anyone there. The doors that lead to the emergency rooms stay locked, so they don't budge when I try to open them. I look around for someone. There are a few people staring at me in the general waiting area, but no one offers to assist me. I walk to the area behind the nurses' station and look around until I find the button that opens the doors. I press the button, then jump over the desk and run through the doors just as they open.

"Can I help you?" a nurse asks when I pass her in the hallway. I keep running. I round a corner and see a sign that says patient rooms to the right, surgery to the left. I turn left. As soon as I see the double doors that lead to the operating rooms, I hit the button on the wall to open them. Before they're even open far enough, I try to squeeze myself through them but a man pushes me back.

"You can't be in here," he says.

"No! I need in there!" I continue to try and shove past him.

He's a lot stronger than me. He pushes me against the wall and lifts his leg, kicking the button with his foot. The doors close behind him. "You aren't allowed in there," he says calmly. "Now who are you looking for?" He releases his grip on my arms and stands back.

"My girlfriend," I say. I'm out of breath. I lean forward and put my hands on my knees. "I need to know if she's okay."

"I've got a patient... a young lady who was just brought in about an hour ago. Is that who you're referring to?"

I nod. "Is she okay?"

He walks past me and leans against the wall next to me. He slides his hands into the pockets of his white coat and pulls one of his knees up, settling his foot against the wall behind him. "She's hurt. She has an epidural hematoma that's going to require immediate surgery."

"What is that? What does that mean? Will she be okay?"

"She experienced severe head trauma that has caused bleeding in her brain. It's too early to give you any more information at this point. Until we get her into surgery, we won't know the extent of her injuries. I was just coming to speak to the family. Do you need me to go relay this information to her parents?"

I shake my head. "She doesn't have any. She doesn't have anyone. I'm all she's got."

He straightens up and walks back to the doors and presses the button. He turns around just as they open. "What's your name?" he asks.

"Will."

He looks me in the eyes. "I'm Dr. Bradshaw," he says. "I'll do everything I can for her, Will. In the meantime, go back to the waiting room. I'll find you as soon as I know something." He turns and the doors close behind him.

I slide down to the floor. She's alive.

***

When I get back to the waiting room, Kel and Caulder are the only ones there.

"Where's Gavin?" I ask.

"Joel called. Gavin went outside to meet him," Caulder says.

"Did you hear anything?" Kel asks.

I nod. "She's in surgery."

"So she's alive? She's alive?" He jumps up and wraps his arms around me. I return his hug.

"She's alive," I whisper. I sit down and gently guide him back into his chair. "Kel, she's hurt pretty bad. It's too soon to know anything at this point...but they'll keep us updated, okay?" I reach over and grab a tissue from one of the many boxes of tissues scattered around the room and hand it to him. He wipes his nose.

We all sit there in silence. I close my eyes and think back to the conversation I just had with the doctor. Were there any hints in his expression? In his voice? I know he knows more than he's telling me, which scares the hell out of me. What if something happens to her? I can't think about it. I don't think about. She'll be okay. She has to be.

"Anything?" Gavin asks as he and Joel walk into the waiting room. "I had Joel grab you a shirt," he says, handing it to me.

"Thanks." I give Gavin his jacket and pull the shirt on. "Lake's in surgery. She's got a head injury. They don't know anything yet. That's all I know."

Gavin nods.

"What about Eddie?" I ask. "Have you heard anything else? Is the baby okay?"

Gavin looks at me wide-eyed.

Joel jumps up. "Baby?" he yells. "What the hell is he talking about, Gavin?"

Gavin stands up. "We were going to tell you, Joel. It's still so early...we...we haven't had a chance."

Joel storms out and Gavin follows after him.

I'm such an idiot.

"Can we go see Kiersten?" Kel asks.

I nod. "Don't stay too long. She needs her rest."

They both leave.

I'm alone. I close my eyes and lean my head against the wall. I take several deep breaths, but the pressure in my chest just keeps building and building and building. I try to keep holding it all in. I try to hold it in just like Lake does. I can't. I bring my hands to my face and break down. I don't just cry. I sob. I wail. I scream.

Thursday or Friday, January 26th or 27th, 2012

Now that I have you back, I'm never letting you go. That's a promise. I'm not letting you go again.

Chapter Fourteen

I'm in the bathroom splashing water on my face when I hear someone talking outside the door. I swing it open to see if it's the doctor, but it's just Gavin and Joel. I start to shut the door again when Gavin reaches his hand in and stops me.

"Will, your grandparents are here. They're looking for you."

"My grandparents? Who called them?"

"I did," he says. "I thought maybe they could take Kel and Caulder for you."

I step out of the bathroom. "Where are they?"

"Around the corner," he says.

I walk around the corner and see my grandparents standing in the hallway. My grandfather has his coat folded over his hands. He's saying something to my grandmother when he catches a glimpse of me.

"Will!" They both run toward me.

"Are you okay?" my grandmother says, brushing her fingers against the bandages on my forehead. I pull my head away from her.

"I'm fine," I say.

She hugs me. "Have you heard anything?"

I shake my head. I'm getting really tired of this question.

"Where are the boys?"

"They're up in Kiersten's room," I say.

"Kiersten? She was involved, too?"

I nod.

"Will, the nurse is asking about paperwork. They need it. Have you finished filling it out yet?" my grandfather says.

I shake my head. "I haven't started it yet. I don't feel like doing paperwork right now." I begin walking back to the waiting room. I need to sit down.

Gavin and Joel are seated in the waiting room again. I guess Joel is temporarily carving pumpkins regarding Eddie's pregnancy. Gavin looks awful. I didn't notice before, but his arm is in a sling.

"You okay?" I ask, nudging my head in the direction of the sling.

"Yeah."

I sit down and prop my legs up on the table in front of me and lean my head against the back of the chair. My grandparent's take the seats on the wall opposite of me. Everyone's staring at me. I feel like they're all waiting on me. I don't know what they're waiting on. Waiting for me to cry, maybe? To yell? To hit something?

"What!" I yell at all of them. My grandmother flinches. I immediately feel guilty, but I don't apologize. I close my eyes and inhale a deep breath, trying to figure out the order of events. I remember talking to Gavin about Eddie, and I remember Gavin yelling. I even remember slamming on the brakes, but I can't remember why. I can't remember anything after that...up to opening my eyes in the car.

I bring my legs off the table and turn to Gavin. "What happened, Gavin? I don't remember."

He makes a face like he's tired of explaining. He explains it anyway, though. "A truck crossed the median and hit their car. You slammed on your brakes, so we weren't involved in that wreck. But when you slammed on your brakes, we were hit from behind. It knocked us into the ditch. As soon as I got out of the car, I ran to Layken's car. I saw her get out so I thought she was okay...that's when I went to check on Eddie."

"So you saw her? She got out on her own? She wasn't thrown from the car?"

He shakes his head. "No, I think she was confused and must have passed out. But I saw her walking."

I don't know if the fact that she got out on her own even makes a difference, but it somehow eases my mind a little. My grandfather leans forward in his chair and looks at me.

"Will. I know you don't want to deal with it right now, but they need as much information as you can give them. They don't even know her name. They need to know if she's allergic to anything. Does she have insurance? If you give them her social security number, they may be able to figure a lot of this out."

I sigh. "I don't know. I don't know if she has insurance. I don't know her social. I don't know if she's allergic to anything. She hasn't got anyone but me, and I don't know a damn thing!" I lay my head in my hands, almost ashamed of the fact that Lake and I have never even discussed any of this before. Didn't we learn anything? Didn't I learn anything from my parent's death? From Julia's death? Here I am, possibly facing my past head-on again...unprepared and overwhelmed.

My grandfather walks over to me and wraps his arms around me. "I'm sorry, Will. We'll figure it out."

***

Another hour passes with no word. Not even about Eddie. Joel goes with my grandparents to take Kel and Caulder to the cafeteria for food. Gavin stays with me.

I guess Gavin gets tired of sitting in the chairs because he gets up and lays down in the floor. It looks like a good idea, so I do the same thing. I put my hands under my head and raise my feet up into a chair.

"I'm trying not to think about it, Will. But if the baby isn't okay...Eddie..."

I hear the fear in his voice. He can't even finish his sentence.

"Gavin...stop. Stop thinking about it. Let's just think about something else for a while. We'll drive ourselves insane if we don't."

"Yeah..." he says.

We're both silent, so I know we're both still thinking about it. I try to think about anything else.

"I kicked Reece out this morning," I say, doing my best tear our minds away from reality.

"Why? I thought you guys were best friends," he says. He sounds relieved to be talking about something else, too.

"We used to be. Things change. People change. People get new best friends," I say.

"That they do."

We're both quiet again for a while. My mind starts drifting back to Lake, so I reel myself back in. "I punched him," I say. "Right in the jaw. It was beautiful. I wish you could've seen it."

Gavin laughs. "Good. I never have liked him."

"I'm not so sure I did, either," I say. "It's just one of those things where you feel obligated to the friendship, I guess."

"Those are the worst kind," he says.

We're silent again. Every now and then, one of us will lift our head when we hear someone walk by. We eventually become too tired to even do that. I begin to drift off to sleep when I'm sucked back into reality.

"Sir?" someone says from the doorway. Gavin and I both jump up.

"She's in a room now," the nurse says to Gavin. "You can go see her. Room 207."

"She's okay? Is the baby okay?"

The nurse nods at him and smiles.

And he's gone. Just like that.

The nurse turns to me. "Dr. Bradshaw wanted me to let you know they're still in surgery. He doesn't have any updates yet, but we'll let you know as soon as we find something out."

"Thank you," I say.

***

My grandparent's eventually come back with Kel and Caulder. My grandfather and Kel are trying to fill out the paperwork for Lake as best they can. There aren't any questions on the form I could answer that Kel doesn't already know the answer to. They leave most of the questions blank. My grandfather walks the forms to the nurses' station and returns with a box.

"These are some of the personal items that were found in the vehicles," he says to me. "Take what's yours and Layken's and leave the rest in the box. I'll take it back."

I lean forward and look inside the box. My satchel is on top, so I pull it out. Lake's purse is there. So are my cell phone and my jacket. I don't see her phone, though. That doesn't mean anything...she probably just lost it again. I open her purse and pull out her wallet and hand it to my grandfather.

"Look in there. She might have an insurance card or something."

He takes the wallet out of my hands and opens it. They must have already given Eddie's things to Gavin, because there's nothing left in the box.

"It's late," my grandmother says. "We'll take the boys home with us so they can get some rest. Do you need anything before we go?" she says.

"I don't want to go," Kel says.

"Kel, sweetie. You need some rest. There isn't anywhere you can sleep here," she says.

Kel looks at me and silently pleads.

"He can stay with me," I say.

My grandmother picks up her purse and coat. I follow them out and walk down the hall with them. When we get to the end of the hallway I stop and give Caulder a hug. "I'll call you as soon as I find out anything," I say to him. My grandparents hug me goodbye and they leave. My entire family leaves.

***

I'm almost asleep when I feel someone shaking my shoulder. I jerk up and look around, hoping someone's here with some news. It's just Kel.

"I'm thirsty," he says.

I look down at my watch. It's after midnight now. Why haven't they told me anything yet? I reach into my pocket and take out my wallet. "Here," I say, handing him some cash. "Bring me a coffee." Kel takes the money and leaves, just as Gavin walks back into the room. He looks at me for answers, but I just shake my head letting him know I still don't know anything. He sits down in the seat next to me.

"So Eddie's okay?" I ask.

"Yeah. She's bruised up, but she's okay," he says.

We're both quiet for a while. I'm too tired to make small talk. Gavin fills the silent void.

"She's further along than we thought she was," he says. "She's about sixteen weeks. They let us see the baby on a monitor. They're pretty sure it's a girl."

"Oh yeah?" I say. I'm still not sure how Gavin feels about the whole thing, so I refrain from congratulating him. Doesn't feel like a good situation for congratulations right now, anyway.

"I saw her heart beating," he says.

"Whose? Eddies?"

He shakes his head and smiles at me. "No. My baby girl's." His eyes tear up and he looks away.

I smile. "Congratulations."

Kel walks into the room with two coffees. He hands me one and plops down in the chair and takes a sip of the other.

"Are you drinking coffee?" I ask him.

He nods. "Don't try to take it from me, either. I'll run."

I laugh. "Okay, then," I say. I bring the coffee up to my mouth but before I take a sip, Dr. Bradshaw walks in. I jump up and the coffee splashes on my shirt. Or Joel's shirt. Or Gavin's. Whoever the hell's shirt I have on, it's got coffee all over it now.

"Will? Walk with me?" Dr. Bradshaw nudges his head toward the hallway.

"Wait here Kel, I'll be right back." I set the coffee down on the table and walk out.

We walk to the end of the hallway before he says anything. I have to brace myself against the wall...I feel like I'm about to collapse.

"She made it through surgery, but we aren't close to being in the clear yet. She had a lot of bleeding. Some swelling. I did what I could without having to remove a portion of her parietal bone...now all we can do is watch and wait."

My heart is pounding against my chest. It's hard to pay attention when I have a million questions on the tip of my tongue. "What is it we're waiting for? If she made it this far, what are the dangers?"

He leans against the wall next to me. We're both staring at our feet, almost like he's trying to avoid looking me in the eyes. I know he has to hate this part of his job. I hate this part of his job. That's why I don't look him in the eyes...I feel like maybe it takes the pressure off of him.

"We don't exactly know the extent of the injuries. We won't know until we can run scans, but for right now, we're keeping her under anesthesia. Hopefully by morning we'll have more of an idea of what we're dealing with."

"Can I see her?"

He sighs. "Not yet. She's in recovery throughout the night. I'll let you know as soon as they take her to ICU." He stands up and puts his hands into the pockets of his lab coat. "Do you have any more questions, Will?"

I look him in the eyes. "A million," I reply.

He takes my response as it was rhetorically intended and he walks away.

***

When I walk back into the room, Gavin is still sitting with Kel. Kel jumps up and rushes to me. "Is she okay?"

"She's out of surgery," I say. "But they still won't know anything until tomorrow."

"Know anything about what?" Kel asks.

I sit down and motion for Kel to sit down next to me. I pause for a moment so I can find the right words. I want to tell him in a way he'll understand. "When she hit her head, she hurt her brain, Kel. Until they can do scans, they won't know if there's any damage, or how bad it is."

Gavin stands up. "I'll go tell Eddie. She's been hysterical," Gavin says.

When he leaves the room I soak in the moment. I feel like a weight should be lifted off of my shoulders after finally getting answers, but it doesn't feel that way at all. It feels worse. I feel so much worse. I just want to see her.

"Will?" Kel says.

"Yeah?" I reply. I'm too tired to even look at him. I can't even keep my eyes open.

"What'll happen to me? If....she can't take care of me? Where will I go?"

I manage to open my eyes and look at him. As soon as we make eye contact, he starts crying. I lean over and wrap my arms around him and put his head against my chest. "You aren't going anywhere, Kel. We're in this together. You and me." I pull back and look him in the eyes. "I mean it. No matter what happens..."

Friday, January 27th, 2012

Kel,

I don't know what's about to happen in our lives. I wish I did. God, I wish I did.

I was lucky enough to be nineteen when I lost my parents; you were only nine. That's a lot of growing up left to do for a little boy without a dad.

But whatever happens...whichever road we have to take when we leave this hospital...we're taking it together.

I'll do my best to help you finish growing up with the closest thing to a dad you can have. I'll do my absolute best.

I don't know what's about to happen in our lives. I wish I did. God, I wish I did.

But whatever happens, I'll love you. I can promise you that.

Chapter Fifteen

"Will."

I try to open my eyes, but only one of them opens. I'm in the floor again. I close my eye before my entire head explodes.

"Will, wake up."

I sit up and run my hands along the chairs next to me, pulling myself into one by the arm. I still can't open my other eye. I shield the fluorescent lights with my hands and turn my head toward the voice.

"Will, I need you to listen to me."

I finally recognize the voice as Sherry. "I'm listening," I whisper. It feels like if I spoke in any louder of a tone, it would be too painful. My whole head hurts. I bring my hand to the bandage over my eye, then to my eye. It's swollen. No wonder I can't open it.

"I'm having the nurse bring you some medicine. You need to eat something. They aren't keeping Kiersten so we're going home soon. I'll be back for Kel after I get her into the car. I'll bring him back up here during the day, I just think he needs some rest. Is there anything you need from your house? Besides a change of clothes?"

I shake my head. It hurts less than actually speaking.

"Okay. Call me if you think of anything."

"Sherry," I say just as she exits. When I say her name, I realize nothing audible even comes out of my mouth. "Sherry!" I say louder. When I say it, I wince. Why does my head hurt so bad?

She comes back to the door.

"There's a vase in my cabinet. Above the fridge. I need it."

She acknowledges what I said with a nod and turns to leave again.

"Kel," I say, shaking him awake. "I'm going to get something to drink. Do you want anything?"

He nods. "Coffee."

He must not be a morning person...just like his sister. When I pass the nurses' station, one of the nurse's calls my name. I back step and she holds out her hand. "These will help your head," she says. "Your mother said you needed them."

I laugh. My mother. I pop the pills into my mouth and swallow them and head to find coffee. The double doors in the lobby open as I pass them, sending a swarm of cold air around me. I stop and look outside, then decide some fresh air might do me some good. I take seat on a bench under the awning. Everything's so white. The snow is still falling. I wonder how bad our driveways will be by the time we get back home?

I don't know how it happens; how the thought even creeps its way into my head...but for a second I wonder what would happen to everything in Lake's house if she dies. She doesn't have any family to finalize anything for her. To finalize her banks accounts, her bills, her insurance, her possessions. We aren't related and Kel's only eleven. Would they even let me do that for her? Would I even legally be allowed? Am I even legally allowed to keep Kel? As soon as the thoughts register in my mind, I force them back. It's pointless thinking like this, because it isn't going to happen. I get pissed at myself for letting my mind get carried away, so I head back inside to get the coffee.

***

When I return to the waiting room, Dr. Bradshaw is sitting with Kel. They don't notice me right away. He's telling Kel a story. Kel's laughing, so I don't interrupt him. It's nice to hear Kel laugh. I stand outside the door and listen.

"Then when my mother told me to go get the box to bury the cat, I told her there was no need. I'd already brought him back to life," Dr. Bradshaw says. "It was that moment, after I resuscitated that kitten, I knew I wanted to be a doctor when I grew up."

"So you saved the kitten?" Kel asks him.

Dr. Bradshaw laughs. "No. He died again a few minutes later. But I had already made up my mind by then," he says.

Kel laughs. "Well, at least you didn't want to be a veterinarian."

"No, clearly I'm not cut out for animals."

"Any news?" I walk into the room and hand Kel his coffee. Dr. Bradshaw stands up.

"We've still got her under anesthesia. We were able to run some tests. I'm still waiting on the results, but you can see her for a few minutes."

"Now? We can see her? Right now?" I'm gathering up my things as I reply.

"Will...I can't let anyone else in," he says. He looks down at Kel, then back at me. "She still hasn't been moved from recovery yet...I'm not even supposed to let you in. But I'm doing some rounds and thought I'd let you walk with me."

I look at Kel. I want to beg Dr. Bradshaw to let me take Kel with us, but I know he's already doing me a huge favor. "Kel, if I'm not back before you leave with Sherry, I'll call you."

He nods. I expect him to argue about not getting to go with me, but I think he understands. The fact that he's being so reasonable fills me with a sense of pride. I bend over and hug him and kiss him on top of the head. "I'll call you. As soon as I hear anything, I'll call you." He nods again. I reach over and grab something from my satchel, then turn back toward the door.

I follow Dr. Bradshaw past the nurse's station, through the doors and down the hall to the double doors that lead to the surgery area. Before we go any further, he takes me into a room where we both wash our hands. When we get to her door, I can barely catch my breath. I'm so nervous. My heart is about to explode through my chest.

"Will...you need to know a few things first. She's on a ventilator to help her breathe, but only because we've got her in a medically-induced coma. There's no chance of her waking up right now with the amount of medicine we're giving her. Most of her head is bandaged. She looks worse than she feels...we're keeping her comfortable. I'll allow you a few minutes with her, but that's all I can give you right now. Understand?"

I nod.

He pushes open the door and lets me in.

As soon as I see her, I struggle to breathe. It's like all of the air is knocked from my lungs when the reality of the moment hits me. The ventilator sucks in a rush of air and releases it again. With each repetitive sound of the machine, it's like my hope is being pushed out of me.

I walk to her bed and take her hand. It's cold. I kiss her forehead. I kiss it a million times. I just want to lay down with her, hug her. There are too many wires and tubes and cords running everywhere. I pull the chair up next to the bed and interlock her fingers with mine. It's getting hard to see her through my tears, so I have to wipe my eyes on my shirt. She looks so peaceful...like she's just taking a nap.

"I love you, Lake," I whisper. I kiss her hand.

"I love you," I whisper again.

"I love you."

The covers are pulled tightly around her and she's got a hospital gown on. Her head is wrapped in a bandage but most of her hair is hanging down around her neck. I'm relieved they didn't cut all of her hair. She'd be pissed. The ventilator tube is taped over her mouth, so all I can do is kiss her cheek. I know she can't hear me, but I talk to her anyway.

"Lake, you have to pull through this. You have to." I stroke her hand. "I can't live without you." I turn her hand over and kiss her palm, then press it against my cheek. The feel of her skin against mine is surreal. For a moment, I wasn't sure if I'd ever feel it again. I close my eyes and I kiss her palm again and again. I sit there and cry and kiss the only parts of her I can over and over.

"Will," Dr. Bradshaw says. "We need to go now."

I stand up and kiss her on the forehead. I take a step back, then take a step forward again and kiss her hand. I take two steps back, then walk two steps toward her again and kiss her cheek.

Dr. Bradshaw takes my arm. "Will, we need to go."

I turn around and take a few steps toward the door. "Wait," I say. I put my hand in my pocket. I pull out her purple hair clip and walk back to her bed. I open her hand and place it in her palm and close her fingers over it, then kiss her on the forehead again before we leave.

***

The rest of the morning drags by. Kel left with Sherry. Eddie was discharged. She wanted to stay with me but Gavin and Joel wouldn't let her. All I can do now is wait. Wait and think. Think and wait. That's all I can do. That's all I do.

I wander the halls for a while. I can't keep sitting in that waiting room. I've spent way too much of my life in there....and in this hospital. I was here for six solid days after my parent's died when I stayed with Caulder. I don't remember much from those six days. We were both in a daze, not really believing what was happening. Caulder hit his head in the wreck and broke his arm. I'm not sure his injuries were near extensive enough to warrant six days in the hospital, but the staff seemed like they didn't feel comfortable just letting us go. Two orphans, into the wild.

Caulder was only seven at the time so the hardest part was all the questions he had. I couldn't get it through to him that we weren't going to see them again. I think that six day hospital stay is why I hate pity so much. Every single person that spoke to me felt sorry for me, and I could see it in their eyes. I could hear it in their voices.

I was here with Lake for two months off and on when Julia was sick. When Kel and Caulder would stay at my grandparents, Lake and I would stay here with Julia. Lake stayed most nights, in fact. When Kel wasn't with me, he was here with them. By the end of Julia's first week here, Lake and I ended up bringing a blow-up mattress. Hospital furniture is the worst. They asked us to remove the mattress from the room a few times. Instead, we would just deflate it every morning and then blow it up again every night. We noticed they weren't so quick to ask us to remove it when we were asleep on it.

Out of all the nights I've spent here, there's something different about it this time. Something worse. Maybe it's the absence of finality...the lack of knowledge. At least after my parent's had died and Caulder was here, I didn't question anything. I knew they were dead. I knew Caulder was going to be okay. Even with Julia we knew her death was inevitable. We weren't left with questions while we waited...we knew what was happening. But this time...this time is much harder. It's so hard not knowing.

***

As soon as I begin to doze off, Dr. Bradshaw walks in. I sit up in my chair, but he takes a seat next to me so I don't stand.

"We've moved her to a room in ICU. You'll be able to visit her in an hour during visiting hours. The scans look good. We'll try easing her off the anesthesia over time and see what happens. It's still touch and go, Will. Anything can happen at this point. Getting her to respond to us is our priority now."

I can feel the relief wash over me, but a new sense of worry creeps in just as fast. "Does..." It feels like my throat is squeezed shut when I try to speak. I grab my bottle of water off the table in front of me and take a drink, then try again to speak. "Does she have a chance? At recovery?"

He sighs. "I can't answer that. The brain is the most delicate organ in the body. Right now the scans show normal activity, but that may not mean anything when it comes to trying to wake her up. Then again, it could mean she'll be perfectly fine. Until that moment, we won't know." He stands up. "She's in room five in ICU. Wait until one o'clock before you head down there."

I nod. "Thank you."

As soon as I hear him round the corner, I grab my things and run as fast as I can in the opposite direction to ICU. The nurse doesn't ask any questions when I walk in. I act like I know exactly what I'm doing and head straight to room five.

There aren't as many wires this time. She's still hooked up to the ventilator and she's got an I.V. in her left wrist. I walk around to the right side of her bed and pull the rail down. I climb into the bed with her and wrap my arm around her and lay my leg over her legs. I take her hand in mine and I close my eyes...

***

"Will," Sherry says. I jerk my eyes open and she's standing on the other side of Lake's bed.

I stretch my arms out above my head. "Hey," I whisper.

"I brought you some clothes. And your vase. Kel was still asleep, so I just let him sleep. I hope that's okay. I'll bring him back later when he wakes up."

"Yeah, that's fine. What time is it?"

She looks at her watch. "Almost five," she says. "The nurse said you've been asleep for a couple of hours."

I push my elbow into the bed and lift myself up. My arm is asleep. I slide off the bed and stand up and stretch again.

"You do realize visitors are only allowed fifteen minutes," she says. "They must like you."

I laugh. "I'd like to see them try to kick me out," I say. I walk over to the chair and sit. The worst thing about hospitals is the furniture. The beds are too small for two people. The chairs are too hard for any people. And there's never a recliner. If they would just have a recliner, I might not detest it so much.

"Have you eaten anything today?" she asks.

I shake my head.

"Come downstairs with me. I'll buy you something to eat."

"I can't. I don't want to leave her," I say. "They've been reducing her meds. She could wake up."

"Well, you need to eat. I'll grab you something and bring it back up."

"Thanks," I say.

"You should at least take a shower. You've got dried blood all over you. It's gross." She smiles at me and starts to head out the door.

"Sherry. Don't bring me a hamburger, okay?"

She laughs.

After she's gone, I stand up and walk to the vase. I take out a star and crawl back in the bed with Lake. "This one's for you, Babe." I unfold the star and read it.

"Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night."

I roll my eyes. "Jesus, Julia! Now's not the time to be funny!" I reach over and grab another star, then lay back down again.

"Let's try this again, Babe."

"Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will."

~Mahatma Gandhi

I lean over and whisper in her ear. "You hear that, Lake? Indomitable will. That's one of the things I love about you."

***

I must have fallen asleep again. The nurse shakes me awake. "Sir, can you step outside for a moment?"

"Is everything okay?" I stand up just when Dr. Bradshaw walks into the room. "Is she okay?" I ask him.

"We're removing the ventilator now. The anesthesia is wearing off so she's not getting anything other than the pain medicine she's getting through her I.V." He walks over to the bed and raises the rail back up. "Just step outside for a few minutes. I promise we'll let you back in," he smiles.

He's smiling. This is good. They're taking her off the ventilator. This is good. He's looking me in the eyes. This is good. I step outside and impatiently wait.

I pace the hallway for fifteen minutes before he emerges from the room. "Her vitals look fine. She's breathing on her own. Now we wait," he says. He pats me on the shoulder and turns to leave.

I go back in the room and crawl back in the bed with her. I put my ear to her mouth and listen to her breathe. It's the most beautiful sound in the world. I kiss her. Of course I kiss her. I kiss her a million times.

***

Sherry made me take a shower when she got back with our food. Gavin and Eddie showed up around six o'clock and stayed for an hour. Eddie cried the whole time so Gavin got worried and made her leave again. Sherry came back with Kel before visiting hours were over. He didn't cry, but I think he was upset seeing her like this, so they didn't stay long. I've been giving my grandmother hourly updates, although nothing has changed.

Now it's somewhere around midnight and I'm just sitting here. Waiting. Thinking. Waiting and thinking. I keep imagining I see her toe move. Or her finger. It's driving me crazy so I just stop watching. I start thinking about everything that happened Thursday night. Our cars. Where are our cars? I should probably be calling the insurance company. What about school? I missed school today. Or was it yesterday? I don't even know if it's Saturday yet. I probably won't be in school next week, either. I should figure out who Lake's professors are and let them know she won't be there. I should probably let my professors know, too. And the elementary. What do I tell them? I don't know when the boys will go back. If Lake is still in the hospital next week, I know Kel won't want to go to school. But he just missed an entire week of school. He can't miss very many more days. And what about Caulder? Where are Kel and Caulder going to stay while Lake and I are here? I'm not leaving this hospital without Lake. I may not even leave with Lake if I don't figure out what to do about a car. My car. Where is my car?

"Will."

I glance to the door. No one's there. Now I'm hearing things. Too many thoughts are jumbled up in my head right now. I wonder if Sherry left me any of her medicine? I bet she did. She probably snuck it in my bag.

"Will."

I jerk up in my seat and look at Lake. Her eyes are closed. She isn't moving. I know I heard my name. I know I did! I rush to her and touch her face. "Lake?"

She flinches. She flinches! "Lake!"

Her lips part and she says it again. "Will?"

She squints her eyes. She's trying to open them. I flick the light switch off, then pull the string to the overhead light until it turns off. I know how much these fluorescent lights hurt.

"Lake," I whisper. I pull the rail down and climb back into the bed with her. I kiss her lips. I kiss her forehead. "Don't try to talk if it hurts. You're okay. I'm right here. You're okay." She moves her hand so I take it in mine. "Can you feel my hand?"

She nods her head. It's not much of a nod, but it's a nod.

"You're okay," I say. I keep saying it over and over until I'm crying. "You're okay."

The door to her room opens and a nurse walks in.

"She said my name!"

She looks up at me, then rushes back out of the room to get Dr. Bradshaw.

"Get up, Will," he says when he walks into the room. "Let us run some tests. We'll let you back in soon."

"She said my name," I say as I slide off the bed. "She said my name!"

He smiles at me. "Go outside."

And so I do. For over half an hour. No one has left the room and no one has entered and it's been half a freakin' hour. I knock on the door and the nurse cracks it open. I try to peek past her but she doesn't open the door far enough. "Just a few more minutes," she says.

I contemplate calling everyone but I don't. I just need to make sure I wasn't hearing things, but I know she heard me. She spoke to me. She moved.

Dr. Bradshaw opens the door and steps outside. The nurses follow him out the door.

"I heard her, right? She's okay? She said my name!"

"Calm down, Will. You need to calm down. They won't let you stay in here if you keep freaking out like this."

Calm down? He has no idea just how calm I'm being!

"She's responding," he says. "Her physical responses were all good. She doesn't remember what happened. She may not remember a lot of stuff right away. She needs rest, Will. I'll let you back inside, but you'll need to let her rest."

"Okay, I will. I promise. I swear."

"I know. Now go," he says.

When I open the door, she's facing me. She smiles a really pathetic, painful-looking smile.

"Hey," I whisper. I walk to her bed and stroke her cheek.

"Hey," she whispers back.

"Hey."

"Hey," she says again.

"Hey."

"Stop it," she says. She tries to laugh but it hurts her. She closes her eyes.

I pull down the rail and crawl back into the bed with her. I take her hand in mine and I bury my face in the crevice between her shoulder and her neck...and I cry.

***

For the next few hours she goes in and out of consciousness, just like Dr. Bradshaw said she would. Every time she wakes up she says my name. Every time she says my name I tell her to close her eyes and get some rest. Every time I tell her to close her eyes and get some rest, she does.

Dr. Bradshaw comes in a few times to check on her. They lower the dose in the I.V. one more time so she can stay awake for longer periods. I decide not to call anyone yet. It's still too early and I don't want everyone bombarding her right now. I just want her to rest.

It's almost seven in the morning and I'm walking out of the bathroom when she finally says something besides my name.

"What happened?" she says.

I pull a chair up beside her bed. She's rolled over onto her left side so I rest my chin on the bedrail and stroke her arm as I face her. "We had a wreck."

She looks confused, then a look of terror washes over her. "The kids..."

"Everyone's fine," I reassure her. "Everyone's okay."

She breathes a sigh of relief. "When? What day was it? What day is it?"

"It's Saturday. It happened Thursday night. What's the last thing you remember?"

She closes her eyes. I reach up and pull the string to the light above her bed and it flicks off. I don't know why they keep turning it on. What hospital patient wants a fluorescent light three feet from their head?

"I remember going to the slam, she says. "I remember your poem...but that's all.. That's all I can remember." She opens her eyes again and looks at me. "Did I forgive you?"

I laugh. "Yes, you forgave me. And you love me. A bunch."

She smiles. "Good."

"You were hurt, Babe. They had to take you into surgery."

"I know. The doctor told me that much."

I stroke her cheek with the back of my hand. "I'll tell you everything that happened later, okay? Right now you need to rest. I'm going outside to call everyone. Kel's worried sick. Eddie, too. I'll be back, okay?"

She nods and closes her eyes again. I lean forward and kiss her on the forehead. "I love you, Lake." I grab my phone off the table and stand up.

"Again," she whispers.

"I love you."

***

Visiting hours are strictly enforced once everyone starts to arrive. They make me wait in the waiting room just like everyone else. Only one person is allowed in at a time. Eddie and Gavin got here first, so Eddie's with her right now. Kel shows up with Sherry about the same time my grandparent's show up with Caulder.

"Can I go see her?" Kel asks.

"Absolutely. She keeps asking for you. Eddie's with her right now. It's ICU so she can only have visitors for fifteen minutes but you're next."

"So she's talking? She's okay? She remembers me?"

"Yeah. She's perfect," I say.

Grandpaul walks over to Kel and puts his hand on his shoulder. "Come on Grandkel, we'll get you some breakfast before you go see her."

My grandparent's take Kel and Caulder to the cafeteria. I tell them to bring me something back...I finally have an appetite now.

"Do you need me and Eddie to stay at your house with the boys for a few days?" Gavin asks.

"No. Not right now, anyway. My grandparents are keeping them for a couple of days. I don't want them to miss a lot of school, though."

"They can stay with me," Sherry says. "I'm sending Kiersten back to school on Wednesday. If your grandparents have them home Tuesday they can stay with me until they discharge Layken."

"Thanks, guys," I say to both of them.

Eddie walks around the corner. She's wiping at her eyes and sniffing. I sit up in my chair and Gavin stands up and grabs Eddie's arm and guides her to a seat. She looks up at him and rolls her eyes. "Gavin, I'm four months pregnant...quit treating me like I'm an invalid."

Once she's seated, Gavin takes the seat next to her. "I'm sorry, Babe. I just worry about you." He leans forward and kisses her stomach. "Both of you."

Eddie smiles and kisses him on the cheek.

It's good to see he's accepted his new role as a Dad. I know they've got a lot of hurdles ahead of them, but I have faith that they'll make it. I guess Lake and I could start recycling all the stars we open for them, just in case they need them.

"How's Lake feeling?" I ask.

Eddie shrugs. "Like shit," she says. "But she did just have her head cut open, so that's understandable. I told her all about the wreck. She felt kind of bad once she found out she was the one driving. I told her it wasn't her fault, but she still said she wishes you were driving. That way she could blame her injuries on you."

I laugh. "She can blame them on me anyway if it makes her feel better."

"We're coming back this afternoon," Eddie says as she stands up and grabs Gavin's hand. "She really needs some TLC in the makeup department. Is two o'clock okay? Does anyone have that time slot yet?"

I shake my head. "See you guys at two."

Before they leave, Eddie walks over and gives me a hug. An unusually long hug.

After her and Gavin walk out, I look down at my watch. Kel will see her next, then Sherry. My grandmother may want to go see her. I guess I'll have to wait until after lunch before they'll let me back in.

"You've got great friends," Sherry says.

I raise my eyebrows at her. "You don't think they're weird? Most people think my friends are weird."

"Yeah, I do. That's why they're great," she says.

I smile and scoot down in my seat until my head is resting against the back of the chair and I close my eyes. "You're pretty weird yourself, Sherry."

She laughs. "You, too."

I can't get comfortable in the chair, so I resort to lying in the floor again. I stretch my arms out above my head and sigh. The floor is actually starting to feel comfortable. Now that I know Lake's okay, I'm starting not to despise this hospital as much.

"Will?" Sherry says.

I open my eyes and look at her. She's not looking at me, though. She's got her legs crossed in the chair and she's picking at the seam of her jeans.

"What's up?" I reply.

She looks at me and smiles. "You did a great job," she says quietly. "I know it was hard calling me about Kiersten. And taking care of the boys during all of this. How you've handled everything with Layken. You're too young to have so much responsibility, but you're doing a good job. I hope you know that. Your mom and dad would be proud."

I close my eyes and inhale. I didn't know how much I needed to hear that until this very second. Sometimes it feels good to have your biggest fears discounted with a simple compliment. "Thank you."

She gets out of the chair and lies down next to me in the floor. I look over at her and her eyes are closed, but it looks like she's trying not to cry. I look away and don't draw attention to it. Sometimes women just need to cry.

We're quiet for a little while. She blows out a deep breath, like she's trying to choke back tears. "He was killed a year later. A year after he proposed. In a car wreck," she says.

I realize she's telling me the story about Jim. I roll over and face her, resting my head on my elbow. I don't really know what to say, so I don't say anything.

"I'm okay," she says. She looks at me and smiles. This time it seems like she's trying not to pity herself. "It's been a long time. I love my family and wouldn't trade them for the world. But sometimes it's still hard. Times like these..."

She pulls herself up and sits Indian style in the floor. She begins to pick at the seam of her pants again. "I was so scared for you, Will. I was scared she wouldn't make it. Seeing you go through that was hard for me and it brought back a lot of memories. That's why I haven't been up here very much."

I understand the expression in her eyes, and the heartache in her voice. I understand it, and I hate it for her. "It's okay," I say. "I didn't expect you to stay. You had Kiersten to worry about."

"I know you didn't expect me to stay. I wouldn't have even been any help. But I worry about you. I worry about all of you. Kel, Caulder, you, Layken. Now I even like your damn weird friends and I'm gonna have to worry about them, too," she laughs.

I smile at her. "It's nice to be worried about, Sherry. Thank you."

Sunday, January 29th, 2012.

I've learned something about my heart.

It can break.

It can be ripped apart.

It can harden and freeze.

It can stop. Completely.

It can shatter into a million pieces.

It can explode.

It can die.

The only thing that made it start beating again?

The moment you opened your eyes.

Chapter Sixteen

All the visits wear Lake out and she sleeps the majority of the afternoon. She slept through Eddie's second visit, which is probably good for Lake's sake. The nurse brought her soup at dinnertime and she sipped most of it. It was the first thing she ate since Thursday.

She asked more questions about everything that happened the night of the wreck. She mostly wanted to know all about her forgiving me and us making up. I told her everything that happened after I performed. For the most part I was honest, but I may have thrown in a more climactic make-out scene for added emphasis.

***

It's Sunday and the fact that she's in the hospital doesn't deter her from her routine. I walk into her hospital room and set the bags of movies and junk food down in the chair. Lake is sitting up on the side of the bed and the nurse is working with the IV.

"Oh, good. You're right in time," the nurse says. "She doesn't want a sponge bath, she wants a standard bath. I was about to assist her in the bathroom, but if you'd rather do it you can." She unhooks the IV and clamps it, then tapes the end of it to Lake's hand.

Lake and I look at each other. It's not like I've never seen her nak*d...just not for prolonged periods of time. And with the lights on.

"I....I don't know," I mutter. "Do you want me to help you?" I ask Lake.

Lake shrugs her shoulders. "It wouldn't be the first time you've put me in a shower. Although, I hope you help me take my clothes off this time." She laughs at her own joke. She regrets the laugh as soon as she does it, though. Her hand goes up to her head and she winces.

The nurse can sense the slight awkwardness between us. "I'm sorry. I thought you guys were married. It said on her chart that you were her husband."

"Yeah...about that," I say. "Not quite yet."

"It's fine," the nurse says. "If you'll just go back to the waiting room I'll let you know when we're finished."

"No," Lake says. "He'll help me." Lake looks up at me. "You'll help me." The nurse looks up at me and I nod. She takes a few items off the tray next to Lake's bed and walks out of the room.

"Have you walked any more today?" I take her arm and help lift her off the bed.

She nods. "Yeah. They had me walk down the hall between visits again. I feel better than yesterday, just dizzy."

The nurse walks back into the room with a towel. "Just don't let her get her head wet. There's a handheld shower head in the shower or she can use the bathtub. The tub may be better for her so she can lay down." The nurse leaves the towel in the chair and walks back out.

Lake slowly stands up and I assist her into the bathroom. Once we're inside, I close the door behind us.

"This is so embarrassing," she says.

"Lake, you asked me to stay. If you want, I'll go back and get the nurse."

"No. I just mean because I need to pee."

"Oh. Here." I walk around her and grab her other arm as she backs up. She grabs hold of the metal bar attached to the wall and pauses.

"Turn around," she says.

I turn around and face the opposite direction. "Babe, if you're already making me look away it'll be kind of hard for me to help you in the shower. You aren't even nak*d yet."

"That's different. I just don't want you to watch me pee."

I laugh. And I wait. And I wait some more. Nothing happens.

"Maybe you need to leave for a minute," she says.

I shake my head and walk out of the bathroom. "Don't try to stand up without me." I leave the door open a few inches so I can hear her if she needs me. When she's finished, I walk back into the bathroom and help her stand up.

"Shower or bath?" I say.

"Bath. I don't think I can stand up long enough for a shower."

I make sure she's holding onto the bar before I let go of her arm. I adjust the faucet on the bathtub until the water turns warm. I grab the washcloth and get it wet, then set it on the side of the tub. It's a larger tub with two steps leading up to it to make it easier to walk down into. When I stand up, I take Lake's arm again and lead her to the bathtub. I stand behind her and brush her hair over her shoulder and untie the top of her gown. When it drapes open, I have to suppress a gasp. She's got bruises all over her back. There's one more tie on her gown, so I pull the string until the gown separates.

She slides the gown forward and down her arms. I run my fingers under the stream of water to check the temperature, then reach for her arm and help her up the steps and into the bathtub. Once she's seated, she pulls her knees up to her chest and wraps her arms around them, then rests her head on them.

"Thank you," she says. "For not trying to put the moves on me just now."

I smile at her. "Don't thank me yet. We just got started." I dip the washcloth in the water and kneel down beside the bathtub. The steps come out pretty far, so it's hard to reach her without hovering over her. She takes the washcloth out of my hand and begins washing her arm.

"It's weird how much energy everything takes. It feels like my arms weigh a hundred pounds."

I open the bar of soap and hand it to her, but it slips out of her grasp. She feels around in the water until she finds it, then she rubs it in the washcloth.

"Do you know how long before they let me go home?" she asks.

"Hopefully by Wednesday. He said recovery can take anywhere from a few days to two weeks depending on how the injury heals. You seem to be doing pretty well."

She frowns. "I don't feel like I'm doing well."

"You're doing great," I say.

She smiles and sets the washcloth back on the side of the tub and wraps her arms around her knees again. "I have to rest," she says. "I'll get to the other arm in a minute."

She closes her eyes. She looks so tired. I reach over and turn the water off, then stand up and take off my shoes and my shirt, but leave my pants on. "Scoot up," I say to her.

She scoots up and I step into the bathtub and slide down into the water behind her. I put my legs on either side of her and gently lay her back onto my chest. I grab the washcloth and run it up the arm she was too tired to get to.

"You're crazy," she says quietly.

I kiss her on top of the head. "So are you."

We're both silent as I wash her. She rests against my chest until I tell her to lean forward so I can get her back. When she leans forward, I put more soap on the washcloth and gently touch it to her skin. It's bruised up so bad I'm afraid I'll hurt her.

"You really got banged up. Does your back hurt?"

"Everything hurts."

I wash her skin as softly as I can. I don't want to make it worse. When I've covered every inch, I lean forward and kiss her on the back, right on top of her bruise. I kiss her other bruise, and her other bruise, and her other bruise. I kiss every spot of her back that's hurt. When she leans back against my chest, I lift her arm and kiss the bruises on her arm, too. Then I do the same to the other arm. When I've kissed all the bruises I can find, I lay her arm back down in the water. "There. Good as new," I say. I wrap my arms around her and kiss her cheek. She closes her eyes and we just sit there for a while.

"This isn't how I pictured our first bath together," she says.

I laugh. "Really? 'Cause this is exactly how I pictured it. Pants and all."

She takes a deep breath and exhales, then leans her head back against my chest and looks me in the eyes. "I love you, Will."

I kiss her on the forehead. "Say it again."

"I love you, Will."

"One more time."

"I love you."

***

Lake is finally discharged today after five days in the hospital. Luckily since yesterday was a Monday I was able to finalize reports with the insurance companies. Lake's Jeep was totaled. The damage to my car wasn't as bad so I was given a rental until it's repaired.

Dr. Bradshaw is really pleased with Lake's progress. She has to go back to see him again in two weeks. In the meantime, he's put her on bed rest. She's excited because she knows that means she gets to sleep in my comfortable bed every night. I'm excited because that means I get to spend two solid weeks with her at my house.

I end up withdrawing her from all of her classes for the semester. She was upset, but she doesn't need the added stress of school right now. I told her she just needs to focus on getting well. I'm taking the rest of the week off but plan on going back to school Monday depending on how she's feeling. For now, though...we've got almost a whole week of nothing to do but watch movies and eat junk food.

***

Kel and Caulder bring their plates to the coffee table in the living room and set them down next to mine. Lake's lying down on the couch so we eat in the living room rather than at the table.

"Suck and sweet time," Caulder says. He crosses his legs and scoots around to the opposite side of the coffee table so we're all sitting in a somewhat circle that includes Lake. "My suck is that I have to go back to school tomorrow," he says. "My sweet is that Layken's finally home."

She smiles. "Awe, thanks Caulder. That is a sweet," she says.

"My turn," Kel says. "My suck is that I have to go back to school tomorrow. My sweet is that Layken's finally home."

She scrunches her nose up at Kel. "Copycat."

I laugh. "Well, my suck today is that my girlfriend made me rent six different Johnny Depp movies. My sweet is right now." I lean over and kiss her on the forehead. Kel and Caulder have no objection to my sweet tonight. I guess they're getting used to it.

"Well, my suck is obvious. I've got staples in my head," Lake says. She looks at me and smiles, then her eyes drift to Kel and Caulder as she watches them eat.

"What's your sweet?" Caulder says with a mouthful of food.

Lake stares at him for a moment. "You guys," she says. "All three of you."

It's quiet for a minute, then Kel picks up a french fry and throws it at her. "Quit being cheesy," he says.

Lake grabs the french fry and throws it back at him.

"Hey," Kiersten says as she walks through the door. "Sorry I'm late." She heads to the kitchen and starts making herself a plate of food. She's about to be pissed again because I didn't know she was coming over. Looks like she'll have to eat bread again.

"You need some help?" I ask her. She's only got one good arm, but she seems to be adjusting pretty well.

"Nope. I got it." She brings her plate into the living room and sits down in the floor. We all stare at her when she takes a huge bite of a chicken strip.

"Oh my god it's so gooood," she says. She shoves the rest of it in her mouth.

"Kiersten, that's meat. You're eating meat," I say.

She nods. "I know. It's the weirdest thing. I've been dying to come over here since you guys got home so I could try some." She takes another bite. "It's heaven," she says with a mouthful. She hops up and walks to the kitchen. "Is it good in ketchup?" She grabs the ketchup and brings it back to the living room and squirts some on her plate.

"Why the sudden change of heart?" Lake asks her.

She finishes chewing and swallows her food. "Right when we were about to be hit by that truck....all I could think about was how I was about to die and I've never tasted meat before. That was my only regret in life."

We all laugh. She grabs the chicken off of my plate and throws it on her own.

"Will, are you still coming to dad day Thursday?" Caulder asks.

Lake looks at me. "Dad day?"

"I don't know, Caulder. I don't know if I feel comfortable leaving Lake alone yet," I say.

"Dad day? What's dad day?" Lake asks again.

"It's father appreciation day at our school," Kiersten says. "They're having a luncheon. Kids get to eat lunch with their dad's in the gymnasium. Mom day isn't until next month."

"But what about the kids who don't have dads? What are they supposed to do? That's not very fair."

"The kids that don't have dads just go with Will," Kel says.

Lake looks at me again. She doesn't like being out of the loop.

"I asked Kel if I could eat with him, too," I say.

"Will you eat with me, too?" Kiersten asks. "My dad won't be back until Saturday."

I nod. "If I go," I say. "I don't know if I need to go, though."

"Go," Lake says. "I'll be fine. You need to quit babying me so much."

I lean forward and kiss her. "But you are my baby," I say.

I'm not sure which direction it comes from, maybe all three, but I'm hit in the head with french fries.

***

I help Lake into the bed and pull the covers over her. "You want something to drink?"

"I'm fine," she says.

I turn off the light and walk around to the other side of the bed and crawl in. I scoot closer to her and put my head on her pillow and wrap my arm around her. Her bandages come off at her next doctor's visit. She's so worried about how much hair they had to cut. I keep telling her not to worry about it. I'm sure they didn't cut much, and the incision is on the back of her head so it won't be that noticeable.

It hurts if she's not lying on her side, so she's facing me. Her lips are in close proximity to mine, so of course I have to kiss them. I lay my head back down on her pillow and brush her hair behind her ear with my fingers.

This entire past week has been hell. Mentally and physically. But especially mentally. I came so close to losing her. So close. Sometimes when it's quiet, my mind wanders to the possibility of having lost her, and what I would have done. I have to keep reeling myself back in. I keep having to remind myself that she's okay. That everyone's okay.

I didn't think it was possible, but everything Lake and I have been through this entire past month has somehow made me love her even more. I can't even begin to imagine my life without her in it. I think back to the video Sherry showed me, and to what Jim said to her.

"It's like you came along and woke up my soul."

That's exactly what Lake did to me. She woke up my soul.

I lean in and kiss her again; longer this time. But not too long, I just feel like she's so fragile.

"This sucks," she says. "Do you realize how hard it'll be sleeping in the same bed with you? Are you sure he specified an entire month? We have to retreat for a whole month?"

"Well, technically he said four weeks," I say, stroking her arm with my hand. "I guess we could stick to four weeks since it's a few days shy of a whole month."

"See? You should have taken me up on the offer when you had the chance. Now we have to wait four more weeks!" she says. "How many weeks is that total?"

"It'll be sixty-five," I quickly respond. "Not that I'm counting. And four weeks from today is February 28th. Not that I'm counting that, either."

She laughs. "February 28th? But that'll be a Tuesday. Who wants to lose their virginity on a Tuesday? Let's make it the Friday before. February 24th. We'll get Kel and Caulder to stay with your grandparent's again."

"Nope. Four weeks. Doctors' orders," I say. "We'll make a deal. I'll get my grandparent's to watch the boys again if we can make it to March 2nd. The Friday after it's been four weeks."

"March 2nd is a Thursday."

"It's a leap year."

"Ugh! Fine. March 2nd," she says. "But I want a suite this time. A big one."

"You got it."

"With chocolates. And flowers."

"You got it," I say. I lift my head off of her pillow and kiss her, then roll over.

"And a fruit tray. With strawberries."

"You got it," I say again. I yawn and pull the covers up over my head.

"And I want one of those fluffy hotel robes. Both of us. That way we can wear them all weekend."

"Whatever you want, Lake. Now go to sleep. You need to rest."

She's done nothing but sleep for five days, so I'm not surprised she's wide awake. I, on the other hand, have had close to zero sleep for five days. I could barely keep my eyes open today. It feels so good to be back home, back in my bed. It especially feels good that Lake's right next to me.

"Will?" she whispers.

"Yeah?"

"I have to pee."

***

"Are you sure you'll be okay?" I ask her for the tenth time this morning.

"I'll be fine," she says. She holds the phone up to show me she has it close by.

"Okay. Sherry's at home if you need her. I'll be back in an hour, the luncheon shouldn't last that long."

"Babe, I'm fine. Promise."

I kiss her on the forehead. "I know."

And I do know she's fine. She's more than fine. She's been so focused and determined to get better that she's doing way too much on her own now. Even things she shouldn't be doing on her own, which is why I worry. Her indomitable will that I fell in love with sometimes irritates the hell out of me, too.

***

When I walk into the gymnasium, I scan the area looking for the boys. Caulder is waving when I see him, so I walk to his table.

"Where's Kel and Kiersten?" I say as I take my seat.

"Mrs. Brill wouldn't let them come," he says.

"Why?" I jerk my head around looking for Mrs. Brill.

"She said they were just using this lunch as an excuse to get out of study hall. She made them go to regular lunch at 10:45. Kel told her you'd be mad."

"Well, Kel's right," I say. "I'll be right back."

I walk out of the gymnasium and turn left to head to the cafeteria. When I walk inside, the noise penetrates my eardrums. I forgot how loud kids were. I also forgot how much my head still hurt. I glance at all the tables but there are so many kids, I can't spot either of them. I walk over to a lady who looks like she's monitoring the cafeteria.

"Can you tell me where Kel Cohen is?"

"Who?" she says. "It's too loud, I didn't hear you."

I say it louder. "Kel Cohen!"

She nods and points to a table at the other end of the cafeteria. Before I reach the table, Kel spots me and waves. Kiersten is seated next to him, wiping at her shirt with a wad of wet napkins. They both stand up when I reach the table.

"What happened to your shirt?" I ask Kiersten.

She looks at Kel and shakes her head. "Stupid boys," she says. She points to the table across from theirs. I turn and look and there are three boys that look a little older than her and Kel. They're all laughing.

"Did they do something to you?" I ask her.

She rolls her eyes. "When do they not? If it's not chocolate milk, it's apple sauce. Or pudding. Or Jell-O."

"Yeah, it's usually Jell-O," Kel says.

"Don't worry about it, Will. I'm used to it now. I always keep an extra change of clothes in my backpack just in case."

"Don't worry about it?" I ask. "Why the hell isn't something being done about it? Have you talked to a teacher?"

She nods. "They never see it when it happens. It's gotten worse since the suspension. Now they just make sure they only throw things at me when the monitor's aren't looking. But it's fine, Will. Really. I have Abby and Kel and Caulder. That's all the friends I need."

I'm pissed. I can't believe she has to go through this every day! I look at Kel. "Which one's the one Caulder was telling me about? The dickhead?" Kel points at the boy seated at the head of the table.

"You guys wait here." I turn around and walk toward Dickhead's table. As I get closer to them, their laughter succumbs to looks of confusion. I grab one of the empty chairs at their table and slide it out, then pull it around next to Dickhead and straddle the chair backwards, facing him.

"Hey," I say. He just looks at me confused, then looks at his friends.

"Can I help you?" he says sarcastically. His friends laugh.

"Yes. Actually you can," I say. "What's your name?"

He laughs again. I can tell he's trying to play the part of the big, bad twelve-year-old that he is. He reminds me of Reece at that age. He can't hide the nervousness on his face, though.

"Mark," he says.

"Well hi, Mark. I'm Will." I extend my hand and he reluctantly shakes it.

"Now that we've been formally introduced, I think it's safe to say that we can be frank with one another. Can we do that, Mark? Are you tough enough to take a little bit of honesty?"

He laughs a nervous laugh. "Yeah, I'm tough."

"Good. Because you see that girl over there?" I point back to Kiersten. Mark glances over my shoulder at her, then looks back at me and nods.

"Let me be frank with you. That girl is very important to me. Very important. When bad things happen to important people in my life, I don't take it very well. I guess you could say I have a bit of a temper." I scoot my chair closer to his and look him straight in the eyes. "Now, while we're being frank with one another...you should know that I used to be a teacher. You know why I'm not a teacher anymore, Mark?"

He isn't smiling anymore. He shakes his head.

"I don't teach anymore because one of my dickhead students decided to mess with one of my important people. It didn't end well."

All three of the boys are staring at me, wide-eyed.

"You can take that as a threat if you want to, Mark. But honestly, I have no intentions of hurting you. After all, you're only twelve. When it comes to kicking someone's ass, I usually draw the line at fourteen-year-olds. But I will tell you this...the fact that you bully people? And girls, for that matter? Girls younger than you?" I shake my head in disgust.

"It only goes to show what a pathetic human being you'll turn out to be. But that's not the worst of it," I say. I turn and look at his friends. "The worst of it is the people that follow you. Because anyone weak enough to let someone as pathetic as you be their leader is even worse than pathetic."

I look back at Mark and smile. "It was nice meeting you, Mark." I stand up and swing the chair back around until it's back in its place under the table, then I place my hands on the table in front of him. "I'll be keeping in touch."

I look all three of them in the eyes as I back away from their table, then turn back to Kiersten and Kel. "Let's go. Caulder's waiting on us."

When the three of us get back to the gymnasium, we go to Caulder's table and take a seat. We aren't seated for two minutes when Mrs. Brill marches up with a scowl on her face. Right before she opens her mouth to say something, I stand up and reach my hand out to her. "Mrs. Brill," I say with a smile. "It's so good of you for letting Kiersten and the boys eat with me today. It really means a lot that you recognize the fact that there are families in this world with non-traditional situations. I love these kids like they're my own. The fact that you respect our relationship even though I'm not a typical father really says a lot about your character. So I just wanted to say thank you."

Mrs. Brill lets go of my hand and steps back. She eyes Kiersten and Kel, then looks back at me. "You're welcome," she says. "Hope you all enjoy the luncheon." She turns and walks away without another word.

"Well," Kel says. "That was definitely my sweet."

Thursday, February 16th, 2012

One more day...

Chapter Seventeen

"So what's the damage?" Lake asks Dr. Bradshaw.

"To what? You?" He laughs as he slowly unwraps the bandage from around her head.

"To my hair," she says. "How much did you chop off?"

"Well," he says. "We did have to cut through your skull, you know. We tried to save as much hair as we could, but we were faced with a pretty tough decision...it was either your hair or your life."

She laughs. "Well I guess I'll forgive you, then."

***

As soon as we get home from the doctor, she heads straight for the shower to wash her hair. She's been dying to wash her hair. I'm pretty comfortable with leaving her home now, so I go pick up the boys. I forgot they were staying an hour after school, so I text Lake to let her know I'll be late. The school talent show is tomorrow night and the students who signed up to perform get to stay and practice. Kiersten and Caulder both signed up, but neither of them are giving us hints as to what they're doing. I've given Kiersten copies of all my poems. She says she needed them for research. I didn't argue. There's just something about Kiersten you don't argue with.

When the boys and I finally get home, Lake is still in the bathroom. I know she's tired of me babying her, but I check on her anyway. The fact that she's been in there so long worries me. When I knock on the door, she tells me to go away. She doesn't sound happy, which just means I'm not going away.

"Lake open the door," I say. I jiggle the door knob but it's locked.

"Will, I just need a minute," she sniffs.

She's crying.

"Lake. Open the door!" I'm really worried now. I know how stubborn she is and if she hurt herself she's probably trying to hide it. I beat on the door and shake the door knob again.

It's quiet. She doesn't respond. "Lake!" I yell.

The door knob turns and the door slowly opens. She's staring down at the floor, crying. "I'm okay," she says. She wipes at her eyes with a wad of toilet paper. "You really need to quit freaking out, Will."

I step into the bathroom and hug her. "Why are you crying?"

She pulls away from me and shakes her head, then sits down on the seat in front of the bathroom mirror. "It's stupid," she says.

"Are you in pain? Does your head hurt?"

She shakes her head and wipes at her eyes again. She brings her arm up and pulls the rubber band out of her hair and it falls down over her shoulder. "It's my hair."

Her hair. She's crying about her damn hair! I breathe a sigh of relief. "It'll grow back, Lake. It's okay." I walk around behind her and pull her hair away from her shoulders to her back. She's got an area on the back of her head that's been shaved. It can't be covered up, because it's smack dab in the middle of her hair. I run my fingers over it. "I think you would look cute with short hair. Wait 'till it grows out some more and you can get it cut."

She shakes her head. "That'll take forever. I'm not going anywhere like this. I'm not leaving this house for another month," she says.

I know she doesn't mean it, but I still hate that she's so upset. "I think it's beautiful," I say, running my fingers over her scar. "It's what saved your life." I reach around her and open the cabinet doors underneath the sink.

"What are you doing? You aren't cutting the rest of my hair off, Will."

I reach inside and pull out the black box that contains my hair trimmers. "I'm not cutting your hair," I say. I plug in the cord and take off the guard and turn it on. I reach behind my head and press it against the back of my hair and make a quick swipe. When I bring it back around, I pull the pieces of my hair out and toss them in the trashcan.

"There. Now we match," I say.

She swings around in her seat. "Will! What the hell? Why'd you just do that?"

"It's just hair, Babe." I smile at her.

She brings her wad of toilet paper back up to her eyes and turns back around, looking at our reflection in the mirror. She shakes her head and laughs.

"You look ridiculous," she says.

"So do you."

***

Other than going to the doctor yesterday, tonight is Lake's first time out of the house. After the talent show, Sherry is watching the boys for a few hours so we can have a date. Of course, Lake got upset when I told her about our date. "You never ask me, you always tell me," she whined. So of course I had to get down on my knee and ask her out. And of course, I'm keeping her in the dark again. She has no clue what I have planned for tonight. No clue.

Eddie and Gavin are already inside with Sherry and David when we arrive. I let Lake sit next to Eddie and I take the seat next to Sherry. Lake was able to pull her hair back into a ponytail and hide most of her scar. I'm not so lucky.

"Ummm...Will? Is this some sort of new trend I'm not aware of?" Sherry asks when she sees my hair.

Lake laughs. "See? You look ridiculous."

Sherry leans into me and whispers. "Can you give me a hint as to what Kiersten's doing tonight?"

I shrug. "I don't know what she's doing. I'm assuming it's a poem. She didn't read it to you guys?"

Sherry and David both shake their heads. "She's been pretty secretive about it," David says.

"So has Caulder," I say. "And I have no idea what he's up to. I don't even think he has a talent."

The curtain opens and Principal Brill walks up to the microphone and does her introductions to kick off the evening. With every child that performs, there's a different parent holding a video camera at the front of the audience. Why didn't I bring my camera? I'm an idiot. A real parent would have brought a camera. Right when Kiersten is finally called to the stage, Lake reaches inside her purse and pulls out a camera. Of course she does.

Principal Brill introduces Kiersten, then walks off the stage. Kiersten doesn't look nervous at all. She really is a miniature version of Eddie. There's a small sack draped over her wrist with the cast. She lifts her good arm to lower the microphone.

"I'm doing something tonight called a slam. It's a type of poetry that I was introduced to this year by a friend of mine. Thank you, Will."

I smile.

Kiersten takes a deep breath and says, "My poem tonight is called 'Butterfly you.'"

Lake and I both look at each other. I know she's thinking the same thing I'm thinking, which is, "Oh, no."

"Butterfly.

What a beautiful word

What a delicate creature.

Delicate like the cruel words that flow right out of your mouths

and the food that flies right out of your hands...

Does it make you feel better?

Does it make you feel good ?

Does picking on a girl make you more of a man?

Well, I'm standing up for myself

Like I should have done before

I'm not putting up with your

Butterfly anymore."

(Kiersten slides the sack off her wrist and opens it, pulling out a handful of hand-made butterflies. She takes the microphone out of the stand and begins walking down the stairs as she continues speaking.)

"I'd like to extend to others what others have extended to me."

(She walks up to Mrs. Brill first and holds out a butterfly)

"Butterfly you, Mrs. Brill."

(Mrs. Brill smiles at her and takes the butterfly out of her hands. Lake laughs out loud and I have to nudge her to get her to be quiet. Kiersten walks around the room, passing out butterflies to several of the students, including the three from the lunchroom.)

"Butterfly you, Mark.

Butterfly you, Brendan.

Butterfly you, Colby."

(When she finishes passing out the butterflies, she walks back onto the stage and places the microphone back into the stand.)

"I have one thing to say to you

And I'm not referring to the bullies

Or the ones they pursue.

I'm referring to those of you that just stand by

The ones who don't take up for those of us that cry

Those of you who just...turn a blind eye.

After all it's not you it's happening to

You aren't the one being bullied

And you aren't the one being rude

It isn't your hand that's throwing the food

But...it is your mouth not speaking up

It is your feet not taking a stand

It is your arm not lending a hand

It is your heart

Not giving a damn.

So take up for yourself

Take up for your friends

I challenge you to be someone

Who doesn't give in.

Don't give in.

Don't let them win."

As soon as 'damn' comes out of Kiersten's mouth, Mrs. Brill is marching onto the stage. Luckily, Kiersten finishes her poem and rushes off the stage before Mrs. Brill reaches her. The audience is in shock. Well, most of the audience. Everyone on our row is giving her a standing ovation.

As Mrs. Brill announces the next performance and we take our seats, Sherry whispers to me, "I didn't get the whole 'butterfly' thing, but the rest of it was so good."

"Yeah it was," I agree. "It was butterflying excellent."

Caulder is called onto the stage next. He looks nervous. I'm nervous for him. Lake's nervous, too. I wish I knew what he was doing so I could have given him some advice before he got up there. Lake zooms the camera in and focuses it on Caulder. I take a deep breath, hoping he can get through it without cussing. Mrs. Brill already has her eye on us. Caulder walks to the microphone and introduces his talent.

"I'm Caulder. I'm also doing a slam tonight. It's called 'Suck and sweet.'"

Oh no, here we go again.

I've had a lot of sucks in life

A lot

My parents died almost four years ago, right after I turned seven

With every day that goes by I remember them less and less

Like my mom...I remember that she used to sing.

She was always happy,

always dancing.

Other than what I've seen of her in pictures, I don't really remember what she looks like.

Or what she smells like

Or what she sounds like

And my Dad

I remember more things about him, but only because I thought he was the most amazing man in the world.

He was smart. He knew the answer to everything.

And he was strong.

And he played the guitar.

I used to love lying in bed at night, listening to the music coming from the living room.

I miss that the most.

His music.

After they died, I went to live with my grandma and grandpaul.

Don't get me wrong...I love my grandparents.

But I loved my home even more.

It reminded me of them.

Of my mom and dad.

My brother had just started college the year they died.

He knew how much I wanted to be home.

He knew how much it meant to me,

so he made it happen.

I was only seven at the time, so I let him do it.

I let him give up his entire life just so I could be home.

Just so I wouldn't be so sad.

If I could do it all over again, I would have never let him take me.

He deserved a shot, too. A shot at being young.

But sometimes when you're seven, the world isn't in 3-D.

So,

I owe a lot to my brother.

A lot of 'thank you's'

A lot of 'I'm sorry's'

A lot of 'I love you's'

I owe a lot to you, Will

For making the sucks in my life a little less suckier

And my sweet?

My sweet is right now.

I wonder if a person can cry too much? If so, I'm definitely reaching my quota this month. I stand up and make my way past Sherry and David and out into the aisle. When Caulder walks down the steps to the stage, I pick him up and give him the biggest damn hug I've ever given him.

"I love you, Caulder."

***

We don't stay for the awards. The kids are excited to be spending the evening with Sherry and David, so they were all in a hurry to leave. Kiersten and Caulder didn't seem to care who won, which made me a little proud. After all, I've been drilling Allan Wolf's quote into Kiersten's head every time I give her advice about poetry. "The points are not the point; the point is poetry."

After David and Sherry drive away with the boys, Lake and I walk to the car and I open the door for her.

"Where are we eating? I'm hungry," she says.

I don't answer her. I shut her door and walk around to the driver's side. I reach into the backseat and grab two sacks out of the floorboard and hand one to her. "We don't have time to stop and eat. I made us grilled cheese."

She grins when she opens her sack and pulls out her sandwich and soda. I can tell by the look on her face that she remembers. I was hoping she would remember.

"We have a pretty long drive," I say. "I know a game we can play, it's called 'would you rather.' Have you ever played it before?"

She smiles at me and nods. "Just once, with this really hot guy. But it was a long time ago. Maybe you should go first to refresh my memory."

"Okay. But first, there's something I need to do." I open my console and pull out the blindfold. "Our destination is sort of a surprise, so I need you to put this on."

"You're blindfolding me? Seriously?" She rolls her eyes and leans forward.

I wrap it around her head and adjust it over her eyes. "There. Don't peek." I put the car in drive and pull out of the parking lot, then ask the first question. "Okay. Would you rather I looked like Hugh Jackman or George Clooney?"

"Johnny Depp," she says.

She answers a little too fast for my comfort. "What the hell, Lake? You're supposed to say Will! You're supposed to say you want me to look like me!"

"But you weren't one of the options," she says.

"Neither was Johnny Depp!"

She laughs. "My turn. Would you rather have constant, uncontrollable belching or would you rather have to bark every time you heard the word the?"

"Bark as in like a dog?"

"Yeah."

"Uncontrollable belching," I say.

"Oh gross." She wrinkles up her nose. "I could live with your barking, but I don't know about the constant belching."

"Well in that case, I change my answer. My turn again. Would you rather be abducted by aliens or have to go on tour with Nickelback?"

"I'd rather be abducted by The Avett Brothers."

"Wasn't an option."

She laughs. "Fine, aliens. Would you rather be an old, rich man with only one year left to live? Or a young, poor, sad man with fifty years left to live?"

"I'd rather be Johnny Depp."

She laughs. "You suck at this," she teases.

I reach over and interlock fingers with her. She's leaning back into the seat laughing without a clue in the world where we're headed. She's about to be pissed...but hopefully only for a little while. I drive around a bit longer while we continue our game. I could honestly play this game all night with her, but I don't. We eventually pull up to our destination and I hop out of the car. I open her door and help her stand up.

"Hold my hands. I'll lead."

"You're making me nervous, Will. Why do you always have to be so secretive when it comes to our dates?"

"I'm not secretive, I just love surprising you. A little bit further and I'll let you take off your blindfold." We walk inside and I position her exactly where I want her. I can't help but smile, knowing how she's about to react once I take off her blindfold. "I'm about to take it off, but before I do...just remember how much you love me, okay?"

"I can't make any promises," she says.

I reach behind her and untie the blindfold and remove it from her eyes. She opens them and looks around. Yep, she's pissed.

"What the hell, Will! You brought me on a date to your house again? Why do you always do this?"

I laugh. "I'm sorry." I throw the blindfold on the coffee table and put my arms around her. "It's just that some things don't need to be done on a stage. Some things need to be private. This is one of them."

"What is one of them?" She looks nervous.

I kiss her on the forehead. "Sit down, I'll be right back." I motion for her to sit on the couch, so she does.

I go to my bedroom and reach into the closet and pull out her surprise. I stick it in my pocket and walk back to the living room. I turn on the stereo and set I and Love and You on repeat; it's her favorite song.

"You better tell me now, before I start crying again...does this have anything to do with my mom? Because you said the stars were the last thing."

"They were the last thing, I promise." I sit down beside her on the couch and take her hand in mine, looking her straight in the eyes. "Lake, I have something to say and I want you to hear me out without interrupting me, okay?"

"I'm not the one that interrupts," she says, defensively.

"See? Right there. Don't do that."

She laughs. "Fine. Talk."

I start to say what I need to say, but something just doesn't feel right. I don't like how we're so formally seated. It's not us. I grab her leg and arm and pull her onto my lap. She straddles me, wrapping her legs around my back. She hangs her hands loosely around my neck and looks me in the eyes. I start to speak again, but I'm cut off.

"Will?"

"You're interrupting me, Lake."

She gives me a half smile and brings her hands to my face. "I love you," she says. "Thank you for taking such good care of me."

She's sidetracking me, but it's nice. I slowly slide my hands up her arms and rest them on her shoulders. "You would do the same for me, Lake. It's what we do."

She smiles. A tear makes its way down her cheek, and she doesn't even try to hold it back. "Yep," she says. "It's what we do."

I take her hands in mine and bring her palms to my lips and kiss them. "Lake, you mean the world to me. You brought so much to my life...right when I needed it the most. I wish you could know how hopeless I was before I met you, so you would realize just how much you've changed me."

"I do know, Will. I was hopeless too."

"You're interrupting again."

She grins and shakes her head. "I don't care."

I laugh and push her down onto the couch and climb on top of her. I press my hands into the couch beside her head to hold myself up. "Do you have any idea how much you frustrate me sometimes?"

"Is that a rhetorical question? Because you just told me to stop interrupting you, so I'm not sure if you want me to answer it."

"Oh my god, you're impossible, Lake. I can't even get two sentences out!"

She laughs and grabs the collar of my shirt. "I'm listening," she whispers. "Promise."

I start to believe her, but as soon as I begin to speak again she crushes her lips to mine. For a moment, I forget what my whole point to tonight is. I'm suddenly consumed by the taste of her mouth and the feel of her hands making their way up my back. I lower my body onto hers and let her sidetrack me some more. After several minutes of intense sidetracking, I'm somehow able to tear myself away from her grasp and sit back up on the couch.

"Dammit, Lake. Are you gonna let me do this or not?" I take her hands and pull her up to a sitting position, then I get off the couch and kneel down on the floor in front of her.

Until this moment, I don't think she had any clue what tonight was about. She looks at me with a mixture of emotions in her expression. Fear, hope, excitement, apprehension. I'm sharing those exact same emotions with her. I take her hands in mine and take a deep breath.

"I told you the stars were the last gift from your mother, and technically they were."

"Wait, technically?" she says. She realizes she's interrupting me again when I glare at her. "Oh yeah, sorry." She puts her finger to her mouth, indicating she isn't going to say anything else.

"Yes, technically. I said the stars were the last thing she gave us, and they were. But she gave me one star that isn't in the vase. She wanted me to give it to you when I was ready. When you were ready. So...I hope you're ready."

I put my hand in my pocket and pull out the star. I slowly unfold the paper and when I do, the ring slides out and into my hand. When she sees her mother's wedding ring, her hands go up to her mouth and she sucks in a deep breath.

"I know we're young, Lake. We've got an entire lifetime ahead of us to do things like get married. But sometimes things in people's lives don't happen in chronological order like they should. Especially in our lives. Our chronological order got mixed up a long time ago."

I take her hand in mine. She holds out her finger and her hands are shaking...but so are mine. I slide the ring onto her finger. It's a perfect fit. She wipes my tears away with her free hand and kisses me on the forehead. Her lips come a little too close to mine, so I have to pause what I'm saying and kiss them. She puts her hand on the back of my head and closes her lips over mine as she slides off the couch and into my lap. I lose my balance and we fall back. She doesn't let go of my head, and our lips never separate while she continues to give me the absolute best kiss she's ever given me.

"I love you, Will," she mutters into my mouth. "I love you, I love you, I love you."

I gently pull her face away from mine. "I'm not finished yet," I laugh. "Stop butterflying interrupting me!" I roll her over onto her back and prop myself up on my elbow beside her.

She starts kicking her legs up and down in a fit. "Hurry up and ask me already, I'm dying here!"

I shake my head and laugh. "That's just it, Lake. I'm not asking you to marry me..."

Before I can even get the rest of my sentence out, a look of horror washes across her face. I immediately put my finger to her lips and shush her before she interrupts me again.

"I know how you liked to be asked and not told. But I'm not asking you to marry me." I roll on top of her and lean in as close as I can while still looking her in the eyes. I lower my voice to a whisper. "I'm telling you to marry me, Lake...because I can't live without you."

She starts crying again...and laughing. She's laughing and crying and kissing me, all at the same time. We both are.

"I was so wrong," she says between kisses. "Sometimes a girl loves to be told."

***

"Are you knocked up?" Eddie asks Lake.

"No, Eddie. That would be you."

We're all sitting in the living room. Lake couldn't wait to tell Eddie so she called her immediately to tell her the news. Eddie and Gavin were here within an hour.

"Don't get me wrong, I'm super excited for you. I just don't get it. Why so sudden? March 2nd is only two weeks away."

Lake looks at me and winks. She's snuggled up next to me, sitting on her feet. I lean in and kiss her lips. Like I said, I can't help it.

Lake turns back to Eddie and answers her. "Why would I want a traditional wedding, Eddie? Nothing about our lives is traditional. None of our parents would be there. You and Gavin would be our only guests. Will's grandparents probably wouldn't even show up...his grandmother hates me."

"Oh, I forgot to tell you," I say. "My grandmother actually likes you. A lot. It's me she wasn't really happy with."

"Really?" Lake says. "How do you know?"

"She told me."

"Huh." She smiles. "That's nice to know."

"See?" Eddie says. "They'll show up. So will Sherry and David. That's nine people right there."

Lake rolls her eyes at Eddie. "Nine people? You expect us to pay for an entire wedding for nine people?"

Eddie sighs and falls onto Gavin's lap in a defeated slump. "I guess you're right. It's just that I was looking forward to planning a big wedding someday."

"Well, you can still plan your own," she says. Lake looks at Gavin. "How many more minutes until you propose, Gavin?"

Gavin doesn't skip a beat. "About three hundred thousand or so."

"See, Eddie? Besides, I still need you to do my hair and makeup," Lake says. "We need witnesses, too. You and Gavin can come and Kel and Caulder will be there."

Eddie smiles. She finally seems a little more excited once she finds out she's invited.

I was hesitant at first with Lake's plan, too. But after hearing her logic...and especially after hearing how much money it would save us not having a wedding, I was easily convinced. The date of the marriage was a given.

"What about the houses? Which one will you guys live in?" Gavin says.

Lake looks at me and nods. We've been talking about it for two weeks now, even before the proposal tonight. After having her stay here, we both knew it would be impossible to live in separate houses again. We came up with the plan about a week ago, but tonight seems like the perfect night to share it.

"That's one of the reasons we wanted you guys to come over," I say. "I had about three years left on my mortgage and no less than two weeks after Julia passed away, the title came in the mail. She paid it off before she died. She paid the rent on Lake's house through September, that's when her lease is up. So now we'll have an empty house with six months of pre-paid rent. We know you guys are looking for a place before the baby comes...so we're offering you Lake's. Until September, anyway...then you'll have to sign your own lease."

Neither one of them says anything. They just look at us in shock. Gavin shakes his head and starts to protest. Eddie slaps her hand over his mouth and turns to me. "We'll take it! We'll take it, we'll take it, we'll take it!" She starts clapping and jumps up and hugs Lake, then hugs me. "Oh my god you guys are the best friends ever! Aren't they Gavin?"

He smiles, not really wanting to appear desperate, but I know how much they need a place of their own. Eddie's excitement eventually outweighs Gavin's modesty and he can no longer contain himself. He hugs Lake, then hugs me, then hugs Eddie, then hugs me again. When they finally calm down and sit back down on the couch, Gavin's smile fades.

"Do you know what this means?" he says to Eddie. "Kirsten's about to be our parallel neighbor."

Friday, March 2nd, 2012.

It's worth all the aches,

All the tears,

the mistakes...

The heart of a man and a woman in love?

It's worth all of the pain in the world.

Chapter Eighteen

I've spent the last two weeks giving her every opportunity to opt out of doing things this way. Lake insists she doesn't want a traditional wedding, but I don't want her to regret her decision someday. Most girls spend years planning out how they want their wedding to be. But then again, Lake's not most girls.

I take a deep breath, not really understanding why I'm so jittery. I'm sort of glad it's so informal. I couldn't imagine how shot my nerves would be if we had more of an audience. My hands won't stop sweating, so I wipe them on my jeans. She insisted I wear jeans, said she didn't want to see me in a tux. I'm not sure what dress she picked out for today, but she didn't want to wear a wedding dress. She didn't see the point in buying one if she was only wearing it once.

We aren't doing the traditional aisle walk, either. In fact, nothing about this is traditional. I'm pretty sure her and Eddie are down the hall in the courthouse public restroom doing her makeup right now. It all seems so surreal...marrying the love of your life in the same building where you can register a car. But honestly, it wouldn't matter where we got married...I'd be just as excited...and just as nervous.

When the doors open, there isn't any music. No flower girls or ring bearers. Just Eddie. She walks in and takes a seat in one of the chairs next to Kel. The Judge walks in right after Eddie sits down and hands me another form to sign.

"You forgot to date this," he says.

He gives me a pen so I take the form and press it down on the podium in front of me and date it. March 2nd, 2012. That's our day. Mine and Lake's day. I hand the paper back to him and the door to the courtroom opens again. When I turn around, Lake's walking in, smiling. As soon as I lay eyes on her, a wave of relief washes over me. I'm immediately calm. She has that effect on me.

She looks beautiful. She's wearing blue jeans too. I laugh when I notice the shirt she has on. She's wearing that damn ugly shirt I love to hate. If I could have hand-picked myself what she would wear on our wedding day, it would be exactly this.

When she walks up to me, I wrap my arms around her, pick her up and spin her around. When I plant her feet back on the floor, she whispers in my ear.

"Two more hours."

She isn't referring to the marriage, she's referring to the honeymoon. I grab her face and kiss her. Everyone else in the room fades into the distance as we kiss...but only for a second.

"Eh-hem." I look up and the officiant is standing in front of us with an unamused look on his face. "We haven't quite gotten to the kissing of the bride yet," he says.

I laugh and take Lake's hand as we position ourselves in front of him. When he begins reading his wedding sermon, Lake touches her hand to my cheek and pulls my gaze toward hers, away from the officiant. I turn toward her and take her hands in mine and pull them up between us. I'm pretty sure the officiant is still talking, and that I should probably be paying attention, but I can't think of anything else right now I'd rather be paying attention to. She smiles at me, and I can see she isn't paying attention to anything around us, either. It's just me and her right now. I know it isn't time yet, but I go ahead and kiss her anyway. I don't hear a single word of the wedding sermon as we continue to kiss. In less than a minute, this woman is about to become my wife. My life.

Lake laughs and says, "I do" without pulling away from my mouth. I didn't even realize we had gotten to that part yet. She closes her eyes again and gets right back into rhythm with me. I know weddings are pretty important to some people, but I have to fight back the urge to pick her up and carry her out of here before it's even over. After a few more seconds, she starts giggling again and says, "He does."

When I realize she just said my line, my lips separate from hers and I look over at the officiant. "She's right, I do." I turn back to her and resume where we left off.

"Well, then, congratulations. I now pronounce you Husband and Wife. You may continue kissing your bride."

And so I do.

***

"After you, Mrs. Cooper," I say as we exit the elevator.

She smiles. "I like that. It has a nice ring to it."

"I'm glad you think so because it's a little late to change your mind now."

When the elevator doors close behind us, I pull the room key out of my pocket and check the room number again. "It's this way," I say, pointing to the right. I take her hand in mine and begin walking down the hallway. I'm forced to an abrupt stop, however, when her hand jerks me back.

"Wait," she says. "You're supposed to carry me over the threshold. That's what husbands do."

Before I can bend down and take her in my arms the traditional way, she puts her arms on my shoulders and jumps up, wrapping her legs around my waist. I have to grab hold of her thighs before she slips. Her lips are right in proximity to mine now, so they briefly get kissed. She grins and runs her hands through the back of my hair, forcing my mouth onto hers again. I try to grip her legs with one hand and her waist with the other, but it feels like she's slipping so I take two quick steps until she's propped up against a hotel room door. It's not our door, but it does the job. As soon as her back hits the door, she moans. I remember the bruises from a few weeks ago and think I may have just hurt her. I break apart from her with a concerned look on my face.

"Are you okay? Did I just hurt your back?"

She grins. "No. That was a good sound."

The intensity in her eyes is magnetic. I'm unable to break our stare as I stand there, holding her up against the door. I grab the underneath of her thighs with my hands and hoist her up even higher, pressing my body against hers for more leverage. "Five more minutes," I say.

I grin and lean in to kiss her again, but she's suddenly further away. As soon as I realize the hotel room door we're leaning against is opening up behind her, I do my best to catch her. Instead, I fall to the ground with her and we both end up in a heap on the floor of someone's hotel room. She still has her arms around my neck and she's laughing until she looks up and sees a man and two children staring down at us. He doesn't look very pleased.

"Run," I whisper. We both crawl out of the hotel room and pull ourselves up. I take her hand in mine and we run down the hallway until we find our room. I slide the key into the reader but before I open the door, she slips in front of me and faces me.

"Three more minutes," she says. She reaches behind her and pulls down on the handle, swinging the door open. "Now carry me over the threshold, Husband."

I bend down and grab her behind the knees and pick her up, throwing her over my shoulder. She squeals and I push the door open with her feet. I take a step and walk over the threshold with my wife.

The door slams behind us and I ease her down onto the bed.

"I smell chocolate. And flowers," she says. "Good job, Husband."

I lift her leg up and slide her boot off. "Thank you, Wife." I lift her other leg up and slide that boot off, too. "I also remembered the fruit. And the robes."

She winks at me and rolls over, scooting up onto the bed. When she gets settled, she leans forward and grabs my hand, pulling me toward her. "Come here, Husband," she whispers.

I start to make my way up the bed, but pause when I come face to face with her shirt. "I wish you'd take this ugly thing off," I say.

"You're the one who hates it so much. You take it off."

And so I do. I start from the bottom this time and press my lips against her skin where her stomach meets the top of her pants, causing her to squirm. She's ticklish there. Good to know. I unbutton the next button and slowly move my lips up another inch to her belly button. I kiss it. She lets out another moan, but it doesn't worry me this time. I continue kissing every inch of her until the ugly shirt is finally off and lying on the floor. When my lips find their way back to hers, I pause and look her in the eyes to ask her one last time.

"Wife? Are you sure you're ready to not call retreat? Right now?"

She wraps her legs around me and pulls me closer. "I'm butterflying positive," she says.

And so we don't.

The End

