Prologue

The babe wailed again.

"There, lamb," Helge whispered as she sponged the last of the slick fluids off the enraged little body. Flickering light from the central fire kissed the newborn and danced across the smoke-blackened beams of the longhouse.

The old midwife sighed. However difficult the babe's entry into the world had been, she was at least a healthy child, perfectly formed with all her fingers and toes. A crest of coppery hair was plastered to her damp head.

"Hush you, now," Helge coaxed.

The wrinkled little face puckered and the newborn shrieked as if Loki, the trickster godling, had just pinched her bottom. Helge wrapped the child snugly in a cat-skin blanket, crooning urgent endearments.

"Shut the brat up," Torvald said, his voice a broken shadow of its usual booming timbre. All the souls sheltered in the longhouse went expectantly silent. As if she sensed menace in the air, the child subsided into moist hiccups.

"Will you not hold your daughter?" Helge offered the small bundle to Torvald. "She's a fine child, fair and lusty."

"No, I'll not." Torvald knuckled his eyes. "She's killed my Gudrid. I'll have naught to do with her." When he looked at the mewling babe, his face was a mask of loathing. "Put her out."

Helge flinched. "But, my lord-"

"Don't argue with me, woman. Am I not chief over my own house?" Torvald's gray eyes blazed with a potent mix of fury and grief. "I said, put her out."

Helge's shoulders sagged. She couldn't remember the last time a healthy child had been exposed. But Torvald was master here, so there was nothing for it but to do his bidding.

Still, it didn't seem right to consign the babe to Hel empty-handed. It was bad enough that she'd go unloved and unmourned to that shadowy, icy place. Even worse, she'd arrive there as a pauper.

Helge laid her little charge on the bedding, and untied the thin strip of leather from the dead woman's slim neck.

The pendant was a simple little amber hammer, its only distinctive mark a tiny purple orchid trapped forever in the glowing stone. Perhaps Thor would mark the child for his protection if she met her death wearing his talisman. It wasn't much, but it was all Helge could do for the mite.

She bundled herself against the cold and left the longhouse bearing her whimpering burden. The stiff hairs in her nostrils froze with each breath.

The thought of leaving the child for the wolves made Helge's chest constrict smartly. She decided to let the sea take her. It would be clean and quick. There'd be less chance of hearing the child's keening death wail on the wind. And the unhappy little soul would find it harder to trouble those who'd disowned her with malicious tricks later, as some malevolent ghosts were known to do.

Snow crunched underfoot as Helge trudged down to the shore where the fjord was choked with ice. Armed with an ax she picked up as she passed the woodpile, Helge carried the babe as close to the edge of the floe as she dared.

"Good-bye, little elf," Helge said as she placed the newborn on the smooth, cold surface. "Thor keep you, for I cannot."

She brought the sharp ax down with a thwack. The brittle ice shattered in a jagged line and separated from the main body of the floe. Helge gave it a nudge with the ax handle.

She watched with a gathering heaviness in her chest as, bobbing and dipping, the tiny bundle on the ice sheet floated out with the tide.

* * *

Magnus Silver-Throat, lately court poet to the King of the Danes, pushed back the wiry strand of white hair that drifted across his weathered face. He didn't really believe in Ketil's dreams, he told himself. And yet last month when the boy had vehemently insisted they not put to sea on a cloudless day, he'd indulged his son's fancy. A violent squall had come up that afternoon that surely would've swamped their small craft had Magnus kept to his original plan. Ketil's current dreyma wasn't nearly so specific. Only that they had to be in this precise spot.

Magnus squinted against the glare of the cold northern sun on the water, not quite believing what he thought he saw. "Ketil, look you starboard and tell me what's there."

The nine-year-old twisted on his sea trunk and gazed in the direction his foster-father pointed. His simple face screwed into a frown. "Something on the ice."

A thin wail floated over the water to his ear.

"It cries," Ketil said.

Magnus' mouth tightened as he adjusted the steering oar to swing toward the bobbing mound of fur. "See if you can fetch it out, son. Be careful."

The boy moved clumsily to the prow of the small boat and leaned over the edge. As they neared the bundle, Ketil grabbed it and hauled it aboard. He weaved back to Magnus.

The man peeled away the soggy wrappings, his mouth fixed in a grim line. The babe was blue with cold, but she stopped whimpering long enough to fasten her pale green eyes on him. His old heart was forever lost in that instant.

"It looks like we've fished up a Pictish princess," he said to the boy. "I don't think she could be any bluer if we dipped her headfirst in woad."

"Can we keep it?" Ketil asked, his mouth hanging open. His soft heart always wanted to keep and care for little lost creatures.

"It's difficult to return a gift from the gods," Magnus said. "They tend to resent it when you try. Especially since they apparently went to a lot of trouble to send us to find this one."

As he said it, he eyed the coastline, wondering what calamity could lead someone to abandon such a goodly child. Magnus removed the cat-skin blanket and tucked the babe into the folds of his own warm cloak. Then he reefed the coracle around smartly.

"Winter is harder here than I expected, son." He searched the shoreline for a clue as to which settlement in the deep fjord had expelled this tiniest of its members. "Hard winters can lead to hard hearts. I believe we'll fare better going south."

"But we had to come here, Father," Ketil said insistently. "I dreamed it."

"So you did, son," Magnus said, pondering the gods' wisdom in giving the boy this unusual gift when they had denied him normal intelligence. He glanced down at the tiny girl, whose skin was already regaining a healthy pink color, sheltering peacefully in the capacious folds of his multi-hued cloak. "And it appears we've already found the reason why."

Chapter 1

Every dog in the settlement howled as if the world were ending. Rika peeked out a crack in the privy door. Rough men, armored in hardened leather, herded people and livestock to their dragonships moored at the quay. So far, none of the raiders had thought to check the cesspit. She and her foster brother, Ketil, were safe enough for the moment.

"Father's out there." Ketil's round face was streaked with dirty runnels where tears left their tracks.

"I know, I know." Rika bit her lip, trying to think what to do next. She hoped to catch a glimpse of the old skald's flowing white hair and multihued cape. "Where can Magnus be?"

And why, oh, why did he ever drag us from the Danish court?

Smoke wafted toward them. The flames were closer now.

"Come." Rika grabbed Ketil's big hand and pulled him behind her. She darted across the muddy lane, slipping and going down, then scrambled back to her feet and skidded into a stable. Rika stopped, frozen in mid-step. A small gasp escaped her lips.

Her mind refused to make sense of what she saw. Magnus lay face down on the ground, his skull cleaved open. The soggy gray porridge of his brain oozed out, a thousand nights' stories spilling into the straw-covered dirt.

"Oh, Father." Rika dropped to her knees beside him, clutching at her chest. A sob constricted her throat and stung her eyes. She had to remind herself to breathe.

She'd only been a small girl the first time she'd heard Magnus Silver-Throat tell the tale of Ragnarok, the Doom of the Gods. The death of Odin and his cohorts of Asgard had always seemed the most horrific, the most obscene thing she could imagine.

Until now.

Ketil turned Magnus over gently. "All will be well," he kept repeating, trying to ease Magnus's brains back into his skull. "I didn't dream it, so all will be well."

"No, Ketil." Rika roused herself and pulled him away from Magnus's body. "All will never be well again."

Ketil's simple face crumpled. He howled his grief like one of the damned in Niflheim. In a harsh world, only Magnus had seen a reason for Ketil's gentle soul to live. And now Magnus was gone.

Rika wrapped her arms around her brother and rocked him, letting him cry. It didn't matter who heard him. Nothing mattered anymore.

A shadow fell across the stable doorway, sending a chill rippling over her. She looked up, the heaviness in her limbs making even that simple movement difficult.

A tall man blocked the way, his drawn blade still dripping red. His sword arm was bared and leather leggings were cinched to his muscular thighs. The mail hanging over his short tunic proclaimed him a raider of substance. Rika felt sure the dark stains on the man's clothing were not his own blood.

His gaze raked over her slowly, and he flashed his teeth at her. A predator's smile.

"What have we here?" His strong-boned face was clean-shaven, as much a rarity among Northmen as his dark eyes. "A little mud-hen with an overgrown chick."

Ketil roared, got to his feet and plowed toward the man, arms flailing. The raider stepped aside and tripped Ketil, sending him sprawling into the mud outside the stable. Then he whacked Ketil's bottom with the flat of his long broadsword as a light reprimand.

Rika scrambled to cover her brother with her own body. With every bit of the skaldic art Magnus had taught her, she willed the man to obey her.

"No! You will not hurt this boy." Even though Ketil was nine years her senior, to Rika he would always seem the younger and in need of her protection.

"Looks like I'm wrong." The man drove the point of his sword into the ground and leaned on the pommel. "Not a mud-hen. You're more like a she-wolf, aren't you?"

"No, I'm a skald." Rika straightened to her full height. She considered herself tall for a woman. She'd been able to look Magnus eye to eye for some time, but she still had to look up to meet this man's mocking gaze.

"And you are a murderer," she said with a boldness that surprised even herself. "You've killed the finest skald ever to grace a hall. Behind you lies Magnus Silver-Throat, the bravest and best-" Her voice crackled with grief.

An emotion that might have been regret flickered across the man's angular face and he glanced over his shoulder at Magnus's corpse. "That's the Silver-Throat?" His lips tightened into a hard line. "I've heard of him."

"And thanks to you, no one will ever hear him again." Rika spat the words, swiping at her eyes. Only the need to keep Ketil safe stopped her from flying at this dark barbarian in a shrieking rage.

"I didn't kill him." The raider eyed the old skald lying on the stable floor. "But one of my men surely did."

When he tugged off his leather helm, a shock of raven hair fell to the man's shoulders, a sharp contrast to his pale Nordic skin. He pulled a horn-handled knife from the sheath at his waist and placed it in Magnus's hand, wrapping the cooling fingers around the hilt.

"Here, friend, a gift to help you after," he said softly. "Drain a horn for me in the Hall of the Slain." Then he strode to the neighboring house, already ablaze, and plucked out a firebrand. The raider tossed it into the open stable door and waited for a few moments to be sure the flames caught.

Ketil dissolved into sobs again and Rika stooped to comfort him. She felt numb and heavy, as though the air she moved through was thick as water.

"It can't be real," Ketil insisted. "I would've dreamed it if it were real. I'd tell Father and we'd go away."

A furrow appeared between the man's dark brows. "What's the matter with him?" He narrowed his eyes at Ketil. "Is he soft-headed?"

"It's better than being hard-hearted." Heat rose in Rika's cheeks. Anger, ja. That was something she could let herself feel.

"Can he work?"

"He's strong, if that's what you mean." She fisted her hands at her waist. "If someone shows him what to do, he'll work the likes of you down to the ground."

"Good," the raider said. "We've no room for useless eaters. Come then, both of you."

"We're not going anywhere with you." She crossed her arms over her chest, determined to stand her ground, however shaky she felt inside. "We are a troupe of skalds, lately come from the King of the Danes and are not subject to capture. We've only been here in Hordaland for a week."

"Then it's too bad you left the Danes. Maybe you are what you say, but I only have your word for that, don't I?" The man's face hardened like an oak in winter. "Whatever you were before, you are now thralls. You belong to the Jarl of Sogna."

"And I suppose you are the jarl," she sneered.

"No, that would be my brother, Gunnar Haraldsson." One corner of his mouth jinked up in a grim half-smile. "I'm Bjorn the Black. The second son."

He raised the tip of his sword toward Rika and Ketil, motioning for them to march to the quay. Bjorn's eyes glinted at her, unfathomable as obsidian and just as hard.

"We're done talking, little she-wolf. You'll walk willingly or I'll drag you, but either way, you're coming with me."

Blood pounded behind her eyes. Rika grabbed Ketil's hand and led him toward the waiting longships. She nearly retched at the scent of searing flesh in the smoke-filled air, but she strode with her head high. The daughter of Magnus Silver-Throat would not show weakness before this blood-soaked raider.

For the first time in her life, Rika wished that she'd been born a man. So she could kill Bjorn the Black.

"I suppose you call yourself a hero and imagine a saga will be composed about your exploits. All you are is a murderer and a thief," Rika railed at Bjorn, hoping to shame him.

She knew baiting the man was foolhardy, but only her focused hatred of Bjorn the Black kept her on her feet. She couldn't be silent. Words had always been her only weapon. White-hot rage boiled out of her, whether it was wise or not.

"Are there no more monasteries on the Isle of the Angles?" Her voice bordered on shrill. "No more fat Frankish towns for you to plunder that you must stoop to murder of your own kind?"

"If I were a murderer, your big friend here would be joining Magnus on his pyre," Bjorn said with icy calm. "I've done no murder. I did what had to be done. I lift my hand only against those who oppose me. And as for being a thief, it's no theft to take back your own."

When they reached the ship, Bjorn turned to face the smoldering village. The survivors huddled in miserable clumps.

"People of Hordaland! We've fallen upon you because of your raid on Sognefjord last month." His deep voice reverberated on the mountainside. "The Jarl of Sogna has a long arm. In his name, we've taken back the livestock that was stolen and punished the guilty. Don't make the mistake of trying us again. The men of Sogna will not stand for it."

Bjorn thrust his sword into its scabbard and bound a sniffling Ketil's hands together with a leather strap. When he turned to tie Rika, she jerked away from him.

"Fine sentiments, Bjorn the Black." She fired the words at him like arrows. "And what of the innocents you punished with the guilty?"

"I advise you to give me your hands, girl." He met her frosty stare with one of his own. "And see you give me no further cause to bind your mouth as well."

Rika clamped her lips together, giving him no excuse to gag her. She submitted to the leather strap Bjorn knotted around her wrists, glowering at him when he pulled it tight. Then Rika climbed into the swaying longship and hunkered near the prow. She wanted to put as much distance as possible between herself and that dark-eyed fiend.

His crew bent to the work and hauled away. Once the vessel was far enough from land, they shipped the oars, locked the mast into place and hoisted the big square sail. A stiff breeze filled the woolen cloth and the ship came alive, lifting in the water despite its full load. The keel of the dragonship sliced through the gray swells, the waves dividing like the wings of an eagle on each side of the craft. It rode lightly on the sea, as though at any moment it might rise and take flight.

Rika had always loved sailing with Ketil and Magnus in their little coracle, the sharp scent of the sea and the cries of gulls wheeling overhead. Her whole life had been one long voyage, interspersed with pleasurable stays as welcome guests. At Magnus's side, she was greeted with something akin to awe. The old skald's mantle was broad, easily covering his little family of foundlings. Even the lack-witted Ketil was sheltered under its protection.

Now that part of her life was at an end. In the prow of the dragonship where the sea spray would obscure them, she wept silent tears for the only father she'd ever known.

A few tears fell on her own behalf as well. Rika had tumbled from the high status position of the old skald's daughter to the hopeless condition of a thrall. She was now the property of some faceless jarl and might expect even worse treatment than the captured livestock.

Ketil curled up beside her to sleep, as he often did in a rolling ship. His pale eyelashes quivered against his ruddy cheeks. Rika's chest tightened. Ketil was so big and strong, though he had but a child's heart and mind, easily hurt and confused. How could she hope to protect him in their new and bewildering circumstances? She had no idea, but she knew she must try. Right alongside her father's tutelage in the lore and legends of the Norse people, Magnus had taught her loyalty.

Oh, Father! Why had she argued with him that morning? And over so trivial a thing. Magnus had insisted she try harder to memorize the Havamal, the sayings of Odin. The sagas of heroes were more to her taste than the homilies of the One-Eyed All-Father. Now she'd happily learn a thousand of them if she could only take back her harsh words.

A prickle started at the nape of her neck and tingled down her spine. She turned to seek the source of her unease. At the far end of the dragonship, Bjorn the Black stared at her from his seat at the steering oar. She'd felt his eyes, hot and intrusive on her skin. They were darker than a bog and more menacing. She was forced to look away.

Rika was usually good at reading people. As a performer, she had to be. She'd seen desire in men's eyes before, but this was different. She couldn't decipher the meaning of his intense gaze. The dead stare of Bjorn the Black was more like the look of a wolf stalking a hapless kid who'd strayed too far from the rest of the flock. In spite of the sun on her shoulders, she shivered.

Surely someone in the settlement where they were bound would've heard Magnus perform. Perhaps they might also recognize her and Ketil. This whole misunderstanding could be laid to rest. She shot a glance from under her lashes at Bjorn, who now strained to keep his ship out of the pounding surf. Perhaps she'd even be able to charge him with murder before the Lawspeaker and demand a wergild for the life of her father. Someone must be held accountable for the death of so great a personage as Magnus, and Bjorn was clearly in charge of this murderous raid. With any luck, she'd even see the blackguard banished.

She swiped away her tears. Her lips flattened into a hard line, along with her resolve. Her dream of being recognized as a skald in her own right suddenly seemed a small matter indeed. But seeing justice done to the man responsible for her father's death was the best reason she could think of to keep breathing.

The setting sun slid beyond the curve of the water. Before the brief twilight deepened into the short Scandinavian spring night, Bjorn ordered the flotilla to pull up as close to the land as the sailors dared. The cliffs were too steep to beach the armada for the night.

Bjorn grappled with the heavy anchor stone and heaved it overboard. "Break out the nattmal, Jorand," he said to the flaxen-haired youngest man on board.

As Jorand passed out the spartan meal of flat barley bread, dried fish and wrinkled cloudberries, Bjorn stepped around the crew to check on his captives.

"Hold up your hands and I'll free you to eat," he said to Rika.

Scowling, she lifted her hands to him, but said nothing. "What? No cutting remarks?" Bjorn cocked his head at her. "Out of insults already, I see. You must not be much of a skald after all." He ignored Rika's uplifted wrists and freed Ketil's hands instead.

"Anything I might say would stir your wrath, Bjorn the Hero, vanquisher of defenseless women and unarmed old men." Rika's tone was smooth as butter, making her words all the more biting. "However, if it pleases the great jarl's brother, I'll compose a saga about his restoration of livestock to be remembered for the ages. You'll be known as Bjorn the Boar-bringer, savior of lost pigs everywhere."

When a couple of his crew chuckled, he silenced them with a frown.

She slid her gaze toward the sailors, who had erased the grins from their faces. "Ah! I see it is not only bound captives who must be careful with their mouths around you."

"Seems you're giving no heed to yours, girl." Bjorn knelt beside her and lowered his voice. "I don't know why I should bother explaining it to you, but this was a matter of honor. What a man has, he must hold. If he won't protect what's his, he deserves to lose it. We couldn't let the raid on our farmsteads stand. More would be lost than livestock the next time."

"Ja," she answered, dry-eyed and staring, the image of her father face down in the straw swimming before her. "More was definitely lost."

Bjorn seemed to see the same grotesque vision. "It's a sad day that sees Magnus Silver-Throat dead, if that's indeed who he was. But you know as well as I that it's something that couldn't be undone. We all wear our fates around our necks like you wear that little hammer."

He reached out a broad finger to stroke the amber pendant nestled in the slight indentation at the base of her throat. When she shrank from his touch, he pulled back his hand.

"The way of Magnus's death was decided long ago," Bjorn said. "It just happened that one of my men delivered it to him."

Rika narrowed her eyes to slits. "And for that, I'll never forgive you."

"I'm not asking you to," Bjorn said. "I'm only trying to untie your hands so you can eat in comfort." He worked the knot free and pulled off her bonds.

"I'm surprised you trouble to feed us." Rika rubbed her tingling wrists.

"If you're weak or sickly, you're of no use to the jarl. You'll find I look out for all of my brother's interests," Bjorn said. "But perhaps I should warn you that Gunnar's not as tolerant a man as I. If you irritate me, I'll just bind your mouth."

"What?" Rika's eyes flashed. "Will the mighty jarl carve out my tongue and eat it with his herring and turnips for nattmal?"

"No. Something much worse than that." Bjorn handed her a generous portion of fish, bread and berries. "He'll set the Dragon of Sogna on you. His wife, the Lady Astryd."

This time, Bjorn's crew laughed heartily and loud.

* * *

"No!" Ketil thrashed beside her in the dark. She wrapped her arms around him, trying to quiet him before he roused the wrath of any of the raiders snoring in their hudfats, the leather two-man sleeping sacks.

"Hush now, Ketil," she whispered. "It's just a dreyma."

Ketil subsided into soft sobs, his great body still shuddering. "Don't let it happen."

She bit her lower lip, thinking he spoke of Magnus's death and imagined it only a dream. "Some things can't be helped," she said softly. "Father is gone, and we can't change it."

He pulled back from her, blinking. "I know that. I just don't want you to go, too. They're trying to send you far away to a big, big city with a wall where the sun burns so hot. And they won't let me go with you."

"It's only a dream." She pressed her palms against both of his cheeks. "No one will separate us, brother. I won't let them."

Even as she promised, she wondered whether she'd be able to keep her word. A thrall had no say in where she was sent, but Rika had no intention of remaining a slave. Almost in reflex, she put a hand to the amber hammer at her throat. If she'd been destined for servitude, surely Thor wouldn't have allowed Magnus to save her from the icy water as an infant.

Magnus had always been Odin's man. But even though the stoic All-Father was a favorite of skalds, Rika could never warm to him. From her birth, she'd belonged to Thor, whose passions burned white-hot and dissipated like fading lightning. Of all the gods in the Nordic pantheon, the Thunderer was the least capricious and cruel to his devotees, and judged most likely to save them in a tight spot.

This certainly qualified as a tight spot.

A fresh wind stirred the sea, sending its chilly breath rippling over them. Ketil shivered beside her. "I'm cold."

"Here you are." Rika pulled the green wool cape from her shoulders and tucked it around her brother. It wasn't big enough for the two of them.

"Go back to sleep, Ketil." She crossed her arms over her chest, hugging herself against the wind. In a short while, his deep, even breathing told Rika that Ketil had slipped back into his childish slumber.

Ketil's nightmare troubled her more than she wanted to admit. Magnus had been devoted to truth-telling above all else, so he was never evasive about how she'd come to be his daughter. He told Rika that one of Ketil's dreams had led them to the precise spot where she'd been abandoned on the ice. Her brother hadn't had another episode of prescience since then, so Rika discounted the tale as the fancies of a doting father with a vivid imagination. Now with Ketil's dreyma of a looming separation, she wondered.

The moon rose, cold and distant, over the steep cliffs and crashing surf. The silvery light was just bright enough for Rika to make out Bjorn the Black in his leather sleeping sack by the steering oar. The man's eyes flashed at her, fiery and threatening, like the feral predator she knew him to be. When he stood and walked toward her carrying his hudfat, her shivering had nothing to do with the wind.

"Get in." He stepped into the bag and held it open for her.

She glared up at him. "I'll tie loom stones around my neck and drown myself before I become your bed-slave."

"Don't worry. I don't intend to rut you," Bjorn said. "Not in a bobbing longship with two dozen other men around."

When she still didn't budge, his lips twitched, whether with irritation or amusement, Rika couldn't be sure.

"Rape isn't to my taste," he explained. "I prefer my women willing and a good bit cleaner than you are at the moment, little she-wolf." He stroked a patch of dried mud from her cheek.

It was spring, but the breeze sliding over her felt more like winter's icy breath. Rika didn't want him to see her quiver, but she couldn't help herself.

"There's no profit to you to spite me in this," he said. "I only want to see you warm, I swear it."

Her chattering teeth decided the matter and she climbed into the supple leather sack with the black Viking. The hudfat was designed for sharing bodily warmth so she stopped shivering in only a few moments. The big man seemed to radiate as much heat as a roaring central fire in a longhouse.

Earlier, he'd removed his mail shirt and the bloodstained tunic beneath it, leaving him smelling only of fresh sea air, tinged with honest male sweat. It was a strangely comforting combination. Even though he was her enemy, his warmth made Rika drowsy. She settled back against his chest as she sank toward exhausted sleep.

"Why did you do that?" his voice rumbled in her ear.

Every hair on her body stood at full attention. She should've known better than to trust him enough to climb into the hudfat with him..

"I was cold. You promised only to warm me," she reminded him. "Nothing else could lure me into your bed."

He snorted. "There are those who could assure you that my bed is not such an odious fate, but that's not what I meant." Bjorn jerked his head toward Ketil. "I know you were cold. Why did you give him your cloak?"

"He's my brother," Rika answered simply. "We share everything. That's what families do."

"Very touching." His voice was hard. "But not very practical when there's only one cloak."

She turned to look at him. The lines and planes of his face were as stony as the granite cliffs they sheltered under. "Wouldn't you share a cloak with your brother?"

Bjorn's dark eyes flickered down at her and then back up to scan the sea again. "No. My brother would just take the cloak."

Chapter 2

By midmorning, the small fleet turned inland up a waterway Magnus's little troupe had never visited. Sognefjord. Rika had sailed past the wide inlet dotted with rocky islands numerous times, but for some reason, Magnus always made an excuse not to swing into this particular fjord. Her hope of finding someone who'd heard her father perform sank like an anchor stone.

They stopped at settlements along the steep sides of the inlet to drop off a cow here, a pair of pigs there. Rika couldn't help noticing that many of the karls' farmsteads had a neglected air.

A roof was caved in at one place, part of the longhouse open to the sky, with nothing being done to right the situation. Several plots of land that by rights should have been sprouting barley had yet to be sown with grain.

This was more than the ravages of a raid a month gone. Something caused a rot in the spirits of the inhabitants of the fjord, leaving them careless with their holdings.

Perhaps Magnus had been right to avoid Sogna.

Sognefjord seemed to go on forever, winding its way into the heart of the land. Rika was forced to spend another two nights sharing a hudfat with the hard-headed, hard-bodied leader of the raid.

She'd never slept so closely entwined with anyone, let alone a strange man. His warmth was a blessing, but she stiffened, prickling with apprehension, each time his body shifted. She wasn't able to fully relax until exhaustion drained her. What irritated her most was the fear that she might begin to enjoy his breath on her nape or the feel of his hand, heavy on her waist.

The wind died as they traveled farther from the open sea, and Bjorn ordered the mast down and the oars out. With each heaving stroke, Rika's heart fluttered. Whatever was wrong with Sognefjord waited for her at the end of the voyage.

She glanced at Bjorn. He stood at the steering oar, his dark hair streaming in the wind, his eyes narrowed to slits against the glare of sun on the water. His arms bulged with the strain of keeping the longship within the correct channel to avoid submerged rocks.

Rika frowned at him, puzzled. From his cryptic remark two nights ago, she judged there was no love lost between Bjorn and his brother, the jarl. Yet by raiding in the name of Sogna, he did his brother's bidding at the hazard of his own life and those of his crew. Why?

Some men loved killing. Bjorn must be just such a bloody-minded man, she decided. Yet he also seemed to be a man of his word. Even though she'd wakened to feel his hardness pressed against her backside as the big man slept spooned around her in the hudfat, he made no advances toward her. He kept his pledge only to warm her body. Still, his arousal proved Bjorn the Black's restraint wasn't for lack of interest in women.

"Like him, don't you?" The young man called Jorand had caught her looking at his captain. He grinned at her between strokes of the long oar.

"Of course not." Rika jerked her gaze away. "How can I like my captor?"

Jorand's lips twisted into a knowing smile. "No woman I know can spend a couple of nights curled up with our Bjorn and not come away liking him."

"Consider me the exception." She stared straight ahead.

"Don't worry." Jorand rocked forth and back with the oar. "He's always favored redheads. He'll protect you when we get there."

Protect me from what? Rika wanted to ask, but Bjorn bellowed an order, interrupting them.

"Jorand!" His voice was amplified by the water around them. "Stop flirting with the pretty thrall and take down the dragonhead. We're almost there."

"See, what did I tell you?" Jorand winked at her. "He likes you, too." The young man scrambled up the narrow prow to remove the grotesque serpentine figurehead. No point in frightening the land spirits on their home ground.

When the ship pulled up to the wharf, Rika realized what was wrong with Sogna. All the wealth, all the choice livestock, all the best building materials had been amassed in one place to create an unusually sumptuous longhouse and compound for the Jarl of Sogna. The jarlhof was massive, with several extra rooms jutting at right angles from the long main hall. On the flat plain before the jarl's house, scores of fighting men engaged in a mock battle, honing their skill.

"Supporting that many retainers would tax the coffers of a king," Rika murmured to Ketil. "No wonder the farmsteads along the fjord look so depleted."

They disembarked and marched up to the longhouse, trailing Bjorn the Black and his crew. As they climbed the steep path up from the water, she held Ketil's hand to steady her pounding heart. She forced herself to smile up at her brother. It helped quell the dizzying sensation of being totally powerless for the first time in her life.

"Welcome home, Brother." Once inside the longhouse, a raucous voice boomed toward them. It wasn't as low or as resonant as Bjorn's, but it filled the space.

Rika scanned the long hall. It'd been freshly scrubbed for spring with new rushes strewn about the stone floor. Light shafted in through the smoke holes spaced at intervals along the spine of the high roof. Earthen benches lined the sides of the hall, but instead of situating the jarl's seat in the middle, near the central fire, Bjorn's brother was ensconced in an ornate chair flanked by pillars on a dais at the far end. Rika recognized the deviation as a Frankish influence in the design of the great hall. Raised seating-even for nobility-was not typical in a Norse jarlhof.

Fires burned at the many hearths and a carcass roasted over each one, tended by a young girl with a basting gourd. After days of dried fish and flatbread, the savory aroma made Rika's mouth water. The Jarl of Sogna must set quite a table to attract and keep the host of fighting men in the yard.

A serving girl approached Bjorn with a long drinking horn brimming with golden mead. He lifted the horn toward the dais in salute and then drained the entire contents in one long swallow,

"You need to find a larger horn, Brother." Bjorn swiped his mouth with his forearm.

Bjorn's crew guffawed and congratulated each other on the drinking prowess of their leader. Rika stood quietly, a combination of irritation and dread curling her lip as she waited to see what it was she needed protection from.

Other than him, of course.

"You had a successful raid?" Gunnar asked.

"We retrieved every head that was taken from us." Bjorn glanced at Rika. "And picked up a few other things as well."

The whole crew marched the length of the hall until they came before the jarl's great carved chair. Entwined serpents writhed in bas-relief up the pillars on each side of the jarl. Rika noticed the same double-serpent motif embossed on the shields hanging on the walls. The Jarl of Sogna's device, no doubt.

At first glance, Rika thought the two brothers couldn't be more different. Gunnar's coloring-white-blond hair and pale gray eyes-marked him as the exact opposite of Bjorn the Black. But when she looked more closely, Rika saw a resemblance in the brothers' strong features. But while Bjorn's mouth was full-lipped and smacked of sensuality, Gunnar's thin one had a cruel twist to it.

Jorand dropped the bale of cloth he'd balanced on his broad shoulders. Another member of Bjorn's crew spilled out the contents of a leather bag. Pewter house ware, silver brooches and armbands, along with a goodly quantity of hack silver clattered to the stone floor. Another bag filled with carved amber was eased to the ground. Six fur bales joined the rest of the spoils. The jarl's eyes glinted with calculating avarice.

"And new thralls, I see." Gunnar's gaze slid over Rika and Ketil and the handful of other unfortunates Bjorn and his men had captured. His pale eyes returned to Rika and his tongue flicked out to wet his bottom lip as he studied her from head to toe. "You've done well, little brother."

The slight twitch of Bjorn's shoulders told Rika he didn't much care for that appellation.

"How shall I reward you?" Gunnar asked.

"I'll take those two for my own." Bjorn pointed at Rika and Ketil. "For my men, we'll take half the spoils here."

"Agreed. None of the livestock?" Gunnar asked.

"We returned the livestock to the karls they belonged to on the way in," Bjorn explained. "They were stolen property and couldn't be counted as spoils."

A muscle ticked in Gunnar's left cheek. "I'll be the judge of that in the future." His gaze flitted back to Rika. "Now that I think on it, your reward seems over-generous. You can have one thrall."

Bjorn looked at Rika and Ketil as if considering which of them would profit him most. "Then, I'll take the girl." He arched a brow at her. "I've need of a bed warmer."

"You can have that anytime just by crooking your finger at the serving girls," Gunnar said.

"Not in my house, you won't." A woman's voice came from behind them. The group of men parted to allow the jarl's wife to enter the circle. "Some here may wish to forget it, but this is a respectable jarlhof." Rika shifted uneasily as the woman, who could only be the dragon Bjorn had mentioned, skewered her husband with a sizzling glare.

Lady Astryd was dressed in a kirtle and tunic of rich blue and yellow. Her honey-blond hair fell in heavy braids to her thickening waist, and her head was covered discretely with a fine kerchief. The keys of her office dangled from the gilt chain above her distended belly. The woman's complexion glowed with her pregnancy. At least something in Sogna was fruitful, Rika thought.

Astryd stopped in front of Rika and gazed at her mud-spattered clothes. "My girls are cleaner than this one, I'll grant you," she said, turning to give Rika her back. "Why don't you just let her work for me, and your brother will find you a wife to warm your bed," she said to Bjorn. "There are plenty of houses that wish to ally themselves with Sogna, even through a second son."

"When I'm ready for a wife, I'll find one myself." Bjorn folded his arms across his chest. "Besides, I've grown attached to the muddy little thing." His crew chuckled. "My men and I risked ourselves and our ships in the service of Sogna. Shall it be said that such a simple request was denied?"

Rika glanced from the jarl to his wife. An undercurrent of frustration and rage crackled between the noble couple. Astryd seemed to follow her husband's gaze, and her face hardened as she caught the look the jarl cast toward Rika. The matter was decided.

"Very well, you shall have her by night, Bjorn," Astryd said. "But there's no reason why she can't work for me by day. Come along, all of you," she ordered the entire group of thralls. "No one eats here unless they earn their bread with hard labor."

She clamped a firm grip on Rika's wrist and dragged her from the hall. When Rika cast a glance back over her shoulder at Bjorn, an infuriating smile was on his lips.

Jorand was wrong, she guessed. Bjorn the Black didn't like her at all. He certainly hadn't lifted a finger to save her from the Dragon of Sogna.

"My lady, please stop." Rika trotted to keep up with Astryd's swinging strides. "There's been a mistake, a terrible miscarriage of justice, which I'm sure you'll set right."

When they burst out of the longhouse into the mid-morning sunlight, Astryd wheeled around to face Rika, hands fisted on her hips. "What are you babbling about?"

"Just that there's been a misunderstanding." Rika gulped a quick breath. "My brother and I were taken because your men thought we belonged to the settlement at Hordaland. We don't, you see. We are traveling skalds, and as such, we aren't subject to capture and enthrallment."

Astryd cocked a pale eyebrow at Ketil, her cold gaze sweeping over the young man's pleasant, vacant expression. "Oh, ja, I can see that your brother is much in demand, no doubt. Recite for us, you great towering slug," she ordered.

Ketil's half-smile changed to panic and he backed several steps away. "I don't ... no, it's not me. Rika's the skald. Father always said so."

"Very well." Astryd turned back to Rika, crisscrossing her arms over her chest. "Let's hear the skald. What shall it be, I wonder? Thor and the Frost Giants? Freya and the Brisingamen necklace, perhaps? That's one I understand quite well, being overly fond of jewelry, myself."

She eyed the silver brooches holding up Rika's kyrtle. The craftsmanship was finer and the design more subtle than the gaudy ones at her own broad shoulders. Astryd circled Rika, running a jeweled finger over the fine quality of the cloth beneath the caked mud. Rika froze like a hare that sees the shadow of a hawk hovering overhead.

"No," Astryd decided. "How about something easy? Let's have a bit from the Havamal."

Inwardly, Rika groaned, but she straightened her spine and took her stance. Breathe, she ordered herself. At first, no words tickled her tongue, and then, like water pouring over a precipice, they all came at once.

"A flame leaps to another. Fire kindles fire. A man listens, thus he learns," she rattled off all in one breath. "The shy ... stay shallow." Rika's voice trailed away. Her eyes flitted from left to right, but no more of the sayings of Odin appeared in her mind.

Astryd's lip curled. "Not your finest moment, was it?"

"Please, you don't understand. I'm a very fine skald. I know all the sagas, truly I do." Even to her own ears, Rika didn't sound very convincing. "I've been working on the Havamal, but I just don't know it all yet."

Was that Magnus's gentle laughter she heard in the back of her mind?

"I believe you are a very clever girl with a quick tongue and possibly a decent memory." Astryd squinted at her in frank appraisal. "But you're no skald. No doubt you've heard one or two and thought to imitate them to avoid thralldom. But if you were truly a student of the Havamal, you'd know that there's nothing you can do to change your fate." Astryd's blond brows knit together. "All you can do is meet it with courage."

The lady's eyes gleamed when she saw the amber hammer at Rika's throat. The hammer was simple but elegant, and Astryd's pursed lips told Rika she thought it far too fine for the neck of a slave.

"You can start by giving me that little bauble you're wearing," the Dragon of Sogna said. "Thralls have no possessions of their own, you know."

Rika bit her lip as she slipped the thin leather strip over her head and placed the hammer in Astryd's waiting palm.

The Lady of Sogna directed her attention to the whole group of new thralls. "Take off your clothes, all of you. You're no doubt infested with lice and fleas." Astryd turned to the serving girl who'd brought the horn of mead to Bjorn. "Evja, burn their clothes and get them all something more fitting to their new station."

So this is how it starts, Rika thought. In order to remake them into slaves, they first had to strip away who they were. She slipped her garments over her head, determined it would not matter to her. In her mind, she would clothe herself with the dignity of her art. Her bare skin didn't quite get the message though, as gooseflesh rippled over her despite the sunshine.

After Ketil pulled his tunic over his head, Astryd took the garment from him and ran the fine fabric through her fingers. It was soft and supple as water compared to the stiff linen she herself wore.

"Save the clothing of these two." Astryd ordered her serving girl as she pointed to Rika and Ketil. "I may find a use for their garments, after a thorough cleaning, of course."

Rika's cheeks burned. The men at swordplay looked on and jeered, as she and the rest of the thralls were paraded, still nak*d, to the ironworker. A circle of ugly gray metal was bolted around her neck, a dismal replacement for the little amber hammer.

At least now if I decide to drown myself, I won't need loom stones. Rika had already cheated the waves once. She wondered whether giving herself to the sea constituted meeting her fate with courage, but then she thought of Ketil. No matter what happened, she couldn't choose to take the water, for his sake.

Evja gave them all shapeless garments of coarse undyed wool. Though Rika was grateful to cover her nak*dness, the rough cloth chafed against her skin and rubbed her n**ples raw.

Then Astryd reappeared with her shears. She seemed to take perverse delight in snipping off Rika's waist-length hair in uneven chunks, hacking and sawing at her thick tresses. Magnus had never allowed anyone to cut her hair. It shimmered like a sunset rain, he always said. As the long locks fell to earth, Rika squeezed her eyes shut, willing herself to remember Magnus brushing her hair when she was little. He always smoothed out the snarls she got into. How she wished he were there to smooth her out of this one.

She ran a stunned hand over her shorn head. Her father would be heartsick if he could see her now. Relieved of its weight, her remaining hair curled snugly around her ears and across her forehead.

Then Astryd sent Ketil to work felling trees with a group of other male thralls. Rika was tasked with scrubbing privies. The harsh soap, a combination of lye mixed with ash and fat, reddened her hands and made her eyes burn. After she finished that chore, Astryd ordered Rika to join another group of women who were processing yarn by dragging it through a shallow vat of cow urine.

As Magnus's daughter, she'd never so much as assisted with meal preparation before. Her days had been filled with practicing the countless tales her father never tired of teaching her. She mastered the secret art of runes and could carve them with skill in wood or stone. The lilting tunes she coaxed from her little bone flute were admired in many a hall.

But now, she was only a drudge. And Astryd seemed intent on foisting all the worst jobs of the household on her during her first day of servitude. She caught the woman glaring at her more than once, but Rika schooled her features into a bland mask. If the Lady of Sogna thought to break her spirit with drudgery, Rika was determined Astryd would fail. She would not allow the Dragon to see the pain in her blistered palms.

Or her blistered heart.

Besides, she knew the real villain wasn't Astryd. Oh, the Lady of Sogna was unpleasant and bossy, but she wasn't the one to blame for Rika's misery.

That honor belonged to the man who'd dropped her into Astryd's grasping clutches. That toad-eating, louse-bitten, unfeeling waste of skin-Bjorn the Black.

Chapter 3

Rika clamped a hand over her mouth, not believing her eyes. The Dragon of Sogna had dressed for nattmal in Rika's fawn-colored tunic. It'd been scrubbed clean, but every seam in the fine garment bulged. Perhaps the heir to Sogna growing in her belly was to blame, but Rika thought Astryd looked like too much sausage meat stuffed into too small a bladder.

The lady stopped in front of her. "You have something to say?"

"No, my lady." Rika forced the smirk from her face. "Except ... that color suits you." She guessed the Lady of Sogna must be desperate indeed if she thought dressing in Rika's clothing would turn her husband's wandering eye back to her. Rika could almost pity Astryd, if not for her shorn head and throbbing hands. But Magnus had always said desperate people are dangerous people and the Lady of Sogna was clearly desperate for her husband's attention. Rika expelled all the air from her lungs in relief when Astryd moved on.

She sent Ketil into the great hall with Surt, a thrall he'd worked with all day. Slaves were allowed to eat after the fighting men had been served, but Rika couldn't think of food. All she wanted was to wash the reek of privies and cow urine from her tired body. She decided there'd be no better time to sneak into the steam bath than when everyone else was feasting in the long main hall.

After slipping into the bathhouse and lighting the fire to warm the stones, she stripped off the scratchy tunic. Rika scrubbed it while the room filled with heat. She might have to put it back on damp, but at least it would be clean.

When the stones for the steam bath were hot enough, she poured a dipperful of pine-oil water on them, releasing a soothing cloud of steam. She kept adding water till the small room was filled with milky-white moisture. Then she felt her way to the smooth wooden benches.

Every pore in her body opened. When she was covered with a glistening sheen, she fingered along the wall and found the birch switches left there. Rika used one to scrape off the sweat and dirt. She was ready to dash into the next room where a cool bath barrel waited for her to rinse in, when she heard the stamp of booted feet at the threshold. She skittered back up the benches, climbing into the farthest corner.

"Someone has started the bath for us already."

Rika recognized Bjorn's rumbling bass through the pine-scented cloud. Another dipper of water hissed on the heated stones. She pulled her knees to her chest and made herself as small as possible, trusting the thick steam to hide her.

"That's the story of my life, little brother. Everything is always handed to the Jarl of Sogna on a new trencher."

Rika heard the swish of clothing being peeled from the two men's bodies, the scrape of leather boots toed off against the stone floor. She made out hazy flesh-toned forms and realized they'd see her too, if they happened to glance her way. She could only hope they wouldn't notice her if she kept still.

"Come now, little brother. Don't be surly. Jealousy doesn't become you."

"Jealousy isn't what I'm feeling right now, but if you want the truth, the title of jarl doesn't become you much either, Gunnar." If Rika had to guess, she'd have said she heard barely bridled anger in Bjorn's even tone.

"That's a bit more candid than I'm used to." Gunnar's laugh didn't convince her that he found Bjorn's remark funny.

"I expect it is. When I'm gone, you allow no one near you who'll dare tell you the truth." Bjorn's voice sounded closer now. The stair-stepping benches sagged with the weight of the men as they settled on the lowest level. At least, Thor be thanked, they'd turned their backs to her.

"You've filled our father's hall with mercenaries who'll say anything you want for the privilege of sitting at your table," Bjorn accused.

"Indeed I have."

"To what end?" Rika heard frustration in Bjorn's voice. "I wasn't gone that long on the walrus hunt, no more than a couple of months, but I come home to find the whole fjord miserable over your horde of men. What good are they? They didn't even fend off the raid last month. My crew cleaned up the mess for you. Again."

"We weren't here when the raiders came," Gunnar explained. "You see, little brother, if you want to be a leader of men, you must realize that they need some play as well as work. I'd taken the men inland to hunt. Besides, the raiders only hit the outer farmsteads. They didn't dare come all the way in to Sogna. No harm done."

"No harm?" Bjorn demanded. "Ask Gimli Bluenose and you'll get a different tale. The raiders took his milk cow but left her new twin calves to starve. We brought back the cow, but nothing can bring back the calves. Every karl in Sognafjord has a similar story. How could you allow it to happen, Gunnar? As jarl, you can't stand by and let the land be raped by strangers."

"Ah, the land." Gunnar's voice was oily and taunting. "Always the land. Even though you hunt and trade and go viking with the best of them, you always did have dirt under your fingernails, didn't you, little brother? Or wanted to?"

Bjorn ignored the jab. "I'll admit I'm land hungry, but you're neglecting your holdings, and you can't. The farmers look to Sogna for protection. You can't abandon them like that."

"You forget yourself, brother. Don't tell me what I can or cannot do." Gunnar's tone frosted over, colder and sharp-edged. "Are you not my sworn man still?"

In the silence that followed, Rika heard the steady drip of condensed moisture pattering from the ceiling beams to the stone floor.

"Ja, Gunnar, I'm still your man," Bjorn finally said. "I'm no oath-breaker."

"Good. Then listen and know my mind, little brother." Gunnar's voice dropped and despite the heat, a shiver ran over Rika. The jarl might speak freely to his kinsman, but what might he do to a thrall who'd heard his secret thoughts?

"The world is changing," Gunnar said. "We can take a few lessons from the Franks. Why should I be content with just Sogna? I need the men who eat at my table to expand my holdings. 1 inherited the fjord from our father, but when my son is born, he'll have more to look forward to than I did."

"There's never enough for you, is there?" Rika detected the bitterness of a second son, who inherited nothing but what his own two hands could bring to him.

"If you were in my place you'd realize that in order to keep what's mine, I must be strong enough to increase it. For the good of all," Gunnar added quickly.

"But to feed your mercenaries you're taking more from the farmsteads than the law allows," Bjorn argued.

"Law, what law?" Gunnar spat out the word like a bitter berry. "In Sogna, 1 am the law. You've spent too long hunting in the frost lands, Bjorn. When men of talent arise, they can't be bound by law."

"Is that you talking or did Astryd plant those words in your mouth?" Bjorn asked.

Gunnar was silent for a moment, but then he hissed through the steam. "I'm going to pretend you didn't say that. Listen to me, little brother, and I'll leave you with one last thought. The Danes have a king. Why shouldn't we?"

The bench flexed under Rika as one of the men stood.

"And why shouldn't it be me?" Gunnar asked. He padded to the door that led to the cooling barrels of tepid water in the next room.

How she longed to plunge into one of them herself. She'd been in the steam far too long and sweat tickled down the length of her spine. A drowsy, languid feeling sapped her strength and just holding up her head felt like too much effort.

The room began to clear, but she was unable to make sense of the formless blobs and colors that swam before her. Her eyelids fluttered, stinging moisture dripping from her lashes. She made herself focus. Dark hair. Bjorn still hadn't left the bathhouse.

She forced the hot, moist air in and out of her lungs, her head lolling. Shadows gathered at the edge of her vision. A slow spiral pulled her into the irresistible tug of blackness. She winked out like a candle flame pinched off between two fingers.

When her head slammed into the wooden bench with a thud, she didn't feel a thing.

* * *

Rika came to herself with a start, disoriented and gasping at the water. She was up to her chin in one of the cooling barrels, the excess liquid surging over the sides and splattering onto the stone floor. Bjorn stood over her, a deep furrow between his dark brows.

"You're awake." His eyes blazed. "Good. When you threatened to drown yourself to avoid my bed I thought you were just bluffing. If you really are trying to kill yourself, you've made a pretty good stab at it. Another stunt like this and I may even decide to help you with it myself."

Rika's eyes started to roll back in her head, but Bjorn grabbed the nape of her neck and splashed water on her cheeks. "No, you don't. You're not getting away that easily."

Her eyelids fluttered and then she focused on his face.

"Have you any idea what the jarl would've done to you if he'd been the one to catch you spying on him like that?"

"I wasn't-" Rika gulped at the fresh air.

"You have no business being in there. What you heard wasn't intended for just anyone's ears."

"I'm not just anyone. I'm no one." She swallowed the hard knot in her throat. "You've made me a thrall. I know no one here. Who could I tell?"

"That's what I'd like to know." He leaned toward her, hands on the edge of the barrel.

"I wasn't spying." Her voice caught. "I just wanted to get clean."

His gaze swept over her and she remembered with a jolt that she was nak*d.

She hugged her forearms across her chest and tucked her knees up to shield herself from him. Her chin quivered. She'd lost her father, her freedom, and now the last trace of her dignity. A tear trembled at the base of her lashes and then slid down her face.

Bjorn cupped her cheek with his rough hand, smoothing away the tear with his thumb. Rika was too numb to pull back from him. His touch was almost gentle. Then he turned away from her and strode across the room for a towel.

Rika decided that if he could look on her nak*dness, she could stare at him as well as he scrubbed himself unselfconsciously with the cloth. His chest was dusted with dark hair. Years of living on the sea had bronzed his exposed flesh and sculpted his muscles into hard masses. A livid scar snaked across his ribs on the right side. Even with that flaw, Rika conceded that Bjorn was well-made.

When he propped a long foot up on a bench to run the towel down his heavily muscled thigh and calf, his sex dangled between his legs. She'd seen statues of Frey, god of increase, with his outsized phallus proudly erect. The quiescent Bjorn didn't look so dangerous.

He pulled another towel from the stack of fresh ones and strode back across to her barrel.

"Get out." He held out the cloth for her. "You're looking a little ... cold."

Rika followed his gaze to her bobbing br**sts. Her n**ples had puckered into hard pink pebbles. She stood and snatched the towel, wrapping it around herself. Just before she climbed out of the barrel, she noticed a startling change in Bjorn's male member. It swelled and rose, as though possessed of a life of its own. He looked as though he might indeed have modeled for the statues of Frey, potent and virile.

Definitely dangerous. She slid her widening eyes away from him before he caught her staring.

Too late. To her surprise, he laughed.

"Don't worry. I still don't intend to force you." Bjorn closed the distance between them. He leaned toward her with a long arm braced on either side of her, pinning her against the wall. "Even though losing the dirt is a real improvement, my little mud-hen."

"Stop calling me that. I'm not a mud-hen," Rika said. "And certainly not yours."

"What shall I call you then? She-wolf?"

"I have a name."

"And you've yet to tell it to me," Bjorn said. "Though I gave you mine at our first meeting. Who are you?"

She straightened and mustered all the dignity she could when wearing only a towel. "I am Rika Magnusdottir."

"Rika." He caressed her name as he ran a hand over her close-cropped hair. "Who did this to you, my Rika?"

She cringed under his touch, a small swelling lump leaving her head tender. "Who do you think?"

"Astryd, of course." Bjorn leaned closer and inhaled her freshly washed scent. "I'm sorry she cut your hair. I didn't think about that when I let her take you. It was a thing of rare beauty. But 'twill grow back."

"If I'd known my hair pleased you, I'd have hacked it off myself. It's good for a thrall not to possess any beauty." She forced herself to meet his eyes. "If it keeps her from the unwanted attention of her master."

"I didn't say you weren't beautiful." Bjorn frowned. "You twist my meaning."

"And you ignore mine."

"I let you work for Astryd today for a purpose." Bjorn traced one of his fingers along her jaw line. "I figured that if you had to choose either serving that dragon or serving me, I'd win the contest."

He caught up one of her hands and uncurled it. Bjorn shook his head at the rough, reddened skin. A blister festered at the base of each finger. He pressed a soft kiss into her palm. "You were not made for hard labor, little one."

"Better hard labor than your bed-slave."

"And how would you know enough to make that choice?" Bjorn clasped her palm to his bare chest, covering it with his warm, dry hand. His face hovered near hers. "You'll find my bed is full of delights you haven't imagined. You see, my pleasure is only complete in giving an equal measure to my bedmate. And that means you have to be willing." His eyes widened, urging her to tumble into their black depths. "You don't know enough to choose between me and hard labor. Why, I haven't even kissed you yet."

Rika felt his heart pounding beneath her palm. Her breathing went shallow as she pressed herself against the rough planks of the wall. She backed away as far as she could, but he advanced steadily toward her. His breath was warm and moist on her lips.

She couldn't let it happen. Rika turned her head away and squeezed her eyes shut. If the beast was going to kiss her, he'd have to force her. But closing her eyes didn't make him vanish.

She heard his uneven breathing. Smelled the clean scent of his male flesh. Felt the tickle of his hair against her bare shoulder. The solid thump of his heart under her palm sent a message up her arm and her own matched his quickening rhythm. A strange stirring ruffled through her belly, clenching her gut, and sending alarming signals to her skin. A shiver rippled down her body, but she didn't feel cold. She felt warm.

All over.

Rika sneaked a peek at him. Bjorn was just looking at her, intent and sure of himself. One corner of his mouth ticked upward. He reminded her of a great tom cat waiting at a crack in the wattle-and-daub, body tensed and ready to pounce. The only trouble with that picture was that it made her the mouse. No, she'd have none of that.

"What are you trying to prove?" She opened her eyes wide and shoved against his chest. "That you're bigger than me? Stronger? That you can take me whenever you like whether I will it or no?"

Bjorn stepped back half a pace, stunned by her outburst.

"We both know all those things are true." Rika hurled the words at him. "For all your fair speech about pleasuring, we both know that while I wear this collar, you hold all the power. But there is one thing you don't control. My hatred of you. I despise you, Bjorn the Black. And if you take me unwilling, I'll hate you all the more with every rutting thrust."

For a long moment, Bjorn did nothing. Then he cupped her face with both hands and planted his lips on her forehead. A dismissive kiss, like one bestowed on an errant child. He turned away from her and stalked over to his pile of clean clothes.

"Get dressed, Rika." His voice was flat. "You've naught to fear from me. I'll not bed you till you beg me."

The tightening in her gut loosened. She breathed a sigh, but she didn't feel relieved. Her insides still writhed like a ball of snakes, first surging in defiance, then wilting in confused disappointment. But she squared her shoulders and glared at him. "In that case, I'll die a maiden."

His dark gaze slid over her, a slow, deliberate search. "That would be a terrible waste."

Chapter 4

When Bjorn and Rika entered the great hall, the meal fires had smoldered to glowing embers, producing just enough heat to keep the soapstone kettles warm. Torches burned at intervals on the walls, making the long room even brighter than during the day. Scores of burly fighting men swilled mead and gnawed on dripping haunches. Loud conversations buzzed all around Rika, men swapping insults and bawdy songs. A fistfight erupted in one corner.

Rika passed Ketil, who was seated next to Surt. Her brother had a bowl set before him, filled with a thick porridge of cracked grains and seasoned with a big dollop of butter. At least the thralls of Sognefjord ate well. Ketil smiled, lifting a hand to wave at her. She started to join her brother, but Bjorn caught her arm.

"Your work is not yet done, Rika," he said. "You're to fill my trencher and don't stint on the portions. I'm a man of great appetite." His tone left no doubt that his appetite included more than food.

She gave him a mock curtsey. "As you wish, master." The word dripped venom as it slid through her lips.

One corner of his mouth twitched, but he seemed willing to let her insolence pass unremarked.

She retrieved a wooden trencher and bowl, then made the rounds of the cooking fires. By gathering the choicest offerings she'd give him no cause to rail at her publicly. She filled his bowl with nettle soup, her own mouth watering at the thought of fresh greens after the long winter. Then she selected half a fat chicken cooked in beer, a meat pasty, two gulls' eggs, honey-glazed root vegetables, and rye bread that she slathered with elderberry preserves. The trencher groaned under the weight of the portions.

"Here now," one of the fighting men said, stopping her with a hand on her hip. "You're a pretty thing. Isn't this the redhead we saw today at the ironmongers, Kormack?"

"Leave her alone, Canute," his friend said. "She belongs to the jarl's brother."

"Then let her say so." Canute's mouth twisted under his heavy blond mustache. He ran his hand down the length of her thigh. "Do you belong to Bjorn the Black?"

"He seems to think so." She directed her gaze toward the dais where Bjorn was seated beside Gunnar. "Why don't you ask him?"

Canute swiveled his head around and met Bjorn's scowl. The intense dark eyes sent a clear warning. It reminded Rika of the wild-eyed glare of a stallion to another male who'd come sniffing around his mare. Bjorn claimed her from across the room. Canute jerked his hand away, evidently deciding not to challenge the jarl's brother.

"So he does." The big blond man's laugh sounded forced. "What do I care? There are plenty of serving girls in Sogna."

At least Bjorn's interest would spare her from being molested by any of the other men in the hall. She lifted her chin and wound through the knots of people to the dais.

"Your nattmal, master." She slid the soup bowl and trencher before him.

"You're forgetting something," Bjorn said.

"What?" She stared at the heaping trencher. There wasn't room for anything more.

"Ale." He handed her a hollow cow's horn. "Dark ale."

* * *

She snatched up the horn and turned sharply, muttering things under her breath. Things Bjorn decided he probably didn't really want to hear.

He watched her as she elbowed her way around the room to the barrels of ale. Her long-limbed body moved with fluid grace when she had room to lengthen her stride. There was tension in the set of her shoulders and grim determination in her bow of a mouth. She had spirit. He had to give her that. Still, he wasn't used to being turned down by women, and it stung his pride that this one rejected him. And with such vehemence.

But if there was one thing a second son had to learn in life, it was patience. Gunnar had given Bjorn charge of his land and the land demanded patience. Patient, back-breaking toil to clear the trees and plough the fields. Patient sowing of the seed and waiting for Frey to send the rain and sun in proper mix. Patience to wait for harvest and save back the best part for seed the next spring. Even as he worked his brother's holdings, he yearned for his own. But Bjorn could be patient.

Like having his own land, Rika would be worth the wait.

"Dark ale, just as you requested." Her pale green eyes glinted at him with the opalescence of a pair of icebergs. And just like those treacherous floating obstacles, the most dangerous part was always under the surface. She turned to go, but he gripped her wrist.

"No, Rika," he said as though explaining to a child who was trying to skip away from her chores. "You are not finished yet. I need you to hold the horn. I can't eat and hold it at the same time and if I set it down it will all spill and then you'd have to clean it up." He shrugged at her. "Save yourself more work. Sit."

"I'd rather join my brother."

"And I'd rather you sit here with me." Bjorn smiled as he said it, but it was an order nonetheless. He wondered whether she'd defy him openly. He watched a string of emotions-indignation, ire, and finally resignation-flit across her face. She sat. A worthy adversary, he judged, and one who knew how to pick her fights.

"Besides, given the way you feel about me, you don't really think I'm going to eat this without a taster, do you?" Bjorn grinned at her. "Thor only knows what kind of poison you've seasoned this with."

"What a charming idea," Rika said. "I wish I'd thought of it."

He sliced off a generous bite of the glistening chicken and held the piece to her mouth.

"I can cut my own food." Rika ignored the meat on the point of his knife.

"But can I trust you not to try to carve out my heart while you're cutting your meat? I don't think I'll chance it." He lifted the bite toward her again.

She narrowed her eyes at him and opened her lips to receive what he offered. Bite by bite, he fed her the most delectable part of his supper and offered her the nettle soup to enjoy on her own. She drank from the same horn of ale as he and used the same spoon.

When the trencher was empty, Bjorn wiped his mouth on his sleeve. "Did you get enough to eat? Is there anything else you'd like? Some honeyed fruit?"

"If you meant to show me favor in this, you failed miserably," Rika said, her jaw clenched. "When I was a little girl, I watched a man try to gentle a kestrel he'd captured by hand-feeding it. Now I know how that hawk felt."

Bjorn shook his head. "You've missed my purpose entirely. I want to assure you that you will lack nothing with me. I will treat you well." He tipped back the horn and drained the last of the ale. "I had not thought of it, but now that you mention it, that is the best way to tame a wild hawk. So, how did the man fare with the kestrel?"

"The bird bit his thumb off." One russet eyebrow arched. The hint of a smile played about her lips.

Bjorn's laugh started in his belly, rumbling and deep.

* * *

For a blink, Rika was tempted to laugh with him. He seemed not to take himself too seriously and she appreciated that in a man. But then she remembered that he considered himself her master, and that was something she took very seriously indeed. She wouldn't banter with Bjorn the Black or even be pleasant if she could help it.

From the corner of her eye, Rika noticed Lady Astryd's face growing redder by the moment. She was obviously piqued that Rika was sitting at the main table, even though it was only in the role of a servant.

"Husband," Astryd said, her voice forced and loud. "Did you know that our hall has been graced with the presence of a renowned skald? Come, Rika." Her sly smile would have melted butter. "Give us a bit of the Havamal like you did for me earlier today."

Gunnar looked at Rika expectantly. A skald in residence added to the reputation of any hall. "Is this true, little brother? Have you taken a skald captive?"

Bjorn leaned back on his bench and gave Rika a questioning look. "That's what she claims, but I've yet to hear her recite. Judging from my own experience, I'd have to say she's more scold than skald."

Rika frowned at him, but he just smiled back at her, clearly enjoying her discomfort.

Astryd's blue eyes went dark. "Show us your gift, girl," the jarl's wife urged, running her finger along the thin leather at her neck where the amber hammer rested. It was a not-so-subtle reminder to Rika that she had nothing the Lady of Sogna could not take from her. "Something from the Havamal, if you please."

Panicked, Rika looked at Bjorn. The smile left his lips and he reached out to stroke her arm.

"Your choice," he said in a husky whisper. "I won't make you perform if you don't want to. Not ever. Say the word and I'll end this."

Rika squeezed her eyes shut. Why the Havamal? Why couldn't that horrible woman ask for anything else but that? She couldn't turn down a request to recite, but they'd never believe she was a skald now. She drew a deep breath, taking the air in all the way down to her hip bones just as Magnus had taught her. It cleared her mind and helped her focus.

Then she heard him inside her head.

Chapter 5

It was Magnus's voice, rolling and clear, declaiming the most dramatic piece of the sayings of Odin in full force. Then, just as clearly in her mind she heard Magnus repeat the advice he'd given her hundreds of times: 'Rika, you must believe that you have power over everyone within the sound of your voice.'

She could do it. She had to.

In a fluid motion, Rika stood. She lifted one arm in a gesture that suggested she had tapped into a powerful source from above. The other she outstretched toward the crowded hall. She waited. She knew she was just a thrall in a shabby, ill-fitting garment, but in her mind, she saw herself robed in silk and gorgeously arrayed in a fabulous multihued cape.

The skaldic gift-Magnus had always assured her she had it. Being a skald was more than possessing a prodigious memory and a pleasant voice for recitation with skill. The best of the Nordic bards were also blessed with the ability to crystallize an image and send it to their listeners so that it formed in their minds as well. If she could only trust herself enough, open herself enough, her audience would see what she saw and she would feel what they feel. It was time, she decided, to see if the mantle of Magnus Silver-Throat had indeed passed to her.

Whether the men in the hall saw her as she imagined herself, she couldn't say, but one by one the raucous voices fell silent.

"Hear, O People of Sogna!" Her voice, low and musical, filled the great hall with a power that surprised even her. She inhaled deeply and went on. "I know an ash tree, whose outstretched limbs and deep roots pass through all the nine worlds, and Yggdrasil is its name."

A low murmur rippled through the hall. She'd struck a chord by starting with the unifying Life of the World Tree, the life that binds all the spheres together.

"Come with me, and we will journey along the mighty branches of the World Tree to far-off lands," she urged. Almost to a man, her audience leaned forward.

"We start in Asgard, that holiest place, home of the gods and of Valhalla, hope of every valiant heart, where the brave may ever live in joy." She caressed the words and thought she sensed the pulse of her audience ticking upward. "The All-Father joins us there. Odin, the One-Eyed, the wisest of all. He marches beside us, desirous of bearing us company on our journey through the nine worlds, for he has an appointment, a grim task ahead of him."

Brilliant as a lightning bolt and sharp as a blade, she felt the connection. Beyond the bond of a performer and her audience, the mystic umbilical bridged between them. Rika felt a delicious shiver tickle down their spines, and if any in the hall were still eating, they laid their knives on the benches, the better to listen.

"Next we fare to Aelfham, where all manner of pleasure abounds and the Fair Folk who dwell there are gilded with light. But human hearts can only bear so much exquisite joy. Our stay must be brief, but as we leave that enchanted world, the ethereal music of the Light Elves echoes in our ears." Rika's voice floated over the hall, dulcet-toned and airy. From the corner of her eye, she saw Gunnar's jaw sag with desire.

"Odin urges us to haste as we stop in Vanaheim, home of the All-Father's brother-god, Frey. Mighty god of strangled sacrifice, Frey, the Horned One, knows that all life springs from death, just as a seed must die before the abundance of harvest can ever be."

Solemn nods greeted this pronouncement.

"The branches of Yggdrasil take us to the fiery edge of Muspel, first of all worlds, but we dare not enter that bright, hot place. The border is guarded by one with a flaming sword, who waits for the dreadful day when he is loosed to burn the whole world with fire unending."

Rika scanned the sea of rapt faces. Did they feel the heat and smell the sulfur belching from that white-hot sphere of molten rock?

"The thick trunk of Yggdrasil runs through the beautiful realm of Midgard, this very Middle Earth, the homely land of all the races of men," Rika said simply, as her audience relaxed a bit with the familiar. "Midgard, where the lives of mortals run their course and each man's mettle is tried by his fate."

Rika lowered her arms and shifted her stance as the mood of her tale took a darker turn.

"Odin warns us past the land of Utgard, hidden high in the sky-mountains, where giants and trolls burrow in foul caves bestrewn with the bones of unwary men. We shun the evil world of Svartaelfham, home of the maggot-bitten Dark Elves. And let us not wander into Hel, that cold hall reserved for the dead by sickness and old age. The welcome there is Scarcity and the dish served at nattmal is Hunger."

She pursed her lips, and slanted her eyes at her audience. "For tonight, Odin has doings in Niflheim, where ice-bonds lock the limbs and all lust is stilled in nothingness."

Cold fire flashed in her eyes as she thrust her hands toward them. "Hear the sayings of Odin as he hung upon the World Tree, Yggdrasil's frozen root in the dark domain of eternal winter. Hear the words of the Wise One as he plundered Niflheim to bring us mortals the secret of runes. I give you," she paused, "the Havamal."

Every eye in the hall was trained upon her, transported to the misty realm of Niflheim, that accursed place of ice and shadows.

"On the windswept Tree, did I hang for nine nights."

She started softly, wringing every drop of meaning from each syllable, each percussive consonant and sibilance. Rika's lips moved, but the crowd seemed to hear Odin, the All-Father describing his own sacrifice in order to bring the secret of runes to his people.

"With spear was I pierced

And offered to Odin

Myself to myself

On that Tree

Whose roots

No man can know."

Her voice grew stronger, rasping with agony, the tension in her arms showing how the frigid bonds had held the Wise One fast.

"No bread was I given. No drink from the horn."

Her audience shifted in their seats guiltily. Every full belly in the hall churned at the thought of Odin's hunger and thirst.

"Into the depths I peered..."

Rika's eyes widened in terror. She seemed to actually see Niflheim and the runic symbols etched on icy slabs before her, enshrouded with ghostly phantoms of mist. She heard several gasps around the hall as her listeners caught the same horrific image.

"The runes, I grasped ..."

She clutched at the invisible lettering, her voice edged with hysteria.

"Screaming, did I grasp them-"

She jerked violently and stutter-stepped backward half a pace, as if toppling from a branch on the World Tree in that icy realm far away.

"And then to Midgard bearing treasure for men, did I tumble back."

She whisked her audience with her along the gnarled trunk of Yggdrasil, back to warmth and light in one blinding moment. Rika finished in a whisper that circled the hall and echoed off the hardened leather shields hanging on the walls.

Silence hovered over the hall so potent that no one wanted to break the spell. Rika had taken them on a dizzying sojourn through the nine worlds, to Niflheim and back, and her listeners could scarcely draw a breath.

"By all the gods," Bjorn swore softly. "Rika, you are a skald."

She turned to Bjorn and gave him the first real smile that had graced her lips since she'd discovered Magnus face down in the straw.

"Rika, Rika." Jorand started the chant and a couple of the nearby fighting men joined in. The cry was taken up around the hall, accompanied by scores of fists pounding on the benches. "Rika, Rika."

She raised her hand to silence them before starting on the Saga of Sigurd. The joy of her art sang in her veins, flooding her with power and charging her body with so much energy, it seemed to flash from her fingertips as she gestured.

Bjorn leaned forward, the better to watch her face. He'd never seen the like. And to think he'd believed he could take this woman captive. As he listened to her weave another spell with words, he realized that he was the one who was in real danger of being captured.

Chapter 6

He was drowning. Again and again, the waves closed over his head, dragging him down. He gulped for air, but got a mouthful of brackish water instead. Yanking off the mail shirt, he kicked back to the surface. The tips of his fingers bumped something solid. Ice. Panic rose like bile in the back of his throat.

Bubbles escaped his lips and skittered along the underside of the ice sheet, seeking a way to the world of light and air. He followed them; searching for the opening he must have slipped through. The freezing water stung his eyes. He pounded the ice with his fist, but it was too thick.

His lungs burned, screaming for oxygen. They threatened to burst out of his chest, red and pulsing like a gory blood-eagle. He'd seen done it once, a man's lungs ripped through his ribs and spread out like spongy wings across his dying back. A vicious death reserved for the vicious crime of patricide. Now he knew what it felt like.

He began to sink, his sodden clothing pulling him into oblivion. The frigid water slowed his movements and lack of air disconnected his mind from his flailing limbs. He was bound for Hel, with no chance of Valhalla. An ignominious death by drowning would not lure the Valkyries to bear him to glory. His eyes closed as he stopped struggling and accepted his fate.

Suddenly, he twirled in the water and he snapped open his eyes to see what had disturbed the current around him. A flash of green scales and cold, reptilian eyes swished by him. Jormungand, the World Serpent. The monster turned in the dark water and headed straight for him, gigantic maw gaping, ridged with a thousand flesh-tearing teeth.

He used the last bit of air in his lungs to scream.

* * *

The strangled cry woke Rika from a deep sleep, and in the dark, it took her a moment to remember where she was. Bjorn the Black's bed. But surely the piteous sound she'd heard couldn't have come from that beast.

"No!" He thrashed about, tearing through the furs and blankets that made up his bedding. One of his hands found her at the far edge and pulled her in close.

Rika realized he was still asleep and she shook him with no gentleness at all. "Wake up," she said sharply. "You're dreaming."

Bjorn jerked, chest heaving, holding her as tightly as if she were a life rope. He inhaled deeply. Rika felt his heart galloping in his chest.

There was nothing amorous in his embrace, so Rika didn't struggle. His body shuddered once. The fearsome raider was more like a small, frightened boy now, and she wondered what phantasmal image could've reduced him to this weakened state.

"A dream," he repeated. "It was just a dream."

"Do you want to tell me about it?"

"No," he said with force. "I don't need to relive it again."

She felt his barely suppressed tremble and, for just a moment, she pitied him. "Sometimes, when Ketil has a bad dream, it helps him to tell me about it," she rasped.

"That's all I need," Bjorn muttered. "Now you rank me with a half-wit."

Rika pulled away from him and sat up. "My brother is a kind and gentle person, a pure spirit who wouldn't hurt anyone. The day hasn't dawned when you're good enough to be 'ranked' with him." Her voice had a raw edge to it.

"I suspect you don't like me. You've been subtle about it, but it's beginning to sink in." He sounded weary. "What's the matter with your voice?"

"It's just tired. I've never told so many tales in one night before, but they wouldn't let me stop."

She had recited for hours, sagas and eddas one after the other, the long room alternately ringing with laughter or gone silent with hushed expectancy. Bjorn must have seen her sway on her feet from exhaustion because he'd finally stopped the storytelling by lifting her over his shoulder and carrying her bottom first out of the great hall.

Once they were in the privacy of his small room, she'd protested that she wouldn't stay with him. She'd be no man's bed-slave. He pointed out that her only other recourse as a thrall was to sleep in the main hall with all of Gunnar's retainers. When she realized that her choice was fighting off fifty men or just one, Bjorn won the argument.

"A drink would help," she said, massaging the soft skin at her throat. Rika pushed back the bedclothes and started to get up, feeling her way.

"I don't think that's such a good idea." Bjorn swung his long legs over the side. Rika heard him grope for his fire-steel, flint and tinder. He struck a spark and lit the wick of a small clay lamp. The faint light glowed on his face as he turned back to her. "Not dressed as you are now, anyway."

The scratchy tunic Astryd had forced on her made her skin miserable, so he'd given her one of his own. It was soft and spacious, and even though the cloth retained a bit of his scent, she was grateful to have it. But it hung only to her mid-thigh. Rika caught him eyeing her bare calves, so she pulled her long legs up under the fabric and hugged her knees to her chest. Bjorn was right. If she ventured into the hall where the men were sleeping dressed like this, no one would believe her if she cried rape.

"I'll fetch you some ale," Bjorn offered as he tugged up his leggings. He took the lamp to light his way and slipped out of the small room.

Huddled in the dark, she tried to puzzle out this bewildering man. Bjorn was a contradiction with feet. He was gruff and tender, fearsome and frightened, swaggering bully and willing servant. How was she to make sense of someone who blew so hot and cold? She never knew from one moment to the next which face he'd present to her. He made her feel strangely off-balance.

It was easy for her to hate the hardened warrior. The small frightened boy was something else altogether.

He came back with a long horn, brimming with the dark liquid that Rika thought tasted like warm bread.

"Oh, you've brought far too much," she protested. There was a small clay night jar in the corner of his room, but she couldn't bring herself to use it, and a trip to the privy was out for the same reason that she couldn't get her own ale. She'd have to wait till morning.

"Drink what you can, and I'll finish the rest. Maybe the ale will help me sleep." He held the horn out to her. "Please gods, a sleep without dreams," he said under his breath.

She took a small sip and let the familiar bite of the ale steal down her throat. It soothed her inflamed vocal cords and warmed her belly.

"Thank you. That helps." She sipped once more and handed the horn back to him.

He took a large gulp, his dark eyes never leaving hers. "We're both wide awake," he said, lifting the horn slightly. "We need to finish this before I can lay it down. How shall we pass the time, I wonder?" He arched a brow at her as he sipped the ale this time.

Rika slid over and leaned against the wall, tucking her legs under her. Whatever he had in mind, she was sure she wouldn't like it.

"I know." His voice was a soft rumble that reminded her of a great cat's purr. "You can tell me more about your travels with Magnus Silver-Throat."

"You wouldn't believe me when I did try to tell you."

"I'm inclined to believe you now. I've never heard a more powerful skald than you, Rika."

"Maybe I don't want you to know any more about me." She crossed her arms over her chest. "You'd just use the knowledge for your own ends."

"You're probably right about that." He chuckled. "How about a story, then?"

"Another story?" Her shoulders sagged with weariness.

"Not as a skald, Rika. You've performed enough for one night." Bjorn offered her the horn again, but this time she declined with a shake of her head, "Just a simple tale told between friends when one of them has had a bad dream."

She started to argue that they were not friends, but then she remembered that as her master, he could be demanding so much more of her at that moment. A story seemed a harmless enough request.

"What kind of story?" She reached for the horn and took another small drink. "What's the best cure for an evil dream? An epic battle? An adventure?"

"No, nothing so grand. Something soothing, I think." He moved over and leaned up against the wall beside her, stretching out his legs across the bed. "How about a maidensong, a love story? Surely you know one."

She knew several, in fact, but none that she wanted to tell to a man in his bed.

"They are forbidden in some realms, you know," she said. Magnus had warned her when he taught them to her that skalds had even been put to death for daring to compose love stories. A maidensong was powerful, as love was the most powerful force in the world. And sometimes, the most destructive. "Love stories hold as many dangers as pleasures."

"I'm inclined to risk it."

In the flickering lamplight, his smile was as intoxicating as the dark ale. She forced herself to look away.

"Come, Rika. Give me a maidensong."

She ran through the stories in her head and finally hit upon the least erotic tale in her repertoire.

"Very well, then," she said. "You shall have the tale of Ragnar and Swanhilde, a pair of doomed lovers."

"Doomed lovers," he repeated, pulling a long face. "Why does that not surprise me?" When she scowled at him, he waved his hand at her. "Please, go on."

"Ragnar fell in love with Swanhilde, a comely girl from the Hebrides, and she loved him in return. He asked for her and her father thought well of Ragnar, so the match was made. In due time, they married and he took her away to his home on a windswept crag overlooking the sea."

"He had land, then?" Bjorn tipped back the horn.

"Ja, it was a bridal gift from Swanhilde's father." Rika yawned, fighting the urge to lean against his warm shoulder. "And Ragnar built a keep for her with a high tower, so she could watch the ships coming and going."

"What was the land like?" His voice was soft and thoughtful.

"That's not an important part of the story."

"Pretend it is, and describe it for me." He closed his eyes and Rika suspected he was imagining his own land, had fate not made him a second son. She decided to send him a welcome image.

"It was a goodly land, fair and rich. The sun and rain fell upon it in equal portions, as sorrow and joy should fall upon each life."

"Mmmm." He sounded pleased. Then his eyes popped open and he turned to look at her. "No stones?"

"No stones," she assured him. "And every seed that fell to the earth returned a hundredfold."

He closed his eyes again, clearly satisfied. "It sounds a delightful place. They were happy, then?"

"Oh, ja, all that first winter they drank deep from the horn of love and found delight in each other." Since he'd closed his eyes, she felt safe to study his profile. Dark lashes rested against his high cheekbones. She was drawn to his full-lipped mouth and forced her gaze to move on. Straight nose, firm jaw, ja, all his features were pleasing. She had to give him that.

His was a strong face, an honest face. He was fine to look upon, she decided. Her heart did a strange little flop in her chest and she wondered suddenly what might have become of them if she hadn't met Bjorn over the body of her father.

He opened his eyes.

"Then came the spring." Rika quickly picked up the thread of her story and resolved not to look at Bjorn by lamplight again if she could help it. "And it was time for Ragnar to join his brothers and go viking."

"After the spring planting, of course," Bjorn said, a smile tugging at the comers of that dangerous mouth.

"Ja, of course." She smiled back, in spite of her best intentions. "But Swanhilde was desolate. 'How shall I know how it goes with you?' she cried. 'You could be wounded or fall ill.' Ragnar, being a clever man, devised a way for them to send messages at a distance. He made two white flags and two black flags and gave her one of each. 'Watch for my dragonship in the channel, and if all is well with me, my white flag I'll fly. If you fare well, drape you your white flag over the keep so that my heart may be eased also,' said he."

Bjorn breathed deeply, tension draining from his body. It seemed the evil dream receded in his mind. "That sounds a good plan."

"It was, at first," Rika said. "When weeks turned to months and Ragnar came not home, but only sailed by from time to time, Swanhilde's heart grew hard toward him. For she reasoned, when men go viking, they leave their hearts behind and take their bodies with them. She wondered if Ragnar had forgotten her in the arms of an Anglish girl. So she decided to test him."

"Oh, this is never a good thing." Bjorn shook his head.

Rika pursed her lips in reproof and then continued. "When she saw his dragonship approaching, she draped the black flag over the keep and hurried to the water's edge. There she laid herself down and told her maidservants to weep over her as if she were dead."

"Hmph!" Bjorn raised a dark brow at her. "Definitely not a good thing."

Rika ignored him. "Ragnar saw the black flag from afar and jumped into the sea, swimming with mighty strokes to beat the ship to shore. He staggered from the water and saw his love lying there, dead, as he supposed. A berserkr cry burst from his lips and he drew his dagger. Before anyone could stop him, Ragnar stabbed it into his own heart and fell down, dying."

"I knew testing the man was not a good idea," Bjorn said with a small smile of vindication on his lips.

She rolled her eyes at him. "Do you want to hear the end of the story or not?"

