1

My heart stopped, and my mouth went dry. Tre tensed, but held his position.

"She's a woman, Dan," Tre said, "not a possession. Go away."

Tre stumbled backward with Dan following, the barrel of a pistol pressed against Tre's forehead.

"Don't tell me what to do, you little shit," Dan said, shoving the gun to send Tre stumbling backward. "I'll f**king kill you and no one will give a fuck."

Dan's pale blue eyes found me, a greedy, lecherous smile curved his mouth. "I see you got the whore all ready for me." He gestured with the barrel of the gun. "Get over here, bitch."

Tre's eyes were blazing with anger and fear. He glanced at me, and I shook my head. I didn't want him to get hurt because of me. I slid off the bed, keeping the sheet wrapped around my chest.

"Lose the sheet, Shea." Dan tilted the gun toward his crotch, and then pointed it at Tre. "Get on your knees and blow me, or I'll blast the punk's head off."

I swallowed hard, my hands shaking. I didn't want to do this, but I couldn't let Tre get hurt.

"No, Shea, don't," Tre said, his voice strained. I didn't dare look at him. "Don't do it."

Dan glanced at Tre, contemptuous. Dan was shorter than Tre by several inches, thinner and had nowhere near the same bulk. He was dressed in an expensive suit, wore a Rolex and snakeskin shoes, gaudy gold rings on his fingers. His fine blond hair was coming loose at the sides, slicked back on the top. Dan was tense, nervous, fidgety, angry.

Tre, on the other hand, was nak*d except for the towel cinched around his waist. Fear and anger showed in Tre's dark brown eyes, but he was leaning back against the wall, arms crossed, seemingly relaxed. He was ready to pounce, I could tell. He had no intention of letting this happen.

I was frozen. I didn't know what to do. There was no way I could touch Dan. I'd rather die first. The problem was, Dan would kill Tre instead of me.

Dan pulled back the hammer of the pistol. "Now, bitch."

I forced my feet forward, one step at a time, still clutching the sheet to my chest. A few, far-too-short steps took me within hand's grasp of Dan. He snatched the sheet from my stiffened fingers, and I was nak*d, vulnerable. Dan reached for me again, with the hand gripping the pistol, pushed my head down. His other hand moved for his zipper, lowered it. He rooted in his boxers and pulled out his penis, still trying to force my unwilling head down.

For that split second, Tre was forgotten, all of Dan's attention focused on bending me to his will.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a flash of movement, tan skin rippling through space. I threw myself to the side as Tre collided with Dan in a bone-crunching tackle. The gun went flying, landed under a chair. Tre and Dan rolled and came to a stop with Tre on top, fists flying, bashing, smashing. Dan's face crumpled under Tre's fist, and once again I had to pull him away. Tre scrambled away from the prone, limp, and bleeding form of my husband. My ex-husband. He may not have signed the papers, but he wasn't my husband.

Tre scooped up his jeans and shoved his legs into them, then stripped the bed of its sheets. He rummaged through Dan's pockets, emptying them, then manhandled his body into a chair, using the bed sheets to tie him up.

I was still frozen, shocked.

"Get dressed, Shea," Tre ordered. I stared at him, uncomprehending. "Shea? Are you with me? I ain't stayin' here. We gotta go. Come on, baby. Get dressed."

"Go? Where are we going?"

"Anywhere. Away from here, away from him." He grabbed my bra from the handle of the bathroom door where I'd left it, handed it to me, then pulled a clean pair of panties from my suitcase, along with a pair of boy-shorts and a T-shirt.

I put them on, numb. Seeing Dan had thrown my brain out of gear and I couldn't seem to get it to click back into place. Having clothes on got me running a bit better. I packed the rest of our stuff, and then Tre grabbed our bags as well as the set of keys from Dan's pockets. The key was for an Aston Martin.

Tre vanished out the door with our things, leaving me alone with Dan, who was beginning to stir. Blood drooled from his jaw, congealed at his nose and covered his neck and shirt front. His bruised, purpling eyes fluttered, and then he jerked awake, struggled against the sheets binding him. They held tight. I scooped the gun up from beneath the chair.

Blind hate flooded through me, now, with Dan bound helpless in front of me. I could get revenge. I pressed the pistol to his head, remembering all the insults, the times he'd slapped me, the hookers, the drugs...

"Do it," Dan slurred. "Shoot me. You know you want to."

I did want to. It would be so easy. I pulled the hammer back with both thumbs, shoved the barrel into his mouth.

Then I felt firm hands pull the gun away from me, felt Tre's hands twist me aside.

"No, Shea. Let's just go. Leave him." Tre guided me to the door and pushed me through it. I heard him do something behind me, then a thump of the gun hitting the floor and Tre's hand touched me on the back.

"What did you do?" I asked.

"Wiped prints off it. I saw an episode of CSI, once, while my folks were out."

He helped me into a car, tan leather seats. Tre slipped in beside me in the driver's seat, started the car with a smooth purr. It wasn't my car, it was Dan's. The Aston Martin. His baby. His pride and joy. I grinned. Having this car stolen would really chap his ass.

Tre drove fast, enjoying the power of the car.

"Slow down, Tre," I said, shock finally wearing off. "This is a stolen car, after all."

"True." He brought the car down to a safe, legal speed.

We drove south in silence for a few miles. After a while, Tre finally glanced at me. He was antsy in the driver's seat, tapping his fingers, eyes flicking. I wasn't sure if he was nervous from having stolen a three hundred thousand dollar car, or if he was flushed with adrenaline from the fight. Both, most likely

"Are you okay?" He asked.

"It was scary. Seeing him...it threw me for a loop. I don't know why he finally showed up after all this time." I tried a smile, didn't quite succeed. "You were amazing, yet again."

Tre grinned at me, but I could see the residual fear still bubbling behind his eyes. "I just, I couldn't let nothin' happen to you, Shea. Not at the hands of that-that-bastard."

"You protected me," I said, feeling the adrenaline kick in now, after the fact, as boiling heat in my belly, a trembling anticipation in my thighs.

I don't know if Tre saw something in my eyes, or if he felt it himself, but his eyes darkened with desire, his nostrils flaring. His hand snaked across the space between us to touch the bare skin of my leg, just below the hem of my shorts. The boy's boxer's he'd thrown at me were loose, riding low on my h*ps and loose around my legs. They were something I usually slept in, rather than wore out in public, but now I was suddenly glad for their looseness.

His fingers slipped higher, moving from the solid muscle of my quad inward to the soft silk of my inner thigh. I slid down in the leather seat until the lap belt creased the light padding over my ribs beneath my br**sts. My knees spread apart to give him access. He didn't rush, though, and I knew I'd taught him well. He drew out the moment of contact, brushing close and drawing away, keeping his eyes on the road and letting his fingers explore by touch.

One finger brushed the line between my nether lips, releasing a spurt of wetness from within me. The same finger slid across my opening, searching upward for the hard button of my clit. I gasped when he found it, circled it once, and then slid down between my labia to penetrate inward, seeking the warmth and wet of my p**sy.

My eyes pressed closed, bright mid-afternoon sun flickering on my eyelids as we passed beneath trees. The engine hummed, wind roared around the open top of the convertible luxury car, and Tre's fingers explored farther in, finding the rough skin of my G-spot and rubbed it, eliciting another gasp from me.

Back out and to my clit, swirling around it in circles. I was drenched, ready for a rhythm, wanting the burst of cli**x. I wanted him to pull the car over and take me in the passenger seat.

I forced my eyes open and examined our surroundings. We were surrounded by lush, rural Mississippi beauty, the two-lane road empty in front of us and behind us. I noticed a dirt track leading off into the woods to our right. I pointed at it, meeting Tre's eyes. He grinned widely and pulled off the highway, following the track through the woods and into the forest depths. The expensive Aston Martin wasn't meant for dirt roads, bumping on ruts and pits in the neglected packed dirt. The track broke off again, and Tre followed the new off-branching, going barely ten miles per hour to preserve the suspension, and our bodies, from the rough jouncing ride.

Suddenly, within less than a mile from the highway, we were in a whole different world. The powerful engine purred quietly, barely breaking the silence of the forest. After another few hundred feet, Tre stopped the car and shut off the engine. It ticked and popped as it cooled, and after a moment or two the birds began chattering once more.

Tre's fingers had been busy while he drove away from the main highway, diving in and pulling out, circling my aching clit, teasing me with arrhythmic touches. Now, with the car stopped and his attention focused on me, he began to swirl around the nexus of nerves in narrowing circles. My h*ps began to buck and writhe in time with his fingers, and now fire began to spread in billowing waves from deep in my core throughout my body. The forest echoed with the whimpered gasps of pleasure ripping from my lips.

I came with a shriek, curling inward and then arching my back.

I went limp for a moment, and Tre smiled in satisfaction, watching me regain my strength. I sat up when the trembling in my thighs and belly had subsided to a manageable quaking.

I grinned at him, and then unbuckled, popped open the car door and slid out to circle around to the front. I watched Tre over my shoulder through the windshield as I lay on my back on the warm hood. One arm stretched over my head, I curled a finger at Tre, beckoning him. The seatbelt slid away from his chest and he got out of the car. While he circled the car to stand in front of me, I unhooked my bra and slid my arms out of the straps, leaving my shirt on, and then tossed the bra over the top of the windshield into the front seat.

Tre's hard body slipped between the V of my thighs to press against me, and his hands slid up my belly, pushing my shirt up as they went. The hard bulge of his c*ck strained the zipper of his jeans. I lifted my arms, and Tre tugged the cotton past the gravity-flattened mounds of my br**sts, over my head, and left it on the hood next to me. His lips lowered to my skin between my br**sts, then traced a line of light, tongue-fluttering kisses across to one taut nipple.

I unbuttoned his jeans, unzipped them, pushed them down past his hips, and then reached into his boxers for the hard heat of his cock. He jerked in my hands and grew thicker at my touch. His hair was in my face, and I inhaled deeply, smelling shampoo. I rubbed my thumb over the crown of his cock, drawing the pre-come from its tip, then smeared the viscous liquid down over his length with my palms.

Tre nibbled a nipple and I gasped sharply. He tugged my shorts and the panties down together, my h*ps lifting of their own accord, and then I was bare on the hot red metal of the car hood. Tre's mouth was on my breast, his c*ck in my hands, birds twittering and chattering in the branches above us, a light breeze weaving through the branches.

I felt myself drawn down the hood toward Tre, and I lifted my legs to rest them on his shoulders. His lips met mine in the instant of his shaft piercing into me, swallowing my moan. He thrust slowly, gliding in to bump h*ps and drawing out so only the tip remained within me. He paused there, his eyes burning into mine between the frame of my legs. He stroked in again, stretching my legs into my chest as he leaned forward, filling me to bursting, achingly saturated with his length and width.

He curled his fingers around my ankles next to his ears, lips parted in an outbreath, eyes heavy-lidded as he pulsed into my tight folds. I'd just come, but I felt the quivering begin in my belly, felt Tre's rhythm increasing and heard his breathing grow ragged.

Then he slowed and paused.

"What is it?" I asked.

He seemed shy, like he wanted to ask something, but was afraid to.

I fluttered my h*ps as I said, "If you want to do something, do it. I trust you."

Tre lowered my legs from his shoulders and set me on my feet, his c*ck slipping out of me in the process. I blinked and gasped at the sudden absence, especially nearing cli**x as I had been.

When I was standing, he grabbed my h*ps and turned me in place. I knew what he wanted by then, but I played dumb. I turned my head, flashing him a coy smile, waiting. He kissed me over my shoulder, then put his palm between my shoulder blades and ever so gently pushed me forward so I was bent over the car. I spread my feet apart and rested my weight on my forearms, still watching him over my shoulder, my hair falling in a cascade onto the hood.

The last time we'd done this, I'd taken his c*ck in my hand and guided him into me. This time, I waited for him.

He caressed my spine from the nape of my neck down to my tailbone, cupped one half-globe cheek of my ass in his large hand, then ran his other hand from my breast along the curve of my side to my hip, gripping the other cheek. The satin-wrapped iron of his c*ck was pressed in the crease of my ass, and he used his hands to spread my cheeks apart, clutching his c*ck in one hand now and tracing down the split line to my essence-slick slit, immersing himself into my p**sy again. I gasped as he thrust into me, once, hard, and then pulled out slowly and softly.

His hands gripped my h*ps and pulled me backward onto him, into his hips; I shrieked as he plunged deep enough to grind his h*ps against the muscle of my ass, lifting up on his toes and driving deeper. Climax rose up within me like a surging floodtide, washing through me. He pulled back, adjusted his grip on my hipbones, his wide hands spanning my waist, and then thrust in, fully and slowly. When he was inside me to the hilt, he continued to thrust, rising up on his toes, his entire torso, lifting my ass higher with his hands, driving so deep I couldn't even gasp. I was fully supported by only his c*ck and his hands, my mouth quivering wide in a silent scream.

He pulled out, holding me aloft for a heartbeat, and then let me go so I fell onto his cock. He slammed into me with an upthrust, and I came with a blinding burst of light behind my eyes, a convulsive clenching of my muscles around his cock. He growled deep in his chest, coming at the same moment as me, gushing hot seed into me, thrusting hard and fast, coming with each plunge, not giving me time to fall back down before pushing back in.

Just when I thought I couldn't come any more, any harder, Tre snaked his hands between my belly and the car hood and down to my p**sy, his fingers finding my cl*t and circling it gently as he continued to drive into me, more softly now. Aftershocks turned into a third orgasm, this even more violent than the last, my scream of raw ecstasy sending birds winging up into the sky.

Tre scooped me up with one arm under my legs and the other under my shoulders. He set me directly into the bucket seat of the car. I slumped back against the leather, panting and limp, sated into immobility.

Tre gathered our clothes and slid into the driver's seat, slumping back as I had.

"God...damn, Tre," I said, breathless still, "just...damn."

He reached over and took my hand, kissed the back of it. That action had my heart clenching.

"It wasn't...too hard was it?" he asked. "I'm always worried I'll hurt you doing it like that, but I just can't help myself, once I get going."

"Tre, do you trust me?" I asked.

He wrinkled his brow. "Yeah, but-"

"Then trust me." I mirrored his action from a moment before, kissing the back of his hand. "Did it sound like you were hurting me? Or did it sound like the best sex I've ever had?"

A hesitant grin curled one side of Tre's mouth, and I couldn't help but kiss the corner as it lifted.

"It sounded like the best sex you've ever had," Tre said.

"Damn straight it was," I said. "Although I can think of a couple other times with you that might rival it for the actual 'best ever' slot."

Tre slid his jeans on and pulled his T-shirt over his head, and I began dressing as well.

"I guess I just worry I'm gonna like, totally lose it sometime and really hurt you," Tre said as he started the car and took us back out onto the highway.

I sighed in exasperation. "Tre, let it go. Seriously. You're not going to hurt me. I'm not some delicate little flower that's going to bruise at the slightest touch. I like it rough. Not all the time, of course. Sometimes I like it sweet and gentle. So, for the love of God, quit apologizing and acting like you're some...ravaging brute, or something."

Tre laughed. "Okay, jeez, I get it." He grinned at me. "I could be a ravaging brute, though, if that's the kind of thing you're into."

I made a face of mock fear and pretended to huddle against the car door. "No, Mister Ravaging Brute, don't ravage me! I'm afraid of your monster cock!"

"You'd better be afraid! You've unleashed the beast, baby, and you're about to be ravaged!"

I cackled. "But you just did! Can't an innocent damsel get a break from all this ravaging?"

"No," Tre said, stabbing the air with his finger, "no breaks for you. All ravaging, all the time!"

"All the time?" I pretended to swoon. "I don't even get to sleep?"

"Nope. I'll ravage you in your sleep too. I'll even ravage you in the bathroom."

"Well, you've already done that, at least once," I said, with a lecherous smile.

"Hmmm," Tre put his finger to his chin, "So, I've ravaged you in the bathroom, in a bed, bent over a bed, on a couch, in a car-or, well, sort of-and on a car...I'm not sure there's anywhere left."

"Well," I said, "I can think of a few places."

"Oh yeah? Like where?"

"An elevator," I said. "Or a changing room, or on a boat, on an airplane, in the water...ummm...where else can you have sex?"

"You mean where can you that you shouldn't?"

I lifted an eyebrow at him. "Well, kind of, I suppose. I can't see a problem with hav**g s*x in public places, as long as you don't get caught. I'd imagine it would be kind of a rush, now that I think of it."

Tre made a face that told me what he was going to ask next. "Have you ever done it in those places?"

"Haven't we already had this conversation too?" I asked. "But, if you must know, no, I haven't. Not in any of those places. Actually, just now with you on the hood of the car was the first time I've ever even done it outside."

"Wanna try?" Tre asked.

"Try what?"

"All those places." He glanced at me, and I realized he wasn't kidding.

I stared at him. "Are you serious?"

He nodded. "Totally serious. It was for real hot doing it with you on the car, outside."

"You want to have sex with me in a public elevator? And you wouldn't be completely and totally horrified if someone walked in on us?"

He shrugged. "It would be embarrassing, sure, but like you said, it seems like it would be a rush."

"You're serious?"

"Why not?"

I shook my head. "I just didn't think you'd...I don't know. I guess I thought you'd be more conservative, for some reason. "

"Well, I guess you really did unlock something inside me," he said, putting his hand on my knee, his voice more serious now. "I mean, I just can't get enough of you. Even when I just had you, I want you again."

"Right now?"

"All the time," Tre said.

I put my hand on his leg and slid it upward, touching the zipper of his jeans. "It doesn't seem like you want me right now," I said.

"Well, keep on touching me. You'll see," Tre said, smirking.

I opened his pants and revealed his semi-erect cock, watching him through lowered lashes as I traced light lines on his firming flesh with my fingertips. I used only my fingers on him at first, sliding and twisting, rubbing in circles around the crown, tickling the fine hairs on his tightening sack, stroking the muscle just behind his balls and spreading the leaking clear fluid of his pre-come. He was fully erect again in no time. I unbuckled and leaned over him, touched my tongue to him.

He smelled and tasted of our combined essences, a strong musky flavor that was totally different from his usual clean male taste of salt and skin and man. It wasn't unpleasant, only different.

I wanted to do this differently than usual. Instead of taking him into my mouth, I added my own saliva to the juices smeared on his length, caressing him in a smooth, circular, rolling motion with my hands. When he began to roll his h*ps in time with my pumping, I paused with one hand to cup and squeeze and massage his engorged head with my palm. I licked the very tip of his c*ck with my tongue, kissing the side of it, all the while stroking his base with a fist, bringing his h*ps to a rocking rhythm again.

I ceased moving my hand once his motion started to become desperate, working his tip solely with my tongue, sliding it around the groove under the head, taking only the first inch into my mouth and sucking gently. I glanced up at him as I took him sideways into my mouth so his c*ck bulged out my cheek; his fists gripped the steering wheel so hard his knuckles were white.

I felt the tires buzz on the rumble strips at the road edge. "Eyes on the road, Tre," I said.

"Can't help it," Tre said through gritted teeth. "Watchin' you put my c*ck in your mouth is hot."

"Then pull over," I said, moving my hand on his length. "Wouldn't want to get in a wreck. That'd put a damper on our plans to have sex in public."

He pulled the car to a stop on the side of the road, watching me as I bobbed my lips around his first inch of hard, throbbing flesh. "Does that mean we're doing the sex-in-public list?"

"Mmmm-hmmmm," I hummed my affirmative response, and Tre's eyes fluttered at the vibrations.

An idea struck me, and I had to stifle my grin of anticipation. I had a feeling he'd be a little...surprised by what I was about to do, and I didn't want to give away my plan.

I continued to work his base with one hand and his pulsating head with my mouth. My other hand cupped his balls, massaged them, and then slid down farther to his taint, pressing in circles. He moaned and rocked his hips, and this time I didn't pause, but I did slow down my ministrations. I didn't want him to come, not yet.

My middle finger slid from his taint inward, and now Tre's eyes flicked to me in surprise and not a little consternation. "What-what're you doin', Shea?"

I smiled and licked his c*ck from base to tip, stretching him away from his body and stroking him with my fist, moving my finger closer and closer to my goal. Tre's eyes widened and his body went still as I found the tight hard knot of muscle and pressed, lightly at first. His eyes were locked on mine, his nostrils flaring and his mouth pressed in a thin, flat line.

"Trust me?" I left my finger in place, but didn't press inward, yet.

"I trust you all right," Tre said, "But-"

"But what?" I slowed my strokes on his c*ck as he began to near cli**x.

He hissed in frustration. "I don't know. I guess I never thought-"

I sped up incrementally and applied a tiny bit of pressure with my finger. "You did it to me, and I enjoyed it. A lot."

A little more pressure, and my fist moved faster. Tre closed his eyes and let his h*ps roll, driving his c*ck into my mouth. He wasn't objecting anymore, so I pushed in farther, slowly and carefully. His mouth split in a gasping 'O', and his body curled in even as his h*ps rocked faster. He was close, now. I let him thrust his length into my mouth, caressing his base in blurring rhythm, pulsing my middle finger deeper by subtle increments up to the first knuckle.

Tre's forehead was resting against the steering wheel between his clenched fists, fluttering his h*ps frantically, gasping, "Oh god, oh god, oh god."

I bobbed my head, taking him deep and then almost out, pausing with the tip between my lips to suck until my cheeks hollowed. Tre's teeth clenched and ground together audibly, and then he spasmed, arching backward without warning. I moved with him, sucking his head furiously and moving my fist along his length as fast as my hand would go, pulsing my finger back and forth. His entire body was rigid in the driver's seat, his face thrown back to the sky, his breath stuttering.

And then he came. Oh, my lord. He came so hard his seed shot down my throat before I had a chance to swallow, and then again. I kept sucking, kept sliding my hand on him, and he kept coming until I lost count of how many times he spurted thick, salty heat into my throat.

At long last his body went limp. At that moment, I heard the unmistakable and heart-stopping whoop-whoop of a police cruiser's siren behind us. I swore, and zipped and buttoned Tre back up as hurriedly as I could, then dug my cell phone out of my purse without sitting up. I waited until I heard the clip of the officer's boots. Before I sat up, I wiped my face clean on my sleeve.

Tre was limp, sweating, and panting. He turned his head on the headrest to regard the jowly, overweight officer. I sat up, clutching my cell phone.

"What exactly is going on here?" the officer demanded, his voice gruff and low.

"I dropped my cell phone," I answered. "It slid beneath his seat so far we had to stop to get it." I held up my phone.

The officer eyed Tre, who was slowly regaining composure. "Then what's wrong with him?"

"He's been a bit under the weather recently," I said. "Bit of a stomach ache, low fever. It's been coming and going, you know how it is. He'll be fine for a bit, and then it hits him again."

The officer didn't look like he believed me, but he seemed to realize he didn't have much choice. "Hmm. Well, move along. If the boy ain't feelin' good, you best get him home. Behind the wheel of a car ain't the place for him if he's sick. 'Specially one this expensive."

The officer's radio crackled at that moment, and he gave us both one last resentful, disbelieving glare before going back to his car. Tre's hand clamped around mine.

"Go, Tre," I said. "Drive. Slowly."

Tre nodded, once, a jerk of his head, and then pulled the car into gear. He slipped out into the lane and added speed slowly until the cruiser was out of sight.

"Holy shit," Tre breathed, and then laughed, an edge of hysteria to his voice.

"Holy shit is right," I said. "That was a close one."

He glanced at me, grinning. "Yeah it was. I thought he was gonna arrest us for sure."

I squirmed my hand out of his and touched his zipper. "And what'd you think about what I did?"

Tre shook his head. "I didn't know it was possible to come that hard. I mean, I thought I was going to actually explode right in half." He shifted in his seat. "I wasn't sure at first, about...where you put your finger. I'm still not sure how I feel about it, in some ways, but-"

"You liked the end result, though, right?"

He shook his head again. "It was unbelievable."

I happened to glance in the side mirror, and saw red and blue lights flashing far behind us. "I think you'd best gun it, Tre. And find a side road to pull off."

He didn't ask questions. He saw it, too. The engine roared and the vehicle bolted forward. We were already going nearly seventy, but when Tre floored it, the car jumped forward hard enough to squeal the tires and fishtail before he got it under control. The flashing lights fell away behind us, the empty road speeding past us in a green blur. A county road split across the highway ahead of us, and Tre slowed down, then jammed the brakes, spun the wheel, and gunned the engine again. The Aston Martin turned into a sideways slide, hit gravel, tires spitting, and rocketed forward, still on an angle. Tre righted the car again, slowing enough to let the back end straighten, and then powered the car forward. We heard a siren now. We were kicking up dust, and I knew we had to get off the dirt road.

I'd never run from a police car before, and I knew Tre hadn't either. My heart was pounding in my chest.

"We've gotta get off the dirt, Tre," I said. "It's leading him straight to us."

Tre just nodded. After half a mile or so, we came across a parallel highway and Tre pulled onto it, turning north, rather than back south. The engine roared and I watched the speedometer hit one hundred within seconds. Another county road dissected the highway and Tre turned onto it, eastward now. I twisted in my seat, scanning for the lights of the pursuing cruiser. I didn't see it, but kept watching anyway.

Tre wound his way from county road to highway in a maze of random turns, driving at reckless speeds. Eventually I knew we'd lost our pursuit. I pointed to a turn-off on the county road we were travelling, and Tre pulled over.

"We're clear," I said, flopping back in the seat.

Tre unclenched his hands from the wheel and fell back as well, scrubbing his face.

"Holy shit," he breathed.

"Holy shit is right," I said, then laughed. "Deja vu."

We both cracked up in uncontrollable then, flushed with the hysteria of post-adrenaline rush.

"Does this mean we're fugitives, now?" Tre asked.

I couldn't tell if he was panicked or not.

"Possibly," I said. "I find it hard to believe Dan would call the cops, since he's not exactly always operated on the legal side of things, but when it comes to this car, anything's possible."

"I know this is an expensive car," Tre said, "but exactly how expensive?"

I laughed. "Tre, this car is worth almost half a million dollars. Three hundred thousand, easily."

"Fuck," Tre said. "That's a lot of money."

"It's more than most people make in two or three years. Especially down here." I glanced at Tre. "I don't think you understand how bad it will have pissed Dan off to know we took his car. This thing is his one true love. If he catches us, he'll kill us, now."

"And you said he could find us, wherever we went?"

I nodded. "Pretty much. I might be able to work out a deal with him, though."

"What kind of deal?"

"I'm pretty sure he'd do anything to get his car back intact. I'll contact Dan when we get to the coast. Tell him we have his car and we'll tell him where it is if he swears to leave us alone."

"Think it'll work?" Tre put the car back into drive and found the nearest highway.

I shrugged. "It's worth a try. It'll buy us time to get away, at least. There's no guarantee he'll keep his word once he has it back, though."

Tre blew out a long breath between his teeth. "What'd we do, Shea?"

I laughed. "Made an enemy?"

"I guess we did." He scrubbed his face with his palm. "So now what? Where do we go?"

I shook my head. "I'm not sure. I was thinking south, to the Gulf? Or the Caribbean? The money I stole from Dan is an account in the Bahamas. We could go there, get some cash and figure something out."

"You mean like really go all fugitive? Get fake identities and all that?"

I laughed. "Well, I hadn't thought of that, but sure. It's not a bad idea, actually. I wouldn't know the first thing about where to start, but we could figure it out together."

"Well that's it, then, I guess." Tre slammed his hand into the steering wheel.

I took one of his hands in mine. "You know there's no going back from this, Tre."

He just laughed. "Shea, there was no going back for me a long time ago. I was done for the moment I followed you up the hill behind my dad's church."

"Done for how?" I asked.

The silence was sudden, tense, and thick.

"Just done for. That's all. I couldn't go back to the way I was. 'Specially after you let me in your house." He glanced at me; he was evading, and I let him. "You was wearing this little sundress. I think you was the sexiest thing I ever seen, right then. 'Course, I ain't seen you nak*d, then."

I smiled. "Your accent is back." I rubbed my thumb on his knuckles. "You know what that means?"

"Nuh-uh," he said. "I mean, no."

"It means you're not answering my question."

He shifted in the seat and looked in the rearview mirror rather than at me. "I thought we wasn't-weren't, I mean-putting things in boxes."

"Things have changed a bit since I said that." I threaded my fingers into his. "I don't just mean our circumstances."

"Then what do you mean?"

I shook my head. "Nope. You first."

"God, Shea. You're killing me, here." He lifted our joined hands and scratched the side of his nose with a thumbnail, then kissed the back of my hand. "You really wanna have this talk now?"

"Can you think of a better time? Are you scared?"

He nodded. "A little, yeah. I don't know what's happening, what we're going to do. We're kind of stuck together now. And no, I guess now's as good a time as any."

"Is that a bad thing? Being stuck with me?"

Tre furrowed his brow. "'Course not. There ain't-isn't-anyone I'd rather be stuck with. Not in the whole world."

My heart skipped a beat. "But you don't know that many people."

"Don't need to. Just need to know you."

"And you don't mind that I'm an old lady?" I grinned to make it a joke, but he saw past it.

"Not if you don't mind that I'm a snot-nosed kid."

"Seriously, though. Does the age difference bother you?" I asked.

It was a question that had bothered me for a while but had never mustered the courage to ask.

He shrugged. "Not really. I mean, there's differences, I guess, sure. But they don't usually bother me. I don't like thinking about you with anyone else, but I know you have, and that's a part of who you are. I know there's gotta be times when I seem young to you. I know I grew up under a rock, and there's a lot I don't know about."

"Yeah, but you're good at what matters."

"Ravaging you?" He grinned.

I slapped his shoulder. "Be serious for a second," I laughed. "Yes, that too. But I meant other things. You may have grown up under a very small rock, but you know how to take care of me. You protect me. I feel safe with you. You may not be wise in the ways of the world, but you're there for me when I need you."

"How could I not be?" Tre asked. "You're amazing. I still don't know what you see in me, but if you want to be with me, I ain't gonna argue."

I stared out the window. This was turning intense.

"I see you," I said, after a long silence. "You're not just a sheltered preacher's son. You're so much more than that."

His answer was quiet. "I am now, at least."

"You always have been, Tre."

We drove south in silence after that, fingers twined.

2

The Gulfport-Biloxi International Airport was hot, humid, and crowded. Tre had parked Dan's Aston Martin in the farthest corner of the bottom level of a long-term parking structure. The top was up, the doors locked. We took the key with us and locked it in a storage locker. My plan was to fly to Nassau and contact Dan there. I'd sent the key for the storage locker, which in turn had the key to Dan's car, by mail to Dan's casino in Atlantic City.

It wasn't a great plan, and I could see a lot of flaws in it, but it was the best I could come up with at the last minute.

We paid cash for two first class tickets to Nassau. The first class lounge was an amazing place, to a backwater country kid like Tre. We didn't dare entirely relax, yet, though, so we didn't drink. I'd feel safer once we got to Nassau.

The plane boarded, and we took our seats. It was crowded flight, every seat filled. Once we were airborne, Tre looked at me, and then the small bathroom, and then back at me. He wiggled his eyebrows. I looked around me at the packed seats, all the people. I felt a rush of excitement at the thought of sneaking into the bathroom with Tre. I'd never done anything like that before. For all my life experiences, I'd never done anything risky or potentially embarrassing. I'd run away with a perfect stranger, but that was different. I'd been suffocating in Savannah. Sex with Tre was always great, and I could imagine the thrill of doing it in a public bathroom.

The "fasten seat belts" light was off, so I stood up and moved past Tre to the aisle.

As I passed him, I leaned forward and whispered in his ear, "Wait a few minutes, then come in."

We'd both changed clothes in the airport, and I was wearing a calf-length skirt with a sleeveless blouse. I made my way to the bathroom, closed the door behind me, but didn't lock it. I slipped my panties off and balled them in my fist, then waited for Tre.

Was I really going to do this? In the bathroom of an airliner? Oh, my lord, yes. I most assuredly was. I felt a wet heat spreading between my thighs, damp desire. I lifted the hem of my skirt up and pressed my finger to my clit, and a lightning bolt struck. I pictured Tre, nak*d and eyes blazing, defending me. My circling finger sped up, and I had to lean back against the wall for support, my knees buckling from pleasure.

I was near cli**x when I heard the door latch moving and dropped my skirt, in case it wasn't Tre. It was, and his eyes were dark with desire. He locked the door behind him, and I wasted no time getting his shorts down around his ankles and his already-hard c*ck in my fist.

I turned him to sit on the toilet, hiked my skirt around my h*ps and lowered myself onto him, facing away. He speared into me, and I had to bite my lip to keep from crying out as he slid deep inside me.

"God, you're so wet," he breathed in my ear.

I leaned back as far as I could, nipped his earlobe as he thrust into me, swiftly and silently. "I was touching myself, thinking of you," I said.

He grunted in reply, kissing my neck. His fingers slid up my belly, underneath my blouse and tugged the cup of my bra down, accessing my nipple. His other hand skimmed down and touched my clit. I turned my face into his, pressing my lips against his rough-stubbled cheek.

His thrusts were slow and powerful, and I could feel how close he was, already, thick and throbbing within me. His finger sliced in fiery circles around my aching clit, driving me to silent, searing orgasm. He gritted his teeth together so hard I could hear them creaking in his jaw; his fingers pincered around my nipple as he came, and I gasped out loud, and Tre's hand slid from my p**sy to my mouth, silencing me as I whimpered. His seed flooded my walls and his fingers rolled my nipple, his hand across my mouth smelling of my musk, mingling with the dank scent of the airliner bathroom.

When he finally stopped his frantic plunging into me, I stood up. He reached for the toilet paper as I did, and he cleaned me with tenderness that took my breath away. As odd and unappealing as it seemed, there in the tiny, smelly bathroom of a passenger jet was when I realized the truth of my feelings for Tre. He cleaned me after our lovemaking, carefully and thoroughly, and something about that intimate action broke down the last of my resistance to him.

I gazed down at him, letting my emotion show through my eyes. He saw it, and opened his mouth to speak, but I silenced him with a kiss.

"Not now, Tre," I whispered. "Wait, and then come out."

I still had my panties stuffed in one fist. I handed them to Tre with a grin, and then adjusted my skirt, smoothed my ruffled hair, and left the bathroom. I found my seat and pretended to be absorbed in the celebrity gossip magazine I'd brought with me. A minute or two later, Tre resumed his seat by the aisle. I'm pretty sure we earned a few knowing smirks and snickers, but none of the flight attendants approached us.

When we were comfortable and it seemed no one was going to throw us out of the plane mid-flight, Tre turned to me and leveled a look that told me he wanted to talk.

"In the bathroom," he began, "you seemed-"

"Yes, things are changing, for me," I cut in. "When we first started out, I wasn't sure what it was between us. Honestly, at first, I just wanted you. You're so hot, so different from anything I've ever known. You're sweet and genuine and caring. You seem to like me for me, not just for sex."

"Of course I like you for more than sex," Tre said. "Is there any other way?"

I laughed, honestly amused at his naivete. "Tre, in a situation like ours-I mean aside from the whole car-stealing business and whatever-most guys would be just in it for the sex. As soon as that stopped being fun, or I stopped being interesting or taking care of them, they'd be gone."

Tre sat back, thinking. "Do you feel like you're taking care of me?"

That wasn't the question I'd expected. "I don't know. I mean, yeah, kind of. Financially, at least."

Tre made a face. "I don't like that. I want us to be...partners, or equals. You shouldn't be taking care of me. I know you've got money, but I can work. I can make money."

"I know. But that's not really important right now, is it?"

He shook his head. "No, guess you're right. We can figure that out once we sort out-"

"Everything else. Like, what are we? Where are we going? What's our long-term plan?"

"So we're ready for boxes, then?" Tre asked.

I bobbled my head side to side. "Boxes? I don't like boxes. But, I like being with you. I know that much. I really, really like hav**g s*x with you. I feel safe and comfortable with you. And, I promise, I do believe you're capable of providing. We may not need it, since I'm pretty set, but it's nice to have, you know?"

"Yeah. It's stolen, though, and I'll be honest, a part of me is uncomfortable with that. I haven't had much choice since leaving Yazoo, obviously, but if we go somewhere, I'll find a job. I can do anything." He twisted in his seat to face me. "So, are we together, then?"

I laughed. "Yes, we are. I mean, assuming you want to be?"

"Of course I do," Tre said. "I can't picture anyone else."

"Well, you haven't been with anyone else, have you?"

"No, and I don't want to be with anyone else." Tre shrugged, dismissing the idea.

Silence for a while, then I asked, "So, then, where are we going from Nassau?"

Tre laughed. "Well hell, I don't know. I've never left Mississippi." He stared out the window, then turned back to me. "I guess we could just take it one day at a time. See where we end up, where we like to be, and stay there."

It was a simplistic way of putting it, I thought. But then, why couldn't it be simple? Just find somewhere we like to be, and stay there?

It suddenly sounded like a wonderful idea.

We hired a private flight from Nassau to St. John's. We'd moved my account, taken some cash, and left Nassau within twenty-four hours. It was too local, too familiar, too easy to find. I wanted to be somewhere obscure.

We sat in the back of the twin-engine float plane, hand in hand, watching the ocean ripple beneath us. The pilot was a taciturn, bearded, older man who'd taken our cash and lifted off without a word, no names asked, no flight plan logged. We'd paid extra for that service.

He set down off shore, props still spinning. Tre offloaded our luggage into the waiting outboard motor skiff, and the plane was gone within seconds. The boat pilot nodded and smiled, but didn't speak.

A few minutes of bouncing on the pale blue waves and we were bumping against a dock, surrounded by a forest of bobbing masts. Once again Tre threw our luggage-two suitcases and two carry-on backpacks-to the dock and we left the boat, which backed out and puttered away.

St. John's. Tre and I glanced at each other, at the lush, tropical vegetation and dots of houses peeking from between the trees, and then back at each other. A taxi skidded to a stop next to us and a young man with curly black hair jumped out, grabbed our suitcases and threw them into the open trunk.

"Come, come. Hotel, this way," the young man said, waving to us.

Tre shrugged and climbed into the taxi, pulling me after him. The taxi ride was frightening. I'd been on rollercoasters less hair-raising. The driver dodged between trucks full of produce, other taxis, private vehicles, mopeds, and pedestrians, all at a breakneck pace, honking. I clutched Tre's hand and laughed, a little hysterical.

The taxi came to a screeching stop at a Sheraton. The driver jumped out, carried our luggage into the lobby without consulting us.

"Come, come. Best hotel. Luxury hotel. Stay. Enjoy Love City," he said, a bright smile showing rows of white, even teeth against his dark skin.

We paid him and went in, deciding to go with the flow.

"You know he probably gets a kickback from taking us here," I told Tre.

He shrugged. "I'm sure. But does it matter? Now we don't have to look for somewhere to stay right off the bat. We'll figure something out long term later. For now, let's just chill."

"Chill?" I grinned. "What kind of chilling?"

Tre licked his lips and leaned close to whisper his answer as we approached the concierge. "The kind where you don't have any clothes on."

I laughed. "Well, of course. Is there any other kind?"

"Nope."

We got a room on the twentieth floor, a single. We spent the day touring downtown St. John's, doing the tourist thing. We didn't go back to the hotel until well after midnight, footsore and happy.

The lobby was deserted, only a bored concierge on duty behind the desk. The elevator was equally deserted. Tre had my skirt up around my h*ps within seconds, his fingers brushing into me.

"Tre," I laughed, "you have to push a button for the elevator to move."

"I will," he muttered, lifting my shirt to take a nipple into his mouth.

"What if someone wants to take this elevator?" I asked.

"There's others."

He silenced any further questions by kissing me, one hand between my legs, stroking me gently, sending heat billowing through me. I hadn't been horny when we got on the elevator. I'd been looking forward to a hot shower and a soft bed, and Tre's arms around me as I slept.

I couldn't resist his tongue's sweep against my lips, his fingers delving into my soft folds, which grew wetter and readier with every passing moment. I couldn't resist his hand cupping my breast, his lean h*ps pressing me against the elevator wall. Most of all, I couldn't resist his urgency, the desperation with which he touched and kissed and held me. As if he'd starved his whole life for the attention I offered.

His desperation fueled my own, and I realized I was as in need of affection as he was. It was suddenly no longer just about his fingers in my p**sy or his tongue in my mouth, or his hard c*ck in my hands as I felt myself lifted up and pinned against the wall. It was about him. It was about the reason he touched me, the delicate fury of his slow penetration into me. It was about the light in his eyes as he lifted me up and slid me down to bury his shaft inside me.

It was about his voice in my ear, whispering my name. "Shea, oh god, Shea."

It was my reply, torn from my lips: "How have I lived my entire life without you?"

He didn't answer, just lifted up on his toes as I lowered my hips, and whispered my name again.

Neither of us slowed or stopped when the elevator dinged and the door whooshed open. "Oh, shit. Um, excuse me," came a shocked male voice. The doors closed and we were alone again.

Tre laughed into the skin of my neck, and then fell silent once more. I dragged my fingertips across his jaw, turned his face up to mine, kissed him, eyes open, tried once again to let what I was feeling show through.

He came with soft gasp, and I came with him, our lips touching in a stilled kiss.

After another moment of heaving breath and sparking, meeting eyes, Tre let me down and touched the button for our floor. It was a short ride and a shorter walk to our room. He swiped the card and shoved open the door.

His seed was running down my leg as he stripped me of my clothes. Naked himself, now, he scooped me in his arms and set me on the bed. I watched his tight ass move as he set the tub to filling with steaming water, then came back for me.

Neither of us had said a word since we'd entered the hotel.

He stretched out on the bed next to me, our skin pebbling in the cool air of the hotel, and ran his hands on my skin, touching me everywhere. He began at my face, brushing stray strands of hair from my cheek, kissed my nose and forehead and cheekbones, then my mouth and my neck. His fingers roved across my shoulders, down my arms, tangled with my hands and then back to my ribs, lifted the weight of my br**sts and kissed underneath them, the mounded sides, and then the taut n**ples, each in turn. His fingers drifted southward along my belly while his mouth remained at my br**sts.

I felt his c*ck against the outside of my thigh, a soft lump between us. The water poured into the tub, the only sound in the room but for my soft sighs. I took his soft manhood in my hands and rolled in it my palm, turning on my side to watch it grow at my touch. It was gradual at first, just a twisting of the curled, limp flesh, veins straightening. Then there was subtle firming of the skin, a tightening of the sagging skin of his balls. I traced the length of him with a fingernail, and his c*ck jerked, grew perceptibly larger. It no longer hung down to lay against his thigh, but rather stood semi-erect, as if in anticipation.

His hand carved down the curve of my hip to my thigh, cupped my ass and continued its downward slide to my thigh, running along the outside. When he reached the extent of his arm's length, his hand drew upward once more, this time along the inside. My thighs trembled in delicious preparation of his soft, insistent, tender touch.

His fingers parted my thighs, traced the crease of my labia. I sighed in pleasure, and his c*ck went rigid in my hands. I caressed his length in a loose fist, barely brushing his veined flesh. His c*ck was a heated steel rod in my hands, swathed in softest silk, pulsing with blood, aching for my touch, bobbing with his breathing, tip glistening with dewdrops of pre-come.

And then I was airborne, lifted effortlessly in his brawny arms and carried to the tub, lowered gently into the steaming water. He turned off the faucet and climbed in behind me, sloshing water over the side. I lay with my back against his chest, his c*ck jammed between our bodies. I turned my face up to kiss his jaw, wrapped my arm behind me and pulled his head down to mine. Our lips met, bumped, touched, and then locked together. Heat diffused through us, from the water and from our bodies, from the steam in the air and the fires of desire in our bellies.

He slid his hands beneath my ass and lifted me up. I braced myself with feet and hands, still kissing him, and then reached down between us and guided the thick crown of his shaft to my entrance. He didn't thrust in immediately, but wrapped his hands beneath my thighs and held me aloft as he gently and slowly nestled himself inside me, a centimeter at a time, careful to not break the suction keeping the water out of me.

By the time he was buried to the hilt, his arms were trembling from supporting my weight. He drew his knees up and slid down in the tub so I was sitting on top of him, impaled by him. I leaned back and rested my head on his shoulder, cupped his face in my hands and whispered his name as our bodies rocked in slow, undulating rhythm, sending waves of bathwater rippling between us.

His lips crushed against mine again, stealing my breath in a searing kiss. Gentle hands brushed my shoulders and slid down my backbone, caressed both br**sts and squeezed them, pinched the n**ples and rolled them, causing my h*ps to buck in affirmation. I moaned into his mouth when one of his hands descended the slope of my belly and dipped without pause into my p**sy. I used my feet against the far side of the tub as leverage to lift my h*ps and sink down on his hard, scorching shaft, moaning loudly now.

He continued to toy with my sensitive n**ples and circle the hard nub of my cl*t as he thrust into me, gasping in tandem with me now. His heartbeat was a steady drum against my back, his voice an encouraging groan in my ear, his body both hard yet soft beneath me, driving into me in a way that filled me as never before, striking deep, deep within me.

As his body penetrated mine, I felt his heart and soul piercing me as well. As in the bathroom, and in the elevator, this sensate experience with Tre delved far beyond the pale of mere sexual contact. It was a turning point, of sorts. It had been coming for a long time, building in incremental degrees, and this was the apex.

Water sloshed around us, our moans of bliss morphed into cries of ecstasy, voices twined, bodies rocking in pulsating synchronicity, raw emotion coiling like serpents in the air, unspoken but all too real.

And then he changed everything.

He came, saying, "Goddamn, Shea. I love you so much."

The cli**x that burst through me was as much emotional as physical. I hadn't heard those words in so, so many years. They knifed into my heart as his essence washed through me, as his body merged with mine. I felt my inner muscles clamp down around him and my arms clenched around his neck, my lips locked on his and I came with a deep, wracking sob.

"Oh god, Tre. Oh god. Yes." I gripped his hair in my fist and craned my neck to peer into his eyes. "Say it again, Tre."

He thrust hard into me. "I love you, Shea." Another thrust, and my eyes closed involuntarily at the piercing pang of pleasure. "I love you."

I cried and laughed, rocked my body on his, and cli**xed with every fiber of my being. My body curled down onto him, and I was helpless against the writhing bliss that rocketed through me, aftershock upon aftershock.

Our shudders subsided and I could breathe once more. I lay on him in the tub, still impaled by him. I opened my mouth to speak, but he kissed me quiet.

"Don't say it just to say it back," Tre told me. "Say it if and when you want to, because it's what you feel."

I nodded, and let myself go limp. We drowsed in the water until it went cool and then drained it, stood and turned on the shower to clean up. We toweled each other dry, trading kisses on random patches of revealed skin, and then cuddled together in the bed, the cool sheets warming quickly with our body heat.

I slept, long and deep, waking to a crack of morning light piercing between the gap in the heavy curtains. The air beyond the covers was cold, smelling of hotel air conditioner. Tre was on my left, his face lax in sleep, thick black hair sleep-mussed and drifting across his cheek and forehead. I swept it aside with my finger, and he nudged his face into my palm in his sleep, like a puppy seeking affection.

He stirred, rolling from his back to his side, seeking me with his hands. I let him pull me close, clutch me against him. He wedged one of his thighs between mine, his arm flung over my hip possessively. His c*ck was hard, poking into my belly, a hot length stabbing just beneath my ribs.

I lay awake, watching him sleep, feeling the last bricks in the wall around my heart crumble.

I loved him.

The realization didn't frighten me.

I wasn't aware at first of my hands drifting between us to curl around his cock. His eyes cracked open and a smile touched the corners of his lips. He didn't move or speak, just gazed at me through half-lidded eyes. I just held him at first.

Then I lifted my leg and hooked it over his hip and guided the tip of him to the damp heat of my entrance. I didn't slide him in, yet. His eyes opened farther, and his hand tightened on my hip.

"I love you, Tre." A shift of bodies, and he slipped in. It was the most natural feeling in the world, now, to feel him fill me. "God, I don't know how it happened, but I love you."

Tre chuckled, a low rumble in his chest. "It happened because we're meant for each other."

Silence, fire and motion and slow breaths in the cool air.

"You think we're meant to be together?" I asked, tangling my fingers in the soft curls at the back of his neck.

"Yep," he said, his hand on the small of my back, pushing me closer against him. "You're my home. Yazoo City was just the place I grew up. I don't care where we are, or where we go, or what we have or don't have. All's I need is you, Shea."

I melted. I was curled around him, filled by him, caressed and held and loved by him. Our motions were slow, unhurried, no longer desperate. Each pulse of his body into mine was a glide of his heart further into me, a slip of his soul tighter around mine, a tangling of his life more thoroughly with mine. We clawed at each other, lips touching faces and shoulders, teeth biting and nails digging, all in an attempt to draw more completely into the other.

I wanted to be inside him, to be not me, not us, but one single person all melded and braided from the twin skeins of self.

We moved thus together for what might have been an eternity. All I knew was the glint of morning light in his eyes, the soft strength of his hands. I was above him now, riding him, leaning back and devouring the sensation of his body in mine, under mine. And then I was beneath him, no sense of movement, just a flash of spinning room and his body sheltering me from the world, from time, from all things but him, him, all of him surrounding me, within me, beside me. I saw him, and I knew him, and I felt him, and I knew I could never, ever forget this moment of love for as long I'd live. His eyes burned into mine, his skin scorched mine where our bodies met, so hot I thought we might melt and meld together.

Orgasm is a physical sensation. It's the rush of chemicals in your brain, the clench and release of muscles and fluids and pleasure.

Climax is the peak of the sexual process, whereby orgasm is achieved. It's the infinitesimally brief instant of pleasure.

What happened with Tre and me in that hotel room was something else, something different. Is there an emotional orgasm? A heart-gasm? A soul-gasm? A self-gasm?

Complete and total contentment is so rare, so unattainable by most everyone, that to experience it is orgasmic. Complete and total happiness is equally as rare. True, pure physical ecstasy also is nearly impossible to find. All three at once?

I grew up believing in God the way most people believe in the power of a chair to hold their weight, the way they believe in gravity. Then I ran away with a charming casino magnate and learned the harsh realities of life, and stopped believing in God.

What I experienced with Tre was a reunion with God. I swear I saw a fragment of heaven in the moment of cli**x, when Tre and I were truly a single ephemeral being caught up in a swirl of light of purity and pleasure and perfection.

In the moment of stillness, with the afterglow shining on our skin, our eyes met, and words were whispered into the sweet silence.

"I love you."

I don't know who actually said them. I was thinking them, and I saw them glimmering in his eyes, and I heard them.

That's all that mattered.

3

A year later I was selling real estate and Tre owned a deep sea fishing charter boat. We lived in a modest two room villa on St. Croix, and we had a quiet life.

Well, some things were quiet. What I mean is, we never heard from Dan, or Tre's parents.

The day we bought Tre's boat was pretty memorable, and not so quiet. He'd worked for several months for a man who ran a deep sea fishing charter, and having fished frequently in Mississippi, Tre took to it naturally. He brought up the idea of owning his own boat one night when we were lying on a blanket on the beach below our house, sharing a bottle of wine and basking in the warmth of a balmy night.

I thought about it, and realized it made more sense for him to own his own boat than work for someone else, so I agreed. We went out the next day and looked at boats, which he'd obviously been researching for some time. He had his options narrowed down to three good-sized vessels, one of them already completely outfitted for a charter being sold by a man ready to retire from twenty years of deep sea fishing. He bought that one, a sleek, attractive ship named The Sea Dancer.

I think Tre had already come to an agreement with the seller, actually, since we were able to take possession immediately. I wrote a check, handed it to the man, who in turn handed Tre the keys and title, and simply walked away down the dock, whistling a merry tune.

Tre backed The Sea Dancer out of the slip and guided it skillfully out of the bustling sunset-lit bay. We headed out to open sea, Tre standing shirtless at the wheel, a Bulldogs baseball cap backwards on his head, cutoff shorts hanging low on his hips. I stood behind him, running my hands on his smooth chest, lips pressed to his shoulder, watching the muscles in his arms ripple gently as he guided the ship into the orange ball of the setting sun.

Once again I was struck by a heart-aching burst of pure happiness. I think people aren't meant to be truly happy all the time. It's simply too potent a feeling to tolerate in large quanties.

About half an hour out, Tre brought the boat to a stop and let it drift, low waves clapping against the sides of the boat and sending it rocking and swaying.

Tre led me down to the bow, sat me down, and returned to the cabin. He came back with a bottle of champagne in a bucket of ice, a vase of red roses, and a spread of food.

"This wasn't a sudden decision, was it?" I asked.

Tre shook his head, biting into a strawberry. "Nope. Been planning this for a while now. Old Ben, there, the guy we bought this boat from, he was one of the first fishermen I made friends with. When he said he was callin' it quits, I asked him to sell it to me. So, here we are. Only, I arranged all this before time, so we could have this little date."

I laughed and kissed him. "What if I'd not wanted you to be a fisherman forever?"

It was his turn to laugh. "But you don't mind, and I knew you wouldn't."

We ate in silence for a few minutes more, and then, when the sun had finally lowered beneath the horizon and all was golden light, Tre set aside the plates of food and turned to face me. We were both sitting cross legged on the bow, wind in our hair and waves chucking against the boat.

Tre reached into his pocket and pulled out a ring. My throat swelled up, thick and hot.

"I ain't much for makin' pretty speeches, Shea. You know that. I love you, more than anything. More than life itself." He took my hands in one of his, emotion in his eyes and in the sudden drawl of his words. "You and I have an amazing life together already. I don't need nothin' to change. But I'm an old fashioned kinda guy, I guess. Some things you just cain't get rid of, even if you move to the U.S. Virgin Islands. I want to be your husband."

He held up the ring. "Be my wife, Shea Harley?"

I choked. "Tre, I love you. So much, but-"

He interrupted me. "There's one thing I ain't told you. I set up a post office box over on St. Thomas, in a different name. Had a guy help me with it. Well, I also paid a lawyer I took fishin' a few months back to do some work for me." Tre trotted into the cabin and came back with a manila envelope and handed it to me.

I opened it. Signed and completed divorce papers. With Dan's signature. All it needed was mine. I stared at the papers, something I'd not dared to hope I'd ever see, my eyes wavering, burning. A pen appeared in my line of sight and I took it, glanced up at Tre, and then signed. He stuffed the papers back in the envelope and sealed it, took it back to the cabin. When he came back, my eyes were dry, but still burning with yet-unshed tears.

"So, let me ask again." He knelt on the bow of our boat, ring held out to me. "Marry me, Shea?"

I sniffed, struggled to hold back my tears, and failed. All I could do was nod, rising up on my knees to kiss him. He pulled away, slipped the ring on my finger, and then kissed my palm.

I was wearing an orange sarong, and Tre brushed it off my shoulder, let it fall to the deck around me. He unhooked my bra with unsteady fingers, focusing on one hook at a time. He stuck his tongue out as one hook refused to come free, and I was reminded of our first time together, back in Yazoo. He was so innocent, so young. He was only a year older, now, but almost a different person, in so many ways. Still the same, sweet, considerate Tre, but a man, confident and strong.

The hook eventually came loose and he set my bra aside, then hooked his thumbs in the elastic of my panties, drew them down and set them aside as well.

I had one question. "Tre?" He was busy kissing down from my shoulder to my breast, and didn't look up. "You still want to marry me, even I can't give you kids?"

He froze, looked at me, then nodded. "Of course. We can always adopt, if things come to that. I love you and want to be with you forever. That's all that counts, to me."

He kissed the tears as they fell, yet again. I let him dry my face with his thumbs, and then attacked him with a flurry of kisses, knocking him over onto his back. I kissed him with everything I had, stripping him of his shorts so he was nak*d beneath me. He slid into me, and oh, my lord, he felt so right inside me.

There had never been anyone else in my life, in that moment. Only Tre. Only his hands had ever smoothed over my skin, had ever drawn gasps of pleasure from me, as they did then, rolling my n**ples in strong, gentle fingers. Only he had ever slid into me and pulled out in that sinuous, satisfying way. Only he had ever kissed me as if I was the light to his hungry darkness.

His love erased the past, so there was only future.

We made love until the sky turned charcoal with the approach of night. I spent many long minutes between sessions staring at the glint of evening light on the diamonds of my ring. He'd bought it with the money earned fishing. His money, not mine. That was important to him. And to me, even more, I realized.

We drank the champagne in between lovemaking, and when it was gone and we were sated, Tre turned on the lights and plied the waves back home.

* * *

We were married on the beach at sunset, three months after he asked me. There were only a few people there with us, a few fishing buddies of Tre's, a couple realtor friends of mine, and some village friends of both of ours. We didn't need a honeymoon, because we lived in paradise.

The burst of pure happiness? The one I said earlier people couldn't handle if they had it all the time? I was wrong. You can be truly, purely happy. There are moments of strife, of course. Arguments over misspoken words, ill-thought decisions, the usual things that make up life. Happiness, I've discovered, is a choice, a habit. It's a mindset.

A strong, loving man who can give you half a dozen orgasms in one night definitely helps, though.

