Chapter One

The gentle trill of a feminine laugh clanged like an alarm in Burton Anderson's head. The nightmare wasn't foreign after six years, but he'd thought he'd driven it back. Unlike the other times he relived the dream, the laugh didn't turn to pathetic tears that morphed into evil glee.

This laugh remained gentle. The laugh sounded carefree and happy.

Pulling himself from the morass of sleep, Burton stretched. His neck protested movement and his head did the hangover throb he hadn't allowed in years. His back popped with loud cracks running the length of his spine which it only did when he slept on too hard a surface or in a bad position.

His eyes snapped wide. He'd definitely slept in an awkward position on a too-hard surface-Hearth and Home's linoleum-covered concrete floor. More awkward than the position was how he'd gotten in it, and it hadn't involved enough alcohol to earn the current headache.

He tugged at his wrist. Metal clanked against metal and his memory flooded back with the horror of the discovery to come. The wall of clocks nearby told him Hearth and Home wasn't due to open for customers for several hours. It was even too early for the employees to come in, but someone had. That same someone would discover him-in all his nudity-in a few short moments.

Attempting to minimize his exposure, he scooted up so he sat beside the toilet. With his wrist handcuffed to the pipe behind the show floor toilet he wasn't able to move far. The mock bathroom, like the three others around the bath section, was complete with shower, garden tub, sink and fancy hooks for hanging towels.

"I love the setup." The woman's voice sounded prim. And close. "You've made it easy for people to envision what items complement each other."

"We want everyone to be able to outfit their home with ease."

That was a voice Burton knew well. It belonged to the Mark Dixon, manager of Hearth and Home. The man who possessed no sense of humor, and he would not appreciate finding his lead contractor nak*d. There was no explanation good enough to keep himself employed. Nope. After this, Burton would never again be trusted with another construction contract, because this client was sure to tell everyone of his unprofessionalism.

"I could say I hate you for it. With places like this why do people need me?"

Soft, shy, the woman laughed again. Her shoes smacked the paved floor with a dull thud rather than the thwack he'd grown familiar with over the years of feeding a shopping addiction. Conservative flats. Shy laugh. Professional shopper? This woman didn't sound like the type to appreciate his nudity any more than Mark.

She and Mark stepped into view. Mark's head was bowed to his phone. The woman studied the wall of clocks. Both kept their backs to Burton. Each ticking second hand shortened the gap between secrecy and discovery. With the shrinking distance he saw his success as a new business owner vanishing.

"Without you, Leigh, how else will those brides and grooms know how many towels or place settings to register for?" Mark adjusted a mantle clock so it sat perfectly straight on a display shelf. "And there's no one better than you at picking out those little touches that finish off a look."

She touched her fingertips to Mark's arm, pulled back quickly, as if she immediately regretted the gesture. "Who needs caffeine when they can have flattery in the morning?"

Mark ignored the woman's touch. Her joke seemed to go unnoticed, perhaps because it seemed odd for the woman with a pencil skirt and snug bun to make jokes.

"Listen, Leigh. I have to go deal with something. Make yourself at home and I'll be back as quick as I can."

"Take your time. Thank you."

Leigh stayed focused on the clocks, as if she was studying each one carefully. Mark turned and walked past Burton without looking up from his phone. Burton breathed a sigh of relief that he hadn't been discovered by the boss. If he could get the woman-Leigh-to help there was a chance he could keep his embarrassment a secret.

When he was certain Mark was out of earshot, Burton cleared his throat. "Leigh. Hi."

She didn't flinch or even react for several seconds. Thinking she hadn't heard him, he opened his mouth to call out again. Then she turned.

Her green eyes were unblinking and her cheeks were flushed red. With her brown hair pulled into a bun, subtle makeup, and clothes that hugged her figure without being tight, the woman's image was a contradiction of sophistication and sex.

She defined the cliche lines about elegance in simplicity and leaving something to the imagination. His was certainly going to be working overtime.

"I wonder... Could you... Could I get your help?" He'd never suffered from a loss of words. Quick thinking and the ability to put a great spin on most any situation had been the secret to his success in the business world. Facing a blushing librarian who only needed a pair of reading glasses to top off the image had his brain short-circuiting.

"Who are you? What are you doing here?" She took two steps in the direction Mark had taken. "I'm going to get Mark."

"No! Please. Don't."

"You're in his store, handcuffed to a display toilet. I think he deserves to know."

"I... There's an explanation."

She stood and faced him. Her hands weren't on her hips, but the look in her eyes said they could land there any moment. Damn she was beautiful.

"Please." He should be begging or pleading his case. He could only stare and think how sexy she was.

"Give me one good reason."

Any sense of humor she'd shown with Mark vanished. Burton could have had a better shot with Mark.

"It could cost me everything. My new company. My new life." He muttered the last, knowing it sounded melodramatic even to his own ears. It didn't make it less true.

She glanced around, possibly looking for Mark before bringing her gaze back to Burton. "How did you...?"

"My company did the build-out." He rotated his head, indicating the building around them. "I was on a date last night when a call came in about a problem. She came with me to check things out."

Leigh's forehead creased above one brow. It wasn't quite a brow lift, maybe she didn't know how to lift just one. It didn't matter though if her goal was to make him feel like a toddler being chastised. The effect was the same.

"The problem was with the plumbing in the women's restroom. Flushing tampons is one thing. Pads are not meant to be flushed."

Slowly, so slowly he was able to watch an unheard "Eew" form, her nose wrinkled, curled up the left side of her lip.

"That's what I thought when I found myself wading through the overflow. I was soaked. It was...gross."

"So you stripped?"

"I cleaned up the restroom and fixed the other issues the pad uncovered. I didn't want to get in my truck with my clothes like they were. I took off my boots and jeans. My date encouraged me to go the rest of the way."

"So you stripped."

He started to ask if she'd have made a different choice. Somehow he knew she would have. This buttoned-up, bun-toting, long-skirt-wearing woman would never give in to passion. Especially not in public. "The idea was exciting. At the time."

"You saying you regret it?"

"Yes." He regretted putting his trust into a woman he hadn't known as well as he'd thought. A woman who'd hidden a deceptiveness he thought he'd learned to spot. "It's a mistake I will never make again."

"I see." She looked around again, this time keeping her gaze down as she searched the floor. "What I don't see are your clothes or a key to your cuffs."

Burton shook his head. It was all he could do, because he was out of excuses.

"Your date took them?"

He nodded. Once.

"As a contractor, can I assume you have tools somewhere?"

He dropped his head.

"You're kidding. She took those too?"

He looked up without lifting his head. He really hoped the bitch had dumped his things in his truck. He wasn't sure he would get so lucky.

Shaking her head and mumbling about men only thinking with their small head, Leigh turned and walked away. His heart kicked. He started to call out to her. Desperation screamed in his head. She was going to leave him to be discovered by Mark, and he couldn't argue that he didn't deserve it.

Leigh disappeared, her shoes smacking quieter and quieter as she walked away. She moved more softly than his date had, but the sound of being abandoned was the same.

Not only would he pay more attention to the subtleties of a woman to avoid hidden evils, he would also never give in to desire in public. The first time he'd done something more public than in the backseat of his car and it had bitten him in the ass. No nak*d woman offering to give it up was worth this.

Burton blew out a deep breath and slumped against the wall. He considered yanking on the cuffs to try breaking the pipe loose. It wouldn't work. He'd pulled and yanked until his wrists were bruised. He'd even tried maneuvering so he could kick at the pipe. That hadn't worked. Barefoot, nak*d and handcuffed to a damn toilet of all things, he didn't have the room.

The soft smack of shoe against cement reached him. It grew louder and closer. Leigh was coming back.

He straightened and made sure he was as covered as he could be. She rounded the corner with a bathrobe dangling from her right hand. In her left she held a kabob skewer. He wasn't sure if he should grin or cringe. She'd come back to help him, but what exactly did she intend to do with that skewer?

"You came back."

She met his gaze for a flash before ducking her head. "Not all women get off on a man's humiliation."

"So you're not going to say anything to Mark?"

Shaking her head, she dropped the robe over his lap and then knelt on the opposite side of the toilet from him. Her slim fingers brushed his sore wrists as she turned a cuff to work the lock with the skewer. In the seconds it took her to slip the lock free, his skin sizzled from her touch. His dick stood at attention.

Shit. It was like he hadn't learned anything the night before.

"Yes." His smooth voice became an emphatic moan as he rotated his wrist and straightened.

"Get the robe on and we'll take the other cuff off." Leigh turned from him, but not before he saw her cheeks go crimson. "By the way, I feel like I should know your name."

"Burton Anderson." He was smiling as he stood. His back popped and his shoulders protested the movement after having been locked in an awkward position all night. He tied the belt around his waist and stepped toward Leigh. He touched her shoulder, causing her to jump.

She recovered quickly and turned back. Her gaze moved up from the floor to his eyes. Her cheeks flushed a deeper red. "You're bigger than I expected."

He smiled. Did she mean his build, or had she sneaked a glance when he'd been slipping on the robe. "Guess size is deceptive when you're cuffed to a commode."

"I guess." She nodded toward his hand with the dangling cuff. "You want me to remove the other one?"

He raised his wrist. Leigh supported the weight of his wrist in her right hand. With the left, she stuck the skewer tip into the keyhole and quickly popped the lock. She pulled away with the cuffs in hand.

He immediately missed the tingle her touch incited. The sensitivity of the skin he'd turned raw fighting the cuffs had numbed when she held his wrist. With her retreat the tenderness returned.

His wrists weren't the only parts of his body acutely aware of her. His skin vibrated. His dick pulsed.

Maybe it was morning wood or maybe he was just an easy target, but a second of Leigh's touch took him from attracted to horny. Damn if the image of her standing nak*d in the bathroom didn't flash into his head, and with it came the realization that he'd stripped without more than a token argument for his date. For Leigh, if she let her hair down enough to ask, he wouldn't have hesitated.

Needing to not come off like a creepy sex addict, Burton took a step back. "I've rescued damsels with flat tires. I've never been the rescued."

"I have to say I'm curious as to exactly how you got yourself in this situation."

"An overeager libido."

"I get that your date talked you into sex in public. It's the handcuffed bit I'm not able to picture."

"You've been trying to picture it?"

"I don't like puzzles. They need to be solved."

"Then I'll clear it up for you since you were kind enough to save me."

She did that thing again with her forehead where it almost looked like she was raising one brow. It made him want to smile, but the seriousness in her eyes indicated she wouldn't share his humor.

"She said she'd always had a fantasy of dominating a man while he was tied up. In this case it was cuffs, but I didn't have any reason to think it would bite me in the ass." He regretted his choice, but he couldn't change it now. He could only make sure he never repeated it. "She liked that bathroom setup. Said she'd never had sex in a bathroom. There are limited places to tie someone up in a bathroom."

"So naturally you went with the toilet." Impressively, the more she quizzed him the less she blushed.

"It was a strange request, but I didn't see a reason to tell her no."

"Because you were only interested in how quickly she would get you off."

"Anyone would take a similar risk if they were turned on enough. As for a man-" now he did grin, "-we're most always willing."

"To risk your job?"

"To be tied up, play games, yes." Leigh had helped him. Because of her he would be able to finish the Hearth and Home job. With the completion of the job he'd have a great addition to his portfolio. "Endangering my job is something I would never have agreed to. A jeopardized job puts my entire company in danger."

Leigh nodded and handed Burton the handcuffs and skewer. "In that case, I suggest you resist a woman's request to tie you up."

Burton began to speak, but closed his mouth when Leigh pivoted on the ball of her sensible shoe and walked away. Anything he might say lost appeal as he studied her hourglass figure. Strong calves, a narrow waist that flared into wide hips, the woman showcased curves where others fought to lose them.

She was confident. Kind. Damn if he didn't love that.

Chapter Two

Leigh Schyuler stood outside Tulle and Tulips Designer Weddings and smiled at the dream she lived every day. A tulip twisted in tulle had been etched on the double doors in a stunningly artistic way, and inside was a group of event planning experts who were equally artistic as they designed custom weddings of every budget for their clients.

It was a dream she had shared with Lori Mullins from the moment Leigh had heard about the new company. The women involved had become an extended family.

If she hadn't been a part of Tulle and Tulips, if she hadn't invested the sweat equity she had into her part of the business, she wouldn't have recognized Burton's dedication to his. Sure, he'd made a stupid choice. He struck her as the kind of person who would learn from it.

A part of her wondered though, because he'd been so willing to joke about the situation. To shrug off the fact that he'd been nak*d in his client's place of business.

"Are you going in, or are you working from the hall today?"

Leigh turned to find Trevor Masters smiling at her. She'd heard rumors of him being unyielding in business. She could sort of see it in the way he dressed in expensive suits and the way he carried himself, clearly broadcasting his power, but then she remembered how he was with Lori. She remembered how he turned into a marshmallow as he tried to talk the woman he loved into marrying him.

"Just thinking for a minute." Leigh smiled. "You ask Lori to marry you today?"

"Not yet."

"You know she's enjoying your game, right?"

"So am I." He pulled open the door for Leigh and smiled. "But it won't be much longer before she gives in."

"With confidence like that I can't doubt it."

"You two look like you're up to no good." Jenny, receptionist extraordinaire, greeted them. "What are you scheming?"

"Trevor's up to his daily antics." Leigh smiled as she picked up her messages from her tray. "I've already skewered enough antics for the day."

"There's a story there," Misty stated as she came out of her office and moved to stand by Leigh. As usual, she smelled like the flowers she spent so much time arranging. More common than her sweet scent was the twinkle in her eyes that hadn't left since she accepted Jace's marriage proposal.

"Naked man handcuffed to a toilet." Leigh shrugged. "I picked the lock with a kabob skewer."

Trevor, Misty and Jenny all busted out laughing. Misty recovered enough to speak before the others. "You say that like it's an everyday experience."

"I thought you were going to tour Hearth and Home this morning." Jenny chuckled.

"I was. I did."

Misty leaned against the circular receptionist desk. Jenny kicked back in her chair and crossed her arms. Trevor even settled in for the story.

"Tell us about the nak*d man in cuffs and the skewer."

Leigh didn't have anything to be embarrassed by, but thinking about Burton, about his body, had the flame of humiliation flooding her cheeks. She wanted to stop thinking about his hard, ropey muscles and the smooth glide of his skin beneath her fingers. She shouldn't be thinking about how tempting it had been to see if the rest of his skin had been as soft. Or how non-repulsive the idea of exploring him in a public place had been.

Her cheeks burned brighter. She really should stop thinking about him. "I have clients coming in."

"Your nine a.m. rescheduled," Jenny said.

"Fine." Leigh sat her bag at her feet. "I was walking through Hearth and Home with Mark. He got called away and left me to look around on my own."

Lori stepped out of her office looking stunning in pressed black slacks, a silk blouse and sexy heels. Trevor stood taller and his eyes brightened as he watched the woman he loved cross the distance between them. When she was close enough, he took her hand in his and pressed a lingering kiss to the corner of her mouth.

Trevor looked at Lori the way every woman wanted to be looked at. He was a proud man who could easily have turned into an arrogant ass. Instead, his confidence gave him the strength to be open and honest with his thoughts and feelings.

Leigh had seen a similar confidence in Burton, as if he did more than construction. He'd held himself, even nak*d beneath the robe she'd gotten for him, with a power that would fit in at Trevor's boardroom table. Powerful. Honest. Dedicated to his job. Sexy.

"Why are you all staring at Leigh? Why's she blushing?"

"She's telling us about skewering a nak*d man this morning."

"Sounds like the stories I might have had to share not too long ago." Lori settled into the curve of Trevor's arm and smiled. "What happened?"

"It really wasn't that big a deal." Big enough that fire licked more furiously at her cheeks. "I was looking at the clocks. Mark got called away. When he left, this man called out to me."

"The nak*d man?" Lori asked.

"Yes." It wouldn't be long before the entire staff was huddled around for the story. She needed to tell it fast so she could move on to forgetting. She wasn't sharing the details of what Burton looked like nak*d. Or how she'd caught a glimpse of him in the mirrored clocks on the wall opposite them. Or how she'd been tempted for half a second to finish what his date had started. Yeah, he was bigger than she'd thought, and it wasn't all in regard to his muscles.

"He was cuffed to a toilet in one of the showroom bathrooms. I got him a robe and picked his cuffs so he could get free."

"So you stole for him and took a kabob skewer to his cuffs." Lori wiggled her brows. "I should have known of these inclinations before bringing you on here."

Leigh ignored the smirk on Misty's face and the wiggle of Lori's brows. Her friends had told her time and time again she needed to break out of her shell, and take more chances and worry less about the consequences. They clearly thought the nak*d man should have been one of those chances.

"He couldn't exactly go to his truck in his birthday suit." Though his nudity hadn't seemed to bother him. "And he'd bruised his wrists trying to get out of the cuffs on his own."

"Why was he nak*d in a business that's not open yet?" Trevor asked. Thank God somebody was being logical.

"He's working on the build-out. There was an issue with the plumbing last night that he went to fix."

"Seems natural," Jenny said. "I'm always nak*d when I get my plumbing snaked."

Trevor squeezed his eyes tight, like he was desperately trying not to think about Jenny's plumbing. Seeing the man who defined businessman cringe because of Jenny's humor was hysterical.

"He was on a date when the call came in."

"And the date liked the idea of sex in public." Misty nodded. "I've got to say, there's excitement to hav**g s*x where you work."

Lori and Trevor shared a smile that said they knew what Misty meant. Leigh blocked the images that came to mind. She worked there. She'd never be able to look at the place again if she was wondering where they had done it.

"Anyway." Leigh shook her head. "She offered sex. He went along. She locked him up, took his clothes and left him there."

Misty laughed. "I wish I could have seen you facing down a nak*d man cuffed to a commode."

"Was it more embarrassing for you or him?" Jenny asked.

"Probably me if his attitude was any indication. And now, if you're finished getting your entertainment at my expense, I have work to do." Leigh pivoted toward her office and walked as briskly as she could without running.

She wasn't sure it was her friends she was running from. More accurately it felt like she was running from the images of Burton that kept popping into her head. Images and the resulting thoughts. Thoughts like how his kiss would feel and taste.

Her trip to Hearth and Home hadn't been just about seeing a new business. It was her chance to get a sneak peek at their pricing. Desperately hoping to distract herself from her thoughts, Leigh pulled her laptop from her bag and set to work updating her database. When clients came in to talk about their registry, she needed to know the best place-budget and product wise-to take them. Her database was how she did that.

It had taken her a long time to set it up just right, but all she had to do now was input some information into a form, run a report and she would have a list of retail outlets prioritized to suit each client.

Of course, she wouldn't need a database to tell anyone where to find a nak*d man. Nope. He was waiting at Hearth and Home to show people the hazards of bathrooms. Talk about your full-service store.

As quick as that Burton was back in her head.

"Leigh."

His smooth voice that bordered on suave called to her. Tingles traipsed along her spine as quick as a chill that made her shiver.

"Earth to Leigh." Two fingers snapped loudly in front of her nose, breaking her from her trance. "You in there?"

Shaking her head, she widened her eyes to show awareness. Jace Nichols, the head of security for Trevor's company, stood before her. Normally dressed in a suit with military perfect pleats, the jeans and snug T-shirt were a change. That the T-shirt was short sleeved was a bigger change.

It hadn't been too long ago that he'd only worn long sleeves in an effort to hide his prosthetic arm. Misty had wormed her way past his misconceptions and then slipped smoothly into his grizzled heart. She'd convinced him allowing people to see his prosthetic arm wouldn't turn everyone off.

"Jace. What's up?"

"You're the go-to woman when it comes to knowing where to buy things."

She pointed to a chair across from her desk. "I am."

"Then I'm hoping you can help me." He sat. "Misty and I just closed on a house."

"She mentioned it a time or two." Or three hundred. She'd especially mentioned the large backyard she intended to fill with plants and flowers.

"Well, one of the rooms is designated as her office. It looks out over the yard where she wants to grow some of her own product." He looked around as if his fiancee might see him. "Before we move in next month, I want to find a way to bring some of that into her office."

"Literally or visually?"

"Maybe both. I can hire someone to put in a bay window for her, but I'm not sure where to go from there. What would one put in the office to make it feminine and as pleasurable as possible to work in while keeping it functional?"

In her office across the Tulle and Tulips space, Misty had a glass wall that looked out onto the workspace where the arrangements were put together. She was constantly surrounded by her creations and Jace wanted her to have the same thing at home. For a man who'd first come across as a chauvinistic ass with a chip the size of Florida on his shoulder he was turning into a teddy bear.

"I want it to be a surprise for her though."

"Let me think on it and see if I can feel her out for some things she might like. Do you already have a contractor?"

He shook his head. "I asked the guy who did this place, but he's booked and is only taking on the bigger jobs."

"You need someone with a smaller company. Good, but start-up." Burton sprang to mind. He'd said he was the head contractor. If that was true, it was possible he had played a part in how Hearth and Home had been put together. He may or may not have an eye for the kind of detail Jace was asking for, but he would have been in charge of the building, paint and wallpaper. "I might have an option for you. Let me do some checking."

Certain he was Google-able, Leigh opened a new browser and got to work searching for whatever information she could find on Burton Anderson.

Chapter Three

Monday mornings had a reputation for sucking. Mondays in May seemed to be forming a pattern. At least for Burton.

A year ago, on a May Monday, his marriage of six years ended.

A week ago, on a May Monday, he'd woken handcuffed to a commode at work.

Now, on a May Monday, he was scrambling to buy supplies for a job because one of his subcontractors had failed to show up or verify the supply order. He might have escaped detection on the security cameras at Hearth and Home, but he couldn't shake the idea that last week's debacle was going to come back to bite him. Nothing was going to jeopardize his company again.

"Excuse me," he called to one of the store employees who stepped into the aisle.

"Yes, sir." The elderly gentleman smiled as he walked toward Burton. "Can I help you?"

"I need three more rolls of two-inch, reinforced, braided vinyl tubing." He pointed to his cart that already held everything they had. "I'm hoping you have some in the back or at another local store."

"Sure." The man, Jack according to his nametag, smiled. "Let me check the computer."

Burton followed him through a few aisles to the computer. A woman walking with another woman and a man captured his attention and flashed him back a week to Leigh. It was the bun that caught his attention. It was the woman's flushed cheeks he remembered. Her bun, that he wanted to pull her hair free from, and the sultry way her voice caressed each word. Those were the things he remembered.

His body remembered her too. His temperature shot up. Heat tingled along his wrists where she'd touched him. The bruises were almost gone, but he still felt her skin against his. Hers was a touch he'd dreamt about and woken up missing for days.

"We have what you need in stock, but it's split between two of our other stores."

Burton nodded at Jack. "It'll have to do." Even if it meant he was going to spend the next hour driving around to get it all he would have what he needed. "Can you have them pull it to the front for me?"

"Your name?"

"I know BDSM isn't new, but can you believe we're doing this?" A woman's question from the next aisle distracted Burton.

Jack too. The old man angled his head and listened to see what they'd hear.

"It's a first for me, and I've been at this for a long while." Another woman said with a chuckle.

"I've tied women up," a man put in, "but never in public."

"What is it about sex in public that excites people?"

The last question stopped Burton's heart for a beat. His head snapped up. Sultry. Caressing. Sensible. He'd only ever heard one woman speak like that.

Leigh.

"You didn't ask your nak*d man that?"

Her what? She'd told people about him? Shit. He was going to be ruined.

"No." Leigh answered with a huffing laugh. "But if he ever returns my call I will ask him for you, Tabatha."

She'd called?

"Wait." The first woman who'd spoken jumped on the thought that popped into his head. "What do you mean 'if he calls you back'? You didn't tell us he gave you his number."

"He didn't. I Googled him."

"Why would you Google him?"

Jack returned to work, asking Burton for his name and phone number. He didn't seem to be as interested in the conversation anymore. At least not as interested as Burton.

"Misty," the man slipped in. "Leave her alone."

"I will not." Misty laughed. "Maybe he could give us some pointers."

"OMG!" Tabatha, if he was keeping the voices straight, clapped her hands together. "You want to be the one to handcuff him next time. Or do you want him to cuff you instead?"

"You should only have to go to the customer service counter at the other stores," Jack said. "If you need anything else, let us know."

"Thank you." What Burton really needed was to hear Leigh's answer. Why had she looked him up? Why call him? Why hadn't he gotten the message?

"Ladies," the man injected again. He sounded calm and dominant. "Are we here to buy rope suitable for bondage games or are we here to pick on Leigh?"

"Can't we do both?" Tabatha asked.

Burton's admiration for the other man skyrocketed. If he could get three women who sounded like they were pretty good friends to agree to a four-way, and if he could control them, he deserved whatever they would do with him. And these women sounded like they were willing to do quite a bit.

Leigh was the shocking addition, though. She'd seemed so prim when they met. Damn if the contradictory information didn't have him trying harder to visualize her with her hair down. Figuratively and literally.

When the image came into his head it was of her kneeling over a man while he ate out one of the other women and the third one caressed the softness of Leigh's neck. Most men might find the idea sexy. It just pissed him off because if Leigh was going to let loose with anyone he wanted it to be him.

"He's a contractor," Leigh said softly. "I might have a job for him."

"We plan weddings. Odd as they may be at times," Misty said. "People don't come to us for contractors."

"No, but that doesn't mean my clients never ask about other aspects of house planning. I'm there to guide them through setting up their home."

If she'd called him for a job, he didn't see a better time than now to return the call. Burton pushed the cart down the aisle and around the end. The woman he'd spotted earlier with the bun-Leigh-faced away from him. Each woman dressed with a completely different style. One in a short skirt and stilettos that made her almost as tall as the man with them and the other in a glittery top and jeans with bling on the ass pockets. None of them seemed like they would have much in common. That didn't seem to stop them as they debated ropes and dished about the nak*d man Leigh had uncuffed.

The man said little. He seemed more content to stand back and watch the women. Not that he seemed overly interested in any of them other than the one in the short skirt.

Burton's gaze was drawn to Leigh. She wasn't as overt with her sexuality. In fact, the fat-legged slacks and sensible suit vest she wore were intended to hide her figure. It only succeeded in highlighting her narrow waist and making him wonder what other wonders she hid.

Even the swell of her ass was a treat for his eyes.

He moved closer, less than two feet away. He took in the three people with Leigh-the man with a hook instead of a hand and the two women who were stunning in their own ways. His eyes returned quickly to Leigh, though. To the satin smooth skin of her neck, the narrow dip of her waist and then the swell of her hips. Her slacks, like the skirt she'd worn last week, were fitted to showcase her curves.

She was a tempting mystery he wanted to solve.

"This one is soft." Misty, the one with the short skirt, ran a length of rope between her fingers. "I could easily bend it in and around the flowers."

"Soft is fine, but you want strength too."

Tabatha nodded at what the man said as she took the rope from Misty. She smiled mischievously at Burton as she pulled on each end of the rope to test the strength. "This one is good. Soft. Sturdy. Not too easy to slip out of, but it won't hurt either."

Burton smiled back. She was trying to shock him. Willing to play her game, he stepped forward, reached around Leigh and picked up a roll of rope. "Try this one. It will give you softness, strength and a little stretchiness."

Tabatha oohed. "A man who knows his ropes."

Burton shrugged. "I got an Eagle in the Boy Scouts."

"So you know how to tie all those fancy knots?"

"Yes." He smiled for Tabatha, but his gaze remained on Leigh, who hadn't moved since he spoke. "Of course, it all depends on what you're doing with the rope."

Testing Leigh, curious to see if she would turn to face him, he brushed against her as he moved back. Sparks shot along his arm where his bicep brushed hers. She flinched the tiniest of flinches. If he hadn't been touching her in that instant he might have missed it, but she reacted.

"Is this what you would choose if you were tying someone up?"

"I guess that would depend on why I was tying them up." He nodded to the other man, who held himself like he'd had some military training. "For instance, if I were tying up an enemy I wouldn't want any give and I wouldn't give a damn if the rope hurt them or not."

The other man grinned.

"Now, if I were binding a woman..." He hesitated a moment, looked at Leigh to see if she would look at him. She sent him a sideways glance and her cheeks flushed the same sweet pink as when she'd handed him the robe. "I wouldn't want her to be hurt, so I would choose the softest cotton fiber rope."

Leigh turned to more fully face him. Her friends faded into the shadows of his periphery when he looked at her directly. Tabatha said something, but he didn't notice anything other than Leigh's green gaze locked with his.

"You said you called?"

"What?"

"A few minutes ago you said I hadn't returned your calls."

"Oh. My. God." Misty gasped.

"You're the nak*d man?" Tabatha asked.

He heard them, but could only care about how Leigh reacted. She had talked about him, but until he knew what she had said, and to who, he couldn't determine how damaging it would be to his business.

Her stare was just as distracting as before, almost hypnotizing, but at least his brain seemed to be working better. "Did you need me, Leigh?"

"Yes." She blinked. Her cheeks twitched as if she wished she'd answered differently. "Though now isn't the time to discuss it."

As calm and seemingly unaffected as she'd been when he was nude, she reached into her bag and pulled out her phone. "Let's set a more convenient time."

He kept staring at her. She could try to keep things business. He wasn't against business, but the woman had seen him nak*d. The rules were blown away before they'd gotten started.

"This evening. Five o'clock. Strike Often."

"I have plans with friends."

"Bring them. We'll get two lanes instead of one." He didn't have to ask if it was her kind of place or not. He knew it wasn't, but he wanted to see her out of her element. "After, you and I will talk."

Chapter Four

Burton got to Strike Often fifteen minutes early to get on the list for a lane. The place could get crowded even on a Monday. He walked in to find that there would be no waiting, though. Leigh and her friends were already there. The man from the hardware store had already secured a lane and was trying to convince Misty that putting on shoes hundreds of other feet had worn was half the fun.

Leigh stood by the rack of balls with her lips pursed in a sideways crush. She'd changed from the slacks she'd worn earlier to a pair of jeans. The denim fit snugly, and like the ones she had on in the hardware store they highlighted her curves to perfection. Her long-sleeved T-shirt, with little rhinestones circling in an intricate design he couldn't make out, hugged her torso and stretched over her jeans. A clunky belt accentuated her narrow waist. Her dark hair was in its normal bun, and, oddly, the look worked as well with jeans as it did with business attire.

She wasn't a petite woman. She probably watched every calorie to keep from gaining weight, but he liked that she hadn't won the battle. He loved a woman with curves. He especially loved that Leigh didn't try to shroud her form in baggy clothes.

Burton rolled his bag to her. "Too many balls to choose from?"

She turned to him, her cheeks flaring red. Either she was easily embarrassed or that had sounded as bad to her as it had him. The woman seemed to have that effect on him.

"I've never done this before."

"First BDSM shopping trip. First bowling outing. Today is a day of firsts for you."

"So it seems." She nodded toward the bowling bag at his feet. "You, however, seem to travel with your own gear."

He shrugged. "I grew up in an odd house. We didn't have a lot of money, but my parents made sure we had a family night at least once a week. When we were old enough, we joined a family bowling league."

"I can relate to the lack of money."

"Your parents weren't as involved?"

"My parents died when I was little. I grew up in foster care."

"Well, tonight I'm going to give you a crash course in a great pastime you seem to have missed out on." Choosing a ball, he handed it to her. "How's this feel? Too heavy?"

She took the ball and held it for a minute, lifting and lowering her hand a little. "No. It's fine."

"Good. Now slip your fingers in the holes. Are they too tight?"

"Excuse me?"

Again her cheeks rouged. He'd done that one on purpose. He was realizing, now that he'd found his stride with her, how fun it was to say scandalous things that caught her off guard. And he liked to see her blush.

"The holes. You don't want them to be too loose around your fingers. You don't want them to be too tight either."

Ducking her gaze, she slipped her fingers in and out of the holes. "They're snug, but not tight."

"Perfect." He placed a hand at her waist and led her to the lane where her friends waited. "Now you just need to learn to handle the ball."

Her back stiffened beneath his palm. The tiny hairs at the base of her neck, shown off thanks to her bun, stood on end. He enjoyed bowling, but something told him tonight's game would be the best he'd ever experienced.

"So you never stopped bowling."

"Nope. In fact, it put me through college."

"Bowling?"

"It's a sport," he defended. "And when you have an average score like mine..."

"So you're good."

"Yes."

"How good?"

"Good enough I almost joined the pro league."

"Why didn't you?"

"Too much travel." When his marriage fell apart and he'd decided to make a change, he'd chosen to move closer to his family. He hadn't seen them much over the last few years.

"Burton, hi." Tabatha jumped up from her seat and greeted him with a hug. Leigh stepped away to put her ball on the turnstile shared by the two lanes they'd use. He'd told her to bring friends. She'd taken him more seriously than he'd have expected.

He didn't miss that while she tried to appear casual, Leigh's eyes didn't leave Tabatha's arms wrapped around him. He also didn't miss the pleasure her interest sparked.

"Hi." He patted Tabatha's shoulder and hoped she'd step back quickly. He wouldn't have returned her embrace even if he hadn't been more interested in Leigh. He wasn't typically a toucher, let alone a hugger.

She did step back and made introductions to the rest of the group. Misty, the other woman who'd been with them in the hardware store, was engaged to Jace. She was a florist. Lori and Trevor weren't engaged, but he asked her every day. It was a game they supposedly both enjoyed when he wasn't running his company and she wasn't making and fitting dresses.

Jenny was responsible for keeping them all on time for appointments. Shayna apparently had a professed love affair with papers and fonts. Tabatha knew every venue in town and how many people could be seated in each arrangement available. It sounded a little strange until Lori shook his hand and cleared it up with one sentence. "I own Tulle and Tulips Designer Weddings. We design custom weddings."

And Leigh helped people shop and spend their money. She did the registries.

"And is this all of you?" That shed a new light on the conversation he'd heard earlier. They were planning a wedding for clients who lived the BDSM lifestyle. Why else would Misty care about using rope with flowers?

"This is only half of us."

Tabatha bumped a shoulder to his side. "You'd never survive all of us at once."

He nodded. It was the only acknowledgement he'd give her attempt at flirtation. She needed no encouragement.

"You thought we were into some seriously kinky stuff, didn't you?" Tabatha asked.

"I heard you talking about BDSM and debating ropes. What else could I have thought?"

"You could have thought about me tied to your bed."

"Tabatha." Lori took Tabatha's hand and pulled her away from Burton. "You're embarrassing the man."

Embarrassing, not really. The woman was nice, but she came on a little too strong. He'd been married to Tabatha. Or a woman like her. She was confident, outspoken, flirtatious, sexual. She attracted men with a glance and didn't think about who might get trampled.

Once upon a time he'd have gone for her. Now, she was better suited to a man who was just as outgoing and certain enough in his ability to keep her from straying.

Burton had grown to prefer someone a little less flirtatious. Someone more understated who didn't attract a lot of attention. Someone who blushed when he made a joke, but who had the kindness to uncuff him without giving him too hard a time.

He preferred someone like Leigh.

"Okay." Shayna clapped her hands once. "Everyone is on the board. Tabatha, Misty, Jace and I are on one team. Trevor, Lori, Leigh and Burton, you're on the other."

"Ha." Jace laughed. "You put all the virgins on one team."

"We're not all virgins." Burton smiled as he locked his gaze with Leigh.

They all split into the sides of their lanes. Shayna went first. Burton leaned close to Leigh and gave her pointers since she would go next. Mainly he used the excuse of explaining things as a reason to get close.

Being close, he drew her scent deep into his lungs. The aromas of the food being cooked in the place couldn't compete with her unexpected scent of honey. Savory and smooth. Warm and welcoming.

Shayna knocked down eight pins with her first ball. She snagged the spare with her second. Acting victorious, she did a sassy dance in time with the music as she returned to her seat.

"You're up, Leigh. Let's see you beat that."

Outrageous was the best description for Shayna, especially when she stepped out of the office, but something about Burton's presence had her in high gear. That same something must be getting to Leigh too, because she was feeling unusually...vocal.

"You're pretty cocky for someone who hasn't had her turn." Leigh looked sideways to Tabatha. Then she turned her gaze on him. "Burton, would you mind showing me what you were saying?"

His eyelids flared for the briefest moment before he got up and walked toward her. It wasn't really a walk, though. More accurately, it was a strut. A strut that said he knew who he was, what he wanted and how to get it. His confidence could be the mystery power over them. Maybe if she could draw on his power she'd find a way to be more confident outside of registry planning.

He clearly got to her. She never flirted openly, but she was flirting. She never invited a man to touch her in public, but she was asking for help with her technique, knowing full well he'd have to get close enough to touch her. At least she hoped he would touch her. That he would stand close enough for her to feel his strength and catch his clean scent.

She claimed the ball Burton helped her pick out and stepped up to the marks on the floor. He moved in behind her. His chest brushed her back with each breath, tempting her to forget about bowling and just lean against him.

"First, you need a solid starting stance." He moved his leg around the outside of hers, hooked the back of his foot around her ankle and pulled her foot back a couple of inches. "Keep your weight on the balls of your feet. It'll keep your step lighter."

"Uh-huh." Energy pulsed along the outside of her thigh. His pelvis bumped her ass. The biggest mistake of the evening-asking for his touch-could become her favorite memory.

He put his right hand under hers, supporting almost the full weight of the ball. His left hand came to rest on her hip bone. "Hold the ball waist high with your thumb pointing to the right. When you release it, keep your wrist parallel with the floor. Don't worry about spin or rotation.

"You'll take three steps, beginning with the back foot. On that step, raise the ball." He moved her hand with his, demonstrating. "On the second, bring it back. On the third you'll release it."

She released a shaky breath. She couldn't believe how close she was to him, how intimate his touch felt. The thrill of danger she'd promised herself to never feel again whipped up, yet with Burton she felt safe. "Okay."

"Use the arrows on the lane to line up your shot. Focus on aiming at the right corner of that front pin. You don't want to hit it straight on or you'll end up with a split that's hard to pick up."

Distracted by his scent and hard muscles, Leigh lost some of his words. Admitting it could mean he'd repeat himself. It could also turn him off the idea of her. "Got it."

Removing his hand from beneath hers, he placed his palms on her shoulders and pressed down lightly. "Relax. Breathe."

She turned her gaze from the lane ahead of her and looked at him. They were so close her breath brushed his neck as she tilted her head up. "Do you give all the girls lessons like this?"

"You're my first." He nodded toward the lane. "Now focus."

"Oooh," Tabatha crowed. "Leigh has a bossy coach. Will you help me with my technique, Burton?"

He stepped back, giving Leigh space. His gaze never left her. She felt the certainty of it without turning to look. Felt it in the field of heat that hovered like she'd opened an oven door and been bathed in the lingering waves.

Leigh tuned out Tabatha's advances and moved purposefully. At the line she wasn't supposed to cross, she released the ball with as much force as she could put behind it. It rolled quickly in a straight line toward the pins. It didn't hit hard, but it wasn't weak, either. It smacked into the pins with a dull thud. One fell and knocked the next down. Then the next and the next until all ten pins tumbled to the oiled wood floor.

A grin stretched her lips and flexed her cheeks. She'd expected to watch her ball roll straight into the gutter. Instead, she'd knocked all the pins down. When she turned and met Burton's answering smile, her sense of victory expanded.

He'd been right earlier. The day had been one of firsts for her and she'd just added another-her first strike-to her list. Maybe it could be fun to add her first one-night stand to the list.

Chapter Five

Burton braced a hand at Leigh's back as he escorted her to his truck. He'd had a great time getting to know her friends. He'd had more fun watching Leigh release some of her shyness. And she had a natural talent for bowling. Before their game was over she was rotating her wrist, putting a spin on the balls and adding more and more power. She never walked away from her turn with more than three pins standing, and she hadn't left that many standing more than a couple of times.

On a high from doing so well on the lanes, her smile was wider and her back straighter than what he'd come to see as normal for her. Not that she typically came across as a frowning hunchback. She was just enshrouded in a cocoon of reserve.

Burton put his bowling bag in the bed of the truck and went to open the passenger door for Leigh. She rested her hand on his forearm and hesitated before sliding onto the seat.

Their eyes met, searched each other. Desire pulsed in his veins. Desire to touch her, to move in close enough to catch her scent. Desire to kiss her and see if it made her blush.

She was in a good enough mood that he could talk her into it. Except, he didn't want to talk her into it. He wanted her to want to be kissed. Maybe she would even make the first move.

Surprising him, she pushed up on her tiptoes and kissed his jaw. "Thank you."

Flashes of pleasure swarmed in that moment and were instantly followed by images of pleasure that could come. If he were into exhibitionism, or thought she would be, he'd back her into the truck and pleasure her in the parking lot. There'd been a time not so long ago when he'd have given in to the urge, but he was over that.

He was trying to turn over a new leaf, one that became increasingly more important when Leigh Schyuler had picked the lock on his handcuffs. "Anytime."

She climbed in and he circled the truck. When he'd joined her in the cab she turned to face him. "I never thought striking out could be so fun. Let alone so many times."

"I thought we were going to have to call the EMTs for Tabatha." She thought she'd been on the perfect team for winning. Turned out Trevor hadn't sucked on the lanes, either. Lori had given them a nice handicap, but even she'd gotten better by the end of the second game. Leigh had waited until they were done to mention Burton had almost gone pro. That's when Tabatha really almost choked.

"I love her like a sister and it's fun to watch her use her hatred for losing in negotiations for venue spaces. No one ever tells her no without thinking it was her idea."

"An admirable skill in business. I'll remember not to go up against her in a negotiation."

Leigh laughed. It was more accurately a short puff of air that suggested she was humored. "You're already in one with her. You just don't realize it."

"How so?" he asked as he pulled onto the road and headed to the quietest place he knew of to talk... His house.

"She wants to have sex with you."

"And?"

"And she's never struck out when she's set her mind on a seduction."

"You'd never met a nak*d man cuffed to a toilet." He shrugged. "There's a first time for everything."

"Yeah." She looked at him for long, silent seconds before nodding and turning to look out the front window.

Smiling, he settled into the comfort of her company and drove home. When he turned into his driveway she sat a little straighter. She opened her mouth but then closed it without questioning him. He suspected her trust was tenuous and her giving it without argument was another first.

"My office is here. I thought we could have a drink and talk about the job you might have for me."

She nodded. "Makes sense."

"You really do have a potential job for me." He leaned across her to open her door so she didn't have to do it herself or sit and wait for him to round the truck. With his face close to hers he smiled. "Don't you?"

"Of course!" She'd told him as much as she knew about Jace's idea before they made it into his house. "It's not as large a job as Hearth and Home, so maybe you aren't interested, but if you are I can get it arranged."

"I'm interested. Very."

He unlocked the front door and pushed it wide for her. "I enjoy the paychecks of the larger jobs, but I enjoy the smaller jobs too. They allow me to be more creative, and they generally come with fewer headaches."

Leigh stepped into the large foyer and looked from the unfinished floor to the split stairwell ahead of her that was currently without banister rails. "The rest of the house is in a similar state of disrepair, but I'm working on it."

"How long have you been here?"

"About a month." He closed and locked the door. "I finished the office first since it's where I spend most of my time."

"Did you gut the place when you moved in or was it like this?"

"It was in pretty sad shape. Come on, I'll make you a drink." He led her to the kitchen that had plywood for countertops, or at least it would until the granite he'd ordered came in. "Believe it or not this is an improvement."

"Then I'd hate to see the before." She sneezed a dainty sneeze that looked like it would be loud but instead ended in a tiny squeak of an "achoo".

When she sneezed twice more he smiled. It was a cute sound and she looked cute doing it.

"I didn't think to ask if you were allergic to anything." He pulled a bottle of white wine and a beer from the fridge. Holding both up, he silently asked which she would prefer while he kept talking about the house. "The people who lived here before had dogs and cats. I've stirred up a lot of stuff while ripping things out. The sawdust doesn't help."

"Beer. And I'm not allergic."

He'd expected her to choose the wine. Then again he'd expected her to sit and watch him bowl rather than pick up the ball and join him and her friends in the game. She was a surprising woman.

He placed the wine back in the fridge and pulled out a beer for himself. Placing them on the island, he grabbed two mugs from the freezer. "We can go into the backyard if that will be easier. The dust is a little strong."

"I'm fine, really. I just need to adjust to the scent."

"You're being nice." He offered her a glass and then gestured for her to turn around. "We'll go outside."

She took the mug and stayed where she was. "What if you gave me a tour instead? Show off what you've done so far. Tell me what you have planned for the place."

Leigh took a drink. After she swallowed she closed her eyes and licked the corner of her mouth like she was capturing one last drop. He couldn't prevent the erotic images that popped into his head any more than he could stop wanting to give her a tour that ended in his bedroom.

"You really want to do that?"

She opened her eyes and met his gaze. "I help couples plan for the lives they're going to have. Sometimes that means I go into their home to see what they have and what they could use given the lives they want. It's fun to see what I can learn about people by seeing their space."

"Then follow me, though you won't learn much about me. I plan on selling the place, so I haven't put any of myself in here."

"You can tell yourself that, but if you're doing the work you're putting yourself into it."

He led her upstairs first, telling her it was almost ready for furniture since it hadn't needed as much work as the downstairs. He wouldn't be furnishing it, though, since he'd sell the house and buy a new one as soon as it was refurbished.

As he showed her around, he asked about her work. It impressed him how hands on she was in planning the registries for families-to-be. He'd assumed she would simply take people around to stores and tell them what to ask for. It made sense she would get to know the couples, see where and how they lived to know what would fit them. How else could she give them the best advice?

"Burton," she said as they stepped into the fourth bedroom upstairs, "I know you said this is slated as a bedroom, but with as big as it is you could turn it into a media room. Mount a big screen on that wall." She pointed with the hand not holding her beer mug. "Get theater chairs for here and a couple of oversized bean bags to go between those chairs and the TV. Put some theater-type drapes on the windows so you can black out the room during the day."

He could see the room completed as she suggested, and he loved the idea. He liked the house, a lot, but had felt like something was missing to make it his. The media room could be one of the things. Except he would tweak her suggestion. "In that back corner I could put a gaming table."

"Sure." She grinned. "Poker with the guys while the game's on and the family's downstairs or out shopping."

He saw it vividly. Him, Trevor and Jace sitting around the table while Leigh, Lori and Misty gossiped in the kitchen over a glass of wine. The kids would be running up and down the stairs, yelling and screaming. Their kids.

He stumbled backward toward the door. Toward escape. He'd seen the life he'd grown up in. The life he'd wanted for himself and had thought he could have. He'd seen it all with Leigh as his wife and that scared the shit out of him. He couldn't think about old dreams and he couldn't pretend Leigh was the right woman just because she was handy. He was building a new life absent of complications. Marriage, and all that came with it, was the biggest of all complications.

"You okay, Burton?"

"Sure." No. Lying had never been a strong suit of his. He hated lies, but he wished he could come up with one that would explain his sudden weirdness. Nothing came so he settled for ignoring it. "Let's head back downstairs. That's where the biggest portion of the work was needed."

Downstairs he showed her the informal living room and took her through the kitchen, explaining his plans for the granite countertop and appliances designed to match the cabinets. From the kitchen, he led her through a set of double glass doors he'd installed just the week before.

"This is clever." She ran her fingers along the chair rail he'd stripped and stained to bring out its natural grain. "You've closed this off at the front and back, separating it from the rest of the house so it functions as a private office while still feeling like part of the home."

"I needed to block the construction dust." A second set of double glass doors were at the entrance to the living room. He could open them and anyone coming in the front door would have a direct view of the space. "And I want it to still feel like a formal living and dining area when I sell the place."

"Why buy something like this if you're not going to stay? Will you really get your money back out of it?"

"It needed some TLC. I enjoy working with my hands. And I got a great deal on the place, so yes, I'll more than get my money back."

I enjoy working with my hands. Leigh stood in Burton's office, the place where he planned his jobs and made business decisions. Dark furniture and cream-colored walls with gorgeous sconces that offered a soft light. An efficiently organized set of shelves and file drawers backed the masculine desk. A large window overlooked the immaculately landscaped and solar-lit lawn. The space was appealing enough to let her know she'd thought of the right man for Jace's project, but as appealing as the room was it didn't appeal to her as much as the man who'd created it.

"You accomplished a lot in a month."

"I'm efficient when I'm not locked to toilets," he said with a wink.

He was kind, fun and funny, but there was a hesitance in him. Something that held him back from completely opening himself up, even as she suspected he was opening himself up more with her than he normally did. He was a mystery she wouldn't mind trying to solve.

"So you plan on buying, fixing up and selling house after house?"

"The idea's occurred to me."

She sat on the edge of the large executive desk that held only a laptop, phone, notepad and pen all precisely placed to be within easy reach. "You don't want to put down roots?"

"I have roots in family."

"Are they around here, or did you move around a lot as a kid?" That could explain his detachment to a house, because most people formed an attachment when they invested as much time and effort in a place as he already had.

"They're here. How about you? Where are your roots?"

"I'm still trying to figure that out. My foster family is here, and I know how I fit with them, but..." She took a long drink and sat the beer beside her.

"But?" He sat his mug on the desk. His arm brushed hers as he moved back to lean against the wall across from her. "There's something still missing?"

His eyes, piercing and soulful, met hers and silently encouraged her to share her innermost feelings. She'd talked about her professional dreams with Lori and the other planners. Misty knew some of her past because they'd been in college together for a while. She didn't normally talk about personal stuff with people.

"But, I..." She wasn't entirely sure what her dreams were, but somehow, facing Burton, she suspected he'd play into her figuring them out. "Do you ever feel like you haven't found your place? Like maybe you're close, but haven't quite gotten there?"

"Sounds familiar."

"Ever figure out what's missing?"

"Nope."

All evening he'd been talkative and fun. Now, when they were alone and she especially wanted to know what he thought, he grew quiet... Then he stepped forward. "I'm beginning to wonder, though..."

The spanning distance between them was minimal, but he closed each step with determination and strength.

"Wonder what?" Energy pulsed along the air. The headlights from a car turning the corner shafted through the open blinds, illuminating Burton even more than the soft light coming from the wall sconces.

"If maybe you're part of what's been missing."

Leigh's heart jumped with the dull thud of each of Burton's footfalls. It soared with the suggestion in his tone.

Chapter Six

Burton stopped with a foot still separating them. He scooted his feet across the hardwood floor until the toes of his shoes bumped the toes of hers. Leigh straightened off the desk so she stood before him, her pulse pumping harder.

He reached out and pressed his palm against her cheek. The pressure of his palm was as light as the brush of his thumb beneath her jaw and as intense as the look in his brown eyes. She swore she felt him touch her soul with the look. Then, with the softest hint of flexion he pulled her to him.

Neither of them blinked or shifted their gazes as he lowered his head and rested his forehead on hers. Staring. Breathing.

His breaths brushed her lips with a silent encouragement to part for him. Resistance, like breathing steadily, was almost impossible. Her regular breaths became tiny inhales and with each burst of air the oxygen built up in her lungs until she feared the expulsion.

"You're so beautiful."

She'd never thought of herself as overly pretty. Her h*ps were too wide and no matter how closely she watched her calories or how many crunches she did she couldn't get rid of the bulge in her tummy. The way he called her beautiful, intently and intimately, and the way he looked at her, steady and starved, had her believing him.

"I thought you were attractive the moment I saw you." His thumb brushed rhythmically along her jaw. "Then you rescued me and saved my reputation, though you were clearly against how I ended up where you found me."

Her skin heated beneath his touch. She angled her chin a little higher, rubbing her forehead against his and wishing he would kiss her. Freedom was something she'd never felt with a man, especially not a man she barely knew. That she didn't feel the need for guards with Burton, that he aroused a sense of security in her, was enlightening and scary all at once. "It wasn't that big a deal."

"It was to me. So much so I hated that I regretted not finding out how to contact you."

"Then you found me in the hardware store."

"And realized you'd told your friends about me." He rubbed the side of her nose with his.

If he was trying to draw out the tension, to make her want him more, he was succeeding. Her belly fluttered and then coiled with excited tension.

"The idea that one of them would know Mark as well as you and that they'd say something terrified me."

"Are you still worried about that? Because they'll keep your secret."

"No. I know that now." Burton buried his free hand in Leigh's hair and with a gentle tug had her bun falling from the carefully placed bobby pins.

She exhaled a shaky breath of relief when the pin that had shifted and been pinching a hair too tightly fell to the floor. The weight of her hair tumbling around her shoulders was a luxury she only allowed herself in the privacy of her home. It made her feel sexy. He made her feel sexy.

"They'll give you crap every chance they get, though."

"Does that mean I'll be around them more? That you want to see more of me?"

"I think I'd like that." He had to have heard the squeak in her voice, just as he had to know she wasn't referring to another date.

His fingers massaged her head, moved to the base of her scalp to the spot the bobby pin had been pinching. His touch, so heavenly, had her arching her neck. Her lips pressed against the soft flesh just below his mouth. It seemed to be all the encouragement he needed.

Burton stooped lower and kissed her. He didn't push or dive or plunder. It was a simple moment of lips against lips. In the simplicity rested a liberty she'd only known in her dreams. Emboldened, Leigh cupped the back of his neck and urged him to take the kiss deeper.

He needed no more encouragement. With his right hand he continued to massage her head. With his left, he applied a smidge more pressure. She parted her lips, allowing deeper access.

An image of him gripping her h*ps and planting her more firmly on the desk before plundering snapped into her mind. Instead, heartbeats stretched into long moments of exploration. She moved her hands to his neck and hair. He shifted so both hands framed her face.

Time vanished as the intricacies of Burton's kiss entwined Leigh. She shifted on the desk and spread her legs. He stepped in, never breaking the kiss. As much as she enjoyed kissing him, and she really enjoyed kissing him, she wanted to discover more. She wanted to discover the boundaries of her new freedom. Its sustainability.

Releasing another reservation, Leigh put her hands at his waist and untucked his shirt. Her pinky touched his side and he shivered. His shiver thrilled and encouraged her.

She slipped her tongue between his lips and slid it along his. On a moan that vibrated from his throat and moved through Leigh, he moved his hands to her hips.

Another car rounded the corner. Its lights shining into the room reminded Leigh that the blinds were open. With the inside lights on anyone who passed could see them. She'd never had sex outside of her bedroom with the blinds and windows closed.

"Burton, do you have a bedroom?"

"Yeah." Holding her immobile, he molded his body to hers until she had little choice but to lay back. "We'll go there next time."

The man at her front was almost as hard as the desk below her. She wanted to give in to him, to let him carry her wherever he wanted. A part of her ached to be free enough. She just wasn't built for risky sex.

"The lights are on."

His lips moved in a smile as he kissed a path down her jaw. "The better to see you with."

"And everyone else."

"Huh?" He eased up enough to look at her. His lips were shiny and lightly swollen from their kisses. "Who else is there to see?"

"Us. Everyone else can see us."

"There's no one here."

"Outside." He was going to make her spell it out, which meant she'd have to clue him in on how unadventurous she was as a lover.

Spitting it out fast was the only way she'd survive the humiliation. "The blinds are open. The lights are on. It's dark outside. Every car and person who passes can look in and see us."

Her cheeks flamed hotter and hotter with every syllable of every word. Even the tips of her ears heated and that only happened when she was horribly embarrassed. If she stopped, though, she would back out of the whole thing. If she backed out... She didn't want to think about what she'd be missing if she didn't go all the way with him.

"Don't move." He didn't ask any more questions or laugh at her or do anything to make her feel uncomfortable. He did move to the window and close the blinds with a quick pull of a chord. Turning back, he looked at her from across the room. "Better?"

She watched him from where she still lay on the desk. She started to tell him she'd prefer a bed, but the hunger in his gaze silenced her. He'd given her the privacy she wanted without condescension or argument; she could give him the choice of location. "Yes."

"Good." Moving back into the spot he'd left, he braced his hands on the desk on either side of her hips. Smiling, he kissed her tenderly. "Tell me when you want something."

Lifting her legs and wrapping them around his waist, she raised his shirt. She had learned to live the definition of predictability. Quiet and polite girls who never drew attention to themselves would have an easier time in foster homes. Or so her caseworker had said. She'd never tested the theory. Never wanted to.

Until now. Until Burton.

His touch called to her. He tempted her to an indulgence that would be anything but quiet. "I want you."

The temptation to scrape her nails along his back as she eased his shirt up was almost strong enough for her to taste. Given how she'd met him she didn't think he'd mind if she gave in to the urge, but she could only surrender to so many urges a night. Tonight's urge was being with a man she barely knew, and not in a bed.

Growing up with three sisters had taught Burton how to read a woman's cues. Leigh didn't have to spell it out for him that she was very traditional in how she liked her sex. He liked traditional as much as he liked adventure, so indulging her wasn't an issue. That didn't mean he wouldn't try to nudge her out of her comfort zone a little.

Somehow, he figured being in his office was already enough of a shift for her.

"I want you too. Damn, do I want you." He ducked out of his shirt when she worked it over his head. Tossing it aside, he kept his attention on her. "I mean it, Leigh. Tell me if you want or need anything."

"A condom. We need a condom."

Her cheeks, already flushed with the glow of slight discomfort and excitement, darkened with a deepening embarrassment. He reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet where he always put a condom when he was going out with an attractive woman-just in case.

"I'm covered." Or he would be.

She ran her hands along his neck and tugged him closer. "Then kiss me again. I really like when you kiss me."

He grinned. Some requests were simply impossible to deny. Conservative Leigh asking for a kiss in a breathless whisper was such a request. It filled him with excitement. It lifted his heart with a lightness, like he'd been filled with helium and could float away.

Holding himself off her torso while he did as she'd asked, he slid his hands beneath the hem of her shirt. Part of him hungered to have her nak*d quickly. Another part, a calmer part he wasn't accustomed to, told him to go slowly. For the first time, he found himself easing into a seduction rather than rushing toward an orgasm.

Moving his fingers in a dance along her stomach and sides, he held himself back from moving toward her br**sts. She wanted his touch. He knew it from the way she arched her back off the desk. She leaned into the kiss, pulling him into her arousal.

Her hands never stopped moving over him, and every inch of skin she touched leapt to life as if her fingers jolted him with electricity. She touched the lowest part of his back, the sensitive spot just above the waist of his jeans. The electric jolt that ramped his blood pressure higher and higher streamed through him-blood and muscles-to his dick.

He rolled his hips, rubbed himself against her. She jumped, ground herself against him. The veins in his neck strained with the force of his restraint. He moved from kissing her lips to nibbling a path down her neck. His hands worked their way eagerly toward her br**sts.

Restraint wasn't going to last as long as he'd hoped. Fire coursed through him until he was sure he would combust. Every muscle, even ones he hadn't been aware of in too long, tensed with readiness.

He hadn't been this aroused at the idea of sex in Hearth and Home. He hadn't been this aroused at the idea of sex ever.

"Burton."

"I don't want to rush this, Leigh."

She pressed into him. His eyes rolled back in his head and his ass muscles clenched.

"You're making it really hard not to, though."

"Then don't try." She trembled, a full-body quake beneath him. "You can go slow the next time."

"Okay." He pulled her off the desk and stepped away long enough for them to strip each other. It wasn't the dramatic and frenzied ripping of clothes they showed in movies, but there was a definite urgency driving them.

Leigh picked his wallet up from the desk and handed it to him. As he pulled out the condom, she resumed her reclined position on the desk. Her hair fell around her shoulders and over the wood of the desk. Work would never be the same again.

He was grinning again when he moved back to his previous position.

"You're not the woman I expected you to be."

"Should I take that as a compliment?" She played with his hair and stared into his eyes.

"Definitely." Pausing his craving for a moment, he kissed one corner of her mouth. "My first impression of you was entirely off base." He kissed the other side of her mouth. "You're conservative, but not stuffy." He kissed a pulse point in her neck. "Willing to try new things." He kissed the other pulse point. "And you're generous with your kindness."

"I must have made one hell of a first impression."

He retreated enough to look her in the eyes again. "I began adjusting my opinion the moment you turned and looked at me."

"Guess it's good neither of us judged the other by the cover."

"Or lack of cover in my case."

She angled her head as if she was studying him. Her eyes twinkled when she winked. "I can't say I minded your lack of cover."

He laughed. It was a laugh that started deep in his belly and rumbled through his entirety. It was the kind of laugh he hadn't felt like sharing with a woman since before his ex was his ex. "Ditto."

"Well, if you feel the same way-" she arched up and bit his chin playfully, "-would you stop yammering and have sex with me already?"

"You bet." He was laughing again when he pulled her a little closer to the edge of the desk. He held her h*ps and positioned himself for a quick thrust. The instant he slipped into her warmth his laughter died and every molecule of his being heated. It wasn't a calm heat, or even a fully welcoming heat. Like he'd stepped into the flame of a blowtorch, it was an intense and focused heat.

Writhing and rolling her hips, Leigh didn't give him time to adjust or decide how he felt about the intensity of the moment, not that she knew how he was feeling. Her movement sparked more fire, launched him higher.

Intentions of taking his time to explore her body, to indulge in the delights of her curves, evaporated with every withdrawal. She closed her eyes and relaxed every time he thrust. When he withdrew she stared deep into his eyes and squeezed. Her inner walls teased him with complacency and then begged him to stay a beat later.

Gentle glide in.

Pulsing pull out.

They moved in harmony.

Closer.

They'd put their issues and hang-ups aside, and in return were being rewarded with moments of perfection.

Closer.

On a withdrawal he paused. Her eyes drifted shut when he spoke. "Keep them open. I want to see your eyes."

She obeyed. He stared past the conservative surface and smiled at the sexy temptress hiding in the shaded green pools. He didn't thrust like he had been. He instead eased slowly in, reveling in the miniscule and countless pulses of her convulsing muscles as she neared her orgasm.

Her eyes flared wider. Her throat bounced with a swallow. All the way in, he tilted his h*ps forward, nudging her g-spot and then keeping the pressure steady for a moment. With tiny pumps of his hips, barely moving away from her, he carried her closer. She rose higher and higher off the desk, trying to get closer, trying to keep him in place when he released the pressure.

She sucked her lower lip beneath her teeth and Burton was sure he'd lose it. Words couldn't have helped them communicate more clearly as they touched and stroked and petted each other. Each time he rolled his h*ps forward her fingertips dug into his skin. When he eased off so did she.

Pressure.

Her mounting pleasure seeped into the pulses of energy that escaped from her fingertips.

Release.

She fed a hunger he hadn't recognized in himself.

Pressure.

She brightened the darkness that had grown in his heart.

Release.

She reawakened the dreams that had once lived in his soul.

Pressure.

When he would have eased off again, she dug her heels into his ass and held him still. Then it became her turn to apply the pressure as she worked her inner muscles along his length. Warm, tight and gripping she beckoned.

The base of his spine tingled. Every muscle in his core and beyond contracted and coiled. With a final flex of her inner muscles, he popped the lock on his control. Their moans of release mingled as they sailed over the edge and into the stars together.

Getting handcuffed to a toilet hadn't turned out how he'd planned. Looking down at the curvaceous woman still clutching him deep inside, Burton realized it had turned out better. Much better.

Chapter Seven

Leigh sat at the large round table topped with a Lazy Susan. Surrounding her were the other planners from Tulle and Tulips-Lori, Misty, Tabatha, Shayna, Kayla, Gisella, Darci, Tess, Issabelle, Aleshia and Brittany. It wasn't often all their schedules lined up for a night out, but when they did the conversation took a predictable path down Debauchery Lane.

"So tell us more about your sexy bowling partner," Kayla said as she scooped a slice of cake on her plate.

"He's a nice guy. We had a good time."

"How much of a good time?" Tabatha winked.

"You were there." Leigh traced the rim of her wine glass. She ignored the desserts on the Lazy Susan turning before her and hoped Tabatha would drop the subject.

"But you left with him."

So much for hope.

"We talked business. I went home." She shrugged as she lifted her glass for a drink.

"If you're doing business with him, surely you've talked to him since."

Tess may look like the cliched blonde that jokes were modeled after, but she could always be counted on to insert logic into a situation. It came in handy when she worked with her clients to figure out what food to serve and how much. It was annoying when you wanted a subject dropped.

Her logic wasn't something Leigh wanted to face, because when it came to thinking about Burton she didn't feel particularly logical. She was trying not to feel anything, because while he had humored her unwillingness to be an exhibitionist, there would come a time when his preference for sex games would invade. She wanted to be brave enough to go there with him, but her mind's programming said she'd be better off staying away.

"I gave him the contact information for the job. He's dealing directly with the client."

"So you really haven't talked with him?" Aleshia, the youngest of the group at barely twenty-two, asked with a sweet naivete.

"I really haven't."

"Why not?" Tabatha's question, unsurprisingly, carried a clear as crystal you're-out-of-your-damn-mind inflection. "It's not every day a man like that comes your way."

A man like that. "A man like what, Tabatha?"

"A sexually adventurous one."

Leigh shook her head. Burton had talked a good game when they'd gone bowling, but he hadn't called. It was logical to think he'd allowed their differences-his thirst for sexual adventure and her need for quiet connections-to change his mind. "A man like that has nothing to offer me."

"Except screaming orgasms."

Darci, never able to fully hide her nervous energy, fiddled with the diamond, tie-shaped necklace she almost always wore. "I didn't meet him, but it sounds to me like he's a man who could bring a little sparkle into your life."

"My life has enough sparkle." She traced the rim of her glass again. "There's no such thing as enough sparkle," Darci declared.

"Or orgasms," laughed Gisella.

Leigh had known when Tabatha asked her to join them for happy hour the conversation would eventually turn to Burton, just as she'd known her friends would try to talk her into indulging in sex games. What they didn't seem to understand was that they were encouraging her to do something she wasn't built for.

"Perhaps that's true for you guys. It's not for me." At least not the way her friends meant.

"I saw the way he looked at you." Shayna stuck her fork into a giant slice of four-layer chocolate cake. She closed her mouth around the cake and moaned in delight. Leigh wasn't sure if the moan was over the cake or the idea of how Shayna thought Burton had looked at her. "Are you telling us nothing happened between you two? That you don't want anything to happen?"

"Yes, I'm telling you I don't want anything to happen." It wasn't the full truth. She didn't regret what had happened, but neither did she want anything else to happen. Or, she didn't want to want it when he clearly didn't. She'd rub her temples in confusion if there were a chance Tabatha wouldn't pounce on it as a weakness. Instead, she continued running her finger over the rim of her glass until the lowest of hums began.

"Wanting something even when your mind tells you not to want it..." Lori smiled. "Sounds a little like me not too long ago."

"Which didn't make any more sense then than it does now." Misty stated around a mouthful of tiramisu. "When are you going to put Trevor out of his misery?"

"Yeah, Lori." Eager to get her friends off her sex life, Leigh jumped on the new train. "How many times are you going to make that poor man propose?"

"You know he's never asked the same way twice?" Lori propped her chin on her palm and smiled a dreamy smile that didn't quite hide the doubt lingering in her eyes.

"You're afraid the romance will end if you say yes. Or that he won't really love you." Kayla, who had a surprising knack of seeing things in the viewfinder of her cameras everyone else missed, spoke quietly. If the camera really was a window into the soul, Kayla was its master.

"Does that make me a bad person or a coward?" Lori's voice didn't come across as defensive, but rather as a woman concerned with the answer.

"No." Isabella fluffed a ruffled sleeve of her peasant blouse. "But I don't think you have to worry about either possibility when it comes to Trevor."

"I've worked with a lot of men, but Trevor..." Brittany sighed. "He could teach classes in romance. As for loving you, he's sunk."

"Could you imagine what the dating scene would be like if men actually took those classes?" Shayna sighed around another bite of her cake.

"I imagine it would look a bit like bowling with Burton."

Leave it to Tabatha to find a way to circle the conversation back around to Burton. The woman was a predator and gossip was her prey.

"You guys should have seen the way he gave Leigh pointers. She had to have felt every inch of him."

And every inch of him had felt...delicious. In the bowling alley. In his office. In his bedroom. Delicious enough that a night hadn't passed without him slipping into her mind or dreams.

She couldn't stop thinking about him or the way he made her feel or how apparent it was that she hadn't bothered him the same way, because wouldn't he have called if she had? Wouldn't he have called if she'd been fun enough for him to want more?

"He'll call. Even the most resistant ones call." Misty smiled the smile she always smiled when she thought of her fiance, Jace. He'd wanted Misty even while he hadn't wanted to want her, or anyone. And he hadn't been able to stay away.

"Burton prefers a different kind of woman." A toilet tramp willing to play games.

"Then be his kind of woman." Tabatha shrugged. "It's not as hard as you think."

"Maybe that's the real problem," Brittany suggested with a wicked wink. "Poor guy is embarrassed."

"If he's half of what you guys say..." Aleshia erupted into a fit of giggles so high-pitched and teenagerish it made sober women cringe. "No way that's true."

"True or not, he hasn't called." The admission was one that hurt even while she understood it.

"So call him."

"Not happening." Leigh narrowed her gaze on Tabatha, not that she thought for a second Tabatha would let the matter drop. They'd circled back around to a sexy man. The subject wouldn't be changed.

"What's so scary, Leigh?" Lori swirled the wine in her glass, but didn't drink any. She seemed perfectly happy to interrogate Leigh like they'd tried to interrogate her about Trevor's proposals. "Are you afraid you might enjoy whatever adventure he pulls you into?"

That and not being able to stop. The idea of indulging that side of herself, the side she hadn't let out to play since... It was too dangerous. Losing control was too dangerous. She couldn't admit as much to her friends, though, without telling them about the past, and that was something she never talked to anyone about.

"Listen." Tess spoke up, again offering her brand of reason. "Maybe you're afraid, and we're not saying you should go off and start having crazy sex in public."

"Though that does sound fun."

Leigh ignored Tabatha. She tried to tune everyone out, but they wouldn't be silenced. They would push and push until they felt their voices had each been heard.

"There's nothing wrong with allowing yourself to indulge in some pleasure once in a while," Tess continued. "Have some fun."

"If you don't want to have it with Burton then give me his number so I can call him."

"Tabatha!" Shayna smacked her friend and shook her head. "Stop trying to poach."

"If nothing's happened and she doesn't want him it isn't poaching."

"That's not how it works and you know it," Kayla stated bluntly.

"All she has to do is say she wants him." Tabatha shrugged and looked at Leigh. "Do you want him, Leigh?"

It was a look that dared her to deny what she wanted even while daring her to admit her deepest wants. Embrace an adventure or stay safe within predictability. It hadn't been a dilemma, or even a question she'd asked herself, in years. That it was coming up when she was still within the first year of a new business venture where her success impacted the success of so many others and didn't have the time for a distraction was problematic.

More problematic than how easily she'd given in to desire when she'd been with Burton was how quickly she would slip into a downward spiral if she spent more time with him.

Excitement.

Adventure.

Indulgence.

They were all normal experiences, unless the person having them was her. Looking around the table at her friends, weighing their suggestions with what she'd felt in Burton's arms, Leigh forced herself to admit an uncomfortable truth.

She wasn't ready to handle the consequences of being with Burton, but neither could she stomach the idea of Tabatha making a play for him any more than she could stop thinking of what it would be like to be with him again.

The only way to stop the circling advice and see how much she could handle would be to give their suggestions a shot. And keep Tabatha away from Burton.

"Yes, I want him. I don't know what to do about it, but I do want him."

Each of her friends smiled, but Tabatha's smile was the broadest, brightest and most triumphant.

"The what-to-do part is easy." Tabatha offered with a wink. "You call him, ask him out, and then you let him screw your brains out."

So much easier said than done because saying the words didn't have the power to hammer each nail into her obsessive nerve center with an addicting accuracy. Thinking about him, the admission, calling him, had heat slipping along her cheeks and the tops of her ears.

Chapter Eight

Metallica rocked the earbuds that did a passable job at blocking out the noise from the sander. The rock did nothing to stop the vibrations shaking Burton's hands, arms and shoulders. Until he'd found the escape of loud music and earbuds they'd even reached his head, taking over until every hair tingled at the root. It wasn't such a horrible sensation until he stopped working and a headache set in as the vibrations subsided.

His dad and brother argued that he wouldn't get the headaches at all if he would take a few more breaks. Unlike his brother and father he didn't have anything, anyone, around to serve as a worthwhile distraction.

For a few moments with Leigh he'd thought she might be the kind of woman he could settle down with. After the rush of office sex they'd moved to his room where they'd taken their time with each other. Hours of perfection had passed.

He'd planned on asking her to spend the night, something he never did, but her plans were different. She'd gotten dressed and made him take her home. When he'd dropped her off she thanked him for a fun night and made a hasty retreat-not giving him the chance to walk her to her door.

He'd never seen a woman retreat with regret as fast as Leigh had. It was his problem that he was still thinking of her a week later. He thought of her when he went to Jace's to work on Misty's office. He heard her laugh in the aisles of the hardware store. Her scent-soft sex-taunted him when he went into Hearth and Home to follow up on a few final touches. His body felt hers as vividly as if she were in touching distance when he went bowling.

The woman had been a brief light in his life, but every moment had stuck with him. They had him thinking about her and wanting to call her. Several times he'd reached for the phone. Each time he'd put it down, because why torment himself with a woman who wanted no part of being with him.

The softness of her scent mixed with the sharp odor of dust from the floor. The impression was so real a flash of Leigh spread nak*d on the newly sanded floor snapped into his mind. His gut knotted and his skin heated in a way that had nothing to do with manual labor and everything to do with desire.

Burton flicked off the sander and sat back on his heels. The driving wail of heavy metal blasted his ears. It had drowned out the sander, but it was worthless against the images of Leigh. Nothing he'd tried had been enough to drive her memory from his mind. She invaded his thoughts almost entirely, and each invasion increased the idea that he was missing out on something important. Something too important to miss.

She wasn't like his ex. She was more conservative-considerably so-but she'd also been willing to shed her proper attire and cut loose at the bowling alley. She had friends who clearly loved her, which said a lot about her as a person, and she made him laugh. He hadn't laughed with a woman in a long time.

Whatever made her run, he couldn't make himself stay away any longer. Leigh was different in every way that was good, and he wanted to get to know more about her. If he were lucky he could talk her into another date. If he were very lucky she'd allow herself to be seduced to his bed.

Plucking the earbuds from his ears with his left hand, he used his right to reach into his back pocket for his phone. Maybe she didn't want to hear from him again, but he wasn't going to leave it to chance.

Since he'd last seen her, an hour hadn't passed without her crossing his mind. He'd thought of her touch, her smile, her laugh, her kiss. She'd saved him, then intrigued him, then slipped into his mind more solidly than she'd gotten beneath his skin.

He pulled up her number and hit Talk before he could chicken out. She answered quickly.

"Hello."

"Leigh, it's Burton."

"Um... Hi." Her tone stumbled. She cleared her throat. "What's up?"

My libido. That probably wasn't the best approach to take with the woman who ran away from him after sex, so he tried for something less direct. "I wanted to thank you for putting me in touch with Jace."

"Oh. No problem." She cleared her throat again. "He says you're doing a great job."

"Thanks." Silence strained the line as neither of them moved to take the conversation to the next point or to end it. He could practically feel her waiting on him to say something, but he'd resorted to the blank mind he'd always suffered in high school when he called a girl. Phone calls were not his thing.

A dog's bark broke the silence. He wasn't sure if it was on her end or his, because the neighbor's dog was always barking. He had to say something before she hung up. It couldn't be too pathetic either. He used to be smooth. Clearly those days were over. "Listen, Leigh."

"Yeah?"

"I'd like to see you." That didn't suck too bad. "I can't seem to stop thinking about-"

A knock at the door interrupted his thoughts, not that he'd really had anything great to say planned. "Damn. Someone's at the door. Can you hold on?"

"Sure."

With as late as it was, it was probably a neighbor coming to complain about the noise of the sander. Mr. Michaels-the one with the barking dog-because he was the block complainer. Or Mrs. Finelli.

As long as it wasn't Mrs. Finelli he would be able to get back to Leigh quickly. If it was Mrs. Finelli he worried he'd find himself spending an hour in the kitchen eating too-hard cookies and listening to the old lady talk about her grandkids.

He dusted his hands on his jeans and then opened the door. It wasn't Mrs. Finelli.

"You can't seem to stop thinking about what?" Leigh asked with a smile as she leaned against the doorframe.

Instead of her typical bun, her hair was in a ponytail with a few soft strands falling against her face. Her normal makeup, at least her lipstick, had been given an extra layer of gloss that teased him when she smiled her shy smile.

"Leigh. What are you doing here?"

She slipped her phone into the back pocket of her snug-fitting jeans. "Testing a theory."

"Yeah?" He slipped his phone back into his pocket and reached for her hand. He didn't pull her inside right away. For the moment he was happy to just look at her and hold her hand. "What theory's that?"

Her smile slipped and her gaze slid to the floor. He'd glimpsed her uncertainty a few times before, yet this more closely resembled all-out shyness. She wasn't the kind of woman to go to a man's home uninvited, yet she stood on his doorstep. Choosing to show up at nearly eleven at night suggested she was torn between wanting him to answer and wanting him not to answer.

"Were you trying to see if I'd be out on a date? Maybe you wanted to see if I'd have another woman here?"

"What?" She lunged back. Burton tightened his hold on her hand. He wasn't ready to let her go. "No!"

The blush staining her cheeks made a liar out of her and knowing that made him smile. She'd thought about the possibilities and didn't necessarily like them if the frown pinching the corners of her mouth were any indication.

"Well-" he leaned against the doorframe and played with her fingers, "-then why are you here?"

She said nothing, maybe because she wasn't sure how to answer or maybe because she was afraid of her answer. It didn't really matter. He'd thought about her for days. She was back. He was going to keep her around long enough to figure out what it was about her that pulled him to her.

"Since you're here-" he stepped back and tugged on her hand, "-why don't you come in?"

She nodded and stepped inside. Sawdust coated her black flats, but she didn't seem to mind. She sneezed a sneeze that looked like it would be hard enough to send spasms through her entire body but ended in a dainty little squeak. Then she sneezed again. And again.

Each one had him smiling bigger, because damn if they weren't the cutest sneezes he'd ever heard. She looked around as she ran her hand along some of the molding he'd installed. His skin tingled with the remembered brush of her fingertips.

"You've gotten a lot done."

"Pent-up energy has to go somewhere."

"I just seem to live at work."

He opened his arms to indicate the house around them. "And I can't get away from mine."

"It doesn't look like you really want to."

Rather than respond, he pulled his iPod from his pocket and wrapped the earbud chord around it. Setting it on the banister, he stepped in closer to Leigh. As much as he enjoyed working on the house and watching it take shape, and as simple as the last year without a woman in his life had been, having Leigh show up had him realizing how quiet the last week had been. Making love with her had rocked, but more than that he'd enjoyed talking to her. She brought a spark of life into his house, making it feel a bit like a home.

"Are you going to stain the floors or clear coat them?"

"Good question." Leading the way to the kitchen, he picked some sample blocks of wood up from the bar. "I'm debating between the lighter, more natural-looking pine or a deeper, darker cherry, mahogany or ebony."

"You strike me more as a mahogany kind of guy. You're not light and open, but you're not dark and secretive either. This mahogany-" she lifted a sample strip, "-is a happy medium and you could make things darker or lighter with your choices in furniture and finishing touches."

"Is decorating another one of your talents?" he asked, shifting so his bicep rubbed her shoulder. Warmth and comfort slipped through him. The softness of her scent floated beneath the lingering smell of sawdust.

"If it involves shopping I'm good at it."

"Oh, so you have a standing love affair with your credit card." After years with his ex he should have recognized the signs. He would have if it weren't for her conservative appearance.

Even conservative, there was a polish to her that came from shopping. From the top of her perfect bun to the tip of her pricey shoes. Between top and tip were perfect makeup, crisp clothes, erect posture and an insight into fashion shared with her friends. He'd been blinded by the sensible side of her and by her willingness to rearrange plans to go bowling, an evening that should have been harmless.

"We're friends, but I prefer it when someone else gets the resulting bill."

"Predictable behavior for most women." Another thing she had in common with his ex. It wasn't a shining quality.

She sat the wood blocks on the counter and looked up to meet his gaze. Her brows curved a little more than normal. It was the same way she'd looked at him when they first met, like she was worlds away from approving of him. That he wanted her approval was a new thing for him. He'd given up on worrying about what women thought of him, but he wanted Leigh to see only the goodness in him. Even if experiences had him looking for the negatives in her.

"You say that like you think I'm leading people into debt."

"Really?" He wasn't sure if it surprised him more that she sounded offended or that it upset him to hear her sound like he offended her. He wasn't used to thinking so much about what others thought and felt. "You've never once encouraged someone to buy something just because it would look good? You only suggest things that serve a purpose?"

She turned and looked at him with her head cocked a little. Her voice, when she spoke, carried a bristly tone that said he'd raised her hackles. "By your logic no one would have things like art on their walls or colorful knickknacks. You wouldn't have gone for the decorative wall sconces in your office when a normal light bulb in an overhead light would have sufficed."

"Except that the more decorative sconce is an enhancement that makes the house worth more."

Her lips curled. "If your next buyer likes muted light more than direct overhead lighting. It's all personal preference."

"You're saying you help people define their preferences?"

"You guide your clients when it comes to updates and building projects. You help them decide what will work in a space and what won't. And I'm fairly certain your suggestions are sometimes at the higher end of their budgets. I do the same thing for my clients." She shrugged and turned toward the front door. "Had I known you'd find what I do, and me by extension, so distasteful, I'd have never come here."

It shouldn't have taken an argument to reveal the truth of her character. Being burned was never a good enough reason to mistreat someone. He should've known she was different.

She was halfway to the front door, muttering something about knowing why he hadn't called, when his brain and body had gotten on the same page and caught up with her. "Leigh, wait."

She stopped and pivoted slowly. Her eyes were colder than he'd thought capable given her generosity. He hadn't thought he had the power to hurt her, either. She made making a liar out of him look easy.

She'd been dead accurate in the comparison between them. She'd proven how good she was when she made the suggestion about turning the room upstairs into a media room instead of a guest bedroom. It was the kind of thing he'd have considered if he wasn't more concerned with flipping the house, or if he'd been planning the job for a client.

If she was guilty of leading people into debt then so was he. She was no more responsible for keeping people from overspending than he was.

"I'm sorry." He shrugged, knowing there weren't enough words to convey how sorry he was. "For a minute I allowed your pleasure in shopping to mean you were a shopaholic who'd use people to get ahead. I should've known better. If you were like that you'd never have helped me."

Her brows popped up again in acknowledgement. "She really did a number on you."

"Who?"

"Your shopaholic." She crossed her arms, guarding herself. Her gaze met his, looked into his head and heart, saw the truths that made him tick. "I'm guessing an ex who tossed you over because she found someone with deeper pockets."

He bowed his head in agreement. "My ex-wife. The more money I made the more easily she allowed the definition of things like budget and delayed gratification to slip away."

"And the other man?"

Leigh saw even deeper into him than he was entirely comfortable with, but she wasn't giving him a reason to hide the truth. Hell, if anything her questions were making her more desirable. They showed an interest his wife had never managed.

"We went to Disney World. Let's just say the happiest place on Earth wasn't so happy for me."

"What'd she do, wait until you were in line for Stitch's Great Escape and ask for her own?"

"Something like that, only I was holding our place, and her stuff, when her lover called her phone."

She winced. "So you took your escape before she asked for hers."

"Leaving her to find her own way home was... I'm not sure how I resisted." His muscles tingled with the remembered rage. As he talked about the worst time in his life, he led the way to the bedroom where they could sit comfortably. Leigh followed and silently kicked off her dusty shoes to sit Indian style on his bed.

"It was probably the hundreds of kids surrounding us that kept me from telling her what I really thought of her."

He mirrored her position, almost close enough for his knees to brush hers. The temptation of the touch shoved against the burn of the betrayal he spoke of. He wanted to reach out, yet at the same time he didn't want the ugliness of his ex anywhere near Leigh.

Chapter Nine

Leigh listened as Burton talked about his ex. Everyone had baggage. Some bags weighed more than others. She especially knew that, just as she knew how important it was to not hold the past against people. Logic didn't stand a chance against the chokehold of jealousy, even jealousy that shouldn't be hers to feel.

The more Burton talked the more closely his words resembled a spewing release of old hurts. Paula had done a number on his ability to trust. She'd used him and cheated on him, and according to his version she barely blinked when he confronted her about the affair.

"I'd thought about staying to get my money's worth out of the trip. The fun was ruined though."

"You left early?"

He nodded. "I waited until we got back to the hotel to say anything. She didn't try to deny it and I couldn't deny how pissed off I was. I packed my stuff and left."

"Did she leave with you?"

"No. Turned out her lover was there too. They spent the rest of the week together."

"You've got to be kidding! What a bitch."

Grinning wasn't something he did when he thought about Paula. Leigh had a knack for making him smile, though, even when talking about his ex. "Yeah. As soon as I got back to town, I met with my attorney and filed for a divorce. By the time she got home I'd packed the things I cared most about and moved out."

"Did she contest?"

He shook his head. Resignation pinched his lips and eyes. "I made her a settlement offer she couldn't resist."

"You gave her everything." Leigh scooted across the inches separating them until their knees bumped. She flattened her hands on his knees, though she wasn't sure if it was to offer comfort or reassure herself that he was with her for the moment rather than his ex.

She'd always hated the uncertainty that came from jealousy. Hated the way the irrational emotion made people behave. Hating it did nothing to keep her from feeling it.

"Minus enough for me to start my new business."

"Did you give in so easily because you're just that nice of a guy or because you wanted out that badly?"

"It must've been the latter, because I was not feeling like a nice guy."

"Understandable." He slid his hands over her thighs like she was doing to him. It was a reaffirming kind of touch she didn't fully get. They weren't in a relationship she should feel insecure about, so her need to touch him, to feel him touch her in return, held no logic. "Did she marry the other man?"

"Almost as soon as the ink was dry on the divorce papers. He didn't even ask for a pre-nup."

"You should've sent him a condolences arrangement. Sounds like he deserves whatever he gets."

Burton laughed. It started low and built into a rolling laugh that shook his body, the bed and her. His laughter lit a spark in her libido.

"Man, I wish I'd have had you around when I left her. You would've made it more fun."

"I suspect you preferred the kind of fun I'm not built for."

"You weren't exactly dull the other night."

"If I was so great..." She trailed off, afraid to ask what she couldn't get out of her head.

Burton leaned forward, supporting himself on her thighs. The look in his eyes said he wanted to kiss her, but he didn't. "I didn't call you because I didn't think you'd want me to."

I didn't think you'd want me to. He said it so plainly, as if he was surprised to learn differently. "Why would you think that?"

"You made a pretty quick exit after I asked you to stay."

She flashed back to that night, to what he'd said after the third round of orgasms. I could tie you up and keep you forever. It had been too much too fast. He'd gotten too intense and then hadn't called because he'd misread her need for an escape. She'd thought he found her too dull; he'd thought she found him too risky.

Maybe they'd both been as wrong as they'd been right. He could stand to take less risks. She could stand to take more.

"I wasn't sure how to handle you." She winked, hoping to lighten the mood. "I have a better grip on things now."

"You mean on me, or yourself?"

He was the easy answer, but before "you" trembled from her tongue she reconsidered. Her friends had been right to say she could use more spark in her life. She'd felt more alive during the time spent with him than she had in years. Being apart from him, despite how recently they'd met, had left her with an emptiness she'd only recognized when he opened the front door and took her hand.

They'd spent one night together. When she showed up on his porch late at night they ended up talking about his ex. It wasn't exactly a normal way to start anything. Suddenly though, the answer was easy. "Us."

"I like the sound of that." Burton pulled her hands back to his thighs and squeezed lightly.

Still squeezing Leigh's hands, he pulled her hands to his hips. The move gave her no choice but to lean forward. He stared into her eyes with the intention to kiss her a nak*d declaration.

His mouth, his kisses and wanting more, had kept her driving every time she'd considered turning the car around. They'd been the motivation she needed to get out and walk to his door. Then he'd called her and she'd been helpless against the idea of feeling him, tasting him, again.

"Burton."

He released her hands and placed his on the mattress on either side of her hips. Leaning across the few lingering inches, he kissed her. Like the first time he didn't plunge and plunder, though she wouldn't argue if he did. Seduction seemed to be his natural style, which possibly made him more dangerous than any risk-loving player. He didn't ask for anything kinky and crazy, which only made her want to give it to him.

"You're stunning." He pressed tiny kisses to the corners of her mouth and along the lines of her cheekbones.

"You're not shabby." The lack of pressure from him became a pressing weight of need in her stomach.

"Will you stay the night?" He moved his attention to her neck, lingered at the edge of her collar.

Shivers painted her body in shades of brilliance. Passion and fire. Warm and enticing. Denying Burton and the demands of her body might be the smart move, yet it wasn't what she wanted. It was the last thing she wanted.

"I have an early meeting."

"I have a reliable alarm clock."

It was all the encouragement she needed to stay and indulge in a little thrill. Kissing him like he had her, she feathered soft touches along his face. When she reached his ear she shifted from light kisses to the lightest of nibbles on his lobe. "Your blinds."

"Are closed," he whispered.

"Would you enjoy it more if they were open?"

"Not particularly."

His lips curled against her neck. "Besides, my room faces the oncoming street more directly than the office."

She held his lobe and pulled gently with her teeth, extending the soft flesh almost to its max. "I've noticed."

"Are you saying you'd be okay with it if I preferred them open? Someone could see us."

She trembled. It was taboo and there was no way of knowing who might see them or how they would respond. With Burton's mouth on her she didn't care about the danger. The spark of his desire bled through her and inflamed her willingness to take the advice of her friends. "I think so, yes."

He pulled back and faced her. Studied her with an unblinking intensity. "Are you asking for this because you think it's more exciting for me?"

"Can you tell me it isn't?" Yes. No. She wanted to hear both answers because both held a rush of possibilities.

If he got more excited by the danger it would be an excuse to indulge the side of herself she'd locked down. The idea of him being more excited by having her to himself was just as delicious.

"The thrill of being caught is tantalizing. The idea of wondering if your neighbors saw you would linger in the back of your mind every time you go to your mailbox."

He touched the underside of her chin with the tip of a finger and made sure she was looking into the depths of his brown gaze. He searched her eyes for her secrets, and the intensity of his search scorched a path into her heart until she was certain he'd read her mind.

"You weren't appalled when you found me in Hearth and Home."

She shook her head.

"Surprised and a little embarrassed, but not turned off." His finger flexed against her chin. He never blinked. "You've indulged in games before."

She nodded.

"You got burned by whoever you trusted. That's why you're so conservative now."

Words wouldn't come to her. She wasn't even sure her voice would work if she could form a thought in her brain. She settled on a single nod.

"And you're willing to trust me."

She nodded again.

He knew the truth; she knew there was no reason to deny it. It was in the simple silence of the moment, in the pause before he spoke next, that enlightenment made an appearance.

She was willing to take risks with him because she trusted him.

Tingles from his touches paled beneath the onslaught of truth. Her body and the world around her stalled and then jolted to life as if she'd been shocked. She felt alive, and in the danger of her realization she also felt safe.

She cared for him. A lot.

She barely knew him. They hadn't spent enough time together to justify how deep her feelings may go, but there was no ignoring it. He'd shown her tenderness and patience and understanding. He'd apologized for comparing her to his ex. He'd been honest with her at every turn and now he was protecting her from exposing more of herself than she was entirely comfortable with.

He was treating her the way Trevor and Jace treated Lori and Misty.

He was the biggest threat to her security and the biggest thrill. If he figured out how much power he held there would be no escape.

"Leigh, I don't care about that as much as I think you think I do." He shrugged the shrug of a man who accepted he was what he was-a man who liked sex. "I won't deny that public displays can be fun, but knowing I and I alone have the honor of watching you give yourself over to an orgasm... There's no bigger rush."

"Oh, God." She swallowed. Her organs leapt into a thrilling dance that shot life into every molecule. "You don't make things easy."

"Then let's simplify them." Smooth and confident, he took her shoulders in his strong hands and laid her back in front of him. Stretching out beside her, he traced a fingertip along the collar of her shirt, teasing her skin with only the occasional contact.

"You're beautiful." He slid his finger over her chest and down her stomach. Flattening his palm on her stomach, she was sure he was going to untuck the shirt. He instead settled on rubbing her pelvis and hip.

"I enjoy spending time with you." Gripping her hip lightly, he rolled her to him and then slid his palm down her thigh. Cupping the back of her knee, he raised her leg over his.

"I love having you nak*d and against me. Then there's the thrill of your p**sy squeezing me when I'm buried deep."

She shuddered and popped her h*ps forward, rubbed against the erection pressing against his jeans.

"I'm also perfectly happy doing nothing other than make out with you. I could spend hours kissing you and seeing just how hot we can get before we implode."

Leigh flattened her hand over the bulge of his pecs. Her panties grew wetter and the seam of her pants pressed against her, enticing her. Every syllable he uttered in his smooth, seductive voice made her hotter. If he thought she could last hours without implosion... He was so wrong.

"What do you say we see how long we can last?"

"I think hours are too long, but I'm game."

Chapter Ten

Weeks passed in a blur of work and dates and make-out sessions that always ended with Leigh's nak*d legs wrapped around his waist. She helped finish the floor in the entryway, painted walls and re-grouted the tile in the showers.

She walked into his house each evening in raggedy clothes and her hair in a loose ponytail. She walked out each morning in sensible business clothes and her hair in a well-secured bun. She shared both sides of herself with him, and both sides seemed like the real her.

More and more the idea of Leigh becoming a permanent part of his life settled in Burton's mind. In the hours he spent home alone, he saw and heard her. He viewed the rooms as if they were finished with every touch she suggested. Every touch that reflected him perfectly.

Through helping him get the house sale-ready she had him looking at it as if it were his home. As if it were the place he wanted to start a family. With her.

Every day he spent with her was a day he fell a little closer to love. By the time his eyes slid closed at night he was sure he'd gotten there, but each morning he watched her walk away he thought of Paula, and that had him wondering how long Leigh would stay before she decided he wasn't the best she could get. Those thoughts had him pulling away until she returned in the evening.

The up and down of his emotions was exhausting. He hated the insecurity and wished he knew how to talk about it with Leigh, but talking it out would require revealing himself to her. He wasn't ready for that.

The mattress dipped at his side. Leigh's soft lips came to rest on his with a sweetness he'd been allowed to taste every morning for weeks. His lips curved a moment before he opened his eyes. "You're dressed."

"Yes." She kissed him again and then moved away. "And you need to be too. We're supposed to be at Jace and Misty's in less than an hour."

He grabbed her hand and pulled her down. "Plenty of time for sex and a shower."

She giggled the way she often did when he talked directly about sex. She'd admitted after a few drinks one night it wasn't embarrassment that made her giggle. Her claim was he made her feel like a teenager and that made her giggle. Of course her telling him that had him finding ways each day to make her giggle. It was almost as cute as when she sneezed.

"I have sweet rolls in the oven. I don't want them to burn."

"You cooked?" She excelled at take out while he was the one who did most of the cooking, when they cooked.

"Even I can open a tube of rolls and put them in the oven." She kissed him sharply and pulled back. "Now get showered and dressed so we're not late."

Arguments sprang to mind. He'd discovered which buttons to push when he wanted to coax her into bed. He'd also discovered if he made her late for work or something with her friends she withdrew and he had to work twice as hard to coax her out of her embarrassment.

In a humoring mood, he let her go deal with breakfast while he followed her orders. He stepped into the kitchen to see a sight he'd never have expected.

Leigh stood in front of the refrigerator with the door open. In her hand was a jug of dark chocolate milk, and she was drinking directly from it. She was the kind who frowned on double dipping. Her eyes would shout her disappointment if he moved a chip toward the salsa bowl for a second scoop. Yet, there she was with the jug cap in one hand while she drank freely from the jug.

Grinning, he watched her for a minute. "I thought you were more refined than that."

She jumped and looked ashamed as she turned to him. He closed the distance and took the jug from her. With a wink he took a long pull of the milk too. "Some things are better when they're shared."

"I do like the way you share things." She was laughing as she pushed up on her tiptoes and kissed his cheek. "Go sit down while I ice the rolls and get your coffee."

It was all very comfortable and domestic, when he didn't know how to do that outside of his family home. "You don't have to wait on me."

"I know." She moved to the island and began spreading the thick white glaze on the rolls. When she slipped a finger between her lips to suck off the icing his resolve to resist her crumbled.

Nothing guaranteed she wouldn't leave him one day, that she wouldn't find someone better or with deeper pockets. He could hold on to the fear like a pro, or he could take a chance and see what happened if he took the next step.

The debate was still raging in his head when Leigh turned with a large plate of rolls and a smile that warmed her eyes and made his stomach turn to mush. "Hungry?"

"Starved." And not just for cinnamon rolls.

She poured him a cup of coffee and handed him the bowl of sugar. She dished out several cinnamon rolls on a plate and served him. She took care of him, seemingly happy with the domesticity.

After she'd joined him with her own cup and plate he turned and studied her. The woman had swept away the grime of Paula, leaving a clean slate for herself, and she'd done it without him noticing. She'd also held a part of herself back.

"Leigh?"

"Yeah?"

"What happened? With whoever burned you."

She chewed the bite she'd just taken. Chewed it more thoroughly than was necessary. After swallowing, she took a long drink of her coffee, and then another. Whatever her story was she didn't want to talk about it. The longer she delayed the more certain he became that she wouldn't tell him.

Then, without taking her gaze from her plate, she spoke. "I had just gotten to college. I was a sheltered girl who'd spent years wanting to make a break from the constraints of system expectations and discover who I was."

"College is a good time for that."

"I met a guy. Derek. My first, and last, bad boy." She picked at the roll, tearing it into gooey strips. "He was everything I always thought I wanted. Dark and edgy danger. He excited me in ways none of the nice guys growing up ever could.

"I was so naive. He convinced me sex was more fun if there was a danger of getting caught." She shrugged. "Who was I to argue? He made it sound so fun."

"Until it wasn't fun anymore?"

"Yeah. He wouldn't even kiss me if there wasn't the chance someone would see us. Every time we'd have sex he'd find someplace a little more daring and public than the last. The danger of getting caught became an obsession. He wanted to see what other boundaries he could push."

Wherever she was going with her story, Burton was already shocked she hadn't turned away from him in Hearth and Home. She'd probably taken one look at him and decided he was like her ex, yet she'd helped him.

"He became careless and then mean. He had me dressing the way he wanted instead of how I liked. Even jeans and tank tops pissed him off because they weren't easy access. Before I knew it, he started getting off on trying to hurt me."

"Oh, Leigh." Pity slurred his voice while rage fisted his hand.

"We were at a club and he wanted to have sex on the dance floor." She didn't look up or respond to him or stop shredding her roll. "I'd known I needed to end things with him, but I was afraid and too stupid to ask for help. When I refused him he got rough. The more I fought, the hotter he got. And the meaner.

"He was about to rip my top off when I really started fighting back. That just turned him on more and enraged him to the point of hitting." She stared, unblinking, at the plate as she shook her head. "He hit me. I fought back. Another guy tried stepping in. I became the rope in their tug of war. Several bruises and a busted lip and a black eye later there were four guys standing between us.

"They took me to the emergency room, encouraged me to talk to the cops, and then they stood by while I told the cops everything. After that... Well, I failed to see the appeal of public sex, or anything that could tempt a man."

"So you began dressing ultra conservatively and putting your hair in a bun."

"It was either a bun or cut it off. Long, flowing hair is easier to grab and use as a weapon."

Burton turned on his stool so he faced Leigh. Reaching over, he put his hands on her knees and turned her so she faced him with her legs between his. Like he had the night on his bed when she'd suggested opening the blinds, he placed a finger under her chin and encouraged her to look at him.

The raw pain of her memories shot from her gaze and lasered into him. He wanted to travel back in time and find her ex. He wanted to be one of the men who'd stood up for her and helped her break the pattern. He wanted to erase the agony from her past so she only knew happiness.

"You know I'll never hurt you, right?"

"I do." She smiled a tiny smile he wasn't sure she felt. "You're a sweet guy."

"I meant it when I said I was just as happy to have you behind the privacy of closed doors and blinds." Knowing her story made him happier to have kept the blinds closed.

"I think I'm beginning to get that." Her smile was a little bigger this time. "But thank you for saying it again."

She'd stepped so far out of her comfort zone the night she'd allowed her friends to talk her into coming to him. With as fast as her brain was always working she'd no doubt considered every possibility and weighed the risks. And then she'd decided he was worth it. He would make sure she never regretted a moment with him.

Leaning forward, he kissed her. He started easy and gentle before slowly easing her deeper and deeper into passion. She opened for him, hummed deep in her throat like she did when she got really turned on. With each exhale she released more of the weight of her past until the woman before him felt light and happy when he pulled her off her barstool and hugged her close.

She'd be malleable to the idea of sex if he asked. The moment better suited tenderness and companionship. "Thank you for trusting me, Leigh."

She settled her head on his chest with a sigh. "Thanks for being worth it."

They'd shared a lot of intimacies in the last several weeks, but nothing had affected him as starkly as this moment. His mother had raised him to value women, to cherish them. He'd never met a woman he cherished more or who'd given him a better gift than what Leigh had just handed him.

"Burton's a god with a hammer and paint," Misty stated as she pulled knickknacks from boxes and sat them around her home office. A giant bay window with floor-to-ceiling glass graced the west wall. The angled wall panels opened and would allow the ocean breeze to carry in the scent of Misty's garden when she got it planted and her flowers bloomed.

Deep purple Roman shades could let the light flow or be lowered to block it. The walls were painted the palest cream on top. Below a glossy white chair rail pale purple stripes, alternately glossy and flat, made the boldness of the shades pop. The color suited Misty perfectly and was accented in the knickknacks she was unpacking. It was stunning perfection.

"I'd thank him with a kiss for this office if I thought Jace wouldn't kick his ass after."

"He's nothing like what I'd have expected." Leigh smiled as she thought about the man she was growing to care for more and more. He'd made opening up safe and proven the he didn't need risks for sex to be an adventure. "And I think he'd be an even match for Jace."

"You love him."

"No." Yes. Her instinct for privacy made the denial instant. Her inner voice, though, refused to lie. Somewhere between bowling balls and cinnamon rolls she'd started falling in love.

Misty turned, hugging a potted plant to her stomach. "You can't sit there with a silly grin on your face and your eyes all soft and moony and expect me to believe you don't love him."

"He's a great guy. I'm having a good time with him."

Misty narrowed her eyes and sat the plant on the desk. "You told him. Everything."

Leigh ducked her head, trying to hide. She hated thinking about the past and Derek. She especially hated talking about them. To do it twice in one day...

"Look at me." Misty knelt in front of her to make sure she had Leigh's gaze. She'd always been hard to avoid when she set her mind to something.

Leigh really wanted to hide. Burton had allowed it, but Misty wouldn't.

"I'm not asking you to talk about Derek." She took Leigh's hands in hers. "I'm asking you to admit your feelings for Burton."

"I like him. A lot."

"You trust him. You know he won't ask you to be someone you aren't."

"So?"

"Trust me, that's a big deal. And it proves he's nothing like Derek." The only reason Misty knew about her past was because she'd been in the club that night. She'd been the kind of outrageous girl people would have expected to be with someone like Derek. Instead she had sent the guys to the hospital with Leigh.

"So, you don't date or stay overnight with men you barely know. You would never have given in to us that night and gone to Burton's unless something had already happened." Misty shifted so their eyes met. "Unless he'd already done something to show you could trust him."

"Fine." A shrug was the best response she could muster, but even as she lifted her shoulder she knew it was a useless attempt at denying Misty. "You know how Jace says you gave him his family back?"

Misty smiled. "Yeah."

"I guess I feel like Burton could be mine. How do you tell a man that and have him not run away, though? Especially a man who's had one marriage combust."

"If he's the right man, you don't have to worry about it." Misty patted Leigh's knee. "If you'd have ended up with someone like Jace I think you'd have a right to worry. He's too damaged for someone sweet like you."

"But Burton isn't?"

"Hell no." Misty laughed. "For you and me, the only man that could ever be good enough is our opposite. You needed a nice guy. I needed a bad boy."

"Jace isn't as bad as he wants people to believe."

"He's got just the right amount of edge." Misty chuckled as she went back to placing her knickknacks. "Though he still suggests long skirts and flowy shirts every chance he gets, he's learned to accept that I'm not going to change what I wear to suit him. It helps that he knows I'm coming home to him every night."

"Do you ever worry he'll get bored with you?"

"No, and Burton won't get tired of you."

"How do you know? How do you know he won't change his mind about me?"

"I've watched how he looks at you. Maybe he hasn't said it yet, but that man loves you."

Leigh wanted to believe Misty. She yearned to believe Burton would always be happy with her. She ached with the need to know with certainty she was enough to keep him satisfied.

As great as he was, and as great as they were together, she lacked the confidence to accept Misty might be right.

Chapter Eleven

Hearth and Home was buzzing when Leigh walked through the front doors with her clients. They'd spent the day shopping, having a blast with the barcode readers as they picked out things they needed for their new home as well as little things that would add the final touches.

Kelly, the bride, came from a giant Greek family with a lot of money. The only daughter in a family with five sons, she was the princess used to getting her way. She had a gentle heart, but she wanted for nothing.

The groom, Jonathan, came from a large but more modest family. His parents had both worked multiple jobs almost his whole life to make sure he and his brothers had the things they needed. He'd gotten his first job when he was fifteen and put himself through college on academic scholarships.

The couple shared a warmth that needed to be reflected in the home Kelly's parents bought for them. It was a giant place with grandeur in every fixture, so outfitting it with the warmth of the couple while keeping the varying guest budgets in mind was turning out to be trickier than she'd expected.

They'd nailed down the formal and informal living and dining areas. They were hoping to finish off the bathrooms, bedrooms and kitchen at Hearth and Home.

"I really think you'll like how this place has rooms set up to show you how things go together." Leigh pulled out her tablet and pulled up her list to make sure they didn't miss anything on their must-have list. "We can even have staff rearrange stuff to show you other options."

"This is great!" Kelly exclaimed. Everything all day had been said with excitement. It seemed to be the only tone she had. Fortunately she was as sweet as she was perky so she wasn't too annoying.

"Our guests are going to hate us."

"They won't, Jonathan." Leigh tried to reassure him again. "Hearth and Home has stuff in every price range."

It was a routine they'd fallen into throughout the day. Kelly exclaimed and fell in love with everything. Jonathan worried about the price tag and the strain it would put on the friends with the lower budgets. Leigh assured him they would have a well-balanced registry with items everyone could afford.

He exhaled like he had all day. Kelly had explained it was his way of trying to stop himself from worrying, but nothing would ever calm him totally.

"Kelly says all invited guests are required to buy a gift."

Jonathan's concerns were sort of endearing. "That depends on which wedding etiquette book you read. People are generally smart enough to buy in their budgets, though."

"You guys have said you have next to nothing for the kitchen." Looking to start them off small, Leigh led them to the kitchen area. "This is a great place to find things that suit you but are in all the price ranges. You'll find your day-to-day silverware and glasses, towels, pot holders, etcetera as well as the higher-end china and entertainment platters."

She handed Jonathan the gun, thinking he'd feel better if he was pulling the trigger on the lower-priced items. "As you can see, they have everything sorted by color. Since you're going primarily with blue, why don't you start there."

Kelly did as she had all day. She took Jonathan's hand and led him toward the shelves while Leigh stepped back. She stayed close enough to mark off their list as they went through things, but far enough away they felt they were alone in their decisions.

As she'd predicted, Jonathan found several inexpensive items to register for and Kelly was perfectly happy with every decision he made. She did have a louder opinion when it came to the formal china and silver.

They worked their way through the kitchen and bedrooms before heading toward the bathrooms. An odd buzz of anticipation trickled through Leigh, heating her blood. She hadn't been back to Hearth and Home since meeting Burton, and though she knew he was finished working there a perverse part of her wanted to find him handcuffed to a toilet.

"Are you blushing?" Kelly asked as they moved nearer the wall of clocks.

"No." Leigh sounded almost as hyper as Kelly. "No," she said more quietly. "I was just thinking."

"About a man?"

"Yes." She shrugged, trying to play it down. "I met a man here a couple months ago." Had it really been months? It seemed like yesterday now that she was where they'd met. "He was unexpected."

"You gotta watch out for those unexpected meetings." Jonathan slipped an arm around Kelly's shoulder and squeezed her close. "They have a way of surprising you."

"I've heard that." Leigh shut down their sidebar and moved their attention back to the registry.

"Listen, the store's going to close soon." They were in one of the sample bathrooms, rearranging the toothbrush holders, soap dishes and towels. "We should wrap this up."

Kelly stopped moving things around and made a decision on which items to register for. Leigh crossed the last of their items off the list and slipped her tablet into her bag.

"Excuse me." A masculine voice called quietly from across the partial wall. It wasn't any voice though. It was Burton's and it had their first meeting snapping into Leigh's mind. Her stomach flip-flopped. "I seem to be in a bit of a...bind."

"Burton?" Leigh called over the wall.

"Hi, Leigh." He said in response. "Could I get your help? Maybe you could bring a kabob skewer."

Her heart kicked and she was smiling as she excused herself from Kelly and Jonathan and walked around to the other bathroom. Her legs shook more violently with each step. There, sitting on the floor where she'd first seen him, was Burton. Unlike the first time, he had clothes on. Like the first time, he seemed to be cuffed to the toilet.

She was torn between laughter and the desire to scold him. Her question came out as a little of both. "What have you done?"

"There's a perfect explanation." He grinned as he shook his hands a little, rattling the cuffs against the pipe. "I don't suppose you grabbed a skewer?"

"You want me to use it on you this time?" She popped a hand on her hip and narrowed her eyes. The way he was grinning, she knew he was playing some game. Since he was doing it when there were still customers around she also knew it wasn't sex related. "What are you up to?"

"I'm asking a beautiful woman for help."

"Burton." If she was reading him wrong, if he was asking her to play some crazy, exhibitionist game, asking her to play out a fantasy... No. He'd never be so bold in an open store. He understood her better than that.

"Come on, Leigh." He winked. "I could use a hand down here. The key is hard to reach."

"You did this to yourself? What is wrong with you?" Shaking her head, she sat her things on the floor and moved forward. "What explanation could you possibly have this time?

"I can't believe you're doing this." She was getting onto a roll as she reached beneath the toilet for his hands. "You've cuffed yourself to the toilet in a busy store during open hours." In a flash, she found her wrists cuffed together and he was pulling back to freedom.

"Leigh," Jonathan spoke from behind her. "What's going on? Are you okay?"

"Burton." Her heart pounded like she'd just run all out for several miles with demons chasing her. "I'm working," she whispered. "If you're here to get your ass kicked you won't be disappointed."

"She's fine." Burton spoke over her head and then smiled at her. "Tell him you're fine, Leigh."

Jonathan stepped away from Kelly and moved in with determination on his face. If he thought to protect her from Burton, he was sweet, but Burton would win. "It's fine, Jonathan."

Grinning triumphantly, Burton moved to Leigh's side and knelt. His smile never wavered. Kelly and Jonathan watched them with interest. Leigh's cheeks burned with humiliation and anger.

"I wanted to make sure you were a captive audience."

"I'm here with clients."

"I know. They're part of why I didn't actually cuff you to the toilet." He took her elbow in a hand and pulled her hands out from below the toilet. "The other part is because I knew you'd hate me for it."

"Yeah, no way this is going to upset me." She held her hands up with the cuffs jangling around her wrists. She glared up at him.

"This is the unexpected man." Kelly practically bounced in her shoes. "He wants to relive that first meeting." The woman covered her heart with her hand and sighed dramatically. "That's so romantic."

More like irritating. "Uncuff me."

"Not yet." He shook his head and helped her up to sit on the commode. He knelt before her.

"Burton? Uncuff me."

He shook his head. "I've been thinking. About you. Us. And I've come to a decision."

"Awwww." Kelly cooed.

"Come on, Kelly." Jonathan pulled at his fiancee. "Let's give them some privacy."

Privacy. Such a great concept, and if Jonathan managed to get Kelly away Leigh would give them a discount on her services as a thank you gift.

"But I want to know what happens?"

"You can call her later. Thank you for the help today, Leigh." Jonathan pulled Kelly away before she could argue.

Finally alone, except for the employees going through their closing duties, Leigh found herself relaxing a little.

Burton brushed his thumb over her knuckles and held up a key. "You have the power to release yourself. You only have to ask." He released the cuff on her right wrist and then handed her the key.

"I'm hoping instead of an escape you'll choose to stay cuffed. To me. For life."

Her heart hammered her ribs. Her breath backed up in her lungs.

"Burton." The strength had left her voice so his name came out as a weakened whisper.

"From the moment we met at this toilet you've captivated me. Holding out against your charm has been impossible." He placed a hand on her thigh and flexed his fingers lightly. "I love you, Leigh."

Laughter came from nearby as the staff moved about their job. A few of them sounded really close. "Burton."

"Marry me, Leigh. Say you'll spend your life with me and I guarantee there will be no more handcuffs in bathrooms."

She opened her mouth, but nothing would come out. Whatever she wanted to say she couldn't push the answer out. She wanted to. She really wanted to answer him; he deserved it. She just couldn't say what was in her heart with an audience.

He wasn't asking for sex in public. No, what he was asking for, a simple yes or no, was much more intimate.

Again, Leigh opened her mouth to speak and again nothing came out. She wasn't always chatty, but she was never at a loss for words. Burton widened his eyes in what had to be a silent plea. She answered with the same wide-eyed look, begging him to understand.

Her conservative clothes had started as a defense after Derek. Over time the preference for privacy had become the norm and Burton was pushing her out of her comfort zone. She struggled when he kissed her in front of her friends. This was torment.

"I shouldn't have done this here," he whispered. Getting to his feet, pulling her to hers, he stepped back. "I'm sorry."

"You asked me once if I'd figured out what I was missing in life."

His hand holding hers and the intensity of his gaze pierced her heart.

"I was missing you, Leigh. I don't want to miss a moment more."

He was laying himself bare at her feet, risking himself when he'd been as badly burned as her, and she was causing him pain. Everything he'd said and done since she met him had made her feel safe and secure and cherished. Hurting him, making him second-guess his decision to propose, was the last thing she wanted to do.

Tuning out thoughts of fear and comfort zones, Leigh focused on the man she'd fallen in love with. Getting lost in his gaze, seeing the time they'd spent together and the fun they could still have, she lifted the empty cuff and snapped it around his right wrist.

His mouth widened in a smile that stretched his cheeks. Questions lingered in his eyes, and she knew him well enough to know that while he wanted to take her gesture as a yes he was hesitant to believe it could be so easy.

"I've been lost since we went bowling." Leigh leaned forward and kissed Burton. "I'd love to spend my life with you."

With a jagged exhale, the tension tightening Burton's shoulders relaxed. His gaze cleared and reflected happiness. "You really know how to make a man suffer."

"Sorry. You caught me off guard." His laughter filled her until she was laughing too. "I've wanted to hear you say you loved me since my second visit to your house. Hearing you... I was stunned."

"I almost didn't ask you here, but it seemed right."

"It's right as long as you don't ask to seal the deal here." She kissed him again, not caring if anyone came around the corner and saw them. "I trust you more than I ever thought I could trust a man again."

"So you trust that I really am perfectly happy behind closed doors? That I always will be?"

"I do."

"Then move in with me. Help me make my house our home."

Home. It was something she'd always dreamed of. He was the kind of man she'd dreamed of.

"I can't be in the house without thinking of you, Leigh. When you leave, the place feels empty. Because of you I've lost the desire to sell."

"You want to put down roots and keep the house?"

"If it suits you, yes." He linked the fingers of their cuffed hands.

"It suits me." She kissed the corner of his mouth and found herself wishing the store were closed so she didn't have to wait to have sex with him. "You suit me." She kissed the other corner of his mouth. "I don't want to miss another moment with you, either."

"So you'll marry me?"

"Yes."

His grin, already wider than she'd seen before, spread wider. "I love you, and I'm going to spend the rest of my life showing you how much you suit me." Burton pulled her closer and swept her into his arms. "In our own house."

