One

Rubi Russo whipped her brand-new Aston Martin onto the set of the new Bond film and into a parking spot reserved for the film crew. Even though Los Angeles traffic kept her from pushing the legendary sports coupe anywhere near its top speed of two-fifty-one, she'd enjoyed her first ride off the showroom floor.

She shut off the engine and grabbed her purse from the passenger's seat. Through the window, her gaze halted on the charcoal four-wheel-drive Ford F150 parked nearby, and her mind veered toward its owner. He'd become a permanent fixture in her mind-those wide shoulders, that lazy stance, his cocky grin.

A giddy, tingling lust tightened her insides. Eye candy always enhanced a girl's mood, and there was no better place to grab a little sugar than among the studs of Renegades. But she'd come to prefer the company of one stud in particular.

She smiled down at the collection of notes she kept in the ashtray-ones he'd started leaving on the windshield of her car at different times of the day, almost every day, for the last two months. Because they always made her smile, she'd transferred them from the Ferrari when she'd traded it in. Sometimes the note of the day was a cartoon or a joke. Often it was some funny reference to physics, something they talked about regularly since she'd started designing a series of stunt apps for the Renegades.

Today's had read:

I'M AMPING THE PUCKER FACTOR TODAY.

YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS THIS THRILL RIDE.

Which had been the first she'd heard of a stunt running today. Confirmation of a stunt had come from the owner of the Renegades in a phone call later that morning.

She grabbed her phone and notebook and stood from the car, turning her face up to the midday Southern California sun. Warmth bathed her skin, draining some of the morning's tension from her shoulders. It felt good to be out of the house, away from all that computer code, like a real person with real friends. Which was one of the major benefits of creating these apps for Jax-she got to hang with this dynamic group of adrenaline junkies.

Of course, it didn't hurt that she and Jax had agreed that in exchange for building the applications for use on devices such as iPads and iPhones, she would be free to sell them, as she did her other apps and programs. The power she planned to incorporate into these apps with detailed physics calculations and mathematical equations for every aspect of every type of stunt, no other apps out there could even compare. She'd make a decent chunk of change once she put them out on the open market.

The rumble of a motorcycle engine drew her attention down the long strip of concrete known as the Sixth Street Viaduct. The man-made cement canal guided the Los Angeles River through the heart of the city, but was now cluttered with all sorts of machinery, cameras and props.

She started toward the action, smoothing her hands over the filmy skirt that rode too high on her freakishly long legs. Tried to tug at her halter's bottom edge exposing a bare inch of skin, but ultimately couldn't hide the diamond stud at her belly button without exaggerating her cle**age. Oh well.

Finger-combing her hair off her forehead, she sauntered toward a group of tall, well-built men loitering near one of the cameras. She spotted Jax Chamberlin, the owner of Renegades and her best friend's new love, gesturing as he spoke to Daniel Craig's costar on the film, Jason Bolton, and the director. A couple of younger men Rubi knew as production assistants hung at the edge.

She passed one of the site's security guards, who grinned and saluted. Rubi returned the gesture.

She approached the set and focused on Wes Lawson, Renegades' top stunt driver, where he straddled a cherry-red Ducati-one of the world's fastest motorcycles. There was no outward sign the man covered in black from helmet to boot tips was him. It could have been any of the other Renegades' stunt men who rode motorcycles, which was, of course, all of them. But what gave Wes away completely-beyond the studly build she'd memorized-was his impatience. He navigated a slow, tight pattern around the group, like a circling shark. Occasionally, he revved the engine, smothering their conversation with the bike's growl.

He maneuvered dangerously close to Jax on each pass, the action surely designed to either annoy Jax or hurry him up. Maybe both. Rubi grinned at his antsy behavior-ever the kid who couldn't wait to reach the playground. Every last one of the Renegades she'd met was a kid at heart. A smart-ass, feisty, too-sharp-for-his-own-good kid inside a hot man's body. But Wes was the most mischievous, most daring and, by far, the sexiest of them all.

The click of Rubi's heels drew the director's attention. The rest of the men followed his glance-all with the same stupefied expressions. All except Jax.

"What the f**k are you wearing?" His voice tilted toward resigned frustration, one Jax often used with Wes. "You can't come out here dressed like...like..." One hand lifted, gesturing the length of her body. "Like...that. Guys are working here, Rubi. I can't have them off in p**n fantasy land while they're running stunts."

He swung one hand toward a pile of crumpled cars down the length of the viaduct, burned out and still smoking, huddled in a haphazard heap as if they'd recently crashed.

She stopped several yards away, crossed her arms, and smiled indulgently. "I'll take that as a compliment, Jaxy-boy." The irritated press of his lips made her grin. He hated the nickname she'd given him. "I'm taking your girl to lunch today, remember? And you didn't tell me you were running a stunt or that I'd need to be here to watch? So I made other plans this morning-and dressed accordingly."

She'd been negotiating a sale price for the Aston when he'd called, and estimated the outfit had saved her at least five grand.

The Ducati revved, and Wes shot the bike between the group and Rubi. She pulled up short with a gasp. Heat from the bike whooshed over her body.

The helmet hid his mouth, but those deep gray-blue eyes crinkled at the corners with his smile.

"Don't listen to him." His deep voice was muffled behind the gear. "You look perfect. And you're just in time. We're going to run the real thing."

That giddy electricity in her belly intensified. She lifted her sunglasses to the top of her head and worked up her easy, sexy grin. "Wes, if you run over Jax's toes, he's going to take away that pretty toy between your legs."

He laughed, his head falling back. The sound was so rich, so damn happy it trilled through Rubi, leaving her body a sizzling mess of carbonation. Then he released the Ducati's handles, letting the bike idle while he pulled off his helmet.

His hair fell all over the place as it came free. Light gold on top, wheat-colored underneath, it gleamed in the sunshine. Static electricity from the helmet's padding grabbed a few strands and pulled them into the air.

Rubi reached up to finger them back into place. Only when the soft, warm, sweat-dampened strands slipped between her fingers did she realize the misstep. A wicked craving kicked deep in her body. Delicious, languid desire tightened her throat.

And, shit, she'd floated over that damn no-touching line again-a line he had a way of making her forget all about.

She told herself to pull her hand back, but it had been such a long time since she'd done something as simple as touch a man's hair. Okay, maybe not that long. Maybe it had been a long time since she'd touched a man's hair with a purpose other than fisting it during sex.

An image of her hands fisted in Wes's hair, his hands and mouth pleasuring her body, flashed in her mind. Heat exploded at her core and spread. Quick. So damn quick, she almost didn't catch herself from a headlong fall straight into him. Her gaze lowered to his mouth, those lush, masculine lips she wanted to taste. To know.

He propped the helmet between his legs and leaned forward. The teasing heat in those smoky eyes had deepened. "Trying to distract me? 'Cause it's working."

"Not really. But as long as I'm here..."

He let his gaze skim down her body again with an I-gotta-have-every-inch-of-that-now-or-I'm-gonna-chew-my-arm-off groan. "As long as you're here..."

"Wes," Jax called as he walked toward another camera, "we're going again in five."

"I'm so ready," Wes said without taking his eyes off Rubi. He definitely wasn't talking about the stunt, and his voice sounded as decadent, sinful as dark chocolate.

She lowered her gaze to ease the unsettling current growing between them. His body armor, tucked into pockets of the neoprene, covered his most vulnerable areas-shoulders, elbows, chest, hips, package... A very nice package she'd noticed on more than one occasion.

The thought forced her gaze back to his square jaw dusted with golden stubble, then higher. Avoiding those stormy gray eyes, she inspected his new haircut, shorter on the sides, longer on top.

"I like the cut," she said, holding back from another suggestive comment.

Wes didn't show such restraint. "Feel free to sink your hands in anytime."

She pretended the words didn't vibrate in her belly. "Did you go to Sterling Shears?"

"And saw Julie, just like you suggested."

"I knew she'd do you right."

His grin heated, eyes sparked. "I'd rather you did me right."

The low vibration of his voice made her tingle everywhere. And he just kept smiling into her eyes, as if he really saw her. Saw beneath her looks, her attitude, all her smoke and mirrors. Her throat tightened.

She'd been operating under the one-night-stand-only guideline for years, and that safety net worked for her. But she didn't throw friends into the pool of possible sex partners. She only had to remember the hearts she'd damaged to remind herself she either did friendship or sex-not both. Never both.

Narrowing her eyes, she met his gaze again. "You're extra playful today."

He leaned forward, still braced on the helmet, bringing him closer. So close the outer gray-blue ring of his irises contrasted with the lighter center and his spiky golden lashes. "Have dinner with me tonight. Just us. No Jax. No Lexi." He paused, and Rubi felt the grip of his intent stare at the center of her chest. "You and me, Rubi."

His mouth was saying dinner. But his eyes were saying the best, eye-crossing, beg-for-mercy sex of your life.

And her body screamed yes with a flare of dizzying heat. But equally dizzying apprehension raised a wall that cooled her down. "Where's this coming from?" She crossed her arms. "You know I'm not into the dating scene."

Vulnerability hinted in his eyes and tugged at Rubi's heart. "Then don't call it a date. I'd just like to get you alone."

Alone.

Oh dear God.

The battle of the Titans warred inside her, and she had to look away to find the strength to do the right thing. She sucked at letting guys down easy. She wasn't one of his typical nice girls, but she wasn't the type to use friends either.

"No, Wes, that's not my game. And I like what we have." Rubi forced her mouth into a smile, slipping into the flighty, careless cover she'd perfected. "Get to work, Lawson. I've got information to gather, and a lunch date with Lexi."

"Rubi-"

"I'll be watching, taking notes, putting it all together for those apps you can't wait to get your hands on." She turned toward the camera where Jax bullshitted with the crew, and shot Wes one last grin over her shoulder. "Remember-no major injuries."

Wes leaned forward, revved the Ducati, and shot toward the bridge, pushing the bike to ridiculous speeds just to burn out this new streak of frustration.

Between the sun, the suit, and running the stunt three times already, he was sweating from every pore. That all would have been manageable if Rubi hadn't shown up looking like a goddamn Penthouse centerfold. Now his c**k rubbed in all the wrong places.

He was done with this all-flirtation-no-action shit. They'd been building up to this for two months. Yeah, it had taken him a while to realize she was exactly the kind of woman he should have been dating for years. And, yeah, he'd been easing closer to her because he also knew she was skittish about dating one guy. But he either had to get her into bed or out of his head.

And both had about the same chance of happening-nil.

He'd pulled every trick, every tactic in his arsenal to tug Rubi over the friendship-only threshold she'd created between them, but she wouldn't budge. He knew she wanted to cross over. He saw it in her eyes when she looked at him. Heard it in her voice in those rare private moments when they found themselves out of earshot of Jax and Lexi.

And he was no quitter. He wouldn't give up on her without one hell of a battle of wills. Which meant it looked like he had a real challenge on his hands, because no one challenged him like Rubi.

Slowing the bike, he circled back to face the wreckage, pausing beneath the shadow of the condemned bridge for some heat relief. He dropped one foot to the cement and reached up to wipe sweat from his eyes through the opening in his helmet. When he glanced toward Jax and the crew, he found Rubi standing nearby. She had an ear bent toward Troy, one of Wes's fellow Renegades, and her gaze on the pile of metal Wes planned to annihilate.

If Troy was flirting with her again, it was subtle. His hands gestured as he described the upcoming stunt so Rubi could get all the information she needed to program the apps she was developing for Jax. Her pen moved quickly over the page as she noted Troy's information.

Wes's mind flipped back to the way she'd laughed at something he'd said the night before. She'd been sitting next to him at dinner with Lexi and Jax, leaning forward, elbows on the table, chin in one hand, twirling her drink with a straw. But those gorgeous green eyes had been on his, twinkling with happiness. Her smile had been wide and breathtaking. Her light-cocoa cheeks blushed with color.

Fierce want gripped his entire body-the same desire he'd suffered last night-and he groaned.

As if she'd heard him, Rubi glanced up from her notepad. With her sunglasses still on the top of her head, those light eyes were piercing. Her gaze remained directly on him even as Troy continued to talk, and he felt the sexual tension as if they were connected by a wire of electricity.

Frustration spiked, and he revved the bike. "Come on, dude," he said to Jax through the headset feed. "Wait too much longer and we're going to have to realign the shot to kill shadows."

"Hold your dick on." Jax's voice pierced Wes's ear. "I'm putting three more cameras on this take. It's not like we can run it a dozen more times."

He rolled the bike back and forth in a restless sway as he watched the key grip-a guy who handled camera placement-run between cameramen. The best boy, a kid who taped down all the electrical wires, worked frantically in the key grip's wake.

Waiting was one of his least favorite pastimes. Plus, today, every moment of downtime allowed his mind to drift toward his brother, which Wes had been trying to avoid by staying busy, dammit. And, just like every other time his mind had lolled toward Wyatt, his stomach balled into a fist. He'd be out of surgery by now. At least that was Wes's hope. He hadn't had a chance to call his mother for a few hours now.

"Okay." Jax's voice sounded in Wes's ear. "We're set to go."

"Finally."

The familiar flutter of anxiety that came with every stunt-stronger for some than others-stung his breastbone. Down the stretch of concrete, all but two members of the crew cleared the area. The remaining members tossed lighter fluid on the crashed vehicles, and the fumes flooded his nose even this far away. He didn't like Rubi so close to that shit.

"Jax," he said. "Can't Rubi watch from inside? The fumes are choking me all the way down here."

"Copy." Jax turned from one of the cameras and spoke to Rubi. She shook her head, and Jax returned with, "She says she's fine. You good?"

He should have known she'd do whatever she damn well wanted. But he reminded himself he didn't have to like her stubbornness to admire it. "Yeah, good."

Extinguishers filled with foam fire retardant passed through the staff clustered off to the side. They would run out and smother the flames poststunt. If this didn't take on the first round, it would be a royal bitch and a time suck to set up again.

He glanced toward Jax, but his gaze halted on Rubi. He got that delicious pinch low in his gut again, and instead of envisioning the death-defying act he was about to perform, Wes's mind filled with the little burst of warmth in Rubi's eyes when she'd laughed at his helmet head. The glimmer of her perfect teeth when she'd reached up and tried to straighten it out. The feel of her touching him. Yeah, she wanted him. Now, he just had to convince her of that.

He wiped sweat from his eyes one more time before dropping the Plexiglas on his helmet. God, he wanted out of this getup.

A scorching whoosh sounded as the cars went up in flames, dragging Wes's mind back. His body responded with a sympathetic burst of heat as fire licked the air. That was exactly what he felt like every time Rubi got within ten feet.

A different member of the crew ran into the center of the concrete near the inferno, a slate in his hands to mark the scene and take.

"Ready," Jax said in Wes's ear, "Set..." At Jax's pause, Wes revved the bike. "Action."

The snap of the slate ricocheted off the concrete surroundings. Wes focused on the stunt, the placement, the timing, and lifted his foot as he shot forward.

"Angle a little east," Jax said, watching how things looked from one of the cameras. "Yeah, good. Three. Two. One. Hit it."

Wes shut down all outside thought. His frustration with Rubi, his concern over Wyatt dissipated like vapor, and a familiar, consuming cohesiveness with the universe filled him-brain and body. One making him intensely aware of the road, the air, his body, the laws of physics. The connection made him feel so alive, he vibrated with excitement.

He gunned the bike and shifted his weight backward. The front tire popped into a wheelie, and he kept just enough of his weight off the back end to allow the rear tire to spin against the slippery concrete. Vibrations rocketed through his body. Adrenaline flooded his veins. Acrid smoke spilled off the tire and enveloped him, filling his head with the scent of burning rubber-an instant high. Even after decades of racing and thousands of rides, this shit electrified him every damn time.

With another shift of his weight and a jolt of fuel, Wes accelerated. He lowered his upper body until his chest rested on the fuel tank, until his view of the wreckage was framed in the handlebars, then kicked the bike into high gear. The engine screamed, echoing off the concrete and rattling Wes's brain. Every cell in his body exploded with life.

"Three... Two... One..." Jax said again, far too soon for Wes. He needed a good long ride-in a couple of different ways. But this was business. "Now."

Wes slammed the front brakes and threw his weight forward. The bike's rear tire bucked into the air. With nothing but balance, brake pressure, and physical strength, Wes managed to keep his face off the concrete.

He controlled the bike's endo for two hundred feet, then clamped down on the brakes and threw his weight again. Bullying the bike to mesh with the laws of physics, Wes spun the opposite direction. He dropped his ass to the seat and the bike's back end to the ground. Then gunned the machine directly toward the metal inferno.

Hot damn. He'd nailed those moves. This take would scream on screen.

"Start your slide," Jax said.

Wes leaned the bike toward the ground, guiding the Ducati into a sideways suicide.

"Three... Two... One..."

Jax paused a beat and the pressure of the concrete burned across Wes's hip, then his thigh...

"Drop it."

He gunned the gas and jerked his lower leg from between the concrete and the bike.

But his boot caught.

Ah f**k.

A flash of fear seared his spine. He gritted his teeth and yanked at his foot.

His leg popped loose. He released the handles. The bike speared toward the flames.

But the unexpected pull of his foot had altered the trajectory. Instantaneous thoughts pinged through his mind.

The bike would hit dead center. The crash would be bigger. The spread of debris wider.

Wes hit the concrete, and all thought vanished.

He bounced. Tucked. Rolled.

Two

One of Rubi's hands fused around her phone, the other around her notebook. She watched, frozen, helpless, as Wes tumbled end over end, his body bouncing with each hit against the concrete.

Over. And over. And f**king over.

Beside her, Jax swore and grew two inches as his easy stance tightened.

Rubi's heart slammed against her ribs. "Jax?"

"Not good." One of the cameramen moved out from behind his equipment and took one giant step forward.

Jax smacked a hand against his chest. "Wait."

The word was barely out of Jax's mouth when the Ducati slammed into the fiery pile of cars. Debris exploded into the air. A shocked scream popped out of Rubi's throat. She stepped backward-more out of surprise than force. Fear zinged through her blood like CO2. Her muscles jerked as fiery pieces of metal rained down around Wes.

Panic streaked through her, chest to belly, in electric jolts. "Oh God." Rubi dropped her notebook and started forward. "Wes."

Jax caught her arm. "He's okay."

He and three other men stood ready to run-their gazes watching the sky as the fiery debris continued to pummel Wes. The thick scent of smoke and chemicals snaked into Rubi's throat, filled her head.

She burned from the inside out. "Do something, Jax."

On the floor of the viaduct, Wes curled into a ball and shielded his already-helmet-covered head. After the last piece of flaming metal hit the concrete, Jax released Rubi's arm and sprinted toward Wes. All the staff followed, abandoning equipment and pulling out telephones. Others did the same-all from different directions, converging on Wes where he lay on his side.

Jax reached him first. Dropping to his knees, he leaned over Wes, his mouth moving as he spoke. A second later, they were both hidden behind a mass of people, and Rubi couldn't breathe. Couldn't move.

Oh, f**k.

Her whole body swam with terror. Her mind juggled fears.

He's okay. He's fine.

She swore she repeated the mantra in her head for excruciating minutes before the cluster of observers parted and Wes sat up. But it had to have been seconds, not minutes, because Rubi still hadn't breathed...and she hadn't passed out. Now, the air hissed out of her lungs through a tight throat, and the hammering of her heart seemed so much harder. So much faster. So much louder.

Jax helped Wes pull off his helmet, and all that blond hair caught the sun. But only when Wes turned to Jax with a gleaming grin did Rubi's stomach finally untwist.

He said something that made everyone hovering howl with laughter.

Rubi didn't find this amusing. But relief uncoiled in her chest, creating a painful ache. She closed her eyes and pressed a hand to the discomfort. "Oh my God."

She crouched to pick up her notebook but stayed there a moment when her head went light. Residual fear choked her while her senses came back online-the smell of chemicals and smoke, the sound of machinery and voices. That had been too close. Too damned close.

Pushing slowly to her feet so she didn't topple, Rubi turned, and walked toward the trailer, shaken. She'd watched dozens of stunts over the last month while visiting the set to gather information for these apps. All their stunts were insane. All dangerous. But that...

She'd been fine until the bike tilted sideways. Until Wes had been sliding along the concrete at God only knew what speed. Looked like two hundred f**king miles an hour to her. She might even have continued to be okay if he hadn't simply thrown himself to the ground. Now, she felt unhinged. Confused over the distress. Terrorized over the fear of something happening to him.

She jogged the trailer's steps and entered the old piece of shit the guys dragged around with them from jobsite to jobsite. Thanks to Lexi, the trailer was now a remodeled piece of shit. The new secretary, Rachel, a darling little brunette, glanced over the top of her cute tortoiseshell rims with a breezy, "Hey, Rubi."

Rubi's best friend, Lexi LaCroix, her long, blonde hair loose, hanging shiny and straight to the middle of her back, turned from the window with a worried frown wrinkling her perfectly smooth forehead. "Everything okay?"

"He made everyone laugh, as usual." Rubi shrugged, trying to pretend her heart had not just tried to jump into her throat, but the irritation in her voice didn't fit the facade. "I guess that means he's not dead."

She needed a few minutes and turned for the small bathroom at the rear of the trailer.

Rubi closed the bathroom's thin door, but Rachel's voice filtered in. "They're fine. They do this all day, every day. If you fuss, they get all pissy. Pffft. Men."

She ran the water, dipped her hands under the cool stream, and pressed them to her cheeks. Gripping the sink to hold herself up, Rubi looked in the mirror. Her eyes were dark with residual distress, her face drawn with tension.

She didn't like this at all. This worry. This fear. She wasn't made to weather this kind of emotional stress, which was why she lived the way she lived-with very few attachments. But Rachel was right. This was nothing. They did it every day. Had done it every day for years. These guys knew what they were doing. Which was why they were the best in the business.

These feelings were so hypocritical considering her own love of speed. Her own maniacal driving tendencies. Wes was trained. Wes had won championship after championship in international motorcycle races the likes of MotoGP and Isle of Man before entering the world of stunts. Wes was a professional. Rubi was just a rebel-breaking speed limits for the hell of it.

Alarm bells rang in her head. This stunt mishap shouldn't have disturbed her so deeply. If Troy or Keaton or Duke had been the Renegade bouncing along the viaduct, she'd have been worried. Maybe a touched panicked, but she wouldn't be unraveling at the seams like this, and that told her Wes wasn't the only one with emotions pushing the boundaries of their friendship.

The floor shook with footsteps, and the trailer filled with muffled male voices-laughing and chatting, bullshitting over the stunt.

"No, no, no." Rubi pushed off the sink and shook back her hair, shoving all the erratic feelings aside, then scolded herself in the mirror. "You're not falling for him, dumb shit. He is way out of your league. He doesn't do temporary, and you don't do permanent. Don't f**k up a good thing."

The lecture left a strange, painful hollow at the center of her belly, and she exited the bathroom, glad she and Lexi were having lunch together today. They hadn't gotten any girl time since Jax entered the picture, which, she realized, might be why these feelings, why this...deeper-than-normal friendship had developed between her and Wes.

Yes, a few hours with Lexi would set Rubi straight. That thought helped her pull it together. But only until she walked into the trailer's common area.

All the Renegades were back, shrinking the trailer to the size of a microchip. Rubi could have choked on the testosterone thickening the air. But she was distracted.

Wes stood at the center of the room, the neoprene suit pulled off his shoulders, hanging low on his hips. She stopped short and pressed an open hand over her heart for the second time in fifteen minutes.

Her fantasies hadn't come close to the real deal, standing only six feet away. His stormy gray-blue eyes shone with residual excitement from that crazy-ass stunt. With his hands planted at his hips, his muscled pecs and biceps glistened with sweat. The fine line of golden hair low on his abdomen disappeared between his belly button and the waistband of whatever he wore beneath the neoprene.

"Praise the gods of Olympus," she murmured, a little short of breath.

He was freaking carved.

And he had more ink than the tire treads circling his left bicep and the stylized checkered flag flowing down his right calf. He had something covering his right shoulder too. She narrowed her eyes at the image, taking in the detail, the definition of shadow, its sheer artistic beauty.

"Is that a Terminator tat?" she asked.

"Not exactly, but the same principle." Wes's gaze darted to his shoulder. "Like it?"

"What's a Terminator tat?" Lexi asked from where she stood behind Wes, fitting some type of harness to his hips.

These men had more toys and rigging and gear than God.

"It's a 3-D rendition," Troy said from where he'd sprawled his big body on a lounge chair. "A cutaway view of the skin and what's beneath. But his isn't a real Terminator tat."

"Watch it, dude," Wes said. "It's nicer than the one you've got on your ass."

"It's not on my ass, dumb shit. It's on my hip. And it's way better than yours." He pushed to his feet and brought his hands to the button of his jeans. "Let's let the ladies decide."

"Troy." Jax's voice boomed up the steps and into the trailer. "Keep your goddamned pants on for a change."

"Hey," Rachel yelled back. "Mind your own business out there. I want to see."

Keaton and Duke burst out laughing. Wes chuckled. Rubi couldn't even manage a smirk, and the fact that she couldn't shake off this funk only deepened her anxiety.

"We can work out a private showing, Rach," Troy said, his smoldering black eyes teasing her.

"You know the rules," Jax called. "Mess with my secretary, I'll mess with you."

"And if he doesn't," Lexi added, "I will. Rachel keeps Jax sane, which keeps me sane."

"When Daddy's happy," Keaton said, "everyone's happy."

"Losers-all of you," Troy shouted loud enough to make sure Jax heard where he stood at the base of the stairs talking with someone Rubi didn't know, then dropped back into the chair. "A real Terminator tat, like mine, replaces muscles with gears and gadgets, cyborg-like."

Rubi didn't care about Troy's tattoo. She was inspecting Wes's. The ink rounded his right shoulder, the outline a double-pivoting bike chain with so much detail and shadow, she swore she could reach out and touch it. Parts of the chain fell away, broken, where a speeding motorcycle ripped from Wes's body, complete with torn skin and shattered chain links.

"It's gorgeous," Rubi said, subdued, but finally had a thought that made her smile. "I should get one showing a motherboard underneath."

"Oh yeah." Wes grinned. "That would be so cool. I'll take you to the guy who did mine if you want. He's amazing."

Lexi circled Wes, then lowered to her knees in front of him, tightening Velcro straps around Wes's hips and thighs. Rubi had seen her friend do this hundreds of times over the years while fitting her couture wedding gowns to clients or measuring for alterations. And over the last two months since she'd been seeing Jax, Lexi had taken on the new role for the Renegades as a seamstress to anything ripped, a designer to any new harness or bodysuit, even occasionally a costume or two.

And while Lexi's position on her knees in front of Wes was the perfect material for one of Rubi's typically suggestive, teasing comments, she wasn't in the mood. She really wanted to get out of this trailer, away from the handsome man who unnerved her-her, a woman rarely ruffled by anything.

She crossed her arms and leaned into one hip. "Almost done there, Lex? I'm ready for lunch."

Troy reached into the minifridge beside the sofa and popped the top on a Rockstar. "Since when are you so eager to get away from us?"

"You're not all that," Rubi teased, "despite what your bed bunnies tell you."

Keaton whistled through his teeth, the sound imitating a diving plane, then simulated the sound of an explosion. "Crash...and...burn."

Troy shot Keaton a brotherly glare.

"Actually," Lexi said, "I want to get a better look at the fit in the back, but the straps keep slipping. Can you come hold these hinges so I can get a better look?"

An absurd chuckle floated from her throat. Talk about sending mixed messages. "Uh, I don't think so."

"What's the problem?" Wes challenged with the rise of one golden brow. "Afraid you might like it?"

Afraid was right-that she'd like it. That he'd like it. That the situation would lead them both down the wrong path. "Don't goad me, Lawson."

"Rubi," Lexi said, "we're not getting out of here until this is done. Wes is holding the straps." She let out an exasperated sigh. "Troy...?"

Troy cut her off. "No way, no how am I getting on my knees for Lawson. I'm gonna settle in for the show. Come on, Rubi. We ain't got all day here."

"Give it up, Troy," Wes said, staring into Rubi's eyes. "She's backing down."

"You little troublemaker," Rubi said.

"Come on, Rubi," Lexi rounded behind Wes again. "Five minutes, tops."

Jesus, this was ridiculous. She was wasting more time not doing it than just getting it over with. "Fine."

She stepped forward, holding Wes's taunting gaze. "Don't get any ideas, Lawson. This doesn't change anything I said earlier."

His eyes narrowed, and his grin took on an edge. "I bet you say that to all the guys."

"Exactly." Rubi let the heat she used at the club slide into her grin. Maybe showing him a little more of her dark side would help him realize she wasn't one of the sweet little playmates he favored. "I'm glad we understand each other."

In a purposely bold don't-play-with-fire move, she pressed both hands flat against his bare chest. His skin was damp and warm and soft, the sprinkle of golden chest hair crisp, the muscle beneath hard and radiating heat. A stream of liquid fire rolled through her body. His ni**les tightened at her touch, stirring the craving she'd been restraining for weeks. She ran her tongue over her bottom lip, wishing she could stroke it across the deep brown nub. He'd taste salty now. And so very male, she had no doubt.

Even at five-nine and wearing three-inch heels, she had to tilt her head to look into his eyes. His gaze was heavy-lidded, but sharp, serious and scorching. Those full lips had lost their grin and his jaw ticked with pent up energy. There was definitely a more intense side to this easygoing country boy, born and raised in the heartland-one that coaxed her interest and ramped her desire.

But she held her emotional ground and pushed through the chore with all her shields firmly in place.

Balancing herself with pressure against his chest, Rubi slowly lowered. Keeping her gaze pinned to his, sending the silent message that her will was just as strong as his, her hands slid down the hard wet muscle. God, he was utterly delicious.

Curling her fingers into the neoprene at his waist, she used his body to steady herself and rocked to her knees.

Troy, Keaton, and Duke egged them on with whistles and a husky, "That's what I'm talking about," "Looking good there," and "Mmm-mmm, getting hot in here" encouragement. Rubi let it all fade into the background.

Wes's gaze had transitioned into something primal. Something hungry. Predatory. Rubi let herself imagine what he'd do to her now if they were alone. How he'd slide his big hands into her hair, guide her mouth to his cock, and draw her forward until he was buried to her throat. A telltale tickle signaled growing moisture between her thighs.

Lexi grabbed Rubi's hands, moving them to a pair of raised round components on the harness at either side of Wes's hips. "Hold these right there."

"Will do."

Wes let a hand fall to his side. He traced the tip of one finger across her forehead and lifted a lock of hair, setting it aside. The move was so intimate, tension balled in her stomach.

"You look good right there, Russo." His voice, low and thick, rolled over her skin like a warm breeze. "Really good."

He traced a tingling path down her cheek and across her jaw. Then his hand opened, and his thumb swept the angle of her cheekbone. A decadent sensation made it hard to keep her eyes open.

Footsteps sounded on the trailer's stairs. "Are we ready for lunch?"

Jax's question, clearly asked before he took in the scene, made Rubi grin.

Wes pressed his thumb against the center of her lower lip, dragging her mouth open a touch. "Just say the word..."

And I'll be your lunch.

He didn't need to say the words for her to know what he was thinking. What they were both thinking.

"Russo." The disbelief in Jax's voice finally drew Rubi's gaze. "What the hell are you doing?"

"A favor for Lexi."

"Okay," Lexi said. "You can get up, Rubi."

"Thank you," she said with an infusion of thank God.

Wes leaned down and slid his hands up her arms. With a firm grip on her biceps, he lowered his mouth to her ear and whispered, "Tonight I'll be dreaming about finishing what we started here."

So would she. But she kept that to herself.

Rubi pushed against his chest and-reluctantly-eased herself from his grip.

Lexi glanced at Jax and gestured toward Wes. "What do you think?"

Jax leaned back with that easy, negligent stance, dark brows pulled as his gaze inspected the harness.

"Yeah." He moved to Lexi's side and swung an arm around her shoulders, then reached down to fit the fingers of his other hand into the space between a circular contraption and Wes's hip. "That's a much better fit."

Wes's phone double-chimed in his pocket, but his hands were busy fitting and refitting the Velcro strap holding the apparatus low on his waist.

"You ass**le," Jax said with the same tone he'd used with Rubi over her attire. "You know you shouldn't have your phone on you while you're running stunts."

"Yeah, yeah." A new intensity pulled Wes's forehead and mouth into a frown. He lifted one knee, and the straps around his thighs drew the metal strips along with the movement, pivoting at the hip joints. Then he lifted the other, crouched slowly, straightened. "I hope this thing works."

He hoped? The fact that he would simply hope a piece of safety gear would work shot the heat of anger along her spine. But Rubi kept her mouth shut. She certainly wouldn't have nagged Troy or Keaton or Duke about their equipment. Or even Jax. And she wouldn't start with Wes.

"It will. It's a really nice rig."

"We'll see." Wes turned away and ripped off all the straps, dragging the thing off.

His phone chimed again. He pulled it from a pocket beneath the neoprene and became engrossed in a message.

Jax stepped behind Lexi, wrapped his arms around her, and lowered his chin to her shoulder. Those blue-green beauties met Rubi's and turned innocent-which meant he was about to pull something.

"Where are you taking us for lunch?" he asked, hopeful.

"Us? Who said you could come?"

Before Jax answered, Rubi glanced at Lexi, who offered a lopsided grin.

Rubi's shoulders sagged. But she forced a smile and more enthusiasm than she felt. "Of course. You're a package deal now, right?"

Jax straightened, his gaze traveling to Wes, who was now leaning against a free desk, feet crossed at the ankles, blond head bent, his thumbs busily texting. Jax darted a questioning look toward Rubi. Over the last couple of months, they'd all developed the ability to speak without talking, and now he was silently asking if he could invite Wes along.

Rubi lifted a shoulder. What was she supposed to do? Say no when they'd been doing everything together for two months?

Jax's phone chimed, and he pulled it from his jeans' pocket. His gaze lifted to the other Renegades. "They're ready for you on set."

Troy, Keaton, and Duke rose from their seats and grabbed water bottles from the fridge before exiting the trailer.

When they were gone, Jax said, "Wes, come to lunch with us. Let Rubi distract you for a while."

He glanced up from his phone, his eyes glazed over in concern. "I'm filthy. You guys go ahead."

His disinterest swept a cool breeze of hope through Rubi. Maybe he wasn't as into her as he'd seemed. Maybe he'd been joking earlier. Her mind shot back to the intensity in his eyes. No, he hadn't been joking.

"The Crossroads has a patio," Jax said. "Okay for you girls?"

Not what Rubi had in mind at all, but... "Sure."

Wes peeled off the rest of the suit, showing tan cargo shorts beneath. He grabbed a white T-shirt off the corner of a desk and started toward the bathroom. "Let me clean up. I'll just be a minute."

Rubi watched him go, soaking in the sight of the muscle play along his spine and ribs. Liquid warmth spread through her body, but she held in a sigh of longing. He was a beautiful man-there was no denying that fact.

When he was gone, she returned her attention to Lexi and Jax. Here they were, the perfect foursome again. This whole pairing-off habit they'd adopted over the past several weeks might be why Wes had tripped that line and asked her out. She had to admit, seeing Lexi and Jax together, so happy, so in love, so...connected, had tweaked Rubi's mind toward the idea of finding that perfect someone. But she only had to look into her past to know she wasn't Lexi. They might mirror each other in many ways but were completely opposite in just as many. Desiring and maintaining a romantic relationship was one of those opposites.

Yes, she wanted Wes. She was human. She was female. And he was...a freaking demigod. But talk about messing up perfect friendships-breaking Wes's heart would cause rift upon rift upon rift within this new and expanding circle of Rubi's and Wes's friends.

To buffer the whole double-dating scenario, Rubi turned to Rachel. "Take a break from that computer, Rach. Come with us."

Rachel groan, pulled her glasses off and rubbed her eyes. "A break from this risk assessment sounds heavenly."

Wes returned with his muscles stretching the T-shirt's Hurley logo across his chest and his feet slung into worn, leather flip-flops. Rubi grinned at his surfer-boy look. But his head was still bent toward the phone in his hand, his handsome face pulled into that rare frown.

In an attempt to find equilibrium again, she teased, "Girl problems?"

He looked up with a lopsided grin and slid his phone into his pocket. "You're the only girl giving me problems, Russo."

He slid his hand under her hair and squeezed her neck. Tingles spread over her skin, down her spine. The touch surprised her. Unsettled her. "Let's go. I'm starving."

Rachel stood and grabbed her purse.

Jax pulled Lexi by the hand toward the door. "My truck's right out-"

"I'll meet you there," Rubi said. "I'm going to head straight home from lunch. I've got a lot of work waiting for me."

She stepped into the Los Angeles sunshine and slid her sunglasses on. At the bottom of the steps, Rachel turned to follow Jax and Lexi.

But Wes waited with a hauntingly sexy grin. "Can I drive the Ferrari?"

"Actually, no."

"No?"

She always let him drive when they went anywhere together; it gave him such a thrill. And she'd been brimming with anticipation of this moment when she'd introduce him to her new-even faster-toy. But if she was going to keep things platonic between them, cutting back on these intimate habits would probably be a good start.

"No," she repeated. "I traded it in today."

"You what?" He reached out and placed the back of his hand to her forehead. "Are you sick?"

"No," she laughed, batting his away. "I don't need two cars."

"What did you trade it for?"

She heaved a sigh. There was no way she would be able to keep him out of this car without being downright mean. And that would be as detrimental to their friendship as f**king him.

She pointed her key fob toward the parking lot. The Aston's sidelights flashed with a corresponding chirp.

Wes's gaze held on the sleek machine for a long, disbelieving moment, before he uttered, "Is that...? No...fucking...way." His voice overflowed with awe and appreciation, then he yelled, "Suh-weet."

He jogged toward the Aston, and Rubi couldn't stop the soft grin that turned her mouth and lightened her heart. Jax followed, the two of them all smiles, as they opened the doors to peer inside, chattering like two-year-olds with a new Hot Wheels set.

"You haven't mentioned wanting a new car," Lexi said, coming up beside her with Rachel.

"You know I can't pass up a smokin' deal."

"It's..." Lexi crossed her arms and returned her gaze to the car, brow drawn. "Pretty."

"Pretty?" Rachel said. "It's so gorgeous we might have to leave the boys behind. Don't know how you'll get them out of there now."

She smiled at Rachel's comment, but it was the confused concern in Lexi's voice that touched an uncomfortable spot inside Rubi. Sometimes it was great to have someone know you better than you knew yourself. Sometimes it was as uncomfortable as taking a cold shower.

Wes said something to Jax over the console and Jax laughed so hard he doubled over. The sight and sound eased Rubi's nerves and made her smile again. "God, they're so cute together." She cut a sidelong glance at Lexi. "Don't think so hard. I can hear the gears grinding."

"What's going on?" she asked. "You're out of sorts today. And this..." She gestured toward the car. "Is something going on with Wes?"

"Denial and redirect," Rachel said, crossing her arms with a huff and a teasing glare for Rubi. "That's all you'll get from her."

Wes glanced through the windshield, and his gaze linked with Rubi's. Electric current traveled between them and zapped her chest like a defibrillator-the same way it had just before the stunt.

A sudden, swamping, completely irrational sense of loneliness opened in the pit of her stomach. She couldn't have him. No matter how much she might want him. But her brain was at war with her body. And those were both at war with some intangible part of her-maybe her soul, if she had one. All the conflict created a niggling sense of panic deep in her chest.

"Nothing's going on," she said and forced a deep, easy breath into her lungs. "And I'm doing my damnedest to keep it that way."

Wes's head popped from the car. "Can I drive it? Please, please, please?"

"Damn," Rachel murmured under her breath. "How can you resist that?"

Rubi shook her head. "I have no idea."

He rounded the door and held onto it as if he didn't want to let go. "Please? I'll be really nice to her."

"Screw nice." Hearing Wes assign the Aston a gender as if it were a person broke any resistance Rubi had left. "Drive the hell out of her. That's what she's made for."

Wes's gorgeous face lit up like the sun. She tossed him the keys, and he whooped, fisting both hands in the air over his head.

"Damn," she said on an exhale. "The man steals my breath. Come on, Rachel. He's hot. And you're totally his sweet type. Can't you take him off the market?"

"I'm not as sweet as I look, but I still wouldn't know what to do with all that testosterone. You may think I'm his type, but he's not mine. And, in case you hadn't noticed, you are all he can look at or talk about."

She didn't want to hear that. Rubi cut Lexi a sidelong glance. "Tell Jax to find him a damn girlfriend, would you?"

"You traded your Ferrari?" Wes jogged toward her, grabbed Rubi's hand, and tugged her toward the car. "I put a note on your windshield this morning."

"I got it."

His boyish glee eased a sliver of Rubi's discomfort. Or at least shoved it back into the dark for now. And a rush of adrenaline always soothed her nerves. Maybe this was just what the two of them needed to get back on even-friendship-ground.

"Grab a table," he called over his shoulder to the others. "We're taking the long way."

Three

This wild drive might be an awesome distraction from Wes's angst over Wyatt's surgery, but the adrenaline rush did nothing to douse his infatuation with the woman next to him.

They'd lowered the convertible roof, and the wind grazed their skin and tangled Rubi's hair into a dark, whipping halo. The midday sun burned down while the lightning-fast sports car gripped every curve in the road, the speed pumping thrill after thrill through Wes's veins.

But the best part was having Rubi beside him, her laughter filling his head with every new surge. Her squeals piercing his ears with each fresh skid.

He'd known she was trouble from the moment he'd seen her at the airport, all scarlet mini skirt, crimson Ferrari, and fiery flirtation. Nothing he'd believed he'd wanted until recently. While she was everything he'd first thought-feisty, funny, and flirty-she'd also turned out to be far more than he'd ever expected-wickedly intelligent, loyal to the core, and selflessly generous.

And he couldn't even begin to calculate her heat quotient. She was off the f**king charts.

But Wes wanted more than friendship with Rubi, and he was ready to take a hammer to those walls she kept erecting between them.

Another tight curve appeared in the road. Wes slowed into the turn, then accelerated out, jetting the small car onto the straightaway at the crest of the Hollywood Hills and leaving the thick scent of burnt rubber in their wake to the sound of Rubi's thrilled scream.

He'd driven this desolate road hundreds of times in as many different vehicles, but this was-hands down-the best ride ever. At the steepest grade, he pulled into a turnout where they overlooked all of Los Angeles and cut the engine.

A flush softened her light cocoa skin and her hair wound around her gorgeous face in a chaotic burst of darkness. Any other woman he knew would be cowering against the door. Or ranting over his insanity. But Rubi reveled in the speed, the adrenaline, the risk. The same way Wes did.

"You crazy bastard." She laughed the words and pushed her sunglasses to the top of her head. "Now I know how Lexi feels when I drive."

Every time he looked at her, his brain slid sideways. He'd seen photos from her previous years as a top model, but Wes thought she was the most gorgeous in her everyday casual state. Rubi's "casual" might be another woman's "dressed to the nines," but she had a way of appearing so absolutely comfortable in her own skin, she never gave the impression that much fazed her.

He'd lain awake nights trying to figure out who she resembled. She called herself a poster child for the United Nations, a mix of Caucasian, Japanese, and African-American. Wes thought she looked like an exotic version of Halle Berry with higher cheekbones and a deeper slant to her eyes when she laughed. And she had the sweetest little nose. The way it squared off at the very tip made him want to kiss her there.

Hell, he wanted to kiss her everywhere.

She spread her hand over her chest, which rose with quick breaths, and the silver bangles around her wrist clinked. "I may have to give you a speed limit, Lawson. You've made my heart jump out of my chest twice already today."

The excitement glimmering in her eyes snapped his restraint. Want welled inside him, so thick, so fierce he couldn't hold back anymore.

"Let's try for a third."

With octane filling his veins, he twisted toward her, stretched across the console, and wrapped his hand behind her head, pulling her in.

She sucked in a sharp breath a split second before his lips pressed hers. They were sun warmed, air dried, petal soft. She made the sweetest sound, a mix of surprise and pleasure, and the slow burn at the center of Wes's body burst into flame. Heat whooshed over him, the same heat that engulfed him during a stunt when one of his fellow Renegades lit him on fire.

Only this fire condensed in his chest before melting lower.

He eased the pressure of his mouth just enough to tilt his head, and kissed her again. This time she responded. Gently. Tentatively. Not at all what he'd expected from this blazing-hot, ultraconfident party girl. But her tender response did confirm his theories about the real woman behind her smokescreen.

"Wes..." Her voice was barely a whisper between kisses, and her lashes fluttered just enough to expose a sparkling green hint of her eyes.

Her hand slid along his forearm and up his bicep, prickling heat across his skin. Then snuck under his sleeve and curled around the back of his arm, pulling him closer. The fist of want deep in his gut tightened.

Her lips came back to his, parted and firm. A hum of desire sounded in her throat, igniting a flurry of fireworks beneath his ribs.

Yes, yes, yes.

His focus homed in on every single detail of the moment-the warmth of the sun, the growl in his throat, the luscious need building throughout his body.

He slid his tongue along the inside of her lower lip, urging her to open. He caught the hint of mint, but he needed more. He needed the taste of pure, potent Rubi.

Instead of letting him in, she pulled out of the kiss. With her gaze tilted down toward the console separating them, she licked her lips. "Listen...Wes..."

The I'm-sorry lilt in her tone flushed his brain with panic. This couldn't end. Not yet. He'd been fighting her resistance for a goddamn month. Had been waiting to feel her since the first moment he'd seen her. And he still hadn't tasted her.

"No, baby." He kept his voice soft, but it still sounded rough, needy. Sliding his hand beneath her hair, he cupped her neck and pressed his cheek to hers. His eyes slid closed, and he took a deep breath. She smelled exotic, like spice and sex. He wanted to sink into her. Deep into her. "Don't worry...don't think... Just kiss me."

He turned his head and covered her mouth with his. He wanted to devour her. Feel every inch of her. Hear more of those throaty purrs.

As if fulfilling his silent wish, she groaned. The soft sound was filled with so much desire, Wes's lust jerked against his control. Restraint snaked a fine tremor through his body.

"Kiss me back, baby," he whispered against her lips. "Let me taste you."

He'd let this infatuation go on too long, and he was way the hell too far out on a limb here. He had to pull back.

Then her head tilted. Her mouth opened. And she stroked her tongue against his. Sensation filled his mouth-wet, smooth, slick. The thrill slid down his body and filled his groin. He couldn't keep the growl of pleasure and relief from rolling out of his chest.

Finally.

Fucking finally.

He dove in, took greedily. Too much. Too fast. But he couldn't stop. She was sweet. And sultry. And succulent. She was everything he'd ever dreamed.

Rubi pressed one hand against his cheek. The other curled into the shoulder of his T-shirt. And all the tension drifted from her body. She relaxed against him, bringing her deeper into the kiss. Into his mouth. The purely unique taste of Rubi flooded his senses.

Delirium.

He fisted her hair, soft, silky, thick. Pushing against the brake pedal, he lifted his upper body farther over the center console. Her lips slid across his, her tongue spiraling and teasing his in crazy sexual ways that made Wes think about how he wanted to move inside her body. He was rock-hard, his c**k throbbing to the quick beat of his heart. He couldn't think. He only knew he needed her closer.

He slid his hand down her back and leaned in, wrapping her small waist with his forearm. Her body was tight, her curves perfectly placed to fit him. He lifted her until the full swells of her br**sts pressed against his chest. Her fingers slid into his hair. Tingles spread over his scalp and shot down his spine, adding pressure across his hips.

Ah God.

Wes let his hand roam down her back and over her ass cheek. Her ass felt as good as it looked, supple and taut. He squeezed the flesh then lowered his hand to the back of her thigh. When the skin of his hand met the warm skin of her thigh, Wes groaned into her mouth and pulled her closer.

This was not delirium. This was f**king euphoria.

He was about to pull her over the damn console and into his lap when she sighed into his mouth and reined in the kiss, lazily pressing her closed lips to his.

She finally broke off with a murmured, "Good God..." She pressed a hand to her temple. "I should have known you'd be a master with that mouth."

His heart thundered. His breathing labored. She tried to ease back into her seat, but he tightened the hand at her thigh. He kissed her jaw, her neck, scraped his teeth along her throat. Pleasure vibrated beneath his lips, and the sound pounded Wes with iron fists.

"All right Golden Boy." Her voice was light, breathless. "You've kissed me thoroughly stupid." She tugged gently at his hair. "But nothing else is happening here. Let's not get crazy."

He pulled his mouth from her skin and pressed his forehead to her shoulder, trying to clear his mind. She eased her thigh from his grasp.

Let's not get crazy.

Fuuuuuck.

He laughed at his own stupidity. Did he really think Rubi would do him right here in the convertible? On a public road? In the middle of the day?

A man could dream.

"See me tonight." He dropped another slow kiss to her shoulder. "After work. We can do dinner, drinks, a club... Anything you want. Just us."

She didn't respond. But didn't pull away. Just kept her hand deep in his hair, her fingers restlessly worrying the strands. When she finally eased back, she shook her head. "No, Wes." Her voice was deliberate but soft. A tone he'd only heard her take with Lexi. "I thought we understood each other."

He tried to focus on the affection in her voice, not the rejection in her words, and reached for her hand, threading their fingers. "Oh, we definitely understand each other."

"I've obviously pushed my teasing too far. I thought...you know...you understood it was just harmless flirting."

He tightened his grip on her hand. "You know it's more, Rubi."

She smiled, but the expression was sad. "It can't be. I'm sorry."

He wanted to shake her and tell her to knock it off. "You did not just kiss me like a friend. Or a flirt. You kissed me like you want me."

Guilt darkened her eyes. "I shouldn't have."

"Rubi." He didn't know why this was so important to him, but he needed to hear the words. "You want me."

Her fingers flexed beneath his. "You say that like it's a secret. Yes, I want you, just like the other two-dozen women on the set today. You're so damn hot, you singe my brain cells. As much time as we've been spending together, it's a miracle I can think at all."

His frustration cooled. He released her thigh, skimmed his hand up her back, and cupped her jaw, lifting her face until her eyes met his again. Sexual intensity raged through his body like a f**king lightning strike. "I want to burn out every last cell in your body, not just your brain. But I'll start there. See me tonight."

"Wes-"

"If you don't want to go out, we'll just stay in, and I'll get a head start on shutting down every circuit you own."

Something shifted in her eyes. Or maybe it was her expression. He didn't know what or why, only knew it signaled trouble.

"Is that what you're looking for? A casual f**k?"

His head jerked back, the harshness of her words, said in such a soft, sultry voice, taking him off guard. "No." He suddenly understood. "I mean, of course I want sex, but I want this too. Us. Together. I want...all of you."

Her expression closed up. "That's what I thought. Which is why the answer is no. We've talked about this, Wes. One kiss isn't going to change the way I operate."

"It wasn't one," was the first idiotic thing to come out of his mouth. "And it does change us." His brain clicked back on and darted to her earlier words. "Wait. Would you see me tonight if I'd said that's all I wanted? Sex?"

"Probably not." She looked out the windshield and combed both hands through her hair, taming the wild strands. "But I would have had to think about it longer."

Wes stared at her like an idiot. What the hell did he say to that?

"We should get to the restaurant." She pulled her purse back into her lap.

"We're not getting anywhere." Judging by the way Rubi's shoulders crawled toward her ears, he needed to soften his voice. "What. The. Fuck?"

She turned toward him, her gaze direct. "There's a lot of good between us. A lot. And your friendship means everything to me. More than you can understand. I don't want to screw that up."

Friendship.

The deathblow.

"I hear you, Rubi. But I'm not listening." He kept his voice level and low. He wanted his determination to reach her. "Because I know it's not true."

She opened her mouth to argue. Wes pressed his index finger against the supple swell of her lips and kept his eyes there. "And I know you want more than friendship with me. I see it every time you look at me. And I sure as hell felt it in that kiss."

She pulled her head back with an expression that Wes knew usually preceded a battle. Before she started an argument, he sat back and turned the engine over. "But, I'm giving you a break since"-he cast her a sidelong grin-"I did just kiss you stupid."

"Wes Lawson, you piece of-"

He gave her a talk-to-the-hand gesture and glanced in his side mirror before pulling back out onto the road. "Don't say anything you'll regret, precious."

Four

The way Wes pushed her Aston to its limits on the second half of their drive helped her bank her frustration, but guilt and confusion continued to gnaw at her belly. By the time they'd reached the restaurant, a familiar dark hollowness had settled in. The emptiness was intensified by the fun, the high, the connection they'd shared on the first half of the trip...and then lost.

Which symbolized her greatest fear-acting on their attraction and losing what they had.

She should have just kept her mouth shut and played the whole thing off as nothing. But that toe-curling kiss had really screwed with her mind. She'd kissed more than her share of men, but Wes's kiss... Wes's kiss had been real. Filled with real emotion. Real passion. Wes's kiss had touched Rubi deep in her body-in a place that had nothing to do with sex.

And that scared the shit out of her. Because she was f**king defective.

Wes pulled to a stop along the curb in front of the Crossroads restaurant. He clicked his seat belt free, gripped the top of the windshield, and used the frame to pull himself up. Rubi would have to be dead not to notice the roll of all that muscle in his arms and shoulders. Or the way his T-shirt rode up and showed a few inches of that washboard belly.

He twisted toward the patio, where Jax and Lexi sat at a table, holding hands and Rachel turned her glass of water in circles.

"Chamberlin," Wes called, his demeanor jovial and light, as if nothing had happened between the set and the restaurant. "You've gotta drive this thing."

He hopped over the side of the car and strode around to open the passenger's door. Maybe she was making too much out of this. After all, it was just a kiss. But then he curved his arm low around her waist and guided her into the restaurant, and she knew their unspoken hands-off policy between friends had been broken for good.

At the table, Wes released her only to pull out her chair. His chivalry was nothing new; he was always a gentleman, to both friends and strangers alike. But there was a new air of determined ownership about him that both excited and unnerved her.

Rubi met Lexi's and Rachel's suspicious gazes as Wes tucked her next to the table before sitting beside her. As if the two women had planned it ahead of time, they both cast curious glances at Wes, then back to Rubi, brows raised. Rubi returned a don't-start glare to each before picking up a menu and staring at it without reading.

She worried the inside of her lip, her mind bouncing all over the freaking place. She suddenly felt as helpless to control Wes's feelings as she did his driving.

Rubi scanned the table and the half-filled patio beyond. Half-finished iced teas sat in front of Lexi and Jax where she leaned into his body, looking blissfully content in the circle of his arm. Which only made Rubi feel even more freakishly abnormal. She returned her gaze to the menu with a sigh.

In her peripheral vision, Rubi saw the waiter approach. Wes ordered a beer.

She redirected her gaze from the menu to his face. "Are you driving again after lunch? You probably shouldn't drink."

The look that heated his eyes shot butterflies into Rubi's stomach. He reached out and gripped the back of her neck in an affectionate squeeze. A warm, sexy smile lifted his mouth in that lopsided way that made her desire burn hotter. "No more driving for me today. And no more worrying for you, as adorable as it is."

She did worry about him, dammit. She didn't look at the waiter when she said, "Cosmo, please."

Wes's hand slid off her neck, leaving it cold...and empty.

"Moving away from your Sexy Bitch?" The waiter's familiar voice held an edge of humor, and Rubi immediately knew who was serving them. She reserved a certain drink for each club she visited-one of her quirky compulsions.

A sense of equilibrium crept in. She pulled off her sunglasses and smiled up at the head bartender of Stilettos, a club she hit when she was feeling particularly unsettled...or, okay, desperate...and needed something quick and dirty.

She stood and gave Romeo a hug. "Hey."

His black hair was still long, his lip and eyebrow piercings subdued with simple silver studs. "Haven't seen you for a while. You look..."-his dark eyes darted to Wes, then back to Rubi, and his smile turned sly-"tousled."

She ignored the innuendo. "Why are you working here?"

"Picking up some hours. Bills, you know?"

No, she didn't know. Money she'd always had, and would always have traded any day over the last twenty-five years for real parents. But she did know all about financial struggle through Lexi, so she nodded.

She introduced everyone around the table. The men shook hands.

"I'm on at Stilettos tonight," Romeo said to Rubi. "A lot of people have been asking about you. You should come by and say hi."

As soon as the club's name was hanging in the air, dread settled in her gut. She lowered to her seat, her gaze searching out Lexi's, and Rubi found her friend already staring at her with the same alarm in her eyes that danced in Rubi's gut. But then...this might be a good thing. A way to illustrate to Wes that she wasn't really what he thought or what he wanted.

"Stilettos?" Rachel said. "Really? Isn't that a sex club?"

Romeo seemed to find this amusing, his grin growing. He shrugged, as if that didn't fully describe the club-which it didn't. "That's what it's known for, yeah."

"Sounds good," Rubi said. Couldn't hurt to get rid of some of this pent-up frustration. "I'll stop by."

Rachel gasped and reached across the table to cover Rubi's hand. "Can I come? You can pretend you don't know me."

Rubi laughed. "You? Really?"

"Yes, me," she said, sitting back with a scandalous little smirk. "I told you, I'm not as innocent as I may look-a little like Wes, here."

"Stick close to Rubi if it's your first time there," Romeo said. "Once you learn the ropes-so to speak-you'll be fine. And a hit. You may not be as innocent as you look, but that makes what you've got going extra hot." He glanced around the table casually, as if this were a normal conversation. "Do you know what you want, or do you all need a minute?"

"Just a minute," Rubi said.

When Romeo moved on to another table, Rubi forced her gaze to stay on the menu. Her stomach burned with discomfort. She didn't need to see Wes's face to know his outward ease had vanished. Tension radiated off him like electromagnetic waves.

"Rubi?" Lexi's voice pulled her distant gaze from the menu. Romeo was back, setting down her cosmo. Jesus, how long had she been lost in her own head? "Do you know what you want?"

A new freaking brain. One without these hang-ups.

Rubi smiled at Romeo. "Salad."

He smirked. "Honey, we've got twelve different salads."

Crap. She scanned quickly and found one with candied pecans. When he turned away with their orders, Rubi picked up her cosmo and had to force herself not to down it in one gulp.

"You hang out at a sex club?" Wes asked, his voice deep...and irritated.

Rubi's throat tightened around her drink, and she had to force herself to swallow.

"It's only a sex club in the back," Lexi was quick to point out. She turned that angelic smile on Wes. "I've been there. Out front, it's just like a regular club. You know, a bar, dance floor."

"You've been to Stilettos?" Jax asked, a strange smile on his face as he looked down at Lexi. Her pale cheeks burst into color.

"I took her," Rubi said, clearing her throat when her voice emerged raspy. "A tease, really. She'd promised me a thank-you drink for recovering one of her crashed programs, and I took her to Stilettos. She didn't know what kind of club it was." Rubi took another sip of her drink and raised one shoulder. "That was the same night you broke out of your comfort zone and met Jax. Remember? Not all bad, I guess."

"But you don't stay in the front at Stilettos," Wes said, his voice filled with accusation. "Do you?"

"Dude," Jax said, voice a low undertone. "Not the place."

"Lighten up," Rachel added. "You're one to talk, Mr. Speed Demon. Like you don't do anything crazy on a daily basis."

Wes ignored them, his expectant gaze locked on Rubi's face.

A combination of frustration, regret, and anger swirled in her gut. She paused before answering, just an extra second to get her emotions under control. The more she showed, the more he'd think she cared. And that would not help the situation.

She twirled the liquid in her glass, took a breath, and forced her gaze to meet his. His eyes were as dark as she'd expected, the color of an impending storm ready to break. "Why don't you just ask me what you really want to know, Wes?" When his jaw tightened without answering, she asked what he wouldn't. "Do I have sex with strangers at the club?"

His eyes darkened beneath a hooded brow of anger.

She smiled, trying to act like his judgment didn't hurt, but she was pretty sure she'd only managed a smirk. "Not that it's your business, but, no, Wes. I don't have sex at Stilettos."

His expression remained a cross between anger and disbelief. Rubi tipped her drink back and finished it off.

Wes's cell rang. He scrambled to pull it from his pocket and glanced down at the display. "Sorry, it's my mom." And pushed back from the table, answering with a soft, "Hey, Mama."

His tone, so filled with concern and love, squeezed a strange pleasure-filled pain into Rubi's chest, but she set it aside as she watched him wander to the edge of the patio. "Is he moody today, or is that my imagination?"

"He's tense," Jax said. "His brother just had surgery."

Rubi's gaze darted back to Jax, but she didn't really see him. Too many thoughts were jumping around her brain. Why hadn't he told her? Was that the basis of this strange behavior? Her mind darted to the contraption they'd been messing with in the trailer, one she'd thought was a harness.

Before she could ask any questions, Wes returned.

"How is he?" Jax asked.

"She says the surgery went well." He looked relieved, sounded calm. Seemed the edge was off his mood. "The surgeon said they got most of the scar tissue and that in a few weeks his mobility should improve a lot."

Jax grinned and reached across the table to meet Wes's fist in a bump. "Great news, man."

"What kind of surgery?" Rubi asked. She couldn't deny she was hurt that Jax, Lexi, and Rachel knew all about it, but she didn't. She spent almost as much time with him as they did.

"Spine," was all he said before Romeo came with their lunches. Once they'd all been served, Wes took the side of ranch dressing from his plate and set it next to Rubi's salad. Then put a few fries on the rim of her salad bowl.

He grabbed another fry, popped it in his mouth, and chewed before saying, "He's a Marine. He was on his third tour in Afghanistan when an IED exploded inside a building where his unit was doing recon and lodged a shitload of shrapnel in his spine. Today was his second surgery."

"Oh no," she said softly, absently picking the candied pecans from the top of her salad and collecting them in her palm. "I'm sorry."

Wes acknowledged the utterly inadequate reply with a nod and took another pull on his beer, but hell, what did you say to news like that? Stress of that kind could completely explain Wes's rash behavior. He'd mentioned his parents in passing, but never siblings. Granted, given their table had a three-out-of-five family-failure rate, it wasn't a big topic of conversation when they were together.

"Younger or older brother?" she asked as she set the nuts on a corner of Wes's plate, then picked up a fry, dipped it in the ranch, and bit it in half.

"Older," he said, ignoring his burger and using one fry to move around the others, but not really eating. "By four years. He's married with two little girls."

Nieces. The thought made Rubi smile. Her view of Wes settled into place. He had a family that loved each other, worried about each other. He called his mother Mama and talked to her in a voice filled with warmth. Yes, this was Wes. She might lust after the golden Adonis in her fantasies, but this was the Wes she'd come to truly adore over the last two months.

"So that thing you were working on this morning was for him?"

"Yeah." He tossed a pecan into his mouth. "But I'm not sure it's going to support him. He's my height, but he's a big guy, maybe thirty more pounds than me. And he's not going to have any strength for a while. He'll be like dead weight until he heals and rebuilds muscle."

Wes looked at Jax. "My dad is the only one in my family who's strong enough to help him walk, and he's in the middle of harvest. I know this is a bad time with the film, but I may need to go back every couple of weeks to help out."

"Anything you need to do, man," Jax said. "Family comes first. We'll make do."

He released a relieved breath. "Thanks."

"Is there any way to make it stronger?" he asked Jax.

Jax wiped his mouth after taking a bite of his burger. "Can he stand on his own?"

Wes nodded. "It's moving his legs he can't manage."

"Stronger metal on the thighs?" Lexi asked.

"Yeah." Rachel nodded at Lexi, then Jax. "Maybe a double design, more like those harnesses you use for falling and climbing where the straps go all the way around the leg?"

Jax shook his head and took a drink of his iced tea. "Too much chance of hurting him if he falls."

Rachel nodded and poked at her own lunch, deep in thought. Rubi recalled the apparatus as she forked up blueberries and the others continued to drum up ideas for strengthening the design. She wasn't much good with machinery, but...

"Rubi," Lexi said drawing her attention. "Didn't you do some work for a tech lab?"

She nodded, thinking back to the robots and prosthetics she'd helped program, trying to fit that into this scenario.

Lexi glanced at Wes, then back at Rubi, a glint of suspicion in her bright blue eyes. "Why are you so quiet?"

She lifted a shoulder and feigned rapt attention in collecting as many blueberries as possible on her fork tines. "Just listening. Thinking."

Wes's lips curled on one side, and he glanced at her with a mixed look in his eyes she couldn't quite read. "I kissed her stupid." Wes's low voice burned a path down the center of her chest. "Or so she said."

Rachel's fork hit her plate, her brown eyes flying wide.

Rubi stiffened and cut him a look. "Wes, that's no one's business."

"Just answering the question." He ate another fry. "So what do you have up your sleeve, Rubi? Any ideas?"

She lifted her fork and stared at the tines, thinking-and avoiding the others' expressions at the news. "You could make the hinges at the hip stronger. Or...maybe add hinges at the knee and make them all stronger. I imagine the rig would have to handle more of his weight until his muscles strengthen, then less when he doesn't need as much leverage to move them."

Jax's hand paused with a cucumber slice halfway to his mouth. He and Wes exchanged a look Rubi recognized-ideas were turning in their brains.

"What are you thinking?" Wes said.

She met his gaze and found him fully attentive, intensely focused on her. "I don't really know anything about medicine or mechanics, but the round things at the hip on the rig, those are the hinges, right? They have some type of mechanism inside that makes them pivot?"

"They do. A spring mechanism."

Her mind focused on physics and function, much easier on her churning guts. "That would produce a movement equal to the pressure applied to the spring. To support a heavy weight, you'd need heavy springs, which would need a certain amount of strength to operate. Strength your brother may not have initially." She tilted her head and rested her chin in her hand, gazing at a spot over his shoulder. "You might get better control with electromagnetic conductors."

He sat back, brow furrowed. And, oh crap, that expression was so freaking adorable she lost her train of thought.

"I didn't think of that," he said, absently moving around his fries again. He still hadn't touched his burger, despite his earlier comment about being starved. "I'd have to get up to speed on the new EM products out there. Probably pretty easy to relay them with the electric."

"Electric?" She lifted her brows. "You have that thing wired?"

His gaze returned to hers. "Yeah, it's got a battery pack at the control center that sits at the base of the spine with an AC outlet for charging. Why?"

"Because with electrical capacity, you're talking almost limitless potential for the mechanism. You can put a computer chip between the relay and the device and make it sing Sinatra if you wanted."

Wes's lips parted. His eyes filled with excitement. Then he hit an invisible wall, and his face fell. "That programming... That's some special shit, right?"

Rubi suddenly realized what she'd just walked herself into-more entanglement with Wes. Yes, she could program this device for him, but she was already working on two other projects-the NSA app and these new stunt apps for Jax. Not that she couldn't take on another; she often juggled several at once, but...

"It's a specialty," she hedged, "but I don't know if it's all that special."

Jax's cell rang, drawing Wes's attention and giving Rubi a millisecond of relief. She didn't want to tell him she couldn't do it, but hell, she really didn't need to be spending night and day with him-not with his mind so set on starting something with her.

Rubi glanced at Lexi and found her friend studying her with a confused, suspicious look. They both knew Rubi could program the hell out of a freaking caterpillar if asked, and she could tell Lexi was wondering why she didn't offer up her services-like she did for everything else. For now, Lexi was leaving it alone. Rubi had no doubt she'd get a grilling later.

When Jax disconnected from the call, he looked at Wes. "Bad news, bud. You've got Bolton babysitting duty tonight."

Rubi winced. The costar of the film, Jason Bolton, was the actor Wes was doubling in the movie. He was also notorious for carousing, drinking, and starting fights. Because Wes coached Bolton on his part in the stunts, he and Wes had built a rapport. And the production company wanted to protect their investment in Bolton by having Wes go out with him as an unofficial keeper.

"No," Wes whined, dropping back in his chair. "That guy goes out more than anyone I know."

"I offered to do it myself," Jax said, "but Bolton responds better to you."

"That guy is a liver transplant waiting to happen," Rachel said.

"Fucking Bolton," Wes grumbled. "Remind me not to ever double the ass**le again. Last week he nearly got me killed. If I'm going to die, it's going to be on a bike, not from some jerk starting a bar brawl."

The whole topic of dying on a bike after what she'd nearly witnessed today hit Rubi wrong. She needed some space.

"I've got to get going, guys." She pulled her purse from the chair and bills from her wallet. "I'm behind on my mind-numbingly scintillating NSA project."

"You haven't even eaten," Wes said. "And you have to drive me back."

"I'm sure Jax will get you where you're going and finish my lunch." She stood and held out her hand. "Keys, handsome."

He pushed to his feet and slid his hand into his pocket. "I'll give them to you at the car. That way you have to let me walk you."

She dropped her hand and looked at Lexi. "We're still on tonight?"

Lexi pursed her lips. "Sounds like you're kinda tight on time."

"If I don't break for an hour or two, my brain will fry."

"Okay, if you can do it. If not, tomorrow's fine."

"What about me? And the club?" Rachel asked, a beaming grin on her face. She really was adorable.

"I'll call you."

As Rubi and Wes started through the restaurant to the exit, he pressed his big, warm hand to her lower back. His fingers touched the skin exposed beneath the hem, and Rubi felt as if she'd been shocked with a live wire.

As soon as they stepped out the front door, Wes slipped his arm fully around her waist and pulled her in the opposite direction from her car.

Her heart kicked. "Wes-"

He sidestepped into an alley bordering Crossroads and pushed her against a wall, then leaned his body into hers. All that warm muscle pressed into her, clouding her mind. Banked desire swelled in a hot wave and her entire body tingled to life. She barely managed to keep her hands pressed against his chest instead of wrapping them around his neck to pull his head down. Barely kept herself from sliding his zipper down and hiking a thigh to his hip, opening just enough to take him inside her body.

"Wes, come on." She sounded as breathless as she felt.

"If you don't go to Stilettos for sex, why do you go? There are hundreds of clubs in LA, Rubi. Why Stilettos?"

"It's none of your-"

He bent his head and kissed her. This wasn't anything like the sweet start he'd used in the car. His mouth was heavy and hot. His lips demanded she respond. She shouldn't. She knew she shouldn't. But her mouth just...did.

Damn, but she loved the way he kissed. Every slid of his lips, every stroke of his tongue smooth and confident and lust-filled. Just the right pressure, depth and tilt. Just the right mix of sensual and sinful. She could easily spend hours kissing this man.

Which was why she pushed against his chest and pulled her head back. "Don't start that again."

"Why do you go to Stilettos, Rubi?"

She heaved a breath and blurted out the truth, "Because it's easy to pick men up there."

"Baby, it's easy for you to pick up men anywhere."

"Not the kind who only want what I want."

His eyes narrowed. "Sex."

A lead fist sat in the middle of her chest. She didn't respond. She didn't have to. They both knew he was right. He eased one thigh deeper between her legs until the thick muscle pressed her sex and his heat tore through his jeans. The rigid line of his c**k rode her hip, making her throat dry. Completely against her will, her eyes closed on an exhale of pleasure. Want tightened a strap around her chest. Need stretched a fiery rope from her shoulders through her hips.

Wes's growl brought her eyes open. His face was taut, his jaw jumping, his eyes fiery with lust. She desperately wanted to look into his face with this wicked expression as he f**ked her. Drove deep and hard. Hammered her until she shattered.

"You'll go pick up a stranger for a one-night hookup," he said, "but you won't say yes to me?"

She couldn't think, caught between needing to push back and needing to sink in. "You aren't interested in one night. And I'm not interested in more. Can't you see the problems that would cause?"

He didn't answer, but he was thinking. The determination and cunning was back in his eyes. "So why hasn't the waiter seen you in a while? How long has it been since you were there?"

"I don't know," she snapped, irritated. Turned on. Frustrated. "I don't keep it on my calendar."

"A week? Two?" He pressed his thigh higher and rocked against her. Currents of pleasure shot from her sex to her chest and expanded in hot pressure. Rubi fisted his T-shirt. "A month? More? How long?"

"More...I think. I don't know." She was using all her concentration not to rock against the thickly muscled thigh between her legs. "It doesn't matter how long it's been. I've been busy. And I don't need it. I haven't wanted it."

A knowing hot look crept into his eyes just before he moved his thigh. His heat and pressure rubbed her clit in a long, slow rocking slide. Fire leapt through her sex, across hips and climbed into her lower belly. She clutched his shirt tighter. "Wes..."

His name came as more of a plea than a warning and Rubi's eyes closed as she bit her lip against a moan.

"I think you both need it and want it," he murmured, his lips close to her ear. "But I think you need it and want it with me. And I'm not at the club. I'm hanging with Lexi and Jax, so that's where you are."

She huffed a disgusted sound. "The arrogance is not attractive."

"It's not arrogance. It's obvious. And ridiculous to risk yourself with strangers when I'm right here. Ready, willing, and plenty able." He pulled his head back and looked into her eyes. "Let's make an arrangement so you can get on with your day. If you need or want sex, you come to me."

She pulled in a breath. "Dream on, Lawson. You are not-"

He lowered her head and pulled her bottom lip between his. His tongue slipped over the flesh before he let go and murmured, "And I'll give it to you any way you want it, any way you need it."

She lifted her head and gazed up at him. His skin was pulled tight in a serious expression, his eyes shadowed with lust. A delicious shiver traveled over her shoulders, into her chest, and tightened her ni**les. She rarely appreciated men telling her what to do. Even in bed, she was generally the aggressor. She maintained control that way. And she could definitely see how control was slipping from her now, which was a very dangerous thing, because she knew this man.

His success hadn't been a whim. He was relentlessly driven. Intelligent. Clever. Even a little devious. A perfectionist when it came to his work. And, according to Jax, all his girlfriends had been solid, monogamous, serious relationships. She knew what he wanted, and she knew what he'd do to reach his goals.

She narrowed her eyes and considered him, trying to pretend he wasn't pushing her far too close to climax in an alley with nothing but the pressure of his thigh. "You want a sex-only arrangement? Is that what you're saying?"

A shadow of doubt passed through his eyes. She hardened her shell before opening herself up to his judgment and rejection. She didn't see any other way at the moment.

"Because they get far less of me than you have now," she said. "They get one round of mindless sex. Nothing more. We aren't friends. We don't talk. We don't hang out. We don't do things for each other. We rarely even meet again unless it's at a club in passing. And I don't sleep with them again." She paused, reading the gradual decline of his expression. "Is that really what you want, Wes?"

The pressure of his body eased. And when his thigh pulled from between hers, she was left cold and frustrated, her sex throbbing. He stepped back, leaving Rubi's stomach churning uncomfortably with mingled disappointment and relief. Her body aching with unfulfilled need.

But he didn't let her go. He kept one arm wrapped tightly around her waist; the other held her jaw.

"Why?" was all he asked.

"Because that's all I can give without hurting someone. And I really, really hate hurting people."

His gaze searched hers, and Rubi was struck again by just how handsome he was. She understood why he was often solicited to act instead of perform stunts. Those mysterious eyes, that wickedly seductive grin, the square jaw were movie-star quality. And he'd learned enough from Jax to take on a bit part-but only when a stunt called for it. Because Wes was a simple country boy at heart. Money didn't tempt him. He saw fame as a burden. He just wanted to have fun. Which was why they got along so well-when things weren't serious.

A deep wave of affection washed through Rubi, pulling emotions to the surface. He was such a good man, and she was so damn crazy about him.

Which was why she wouldn't let either of them ruin that with sex.

Five

The throbbing beat of "Let's Get Loud" by Jennifer Lopez thumped through the club, into the floor, up the legs of Wes's stool, and straight through his balls. And he didn't need anything jostling that area. His entire package already felt like stuffed sausage.

As soon as he had cut Bolton off and thrown him in bed, a drunken mess, Wes had come to Stilettos. And discovered the club wasn't what he'd expected. The lighting was low and dramatic. The seating areas intimate, but not exclusive, with a high-quality look and feel.

Three different bars dotted the club. At the largest, positioned at the center of a seating area to the left of the massive dance floor, a big biker-looking dude slid his hand down the open back of Rubi's... Well, he guessed he should call it a dress. In reality, it was more like a sheath of black lace, fitted to every curve of her heavenly body, with a few sparkles covering the most private of her private areas. A few inches of sleek fringe bounced at the hem when she moved, the strands barely covering her ass cheeks.

The simple sight of her made so much heat and need build inside him, Wes couldn't stop shifting in his chair.

He'd come here with one purpose-to watch Rubi pick up another guy, sure it would turn his mind around, allowing him to let go of this ridiculous fantasy he'd been clinging to for months.

But she'd been flirting with Biker Dude for a good thirty minutes, and nothing had happened. Other than Wes dreaming up ways to break every finger on the biker's hand, which was currently drifting toward Rubi's ass-an ass Wes had been holding just hours ago.

She shifted out of his reach before he grabbed one perfect cheek.

Wes exhaled and rubbed his face. What the f**k was she doing? If she wasn't going to pick up someone for sex, why had she come?

"Looks like your date got hung up." Andrea stopped beside his table, her full, painted mouth lifting in a seductive smile, dark eyes heavy-lidded.

The blonde had been coming on to him since he'd walked in. He'd given her the I'm-waiting-for-someone spiel, and she'd come around every fifteen minutes to check on his status. And, man, she had a body on her. Not Rubi's body, but, hell, no one had Rubi's body.

"Looks like," he said, averting his gaze toward Rubi again.

At least she'd been off the dance floor for a little while. Watching her move, those sparkles shifting over her sleek body, the fringe flashing her perfect ass cheeks, had been pure torture.

Andrea leaned against his table. Her scent, something heavy and exotic, hung on the air. "I might be able to arrange a threesome with her."

A spear of shock pierced his chest, and Wes's gaze arced toward the blonde. "Excuse me?"

"Rubi. That's who you've been watching since you got here."

He had not just heard right. "A threesome?"

Andrea lifted one shoulder in a negligent shrug. "She doesn't seem too interested in the guys hitting on her tonight. You're not her type, but you never know."

Images of Rubi, Andrea and him in a threesome flashed in his head-both women pleasuring Wes, Wes and Andrea pleasuring Rubi, Rubi and Wes pleasuring Andrea.

Fuck, yeah, a couple of those scenarios titillated Wes, but not near enough to give up exclusivity with Rubi. Threesomes just didn't interest him when they included having to share Rubi. And the thought of Rubi in a threesome without Wes made him want to choke somebody. But better he know now than later.

He finished off his beer and cleared his throat. "Is that what she's into?"

Andrea's lips twisted in consideration. "Rubi's pretty much an anything-goes girl."

Oh, the nasty fantasies popping to mind. Positions. Toys. A little light bondage... "Have you..." He couldn't believe he was going to ask this. "You know, been with her?"

"No, not me."

He frowned. "Then how do you know all this?"

"Observation. Chatter. Shit gets around."

Wes rubbed a hand over his mouth and leaned into his elbows resting on the table. "So if I'm not her type, who is?"

"Mmm, I don't know. She's always hooking up with guys who are trashier, harder, colder. She's never interested in winners like you."

"You just met me. Why would you think I'm any different?"

A slow grin lit Andrea's face and turned her into a real person. And she was beautiful. But not at all what Wes wanted. "Handsome, it's written all over you from the top of that great haircut to the hem of those upscale dress slacks. I'd love to see your dirtier side if you've got one."

Wes slid his gaze back to Rubi. She'd finally extracted herself from the biker, her gaze now roaming the crowd.

"She's free," Andrea said, following his gaze. "Maybe her tastes have changed. Wanna give it a shot?"

A fist of discomfort had lodged beneath his sternum, and he couldn't answer.

"Look," Andrea said, "if the only way I'm going to get you tonight is to share, so be it."

Ooooh. Kaaaay.

"Thanks," he said, shifting on the stool to ease the unbearable ache in his cock, "but I'm gonna pass. I've got an early morning."

The blonde shrugged and wandered away in search of another f**k buddy. "Let's Get Loud" faded into "Pump It" by the Black Eyed Peas as Rubi set a leisurely pace toward the corner bar. She paused to chat with Rachel, who was on the dance floor with some wiry kid. Rachel had surprised the shit out of Wes when she'd showed interest in coming here, but Lexi was right, the main area of the club was just a regular club-drinking, dancing, socializing-though the socializing here was far friendlier and bolder than the socializing he'd seen at any other club.

But now that Rubi had gone through the night without going home with anyone, Wes was thrown right back into the dilemma he'd come with-wanting a woman who, despite wanting him as well, wouldn't cross that friendship boundary.

Now what?

Wes stood. Time to make his move on plan B-a plan he hadn't expected to get a shot at tonight.

She slid into an empty space at the bar and crossed her arms, smiling at the bartender-the same dude from the Crossroads earlier in the day. They chatted as he made and served drinks. A man beside Rubi said something that made her cast a glance his way and shake her head.

Wes drew close and hovered, waiting for Romeo to serve the man beside Rubi, hoping he'd grab and go. Within thirty seconds, the space opened. Wes planted his hand on the bar, then stepped in when the other man cleared the area, standing at an angle to Rubi, partially behind her, partially beside her.

Her scent immediately filled his head. He bent and drew a deep breath of the perfume-something a little different from what she usually wore. A floral base with something rich and seductive and wholly feminine layered on top. A scent that clearly screamed-smoking hot seduction right here.

"If that is anyone but Wes Lawson breathing my air," she said without turning to look at him, "there's going to be trouble."

He took a half step closer, letting the front of his body brush the back of hers, and dipped his head to kiss her temple. "Normally, I like a fair amount of trouble, but I just came from my share, so..."

"This is the last place I ever thought you'd show up." She turned her head but kept her gaze lowered toward the bar, a quirk to her lips. "You're a little far from your comfort zone, Mr. Lawson. Have you ventured into the back yet?"

"You don't really know what my comfort zone is, Ms. Russo." And he was beginning to realize he didn't either. Rubi had slowly opened a new world of exciting possibilities for him. "Want to show me the way to the back?"

Her lips tilted into a full smile, and the way she kept her gaze down, her long lashes hiding the beautiful green sparkle, was incredibly alluring. "Might want to rethink that. There are bad things back there. Scary things," she said with a teasing dark tone. "Whips, chains, restraints...naked women."

He leaned close. "I happen to be quite talented with all said equipment. My experience may lie in their appropriate uses, but I'm a pretty creative guy."

"That you are." She finally lifted her stunning eyes to his face. "But, if you're interested in learning their illicit uses, you'll have to find another woman to haul your fine ass into the back. That's not my scene."

"No?" he ran his fingertips along her waist. "Not even a little bondage so a man could explore your body unhindered?"

"Oh," she laughed the word, "you bad boy."

He'd like to be really, really bad, in a really, really good way-something no woman he'd ever been with had been interested in or comfortable with. He leaned his forehead against her temple. "I hear a 'yes' in your voice."

"You're hearing what you want to hear," she said, shooting him a serious sidelong look. "You'll need to find another woman to be bad with tonight."

Movement caught his eye, and he lifted his head. The bartender extended his hand. "Romeo. We met-"

"At lunch," Wes finished and shook the guy's hand.

"What can I get you?" Romeo asked.

"Two Jager Bombs," Wes said.

Romeo nodded and turned toward the bottles lining the mirrored wall.

Wes lowered his gaze to Rubi's again. Held it a moment. "Have you f**ked him?"

Her brows flicked together. "Who? Romeo?" She laughed, the sound light, as if the thought were ludicrous. "No. We're friends."

"Right. Friends or sex. Not both."

"That's my motto."

"What about threesomes?" he asked. "Is that your scene?"

"Excuse me?"

"That's what I said. Someone propositioned me, said she'd hit you up for a threesome if I was interested."

Her lips parted, shock and dismay in her expression. "Who was that?"

"A blonde named Andrea."

Rubi shook her head. "I don't know her, so she can't know me."

"So that's not why you come here? So you can f**k outside the box?"

She laughed, the sound bubbling with both humor and shock. "You do have a special way with words. I already told you why I come here." Her eyes narrowed in speculation. "The question is...why are you here? Testing your boundaries?"

"Maybe I'm testing yours." Wes eased to the stool beside her and looked directly into her eyes. "Haven't decided on a guy to take home yet?"

"No. But I can guarantee it won't be you."

He grinned at her feistiness. "I don't remember asking."

"Touche. Why aren't you still with Bolton?"

"Because the man is a lush and can't hold his liquor. I dumped him home an hour ago, after he started another brawl at Shooters. Busted up the place pretty good."

"How'd you keep him out of jail?"

"I paid for damages and bribed the manager."

"That's my sweet country boy. Taking care of everyone. Making things right."

"My mama would disagree. She'd tell you I was trouble from the day I was born." He shifted on his stool, moving closer to Rubi. "And since I know you love trouble as much as I do, I have a proposition for you."

Her brows rose in question.

"You and me. Friends with benefits." He lifted his hand in a stop gesture. "But...benefits do not include threesomes."

"Not into multiple partners?"

"I've always had a problem sharing my toys."

She broke out into laughter.

The sight and sound filled his chest with carbonation. "I think that's a yes."

She shook her head and made a derogatory sound in her throat. "That proposition sounds dubious at best."

"I think it sounds like someone might be chicken."

Her gaze transitioned into a glare. "I hate the way you do that."

"You can never turn down a challenge. It's your greatest weakness. I love that about you."

She turned toward him and rested her elbow on the bar. "Lawson, have you even had a one-night hookup-ever? In your entire life?"

A lick of embarrassment heated his face. Stupid, yeah, but real. "What difference does that make?"

"I think it makes a lot of difference considering you're trying to start nothing but a series of one-night hookups with me."

"Friends with benefits is not a series of one-night hookup. There is no series in one-night hookup, Russo. Hence the title: One-night hookup."

Her mouth quirked, and she shook her head.

Romeo set their drinks down and Wes handed him a twenty. He picked up the shots and offered one to Rubi. Then lifted his high. "To...?"

"Friends," Rubi said with a purposeful look in her eye.

"With benefits." Wes clinked their glasses and tilted his head back, downing the mixture of Jagermeister and Red Bull.

When Rubi finished hers, Wes took her hand as the sassy, feisty beat of "Die Young" by Kesha pumped through the club. "Let's take the idea for a test drive. Dance with me."

On the floor, they fell into an instant rhythm. He loved dancing with Rubi. She was smooth and hip and daring. They were always so in sync, playing off each other, making it fun and sexy. And Wes couldn't get enough of watching her body move.

When "Die Young" transitioned into Rihanna's upbeat "Where Have You Been," Rubi was laughing at Wes's improvised-and overdramatized-hip-hop moves. He loved making her laugh.

He was warm and loose when he took her hands and eased their bodies closer, lifting their arms overhead. The music pulsed through his blood. The Jager tingled in his limbs. He felt relaxed and free, and with Rubi's body rocking to the rhythm alongside his, Wes was high on life.

He stepped back, released one of her hands, and turned her under his arm. With a small nudge to her shoulder, she twirled away from him, and when she circled back, Wes caught her with her spine to his chest. He held her there, his arms tight around her waist, her ass fitted to his cock, and swayed, rubbing against her.

She laid her head to his shoulder and met his grind. The return of pressure, that succulent ass cradling his erection, shot his blood into a rolling boil. Wes dropped his mouth to her neck. A hum of pleasure vibrated in her throat, and one arm came up to circle his head.

Wes was floating. Everything was so perfectly in sync-the music, their bodies, their desire.

He released her hands and slid his own down her arms, skimming her br**sts on the way past. Holding her waist, he soaked in every sexy movement of her body before continuing down to grip her hips. With their bodies fitted, he started a deliberate, erotic grind. In Wes's mind, he had her alone, naked, bent over a bed.

She had to be feeling the Jager too. She didn't resist, didn't pull away. She was loose, her body meeting his thrusts and rolls with her own sensual flair. They'd seriously tear up the sheets together. She had to feel that, too. Wes lowered his mouth to her cheek, her neck, her shoulder, licking and sucking every inch of exposed skin. He smoothed his hands up her ribs while meeting the rock and thrust of her ass against his cock. A moan of pleasure vibrated in her throat.

His brain was gone. His common sense, dust. She was the hottest, most exciting, and sexually uninhibited woman he'd ever known. Rubi's sexual confidence allowed his own to flow without restriction, and he knew for a fact this was something he'd been missing in past relationships.

He slid one hand down the middle of her belly, pressed the other to her face until she turned her head and met his eyes. Hers were heavy and hot. Needy. Knowing that heat was for him pushed his heart beat higher, and he lower his hand until his palm rested on her mound, then stretched his fingers to cover her. She was small and tight and hot. A knot of lust tightened between his legs.

"Oh God." Her eyes closed and her lips parted in a look of pleasure so rich, even more blood traveled south, filling his c**k until he was painfully hard.

He covered her mouth with his, slid his tongue over hers, circling slowly as he matched the movement with his hand.

"Ah..." she gasped, the sound part surprise, part ecstasy. That sound women made just before they came. "Wes..."

He pulled his hand back, and pressed his temple to hers. "Easy, baby. I'm not ready for this to end."

"Where Have You Been" melted into the slower, steady beat of "Glad You Came." Wes couldn't have choreographed the music more perfectly to his purpose. And as The Wanted sang about here and now, Wes focused on just that-these perfect moments with Rubi.

He took her hand and pulled gently, turning her to face him. She stepped in, eased her body against his, and gazed into his eyes with an I-want-you-to-fuck-me-hard look of hunger. "You're good with your hands, Lawson."

A grin turned his mouth, but desire immediately wiped it away. "It only gets better." He slid one hand over her ass, paused to squeeze before traveling down the back of her smooth, tight thigh and lifted her leg to his hip. With his other hand supporting her, he dipped her slowly. Kissing her neck and moving south until his mouth was on the skin exposed in the open cle**age. He tugged the fabric from one barely covered nipple with his teeth and sucked it into his mouth. When her chest vibrated with a groan of pleasure, he closed his teeth gently around the peak and added pressure until her fingernails dug into his biceps.

With another tug of fabric, he covered her breast and pulled her out of the dip. Her gaze was a little shocked, but heavy with desire.

"All part of your benefits," he said close to her ear.

He moved his hand along her body to the other breast, and paused to squeeze and tease. Scanning the floor, Wes found everyone lost in their own worlds, many as hotly involved in each other as he and Rubi.

When he kissed her again, her mouth was open, hot and giving. The feel of her desire snapped a fuse on his brain. Made him deliriously reckless. He eased his hand between their bodies and over her sex.

They groaned at the same time, and Rubi's mouth grew more demanding, as if she were telling him what she wanted him to do with his hand. Keeping a rhythm on the dance floor while kissing and feeling someone up was harder than he'd thought. Especially when Rubi had blown his circuits. His mind seemed to split, his thoughts flipping between the two-dance, f**k. Dance, f**k. It took a deliberate effort to focus on the music and keep his movements synced. Every brain cell strained toward touching Rubi. Toward pleasuring her. Toward proving she would want for nothing if she gave him a chance.

He kept his body close to hers to cover their activities and pushed his hand deeper between her legs. Heat swallowed his fingers. She was soft and hot beneath the silk. Smooth. Deliciously curved.

He teased her, tracing her lips and folds. His fingertips stroked the dampness over her opening, and he groaned against her neck. "Fuck, baby. You're burning. And so wet."

"Wes..." Her whisper was needy, insistent, and she pushed her hips into his hand.

Wes had to grit his teeth not to forge ahead and make her come. He wanted her to remember how badly she'd needed his touch. The combination of throbbing music, pulsing darkness, writhing crowd, and growing sexual frenzy between them created a strange sense of privacy. With a little more alcohol in his system, he could see how easily he could f**k her right here, right now, on this public dance floor.

The woman made him feel almost invincible.

He slid his mouth from her lips to her cheek, her jaw. "God, I want to suck you," he murmured, keeping his fingers light over her pu**y. "I want to lick you. I want to eat you. I want to f**k you with my tongue. So good. It would be so good."

Her hands fisted in his shirt and she groaned, the sound dripping with need.

He stepped away to turn her in his arms and pull her back against him again. Once she'd settled into their grind, Wes slid one hand from her waist to her hip, between their bodies to her ass. She lifted an arm back and around his neck, pulling his head down to her open mouth.

Her desire for him was a bigger rush than any stunt. More fulfilling than any accolade. He met her tongue, and they danced, responding to each other as if they'd been together forever, the perfect match. If their kiss in the car had been euphoria, this was absolute ecstasy.

She pulled out of the kiss, breathless, and pressed her forehead to his jaw. "Wes...God..."

He eased his hand beneath the fringe covering her ass. Slipped one finger under the edge of her thong and traced the path between her ass cheeks. He touched her sweet, sensitive pucker, and Rubi gasped, her head pushing harder against his jaw.

A whimper floated from her mouth. He lifted his free hand to her lips. "Suck my fingers." Her lids lifted, exposing lazy, fiery green eyes before her lips parted and she took two fingers into her mouth. Wes's c**k strained at the site. At the feel of her stroking tongue, the heat of her mouth. "That's it. Get them good and wet."

He pulled his fingers from her lips and traded the position of his hands on her body, sliding beneath her thong to tease her ass with his wet fingers. Rubi's eyes closed, teeth clenched and her head laid back against his shoulder.

"God that's so sweet." He wanted to explore, push her very tight boundaries here, but forced himself to ease his hand deeper between her legs, and found her opening, slick and hot.

He closed his teeth gently over the skin at the base of her neck and groaned with all his ferocious need.

"Oh my..." Rubi's God muffled beneath Wes's mouth as he kissed her.

He stroked her with heavy hungry fingers. Lightened his touch and teased her. And finally broke the kiss to gather air, his lungs as tight as his cock.

"I want to f**king eat you alive." His voice was raspy, and his slipping control made him rough as he pushed one finger inside her.

Her quiet throaty sound of surprise and pleasure pushed Wes higher. Pillowy soft. Searingly hot. He stroked her walls, twisted his wrist and found the small swell of her G-spot.

"Fuck...Wes..."

He withdrew, added a finger, and teased her opening again.

"Wes..." she complained, her hips rocking back and into his touch.

He teased her with shallow thrusts. "Come and get it, baby. Rock that body."

Her hips picked up a thrusting rhythm and Wes held his hand firm, letting Rubi pump herself toward the peak while he sucked at her lips, swirled his tongue with hers. And when her movements grew quicker, a little frantic, when the sounds from her throat grew higher in pitch, he met her thrusts, rubbing his knuckles over the small swell of her G spot. Lowering his other hand to her mound, he pressed his mouth to her neck and reveled in the moment-something he'd dreamed of for months.

"Oh f**k..." she cried as her body squeezed his fingers so hard she immobilized his hand. She clutched his hair and trembled in his arms. He covered her moans with his mouth, wrapped the hand on her mound around her waist to steady her and pulled her body into his rhythm to simulate dancing.

When her sounds of pleasure faded and she grew heavy in his arms, he pulled from her body and raised his hand to slide a finger wet with her juices down her neck.

When her eyes fluttered open, he murmured, "Next time..."-he lifted his hand to his mouth and licked her taste from his fingers-"I'm going to do this all again-with my mouth."

He turned her, wrapped an arm securely around her waist and walked her off the dance floor. Settling her in the corner of a sofa, he ordered her another drink from the passing waitress. He leaned down and kissed her forehead, then her lips. "This is just the beginning, baby." He kissed her once more. "I'm leaving. Keep an eye on our little Rachel, and I'll see you tomorrow."

Six

Rubi's sandals clicked along the viaduct's cement and echoed among the intermittent grunts and laughter coming from one of the many control rooms beneath the Sixth Street Bridge.

She stepped into the monolith's shadow and sighed with relief. They were experiencing one of those Indian summers in Los Angeles, and Rubi had broken a sweat between her car and the cave-like cement rooms where the Renegades were shooting this morning's fight scene. She'd finished up the bulk of the crash app this morning and wanted to start on the fight app as soon as she finalized the coding for the other. Taping and pulling apart their fight scenes was the first step to that end.

Pausing before stepping inside the building, Rubi glanced behind her, down the length of the cement channel where filming gear cluttered the view. Beyond, she spotted her car in the crew lot. She'd been hoping the sight of her escape would settle her. Maybe...empower her. But it only intensified her urge to run.

She pulled out the note Wes had left on her windshield this morning and reread it.

I'M STILL RUNNING A FEVER.

LITTLE HELP HERE?

A brief smile played over her lips, but apprehension tugged it away. Her most basic instincts knew starting something ongoing with him was a mistake. And she shouldn't have let the music, the alcohol and Wes carry her away last night. But that man was as good with his hands as he was with his mouth. And she'd felt the size of his c**k against her ass. Wes Lawson had 'lethal consequences' written across his forehead.

Yet he had a way of instilling a strange kind of hope, an irrational sense of security. As if some of his goodness or optimism might rub off and magically fix her. Or maybe it was a sense that he might truly be grounded or balanced enough to take on her issues without getting scarred.

Yet at the same time, he was clearly as much of a reckless rebel as she was, as demonstrated by him rocking her world on the busiest dance floor in Los Angeles.

No, it wasn't unheard of. Stilettos could get rowdy...and raunchy...even in the main area. But public displays of affection had never been her thing, let alone climaxing with hundreds of people around. Hello, that was one of the reasons she didn't have sex at Stilettos. And why she didn't play with more than one sexual partner at a time. Just because she'd always been overly sexually active didn't mean she was also a sexual radical.

But she had to admit, Lawson's show of insane confidence on the dance floor had delivered an overwhelming sense of personal power and sexual freedom. The fact that Wes could do that for her was as electrifying as it was terrifying. Because she craved more.

And she'd never before craved more.

She'd been with her share of men-not as many as she let others believe she'd bedded-but plenty enough to draw the conclusion that a truly gifted lover was more rare than virtue in Hollywood. And calculating the odds of finding a talented lover who was sincerely dedicated to pleasing a woman-in Los Angeles, no less-would screw statistics for all time.

If she had to sum it all up in three words-guys were guys.

Or so she'd thought.

But that alone didn't warrant using Wes and destroying their friendship. She drew a deep breath and closed her eyes before releasing it slowly. He was going to be pissed when she pulled back today. But better now than later.

Softening her steps so she wouldn't interfere with filming if they had cameras rolling, she eased through the open metal door and tiptoed toward the pain-filled grunts. The first room was empty, gloomy concrete on all sides. One filthy window was covered in iron bars and cast murky light into what felt like a dungeon.

Through doorways in the distance linking the rooms, Rubi spotted lighting, cameras, and a black pad on the floor. As she neared, she saw someone standing in the door to the room in use. Danny, one of the production assistants. He lifted his chin in greeting. Rubi smiled and pretended to crank her hand near her head in the silent question, Are they filming?

"Not yet," Danny said quietly as Rubi neared. "Still getting the moves down." He was tall and lanky, resting one shoulder against the concrete. With his gaze turning toward the middle of the room again-an area Rubi could see now was five times the size of any of the other rooms individually-he tilted his head toward Rubi's and lowered his voice. "Bolton's worth shit today, and Lawson's not happy."

Yards away, the costar and Keaton sparred on the mat. Wes doubled Bolton because they were physically similar-same height, roughly the same build, both blond. But Wes was ten times more attractive and carried a hell of a lot more muscle. Wes also had values like human decency, humility, and kindness, whereas Bolton was an arrogant prick. But she wasn't partial or anything.

Keaton stood the same height as Wes and carried a similar build, but he was Japanese-American with black hair, darker skin and high cheekbones. And when that man smiled, a thousand-watt beam of light struck the heavens. Keaton had taken on a minor villain role and played opposite Wes-standing in for Bolton-in a lot of the stunt scenes.

Today Wes's blond hair was mussed. He had his hands planted on his hips where he stood barefooted on the mat, instructing Bolton on the fight. He wore a gray tank top, tattered jeans, and a scowl.

Dee-licious.

Rubi thought of his hands and held back a delicious sigh. A man who looked like that, with his sense of humor, his intelligence, his fun-loving nature was an awesome find in itself. But a man who had all that and the talent to bring her to orgasm within minutes of laying his hands on her? And then walked away without pushing for gratification of his own obvious needs?

That was something Rubi had never encountered.

A fist of excitement and uncertainty clutched her stomach as she slipped into the room. She'd been anticipating seeing him for the first time after what transpired between them the night before since she'd gotten behind the wheel of her Aston that morning. Did he think they were a couple now? Did he regret the whole thing? Or he couldn't care less about the exchange? Not knowing how he would respond, how his response might alter their existing friendship, unnerved her.

Wes turned as Bolton and Keaton sparred. His gaze clicked to hers as soon as she came within his line of sight, and she felt the sync at gut level. He lingered there a moment, his eyes on hers, but his expression never altered. His eyes were dark, his jaw tight in frustration. Then his gaze swung back toward Bolton without any acknowledgment.

Rubi simultaneously experienced both relief and dread.

"Snap your head, dude," Wes said in a tone that indicated he'd been saying it all morning. "Put your shoulder into it-"

Keaton threw a quick solid punch, and, while Bolton reacted, his response wasn't near intense enough to make the reception believable.

Wes reached out and pulled Bolton aside by the arm. "Okay." His voice held barely restrained patience. "I'm going to show you one more time."

Rubi lifted her phone, brought Wes and Keaton into the viewfinder, and hit the Record button. Then she held her hand steady while she lifted her gaze to watch Wes.

"Come on," Wes said to Keaton.

The other Renegade struck out. Wes's head snapped sideways with a grunt, followed by his shoulder as he fell off balance. Rubi gasped and immediately covered her mouth. She sent a sidelong grin toward Danny and whispered, "Sorry. It looks so real."

"It does when Wes and Keaton do it."

As soon as Wes straightened, setting his stance, pulling up his fists, Keaton hit him again. Again, Wes snapped his head, fell sideways. Keaton didn't wait for him to reset this time, and nailed another fist into-what looked like-Wes's face. And even though Rubi knew for a fact Keaton wasn't making contact, the punches looked authentic enough to make her cringe.

Wes put up a flat hand to Keaton, straightened, and turned to Bolton. "Got it?"

Bolton nodded. "Yeah, yeah. I can do this."

"I would hope so," Wes muttered.

Wes crossed his arms and stood back. Keaton waited as Bolton set himself up, then Wes said, "Ready...and...action."

Keaton threw another perfectly aimed punch, his arm muscles rippling with the effort, and Bolton jerked his head sideways.

"Better," Wes said, his voice infused with guarded enthusiasm. "Again. Bring your shoulder all the way through as you turn."

They went over that one punch three more times while Wes circled them, shooting instructions at Bolton. The man seemed wholly unsteady on his feet and was sweating like a glass of ice water in the sun.

Wes continued instruction, pausing to show Bolton how to bleed one hit into a returned punch followed by a martial-arts kick. Rubi knew he was asking too much of the costar. Wes was fluid and practiced. Strong and sober. Confident and commanding. Bolton, one of the most famous up-and-coming stars, didn't just pale in comparison, he turned invisible.

Rubi leaned against the wall and enjoyed the simple but vivid pleasure of watching Wes move. His shoulder and arm muscles rolled with each punch. His ribbed abdomen clenched beneath the fitted cotton. His thick thigh muscles flexed when he kicked out in a roundhouse. His expression tightened with intensity as he spun and landed steady and strong.

She could still feel him pressed to her back. Marveled at the thought of how gently those hands had touched her most intimate places. Rubi's belly fluttered with a strange sensation. She tried to fit it into some known framework but couldn't. She pushed the uncomfortable feeling to the back of her mind and focused on the men.

Bolton stepped up, tried a few weak punches, one flailing roundhouse.

"Okay, no," Wes barked. "Just stop. You're way the f**k off your game today, Bolton." Wes drove both hands into his hair and lifted them out with a frustrated wave, leaving the blond strands standing out in all directions. "Everyone take twenty."

As cameramen, assistants, and actors filed out of the room, Wes clasped his hands behind his head, elbows wide, and paced the mats. Rubi sagged against the wall and paused her camera. The room went quiet, voices floating in through the broken glass of the single, barred window where everyone clustered outside.

Wes slumped into a vacant chair and closed his eyes on a heavy, frustrated breath. He dropped his head back, sliding his clasped hands to his forehead.

Neither of them spoke. Rubi's heart grew heavy for him.

She pushed off the wall and set a slow pace his direction. "Looks and sounds like you've had a rough morning." She kept her voice soft, but it still sounded ominous and hollow in the empty cement room. "Where's Jax? Or MacKenzie?"

"Jax is bidding a job in San Diego, some quick fall and fight work at the harbor, which makes me stunt coordinator for the day." God he sounded so tired. "And MacKenzie is at another location filming a scene with Craig."

He meant Daniel Craig, the Bond film's star.

She slid her phone into her back pocket as she came up behind him, and pressed both hands to that tense space between his neck and shoulders. His body was warm and damp with sweat. The same delicious sensation she'd had at the club slammed into her again, creating a fist of want deep in her belly.

She squeezed Wes's muscle, and he groaned a long exhale, then massaged the tight, dense muscle-something she would have done regardless of what had happened the night before. Something she would have done for any Renegade.

Right.

"Tired today?" she asked.

"Yeah. Someone wound me up tight last night. Took me forever to fall asleep."

"I think you've got the winding-up part backwards," she said. "How's your brother?"

"So far, so good." He turned and glanced up at her. "Hey, can we talk more about those hinges?"

She had known this was coming. After last night, it seemed spending time with him would be an ongoing issue. "Of course." She pushed on his shoulders. "Lean forward. You're too tight to be throwing your body around like that. You're going to hurt yourself."

He groaned as he braced his elbows on his thighs and his head in his hands. Rubi angled her elbow into the thick muscle at the base of his neck and added pressure until the muscle resisted, then held it.

"Holy...fuck..." His breathing turned choppy. "What...are you...doing?"

"Releasing your muscle. Don't tense against me. Let go."

His muscle melted beneath her pressure as he let the tension ebb. "Oh my God...that's...better than an adrenaline rush."

Rubi smiled. "That's saying something."

"Got that right."

Silence fell, and Rubi chewed on her bottom lip. Easing pressure off the muscle, she moved her elbow toward his shoulder blade and slowly leaned into the compression. "We...should talk about last night."

He reached back, grabbed her forearms and used them to pull her around in front of him. Then he gripped her waist, separated her knees with his and pulled her into a straddle across his lap.

She gasped and grabbed his shoulders. Her heart rate spiked. The chair had no rungs. Nowhere for her to plant her feet and lift off him. He gripped her hips and pulled her closer, growling when his package rubbed between her legs.

"Wes-"

"I want you looking into my eyes when you try to trash our arrangement."

"We didn't make an arrangement.

"What does that make last night? Other than a f**king fantasy come true, I mean?"

A mistake. She scooted off his lap and stood. Crossed her arms. But that didn't stop the desire flooding her body in a waterfall of heat. "Look, Wes, our friendship doesn't fit the whole friends-with-benefits model. I really think-"

He laughed, eyes closed, smile stretched across his handsome face. "Baby, you've been spending too much time in business meetings. Where'd you get this idea of a 'model'?"

Embarrassment flushed her face and she bit the inside of her lip. "Internet." As soon as his smile grew again, she added, "Don't laugh. It makes a lot of sense." She covered her face, rubbing at the tingle in her cheeks. "And I seem to need help making sense right now."

He sat forward and pressed his elbows on his knees. His gray eyes were clear and serious, but also rich with affection. "If you need help making sense of us, listen to your body. It knows exactly what you need. And even if there were some type of 'model' to this friends-with-benefits thing, I wouldn't follow it. I was born to break rules, baby. We both were. All we need is an understanding between the two of us, not a one-size-fits-all list of 'shoulds' created by some geek staff writer for an online rag."

Damn, she didn't know what to think or how to feel. She only knew she wanted to escape the pressure caused whenever she thought about this situation.

"I know this freaks you out, so let's keep it simple for now-sex when we want to f**k and friends the rest of the time."

Her belly burned with the implications. A huge part of her wanted to scream yes. Absolutely. Let's start now.

Instead, she frowned, narrowing her eyes on him. "You think you can do that?"

"Don't know. Never done it before."

Her wall of resistance reappeared. "That's what I'm afraid of. Really, Wes, this isn't-"

"Are you chicken, Russo?" he asked, his voice low and taunting. "Afraid you'll fall for me?"

No. Yes. Shit, she didn't know. "I'm afraid this is the perfect setup for disaster."

A slow, hot grin lifted his mouth. "Sounds like the perfect challenge to me."

She rolled her eyes, her chest growing tight.

"Come on," he said, razzing her with a fake punch to her gut. "I expected more zing from you, Russo. I think you're..." He made chicken noises.

A laugh bubbled up, and she reached out, covering his mouth. "Stop that."

He pulled her hand away and threaded their fingers. "Let's set up some ground rules if that will make you feel better. I'll even give you a handicap."

"Pfft. Like you don't need a handicap? And this"-she lifted their joined hands-"is not sex when we want it and friends the rest of the time."

He exhaled hard and pulled his hand back, but his smile faded into a tight, frustrated line. "Go ahead, set up your first rule."

"No. That would mean I believed this could work, and I don't."

More chicken noises.

"Dammit, how did you get so good at that?"

"Grew up on a farm. Duh."

"I keep forgetting that. Bet you do a great pig."

"Blue-ribbon winner in the county fair a decade running when I was a kid." He took a deep breath, closed his eyes, tilted his head back. "Suuuuuu-"

She slapped a hand over his mouth before the "weeeee!" came out and doubled over with laughter. "God...you're such an idiot."

He pulled her hand away with his free one and squeezed gently before letting it go. "Just one thing you love about me. There will be lots more. I'll make sure of it."

A scrape sounded near the door. His gaze darted that direction, then back. "Just to show you I can do this, I'm not going to haul you into my lap and kiss the hell out of you to mark you as mine."

Rubi's brow creased in confusion. She opened her mouth to ask what that had to do with anything when one of the cameramen strolled back into the room.

"Hey, Rubi," he said. "If you leave your e-mail, I'll get you the name of that cinematography app I use. If you could add those camera lens calculations into your stunt apps, man, that would be amazing."

Her lips were parted when the reality of what he hadn't done hit her. News of their kiss could have spread through the crew and Renegades by nightfall-definitely not part of his friends with benefits strategy.

Thoughts ping-ponged around her brain. A strange giddy lightness darted through her belly. Could he really do this? Could she? The thought of being able to have him, experience all his alpha sexiness and beta sweetness without ruining what they already had as friends-however briefly-created a delicious, twisty feeling in her belly.

Wes flashed that knowing grin and stood, tugging at the thighs of his jeans, above which a sizeable bulge had taken up residence. Pulling out his phone from a back pocket, Wes pushed one number, crossed his arms over his wide chest, and put the phone to his ear. "Dude, you got a minute?"

Rubi took out her own phone and tapped into the camera again.

"We've got problems with Bolton," he said as he wandered back to the mat. "I cut him off at the bar and poured him into bed by midnight, but he was still late to the set, isn't functioning worth his weight in shit, and he's off-gassing like a diesel truck. He must have gone out again after I left him. I doubt we're going to get anything workable out of him today."

Rubi made her way back toward the wall, leaned against it, and planted one foot to the concrete, pretending to check e-mail. But her mind was in a mishmash of confusion over Wes.

"Yeah, I guess," he grumbled, "But I'd rather take him out back and beat the crap out of him. Come on, it would make me feel so much better. Please?" He paused and rubbed his closed eyes. "You're no fun anymore, you know that? I'm short-sheeting your bed, dude. Better plan on staying with Lexi."

He disconnected and swore as he slipped the phone back into his pocket. Rubi pressed her lips together to hold back laughter.

On the mat, Wes shook out his arms and started jumping on his toes, warming up for more work. He planted his feet wide and swung his arms across his chest. "Keaton," he called. "Let's go, dude."

"What's going on?" Bolton asked, stopping beside Rubi, hands on his hips.

Wes waved him closer. The production staff was trickling back in, camera and sound guys messing with their equipment.

Keaton took the mat across from Wes and brought his fists up like a boxer. Wes mirrored him but spoke to Bolton quietly, with an undertone of steel. "I'm shooting your scenes today."

Keaton took a swing, and Wes received the hit like a pro, head whipping, body twisting, feet stumbling. Keaton came at him with an upper cut. Wes's head snapped up, and he fell back a step.

"I'll keep the face shots to a minimum." Wes and Keaton circled each other. "So get your ass home and sleep off your hangover. If you're not sober and ready to work tomorrow, I might just take over your whole f**king role."

"What the hell?" Bolton sputtered, his face reddening with anger. "Who the f**k died and made you boss?"

"Chamberlin. If you have a problem, take it up with him."

Keaton twirled and kicked at Wes's head. Wes ducked and moved in for a body shot. He was so smooth, so confident. And so freaking hot.

Sex when we want to f**k and friends the rest of the time.

Rubi's hunger surged to life. How long would that kind of arrangement last? But more importantly, what would happen when it ended?

Keaton crumpled with a grunt, stumbled back, and slammed his body against the concrete. Even standing only a few yards away, knowing it was fake, Rubi's stomach cramped with each hit.

Keaton swung his arm around Wes's neck, his handsome face in a grimace as he pretended to choke the life from Wes.

"You want to do all the work, fine," Bolton said. "I'm still the one who gets paid." He turned away from them and covered his dented ego with a superior grin and a swagger on his way out.

Rubi refocused on the mat, just as Keaton hooked his left fist at Wes. Rubi sucked in a breath, but Wes leaned back, gripped Keaton's arm and threw him. Keaton twisted three times in the air before he hit the mat.

"Now that's a f**king fight scene." Danny straightened, grinning at Rubi. "I'd better get that man a costume. Looks like we're going to get some real filming done today."

Seven

"What is wrong with you?" Lexi frowned up at Rubi from where she knelt in front of her. She held straight pins between her teeth and one between her fingers poised to poke the lingerie Rubi wore. "Did you take espresso shots on your way here? If you don't stop fidgeting, you're going to become a pin cushion."

Rubi planted her hands on her hips, took a deep breath, and blew it out. That didn't help the knot at the center of her body, but she managed to find stillness.

"Hands down," Lexi ordered.

Rubi rolled her eyes and dropped her arms.

Lexi tugged the fabric of the panties at Rubi's hip. Jax's rich voice floated up to the loft from where he sat at the desk downstairs in the main studio of LaCroix Designs, Lexi's couture wedding dress storefront, talking on the phone. Lexi took the extra fabric at Rubi's hip between her fingers, pinned it, then measured it with the tape measure hanging around her hip and removed the pin, jotting the numbers on a tablet.

"Quarter turn," Lexi said. "You're going to make it to see the house day after tomorrow, right?"

Rubi crossed her arms to keep them out of Lexi's way. "Yes. How many does this make now?"

Lexi shot her a look from her spot on the floor and muttered around the pins between her lips, "Eight."

Jax wanted Lexi to move in with him, but his Malibu house was too far from Lexi's studio to be practical. He'd talked her into looking at houses with him, but the whole thing made Lexi as jittery as Wes made Rubi. In this way, they were similar. Their scare-levels of commitment might differ-for Lexi it was the financial commitment, for Rubi, the emotional commitment-but the fear was the same.

"What's going on with you and Wes?"

Rubi's jitters returned, and she had to fight to keep still. "I don't know. It's...maddening. He's maddening. I keep pushing him away, and he finds all kinds of manipulative ways to get even closer. He's a conniving little shit."

Lexi laughed as Rubi made another quarter turn and Lexi smoothed her fingers across the lace band over Rubi's hips. "You like him."

A little too much girly giddiness filled Lexi's voice and sent an uncomfortable shiver down Rubi's spine. "Of course I like him. I wouldn't hang out with all of you if I didn't. We're great as friends, but you know I'm not going to stay with one guy. We both know what happens when I try that."

"We know what used to happen. You're a different woman than you were five years ago. Don't try to feed me that shit."

"It's not shit. It's real. And I'm not that different. Even the thought of a week down the line sets off an anxiety attack."

"I get it," Lexi said. "I feel the same thing. Daily. But you work through it. One day at a time. Because a good relationship is worth it."

"I'm not you, Lex."

She laughed softly, shaking her head. "No, you're so much stronger. So much smarter. So much...more."

The affection in Lexi's voice warmed Rubi. She thought back to the same loving tone in Wes's voice and her chest tightened up. Frustration clenched her jaw. She didn't want to feel like this. She just did. And the lack of control over her emotions added fuel to her self-directed anger.

"He's suggesting a friends-with-benefits arrangement," Rubi said.

Lexi's fingers paused. Her big blue eyes held surprise and disbelief as they lifted to Rubi's. "Wes?"

"Yeah, that was my reaction."

Lexi pushed to her feet and folded a pucker in each bra cup, pinning it. "Okay, corset's next."

Rubi stepped into Lexi's tiny bathroom and changed the bra and panties for a corset and new panties. Every piece in Lexi's signature line was done in crimson leather. Buttery soft, thin, embossed crimson leather, and the feel and scent made Rubi high.

She squeezed her boobs into the push-up cups and held the sides as she returned, her high heels clicking over the hardwood floor. She turned her back to Lexi, who tightened the crisscross lacing along the spine. Rubi faced her, and Lexi lowered to her knees again.

"I can't really see a friends-with-benefits thing working with you two," Lexi said. "I mean..." She shook her head, shrugged. "Shit, I wish you'd just go for it with him."

"That's your romantic side talking, not your realistic side."

"How is that not realistic? You've never gotten along better with someone. Never been so close with a man for so long with such good results. In some ways you two are so alike it's frightening. In others you're so opposite you complement each other perfectly."

"You're kinda freaking me out. Can't you just tell me it's the stupidest idea ever and leave it at that?"

"I think friends with benefits is the stupidest idea ever, how's that?"

Rubi closed her eyes and made a supremely frustrated sound in her throat. "You're right. And it's not what he wants. I don't know why he'd suggest it."

When she made the final turn to face Lexi again, her friend was staring thoughtfully up at her. "He's either testing new waters-which is rather obvious by going for you and not one of his typical sweet girls-"

"Hey." Rubi laughed out the word.

"You know what I mean. Or...he's looking to hook up with you because you're hot, and he wants to tide himself over until he finds another one of those sweet girls to settle with."

"True." Rubi's lips twisted in consideration. "I don't know how I feel about that."

"Or"-Lexi pushed to her feet-"he's as crazy about you as you are about him, and he's taking what you're willing to give because a spoonful of Ben and Jerry's is better than nothing."

"Would you stop saying I'm crazy about-"

"If Bolton starts another fight tonight"-Wes's angry voice pierced the space between the studio's main floor and the loft-"I'm quitting this f**king movie, dude."

"Shit." Rubi stiffened. "What's he doing here?"

"I don't know. But Jax told me MacKenzie wants him to watch Bolton again tonight."

A ribbon of unease followed the lacing down Rubi's spine. "Not a great idea."

"I know this sucks," Jax said from below. "But MacKenzie had a long talk with him today. He's promised to be on his best behavior."

"Then he doesn't need a f**king chaperone." Wes tossed back.

Rubi stepped up to the railing.

"At least come with me, dude," Wes said. "Go change and grab Lexi and get a night out. Then you can save him when I've got my hands around his neck."

"Lexi's doing the fitting with Rubi, and I've got to work up this bid by eight a.m."

A slight hesitation, then, "Rubi's here?"

Rubi closed her eyes and hung her head.

She'd been with him half the day. She'd called it quits when the fight scenes had moved outdoors and he'd practiced the moves with Keaton shirtless-beneath the blazing late-summer sun with sweat slicking his tanned skin. The thought made every cell in her torso ache. She needed some freaking space and had been looking forward to a night of relief from the heat he stirred inside her.

"Where?" Wes asked, the anger draining from his voice. "Upstairs?"

"Don't go up there, dude," Jax said. But by the way he raised his voice, Rubi knew Wes was already headed her way.

"Wes, stay out." Lexi swung toward the stairs. "We're not decent up here."

He stopped on the top step, still head and shoulders above Lexi. He was grinning as he gripped her upper arms and set her aside so he could pass. "That's just how I like Rubi best-indecent."

Rubi huffed a laugh and leaned against the railing. "Don't bother, Lex. He seems to do whatever he pleases nowadays."

His gaze darted toward her voice, and he froze. One hand gripped the side rail, the other landed flat against the wall. His shocked gaze slid over her from shoulders to toes and heated Rubi everywhere. The shock quickly shifted to pure lust, and his gaze returned to hers.

"If that were true, baby," he said, "I'd have done you by now."

Rubi laughed. That comment probably crossed the friends line-even though they'd flirted like this before anything changed, but the man never failed to make her smile.

"You are such an ass**le." Jax appeared behind Wes, averting his gaze from Rubi-although she was wearing far more than she did on the beach in her bikini. "You're about to get an attitude adjustment."

"You can do that later." Lexi fought a smile and pushed past Wes, taking Jax's arm and pulling him behind her. "Come downstairs with me."

Jax's and Lexi's voices faded and a door downstairs clicked closed. Wes still hadn't moved. His gaze hadn't stopped inventorying every inch of her body. And his gaze wasn't the only thing heating her from the inside out.

He looked spectacular. He wore black suit pants, a black suit jacket, and white dress shirt, every piece hanging perfectly on his muscled frame. His hair looked damp and was combed off his face, but he hadn't shaved, and the day's golden stubble dirtied his jaw.

"Well, don't you look"-Rubi caught herself before she said edible and replaced it with-"amazing?"

He'd never looked sexier and Rubi had urges she'd never had before. Urges that included more than simply f**king him. She wanted to undress him slowly, not rip his clothes off. Wanted to explore his body, not just use it. Wanted to laugh and tease and please him in bed, not just get it done so she could move on.

Every thought terrified her more than the last.

"You weren't kidding when you said you didn't follow rules," she said.

His mouth kicked up in that sexy way that made her stomach float, and his fiery gaze wandered downward again with a look of longing both sweet and sultry.

"Are you just going to stand there and stare?" she asked. "It's kinda...rude."

His gaze drifted up and met hers. Those deep-gray eyes were heavy-lidded and on fire. "Would it be less rude to throw you down on the table and f**k you?" His rough words shot fire between her legs. Then he reached down with one hand and adjusted that amazing package. The sight sent her blood into a boil. "'Cause, I'm fully equipped and extremely capable."

Rubi's grin spread. "You definitely have no self-esteem problems, do you?"

He pushed up the final stair, eased his suit jacket back and planted his hands on his hips. "Give me a few hours alone with you, and I'll let you tell me if I should develop some."

He started toward her with a predatory look that pinched her belly with lust. Rubi held her ground but gripped the railing so tight her fingers tingled from the blood loss. When he was within five feet, his scent drifted to her. Clean, spicy, sexy. It curled around her, along with his body heat, and made her dizzy.

He closed his hand on the railing an inch from hers. "I don't think I told you how adorable you looked on set today."

Humor tickled Rubi's gut. "Jeans and a T-shirt? That's adorable?"

"Tight little jeans that hugged your awesome ass. That diamond in your belly button teasing me. And a T-shirt that clung to every last perfect curve. Then there were those pretty toes of yours. I might be pushing that friend boundary a little here, but what I've got planned for those sensitive toes has given me a hard-on I've been living with all damn day. "Now I'm really crossing the line...because we're alone...and because I really want sex..." He took her wrist, covered her hand with his, and pressed her palm to the front of his slacks, then curved her fingers over his package. "And I'm hoping you do, too."

Rubi gasped and pulled back, but Wes's heavy hand covered hers and guided it along his length. His entire length. Which kept going. And going. She thought she'd gotten a good feel for him at the club while he'd been grinding against her ass, but...no. She was getting a literal firsthand take of the thickness, length, hardness, and heat of his cock.

A wickedly urgent need closed her throat. Oh, yeah, she wanted sex.

"Baby," he said, his voice soft. "Are you drooling?"

Rubi's mind righted from its sideways slide, and she found herself feeling him through his pants, no help from Wes necessary, although his hand still covered hers. Christ, he felt...delicious. A heavy weight lay at the bottom of her belly, casting heat between her legs.

"I...um..." She lifted her gaze. His expression was tight with desire. "Might be..."

Wes laughed, the sound rolling into a groan as he pulled her hand away. "Just one of your many benefits." He threaded their fingers and brought her hand to his mouth for a kiss. "To do with as you please."

A laugh curled in her throat. He might be acting sweet now, but she'd seen his many sides, and she'd bet he could be a very intense lover. She'd never thought any man would be too much for her to handle, but something about all his facets made her wonder.

His free hand lifted, and he skimmed the back of one finger along the curve of her breast at the corset's edge. The featherlight touch sent gooseflesh across her chest. Her ni**les puckered, and the crimson leather showed every last curve of the hard nub. He watched the reaction with a hunger she felt all the way through her.

"You are so sensitive," he murmured. "If I dropped to my knees, would you take pity on me?"

Want swept through her in a fierce wave. Her eyes fell closed as she whispered, "There would be no pity involved."

Air whooshed over her skin, and she opened her eyes. Wes was on one knee in front of her, one hand still gripping the railing, his other sliding around her waist. Rubi gasped at his touch. Every inch of her skin tightened in a ripple of pleasure.

His body remained perfectly still, his hand adding the slightest pressure to her lower back and drawing her belly toward his mouth. His warm breath touched her like fingertips, and she watched as he tipped his head, lowered those golden lashes, and opened his mouth against the strip of skin exposed beneath the edge of the corset.

Something tender and impossibly warm squeezed her heart so hard her chest ached. Something that definitely didn't fall into the friend or sex category. Then the sensation of his mouth on her skin registered, and white-hot lust slid low, pooling between her legs.

"Oh hell," drifted from her mouth in a desire-filled exhale.

A door downstairs opened, and Jax's and Lexi's voices touched Rubi's ears, dragging her back from the blissful place Wes had taken her. Somewhere she desperately wanted to stay. But all her doubts from the past washed in, cooling her heat.

She combed a hand through his hair, slid her fingers under his chin, and lifted his mouth from her belly. With regret thickening her throat, she ran her thumb over his rough cheek.

"Find a girl tonight, Wes," she told him, serious, resolute. "Because I can't do this. Nothing's going to happen between us."

"You can. I know you can." Wes released the railing and rose. His voice was soft and understanding as he drew her close and kissed her lips with a murmured, "Plenty has already happened between us. And it's just the beginning."

"Wes, get down here," Jax said from the bottom of the stairs. "Lexi and Rubi need to work. And you need to get your ass to Lure before Bolton does something stupid."

He turned and started for the stairs. With his foot on the top stair, he glanced back over his shoulder, but his gaze didn't slide down her body as she expected. "Come keep me company when you're done here."

"No. I need some space."

He held her gaze, and she swore she could see the reality of their situation solidify in his eyes. He glanced toward the floor and gave one nod before turning away and trotting down the stairs.

Rubi's entire chest swirled with confusion, frustration, and loss.

She didn't hear the words Wes and Jax exchanged, but she flinched when the door to the shop shut, signaling Wes's departure.

Lexi climbed the stairs, picked up another style of lingerie, and wandered over to Rubi. "I've always stayed out of your sex life, haven't I?"

Her gaze tore from the location she'd last seen Wes and jumped to Lexi. "What?"

"I've never told you what I think you should or shouldn't do. Never nagged you about sticking with one guy. Never even whined about never getting to meet any." She offered the lingerie to Rubi. "But this time, Rubi, this time, I really think you're making a mistake."

"Why would you say that?" Rubi scowled at her friend and took the lace from her hand. "We both know what would happen. I'd screw him once...okay, maybe twice, because he'd just be that damn good, and then I'd walk away. He'd be pissed and hurt. And how do you think he'd feel about hanging with me then? It would ruin what we have, Lexi-this comfortable, fun foursome. And imagine when he finds another girl and wants her to hang with us. God, what a mess."

She strode into the bathroom and stripped the corset from her body. Her heart was beating too fast. Her breathing too shaky.

In the other room, Lexi said, "And what if the sky falls tomorrow?"

She wiggled into the translucent bra bordered in leather. Damn, Lexi made the most beautiful creations. "The chances of the sky falling are about one zillion to one. The chances of things going bad with Wes are 100 percent."

"There is another side to those what-ifs," Lexi said. "Like, what if...you screwed him once...okay, definitely twice, because he would be that damn good, and you didn't walk away? What if...you stayed long enough to figure out if he's everything you want and need in a man? What if...now I'm going out on a limb here...you actually admitted to yourself that you're already half in love with the man and could easily finish falling if you even just tried on this friends-with-benefits deal?"

Rubi stepped out of the bathroom with what felt like a boulder in her chest. She could barely breathe. Both her fight and her flight reflexes were now amped to full power, gushing adrenaline into her chest. "You just told me you didn't think it would work."

"Not long-term, no. But I think it would give you the safety net you think you need to try with Wes."

She was starting to sweat. Her heart beat even harder. "You're delusional. Love has infected your brain. Just because you're head over heels with Jax does not mean the rest of the world has changed. I have definitely not changed. I've never been a forever type of woman. Hell, I've never even been a more-than-a-month type of woman. And for the last five years I haven't even been a more-than-one-night type of woman."

Fear eclipsed her thought process. She had to work hard to think in a straight line. Extra hard to keep her arguments together. Because now that Lexi had gone and voiced those what-ifs that Rubi had suppressed in her subconscious, she couldn't ignore them.

"Going around and around about this is just confusing you," Lexi said. "You're living off a script you put in your head a long time ago, one that doesn't apply to who you are now."

Lexi lowered to her knees again. Rubi knew she was blowing a chance with someone special, and that hurt. But she could handle being hurt if that meant Wes wasn't. She could-she had to-let a chance with Wes pass if that meant he didn't get damaged by her issues. As long as she was blowing it for herself and not for Wes, she could handle it.

Rubi turned according to Lexi's gestures. As her friend pinned an area in the back of the bra, Rubi pressed a hand to her stomach. She didn't like this. She didn't want this. She just wanted to stay in her safety zone and keep Wes in his own safety zone.

"Just in case you were wondering," Lexi said, "the reason you're all jittery and sweaty and can't think straight is because you're crazy about him. Because you care. Because he matters. None of the others did. That alone should tell you everything you need to know."

That was information Rubi didn't need. And bringing it out in the open like this only complicated all her current struggles.

Yeah, she definitely needed some space.

Eight

Wes stopped the truck along the curb in front of Lexi's studio, and the sight in his left eye blurred. Hard to believe he'd been in perfect health when he'd left here just four hours ago. No broken bones, no bruises, no blood-all of which he had now, after a few hours with Bolton.

He was relieved to see a light still on at almost one in the morning and pulled his phone out to text Jax.

WES: Are you and Lexi up?

JAX: The woman never sleeps, which means neither do I. Where are you?

WES: Outside.

JAX: Come in.

Wes pocketed his phone. The movement shot pain through his shoulder. "Fuck."

Rage kicked into a boil again. He was livid. In fact, he couldn't remember the last time he'd been so angry.

He put all his focus into moving without splitting his head open. The whole left side of his head and face throbbed with each pulse of blood.

Jax came to the studio's entrance in gym shorts and a T-shirt and jerked the door open. "Do you need to go to the ER?"

"No." His disgust came out in that one word. "I need ice and painkillers."

Jax turned away and started through the downstairs studio toward an employee break room. "What happened?"

"That f**ker Bolton happened."

Wes passed through the decadently appointed main salon where ornate wedding dresses lined racks on the walls and dressed mannequins. Everything in the studio was shiny marble and plush carpeting, upscale carpentry and thickly padded seating arrangements. This was, after all, a millionaire's mecca for the most elite, haute couture, and couture wedding fashions.

A full-length mirror caught his image, and Wes stopped. "Ah, shit."

He brushed at the blood on the front of his white shirt and cursed the producer of the film. Again. Wes had often played unofficial bodyguard to a star he was doubling. Personal protection was one of the professional hazards of a stuntman. Men who defied death and dismemberment daily were typically smooth mediators and confident fighters, which kept unruly fans away. Or, in Bolton's case, kept the actor reined in. But Wes had never doubled a star this messed up. Bolton seemed bent on beating every man he came into contact with and talking dirty to every woman within earshot-all after just three drinks.

"I'm adding a new shirt to the bodyguard bill. MacKenzie now owes me over three grand in payoffs, and this is a fifty-dollar shirt. Oh, and by the way," Wes added as he eased to the corner of a desk chair and laid his forehead on folded arms, grimacing against the pain, "I quit."

"You're not quitting."

Wes lifted his head as Jax returned with ice in a plastic bag. "Why the hell not? You're not the only game in town, Chamberlin."

"Sit up and stop whining." Jax laid the ice pack over his swelling eye, and Wes swore. "Hold it there, and I'll get some meds."

Jax turned toward the main salon and the stairs to the loft, but Lexi appeared with a bottle of Advil in one hand, a bottle of water in the other. "Here."

The sight of her brought back Wes's other biggest frustration. "What did you tell Rubi, Lex? She's trying to put the brakes on us again."

"Hey," Jax barked at Wes. "Watch your tone."

"Stop," Lexi said. "Both of you." She looked at Wes. "I didn't say anything negative to Rubi. I said just the opposite. She has a tendency to turn things upside down when she's stressed."

He swallowed the Advil and drank half the bottle of water, now even more pissed he had no direction for his anger. Setting down the bottle, he muttered, "Thanks."

"Where's Bolton?" Jax asked. "And what the hell happened?"

"Bolton's in jail."

"What?" Jax planted his hands on his hips. "You were supposed to prevent that."

Wes already felt bad enough. He slammed the ice on the desk and glared at Jax through his right eye. Lexi gasped in horror at the sight of his face. "I could have if he hadn't had a f**king dime of coke in his pocket. Or if the woman he groped would have taken my money instead of pressing charges. Some things are out of my control. Besides, the f**ker deserves to spend the night with lowlifes for starting the goddamned brawl that landed me this eye. And I'm warning you now, if he tries to take credit for giving it to me, I'm going to leave him looking twice as bad."

Lexi stepped between them. She wore white sweatpants that hit her midcalf with the word PINK curved over the ass in-of course-pink, and a matching pink tank. Her hair was up in a messy bun, her face pristinely clean of makeup. She looked every bit the sun-kissed Kentucky farm girl of her roots.

"Relax, both of you," she said. "Jax, why don't you make whatever calls you need to make and I'll clean Wes up."

Jax ran both hands through his hair. "This is insane. I'll find a way to shoot every one of his scenes without his face in it if I have to. That's why you're not quitting, Lawson. Once Craig and MacKenzie get wind of Bolton's shit, they're gonna want to make you into the next f**king Hollywood star."

He pulled his phone from his pocket and stalked into a quieter area of Lexi's studio.

Wes yelled after him, "I don't want to be the next f**king Hollywood star. I just want to do my goddamned stunts without an ass**le causing trouble." He fisted the ice bag and gestured toward Jax's back. "Coke, dude. He was carrying a bag of f**king cocaine. Do you realize the mess that could have gotten us all into if he had it on the set? Or if he used before a f**king stunt?" His blood boiled with the ramifications. "Someone could die."

As soon as he stopped yelling, the pressure in his head subsided, leaving a residual throb he felt all the way to his teeth. He groaned, closed his eyes, and let his head fall into his hands.

"Shh, Wes." Lexi's hushed voice instantly cut his tension. She put a hand on his shoulder and tilted his face up toward hers with two fingers. "He understands. He'll take care of it."

Wes let his anger ebb, closed his eyes, and blew out a breath through his teeth. "Sorry I got mad at you." He opened his eyes and winced. "You're not going to pin my mouth closed, are you? I don't think I could take it."

Lexi burst into laughter, her blue eyes sparkling. "Shut up."

"Does that translate into forgiveness?"

"There's nothing to forgive. I'm going to get the tackle box."

"Oh no," Wes groaned as she disappeared into the break room. "Not the tackle box."

"Yeah, Ted," Jax's voice, heavy with turmoil, came distantly from the other room, "we've got a problem."

Wes's shoulders sank-Jax hadn't called the director, MacKenzie, he'd gone straight to the top and called the producer, Ted Rimer.

Wes put the ice on the desk and laid the left side of his face on the bag. Pain shot through his eye, his temple, his brain. "That f**ker better stay in jail."

Lexi set the tackle box on the desk in his line of sight. "Quite the little temper you've got there, Mr. Lawson."

"Stupidity and laziness chap my ass."

"I can see that."

She opened the huge box and pulled out all sorts of shit. Wes just let his gaze blur. Lexi had created the first aid kit shortly after she'd started dating Jax and realized that every injured or troubled Renegade ended up on Jax's doorstep at all times of the day and night.

"You're the f**king best thing to ever happen to that man," he mumbled. His cheek and tongue were starting to swell, and he sounded drunk. He wished he were. This would all hurt a hell of a lot less. "Actually, you're the best thing to happen to Renegades, period."

"He's the best thing that's ever happened to me too. And I guess you Renegades are okay, even if you do keep trailing blood through my studio. Bring your head up."

Grimacing at the ache in his neck, Wes obeyed. Now that his adrenaline had receded, all the tweaks and pains were blaring like bright lights.

"What can I do to become the best thing that ever happened to Rubi?"

She paused her inspection and met his eyes, her gaze thoughtful. "I...don't really know how to answer that. As much as I think I know what she needs, she has to be the one to accept things and people into her life. Jax is only good for me because I let him in."

"Not encouraging," Wes grumbled.

She soaked a cotton ball with hydrogen peroxide and wiped at blood on his nose. The skin beneath Wes's eye flinched at the sting. "I don't think your nose is broken. It's pretty straight, and it doesn't look like it's bleeding, but you've got a nice cut across the bridge. Rubi will probably think that's all kinds of sexy."

Wes laughed. The movement sent pain shooting through his face, and he groaned. "Oh hell, don't do that."

"Sorry." But there was humor in her voice. "Let's see the eye."

When Wes lifted the ice, she sucked a breath through her teeth.

"This I'm not so sure about," she said. "You could have a broken something in there somewhere."

"Don't quit your day job, Lex."

She flashed a grin. But it melted away quickly, and her gaze went distant and worried as she continued to clean his wounds. "It's no secret that Rubi's father wasn't much of a father. And you know she never had a mother-at least not one she remembers."

"But neither did you, from what I've heard."

"It's true that I didn't have a father and my mother was an alcoholic, but the kind of neglect I suffered was different from Rubi's. I had a little brother to take care of, and I had to mother my own mom when she was drunk. I was responsible for my family, which made me grow up very fast. Rubi grew up fast in an entirely different way. She didn't have anyone who cared about her and no one to care for. I was rarely alone, where Rubi was always alone. And, honestly, we both have similar issues when it comes to commitment."

Neglect.

That term hit Wes square in the forehead, confusing him. When Rubi spoke of her childhood it was in wild stories of how she'd abused the freedom every kid wishes they had, not of being alone. And she'd certainly had every material desire. Not the standard someone thought of as neglect.

"I don't understand," he said. "You and Jax are always together unless you're working. He's never been happier. What kind of commitment issues could there be?"

She lifted her brows with a smirk. "He hasn't been bitching about the house situation?"

"I thought you two just hadn't found the right fit yet."

Lexi mopped up more blood. "He's a prince. Finding the right fit isn't really the problem. I am." She sat back appraising his face, then going back to work on his temple. "Part of my issues stem from growing up poor. So poor, some days we didn't eat. When we did, I saved most of my food for my brother. My childhood was spent in survival mode. I lived from one crisis to the next. That life was imbedded into me for sixteen long years before I left. Then I was on my own-too young.

"That all makes me incredibly...miserly. My bank account may tell me I can afford an apartment, but my subconscious says no way." She waved toward the loft above the main salon where she'd lived for years before Jax. "My subconscious says this is all I can afford because I never know where the next meal is coming from. Or the next rent payment. Or the next client. Every financial decision I make is excruciating. And no matter how much therapy I get, no matter how much my life has changed or how many zeros show behind the number in my bank account, there will always be a part of that kid inside me subconsciously living in a constant state of lack."

Wes's chest had grown tight. His mind flashed between images of this beautiful, sweet, accomplished version of Lexi and a frightened little girl taking care of a drunk mother and young brother.

"So," she said, "when Jax keeps taking me to these million-dollar homes..."

"It freaks you out."

"It's not something someone who's had a normal upbringing would understand. Even those of us who suffer from the fears don't always understand. A lot of the time, there is a constant inner struggle going on-our minds telling us one thing, but our feelings telling us another."

"But you and Jax...you two are solid, right?"

Her smile was soft. "We are. But that doesn't mean I can just erase all my ingrained fears. I'm still struggling with them, and Jax is doing a damned good impression of a saint, helping me with them too."

"So, how does this work for Rubi?"

"She grew up with her father leaving her at the drop of a hat. And often without telling her. He just wouldn't come home. She lost nanny after nanny because her father is a bastard and a womanizer, so she never got close to any. He never showed up to a school event. Never showed up to any graduation, not even for the bachelors and masters he paid for. He never once remembered her birthday. As you can imagine, her early relationships with men didn't go well, because she'd never been shown how a decent relationship worked. But all that has scarred her. The fact that she's pushing you away tells me just how important you are to her. Maybe too important."

"How could I be too important?"

"It's easy to screw around with people you don't care about. There's nothing at stake. But playing that game with someone who fills a special place in your life? Someone who could leave a hole in your heart if he vanished? That's a huge risk. Even more so to a woman who is extremely sensitive.

"Take my relationship with Jax, for example. I still love Rubi the same, still love being with her, but now I'm either working or with Jax. That doesn't give me much time with Rubi. She loves Jax and wants us together, but she's still struggling with a sense of abandonment. Where I used to be available to her anywhere, anytime, now I'm not. On a subconscious level, she's reliving the experience of having the main person in her life, one who is supposed to love and nurture her, pulling away. So the threat of giving a relationship with you a try coupled with the threat of having it not work out and losing your friendship in the process...is pretty terrifying."

Wes laid his head back down on the desk, more confused and discouraged by the moment. "What a clusterfuck."

Lexi ran the medicated cotton over the skin at his jaw, where some anonymous drunk f**ker who had no business getting involved had slammed his knuckles. Wes grimaced and reflexively turned away.

"Hold still," Lexi said. "It's hard to trust after a lifetime of extremes. Rubi's either been ignored to the point where she felt invisible or showered with fake, suffocating attention. You're the first guy who really sees her. Sees the woman beneath her looks and attitude, and appreciates her uniqueness. I think that's both what draws her to you and what scares the shit out of her."

Wes sighed and closed his eyes, exhausted. All he wanted to do was lie down with Rubi curled in his arms and fall asleep with his face buried in her hair. The mere thought pulled the stress from his muscles. Christ, that sounded like bliss.

He wondered if that would fall into the friend category.

Jax returned from the other room, a pensive look on his face as he inspected Wes. Then he glanced at Lexi and ran a hand over her back. "How does he look?"

She smirked and leaned into him. "Looks like he got into a fight. I might be able to sew you guys back together, but I don't have X-ray vision."

He lifted his chin at Wes. "How do you feel?"

"As good as I look. Why? What did Rimer say?"

"He says MacKenzie's told him you can act. Wants to know if I think I could coach you through the part."

Wes's mouth dropped open. "Holy-"

"Not the same pay as Bolton, but a hell of a lot more than I can pay you. If you wanted to act, dude-"

"No. How many times do I have to turn down a role for people to know I don't want anything to do with acting?"

"Believe me, I understand," Jax said. "But I don't want to be the one cheating you out of an opportunity."

"That's how Harrison Ford got his start," Lexi said. "Filling in for an actor when he was working on sets backstage. You could be the next-"

"No, thank you." He turned his attention back to Jax. "What's his plan B?"

"Rimer's at as much of a loss as I am," Jax said. "We're halfway through filming, and I won't have the budget back in line for another few months. Recasting now would mean rerunning the scenes with the new guy, which would push us over budget again." Jax rubbed a hand over his face. "Fuck."

Yeah, they'd definitely be f**ked. The realization of it showed on Lexi's worried expression. Jax had made a deal with Rimer when he'd taken the job. Another stunt company had run the film twenty million over budget and been fired. Jax had accepted the job with the understanding that Renegades would get paid 10 percent of the money he saved the production company by bringing the budget back into line. Refilming meant Renegades would lose two million dollars.

Two million dollars that would allow Jax to hire more stuntmen. Allow Jax more time with Lexi. Allow the company to grow and give them all steady, well-paying jobs.

"I'll make it work." Wes pushed to his feet. "I'll beat the guy into submission if I have to."

"Rimer's leaving him there for the night," Jax said. "He's got a guy-part counselor, part ass-kicker-to spend a day with him tomorrow. We'll have to switch up the filming schedule." He rubbed his hand along his jaw as he looked Wes up and down. "But it doesn't look like you're going to be in any shape to pick up more action scenes."

"Hell you say." Wes puffed up his chest and fisted his hands at his sides.

Jax grinned. "Knock it off. You're going to hurt yourself."

Wes sagged and winced, rolling his shoulder.

"Go on home," Jax said. "Sleep in tomorrow. I'll be revamping the schedule all morning."

Wes nodded and started toward the door but knew sleep wouldn't come easily tonight.

Nine

Rubi sank deeper into her plush sofa and spooned another mouthful of limited-edition Triple Chocolate Swirl Haagen-Dazs past her lips. The rich, decadent flavor of dark chocolate coated her mouth, and her eyes rolled back in pleasure. Hardly a substitute for the taste and feel of Wes's mouth, but...

She hadn't seen him or talked to him or texted him in almost twenty-four hours now. The longest they'd been apart in two months. He was giving her the space she'd told him she needed, but it didn't feel anywhere near as good as she'd thought it would. Nor was it as easy as she'd thought it would be. Especially not since Wes had moved into the bottom floor of Jax's house, just two miles down the beach. He was way too close. Way too accessible. And keeping her distance was...torturous.

She glanced down at the note he'd left on her car that morning, one she'd found in her pocket earlier.

WHEN I CLOSE MY EYES ALL I CAN SEE

IS YOU IN RED LEATHER.

On the sofa, at Rubi's side, her pup scooted closer and laid his adorable head on her thigh. A mix of lab, pit, and boxer, Rodie had a brindle-and-white face, big golden eyes, and lopsided ears that instantly lifted Rubi's mood, no matter what issues plagued her.

"Sorry, baby," she said. "Am I ignoring you?"

She laid her spoon against the carton's lid on the side table and ran her hand over Rodie's smooth head. Her gaze traveled over the still images of Wes's fight practice with Keaton from the day before where she'd storyboarded them on a corkboard across the living room.

Wes's intense expression absorbed her attention. So focused. So fierce. It sent tingles of heat low in her belly. Her gaze drifted over his body, his stance strong, one hand fisted near his face, the other arm outstretched in a strike.

She sighed, and doubt over any decision she'd made or might make in the future nagged. Damned if she did, damned if she didn't.

She let out a long, disgusted-with-herself sigh. Rodie imitated her, drawing her gaze to his. Leaning forward, she kissed Rodie's muzzle. His slim tail wagged, and his tongue swept across her chin.

"Your turn." Rubi set her carton on the side table and picked up his doggie dessert. Rodie licked his muzzle in anticipation.

She fed him a spoonful over the towel covering her leg, grinning at the way the strawberry-ice-cream-like treat coated his black whiskers until he got around to licking them clean.

Love filled her heart, the feeling so sweet, so consuming, tears rose to her eyes.

She absently scooped another heap of the doggie dessert for Rodie, watching as he gave himself a pink mustache while licking it off the spoon. But her mind was mulling over Lexi's words from the night before.

"You're living off a script you put in your head a long time ago, one that doesn't apply to who you've become."

Maybe, but change that involved personal risk was no easy feat. Sure, Rubi would push her new Aston over a hundred and fifty miles an hour for an adrenaline rush, she'd screw a new guy, a virtual stranger now and then, she'd rather work for herself than for a secure company, but those were all relatively calculated risks-and none, not one, involved her emotions. She didn't take risks with her emotions. And that was exactly what Wes wanted her to do. What Lexi pushed her toward. As if they both wanted her to continue her high-wire trapeze act after they'd taken away the safety net.

She set the ice cream on the table beside the sofa. "Enough thinking. Let's put this stuff away before we make ourselves sick."

As soon as she uncurled her feet from beneath her, Rodie jumped off the sofa, trailing her into the kitchen.

She opened the freezer at the same time she realized she'd forgotten the lids and spoons. As she turned toward the living room, a ping-ping sounded near the sliding glass doors leading to the deck and Malibu Beach beyond. The odd sound raised the hair on the back of her neck, and she immediately glanced at Rodie. He'd heard it too. His head turned that direction, his lopsided ears perked, his sleek, seventy-pound body of muscle tense.

Her heart kicked, but she talked herself down under the pretense of soothing Rodie, while shoving the ice cream into the freezer. "Shh, baby, just the wind."

A storm had been brewing, and wind off the ocean often kicked sand against the house.

Still, without stepping from the safety of the refrigerator, Rubi reached for the lights over the sink, the only lights on in the kitchen, and shut them off.

Ping-ping-ping.

A rolling growl started low in Rodie's throat, followed immediately by a vicious barking spurt. Rubi jumped. Fear skidded down her spine. Someone was out there. Rodie was never wrong. And he had his paws pressed against the glass now, his bark growing angrier.

Heart thumping, Rubi reached for her cell in her shorts pocket and realized she'd already changed for bed.

Feeling like an idiot, sure it was nothing but some late-night beach walkers, Rubi bent to conceal herself behind the kitchen cabinets and scurried back into the living room. When she reached for her cell on the coffee table beside her laptop, it was already ringing.

She looked at the display: Wes.

"Jesus f**king Christ." Relief and frustration merged. She pressed Answer and said, "Is that you giving my dog a heart attack?"

"Dude," he said, the word filled with utter disbelief. "You have a dog?"

It felt too damn good to hear his voice. "A dog who's going to rip off your face when I let him out those doors. You scared us. What is wrong with you?"

"He can have what's left of my face," he said, whatever the hell that meant. "And I didn't take you for a pet person. Maybe a cat, you know, some furry little princess, but a dog? Really?"

His total shock made a laugh bubble from her chest. "You ass**le."

She disconnected and walked toward the glass doors, where Rodie was snarling and barking. She reached down and curled her fingers into his collar, glancing through the glass. The sight of Wes's face shocked an ugly sizzle of fear through her chest. She jerked the door open.

"What the hell happened? Are you okay?" Rodie was still growling and dragged Rubi out onto the deck. "Rodie, no! Shit, Wes, are you okay?"

"I'm okay, baby." He sounded tired. Resigned. "It's old news. I thought Lexi would have told you about it by now."

"She's been busy all day fitting an entire wedding party, then went out to dinner with the family. What happened to you?"

"Nothing important. Let Rodie go. He'll love me."

She didn't have a choice. Rodie pulled from her grip. "Rodie," she warned, "be nice."

She watched carefully, ready to grab him again as Rodie approached Wes in a partial crouch, the hair on his back prickled into a stripe from shoulders to tail.

"Hey, boy," Wes said, his hand extended through the deck railing, not the least bit unnerved. "Aren't you handsome?"

Rodie growled low in his throat while cautiously sniffing Wes's hand. Wes was shirtless, wearing some kind of loose dark pants with a drawstring that hung entirely too low on that sculpted abdomen. And there was another bruise on his side.

"My God. I leave you alone for a day and look what happens."

"I know, right?" Wes grinned up at her. "The only solution is to never leave me alone."

The thought that he might not have gotten into a brawl if she'd met him at Lure instead of taking space made Rubi's stomach bunch. "Please tell me Bolton didn't do that to you."

His laugh was heavy with yeah-right attitude. "If he had, he'd have gone to the ICU instead of jail."

That dark streak he flashed every now and then never failed to shoot hot lightning through her body. Yet, in the next second he was cooing to Rodie like he had a heart as soft as a cloud.

"Jail?" she said. "Why didn't you use your bribing magic to keep him out?"

"Because security called the cops, and the cops found a bag of coke on him. No bribing him out of that. As soon as I saw uniforms, I stepped back and washed my hands of the f**ker. I might be slow, but I'm not stupid."

"What's going to happen to filming?" Rubi asked, immediately calculating the hit Renegades would take with a stall like this.

"Jax is working on it," he said while patiently letting Rodie smell him. "That's it. I probably look kinda scary right now, don't I? Are you keeping your mama safe? What a good boy."

His voice was smooth and light and calm. Within two minutes, Rodie's tail went from still as stone to a slight wag. Then his tongue lapped out against Wes's hand in a taste test. Rubi was about ready to do the same.

"What do you think?" Wes asked, his grin growing. "Your mama seems to like the taste of me."

Want fisted in her belly. Rubi clenched her teeth against the quickly climbing lust.

When Rodie licked Wes again, his laughter, light and joy filled, tightened her chest. Rodie's tail was now wagging ferociously, his tongue attacking Wes's face. "Hold on there, boy, my face isn't in any shape for that kind of attention."

While Rubi had been certain Rodie wouldn't bite Wes, she hadn't expected him to like the man. Rodie liked very few people other than Rubi. He was a rescue. A dog with a neglected puppyhood that made him protective and defensive, just like her. And, just like her, she realized with frustrated wonder, Rodie seemed immediately magnetized to Wes.

"Man, you're cute." Wes scratched Rodie's neck. "You're all bark, aren't you?" His gaze darted to Rubi again with that sexy, lopsided smile. "Lot like your mama, I think."

His gaze moved down her body, making her aware-and embarrassed-of her too-big, ugly T-shirt hanging to her midthighs and the crazy mess she'd made of her hair when she'd thrown it into a ponytail.

"If Bolton didn't give you that eye, what happened?"

"He's an angry drunk and started another damn brawl. Some other angry drunk got in a lucky shot while I was trying to stop the ass**le-Bolton in this case-from yelling obscenities and making it worse." He pressed his thumb against his temple with a look of pain flashing over his face. "I'm sure as hell glad you didn't come over like I asked. I might have become homicidal if I was worried about you."

After a lifetime of fending for herself, it felt good to have someone care about her safety and well-being.

"Come in, let me look at your face."

"I'm okay. Lexi patched me up last night," he said without moving from his spot behind the railing, "but I'd still like to come in, maybe get some Tylenol to layer on my Advil. This sonofabitch hurts more than it did last night." He hesitated. "If...I mean...I've given you enough space."

Too much damn space. "Come in."

He glanced down, then back to her face, unsure, and lifted the rig he'd built for his brother from where he'd been holding it down by his side. "Can we...maybe...talk about this?"

The tilt of his head, his open and hopeful expression, was the most adorable thing she'd seen since Rodie was a pup. And all this desire welling inside her was probably really, really dangerous.

"I knew I wouldn't sleep until this stopped throbbing"-he gestured to his face-"so I thought I'd take the chance you were awake. I wasn't sure if this was your house or not. They all look so different from the beach. But when Rodie started barking, I was sure I had it wrong. I was afraid I might be spending the night in jail."

"Come on." When she stepped aside to let him in, she saw shells strewn over the deck at her feet. "You threw shells at my window to get my attention? What are you, twelve? You didn't think to call first?"

"Sorry." He released Rodie and made his way to the bottom of the steps. His movements were slow and stiff. When he came around the banister, she saw he was barefoot, his pants rolled halfway up his shins and wet along the bottom. "I didn't think I'd scare you. I'm blaming it on the fight and a few rattled brains."

He paused, holding both sides of the railing as if giving her the chance to change her mind. But the sight of his swollen eye, the cut across his nose, that bruise along his ribs, turned her stomach inside out.

"Oh, Wes." She wanted to undress him, lay him on her featherbed, and kiss away every ache and pain. "Did you go to the ER? You could have some breaks-"

"No, I'm okay. Really. In the scheme of things, this is minor. If anything's broken, it's not something they could fix or cast. I've broken enough bones to know. But if my injuries make you go all soft, I'll take any pampering you want to give." He climbed the steps slowly, and Rodie went to meet him, tail wagging. "Tell me about this monster pup of yours." He reached down and scratched Rodie's head, the dog's lopsided ears waggling with the movement. "Those ears kill me."

"I know. Every time I look at him, I smile. I can't help myself. He's so damned adorable I can't imagine someone just locking him in a yard and leaving him."

Wes's gaze fastened on her. "What do you mean?"

"The guy who owned him as a puppy before he was taken away. More of a f**king animal than Rodie ever was. He put Rodie in a cement yard surrounded by chain link and just left him. Threw him food and water once a day and that was it. Rodie was out there alone twenty-four hours a day for the first six months of his life. Just a baby. Every time I think about it, I want to hunt that man down and chain him to the train tracks. Don't I, buddy?"

The pitch of her voice in the last sentence brought Rodie's head up, and Rubi leaned down to meet Rodie's kiss.

"A rescue," Wes said, a half grin of understanding on his face. "Somehow, that makes perfect sense. Was his name Rodie when you got him?"

"No. He was never spoken to, so he didn't respond to anything. I renamed him Gerodi, Italian for hero."

"Hero," he laughed to Rodie. "But no pressure, buddy. What is he?"

"Mutt, like me."

Wes crouched on the deck and scrubbed Rodie's body with both hands while Rodie panted, a look of bliss on his face. "Well, he's a handsome mutt. And big. What, sixty-five, seventy pounds?"

"Just under seventy when I took him to the vet last month. Are you a dog whisperer in your spare time? I've never seen him take to anyone like this."

"Grew up on a-"

"Farm," she finished for him, crossing her arms with a laugh. "I've heard."

The wind sprayed sprinkles across the deck, and Rubi turned inside.

"I've been wanting to see your house," Wes said. "Is it as amazing as Jax's?"

He stepped into the kitchen, and Rubi called Rodie in, then closed the door behind him.

A slow, low whistle slid through Wes's teeth. "Damn, girl."

Rubi glanced over the awesome kitchen space. Working at home, she spent a lot of time looking at the black-and-gold granite counters, polished slate floors, and rich walnut cabinetry, and never got tired of it. She'd lived in a lot of nice places, all around the world, but this-this was the only one that had ever felt like home.

He ambled in, sliding one of those talented hands across the smooth granite island at the center of the kitchen. "I knew you made bank with your apps and programs, but...not quite this much."

"It's not mine. I thought you knew that."

He glanced at her as he neared the table in the breakfast area. "For as well as we know each other, it seems there's a lot left to learn. Whose is it? Do you rent?"

"It's one of Dolph's two dozen homes." Rodie wandered to Wes's side, and he absently leaned down to scratch his ears, creating that blissful look on Rodie's face. Wes had definitely passed the Rodie test-one more reason for Rubi to fall for him. "I moved in a year ago, when my condo building was converted into luxury town homes, which I didn't want to buy in to. He's never even stepped foot in this house since he bought it. It was vacant for years before I moved in. I don't even know why he keeps it. I never planned on staying, but...now I love it. I don't want to live anywhere else. I've tried to buy it from him, but..." She shrugged. She really didn't want to get into that now. "Maybe he'll let go of it someday."

"I could see how it would be hard to leave a place like this." Wes laid the rig on the table. "It still so weird to hear you call your father Dolph."

"It's a strange nickname for Rudolpho, but everything he does is strange. And honestly, I think he changed it because Rudy is too close to Rubi and he's always wanted as little to do with me as possible."

"No, I mean... Never mind."

"That I don't call him Dad?" she asked. When Wes nodded, she said, "Well, he's never been a father, let alone a dad. I'd never call him either."

Reaching in the nearest cabinet, she pushed aside the Advil and pulled down a bottle of Tylenol, offering it to him. Then grabbed water from the fridge, returning to hand him the bottle.

With Rodie snuggling up to Wes like he was a long lost friend, Wes popped and downed the pills. She glanced at the rig, taken aback by its streamlined construction. "Let me go change, and we can talk about this."

When she turned, Wes caught her arm and pulled her into his body. She tensed, her hands pressing against his warm chest.

"You're wearing more than you were at the club. A hell of a lot more than that corset last night, which was mind-blowingly hot, by the way. Tell Lexi I'll be her first sale."

She slanted a saucy smile. "You'd look amazing in red."

He snorted a laugh, turned her toward the table, and eased her in front of him, wrapping her in his arms and setting the water on the table. With his chin on her shoulder, both of them looking down at the rig, he pressed his face to the curve of her neck. "I'd buy it for you," he murmured against her skin. "But I'll wear red if it turns you on."

His mouth eased over her skin while Rodie tried to push in between them at their feet. She relaxed into Wes. Her eyes slid closed, head tilted back to rest on his shoulder. She felt enrobed in his heat, his strength. She felt safe and loved and appreciated-things she'd never felt in a man's arms before. She'd felt sexy, desired, and needed-physically-with men in the past, but this was so different. So deliriously decadent.

And she was in deep, deep trouble. Because she wanted him more than she wanted to turn him away. His warm, hard chest pressed to the thin shirt on her back. He kept his hips against hers, his erection riding the low curve of her spine, and she wished there was nothing between them. Wished she could feel the length of him at her back, skin to skin.

"God you feel good. I feel like I haven't seen you in days," he said, his chin on her shoulder again. "Did you get enough space?"

"Wes..." That little burn of panic started along her breastbone. "I...don't know what I'm doing. I usually know exactly what I want. But I'm so torn, and I'm confused. It's not fair to you-"

He turned his head and kissed her, just a press of lips to shut her up. But the kiss turned instantly hungry, like that one taste had given them both reminders of what they'd been missing. Wes's tongue searched her mouth, and Rubi didn't resist like she should have. She tilted her head back and opened to him, relishing the sound of need vibrating in his throat. Then he pulled away just as quickly as he'd kissed her, leaving her lightheaded and lost.

"Oh, yum. You taste like chocolate." He pressed his face to her neck again, one hand deep in her hair, clenching, releasing, clenching, as if he were trying to get hold of himself. Then pulled back and looked into her eyes. "Baby, try not to think too much, okay? Let's just enjoy being together for now."

She returned her attention to the table, but his body was still plastered to the length of hers. "I can't think like this."

"Focus, precious."

Ten

Glancing over the rig again, Rubi was surprised by the addition of knee hinges. "You've done some work on it."

"While I was giving you space," Wes said, his voice wry. "I guess something positive came out of it."

A startled type of joy tingled in her chest-he'd taken her advice. She felt strangely...validated. Though hundreds of clients had paid her big bucks just to get her take on a project, the fact that Wes had done it warmed her in a way no paid project ever had.

"So, what do you think of the knee hinges?" she asked.

"They're good." He reached around her and worked one of the hinges open, tilting the apparatus so they could look directly into the space. "This one is the spring design, because that's what I had on hand. But I added electromagnetic mechanisms to the ones at the hip to try them out. It's a supersimple unit I rigged from a car starter."

Rubi shook her head, a slow smile growing. "If I said your ingenuity was making me hot, that would be weird, right?"

"Honey, if it makes you hot, and I'm doing it, that's not weird."

He could make her smile so easily.

Inside the hinge, the space was small, maybe three inches in diameter, with two rings of metal layered on top of each other, springs hooked to the discs and something small and mechanical at the center.

She recognized the rings as the pivoting pieces. The springs as the leverage. But pointed at the center mechanical device. "What's this?"

"A motor."

She glanced sideways and found his cheekbone less than an inch from her lips. "I thought you had it in the back."

"I did. But I tried out your suggestion and added motors at each hinge to see if that would increase the strength of the pivot. It worked, but not nearly as much as I'd hoped. The physical therapist said the best rig won't interfere with normal motion, so I'm trying to keep it small. She also said it was important for the rig to keep from causing other physical problems."

Damn. She was getting all soft again. He'd tried both her suggestions. "Like what?"

"I guess if the rig makes Wyatt use other parts of his body in abnormal ways, he could develop problems with his hips, upper spine, shoulders, even his neck. So she said the rig should be as small and as close to the human form as possible. The back piece"-he pointed to the area that connected the two thigh pieces and settled at the base of the spine-"houses the battery, which has an AC connector for recharging. Before I tried the smaller motors, it also held one larger motor that controlled the hinges remotely."

She stared at the configuration of the apparatus with a kind of wonder. All the metal was machined to ultrasmooth planes. All the screws and connection plates were recessed. Every plastic cover to the hinges fit perfectly. The damn thing looked like it had been made at a production plant and just pulled from its shipping box.

"Who helped you build this?" she asked.

"No one. Why?"

"Because it's... Shit, Wes, this is way more sophisticated than I thought. This had to be machined, engineered, built..."

"Troy's dad has a machine shop and lets me use it in off hours, nights, weekends, that kind of thing. I engineered it. Have to get some use out of that expensive education, right? As far as building it, I kept it as simple as possible. A few screws, a weld here and there. I'm a KISS kind of guy. It's sort of my life philosophy."

Wonder...no, awe...flooded her. She turned her head and found his lips right there, less than an inch away. So damn kissable. "Your education? What kind of education?"

"Engineering."

She leaned sideways, trying to get a better look at him. "You have a degree in engineering? From where?"

"University of Science and Technology in Missouri." He grinned down at her. "Not USC, but I did okay."

Her mouth dropped open. "How'd you know I went to USC? And why aren't you an engineer?"

"Jax told me. And because it's boring as hell."

"Then why'd you major in it?"

He grew thoughtful, his gaze turning back to the rig. "My dad thought I had a talent for it. Could fix everything on the farm, repair any kind of machinery from a bent shovel to a state-of-the-art tractor. And I loved to build things. Took welding, woodshop, and automotive all through high school." His voice was soft, contemplative. "I'm realizing I've lived a lot of my life to please my parents."

"Did it work?" she asked, thinking of how much of her life she'd done the same-and failed every damn time.

Wes laughed, but the sound was self-deprecating. "Right up to the day I told them my plans in Hollywood."

"Well," she said, turning back to the rig, "based on your rig design for Wyatt, I'd have to agree with your father on the aptitude part. You've got something really amazing here." She glanced at him again. "Do you realize that?"

The look he cast her was so deep, so genuine, and so...meaningful was the only way she could describe it, something twined around the pit of her stomach and squeezed. But the resulting sensation that oozed through her body was one of bondage, as if he were reaching inside her and tying off her lungs.

The twist of panic was familiar, but in a distant way. She hadn't let anyone this close in so damn long she couldn't gauge its severity. Couldn't tell if it was the kind that would fade in an instant or the kind that hung on, seeped in, and choked her when she least expected it.

His arms tightened around her, and his mouth lowered to her shoulder again. "I'm well aware I've got something amazing right here."

"I'm serious, Wes." She covered his arms and had to fight not to pry them away with some lousy excuse to get room. "I know craftsmanship when I see it, and this is really special. Have you thought of selling it?"

She'd never suggest he do business with her father, but her mind was already stirring up ways to at least use Dolph to gauge the market interest for the rig.

Wes pressed closer, and the way he fit so perfectly to her every curve and dip made her mind blur around the edges. His hands released her waist and slid toward her belly. Sizzles erupted lower and gathered between her legs.

His chuckle said the thought was ridiculous. "No, I'm not interested in selling this thing. It's just another one of my crazy-ass inventions. All I want is something that's going to work for Wyatt."

"You two are close, aren't you?"

"He's my big brother." His tone was soft, filled with meaning as if that statement should have said everything. "I've idolized him my whole life. My parents would never admit it, but I know they wished I'd turned out more like him."

"Then he must be something extra special, because it's impossible for me to imagine what more they could want in a kid." She ran her hands over his arms, turned her head, and kissed his cheek. His scruff was long enough to be soft beneath her lips. "Because you're a good man, Wes."

She deliberately extricated herself from his hold and sidestepped until they were three feet apart before she picked up the rig from the table and held it out to him. "Show me how it fits to you again."

A grin slanted across his mouth as he took the rig from her, his gaze sliding over the shirt clinging to her curves. "Will you get on your knees for me?" He swung the rig behind him, settled the crossbar low on his spine and the metal arms down the outsides of his thighs. "You'll have to strap me in while I hold it in place."

She took the straps attached to the crossbar at his hips and pulled them to the center of his body, pressing the Velcro together. Heat wafted off his body along with the scent of pure Wes and the ocean. If she didn't lower to her knees to get the straps of the thighs secured, she'd have to bend over, which would expose her bare br**sts beneath the too-big T-shirt.

She chose the lesser of the two evils and lowered to her knees.

"Oh baby," Wes murmured, his voice low and tight. "Do you have any idea what that does to me?"

The same thing it does to me.

She glanced at the thick, rigid line his erection created beneath his pants, remembered the feel of it in her hand. Against her ass. And grew wet. "I...think I might." But changed the subject quickly. "What's your next step with this?"

"Work those pants a little lower in front of your cute little nose, and I'll show you."

The will to keep him at arm's length-okay, maybe finger's length at the moment-was quickly fading. It took so much damn thought and effort. So much more than she had to give any other man.

"Because you're crazy about him. Because you care. Because he matters. None of the others did. That alone should tell you everything you need to know."

Lexi's words filled her head, and she suddenly forgot why-exactly-she was holding him away instead of grabbing this damn contraption and using it to haul his c**k into her mouth.

The thought caused an unexpected bubble of laughter to roll from her throat.

"What's that about?" he asked.

She lifted her gaze to his. "Nothing."

He reached out and skimmed the back of one finger over her cheek. "Give me a peek into that wicked mind, precious."

"Dangerous." She was growing freaking sick and tired of thinking about why she couldn't allow herself to have this decadent man. "So where are you going with this contraption next?"

"I was hoping you could tell me. I've taken it as far as I can on my own, and even implementing your suggestions, which were amazingly intuitive, by the way, it's still not what I envisioned, and I don't think it's going to be what Wyatt needs."

She pulled her lower lip through her teeth as she finished securing the remaining straps. She had her hands pressed to the inside of his thigh when she glanced up. His gaze looked more blue than gray tonight.

"There's a lot of untapped potential here," she said, slowing her hands to appreciate the hard muscle of his thigh beneath his pants. His thighs were rock hard and thickly muscled. Same with his calves. He had great legs-all three of them.

"To make the hinges stronger and allow more control over their movement, I'd suggest adding the computer chip I mentioned. You can use a software program to collect data from the muscle through electrical sensors on the skin. Then write another program to instruct the motors in the hinges to deliver two or four or a thousand times the energy the program collects and rotate the hinges."

Fastening the last strap, she inspected the rig, her mind unfolding connection ideas. A spark of excitement grew as she took a closer look at the canvas straps he'd used. "You could use the same elastic belts they use in polar transmission to-"

"Hold on," Wes said. "Polar transmission?"

"You know the way those heart monitors work, the ones runners strap to their chest to determine heart rate?" She waited for a nod, then said, "That's polar technology. It simply uses an elastic band to hold the imbedded chip that collects heart-rate data against the skin and transmits back to the main unit."

His gaze cleared, and a hot smile curved his mouth. "If I said your ingenuity was making me hot, that would be weird, right?"

She laughed and sat back on her heels, imagining the setup. "Wow. Now that would be slick. If you imbedded the force sensors into the band, you wouldn't have to worry about wires or-"

"Force sensors?" His eyes were wide, a little overwhelmed but intent.

"Force sensors will give you more specific pressure measurements than regular ones, allowing for more complicated and precise programming."

"Oh, man," he breathed. "Say polar transmission and force sensors again. That f**king turns me on."

She laughed, pushed to her feet, and crossed her arms.

"Move in it," she said, stepping to the side to watch the action of the uncovered hinge.

Wes crouched slowly, then straightened and bent at the waist.

"Okay," she said when the mechanism moved as she'd expected. "But that's not how you're going to be using it, right?"

"No. Melissa's given me a list of exercises he'll be doing."

"Melissa?"

"His physical therapist. And for the first week or two, he'll only be walking when she does home visits."

"Okay, then, walk into the living room, lie on the couch, and show me a couple of the exercises."

He took a step toward the kitchen's exit. Rubi reached out and stopped him by the arm with a laugh. "Slow down. Walk like he's going to walk."

"Picky, picky," he teased, but slowed and shortened his step on the path to the living room. Rubi watched how the metal moved with Wes's body, watched how the straps interacted with his thighs and calves. So she didn't understand what Wes meant when he said, "This is an even more incredible view than Jax's."

She looked up and followed Wes's gaze to the wall of windows that faced the ocean. Only one light shone in the living room, so the darkness outside wasn't completely masked by the internal glow. The ocean beyond and the developing white caps were fully visible through the dark windows.

"It's a beautiful location," she said. "And the ocean calms me in a way I've never found with anything else. I love this house." She pointed to the sofa. "Lie down."

Wes turned a salacious grin toward her. "I love the way you think."

"Shut up and lie down."

"Damn, I think I love it when you get bossy too." Wes glanced at the crimson velour and hesitated. "I'm sandy and wet... And just looking at that...makes me want to test this rig out in all kinds of unintended ways."

"Just do it."

"Yes, ma'am." Wes stretched out, his long body swallowing the length. With a dramatic sigh, he clasped his fingers behind his head. The rig held tight to his pants, and they pulled lower on his hips, exposing that delicious area way below his flat belly button. Yes, definitely commando under there. Not a hint of boxer waistband anywhere.

"Like what you see, precious?"

She sighed, but it came out as a groan. "That body should be a registered weapon, Lawson."

"You've just made every five a.m. workout worth it."

"Get to work."

She forced her gaze to his legs as he pulled one knee at a time toward his chest. But the flex and release of his abs with the movements made her want to lick the dip and swell of every muscle on his body. Curl, release. Curl, release. She dragged her lower lip through her teeth. Lift, lower. Lift, lower.

She put up her hand in a stop gesture. "Fine. Enough. I have what I need. Just e-mail me a list of the exercises he'll be doing. I'll program the rest."

He rested his legs against the sofa. Kept his hands behind his head and stretched out. "What's the matter, Russo?"

"Not a thing," she said, voice heavy with sarcasm, and bent to take one last look into the open hinge. Wes reached out and grabbed her bicep so fast, she started at his touch. By the time she'd enacted some resistance to his tug, it was way too late. Wes dragged her on top of him.

"Wes." Rubi dug her knees into the sofa, straddling his hips, and pressed both hands against his chest, trying to push off him, but Wes was too strong.

"Relax. Stretch out. It's been forty-eight long-ass hours since I felt that beautiful body against mine. Besides, my head is killing me. I'm in no condition to maul you." All the humor had disappeared from his eyes. They were smoky gray and sensual, serious. "But a kiss would make me feel so much better." He eased her closer. "Just...one...kiss..."

Rubi's mouth hovered within a breath of Wes's, his steel-blue eyes looking deep into hers. "This is really what you came over for," she said, "isn't it?"

"Actually no." He lifted a strand of hair off her forehead, then let his finger slide over her cheekbone, down her jaw. "I came over to pick that amazing brain of yours, but baby, I think I've just run out of strength to resist you."

A warm spot opened in her chest, and with it, a flutter of panic. She was thrown into that impossible catch-22 again-wanting him, yet terrified of him.

And instead of continued coaxing, he simply lifted to meet her. His lips closed over hers in a possessive but gentle, kiss. And when his lips moved against hers, she couldn't fight the sensual feel of them. Or the craving that exploded at the feel of his tongue teasing her lips open. For a moment, Rubi forgot why she couldn't enjoy him. Forgot all about their differences, their challenges, all the reasons she needed to push him away. And her lips parted.

His tongue slid into mouth like it belonged there, and he sighed into her mouth. An unfamiliar sensation washed through her body, one that softened her muscles and eased her mind. She released the lock on her elbows, sinking into the kiss. He had a beautiful mouth. A sensual way with that tongue. His hands came up and framed her face instead of feeling her up. He held her there while he lightened the kiss, pulling his mouth from hers to sip at each lip, then trail kisses over her jaw and behind her ear.

Tingles spread across her skin, and Rubi shivered. She shivered. She never shivered.

"Wes." She sounded breathless and dazed, because, well, she was. The panic had softened, overtaken by the soft intimacy between them.

"Hmm..." he murmured as his lips started down her neck.

His teeth skimmed gently over her collarbone, and a sound ebbed from her throat, half sigh, half moan. Her sex ached, and she had to force herself not to lower her hips and press herself against the erection she knew was rock hard and waiting.

One hand moved down her back. She waited for him to grab her ass-that would be what she needed to wake up. To do what she knew she needed to do. But his hand shaped and molded her waist, her hips, back up to her ribs, floated down her spine. Never going for the take. He turned his head and planted soft kisses to the opposite collarbone. Rubi forced her eyes open. She was dizzy with lust. With affection. That warm space inside her continued to grow, and with it, an intangible sense of dread.

She needed to stop. He needed to stop. They needed to stop. Before this went somewhere it shouldn't and their friendship fell apart.

"Wes," she said again, searching for the strength in her arms to push back. "What do you want from me? I need to know. Are we going to just f**k and be done, or are we going to stay best fr-"

He tipped his head back and kissed her mouth again. Hungrier this time. Fierce. Possessive. Despite the shot of need traveling down her spine, Rubi pushed back.

Wes's eyes eased open, heavy-lidded, and he gazed up at her through his light lashes. "It doesn't have to be either-or, baby. We can have both."

Rubi stared down at him a long moment while her mind struggled. "You can have both," she said. "I can't."

"You're wrong." A familiar steely determination settled into his gaze. "You're damn wrong, Rubi. You know it, and that scares the shit out of you."

Damn right she was scared. She couldn't think when he was close. He had a way of getting under her skin and making her believe. Making her hope. And belief and hope had always ended in pain.

Rubi needed to break this damn spell he cast over her every time they were close.

She called in reinforcements. "Rodie," she said, still looking at Wes. "Kiss, kiss."

Rodie, who'd been lying beside the sofa, jumped to his feet, tail swinging, and planted his paws on the cushion. He went for Wes first-probably because Rubi was usually lying in that position when she set her computer aside and asked Rodie for kisses. His tongue rolled out and stroked Wes's cheek, his nose, his lips.

"Oh shit." Wes turned his head away, wiping his mouth with a grimace and laughing a groan as he released Rubi to fend off Rodie. "No. Down, Rodie. Stop!"

As soon as Rubi climbed off Wes, Rodie jumped up, and Wes's laugh rolled from his chest as he tried to hold the seventy-pound dog away from his lower body.

With his arms wrapped around Rodie, and Rodie still licking his face in thrilled frenzy, he pinned Rubi with a hot gaze. "You coward, using your dog like that. You should be ashamed."

She pushed the hair that had fallen from her ponytail off her face. "I like to think of it as smart, not cowardly."

"Pffft. Whatever." Wes pulled at the Velcro to take the rig off, while her gaze scanned that luscious body and she imagined him wrapped around her.

"Hey." His exclamation pulled her gaze up. He reached over and picked up the spoon off the ice cream carton's lid. "That's why you taste like chocolate. And eating straight from the carton, weren't you? Just admit it, Russo."

"So what?"

"So did you at least save some for me?"

She waved toward the kitchen. "Go ahead, take the rest home. You'll be saving me from myself."

He grinned, the sparkle back in his eyes. "If I can't have you, ice cream is the next best thing."

He jumped off the couch and disappeared into the kitchen, leaving Rubi shaking her head and smiling more than she had in months. She really had to get rid of him before she, he, they did what they both really wanted.

"I should have known you'd have some froufrou shit," he said from the kitchen around a mouthful. "Still, ice cream is ice cream, right?"

She rubbed both hands over her face before the comment registered, and she swung around on a gasp. "Wes, wait-"

She ran into the kitchen, took one look at Wes, and put her hand over her mouth. He had his back against the closed subzero stainless steel, a carton in one hand, a spoon in the other. He glanced up as she came in, licking the spoon, then dipping into the carton and pulling another pink mound from the container.

Rubi burst out laughing. She laughed so hard she doubled over, using the counter to hold herself up. She laughed so hard she couldn't breathe when he wanted to know what the hell was so f**king funny. She laughed so hard tears streamed down her face.

Wes chuckled at her with a perplexed look as he brought the spoon to his mouth again.

Rubi lunged, her hand reaching for him, laughing, "No!" She couldn't reach him across the wide island, but his hand froze on the way to his mouth. "Stop," she said breathless. "Don't eat...any more..."

And she collapsed on the counter in hysterics. And because she still couldn't speak, made her way around the island to turn the carton in his hand so he could read the label.

"Doggie...what?" Wes slammed the carton on the counter with a, "You've got to be f**king kidding me," and turned to the sink.

With the tap running, he shoveled handfuls of water into his mouth and spit it out. He was grinning, a disgusted, ironic grin that was impossibly adorable and stretched Rubi's heart so wide it hurt. By the time he hit the water controls to turn them off, Rubi was panting, leaning against the refrigerator, arms crossed over her belly. She couldn't speak past burning abdomen muscles.

"Dog ice cream?" Wes braced a forearm on the counter, one on the handle of the faucet. "I didn't even know such a thing existed."

"Lactose makes...dogs sick, and Rodie...loves...ice cream." Her answer made him shoot her a you're-going-to-pay-for-that look. She held up a hand and started laughing again. "You're the one...who didn't read..."

He spun toward her with hot eyes that burned through her body. With a hand planted against the fridge near her shoulder, he pulled the freezer door open and grabbed the other carton of ice cream. He read the front, closed the door, and wrapped an arm around Rubi's waist, sliding her body free of the refrigerator door and trapping her against him. He yanked the other door open with the same hand holding the chocolate carton.

"I knew it." He pulled something from the door, then slammed it closed. "You were seriously holding out on me."

"What?"

He lifted his hand, holding both the uncapped ice cream carton and a can of whipped cream.

She grabbed for the can. "Hey, that's for my coffee."

"It's for my ice cream now. You owe me."

"I don't owe you. You're the one that ate the dog-"

He leaned in and kissed her. She made a surprised sound in her throat. His mouth was hard, his lips plush. He pushed his tongue deep, and as soon as it touched hers, Rubi went limp. This wasn't the sweet, slow kiss in the living room. This was forceful, breathless, toe-tingling.

He lifted her by the waist and set her ass on the cool granite countertop. Rubi gasped and grabbed his shoulders as the force of the kiss pushed her backward.

The pop of a top sounded, and he broke the kiss. Keeping a tight hold on her waist, he leaned away, tipped his head back, and sprayed whipped cream into his open mouth until it overflowed.

"Don't. That's mine." She grabbed for the can, but he pulled it away. "I can't drink my coffee-"

He grinned. The whipped cream expanded in his mouth, drifting through his teeth, covering his lips and dripping down his chin.

Rubi burst out laughing again. Her stomach muscles burned, and she sagged against him. "You look...like you're...foaming at the mouth."

She closed her eyes and tried to catch her breath. The aerosol squirt sounded again. Cold streaked down her neck, and Rubi jumped. Wes pulled her thighs apart and hauled her to the edge of the counter to meet his hips, then followed the trail of whipped cream with his mouth.

"Oh..." That was just... "God..."

Wes growled and released her waist. Rubi caught herself with her hands on the counter behind her. Her heart beat fast and stole her breath. Wes jerked her shirt up, exposing her stomach and painted another line up the middle of her belly, navel to sternum. He pressed his mouth to her skin, warming the cold strip.

Excitement burned a path through the center of her body. She pried her eyes open to the sight of his blond head at her belly, licking and sucking the white foam from her skin, his eyes closed with a look of utter bliss. Heat pumped between her legs.

"Wes..." She groaned his name. "Jesus Christ..."

He jerked her shirt all the way over her head and pulled it down behind her, trapping her arms.

Shocked, she struggled against the shirt caught between laughter and frustration. "Wes, what the f**k?"

"Oh, God." His gaze scoured her bare br**sts. "So beautiful."

He sprayed a circle of whipped cream around one breast. Her nipple tightened and the skin of her breast tugged toward the center, creating a delicious sensation. A moan rose from her throat. Her brain choked on the raw thrill.

"Wes, we shouldn't-"

He licked off a section of cream, and his tongue swept across her nipple. Her pu**y surged with heat.

"Shouldn't what?" he said. "Shouldn't be friends?" He licked again, and Rubi fisted her hands against the granite. "Shouldn't enjoy the benefits of liking each other?" And again. Her whimper echoed in the room. "Shouldn't have fun?"

"Fuck... Wes..."

"Not quite yet, baby. But we'll get to that." He licked a circle around her breast, then closed his mouth over her nipple and sucked.

"Shit..." Her legs clamped around his hips and lifted into his erection. He groaned against her nipple and bit down gently. Lust stroked her pu**y, and she suddenly, unequivocally needed him inside her. She didn't give a damn about consequences.

When she reached for him, her T-shirt restricted her arms. She wiggled, trying to free herself, but one of Wes's hands held the shirt at her shoulder blades, keeping her trapped.

He chuckled and doused Rubi's other breast with another ring of whipped cream. "You're as delicious as I imagined."

He dove in like a starving man, let his teeth graze her skin. Sensation burned through her, every millimeter of her skin on fire. She tried to find leverage to rub her hips against him, but had none. God, she couldn't take this anymore.

"You win. You win, Lawson. I want you."

He lifted his head from her breast, a film of stickiness all around his mouth, his chin, his cheeks, and licked his lips. The whipped cream can hit the counter with a clink, but he didn't release her shirt.

He picked up the carton of ice cream and held it in her line of sight. "Did you eat all this tonight?"

"What-?"

"Did you?" he demanded.

"Yes."

"Because you want me and keep saying no?"

Her shoulders were beginning to ache. She repositioned her hands on the counter. "Yes."

"How long have you wanted me?"

"Since the airport."

"Still want this?" he waved the container.

"No. I want you. I just want you." She tried to lean forward to kiss him, but he held her in place. "Fuck me, Wes."

His body went loose. The cardboard ice-cream container hit the sink. Wes lowered his head and closed his eyes. "You have no f**king idea how long I've waited to hear you say that."

He lifted his head and met her gaze. His eyes were the color of storm clouds, deep charcoal gray. This skin over his cheekbones had gone tight, his lids heavy. He was the most beautiful man she'd ever known. And nothing had ever felt so right as saying yes to him.

His hand lifted, his fingers sliding over her lips. They were cold, and she startled. Then tasted chocolate. She opened her eyes and found his fingers covered in ice cream. She closed her eyes again and pulled his index finger between her lips, savoring the taste of the melting dessert on his skin.

"God, what a mouth," he said, his voice raspy. "Look at me when you do that."

She opened her eyes and met his gaze as she pulled one finger from her mouth and sucked another in. His gaze was dazed, his nostrils flared as he watched. When she'd licked them clean, she whispered, "Put it on your cock."

His hand moved back to the carton but returned to her body, not his own. He pressed a handful of chocolate ice cream to the center of her chest and she gasped-in both cold and shock. "Wes!"

His mouth turned in an utterly wicked grin, and he slid his cold, slippery hand down her body. She half laughed, half moaned. When his hand pushed beneath her panties and between her legs, she screeched and wiggled away. "Wes, shit."

She clamped her thighs, but they were locked around his hips. His hand moved freely in the most bizarre, erotic sensation. The freezing ice cream, his warm hand, the slide, the way his fingers stroked her. "Oh my God. I don't believe you."

He watched his hand disappear beneath her white panties with that sloppy, sticky mess. "I'll never look at Triple Chocolate the same way again."

"Come on, Wes. Let go of the shirt."

"I kinda like you helpless."

One side at a time, he dragged her panties off her hips and breathed a heavy moan when her pu**y came into view. "God damn."

He yanked her panties off her legs and, with his gaze locked on her pu**y, went for another handful of ice cream.

"Wes-" she said in warning, struggling to scoot back on the counter. "Don't-"

His hand pressed between her legs with a handful of cold chocolate. Rubi squealed, whimpered, pleaded. He ignored her. The touch of his hand was so deliberate, so confident, so perfect, the ice cream didn't even seem cold anymore. She was hot. Burning to have his c**k sliding between her legs. She fell back on her elbows, and lifted her hips.

His fingers stroked, confident, sure, then he pushed deep inside. An electrifying cold streak mixed with the blissful pressure, and she gasped. It was like nothing she'd ever felt before. And so strangely exciting.

He added another finger, and cold raced along her walls. His thumb caressed circles around her clit, freezing and stimulating at the same time.

"Wes, I can't..." She rocked her hips, trying for more friction, and growled, "Goddammit, Wes. Please."

A deep, hungry sound rolled from his chest. He released her shirt and gripped her hips with both hands, pushing her back on the counter. Her arm hit something near the cooktop, and it crashed to the floor. Nearby, Rodie barked, then whined. Wes spread her thighs with chocolate-smeared hands and bent, pressing his open, hot mouth to her pu**y.

Heat pierced the cold tissues, shooting a thrill through her lower body. Tightening her ni**les. The heat burned through her, sliding over her skin with a sizzling sensation. Her back arched in pleasure, and she slipped from her elbows, falling back on the granite.

Wes sucked all the chocolate he'd smeared on her skin as if he were starved. His hums and growls and moans of pleasure filled the room, mixing with her own. His mouth was as amazing as his hands. He stroked her with his tongue, a slow, strong swirl around and a around her clit, just enough pressure and play to push her higher and higher, but not enough to give her release.

She lifted her head, and the sight of those strong shoulders holding her thighs apart speared a current of lust straight between her legs.

"Wes..." She lifted her hips, begging for more. Wanting, needing to come.

His eyes opened, dark and hot, and watched her as he opened his whole mouth over her with pressure and heat and the frantic, strong stroke of his tongue.

"Ah..." Her eyes fell closed. Her back arched against the counter. "Yes. Yes."

Almost there, she was so close, just another few seconds of that tongue flicking and rolling her clit-

His mouth disappeared from between her legs. Rubi was so high, she took a moment to come down and open her eyes. Wes's chocolate-slicked hands stroked her inner thighs, his thumbs rubbing the outer lips of her pu**y. His dark eyes watching every move.

His handsome face was a chocolaty mess, but that didn't take any heat away from his fierce expression.

"God, you're beautiful." His voice was rough, quiet, as if he were talking to himself.

"Wes, don't stop." She pulled an arm from her shirt and grabbed his wrist, the only part of him she could reach, and held it firm as she lifted her hips. "Please..."

He exhaled and his lids lowered in an expression of combined ecstasy and need. "God, I love hearing you say that."

His fingers stroked the chocolate over her pu**y, then further, his fingers skimming her tight rear pucker. A joint jolt of cold and pleasure zinged across her nerves and made her gasp. Her muscles tightened.

"Man, what a mess I made." His voice lowered to a greedy whisper. "I'd better clean this up."

And he lowered his head again. The sight alone lit off sparks in Rubi's belly, but then he slipped his arm under her thighs and hauled her to the edge of the counter. He levered her thighs over his shoulders, raising her ass off the granite.

Rubi flattened her hands on the counter for balance. "Wes-"

Then the heat of his mouth was on her again, along with his hands. Light exploded in Rubi's brain and she fell back, mouth open, throat closed. His fingers, his lips, his tongue, stroked and touched her-everywhere. Teased her in the most sensitive, exhilarating places. Every fold of her pu**y, the pucker he'd toyed with at the club. His touch was wickedly decadent. And it all felt new. Wild. And naughty.

"Oh, God, yes." She used the leverage of his shoulders to lift into his mouth, into his touch.

His finger slipped back and forth over the area, slick with chocolate, while the fingers of his other hand worked gently, but deeply into her folds. His tongue tasted her everywhere, rough, gentle, teasing, working... But he ignored her clit.

"Wes, I can't..." She lifted into his mouth and was rewarded with strong lips tug, tug, tugging at her clit. "Fuck, yes."

She reached forward and grabbed a handful of his hair, holding his head to her as she lifted. Sensation ripped through her pelvis and thickened at her spine. She cried out in pleasure, in need. He pulling against her hold.

"No, don't stop." She'd never needed to come so badly in her life. "Please, Wes, don't stop."

"Shh." His gaze watched her intently as his fingers slid up to flank her clit and pushed her folds fully open. The other pressed firmly against her pucker. The tight muscle opened with a flash of ecstasy through her body, then tightened down. "Relax..."

The soothing, almost coaching tone of his voice made an unfamiliar sensation twist in her chest. Something both uncomfortable and warm.

"Just relax, baby, open to me, and ride my mouth."

With a tilt of his head, he pulled her clit between his lips and sucked. He eased his fingers deep inside her and pressed against that spot that made her back arch and pleasure spill through her body. Sensation bombarded her from every direction.

"Holy...fuck..."

Her fingers fisted his hair, her back arched off the granite and her hips pushed toward his mouth. Wes hummed in pleasure, his mouth and hands matching her thrusts, working her from every angle.

She cried out in mindless pleasure. Wes growled against her pu**y. Tingling heat slid down her spine, coiling at the base, spreading through her hips.

"Ah, f**k... Wes..."

The orgasm twisted through her body, cutting off her words. Her hand slid out of his hair and gripped the edge of the counter. She screamed on a shudder of ecstasy. Then floated on the high for moments that stretched and stretched.

Only when the very last tremor passed through her body and she'd gone limp on the counter did Wes lift his mouth from her pu**y. He kissed his way up her belly. And Rubi barely had the strength to lift her arm to run her hand through his hair. When he raised his mouth from her stomach, residual chocolate darkened his face, framing a gleaming grin.

She huffed a weak laugh, her body light and loose, her head floating. She brought both hands to his face and wiped at the sticky mess while he gathered her into his arms, wrapping her tight against his body, kissing her deep. He tasted of musk and chocolate.

"I need to clean you up," he said, breathing hard, voice raspy. "Where's your closest shower?"

Eleven

With Rubi's sticky chest pressed to his, she kissed his neck as he carried her through the living room to a hallway, Rodie tagging along behind. "Which way?"

"Right," she murmured. "Through the bedroom. On the left." She licked a trail up his neck and pulled his earlobe between her teeth. "I can't wait to feel you inside me."

Her dark whisper tickled his ear. Drained blood straight from his brain to his cock. She was the most exciting, most erotic, most exquisite woman he'd ever known. "God, Rubi... What the hell took us so long to figure this out?"

She hummed, the soft sound sated and sweet as she pressed her cheek to his shoulder. "Fear of regretting it later."

"We won't." He turned his head and kissed her temple, reassuring them both. "We won't."

He passed through a massive bedroom with a four-poster bed. Rodie jumped into the center and curled into a ball. Wes turned left at the first doorway and found the master bath. The room stretched on forever with whirlpool tub, double vanities, marble floors. And a separate shower, an open design of colorful slate and glass with a million showerheads and a bench.

He set her on her feet and held her waist as he reached in to turn on the water. She was warm and lazy against him, pressing kisses to his arm, chest, neck, anywhere she could reach. So damn sweet it made him smile and ache at the same time. Her hand slid down his chest, belly, and pushed at his pants until his c**k came free. Her fingers curved around him with a long, hungry moan.

"Holy f**k," slipped out of his mouth. Bright lights lit off behind his eyes. Lust streaked up his spine. "Baby..."

"Do you have condoms?" she asked against his shoulder.

"Can't think when you're touching me." Wes pulled her hand from his pants and pushed the cotton past his hips, letting them fall to the floor. "Jesus, okay, what?"

"Damn, you've got a body on you, Lawson," she said. "Condoms."

His mind chugged, chugged, failed. "Aren't you on birth control?"

"Yes, but..."

He tested the water with his hand and stepped in, pulling her with him. Water hit him from every direction, and Wes put his face directly beneath a stream until his head-and the chocolate-cleared. Then he wiped the water from his eyes.

"I have some," she said. "I'll get them-"

"I'm clean," he said, curving an arm around her waist and pulling her back. "I haven't had sex in three months and came back clear two months ago."

She turned her face up to his, those beautiful eyes hazed and heavy lidded. Christ, she was painfully beautiful. He couldn't believe this was happening.

"Three months?" she asked. "Why not?"

He slid his hands over her small waist, the flare of her hips, around her ass. Smooth. Firm. Warm. Beautiful.

Heaven. Fucking heaven.

"You're the only woman I've wanted."

He leaned down and kissed her. She was soft, so giving, so f**king hot she blurred his brain. He needed to be inside her. Needed...

"Rubi," he groaned.

"Let me get-"

He caught her arm, twirled her back, and took her face in both hands. Her hair was damp and midnight black, her eyes bright ocean green. "Baby, do we need them?"

"I... No, I guess... I mean, I'm clean too. I've just always used a condom. I just-"

He pulled her mouth to his, kissing her with all the hunger he'd built up over the months. While their tongues danced, he wrapped her in his arms, lifted, turned, and pressed her against the smooth rock wall. She opened her legs to him, wrapped his hips, and pulled him close with her feet at his back. The feel of her wanting him made his chest so tight, he ached.

"I want to be different, Rubi," he said between kisses. "I want to feel you. Every inch of you."

Reaching between them, Wes stroked the head of his c**k over her opening, seated himself, then, unable to do anything else, he thrust. A sound bubbled from her throat, one echoing the delicious pleasure riding his own nerves. She gripped him with her heat, and his mind blanked out. His legs shook.

"Fucking. Perfect," he breathed.

"God..." Her head tilted back against the wall. Plump pink lips parted. Eyes closed. So much pleasure tightening her face, need yanked at his limited control.

He retreated slightly, bent his knees, and thrust deeper. All her softness and heat parted for him. Then surrounded him. Clung to him. Squeezed him.

"Oh yes." Her throaty approval corresponded with the pinch of her nails in his skin and jolted lust through his lower body. He pulled out to thrust again. And, f**k, had sex ever been this perfect before? Had he ever needed to come so fast?

"Yes, yes, yes," she cried.

His body overrode his mind, and he thrust again.

"Deeper. Harder," she demanded. "Fuck, Wes, more."

No, he needed to slow down. Needed to make this more than just a f**k. The same f**k she could get from any guy. Bringing a woman pleasure had never been so important to him. "Rubi..."

She growled, tilted her pelvis so her hips pulled away. His length dragged against her supple walls, bathed in heat. Another fireworks display lit off behind his eyes. This time they extended down his spine, and he didn't have a chance to gather any control before she dropped both hands to his ass, dug her nails in, and pulled while thrusting her own hips forward. He sank deep, deep, deep into her lushness.

"Motherfucker." His voice shook along with his control. This was bliss. Sheer f**king bliss. Elation that filled him until he needed to explode with it.

She pushed into him again. And again. And again.

Her pu**y a strong, wet, hot...deliriously perfect f**king grip around his cock. Her perfect br**sts jiggling with each move. Need, lust, desire, they coiled and sang down his spine. Fire embedded in his groin. Tension grew across his hips.

"Rubi...baby...slow down..."

But she'd found a rhythm. A perfect, hypnotic rhythm, stroking him long and deep. But a rhythm that would take him to the peak way too soon.

"You feel..." She leaned in and kissed him. "So good."

Another zing pushed him closer to climax. He huffed a thick, dry laugh. He'd never make it as long as he'd hoped. "Dammit."

Her teeth sank into his shoulder. The pinch brought him back from the edge. To her nails digging into the skin of his ass. To the little sounds of growing pleasure. To the way her hips moved faster, harder.

"Rubi, wait..." God, if she didn't stop... "Rubi, baby-"

Her legs tightened around his hips as she pressed her face into his neck. Her high-pitched sound of pleasure rocketed through Wes, speared his cock, and he was gone. He let go of the restraint with a deep growl, grabbed her ass and drove into her. He used every muscle in his thighs, his ass, his abdomen to gather strength for each thrust. Driving, driving, driving...driving so f**king deep.

"Wes... God... Please..." She didn't make any sense, but he understood perfectly.

He clenched his teeth to hold out for her second orgasm. And, Christ, it was harder than the first. Her walls fisted around him with such perfect softness, he exploded. Spilled into her.

So base. So primal. So f**king hot.

His orgasm wrung through every muscle in his body, lasting for what felt like forever. The pleasure rampage trailed into deep, exquisite bliss...and a muscle in his ass cramped. Pain shot through his cheek and into his hip. He grimaced, shifted his weight, and huffed a laugh.

Rubi had gone limp. Her head tipped back, resting against the wall, eyes closed, arms hanging loose at her sides, muscles of her thighs soft around his hips. And her chest rocked with a chaotic mix of quick breaths and a hammering heart.

"Christ, Lawson..." she breathed, "I knew it would...be like this..."

He hadn't. He'd expected a thrill, but...no, not that... God, how did he describe it? Animalistic, wickedly erotic, consuming... He might be a few brain cells short at the moment, but he knew without any doubt it had never been that good.

He held her up with his weight and what little strength he had left. Forced his eyes to stay open enough to watch her float back to earth. His smile stemmed from happiness spiraling through his chest and a deep, deep satisfaction-physical and emotional. She'd opened up to him. Trusted him. Taken a chance.

He wanted to spend the rest of the night rewarding her. Proving she'd made the right choice. But he wouldn't press that issue. He knew it would be the quickest way to lose her. He could only hope she wasn't done with him now.

Wes reached up and angled one of the water streams between their bodies. Staying inside her-where he damn well belonged, he'd decided-he poured soap into his hand and leisurely stroked it over Rubi's br**sts and down her flat belly, making him remember the ice cream. Where the hell that wild compulsion had come from, he had no idea. He'd never done anything so spontaneous. So ridiculously...decadent. So carelessly...playful. He couldn't imagine any woman he'd been with in the past open to something so frivolous, so messy, so...fucking fun.

"You've got an awfully cocky grin on your face, Lawson." Her soft voice brought his gaze up. Her eyes were open, but so heavy her black lashes concealed all but the sparkle.

He chuckled, lifted his brow, and shook his head. There were no words to describe their first encounter. "That's happy, not cocky. I'm...truly speechless." When she didn't comment, just remained relaxed, a light, happy grin on her face, a little pinch of fear sparked deep inside him. He snuffed it, leaned in, and kissed her gently. "You're amazing."

Her hand came up to his face, the touch sweet as she curled her fingers and ran her knuckles across his jaw. Her eyes slid closed, and she kissed him back, slow, sweet, her tongue lazily making blood pool at the base of his c**k again.

He knew he needed to be the one to leave before she suggested it. He needed to leave her while she still wanted him. Which, by the way her hand was tightening in his hair, would be now.

Damn, this had to be one of the hardest things he'd ever done.

He broke the kiss and pulled out of her grip when she tried to pull him back to her mouth. Leaning away, he let the warm water wash the soap off her skin. "I'd better tuck you in and get home so we can both get some sleep."

The disappointment that flashed over her face shot a hot stream of panic down his chest. "You're leaving?"

He lifted her by the waist while bending his knees to pull out of her. Sensation streamed over his cock, spread deep into his hips, and Wes groaned with the pleasure of it. "Do you usually have guys sleep over?"

She tilted her head to the side and looked up at him with the same alluring glance she'd used the other night at the club. "I never have guys sleep over. I've never even brought a guy here."

His chest tightened, and Wes's breath left his lungs in a slow sweep. His mind warred-one side telling him he should stay and cinch that third link in a chain of firsts for her. Another voice whispered that leaving like this made their sex just sex, when he knew he wanted more. Yet another told him that if he wanted this to be different for her, different than her previous encounters with other men, she had to be the one wanting him again. He needed to maintain control-because she was the one who held it with every other man.

That didn't calm his fear of leaving her alone to rationalize why they should never do this again. Or the sizzle of panic working its way over every nerve, urging him to stay.

He cupped her face and lifted her gaze to his. "What do you want, Rubi?"

Her hand stroked his shoulder, his bicep, her fingers curling around his forearm. Her face was flushed, her lids heavy, lips swollen. And he was growing hard again. Those beautiful eyes searched his. Then a furrow appeared between them, and she shook her head, her gaze dropping away. "I...don't know."

His heart dropped. But it didn't break. This was a minor setback. No big deal.

At least that was what he told himself.

He turned off the water, sidestepped her, and pushed the door to the glass enclosure open. Reaching for a cabinet, he found towels and pulled one out. Wrapping the fluffy terry around her shoulders, he used the ends to dry her body, kissing his way down until he was on his knees in front of her. Her belly was flat, that diamond stud sparkling in her dark skin. Her waist curved in, then flared gently at her hips. A tiny triangle of dark, cropped hair decorated her pu**y. He couldn't begin to put her physical beauty or sexual attractiveness into words. He only knew he could look at her forever.

Fuck. Walking out that door was going to kill him.

But he settled the towel around her shoulders and pulled another from the cabinet for himself. After drying off quickly, he pulled on his pants, tucking his new erection away with a wince.

Rubi chuckled. She had her towel tight around her body now, her arms crossed, the nail of one thumb between her teeth. And the kittenish grin she shot over his body almost took him back to his knees.

"I've got that ugly early call tomorrow," he forced himself to say. "And sweetheart, you wrung me out. I'm going to head home."

He swung his arm around her shoulders and walked her out of the bathroom. As soon as they entered the bedroom, Rodie uncurled from his spot on Rubi's bed and jumped down to follow. Wes put his hand down to pet his sleek head.

"I miss having a dog," he said, trying to ignore how amazing he felt. How satisfied, how comfortable, how...high. He felt like Rubi was in his bloodstream.

"Why aren't you pushing to stay?" she asked, her voice matter-of-fact. "The wild-child type isn't as exceptional as you thought?"

He paused in the living room by the sofa and took her arms, turning her to face him. "Are you serious?"

Her gaze darted away, and she shrugged. "It's not a secret that I'm not your type. Who knows what those sweet girls give you that I don't."

Her show of insecurity was a sweet blow to his chest. "Rubi-"

"Friends, right?" She laid her warm palms against his belly and lifted her eyes to his again. A thin shell veiling her expression. "No hard feelings if you...if this...isn't what you want."

Isn't what he wanted? Wes's brain tilted. What the...?

Then he searched her eyes again, and he saw it-vulnerability. Such deep vulnerability, Lexi's words about Rubi's childhood flooded back.

"The fact that she's pushing you away tells me just how important you are to her. Maybe too important."

His chest constricted again, so strong it choked off his air. Still holding her arms, he dropped his head to get himself together. He wanted to jerk her against him and smother her with all the affection and attention she missed growing up. Yet, he was sure that would be the very quickest path to losing her.

When he met her eyes again, he could clearly see the brave front she'd pulled up, one thinly veiling hurt beneath. Her lips parted, and Wes knew what she was going to say. Knew what she was going to do. She was going to push him away out of fear.

He pressed his fingers to her lips. Took a deep breath. "You are more woman than all my others put together. Your sexual confidence is the ultimate turn-on. And it lets me feel just as secure, just as free. More open than I have with anyone. Ever." He grinned to lighten it up. "I've certainly never considered smearing ice cream all over a woman."

The fear softened, and she smiled before lowering her gaze. "That was definitely...different." Her tone hinted that it had been different in a thrilling way.

Yes. This was what he wanted. He wanted to be different to her. Unique. Not someone she could replace with anyone she randomly picked up at the club. She couldn't just turn her back on him now and pretend things hadn't changed between them. Or even inside herself. A good start.

Now he just had to figure out how to hold on to this connection.

"But I get the feeling you might pull back into yourself if you have to cuddle with me all night-'cause, yeah, I'm a snuggler."

That made her laugh, which pleased him.

"And I know it's going to be hard to believe"-he put his hands up in a stop gesture-"but I'm not this beautiful in the morning. This"-he gestured to the bruise around his eye-"takes a lot of work to maintain."

Still laughing, she leaned into him and pressed her face to his pec with a kiss.

He ran a hand down her hair, closed his eyes, and kissed her head. "I'm loving what we've got going here, baby," he said, softly, seriously. "I don't want to push you too hard, too fast."

"You're right," she said, muffled against his skin, nodding. Then she pulled away, crossed her arms, and pulled herself up. "Thanks for the triple orgasm." She waved toward the kitchen. "Now get your sexy ass out of here."

Wes burst out laughing and pulled her close again. Joy pumped his ego. He just needed to be patient, give her room, and let her believe falling for him was all her idea.

He took her hand and glanced at the storyboard. "How's the app coming?"

"Good. I gave the crash app to Jax for some tests. I just started on the fight app, but I'm falling behind on that NSA project, so I might have to put a hold on that for a little while."

Guilt tripped in as he reached for the rig on the sofa. "You know I'm going to pay you for your help with the rig, right? And if you don't have time, then...you don't. It's okay."

Her mouth quirked. "I can always squeeze in a little programming for a friend. I'll charge you the same thing I charge Jax."

Nice comparison to yank him right back to earth. Friends.

"Right." He nodded and started toward the kitchen sliders. "And on that note..."

Wes unlocked the door and stepped into the night. The heat built up in his body made the cool wind feel heavenly. Rubi leaned down, grabbing Rodie's collar to keep him from following Wes.

"Sorry, baby," Rubi said, petting him. "I know he's cool, but you're all mine."

The simple act of standing outside her house kicked up nerves in his belly. He forced them into the background. "See you at the set tomorrow?"

"I don't know. I'll try. I'm pretty backed up with work."

His gut tightened. He felt her slipping away. Started to wonder if this was it. If she'd had her one time with him and he'd never get another chance. But he nodded. Give her space, ass**le. She leaned her head against the edge of the door, planted the toes of one bare foot on the top of the other. Her lids were growing heavy.

God, he wanted to grab her, slide under the covers with her, and tangle his body with hers as she fell asleep. He had to fight himself not to ask her to come to the set for lunch. Not to ask her out for tomorrow night.

"Okay," he said instead. "But Troy's going to light me on fire. If you don't come by, you'll miss me acting like a human torch."

She winced. "Now there's incentive." Lifting her head from the door, she stepped back. "Later, dude."

Wes forced a chuckle at the purposeful get-lost-before-you-do-something-you'll-regret message in those words and said, "Later."

Within half a mile of her house, all his doubts crept in. All the excitement and connection they'd experienced faded. And his hopes for starting here and developing something more started a downward slide.

By the time he'd reached Jax's house, the complex knot tightening his chest made him realize everyone else might just be right.

He might not be cut out for this kind of relationship.

Twelve

Rubi stepped into the grand house overlooking the canyons of the Hollywood Hills-the ninth house Jax and Lexi had looked at buying over the last two weeks. Jax and Lexi were either alone in the house or one of them had brought the Realtor because only Jax's truck and Lexi's BMW-the one Jax had recently bought for her-sat in the driveway. But the house was quiet, as if it were empty.

She glanced around the foyer and the open living room beyond. Jax sure knew how to pick 'em. This was a showplace with marble floors, soaring ceilings, thick cream carpet, and French doors lining the walls, leading out onto a deck looking out over all of Hollywood and Los Angeles beyond.

She slid her hand over an ornate iron railing. Instead of vertical bars, the railing was a series of scrolls and curls. Truly magnificent set against all the light-cream carpet, light marble, white walls. The iron circled a huge hole in the floor with a peaked skylight above, and guided a spiraling staircase down to...one, two, three...lower floors. And centered on the floor at the bottom of the stairway, a gorgeous terrazzo tile design.

Rubi whistled softly between her teeth. "Definitely makes a statement."

The sheer beauty of the house smoothed some of Rubi's rough edges this morning. She was having that dreaded buyer's remorse over sex with Wes, even though, logically, she knew the emotions were ridiculous. Even though she knew if she could go back in time and make different decisions, she wouldn't. She would do exactly what she'd done with him last night all over again.

Her mouth tipped up when she remembered the note on her windshield this morning:

I CAN DIE HAPPY NOW.

But mixed emotions tumbled through her head and heart.

She let the stunning home distract her from the irrational thoughts that would tear her in half if she allowed.

This place was so fabulous, it tempted her toward the idea of buying a home of her own. And a familiar frustration closed in when she thought of her current home. She wouldn't give up that house even for something as spectacular as this one. She'd discovered she really needed to live near the water. It centered her. Grounded her. Calmed her. Soothed her in some intangible, indescribable way.

Rubi leaned over the railing and listened but heard nothing, so she started down a wide hallway. She passed an open library, a half bath, a huge guest suite...and heard Jax's voice.

She wandered that way, admiring all the gorgeous detail in the house. The place felt like Lexi-elegant but simple. Extravagant but understated. Classy.

Following Jax's voice, Rubi strolled through a truly magnificent office. Through the French doors at the end, she saw Lexi and Jax standing out on the terrace, Lexi in one of the sophisticated dresses she always wore at work-her own designs, of course-and pumps, her hair coiled into a sleek twist. Jax was in his worn jeans, biker boots, and leather jacket. The sight made Rubi grin. It also made her go a little gooey inside. As much as she missed Lexi, as much as not seeing her every day, not being her confidante anymore, left part of Rubi lonely, she wouldn't want it any other way. Jax was so good to her. He loved her so much. They were so perfect together.

"I'm loving what we've got going here, baby."

Wes's words shot an extra jolt of emotion through her chest. That had been the most amazing sex she'd had in...a really, really long time. But it wasn't just the sex that kept him on her mind constantly. It was him.

She shook her head, trying to push it out of her mind, and ran her hand along the decorative molding covering the edge of the floor-to-ceiling bookcases. She glanced at the huge wraparound desk, the plush desk chair similar to the chairs Lexi had in her studio for customers.

Outside, Lexi had her hands wrapped around the top of an iron railing remarkably similar to the stunner in the foyer and Jax stood behind her, his hands flanking hers as they looked out at the view.

"It's only seven miles from your studio," Jax said, his deep voice rising with hope. "Twenty minutes at the most, even in traffic."

That was a huge improvement over the drive Lexi had been making to Malibu-forty-five minutes even with no traffic. And they did live in Los Angeles, after all. There was always traffic. Rubi knew the time Lexi wasted in the car had hurt her productivity at work, and it was really stressing her out. More stress on top of trying to manage a new line of lingerie and hiring new employees.

"You like this one the best out of everything we've seen," Jax said, resting his chin on the top of her head. "I can tell. You can see the Los Angeles skyline from the deck off the main living room. And I've already gotten an estimate on what it would cost to make the pool into an infinite edge. We can look out over that view day or night from the water."

"This is..." Lexi started, then paused. "Insane, Jax. Six million dollars? I can't even fathom-" Anxiety bubbled in her voice. "I've been thinking about this, and I'm not sure it's such a great time to buy. With what's happening on the set, if Bolton falls through and they have to hire another actor, reshoot the first half of the movie-"

"Baby, that's money for Renegades, not me personally, not us," Jax reassured her. "This place is worth nearly twice what they're asking. If it weren't in foreclosure, it would go for ten million. In a few more years, it will be worth fifteen. We don't have to stay here forever. Look at it as an investment I'd miss out on if it weren't for you."

Okay, seriously, Rubi couldn't love that man for Lexi any more than she already did. Which was why she kept her distance and gave them room to grow.

Jax released the railing and slid his arms around Lexi's waist. "I know this must feel overwhelming coming from a lunch bag..."

Lexi laughed and elbowed him at the same time, making Rubi smile. "My loft may be the size-"

"And shape," he added.

"-of a lunch bag, but it's an affordable lunch bag."

"Affordability is relative. This house is very affordable for me. You'd feel better if you'd let me tell you about my finances."

"No." Lexi shook her head. "No, no, no. This is hard enough without knowing all the details of that filthy gold you're hoarding in some vault."

God that girl was as stubborn as Rubi when it came to their little psychoses or neuroses or whatever they were called.

Jax chuckled. "Bet the thought just makes your skin crawl, doesn't it? Bet it just makes you want to shed those clothes and do me in front of all of Hollywood, right here on the balcony." Lexi burst out laughing as Jax kissed her neck. "Don't deny it."

Okay...time to break this up.

Rubi walked to the open door. "No christening the new house until you own it."

When Jax and Lexi turned toward Rubi's voice, she cast a careless gesture with one finger toward the back of the house that looked out over the canyon. "Did I hear you're going to make that pool an infinity edge, Chamberlin? Because as is, it so won't do."

"You're such a diva," he said, "and yes, we will... If we buy it."

"Nice move, Jaxy-boy." Rubi sauntered to their side with a soft click of her heels on stone. She stood next to Lexi and leaned on the railing. "I approve."

A melodramatic whoosh of air exited his lungs, and he pressed a hand to his chest. "Oh, thank God. I can breathe now."

"You might need to go back to acting if you keep collecting these multimillion-dollar mansions."

"Don't get Lexi all stirred up again." He moved between them and draped his arms over their shoulders. "I was just telling her what a great investment this would be."

She pulled her sunglasses back over her eyes. "That's one way to look at it. And I have to say, this is the nicest place you've seen so far. Really the only one I could see Lexi being comfortable in-if that's even possible." She glanced at Lexi. "Though I still hate the idea of you not being down the beach from me anymore."

Lexi sighed and squinted back toward the view. She exhaled heavily. "Baby, I just don't know."

"Christ, Rubi," Jax muttered, "she was almost there."

"I didn't mean for you not to move, Lex," Rubi said. "I just meant I'll miss having you close more often. But I can still drag you out of the Malibu house for weekend runs, right?"

"Right," Jax said for her.

Lexi turned toward him and pressed her hands to his chest. "Jax..." She cut herself off and bit her lip.

Rubi knew that sign. She was freaking out.

But Jax saw it and reacted before Rubi even had a chance. "Shh, it's okay." He cupped her face in his hands. "We'll just keep looking. We'll find one that says 'home' to you, baby. Don't give up."

Lexi closed her eyes and pressed her lips together. With a quick shake of her head, she said, "No. I like this one."

He tilted her face up to his. "I don't want to push you."

Jax's words echoed Wes's the night before. "I don't want to push you too hard, too fast."

Lexi smiled. When it faltered, she forced it high again. "Sometimes pushing is a good thing. And honestly..." She breathed in slow...breathed out slow... "I need you to push me past these fears, because I don't want to lose you over them."

"Oh, baby." Jax pulled her hard against him, wrapped her tight. "You will not lose me, Lex. Sure as shit never over something like this."

Rubi had to blink fast behind her sunglasses to clear the sting of tears from her eyes. God, this was just too much emotion from too many directions. She hadn't believed anyone could love Lexi as much as she did. They were best friends, after all. Family to each other. But Jax really did. And that made Rubi both ridiculously happy and horribly lonely.

Lexi smiled as Jax lowered his head to kiss her.

Rubi cleared her throat. "Hello, you're not alone out here. And if you two start shedding clothing, I might have to take some photos for the local rag."

Jax pulled out of the kiss and shot Rubi one of his pathetically unmenacing looks, then gazed down into Lexi's eyes. "I have to get back to the set. Take your time. The Realtor said he'd leave it open two hours for us and come back to lock up. We'll talk tonight." He pressed his lips to hers again, then murmured, "I love you, baby. No matter what you decide."

He released her and started toward the house. But in Rubi's mind, she still saw the way Jax looked at Lexi. Still heard the tone of his voice. And couldn't help but remember the way Wes had looked at her last night. The tone of Wes's voice when he'd spoken to her.

And Lexi's words now-"I need you to push me past these fears, because I don't want to lose you over them"-tightened a slow knot in Rubi's chest.

Jax passed Rubi with one glance head to toe. "Don't come to the set like this."

She held her arms wide and glanced down at her sweater and shorts. "What? The guys on set don't wear shorts?"

"They don't wear shorts that short, and they don't look like that in them. Wes was already worthless on set all morning. He doesn't need any help." At the door, he paused and turned. "But you can wear what you want to dinner. Wes is grilling for us tonight. Come over about seven."

Rubi flipped back into her sassy cover, slid her sunglasses down her nose, and grinned at Jax over her shoulder. "You had me at Wes."

Lexi couldn't even wait until Jax's car started before she asked, "Are things better with Wes?"

Rubi's unease whipped up again, flooding her body with anxiety. She turned toward her friend and leaned one elbow on the railing. "So are you going to do it? Are you going to plunge in feetfirst and move into this six-million-dollar mansion with your beau?"

Lexi's enthusiastic smile fell. "Don't try to change the subject."

She gazed past Lexi toward the opposite end of the canyon. "You should have some decent privacy here. Even if some jealous father of a rival designer hired a photographer again, he'd have to have one hell of a lens or a death wish to get photos of you and Jax up here."

"What's going on? You know you're not getting out of here without telling me."

"Let's walk and talk," Rubi said. "Show me this palatial new home of yours, little orphan girl from the white-trash slums of Kentucky."

Lexi turned with a sigh and linked her arm with Rubi's as they walked back into the office. "It's not mine. It's Jax's. Which is why I don't like the fact that he needs my approval."

"Did you interview those students from Parsons?"

Rubi strolled down the marble hallway with Lexi's chatter about her new interns floating around the edges of her brain. They paused in the foyer by the grand spiral staircase.

"So I'm setting up a small shop in another building nearby where the seamstresses will work," Lexi said. "That way I can hop over there between fittings and client meetings if I need to. It sure would be nice to have somewhere close to come home to."

"You mean somewhere close that houses Jax to come home to."

She grinned, and the whole line of her body softened. "Yeah."

Lexi wore her typical light touch of makeup, coloring her lashes, perfecting her already perfect skin, brightening her cheeks. But that wasn't what turned the woman from stunningly beautiful to truly radiant.

"Have I ever told you how much I hate the way Jax makes you glow?"

Lexi laughed and returned her attention to Rubi. "Stop."

"You want this house for the staircase, don't you?" she asked, giving Lexi a sly grin. "Don't worry, I won't tell Jax."

Lexi bit her lip against a grin and glanced over the railing, her hand sliding over the iron. "I swear I could stare at it all day. It's like a piece of artwork."

She and Rubi burst out laughing at the same time. Rubi wandered away, through the massive living area. "Damn." She squinted through the glass of one French door and placed a flat hand at her brow, teasing, "Is that the ocean?"

"I think that would be the Los Angeles smog layer," Lexi said, her voice thick with yeah-right attitude.

"Ah, yes. Smog." Rubi moved through a wide archway to a smaller sitting room-though small was all relative here. "Oooh, I like the bar."

"Have you heard from Dolph on your house?"

"Nope. Nada. Sixth offer unacknowledged." Rubi forced her voice light, like she always did, even though she knew Lexi could see right through her. She thought about the call she'd made to Dolph's voice mail last night and pitched the rig's concept. That was before she'd even seen the real thing-which was ten times more advanced than she'd expected. Maybe that would garner a phone call, during which she could broach the topic of buying the house-again.

She ran her hand over the tall, velour-covered chairbacks and glanced up at the six wide-screen monitors mounted high on the wall. "This will be where the Renegades sit when they come over. But you'll have to get a few more chairs. Hell, you might have to turn this into a man cave."

"There's a man cave downstairs. Complete with another bar, bigger televisions, and a pool table."

"Oh well," Rubi huffed. "Excuse me."

They moved out onto the deep stone terrace running the length of the house. "My God," Rubi said. "You could have one hell of a party out here. Maybe even...a wedding."

Lexi groaned. "Don't mention marriage around Jax."

"Good to know he's smart enough to plan for a future with you."

Lexi wrapped her fingers around the iron until they turned white. A tortured sound rolled in her throat. "Why is this so hard? I love him. I love everything about him. Why does jumping terrify me?"

"Sweetheart, you're asking the wrong woman."

Lexi faced her, mirroring Rubi's stance. "Okay. Spill. What's going on with you and Wes."

Wes. Rubi's insides took a major hit, a fiery-nuclear-bomb-type hit. Pleasure expanded deep in her belly. A warm, tingly, sexual thrill that crept steadily higher like a rising tide. But by the time it reached her chest, the silky excitement turned into searing, prickly tendrils and wound around her heart, her throat, until every vision from the night before vanished. The only thing filling her mind was the bottle of Xanax in her glove compartment.

"Don't you have to get back to the shop?" Rubi asked...a little too hopefully.

"You're way off your game. I made sure I had everything covered so we could talk when you got here. So talk."

Rubi's first instinct was to shut down. Shove the fanged monsters of fear back into the dark, slam the door on every muddy shadow from her past, and stand in front of her internal scars with her best I'm-so-over-all-that-shit expression.

But for the first time in her life, an emotion other than fear weighted her heart. The identity of that emotion was still murky. Desire? Affection?

Love?

Her lips parted, and she drew a breath to say...something. But she found her chest too tight, her mind too mushy. And all that came out was an uneven, "I think Wes and Jax are a lot alike. Determined."

"I've always envied your ability to be so free in your sex life," Lexi said. "So...open...to going for it. To getting what you want."

Rubi tensed. "But...?"

"Are you happy, Rubi?" Lexi's beautiful face, usually so open and light, now compressed with concern. True, heartfelt concern that made a new, sweet ache bloom around that damn knot. "Really happy?"

Rubi wanted to do what she always did-laugh off her concern. Add an airy, careless wave of her hand and assure her friend that her life was perfect.

When she only squinted into the sunshine showering downtown LA, Lexi went on. "This last month is probably the happiest I've ever seen you. Don't you feel how good it is, Rubi? Healthy. Happy. Just plain right?

She did. Which was what scared her into silence. The stakes were high for Rubi. Higher than they were for Wes. If things went south with Wes...

Rubi saw an edge disintegrating beneath her feet. A bad fallout between her and Wes would inevitably cause tension between Rubi and the other Renegades. Tension between Rubi and Jax. Tension between Jax and Lexi. And ultimately, tension between Rubi and Lexi.

Messing things up with Wes could very well mess up every relationship that mattered to Rubi. Leaving her alone. Completely alone.

Yet, she felt so strongly about Wes, the thought of backing away from him now laid a boulder on her heart.

She. Was. Fucked.

Lexi shifted on her feet. "Rubi."

She curled her fingers around the iron railing, her gaze fixed on her deep-red manicured nails as she flexed, tensed, flexed, tensed. Then she clenched her eyes shut. "Okay. I...have a problem."

Her throat grew tight. She had to pause and push the burst of irrational panic down before she could go on.

"Wes and I..."-she wet her lips and scraped her upper lip between her teeth-"had sex." Voicing it made all her anxiety intensify. "And...and...it was great. Beyond great. Better than I expected, and I expected phenomenal."

Rubi labored to gather air again. Her heart beat fast, adding pressure on her lungs. She opened her eyes but couldn't bear to look at Lexi. She didn't know what she'd see, but part of her didn't want to know.

"I'd...tell you that's awesome, because it totally is," Lexi started, her voice guarded. "But I'm guessing by how you're acting it's too awesome, right? So awesome you're going to have to f**k it up because you're terrified."

A world of emotion floated in Lexi's words. Understanding, disappointment, heartache...and that always-present unconditional love they'd shared from the beginning of their friendship. Her tone made Rubi's fears seem both ominous and ridiculous at once.

"I know. So stupid, right?" She tried to laugh at herself, but it came out weak. "I mean, seriously, I couldn't ask for a better guy. He even left after without me having to shove him out the door."

Lexi's hand closed around Rubi's arm. She didn't know why the touch startled her, but she flinched and turned to Lexi's surprised, questioning gaze. "You had sex at your house?"

Splinters of heat and pressure scattered through her belly. "Yeah."

Rubi had never brought a man to the house. Ever. She needed the control of being able to leave when she was ready. And the house was her personal space. Her and Rodie's sanctuary. She didn't want men showing up without an invitation, expecting her to give in to a bootie call.

Only, f**k, wasn't that just what she'd allowed Wes to do last night?

Lexi's hand slid from Rubi's arm, dragging her-feeling a little drunk, and not in a good way-from the realization.

"Well, that's...interesting." Lexi drew out the word.

Rubi crossed her arms so tight over her chest, a tug of pain shot through the girls. "You sound like my goddamned psychotherapist."

A suspicious, sly look narrowed Lexi's eyes. "What other boundaries are you letting Wes trample on?"

Rubi's mind immediately veered to the night before.

"I want to be different, Rubi. I want to feel you. Every inch of you."

That drunk sensation deepened until Rubi's stomach twinged the way it did when she'd had one too many.

"We...didn't use a condom." Rubi lifted her hand to her forehead and found it damp. "Isn't it hot out here? Let's go inside." She turned and took giant strides toward the living room's French doors, craving a cool sweep of air-conditioning.

"Rubi."

She ignored Lexi's confused call, stepped through the doors, and closed her eyes, absorbing the settling sensation of refrigerated air on her damp skin.

"You're on birth control," Lexi asked. "Right?"

"Of course." The words came in an irritated, lightheaded rush. "That's not the problem."

Lexi's frown turned suspicious again. "Then what's the problem?"

Now that Lexi had voiced the more severe consequences of Rubi's condom-challenged sexual encounter, she found herself, once again, feeling like an emotional hypochondriac.

"It's just...this thing I have. I've always used a condom. Ever since I started having sex. Always." Rubi dropped into a sofa. "It's... I don't know...a layer of protection, you know, in a different way. Like...a psychological way."

Lexi's posture softened, and her gaze widened with understanding. "Oooooh. Got it."

Christ she was sick. Beyond sick, now she was scared. Before now, without Lexi shining a spotlight on every little thing Rubi had done with Wes, she had been able to push them into the background. Now she worried over the message she'd sent Wes by letting the issue slide when she could have reached out of the shower and simply grabbed one from a drawer. Two seconds. Max.

"I want to be different, Rubi."

He'd been different from the f**king start.

"Scary," Lexi said, her voice soft with their shared fears. She lifted her hands to indicate the house. "I know."

"But that's the difference-you move through it. You live it. I put up walls, create detours. It's like my feet are stuck in concrete. Wes terrifies me, Lex. He's... God." She turned her gaze back out over the city. A knife twisted in Rubi's chest. Emotions rose and swirled in her head. Anxiety crawled over her skin. Terror closed in. "I can't do it. I just can't..."

"Jump?" Lexi drew in a breath that raised her shoulders, then slowly blew it out as she gazed out over LA. "What if we jump together?"

Lexi didn't wait for Rubi to answer. She pulled her phone from her pocket with one hand and covered Rubi's hand on the railing with the other. Tapping one number on her phone, she dialed, then touched the Speaker icon.

"You miss me already, don't you?" Jax's rich, sexy voice came over the line. "Change your mind about the terrace? I'll turn around right now."

The grin that lit up Lexi's face made Rubi's heart swell. That was happiness. And seeing Lexi happy thrilled Rubi. She knew Lexi wanted to see Rubi just as happy. She just didn't think a man was the ticket.

"Yes, I miss you already," Lexi said. "And yes, I've changed my mind about the terrace. But Rubi's right, we can't christen it until you own it."

Lexi's grip tightened on Rubi's. Her eyes slid closed, and she sank her teeth into her bottom lip. The expression of hope and fear on Lexi's face mirrored so much of what Rubi felt over Wes.

"Hold on," Jax said, his voice now tight. After a second, he continued. "I had to pull over. I didn't want to hyperventilate on the freeway. I thought I just heard you say you wanted to buy that house and live in it with me."

Lexi's brow furrowed, and a look of terrified pain came over her face. She released Rubi's hand and pressed her own to her stomach. "That's because..."

Rubi laughed and covered her mouth to hold it back. Her eyes swelled with tears.

"I did," she finally said. "Make an offer, Jax. I love this house. I love you. I want both."

Lexi opened her eyes and pinned Rubi with a sharp, what-the-fuck-did-I-just-do look. Rubi still had her hand over her mouth, her chest bursting with happiness. Lexi pressed the phone to her body and whispered, "I think I'm going to puke."

Rubi couldn't hold back anymore. Laughter rolled out of her. Lexi's laughter echoed Rubi's.

Lexi disconnected with an ecstatic Jax, and they finished touring the house. But Rubi couldn't get Lexi's earlier words to Jax out of her head: "I need you to push me past these fears, because I don't want to lose you over them."

Her own fears could easily ruin something with Wes that she knew in her heart had the potential to be really good.

In the driveway, Rubi hugged Lexi good-bye. When Lexi pulled away, she held Rubi's arms firmly, her eyes direct. "It's your turn to jump. Don't leave me hanging out here by myself."

"Have I ever left you hanging?"

The smile that beamed across Lexi's face was filled with giddy excitement. "Keep me posted." She stepped back, pointed purposefully at Rubi while walking backward toward her car repeating words Rubi had once said to Lexi, not that long ago. "And I want details, girl. Details."

Rubi didn't follow Lexi down the hill. Instead, she took out her phone and tapped a message to Wes.

Thirteen

Wes crouched in front of the second of four identical Ducatis he was working with on this series of scenes. The first bike, the one he'd crashed a few days ago, lay alongside the others-a burned-out corpse he would part-out to keep the other three running. Keaton wiped a rag over the handlebars and scrubbed the body until the red paint shone.

"She's insane," Keaton said. He'd been droning on about some girl he'd been banging. "She lives alone, but she's got a two-bedroom apartment, and the extra room's filled with sex-toy shit. Like...serious...sex-toy shit. I don't know, man. I mean, I'm up for just about anything, but honestly, this chick kind of freaks me out."

With the clutch cover removed, Wes listened with one ear and sprayed compressed air over the metal to clear residual dust. The bike groaned every time Wes switched gears, pissing off the audio gurus. And while Wes could pull apart any motorcycle and put it back together drunk, standing on his head, he was having a hard time focusing on a simple clutch clean today. And Keaton's chatter wasn't the problem.

His gaze blurred over the machine, and his mind drifted toward Rubi. Toward the sight of her spread out on the kitchen counter. Her wickedly sinful, drool-inducing body smeared with chocolate ice cream. His c**k hitched against his jeans, and Wes clenched his teeth.

Ping. Clank.

The can of compressed air hit the concrete, and Wes startled.

"Yeah." Keaton laughed the word. "I about dropped the lube bottle just like that."

Wes had no f**king idea what Keaton was talking about, but right now, he didn't want to know. He was having enough trouble dealing with all the heat tumbling through his body and emotion expanding his heart.

His phone buzzed in his pocket, and his mind jumped to Wyatt. He'd already talked to his mother today, but...

He pushed to his feet and pulled out his phone, thinking a hundred different things. Shock sizzled low in his belly when he saw the text was from Rubi. Her contacting him today...or any day in the next week...was the opposite of what he'd expected.

Don't get your hopes up, dude.

RUBI: Hey, handsome. Do you have your rig with you or is it at your place?

His mind tried to read ten different meanings into the text. It took him a minute to realize she was talking about the rig for Wyatt. But the fact she'd reached out to him at all had to be a good sign, right?

WES: Baby, I carry my rig everywhere.

"Is that Rubi?" Keaton asked.

"Yeah."

"She's kinda out of your league, isn't she?"

Wes looked up only long enough to shoot the other Renegade a glare.

"Just sayin'." Keaton held up his hands, palms out. "I can totally see why you went for her, but...not your usual type."

"I've only heard that half a dozen times already." His phone buzzed again, and he glanced down.

RUBI: Did you find someone to relay that beautiful rig of yours?

His lips twitched up into a cautious grin. Not a "Last night was so hot I can't wait to have you again," but Wes would take what he could get.

WES: That's all you, baby. I don't want anyone else touching my rig.

"I'm going over to Tommy's Burgers for lunch," Keaton said. "Wanna come?"

"Kinda early for lunch, dude."

"I've been up since four. Starting a new workout. I go to this CrossFit gym near my place. Man, those bitches work me into butter. I'm burning so many calories and building so much muscle, I can't keep weight on."

"I'm not hungry." At least not for anything but Rubi. "You go on."

Keaton tossed down his rag and straightened, stretched. His groan was one of those damn-I'm-sore groans. "All right. I'll bring you back a burger."

Wes nodded absently just as Rubi's message came through.

RUBI: You're on, but I need that baby in my hands to program it properly.

Wes's face broke out into a full grin as Keaton turned for the trailer. Current sizzled through his body at Rubi's flirty innuendo. Under normal circumstances, he wouldn't have made much out of the comment. But after last night, the fact that she was still flirting with him was another great sign.

WES: Holy shit. My rig's circuit just blew. You know I can't work when it's jacked. Come and fix me up, baby.

RUBI: Do you have time now?

A breathy laugh exited his chest, and Wes swore his heart beat three times in the normal span of one. His c**k had already been half-hard just from the memories of the night before. Now it was rubbing his jeans again.

WES: For you? Hell yes.

Wes glanced up, surveying the movement on set. Based on the sketchbook open amid a group including Jax, Duke, Troy, MacKenzie, and three camera guys, and the speed of Jax's hand moving a pencil over the page, Wes knew they wouldn't be running the fire scene for at least an hour. His phone buzzed, and he looked back down.

RUBI: Already headed straight for you...and your kick-ass rig.

He drew a slow breath through pursed lips, creating a low whistle. A flutter irritated his belly. He told himself not to get his hopes up. She'd been as clear as glass when she'd told him she f**ked guys once and only once. She hadn't agreed to the friends-with-benefits proposal, and even after the best sex of his life-hopefully hers too-she still hadn't been sure what she wanted. He wasn't stupid enough to think she'd change her MO for him. Or after so long. Yet something whispered hope in his ear. Told him what they had was already more than she'd given any other man. And that fact spiraled through his chest, making him both high and horny.

"Wes." Jax's irritated voice pulled Wes's gaze. Even his boss's bark couldn't kill his smile. "Are you f**king that phone, or can you give us a minute of your attention here?"

Wes pocketed his phone. He couldn't say what exactly he'd expected from Rubi after last night, but it wouldn't have surprised him if she'd tried the whole nothing-happened or even the cold-shoulder routine. He knew he shouldn't get excited about a few flirty texts, but hell if he could control this inner tornado.

"What's up?" he asked, wandering toward the men. By the stern looks on their faces, whatever they were talking about couldn't be good.

Jax waited until everyone but MacKenzie had stepped away from the group and Wes was standing in their small circle. "Rimer's guru working with Bolton says he's f**ked up." Jax's voice lowered. "He's starting a two-week crash rehab program Monday. It's not a solution but a temporary fix to get Bolton through the movie. We're going to have to revamp the filming schedule."

The implications of that unraveled in Wes's mind, and anger heated his gut. "Dude, that's going to leave me sitting on my hands. It's going to mess up my break to go see Wyatt."

And going home to Missouri now could very well mess up what was happening-or what he hoped was happening-with Rubi.

MacKenzie stepped back, his expression as pissed-off as Wes felt. "I'll let you guys handle the details."

Wes glared at the man's back as he disappeared into the production trailer.

"We've already reworked the next couple of days since we knew Bolton would be out," Jax said. "Why don't you finish up those scenes and head home?"

Because, f**k, he didn't want to leave Rubi right now.

And... "I don't have the rig ready."

He wasn't all that thrilled about facing his entire family without it. While he knew he could go home to see Wyatt without the rig, the thought of facing all twelve-thousand extended relatives who'd be coming in and out of town to see Wyatt and their parents made his gut tighten. He could hear the derogatory comments from the spattering of uncles, grandparents, and holier-than-thou cousins already.

"You're almost thirty, Wes. When are you going to grow up?"

"Wesley, when are you going to stop fooling around and come home where you belong?"

"I just made partner. Pulling down seven figures. What's new with you, Wes?"

On one level, Wes was secure and fulfilled enough with his life to tell them all to go f**k themselves. But on another, he yearned to make his parents proud. They'd always defended him in the family, despite their reservations with his decisions after college. And then there was Wyatt's physical therapist-Melissa. The woman who'd left Wes after six years together and dissolved their marriage plans because he'd refused to spend his life in a cubicle at her father's engineering firm.

"Have I mentioned how much I f**king hate Bolton?" Wes asked.

Jax rolled his eyes. "I recall-"

"And have I mentioned that I'll never f**king double that bastard again?"

The growl of an engine drew their attention. Rubi pulled the Aston into a nearby lot, and Wes's emotions twisted in a whole different direction. Damn, now he was in a pissy mood. Even her hopping out of the car in short jean cutoffs, loose lacy sweater exposing her belly, and spike-heeled boots barely lifted the new shadow. His body, however, responded like a champ. He would have reached down to reposition his "rig," now standing at attention, but wanted to avoid another "keep your focus" lecture from Jax. As if Jax didn't lose his own every time Lexi stepped on set.

Wes forced ease into his stance and turned his mouth in a smile. The last thing he wanted to do was ruin Rubi's feisty mood. But halfway across the distance, Rubi's expression grew serious, and by the time she reached them, she was frowning. It was difficult to get his mind around what might have caused that transition, because the simple act of watching Rubi walk rerouted his brain and sent those electric currents zinging through his cock.

Those long, lithe legs-legs that had been clamped around his waist just hours ago-flexed with each step. Her perfect br**sts-breasts that had been in his hands and beneath his tongue-jiggled playfully in the V-neck opening of her sweater. The bounce of her long, dark, shiny waves-hair that had been fisted in his hands as he'd tasted her-spilled over her slender, shoulders.

An insane and urgent need consumed him, gnawing at him from the inside out. But the light, happy expression she'd come with was gone.

"Christ, Rubi," Jax said. "I just told you not to come on set dressed like that."

"I'm not staying." Her gaze darted between Jax and Wes, then those gorgeous eyes held on Wes's face. He might just be letting his imagination create what he so desperately wanted, but he swore there was something more intimate between them now. Some kind of intangible connection that jumbled Wes's insides with a warm thrill. She reached out to lay her hand on his bicep with true worry in her expression. "What happened? What's wrong?"

"Just some scheduling stuff," Jax said. "Hey, would you mind stopping your work on the apps and funneling all the attention you can toward Wes's rig?"

A flash of surprise eased her expression, then unmistakable humor. Humor she tried to hide by pressing her lips together. She released Wes's arm and crossed hers, did a damn good impression of serious consideration

Finally, she lifted one shoulder as she met Wes's eyes with a stern gaze. "Why aren't you asking me to divert all my focus to your rig, Lawson? Do you want me to work on your precious toy or not?"

He couldn't hold the grin back, but he did manage to quash the, Fuck yeah, I want you working on my rig.

"You'd have to make it worth my while," she said. "I mean, the rig is fun, a challenge and all, but a girl has priorities."

"Whatever," Jax said. If he noticed the sexual electricity arcing between Wes and Rubi, he didn't show it. "Sorry about the changes, bud. But this might end up working out for you. And thanks, Rubi. For helping Wes out and for whatever you said to Lexi."

Jax turned and started toward the production trailer where MacKenzie had disappeared. Rubi's gaze never left Wes's, but her expression softened and heated and turned seductive.

"What's this about Lexi?" Wes asked.

"She said yes to this house."

Wes grinned. "Hot damn. That will make the boss happy."

Rubi returned his smile. "What's this urgent need to polish that rig of yours, Lawson?"

"Spillover from last night?"

"Yeah, I've been feeling that all morning. But I get the distinct impression Jax was having a parallel discussion to ours."

"Oh hell," Wes stuffed his hands in his pockets to keep himself from reaching for her. "I hope so."

"Since I came to get my hands on that rig," she said, sliding her gaze down his body and pausing on the crotch of his jeans. "Let's get down to the details. Where shall we take-I mean...where is that sexy monster?"

Wes glanced toward the Renegades trailer, then back to Rubi, angst fighting excitement for space in his chest. "I can't tell which mode we're in-friends or sex."

She linked her arm with his and leaned close. "Someone told me recently that it's not an either-or situation. That we could have both. Now...I don't know about that, but I'm...interested in looking into it a little more. So what do you say, you lead me to your rig, and we can figure it out from there?"

"Um...yes?" Was she saying what he thought she was saying? "Walk ahead of me to the trailer, and my personal rig will be fully engaged by the time we reach the door."

Rubi released his arm and made a slow turn on her heels, much like those he'd seen her make when modeling one of Lexi's dresses in the studio. She cast one of those sizzling come-and-get-it looks over her shoulder. "It already appears fully engaged. But if a rear view helps..."

She sauntered toward the trailer, the smooth length of her thighs making saliva pool in his mouth, the sway of her ass making him think of all kinds of other ways he'd like it swaying for him.

She turned her head, her lashes downcast, reminding Wes of the way she'd looked at him that night at Stilettos. "Is this working for you, Mr. Lawson?"

"Definitely." They reached the steps, and Wes jumped a few to meet her at the top. He pressed his hand to the door before she could open it and bent his head to her ear. "But...bent over, feet spread would be even better."

She turned her head, met his eyes. "I've discovered there's nothing sexier than a sweet country boy turned naughty."

She leaned in, eyes open, and ran her tongue along his bottom lip. Fire engulfed his belly, his hips, his thighs. His c**k jerked hard against his jeans. Before he could respond, Rubi turned the knob, and the door opened in. Without the support, Wes fell forward, catching himself with a hand on the doorframe. When he looked up, Rubi faced him, one hand on the door, the other on her cocked hip, the line of her body lazy and sexy and filling the doorway.

"Get your sweet rig in here. I have work to do."

Wes straightened and stepped through the door. He cast a glance toward Rachel's desk and found her gone. The rest of the trailer was empty as well.

Thank God.

He rested his hands at his hips and turned to face Rubi just as she pressed her finger to the doorknob, locking it.

Wes lifted his hands in a stop gesture. "Ms. Russo," he teased, darting a glance toward the desk in the corner. "The rig in question is over there."

She stepped toward him and took fistfuls of his T-shirt, using them to swing him around and push him against the door. A shocked grunt exited his chest, a hot thrill taking its place. Rubi slid her hands down his chest as she lowered to her knees, a familiar move, but one that took on a whole different meaning without that contraption within reach.

"There's some work I need to do with this exceptional rig before I take a look at the other."

Her fingers worked smoothly, quickly on his button and zipper. Her small hands easily moved fabric aside to free his erection. Wes sucked in a breath of shocked pleasure at her touch. Electric jolts shorted out his brain and sang through his groin. His knees loosened, and he grabbed the door handle to hold himself up.

"Fuck... Rubi..."

"Yes. With my mouth. Now." She gazed up at him and slowly licked the tip of his cock. The warm, wet, smooth streak shot another dose of pleasure into his blood. His c**k twitched in her hands, making her grin. Her tongue darted out again. Wes's fingers went white on the handle. Every muscle in his body tightened. All his blood rushed south. She tipped her head as her hands continued to stroke. "If, that is, you're ready to let me focus all my attention on your personal rig, like Jax suggested."

No witty reply came to him. His brain was swamped with the sight of her on her knees, his rigid c**k held reverently in her hands, her striking eyes gazing up at him with lust.

"I've been starving for the taste of you." Her expression slid into something intense, her voice deep and needy. "I've needed to feel you all morning." She circled the ridge of his erection with a fingertip, tantalizing him to the edge of ecstasy. "Didn't you say this was one of my benefits?"

His dry mouth managed a, "Yes."

Her attention lowered to his c**k again. "I'm so f**king hungry for you."

And she closed her lips over his head.

Soft, wet heat surrounded the sensitive tip, and his c**k surged with fire. Her eyes slid closed on a delicious hum. His knees gave again and he gripped the top of a bookshelf with his free hand. Completely against his will, his eyes closed and his head dropped back. A growl rolled from his throat, releasing a sliver of pent-up lust.

He forced his eyes open, his head down. He didn't want to miss a second of this. Not only was it a white-hot sight that thickened his , one he'd never forget, but extra thrilling because Rubi had initiated it all. This was so much more than he'd expected and he heart expanded with hope and affection, which made the physical pleasure even more intense.

His gaze cleared just as Rubi slid his length deep into her mouth. And, Christ, the sight was so perfectly erotic, so wickedly naughty, so dangerously titillating, Wes's chest constricted with explosive desire. He pushed his hips forward, needing to be fully sheathed. The head of his c**k touched her throat as he'd known it would. He was too long. Too thick. There had always been too much of him for any woman to fully take into her mouth.

He needed to pump, to thrust. He needed friction to cut this sudden, nasty craving, but he didn't need to scare her off, so he eased his hips back for a slow slide out. Rubi groaned in complaint, and her mouth clamped down, sucking hard.

His teeth clenched against the burst of pleasure shooting through his c**k and sinking deep into his balls. "Ah, f**k, yeah."

Her hands fisted in his jeans, pulling his hips toward her as she eased forward. The result was a mind-bending slide of her mouth nearly to his base and he groaned through grinding teeth.

He pulled his hand from the bookshelf and fisted her hair. Had to force himself not to pull her in to finish off that last couple of inches.

"Easy, baby." Christ, that dark, lust-filled voice could not be his own. "Don't have to-"

Her throat opened around the head of his cock, taking him in.

Wes sank into her on a guttural, "Sonofabitch..."

A fireball burst low in his body, burning through his hips, his balls, his cock. A delirious moment of ecstasy blanked his mind, and when his head cleared, he had both his hands deep in Rubi's hair, the door holding him up.

She eased back, sucking him all the way out with her eyes open and on his, dizzying lust turning them as dark as the ocean.. When her mouth finally pulled free, leaving his entire length glimmering wet, he found himself mindless...and speechless.

"Baby..." was all he found anywhere in his mind.

Her hand closed around his length, slowly pumping the slick skin. Wes's muscles went taut again. His throat closed. Pleasure climbed.

"Yes?" She paused, tipped her head with a kittenish smile. "Did you want something?."

"Your mouth." He pushed the words forward, desperate. "I want your mouth."

With her gaze holding his, she traced the tip of her tongue around his ridge again. A delicious shiver tightened his skin and made his whole body shake. She licked the drop of moisture from his tip, drew it into her mouth, and savored it with a hum of pleasure.

Wes's mind slid into its very own sideways suicide. No woman had ever blown him like this-in daylight, pushed against a door, wanting it. No woman had ever savored him. Past girlfriends had done it to please him, and they had. But he couldn't say any of them had ever enjoyed doing it. He had the impression, from that sparkle in Rubi's eyes, that had all changed.

"Come and get it, naughty boy," she teased, sliding one hand between his legs and stroking the sensitive skin behind his balls. "Take what you want."

She opened her mouth just millimeters from the head of his c**k but didn't take him in. With those lips parted, her lids heavy, eyes begging...promising, she simply taunted. He urged his hips forward and the head of his c**k slid into her mouth. Her lips closed, her mouth sucked, but nothing more. And, f**k, he needed more.

With the hands fisted in her hair, he pulled her in, impaling her mouth with his cock. Slowly. So very slowly, preparing to stop at the first sign of resistance He eased himself deeper, deeper... Her throat opened around him. Her eyes closed on an expression of bliss. Wes held there, trying to refasten his grip on control, but it was as slippery as her mouth. The sight, the feel, tangled Wes's mind into a knot of raw need.

Something squeezed the head of Wes's cock. A warm, rolling pressure that made him siphon air and tilt toward climax. Swallowing. Rubi was swallowing, her strong throat massaging his tip, her taut mouth sucking his length.

"Fucking A, Rubi..." He was incoherent. Couldn't form a sentence. His weakening legs trembled, making him slide down the door another inch. Rubi took advantage of the room from his parted knees and stroked deeper, palming his balls. Wes was absolutely drowning in sensation. "So goddamned good..."

The knob underneath his hand rolled. The movement didn't even faze him, until it happened twice more. Then the lock popped open, and the door pressed inward against his back. Wes reacted automatically, shoving it closed. By the time his mind sharpened, Rubi had pulled him from her mouth but didn't move to hide or even stand. She still held his c**k in her hands, her lips blushed deep from her work.

"What the hell?" A female voice muttered beyond the door. "Who's in there?"

Rachel. Fuck, it was Rachel.

No. No, no, no. He needed this. Needed it. Stopping now was inhumane.

"Think on your feet, Lawson," Rubi murmured. "I'm not done ravishing your rig."

He didn't realize how hard he was breathing until he had to catch his breath to speak. "Uh... Sorry Rach, it's me."

A pause. "Wes?"

He closed his eyes. "Yeah. I...uh...I'm just having a meeting." He cringed at the lousy excuse. "Can you take ten?"

"Twenty," Rubi whispered, a nasty smile on her face.

Wes shook his head. He wasn't going to last twenty. No. Fucking. Way.

"Um..." Rachel said, clearly suspicious. "Sure...I guess?"

When her feet sounded on the stairs and her voice picked up in conversation with someone outside, then faded, Wes let out a breath of relief and glanced down at Rubi. This had to be a f**king fantasy.

Goddamned f**king lucky bastard.

"Baby..." he said, panting. "We should probably-"

"Finish."

Wes was going to say stop, even though it was the last thing he wanted to do. "Oh hell. I like your idea so much better."

Rubi laughed, then her lids grew heavy and she licked her lips. "I can't wait to taste you."

Once she slid his c**k between her lips again, all teasing, all playtime, was over. She was on a mission to make him shatter. Her tongue did things he'd never felt before. The slide of her lips, the texture of her mouth, the pleasured sounds vibrating over his length was way beyond his experience. This was a woman who loved to suck cock. And the difference from a woman who did it as a favor or a chore was indescribable.

Wes sank his hands deep into her silky hair again, rested his head against the door, and set his eyes on the erotic sight of Rubi f**king him-wantonly, like she couldn't get enough-with her mouth.

Once he let go of the resistance to come, the orgasm was there, pounding on the door, demanding release. The heat, the pressure, the spiraling lust slamming against his senses, over and over like waves in a storm.

"Rubi..." He growled through clenched teeth.

She looked up at him as she pulled his length from her mouth, oh, so innocently. "What?"

"Finish, please."

"Finish what, Wes? Say it."

"Suck me off." The words were a harsh demand. To say he was on edge wouldn't begin to cover this rampage of lust.

A slow, fiery smile slid over her face. "Do you have any idea how wet that makes me? Say it again."

"Goddammit." If Rachel came back and he hadn't come, he'd go insane. "Suck me, Rubi. Now."

She licked her lips and pulled him into her mouth again. Whatever she did then had been reserved for this moment, because he hadn't felt that combination of pull, suck, and slide until now.

A sound of surprise rolled up his throat. A sound that quickly turned into a growl of such intense need, Wes's mind whited out. "Baby...baby..." He panted between words. "I'm gonna... I can't...fuck..."

The orgasm exploded at the center of his hips, raced up his spine and flashed through his chest. His balls squeezed, his c**k surged, his ass clenched, driving him forward, and Wes gushed into the hot, dark, soft, succulent, tight recesses of her mouth.

Pleasure--rich, thrilling, decadent--slammed through him in wave after wave of heat. "Fuck, f**k, f**k."

He couldn't keep his voice down. Couldn't control the sounds he made. His brain was gone, and Wes struggled to get a sliver of it back, but it kept slipping away, and in the end, he gave himself over to the ravage of his orgasm. One that lasted longer and reached deeper, than the one in the shower the night before.

He didn't remember the moment his knees gave, but he slid to the floor, pulling from Rubi's mouth at the same time. He landed on his ass, panting. "Holy... Shit..." He dropped his head against the door, his eyes falling closed. He couldn't do more than grope for Rubi's hand and curl his fingers around it. "Rubi...Christ..."

His body felt as if it had been infused with champagne, every cell fizzing.

He cracked his lids, glanced over her satisfied grin. Her tongue lazed over her bottom lip.

"You taste as good as I imagined," she said, reaching forward to run her fingers through his sweat-dampened hair. "And you're so f**king sexy coming in my mouth."

"You don't have to say that." He forced his other hand up and ran the back of his finger against her cheek. "Even without it, that would have been the best I've ever had. With, it was...un-fucking-believable."

She closed her hand around his and pulled it low on her body. "Want to feel how much I love sucking you?"

Her hand pushed his beneath the waistband of her shorts and between her legs. She stroked his fingers against her panties.

She was drenched, right through the silk. His mind stirred back to life and he eased the band of her panties aside to touch deeper. Her body licked his fingertips, opened to take them in, then closed snuggly around them.

"You're...wicked," Wes managed to whisper. "And I love it."

Rubi's lids went heavy, and her hand tightened over his. "Make me come."

"Oh, yeah." He shifted with the intent of pushing her to her back and taking all that deliciousness in his mouth. "Fuck yeah."

Before he could even get her button undone, footsteps sounded on the steps again, followed by a purposeful knock, and Rachel's annoyed voice. "All right you two. I know you're in there. I have witnesses. Pull up your pants and let me in. Some of us have work to do."

Wes groaned in disappointment. He reluctantly pulled his hand from between her legs. Rubi leaned forward and kissed him, whispering, "Later."

His heart flipped. His chest tightened. Later was promising.

Another knock.

"Hold the f**k on, Rachel," Wes said. "My zipper's stuck."

Rubi and Rachel burst out laughing at the same time. Wes tucked himself away, fastened up, and pushed to his feet. Blood rushed to his head, and he swayed, grabbing the doorknob for balance. Rubi's laugh rose in pitch, more like a giggle. Something he'd never imagined coming out of her.

She moved to the refrigerator and pulled out two bottles of water as Wes opened the door. Little sweet Rachel barged past him, stopped in the middle of the room, and took a deep breath. "God, I love the smell of sex. Probably because I don't get any."

A laugh rolled out of Wes. She was just messing with them.

She waved dismissively to him. "Dirty deed is done, go away now."

Wes's face heated, and he rubbed it with both hands, groaning. "Rachel-"

"Don't worry, I won't tell Jax." She glanced at him over the rim of her glasses. "This time."

"Fies-tay," Rubi intoned playfully, handing Wes one of the bottles and uncapping her own to take a deep drink, reminding him of what she'd just done to him. Those after-awesome-sex sizzles kicked up again. "That's our Rachel."

"Not, evidently, as feisty as you," she said, shooting a look at Rubi. "If I were, I might get laid once in a while."

Rubi laughed easily, as if getting caught didn't bother her in the least...but then he realized who he was applying that social taboo to and mentally rolled his eyes at himself. She strolled to Rachel's desk, reached over, and pulled the clip from the other girl's hair. A mass of chestnut waves fell around her pixie face, transforming Rachel from cute to...double-take pretty.

"Rubi!" Rachel half laughed, half cried, grabbing for the clip.

"Now that's my little grasshopper." Rubi stood back, grinning. "Leave all that gorgeous hair down a little more often around here, and I bet you lunch, you get asked out twice as often. Might even get some."

Wes only half listened to them. Relief and pleasure streamed through his body. He wanted a nap. Curled up with Rubi.

She turned, picked up the rig from the other desk, and faced him. "Now...let's discuss your other awesome rig."

His elation slowly drained. He watched Rubi pick up the rig from the corner desk, stuffed his hands into his pockets, and stopped beside her.

"So what's the urgency?" she asked, her gaze appraising the rig with keen interest.

His gut tensed. He wasn't worried about her being upset that he was leaving, but he did worry her newfound interest in taking that next step in their relationship could evaporate in his absence.

He cleared his throat and explained Bolton's problems and the problems that created for Renegades and filming.

"So, I'm going to have time on my hands until Bolton gets out of rehab." A fist curled around his gut. "If I'm going to see Wyatt and bring him the rig, I'm going to have to go in the next couple of days."

Rubi lowered the rig so fast, it hit the desk with a crack. Her head turned sharply toward Wes, and the look in her eyes made that fist in his gut turn to ice.

"You're leaving?" Her voice wavered between surprise and frustration. But it was the edge of vulnerability that sliced through him. "Just like that?"

"She grew up with her father leaving her at the drop of a hat." Lexi's words from the other night filled his head, and his chest vibrated with guilt.

He darted a look at Rachel and saw that she was on the phone.

"I'm sorry, baby," he told Rubi softly. "I just found out in the last ten minutes."

She returned her gaze to the rig, all the openness and lightness in her expression now tight and dark. "Well then..." She turned, rig in hand, and started toward the door. "I'd better get going on this."

Fourteen

Rubi paced her living room, arms crossed, the long skirt matching her bikini brushing her calves. The conference call with NSA droned in her ear through the headset, but her mind was on the rig lying on her coffee table. A cord snaked between her computer and the motherboard she'd added to the unit.

Restless, she wandered around the back of the sofa and glanced at the screen. Still downloading. Once all the data she'd collected loaded, she could test the program.

She'd been angsty since Wes told her the filming schedule with Renegades had changed and that he was going to head home now instead of in a few weeks. He was leaving tomorrow. Tomorrow. And, damn, didn't that just put a chink in her plans to try to build something with him? The fact that he was up and leaving after she'd taken that jump just...really tweaked her psyche.

Her fears weren't rational, she knew. He traveled all the time. Or at least he had before they'd nailed this Bond contract. But that wouldn't last forever. If she wanted to be with him, she was going to have to get used to him traveling, schedule changes, upheavals in schedules. She knew it happened with Jax. Even with the Bond film, the Renegades jumped between jobs all over the freaking globe. The only reason Wes was grounded in LA right now was because of the scenes he was working with Bolton.

She hadn't even realized it would be a problem until he'd sprung it on her this morning, and a familiar dark current of fear coursed through her chest. The same one she'd had too often throughout her childhood.

Double-checking the call-and the exhilarating project-budget discussion-was on mute, she reminded herself, "This isn't the same. It's no big deal."

But the jumping in her chest wasn't helping her convince herself of that. Deeply buried fears she hadn't fully learned to manage urged her to pull back. Warned her to shield herself from the hurt of having him walk out of her life, never sure when he'd come back. Or if he'd come back.

"He's not your father." She repeated the words, but they weren't sinking in. Probably because they didn't make any sense. "Goddammit, get your shit together, Rubi."

She'd been realigning her brain all damn day, and like a rubber band, it just kept snapping back to old patterns of fear.

Glancing toward the kitchen, she could just make out Rodie's tail peeking out from behind the island, where he lay on the floor at the glass sliding doors. Another pinch of worry tightened her chest. He'd been there all day, head on his paws, staring out the door, instead of curled on the sofa beside her. If this malaise lasted until morning, she'd have to take him to the vet.

Her cell, sitting on the coffee table next to the rig, vibrated. She picked it up, tapped out of the call screen-wishing she could tap out of the call altogether-and found a text from Wes.

WES: I've got a big, tasty piece of meat grilling for you.

A small laugh popped out of her throat. Big and tasty was right. She would not let this sudden trip ruffle her. I will not.

RUBI: I could go for leftovers. Brunch was a-maz-ing.

WES: Girl, you're making me hard again.

RUBI: Just the way I like you. I'm stuck on an NSA conference call.

She glanced at the clock on her computer screen. It was way too freaking late for business. Damned overseas contractors.

She told herself that was where her annoyance stemmed from, but she was irritated by several things aside from the circling, repetitive statements in her ear. She had knots in her neck from working on the rig's programming for eight straight freaking hours. She'd spent a sleepless night reliving her encounter with Wes, her thoughts flipping between "right" and "wrong." And now this trip...

WES: I didn't know our government actually worked.

RUBI: They don't. They spend all their time talking about working.

WES: You're bringing Rodie, right? I picked up a Frisbee for him today.

Her mouth quirked.

RUBI: Nice. Thank you. But, no, I'm not bringing him. He doesn't play well with other people. Never warmed up to Lexi or Jax.

WES: He's just got to get out more, interact. He's as sweet as his mama.

Rubi sighed and closed her eyes. A gooey sensation spread through her chest, followed quickly by a flash of uncomfortable heat.

"Learned behavior," she told herself. "You can break this pattern."

She wandered into the kitchen to stand by Rodie and stare out at the ocean. The repetitive roll of waves layered her stress with a blanket of relief. Consistent. Ever present. Powerful. Protective. The ocean seemed to wrap her in a certainty of forever, helping with her jumpy nerves.

She glanced down at Rodie for the hundredth time today. His eyes were open, scanning every movement on the beach. She crouched beside him and stroked him, head to tail. "How are you doing, baby?"

He lifted his head, wagged his tail, and licked her face. But then immediately resumed his sad position. This just wasn't like him. He was an impossibly happy dog. Maybe she should call the vet. Then she thought of Wes and his experience with animals.

RUBI: I'm worried he might be sick. Do you know how to tell?

WES: I'm already halfway to your place, coming to check up on you. I'll take a look at him.

Her heart tripped at the news that he was close. An immediate bite of irritation followed. She didn't want these unsettling feelings. These little unexpected zings of electricity every time she thought of him were beyond annoying.

She smoothed her hand over Rodie's head. "Wes is coming to see you, baby."

At Wes's name, Rodie's head came off the floor. He pushed into a sitting position and his ears tilted forward. His eyes sparked with an alertness Rubi hadn't seen all day.

"Rubi, how's it going on your end?" The voice in her ear redirected her attention.

She pressed her Mute button and replied to the woman overseeing the project. "Great," she lied. She'd been skimming time from the NSA project to program the apps for Renegades-because the apps were fun and the NSA project was mind-numbingly boring. After forgoing them both to work on Wes's project, she was going to be sleeping very little over the next week. "Everything's on target."

Rodie pushed to his feet, tail wagging fiercely, ears perked. His whines picked up volume and pitch. Frowning, Rubi peered out the door. A figure jogged their direction. She narrowed her eyes on her dog-the animal who loved no one but Rubi. The animal that growled and threatened everyone who came within half a mile of the house.

She crossed her arms and glared down at Rodie. He was acting completely normal. His lighthearted, happy self. Rubi shook her head and muttered, "You little traitor."

His paws were up against the glass before Wes was within half a mile, wearing nothing but swim trunks.

She rubbed the back of her neck and slid open the door, then the screen. Rodie let out a bark and took off toward Wes, ignoring a pair of Labradors walking with a man the other direction.

"Hey there, buddy," Wes called to Rodie as the dog approached, then dropped to his knees in the sand. Rodie jumped on him, paws on Wes's shoulders, licking his face. Wes's head tilted back, and laughter rolled from his throat, the deep, rich sound tingling through Rubi's body. "Seems like you're feeling pretty good."

Rubi shook her head and touched the Mute button to sign off the call with the others. She was pulling the earpiece off when he looked up and spotted her standing in the doorway. Even several yards away now, she could see the joy in his smile.

Her stomach took a tumble, then squeezed, spurting adrenaline through her upper body. And this time when she tuned in to the emotions, there were far more what-ifs? than "no ways."

He stood, flung the Frisbee toward Rubi's house, and Rodie took off after it. Wes followed. Rubi left the door open for him and returned to the living room to check on the program. Rodie trotted into the house first, a red Frisbee clutched in his mouth, his deep brown eyes sparkling and a bounce in his step.

Wes appeared a moment later, his swim trunks covered in big red Hawaiian flowers on a white background contrasting with his tanned skin-all that tanned skin wrapping his muscles.

He crouched in front of Rodie again, taking his face in both hands. "He looks good. Is he eating okay? Drinking water?"

"Yes," she said, shooting him a lightly disgusted look. "Little faker perked right up when your name was mentioned."

The concern vanished from his expression, replaced by a wide grin and a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. "Told you he'd love me."

Rubi returned her gaze to the screen with a smirk.

He rounded the sofa to stand behind her and pressed his hands to her shoulders. With her upper body clad in only a bikini top, his palms were hot and slightly rough. The sensation flashed her back in time, to the feel of his fingers inside her. God, he'd known just where, just how to touch her. Warmth spread low in her body.

His fingers flared over the back of her neck, exposed with her hair in a loose, messy twist. She closed her eyes and let out a long breath of relief.

"Baby, you're all knotted up." His voice registered guilt. "Have you been working on this all day?"

"Had to. We need time to test it. And, honestly, Wes, this is a total experiment. I don't know if it's such a great idea to use it on someone who just had surgery."

"Everything in the world starts as an experiment." He rubbed her shoulders. "The physical therapist knows all about the rig, and she's consulted with Wyatt's surgeon. But I didn't realize it was going to be so time-consuming for you. I know when someone needs a break, and someone recently taught me all about getting rid of this tension."

His thumbs made small circles, spreading relief down her neck. She let out a breathy moan and sank back on the sofa. Wes pressed a thumb to the knot. Rubi's moan transitioned to a whimper.

"Don't tense against me." He repeated the words she'd said to him when she'd massaged the knots from his neck, but added a thick layer of suggestion. "Let go," he murmured, leaning close to kiss the back of her neck. "Let your body respond to me."

She sighed and let more tension out of her muscles. Within seconds, the knot melted beneath his thumb. Rubi groaned with relief. "Oh my God. You're a quick learner."

Her computer pinged, signaling the completed transfer. "Done. Shall we give it a try?"

"You're incredible." He came around the sofa and took the rig she handed to him. As he swung it around his hips, Rubi lowered to her knees and reached for the straps.

"I added a few variations in the program with the exercises you sent me." She pointed to the e-mail he'd sent earlier that day. "Go in order. But don't expect much. It's on the lowest power setting."

She shifted to sit on the coffee table while Wes stretched out on the sofa. He pulled his knees to his chest. Did a few leg lifts. A few stretches. "I can barely feel it."

"Good. He'll use this setting later in his recovery, when his muscles are strong and he doesn't need as much help. Roll to your side, and I'll put in the strongest program. He'll use this one first."

Wes rolled away from Rubi. She opened the compartment near his spine where she'd had a friend insert a special relay and port for the micro discs.

"I'm a little worried about this one," she said as he lay back again. "Move very slow and don't put much effort into your muscles."

He laced his fingers behind his head and watched his right knee as he pulled it into his body. With barely more effort than the tension of his muscle, the rig responded. The motor revved, hinge turned, straps lifted his leg.

"Whoa." His eyes widened, and he grinned.

"Is that a good whoa or a bad whoa?"

"It's...powerful." He tested out more movements. "It's like...man, like I'm not using any muscle at all. Like the rig is doing all the work."

A flash of excitement made Rubi squeal. She clapped her hands. "That's exactly the way it's supposed to work."

"Christ, you're adorable." Wes sat up, reaching for her.

Rubi gasped and put a hand to his shoulder. "No, Wes-"

The rig reacted to the use of his muscles, the sensors reading his effort and multiplying it according to the program. The rig took over, jerking his legs. His knees bent and knocked him back on the sofa hard.

"Oh my God." Rubi lunged toward him, reached behind his back, and hit the Power button. Her shock ebbed into fear, and her heart hammered. All the tension drained from the rig, and Wes's legs relaxed onto the sofa. She ran her hands over his thighs where his muscles spasmed beneath her fingers. "Are you okay? Are you hurt?"

"I'm...okay. But, shit." He laughed the word but immediately grew serious. "Good thing we tried this out. I can't have that happening to Wyatt."

"It wouldn't," she said, massaging the flinching muscles. "It was just reacting to your sudden movement. I can't imagine he'd move like that, but..." Concern seeped in. "Maybe I should program in some safety levels. Or create some noise filters, to guard against the rig responding to muscle spasms." Her eyes searched out his. "Wes, you're going to have to be with him when he uses this. It's not like anything on the market. The physical therapist won't know how to use it or control it. Christ, I don't want this to hurt-"

He reached up and cupped her face. "I'll stay with him whenever he uses it."

"Maybe you should keep it with you. I wouldn't want someone else to try it...." Suddenly this was sounding problematic. "God, Wes, I don't know..."

He ran his thumb over her cheek, his eyes warm and reassuring. "I'll keep it with me. No one else will use it with him until I train them. And I'll train Wyatt. It'll be fine."

Still, panic fluttered in her chest. "Maybe...maybe this isn't such a good idea... I mean, it's a great concept and an awesome rig, it's got a hell of a lot of potential, but, maybe it's not ready for-"

Wes pressed his thumb against her lips. "Rubi, it's going to be fine. It's going to be amazing." He paused, and thought drifted through his eyes. "Hey, why don't you come with me?"

The words didn't immediately sink in. When they did, the panic in her chest ignited in flame. She pulled back. "What? No-"

"No one knows how this works better than you," he said. "You could supervise. You could work with the therapist-" He stopped suddenly, his gaze clouding over. But it cleared a second later, refocusing on her. "Or just me and Wyatt after I talk to the therapist."

"I can't go, I'm working-"

"You can work anywhere, and you know it."

"I have a deadline, Wes, and your family..." Oh God, yeah-there was a red flag. His family. "No," she said, steadfast. "Thank you for offering, but no. You can handle it."

She unstrapped the rig from his thighs, once again tense and uncomfortable. Pulling the disc from the unit, she slid it into a baggie with the others. "They're labeled according to which he should start with. He needs to start with the strongest power and work backward, which is not intuitive. So, please, Wes, if you don't remember that or explain it to others-"

He rested his hands on her shoulders. She couldn't read his eyes now, as if he'd closed off. "I get it, Rubi. I'm not stupid or careless."

Pain zinged across her ribs. "I never... I don't mean... I know you're not. I'm just...worried."

"Which is why you should come with me. We don't have to stay with my parents. We'll get a hotel nearby."

"Stay with your- What are you thinking? I can't even manage a decent relationship with my only relative. You can't expect me to jump into your family as if I know what I'm doing." She held up her hands, palms out. "Look, I trust you with the rig. You can handle it."

"Fine, fine." He released her, but frustration filled his voice and disappointment tightened his expression. "Relax."

She sat on the edge of the sofa, closed her laptop, and rested her head in her hand, rubbing her temple. "Sorry. The whole family thing just... I don't understand it, and I'm not... I just don't do family."

"I get it," he said, curving an arm around her shoulders. "I'm sorry too. I'm not thrilled with this change of plans, and I'm going to miss you. Come on. We should get over to Jax's before he calls looking for us."

Fifteen

Wes stood still while Rubi unsnapped the rig's straps-again.

After that bizarre shock to his thigh muscles, she'd insisted on bringing the computer and rig to Lexi and Jax's so she could add some safety measures to the program.

He was zero for two with Rubi today. He'd really stepped in it when he'd sprung his schedule change on her earlier. The look on her face when he'd told her he'd be leaving in a day instead of a week or more had shot an icy cold streak through him. The dismay and hurt had lasted only an instant before she'd expertly shut off her emotions like a light. But that moment had given him a glimpse of what she must have looked like as a kid, receiving word her father had left town again without notice. She'd denied caring when he'd tried to explain the schedule change, but he could tell she was still out of sorts. Then he'd gone and done it again when he'd asked her to go to Missouri with him.

He hated knowing he'd upset her. But what really bugged him was that both incidents were minor, everyday, normal events-a schedule change and an invite to meet the parents. But for Rubi...obviously trigger points. On the other hand, she could climax on a crowded dance floor without pause, get caught giving him a blowjob and grin.

He was trying to understand-he was-but he just didn't get it.

"It's not something someone who's had a normal upbringing would understand."

Lexi's words drilled into him, making him even more frustrated. How did he cope with something-or help Rubi cope with something-he couldn't understand?

"Are you okay?" Rubi's concern drew him out of his daze. She had that one vertical line of worry between her brows as she looked up at him, her hands unhooking the bands from his thighs.

He ran a hand over her hair and nodded.

She pulled the rig off his hips and swung it clear of his body, pushing to her feet. Without heels, the top of her head just cleared his chin, and as he looked down at her now, she seemed so much smaller, somehow more fragile than he'd ever thought of her before.

Her hand lifted and cupped his jaw. "Hey," she said, voice soft, so much real emotion in her eyes it made his stomach clench. "Really. Are you okay? You've been...I don't know... distracted since we got here."

He covered her hand with his, turned his head, and kissed her palm. "You're worried about me, while I'm worried about you."

"These are my issues, Wes, not yours."

"Yours are mine."

"Go play with Rodie." She stepped back. "You two seem to make each other happy."

Rubi walked back to the table where Jax and Lexi talked about the new house as they cleared dishes from the table. She connected the rig to her computer with a cable, sat, and propped her feet up on another chair. Her fingers started flying over the keyboard. How her mind worked that fast, he couldn't fathom.

He approached the table and picked up the Frisbee. Rodie danced on his hind legs beside him.

"You don't have time for that, Lex," Jax was saying. "I'll hire an interior designer. They'll make it just the way you want it."

"Why is it going to be the way I want it?" Lexi asked. "It's your house."

Jax wrapped his free arm around her shoulders, pulled her against him, and kissed her hard. "Our house," he said as she smiled up at him. "Let's practice. Repeat after me. Our. House."

Lexi stretched up on her toes, her hands filled with plates. "I kinda want to practice something else."

And she kissed him again. Jax groaned. He set the dishes in his hand down without breaking the kiss and gripped Lexi's face, pulling her in and kissing her hard. Wes didn't know how he knew, but he just knew-those two were going to last the distance. He was both thrilled for them and envious of them at the same time.

Rodie let out one impatient bark, dragging Wes's gaze down to his brindle-and-white face. He took one look at those lopsided ears and smiled. He was one really freaking great dog, which, he knew from a lifetime of raising animals, said a lot about his owner. He glanced at Rubi once more and found her fingers still, hovering over the keys. When his gaze lifted to her face, she was staring, puzzled. The Are you really okay? look in her eyes propelled him toward the beach with the Frisbee.

The phone in his back pocket buzzed. He flung the Frisbee for Rodie, then pulled his phone out. "Yep."

"Hey, stranger." His sister's bouncy voice instantly quelled his unease. The tension slipped from his shoulders and his jaw loosened with a smile. Somehow, the simple sound of her voice brought balance back to his topsy-turvy world. His family had always grounded him.

"Hey, yourself. What's new?"

"Let's see," Whitney quipped in a way that made him smile. "Mom and Dad's clothes drier caught on fire this morning while Tori was at the hospital with Wyatt and Abby and Emma and their new puppy were at Mom and Dad's-"

"Puppy?" He watched Rodie jump the waves and grab the Frisbee. Wes had just talked with Tori, Wyatt's wife, two days ago, and she certainly hadn't said anything about a puppy. "Where the hell did the puppy come from?" He didn't wait for an answer before he moved on to an even bigger question. "And what the hell are they doing getting a puppy when Wyatt-?"

"Tori thought the girls needed a distraction. Said the girls were stressed and depressed with everything going on with Wyatt."

"Oh, for God's sake." He was suddenly reminded of the constant chaos that seemed to reign around his childhood home-family, friends, neighbors, pets, church groups, his mother's bunko club...and during harvest, complete mayhem for weeks. That brought up thoughts of his niece, Emma. "How's Emma dealing with that?"

"Well, you know Emma," Whitney said. "Depends on the day."

Yeah, he did know. Her autism made it difficult for her to tolerate such chaos. "You didn't suggest that slice of insanity, did you?"

"Bite your tongue."

He shook his head at just another one of his sister-in-law's bizarre whims. Kinda like deciding to get pregnant without discussing it with Wyatt, and before they'd decided to get married. Although, Wes had to smile when he thought of his oldest niece, the little result of that whim. "That girl... Shit, you know I love her, but sometimes..."

"Believe me, I know. I live here."

Wes chuckled. "Lots of room out here in California, not to mention a shitload of messed-up heads for you to shrink. You'd be a millionaire in no time."

"Ah, California..." she said wistfully, then, "Speaking of, Mom tells me you're flying in tomorrow. I drew the short straw, so I'm stuck on airport duty. You'll have to take me out for drinks to make it up to me."

"Deal," Wes said. "How's Wyatt?"

"Little better every day. Depressed, which is to be expected. Tori's...well, Tori. Up, down, sideways."

"This has got to be hell on her."

"It is." Whitney's voice turned sad. "It's pretty much hell on everyone."

"Well, I have good news."

"Yeah?"

"The physical therapy rig I'm making is really coming along. I've got a friend helping me with it. She's programmed it to respond to muscle stimuli. She's just adding some safety features as we speak. The whole thing is pretty slick. But don't tell anyone yet. I don't want Wyatt to get his hopes up until I have it in my hands, ready to go. I really think this is going to work great, Whit. Get him on his feet faster and stronger."

"God, I hope so. It's an amazing concept, and you could build a spaceship out of a trash can. So how are things with you?"

He reached down to take the Frisbee from Rodie's mouth, and the pup shook out his wet fur, spraying Wes with cool seawater. He glanced over his shoulder toward Rubi and found her watching him, a soft smile on her face. "Another day in paradise."

Whitney laughed, and the sound made Wes smile. He did miss his family. He missed the support and sounding board they'd always provided.

Which prompted Wes to say, "Hey, Whit?" before he'd fully thought out what he was going to say, then stumbling through, "Do you know much about...neglect?"

She hesitated. "What kind of neglect?"

"In kids. You know, when parents aren't around or don't care."

"Yeah," she said, drawing the word out with an uncertain tone. "But that's a broad topic. What's this about?"

"I have a friend I'm trying to understand better. She had a shitty father, no mother. The way we were raised...it's hard to relate."

"A friend...or a girlfriend?" Whitney asked.

"We're...kinda trying to figure that out."

"Oh." Her voice dropped with dread.

Wes shifted on his feet. "Oh, what?"

"Well...how much time do you have? It's not simple."

"Can you just give me the Cliff's notes?"

"Let me ask you this," Whitney said. "How deep are you in with her?"

Over his head-that was how deep. "Look," he backpedaled, suddenly feeling sick. "It's not a big deal. Forget I asked."

"That deep, huh?"

"Sorta, kinda, not...really..." Yes. That f**king deep.

A moment of silence followed. Wes pulled in a breath to cut off the awkwardness, but Whitney spoke before he could.

"The first thing you need to know is that no two cases of childhood neglect are alike, just like no two people are alike, so the effects are as unique as a fingerprint."

"But like a fingerprint, there are some overall similarities, right?"

"True. The most important of which-for you-would be the person's inability to form lasting relationships."

That statement felt like a punch to his gut. When she didn't go on, he said, "I'm listening."

"Neglect is just another form of abuse." So much compassion filled Whitney's tone, Wes cringed. He couldn't stand thinking of Rubi as an abused kid. "We can talk about this more when you're home, but when a child doesn't connect with some type of primary caregiver, they lack the ability to truly connect with people. They're often unable to trust, suffer poor self-esteem, and can't regulate or even understand their own emotions let alone others'. The longest-lasting effect is the PTSD-"

"Wait. What? She wasn't physically abused...at least I don't think..." Fuck, he didn't know. Every muscle in his body was tight.

"She didn't have to be. PTSD is an emotional reaction. Because she can't process them correctly, whenever they come-the fear, anger, sadness-she's going to want to run, or fight back."

Wes's mind was churning, remembering everything he'd learned about Rubi over the last two months, everything that had transpired with her over the last week. He glanced back at the group, where Lexi continued clearing the table, laughing at something Rubi said. "What if she has a really good friend? One she's had for a decade? Someone who's like a sister to her?"

"That's a good sign that she can hold a relationship together. But it's a woman-to-woman relationship, different from the way a woman exposes herself to a man when she's in love. Romantic relationships are typically the perfect storm for these people, Wes. No smooth sailing."

Wes's gut felt shredded now. "Are they... I don't know... I know this isn't the right word, but curable? I mean...can someone be rewired?"

"You must really like her," Whitney said, her voice soft.

Wes didn't confirm or deny. He was feeling a little fragile himself at the moment.

"Of course there's hope, Wes. I'm a psychologist. If I didn't believe I was helping people every day after all I've gone through to get here, I'd throw myself off a bridge. That said...after years of treating patients with childhood trauma, my advice to you-as my brother, whom I love and want to see happy-would be to back out as quickly and quietly as possible."

Yeah...no. Too late for that.

"So," he said, switching away from the uncomfortable topic, "do you need my flight info?"

"No. Mom gave it to me." Squealing echoed from the background. "Oh boy. Sounds like they're having more fun with the dog. I better go. See you tomorrow."

"Can't wait," Wes said, half-serious, half-dreading. "Bye."

He tossed the Frisbee one more time for Rodie as his sister's words lay heavily in his gut. But his optimistic side kept fighting on Rubi's behalf. He picked out all Rubi's awesome qualities, justified and rationalized backward, forward, sideways, and diagonally to give her the benefit of the doubt. To tell himself he could be the one who was different for her.

But his other side doubted. And dreaded. And second-guessed his decision to start this sexual affair. A sexual affair that had instantly turned into something far more for Wes.

"Dessert," Lexi called from the porch.

Wes waited for Rodie to return with the Frisbee, then started up the beach toward the house.

As he approached, Rubi closed her computer and met his gaze. Her eyes sparkled. Her smile heated. She leaned on the table and rested her chin in her palm. "Wes likes ice cream."

He instantly flashed back to her spread out over the kitchen counter, her gorgeous skin contrasted against the light granite, chocolate ice cream smeared over her already luscious body.

As he neared, Rubi's gaze remained on his, a combination of soft, sweet, and starving. Knowing she was remembering too blew the discomfort away like a breeze, and all the emotions that had broken through the dam just days ago flooded back in.

Oh yeah. He was tripping over this woman.

At the edge of the table, he pulled his phone from his pocket, then planted his hands and leaned down until his forehead touched hers. "I love that look in your eyes," he whispered. "What are you thinking about?"

One corner of her mouth tilted. "About you. In the shower. How incredibly handsome you looked with your hair wet and off your face. That wickedly intense expression in the moment." She lowered her voice and brought her mouth toward his ear. "The thought makes me wet."

His heart thumped so hard he didn't hear Lexi set down the bowl of strawberries at his elbow. He waited until she'd turned away before he whispered, "Want to stay with me tonight?"

She leaned back enough to meet his eyes.

When she didn't answer, he added, "Rodie can stay, too. I'll even let him sleep on the bed. Just not between us."

Her gaze searched his a moment before she said, "That's...not really my thing."

"Neither is f**king a guy more than once," he said, keeping his voice private. "Or sex with no condom. But you've blown through those ideas with flying colors."

She pressed a hand to his cheek and turned her head to kiss his lips. He wasn't sure why, but her kissing him in front of Jax and Lexi sent his hopes skyrocketing. "I'll think about it."

The smile on her mouth told Wes that was far more of a yes than a no, and his heart constricted with hope.

"You two need a room?" Jax asked. "We've got plenty right behind you."

Wes pushed up from the table, his head light. To cover the intensity of his emotions, he went for melodrama-and heat reduction-by slapping his hand to his chest as if he were having a heart attack, stumbled backward, and fell flat on his back in the pool.

Cool water bathed his body, closed over his head, and a moment of dense silence encapsulated him. When he broke the surface, he laid his head back so the water pushed his hair off his face. Rubi and Lexi were laughing. Jax sat in a chair with a smirk on his face, shaking his head.

"What about now," Wes asked Rubi.

A slow nod tilted her head and she spoke around laughter. "Definitely leaning toward an affirmative."

"Yes!" Wes pumped a dripping fist in the air and enjoyed another round of her laughter as he pushed out of the pool. God, he loved making her laugh. Making her happy. It had become his primary daily focus. And the thought of holding her all night, his body tangled with hers, sounded like absolute ecstasy.

Grabbing a towel from one of the patio chairs, he watched Rubi fix an empty plate with pound cake, strawberries, vanilla ice cream, and whipped cream, then slide it toward the spot next to her before putting a few strawberries and a dollop of whipped cream on a plate for herself. He had no idea what it was about watching her fix a plate for him that made him go all funky inside, but it did.

As soon as he sat down, a phone rang. Everyone looked down and checked pockets.

"It's mine," Rubi said, pulling her iPhone from her purse at her feet and frowning at the screen.

She tapped a button and put it to her ear. "Rubi Russo."

She put a strawberry in her mouth as she listened, and Wes cut into the shortcake she'd made for him with the side of his own fork. A vertical crease appeared between her eyes. "Excuse...me?"

Her eyes narrowed, mouth tightened, body stiffened. Wes swore the air around her crackled with burgeoning anger.

His stomach fell. He could just about bet whoever was on the other line had just ruined his chance to sleep with her tonight.

Sixteen

Rubi searched her mind to make sense of this, but nothing congealed. And even though she was sure she'd heard the man on the other end of the call correctly the first time, she asked him, "Can you repeat that, please?"

The man gave a heavy, irritable huff. "My name is Richard Klein," he said in a tone someone would use with a bratty five-year-old. "I'm a real estate broker with Exceptional Properties in Los Angeles, and I'm standing in front of your house with a prospective buyer, but the key in the lock box isn't opening the door."

A dark, heavy sensation grew in the pit of her stomach. "That would be because the house isn't up for sale. Your office obviously made a mistake. Maybe you have the wrong Rubi Russo. Where did you get this number?"

"It was listed as belonging to the resident." His growing frustration oozed from his voice. "Do you live at 961 Wildflower Terrace?"

"Yes, but-"

"And is the owner of the house Mr. Rudolpho Russo?"

Fuck.

Her stomach sank.

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.

Anger roiled beneath the shock.

That bastard.

"Ms. Russo?" Klein prodded.

"Yes," she bit out. "But the house is not on the market."

"Did you miss the gigantic lock box on the front door?" Klein's voice denounced Rubi's ignorance and rose incrementally with each question.

"I don't use the front door, Mr. Klein, I use the kitchen door. And last time I checked, I couldn't read minds. Since I was not informed, that would make you and your clients SOL."

"Look," he huffed the word, "I don't want to argue with you. I'd simply like to show the house. Can you please open the front door or tell me how to get in?"

"Um...no." She hoped her own you f**king idiot tone came through loud and clear, then reminded herself not to shoot the messenger-even if he was a pompous ass. "Until someone of authority tells me directly the house is on the market, the door remains locked."

Rubi disconnected the call and stared at the phone. Billows and billows of anger pluming inside her body, raising her temperature, quickening her heart. Everyone at the table must have recognized her fury, because no one said anything for a heavy, extended moment.

"That thoughtless, selfish, greedy bastard." She ground out the barely audible words from between clenched teeth.

"Maybe it's a mistake," Lexi offered, but her unsettled voice gave her away.

Lexi knew what a f**ker Dolph was. She'd warned Rubi about living in the house. And knew how often Dolph sliced Rubi every time she held out a reconciling hand-even though she had nothing to reconcile for-other than being born.

Lexi didn't deserve Rubi's ire, but the emotions were slipping out of her control. "You damn well know this is not a mistake."

Lexi's lips twisted. "Probably not."

"What's"-Wes's tentative voice tugged at her-"going on?"

Rubi's eyes slid closed, humiliation layering fury...and betrayal...and self-denigration. Her solid world fell away from beneath her feet as if Dolph had opened a trapdoor. Again. Her emotions were hot. Black. Ugly.

She dialed her father's office, her jaw clenching so hard her teeth hurt. No one at the table said anything as the phone rang in her ear. She could feel three sets of concerned and confused eyes on her, which only infused shame.

"I'm sorry." She stood, trying not to register the worry. "Go ahead and eat."

Wandering toward the edge of the pool deck, she waited, her mind pinging and spinning.

"Russo Industries, Dolph Russo's office," his secretary answered. A new secretary by the unfamiliar sound of her voice, and the fact that she was still there at nearly ten o'clock at night. Dolph went through secretaries like water. "How may I help you?"

"This is Rubi Russo, Dolph's unfortunate offspring. Put him on the line, please."

"I'm sorry, Ms. Russo, he's on a conference call. I can-"

"You can," she said, squeezing her eyes shut to hold her temper and the burgeoning hurt, "tell the self-centered bastard to put the conference call on hold and talk to his daughter. This is an emergency."

"Uh...please hold, Ms. Russo."

The deeper the news sank, the angrier she grew.

"I'm sorry, Ms. Russo," the secretary came back on the line. "He isn't able to speak with you right now."

That f**ker. "Did you tell him it was an emergency?"

"Yes, ma'am, I-"

"Tell him I'm in the hospital, dying." Rubi was done. So f**king done with this man. She didn't need this shit in her life. "Go on. Tell him."

"Uh...hold on, please."

She wished she was holding a regular phone. One she could slam down to disconnect. That was one major drawback to cell phones.

The line picked up again with a hesitant, "Ms. Russo? I'm so sorry. Is there something I can do for you? Your father can't come to the phone."

Her anger intensified until she couldn't speak.

"Ms. Russo?"

She scraped in air. "Yes," she rasped. "You can quit before he ruins your existence."

Rubi stabbed the End button and stood there, one hand gripping the railing, one her phone. And for the millionth time in her life, a sense of complete, primal betrayal filled her.

"Hey." Wes's soft voice behind her made her squeeze her eyes closed.

"Sorry about that." She turned but couldn't meet his eyes. Instead she focused on the supple muscle of his pecs. "I have to go."

"Where?"

"I have to straighten this out with Dolph." She started past Wes toward the table. "I'm sorry," she said again to everyone. "I didn't mean to ruin dinner."

Rubi picked up her purse. "Come on, Rodie."

Rodie climbed to his feet where he lay beside Wes's chair and trotted to her.

"Where are you going?" Lexi asked.

"His office. He can't ignore me if I yank that phone from his hand and brain him with it.""I'll drive you." Wes grabbed his T-shirt off the table.

"No." No no no. He'd already witnessed enough of her bad side. A bad side he now knew was multifaceted. "Thank you, but no. That kind of exposure would tarnish all your shine."

"You're not driving this angry." Wes's statement was final, forceful. The demand rankled, and she shot him a glare. "I'll drive you," he repeated with a look so serious she knew she'd have a battle on her hands to get out of there alone. And she just didn't have the energy. She needed to save it all for Dolph.

"Take my car," Lexi told Wes. "Keys are on the kitchen counter. And grab something of mine from the dresser in the bedroom. Leave Rodie. He'll be fine here."

"You know I appreciate you guys, but this is my mess-"

Wes grabbed her hand. "Let's go."

She grumbled a, "Fine," and changed into a pair of Lexi's jeans and a long-sleeved V-necked shirt while Wes waited downstairs. When she met him at the front door, he'd pulled on jeans as well.

He stayed silent through the first ten minutes of the drive, which gave her time to get herself together after the jolt. Wes was either as patient as a saint or scared to ask her anything lest she bite off his head. But the longer Rubi had to think about Dolph's latest betrayal, the further into her shell she curled. The more she second-guessed having men in her life at all. And after witnessing the mess she and Dolph called a relationship, Wes's interest in her might just flatline, eliminating the problem of their developing relationship all together.

"I've never seen you angry." Wes's voice finally pierced the hum of road noise in a thoughtful, relaxed tone.

"Not pretty, right?"

"Oh, you're always pretty. Just not exactly...your style. I mean, you've always been composed to the point of self-possession. Self-confident but flippant and easygoing. Which"-his voice dropped-"is one reason I think I enjoy watching you come apart with me."

His sexual reference flooded her pelvis with heat, temporarily distracting her.

"Sure you're not overreacting?" he asked.

A barb of annoyance prickled inside her. She didn't need that pointed out. "Really? A real estate agent appears at my door at nine o'clock on a weekday night to show a house I didn't know was for sale? A house I've offered to buy-from my father no less-and been ignored? I don't know, Wes, am I overreacting?"

"I didn't know you'd offered to buy it, but...maybe. A little."

Traffic on the 405 was light tonight, and Wes kept Lexi's car at the speed limit, probably to give Rubi a chance to change her mind. Wouldn't happen. She was calling that f**ker on his blatant disregard. It might mean nothing to Dolph, but it meant something to Rubi. Confronting him was important for Rubi to do for herself.

"Maybe you should talk about it before we get there," Wes suggested in his even tone. "You know...decompress a little."

"This has been building for twenty-five years," Rubi said, simmering with something that had developed into complete disgust. Occasionally bordering pure hatred-like now. "I won't decompress in ten minutes."

"Okay. What about giving me a little background so I know what we're walking into."

"It would be better if you stayed in the car." She wasn't trying to be bitchy, but she really worked better on her own. All this "help" only made her second-guess herself. Only made her more insecure.

"And let you strangle him with your bare hands?" he asked. "Sorry, baby, I wouldn't survive living without you for fifteen to life."

A huff of laughter escaped her throat, but no humor resided there. Only irony. And a twist of discomfort at his insinuation that he needed her. Or that they'd be together for the long-term. She couldn't go there now. She was way too messed up to think about what she had going with Wes.

Rubi laid her head back on the seat and kept her gaze out the window. She hated admitting it, but she did feel better having Wes with her. Stronger. Safer. More grounded. More rational. Which was how she usually felt with Lexi's support. And the fact that Wes had become an influence similar to Lexi in just two months... That really tweaked her. She'd never been good at depending on others. Had always felt safest operating under her own control. Depending on only herself.

Then when people left, she wasn't stranded-emotionally or physically.

So much betrayal lay between Rubi and Dolph, she couldn't even begin to describe the damage to their relationship. Or, she realized-maybe for the first time with any clarity-fix the damn thing.

"I've offered to buy the house," she said. "He's always brushed me off. And before you ask, yes, I offered him market price. I never expected any favors."

"Why didn't he sell it to you?"

"Anything related to money is a game for him. He'd never tell me why, just refused. Or ignored. He's excellent at pretending I don't exist."

"You don't have to tell me," Wes said, "but I'm curious. What is market value?"

"Last time I offered-about three months ago-fourteen million."

Wes whistled softly through his teeth. "That's some big cash. I knew you made good money, like really good money, but I didn't realize... I don't know if I can afford all the work you've already done on the rig." He hummed, the sound worried and melodramatic. "I may have to pay it back in favors."

That made a smile lift her mouth. She knew what kind of favors he had in mind. But she was too disjointed to banter with him. "I told you, I'm charging you Jax's rate."

"Yeah, but we never discussed what Jax's rate is."

"I never let Jax pay for anything."

She rested her elbow on the door handle and rubbed her forehead. The futility of going to Dolph's office was sinking in. She'd never get a real answer from him. She'd never be able to instill the concept of personal violation or common human decency he should have employed in this situation. She knew-knew-none of that worked with Dolph. Hadn't worked for decades. Yet, she needed to go. Needed, one more time, to see his in-your-face disinterest firsthand.

No matter how badly the little girl inside her wanted to believe that one day Dolph would wake up and realize his mistake of alienating his only child, the adult in her knew it wouldn't happen. Ever. She'd been needing to let go of the irrational hope for years.

This was the last straw for Rubi. She loved that house. He knew it. And he couldn't have cared less.

Today was the day.

"You have to know that won't fly with me," Wes said. "You have to know I'm going to pay you for your time."

"Wes, please don't start that now. I'm not going to argue over something so ridiculous."

"It's not ridiculous. You've put off other work to-"

"Fine." Irritation burned across her nerves. "Fine, Wes, pay me. I'm not going to argue with you." Bitterness saturated her words and guilt flooded her chest. She covered her face with her hands. "I'm sorry. God, I'm not mad at you."

He parked in front of the building, turned off the engine, clicked his seat belt free, and reached across the console between them. Rubi planted a hand against his chest before he could pull her into his arms. "Don't make me go all soft right before I have to be tough."

A slow grin turned his mouth, and one hand brushed hair off her face. "I can make you go all soft? Really?"

"Would you stop?" She pushed him away. "I don't even know why I'm here anymore."

Jerking the door open, she stepped onto the sidewalk.

"Because that dick made you waste a perfect strawberry shortcake, that's why."

Wes fell into step beside her as she started toward the massive glass front doors. A security guard sat behind a desk in the lobby, the building's lights still burning down on him. Rubi recognized the man's long thin face beneath the brim of a navy baseball cap with the word SECURITY across the front.

Frank glanced up, his face weary-until he recognized her. Then he broke into a surprised smile that shot pleasure through her and stood quickly, his movements still fluid for his age.

"Well, looky here." He came out from around the desk, arms open and immediately enveloped Rubi in a hug. That spark of pleasure expanded as she wrapped her arms around the older man's middle and pressed her cheek against his chest, eyes closed. This was how a father should react. This was how she should feel about a father. Yet this man was no more her blood than Wes.

"Rubi, darlin'." His Southern accent was still thick. "So good to see you."

"You too, Frank." When she pulled back and smiled up at him, she suddenly felt tired. Like her soul had been bruised. "How are you? How's Lucy?"

"I'm great. Lucy's better." He slid his hands down her arms. "Just finished her second round of chemo and lives in the wigs you two picked out for her. She loves them."

"I knew she'd pull through. She's a fighter."

"Like someone else I know." His light blue eyes had clouded over in the years since she'd seen him, but they still flickered with humor and warmth.

Rubi's grin tipped into a grimace as she stepped away. "Speaking of fighting..."

"Here to see Dolph, huh?" He cast a glance toward Wes. "He looks like he could hold his own."

Rubi introduced the men, and Wes came forward to shake Frank's hand.

"Any friend of Rubi's is welcome here," he said, then to Rubi, "I have to tell him you're on your way up."

"I know. It's fine." Rubi reached out and squeezed his arms. He had worried over her so much in her younger years. "Everything's fine."

"All right, then." He nodded resignedly and turned toward the desk again. He touched something on the control panel, and the elevators nearby dinged, the silver doors sliding open. He shot Rubi a grin and said, "Shields cloaked."

A laugh bubbled from her. "Right. Thanks for the reminder."

Inside the elevator, Rubi pressed the top floor, then leaned against the wall opposite Wes."Shields cloaked?" he asked.

"An old joke between us. Once too often he had to watch me come out of this elevator crying. He pulled me aside and explained the whole Star Trek 'shields cloaked' thing."

Wes nodded slowly. "That's...ominous."

Rubi lifted one shoulder. "More...inevitable."

She closed her eyes, pulled in a breath, and blew it out slowly through her lips. Her anger had ebbed into annoyed resignation, and she knew that had a lot to do with Wes.

"What can I do to help this go smoother?" he asked, voice soft, serious.

She opened her eyes, and the sincerity in his gaze, the pure affection, slammed Rubi's chest like a rocket. She twisted her mouth into a smirk. "Probably by staying out of it."

He matched her lopsided grin. "I'll do my best."

The doors opened, and Rubi stepped toward him. She patted his chest once. "Your best is outstanding, Lawson."

She turned and walked directly into a seating area. Drawing herself up with a confidence she didn't feel, Rubi straightened her shoulders, lifted her chin, and pushed assurance into her step, telling herself she owned the room.

"Ms. Russo..." The secretary's dark eyes were wide as she set the phone down-from Frank's call, Rubi knew. Then her gaze cut to Wes, where he stayed several feet behind her. "I... I..."

Rubi stopped in front of the desk and held out her hand. The young woman's gaze darted between Rubi's hand and her face before she reached out and curved her fingers around Rubi's.

"Good to meet you," Rubi said.

She pivoted on her flip-flop and went straight to the floor-to-ceiling door in her father's office, flung it open, and walked in, with the shocked and panicked secretary stuttering behind her.

"Ms. Russo... Ms. Russo, please don't..."

From the corner of Rubi's eye, she saw Wes cut into the woman's path. The secretary stopped short, her eyes wide as they climbed his chest to his face. Wes was a full foot taller. "You'll be safer if you don't get between those two."

"B-but-"

Wes stepped into the office and closed the door-quietly-in the woman's face.

He turned, keeping his body tall and taut, hands clasped, stance shoulder width. He met her gaze with a silent message of unwavering support and unquestioning belief. An irrational surge of emotion shot through Rubi-gratitude and affection and a sense of humility for his friendship. And she couldn't deny the decrease in anger toward Dolph when she had someone as good as Wes in her life.

"I'm sorry to cut this short, Larry." Dolph's deep, commanding voice seemed to fill every crevice of the office. "A problem's just come up."

Rubi met her father's annoyed glance. This was old, old history. Straight out of his worst-father-of-the-year playbook. The warmth Wes had infused now drained. Quickly. Leaving her cold. And empty.

"And that problem would be me?" she asked.

"I'm trying to run a business here." Dolph stood in profile, looking out at the city lights from one of his many picture windows. He pulled a Bluetooth from his ear and tossed the headset on a stack of papers. His dark skin, at least three shades darker than Rubi's, pulled taut over his face in what looked like both fatigue and aggravation. "You still listen as well as you did when you used to stuff Q-tips in your ears at four."

She shouldn't have come. She knew that now. The moment she'd gotten the call from the Realtor, discovered Dolph had undercut her again, she should have walked out of that house and into a hotel. Stayed there until she'd found another place to live. That would have cut her last tie to Dolph. This spontaneous visit had been an irrational codependent effort to keep the turmoil between them alive. A reflex. Because turmoil had always been better than nothing.

Only...it wasn't anymore.

"You wouldn't really know," she said. "You never talked to me when I was four. Or six. Or eight. Or eighteen."

With a condescending smirk, Dolph rounded his desk and sat on the edge. He cast a careless survey over Wes, then turned back to Rubi. "Are you just here to add more aggravation to my day?"

The simple act of looking at him, speaking to him, stirred years and years, layers upon layers of hurt and anger and soul-deep disappointment. She did her best to put it into perspective. This could be the last time she ever spoke with him if she chose. That helped her hold an even tone.

"Why did you put the house on the market without telling me?"

He made a careless gesture with his hand as if dismissing her. "The Realtor was supposed to take care of it."

"Is it too much to ask of my father to touch a button and dial his daughter to give her the information himself?"

"I'm busy." He used his don't-push-it tone. Only, he couldn't send her to her room anymore. Couldn't punish her. Couldn't take anything away-he'd already put the only thing she wanted from him on the market.

She wandered along the edge of his desk, glancing over the photos lining his credenza against one wall. Dolph flanked by Dodgers Matt Kemp and Clayton Kershaw. Dolph with Raiders' quarterback Terrelle Pryor. Dolph with the Lakers' Kobe Bryant. Then there was frame after frame of Dolph with politicians, Forbes 500 icons, celebrities, celebrities, and more celebrities.

Not one image of Rubi. Not from her childhood. Not from her two college graduations. Not from her modeling career.

Nothing.

"Right. You're busy," she said, her tone light but her heart heavy. "So why not take this house off your plate altogether and accept one of the six offers I made you over the last year? Or even simply acknowledge them?"

Wes remained perfectly silent. Perfectly still. Yet perfectly present.

"Because," he drew out the word, patience waning, "this is business. Putting property on the market creates competition-"

"Driving up the price," she finished for him, a sinking, half-numb sensation dropping low in her belly. "And the sales game is far more important to you than my feelings."

"Feelings have no place in business."

"What about ethics?" Rubi asked. "What about kindness? What about human decency? Do those have any place in business?"

He exhaled heavily, a look of utter exasperation on his face. He glanced at Wes again. Crossed his arms. "Who's this?"

Wes approached. Rubi had seen Wes's size and unexpected intensity intimidate smaller men, but Dolph was too full of himself, too arrogant for intimidation.

"Wes Lawson," he said without offering his hand. His eyes looked stony in the dim light. "A friend of your daughter's."

Rubi appreciated his attempted relationship plug, though she knew it would go unheard.

"Wes Lawson." Dolph's eyes narrowed. He turned, taking a sudden interest in Wes. "Lawson..." he drew out as if trying to remember where he'd heard the name. Dolph's gaze darted back to Rubi. "Is this the guy you called me about? Something about a physical therapy device?"

Wes shot a stunned look at Rubi, and her stomach fell the rest of the way to her feet. Her phone call to Dolph about the rig had never entered her mind. Shit. She would have liked to have told Wes about that first. But...too late now.

"Wait." She held up her hands, palms out. "You remember that, but you don't remember my six offers on your house?"

"I gave the message to one of my junior partners." Dolph spoke directly to Wes. Rubi had been completely dismissed. "She did some research into this rehabilitation unit and thinks it's viable. She tells me you're a very talented engineer. Graduated at the top of your class from Missouri SandT, right?"

"I graduated top of my class from USC and Birmingham," Rubi said, "but you've never even mentioned it. Didn't show for graduation. Didn't even pick up the f**king phone."

"Excuse me." He spared her a disapproving, don't-interrupt parental glance. "I'm talking." Then refocused on Wes. "Tell me about this device you've created."

The look on Wes's face was a cross between disgust and fury. "I'm here because Rubi is interested in buying the house she's living in. Not to talk about the rig."

"Have you hit up other developers?" Dolph asked with a fresh glint in his eyes as if he smelled money. "Have you had any offers on the device yet?"

"Several." Rubi stepped up beside Wes. This was over. She was swamped in a flood of pain and anger that stretched deep below the surface, and she had to get out of here. Hopefully save Wes in the process. "Multimillion-dollar offers from major corporations."

Wes gripped her forearm. "I think we're done here."

"If you're interested," Rubi laid out her last card on Wes's behalf, "you'd better come up with a better deal than he's already got."

Wes pulled her around toward the door. She didn't resist or argue.

"Wes." Dolph called at his back, approaching with a business card in his hand. "Call my chief of development. She's young and sharp. And very excited about your invention."

"Rubi's also young and sharp and very interested in your house." Wes took the card and met Dolph's gaze purposefully. "It seems like a good time for consideration all around."

Seventeen

Wes jammed the elevator's down button with a knuckle. It took everything he had not to walk back into that room and slam his fist into Dolph's face. He was so damned average-average height, average build, average appearance. All the looks in the family had to have come from Rubi's mother. How a man so average could spew such hurtful words, Wes couldn't quite get his mind around.

"Wes..." Rubi twisted her arm in his grip. When he looked down, her brow was pulled in a grimace.

He eased the pressure on her hand as the elevator dinged and the doors slid open. Teeth clenching, he stepped in and didn't release Rubi until the doors had closed. He didn't expect her to go back into her father's office; he just...needed to have a hold of her, as if that would somehow protect her.

But even after the doors closed, he couldn't let go.

"Please, Wes."

He forced his hand open, then crossed his arms and pressed his back to one wall.

"Let me explain," she said, her face a mix of misery and fear. "You have every right to be pissed. I overstepped. I shouldn't have talked to my father about the rig. And I didn't, really... I mean I-"

"What the f**k are you talking about?" He hadn't been this mad since...oh, yeah, a few nights ago, when some stranger had plowed his fist into his eye because of that f**ker Bolton. "I don't give a shit about the rig. How could you let him talk to you like that?"

She stared, that confused vertical crease between her eyes, lips parted. Christ, she was so beautiful. Inside and out. And so much he hadn't understood about her made sense now. After being raised by a pig like that, it was no wonder she wasn't interested in a relationship. Not a f**king surprise she didn't believe love could last. If Wes had been taught that love was bad, ugly, painful, he wouldn't have believed it either.

"I...I don't...let him talk to me like that, he just...does. Which is why I don't see him. Why I hate him. Why...I'm never going to speak to him again after tonight."

Wes's skin was on fire. His brain a twist of fury. He wiped a palm across his forehead. Before he knew it, the rage overtook him, and he slammed his hand into the mirrored wall with a feral growl. The reflective surface splintered, and pain shot through his hand. A strangled scream curdled in Rubi's throat. In the cracked reflection, she jumped and tented her hands over her mouth.

"Stop." She sucked an audible breath. "Don't."

Goddammit. He instantly regretted the show of insane frustration.

She pushed her hands through her hair, her gaze on the floor. "I knew I should have come alone."

Wes dropped his arm and shook out his hand. His fingers were dripping blood on the tan patterned carpet. "Because you don't need anyone, right?"

His voice came out bitter. He was so angry-at Dolph for being such a bastard, at himself for letting Rubi convince him to stay out of it, at Rubi for... God he didn't even know. Maybe for hanging on to this f**ker as long as she had.

The thought made him lunge for her. He gripped her arms and gave her a little shake. "Are you living off his money? Is that why he's still in your life? Because I have money. I have a million of racing money sitting around collecting interest. You can have it if you just get the f**k away from-"

"No." She lifted her hands and pressed them to his chest, her voice sure and steady, as if compensating for his imbalance. "No, Wes. My money is my own, and I have plenty. I told you the truth earlier."

"Then...why? Why have any contact with him when he treats you like that?"

The elevator doors opened, and Rubi's expression closed up. "We'll talk about this outside."

She turned away, stepping out of the elevator.

Wes looked down at his hand. Blood everywhere. "Fucking fantastic."

He fisted the mess behind his back and exited the elevator. Rubi was already in quiet conversation with Frank. He nodded, drew her into a hug, and saluted Wes over Rubi's shoulder. She took Wes's arm, leading him toward the main doors and down the front walkway toward the car. "Give me the keys."

"I'm fine, I just-"

"You're not driving this angry." She repeated his own earlier words deliberately. "Give me the keys."

Wes shoved them into her open hand feeling defeated and strode to the passenger's door. "You should be just as angry."

When the car chirped, he yanked open the door and slid into the seat, every muscle taut. He flattened his injured hand over his knee and stared down at the blood. He had a couple of good cuts over his knuckles. One he was pretty sure needed stitches. God, what a f**king dumb shit. His emotions had been strung out since he'd first kissed Rubi. He'd ignored them. Convinced himself he could deal. That he could handle her, handle himself, handle something between them. Now look at him.

Rubi shut her door but didn't start the engine. "Listen for a minute." She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. "When I saw how amazing the rig-"

"I don't give a f**k about the rig-"

"Shut. Up." She turned blazing green eyes on him. "Please, Wes. I need to tell you this."

He pushed pent-up air out of his mouth, clenched his teeth, and stared through the windshield.

"I wanted to get a sense of how marketable it would be. I knew the quality was there, but I don't know the rehabilitation market. All Dolph's businesses started with one-selling inventions. And that continues to be the basis of his empire. All his other companies-consulting, manufacturing, sales, shipping-have stemmed from that one, which continues to feed the rest. Knowing the value of an invention is Dolph's specialty."

"What the f**k does this have to do with-"

"I'm not finished," she said, her voice steely. "And if you want to walk home, interrupt me one more time."

He pulled the door handle.

She grabbed his arm. "Goddammit, Wes. I'm trying to tell you something important."

The catch in her voice stopped him.

"I have several contacts of my own," she continued, "who could take your rig and run with it. But before I approached you with the idea, I wanted to know just how viable this would be on the market. It's a long road from idea to production. Most of which you've already covered on your own. But things can go bad along the way. I've seen many dreams crushed, and with it their creators' hearts. I didn't want to get your hopes up and then end up disappointing you."

He turned to look at her. "You're not hearing me. I've never thought of selling it. I don't give a f**k about doing anything with it but helping Wyatt."

"And you're not hearing me. I'm not talking thousands, Wes. I'm talking millions. Millions and millions. I'm talking about you being able to buy houses like Jax's any time you wanted. I'm talking about never worrying about money for the rest of your life."

Wes's gut went cold. He dropped his head back, and his gaze slid up the glass monolith her father owned. "You'd let me do business with that f**ker? Just for the money?"

"God, you're dense." Rubi sounded as twisted as Wes felt. "I'm telling you I was using him as a gauge before I suggested you go with someone else. I'd never suggest you do business with him."

"And what if I said the money doesn't interest me? That I'd rather have you than any amount of money?"

"I'd say one doesn't have anything to do with the other." She paused, then turned the engine over, but when she spoke, her voice was softer, filled with complex emotions Wes couldn't pull apart. "I'd say you're too idealistic and too shortsighted for an almost-thirty-year-old living in Los Angeles, working in the movie industry. I'd tell you to open your eyes and look down the road. I'd remind you that, in case you hadn't noticed, you're in a dangerous line of work, with no backup. I'd point out how quickly that million will go if you're hurt and out of work for any length of time. So I'd say you might want to pull your shortsighted, romantic head out of your ass, stop paying so much attention to today, and start focusing on tomorrow.

"And I'd pass on some important advice I got when I was at the top of my modeling career." She cast a flat glance toward him. "You won't always be young, healthy, and beautiful. Use your best years wisely."

"Who gave you that advice?" he asked dully.

"Lexi."

The thirty-five-floor, smoky-mirror-lined building in the heart of downtown Los Angeles, a building worth hundreds of millions of dollars, slipped out of his view. The dark sky filled his vision, but for some bizarre reason, his parents' ranch-style home on a farm in Podunk Missouri filled his mind's eye. And in a sudden flash of dread, Wes saw himself and Rubi as mismatched as the buildings.

His body released its tension, and he sank into the cradle of the luxury sedan's molded leather seats. A car Jax had bought for Lexi. Yeah, he had some money packed away in low-risk investments, but Rubi was right-a million dollars wasn't all that much money nowadays. Wes sure as hell couldn't begin to fathom the ability to purchase a home like Jax's or Rubi's fathers'. His mind backpedaled and replayed Rubi's monologue on his finances. His future. And he recognized a new gut-level discomfort. One stemming not only from the cultural variance existing between him and Rubi, but divergent classes as well. None of which mattered in the moment, he knew. But with the realization of his deepening feelings for her...might end up mattering in the long-term. Something that obviously mattered significantly to Rubi. He had the uncomfortable sensation of walls closing in on him. Of being trapped by someone else's expectations. Of taking a direction he didn't want because someone he loved wanted him to take that path.

Wes trudged back to the present, feeling strangely distant, a dull fire burning in the pit of his stomach, one that created an ache instead of a burn.

They drove back to Malibu, a fifty-minute trip, without speaking. Without music. Both lost in their own thoughts. Still, Wes couldn't say it had been an uncomfortable ride. Just...quiet. Settling. And by the time Rubi pulled into Jax's driveway, he ached from the stress. His heart felt bruised. His chest empty. And all he wanted to do was refuel by sliding into bed with Rubi. By falling asleep, his body tangled with hers.

She pulled into the garage, tapped the door closed, and turned off the engine. "We'll have Lexi look at your hand. If you don't need the ER, I'll take Rodie home."

He was halfway out of the car when he froze. "I told you Rodie could stay here." Which was when he realized her meaning, and a fresh surge of disquiet slid in. "You said you'd stay with me."

She gave him a truly mystified expression. "Why would you want me to stay?"

"That's a stupid question."

She shot him a glare. "That's an inappropriate answer, but considering the night, I'm giving you a pass."

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have... I didn't mean it like that."

"I know. Just drop it."

Fuck-ing A. He just kept screwing up.

The door between the house and the garage opened. Lexi stood there in jeans and a black tank, her long blonde hair in some kind of messy knot on the back of her head. She took one look at Wes, her gaze sliding toward his hand as if she had injury radar. "You're bleeding? Again?" She stepped back to let Rubi pass, then Wes. "I hope that was at least for Dolph's face."

"No such luck," he muttered on his way to the kitchen.

Rodie broke away from Rubi, where she was hugging him in the living area, and ran to Wes, jumping on his hind legs in excitement. Wes lifted his bad hand out of the way and petted Rodie with the other. "Hey, boy."

"Lex," Rubi said, "Can you check his hand, see if he needs to go to the hospital?"

Jax strolled in and pressed his forearms to the kitchen granite. He frowned at Wes's hand. "Doesn't look too bad. Can you still drive that stunt tomorrow before your plane leaves?"

"No," Rubi said.

At the same time Wes returned, "Of course."

And they scowled at each other.

"Do you have a ride to the airport?" Jax asked.

Wes glanced at Rubi. She'd said she would take him, but now...

"Contestants to your corners," Lexi said. "Wes, this way."

Wes moved down the length of the expansive granite counter and rich cherry cabinets. Lexi pulled a cardboard box from an upper cabinet and rummaged through the medical contents on the counter. "Rinse your hand off. What did you hit?"

He lifted the handle on the tap, waited until the water was warm, and gritted his teeth before he stuck his hand under the stream. "A mirror."

"Next time, save that for the stunts," Jax said, "where mirrors aren't mirrors."

Once the blood cleared from his skin, he found at least two deep cuts along his knuckles. "Shit."

Lexi came up beside him. Inspected his hand. "Up to you. I've got skin glue and Steri strips. I can patch you up in ten minutes, or you can go spend four hours in the ER."

"Glue and tape, please."

Rubi pushed to her feet. "I'm going to head home, then."

Wes covered Lexi's hands. "Just leave this junk out. I'll do it when I get back."

"You don't need to walk me home," Rubi said.

"Don't argue." Wes dried his hand on a paper towel, leaving blood splotches on the crisp white surface. "My mother would bean me if I didn't walk my girl home."

He expected her to bitch about the "my girl" slip, but she just rolled her eyes and started for the door leading to the upper deck and the stairs to the beach. Wes caught up with her as soon as she touched the patio and rested a hand on her shoulder. He pulled her into him and wrapped her close. Sighing, he lowered his mouth to her neck and kissed her.

"In my world," he said, his voice low and soft, "an argument doesn't end anything. An argument is just that, an argument. We've had them before. We'll have them again." She didn't respond, but she didn't pull away either. "Stay, Rubi. Let me hold you tonight."

"I don't understand you." Her head relaxed against his shoulder, and her body softened. "I don't understand me with you."

"Give it time."

"Do you understand us?"

He closed his eyes, tightened his hold, and absorbed the feel of her against him. Yes, his body understood. Yes, his heart understood. But his mind...and all that had happened tonight-seeing the interaction between her and a father she'd grown up hating, hearing her beliefs about money, about how Wes should view money-he ended up offering, "I understand this."

She pulled out of his grasp on a sigh of disappointment and started toward the beach. "You're right. I need time to work it all out."

He didn't like the sound of that. That sounded a lot like the old We need some time apart.

"I think we need time to work it out together." They walked down to the wet sand, and Wes tossed the Frisbee ahead of them for Rodie. More than ever, he wanted her to see how a real family worked. How people could argue and still love each other. How people who loved each other acted. And he asked again, "Why don't you come to Missouri with me?"

She laughed, the sound a mixture of what-the-fuck and no-way-in-hell. "Not."

"Why?"

"I've already told you. I'm behind on my NSA deadline. And I have Rodie. And now I have to find another goddamned place to live."

"Rodie can come with us. My family loves animals. And you're not going to get any peace with buyers coming in and out of your house at all hours. It would be good for you to get away from here."

"Listen to yourself," she said. "You're suggesting I stuff Rodie in the cargo hold? Not going to happen. And I need to work, Wes. I can't write programming code without quiet."

He fell into step with her as she started walking again. "Exactly. Your house is on the market. You won't have any peace. At least with me you could have a cozy room in some bed-and-breakfast. Then you'll be there when I need updates to the rig."

"I'll make them from here. On my server. All you have to do is make sure the rig is within range of any Wi-Fi, and it will sync up and update."

Wes's mouth dropped open. "When did that happen?"

"I programmed it that way."

Her intelligence boggled him. "You should be the one looking to sell this thing. All I created was the frame. You're giving it all the brains. Don't you want to see how your programming makes a difference firsthand? Don't you want control over the fine points of how we use it?"

They were at the steps to her house now. Rodie ran back to Wes and sat at his feet, the Frisbee in his mouth.

Rubi turned to Wes, the night lit by moonlight and the distant glow from her porch. "No, Wes. Thank you for asking, but no. And let me make this very clear-that rig is 100 percent yours. I don't own any part of it. I don't want to own any part of it. What you do with it is your choice. I did you a favor, just like I've done favors for Lexi and Jax and a couple of dozen other people. It's good karma. Are we clear?"

"Sure, whatever."

She squeezed his forearm. "Good night."

"Baby..." He took her arm and stepped close again, discomfort ratcheting up in his chest. "I don't want to leave like this. I don't want to be a four-hour flight away with us at odds."

She searched his eyes, all those beautiful features softer in the moonlight. Her eyes narrowed. "Why? Worried I might end up at Stilettos?"

There was a challenging edge in her voice. One he recognized as the old Rubi. One he realized she hadn't used with him for over a week.

Until that moment, no, he hadn't considered Stilettos. Now it terrified him. "Rubi-"

She jogged toward her slider. Rodie glanced between them, his ears pulled back in distress.

"Go on," Wes said to the dog.

Rodie followed Rubi and stepped inside.

"I'll pick you up for your flight at the set," Rubi said. "Ten o'clock." And she shut the door.

Eighteen

Rubi pulled into the designated parking area just as she had early that week-only so much had changed between then and now. Rubi had hoped for things she'd never believed she would. Her relationship with Wes had undergone a transformation she'd never believed possible. She'd finally cut the dysfunctional cord with her father. And her dream of buying the house she loved had been shot into the fiery pits of hell.

She shut down the car and picked up the note she'd found on her car that morning in Wes's neat, all-cap, architect-type scrawl.

I MISS YOU ALREADY.

To say she was a little off-balance would be an understatement. Her inner landscape had turned into the aftermath of a hurricane.

She tucked the note into the ashtray with all the others and stood from the car, watching Wes half a mile away. He wore the neoprene, shucked off his shoulders and hanging at his hips again. A big part of her was deeply disappointed she'd refused to sleep with him last night. He might have believed they'd really sleep, but if she'd been in proximity to that body, sleeping would have been the last thing on her mind. And they were already treading tumultuous waters without adding more sex into the picture.

He was pacing between two muscle cars and one Ducati, arms crossed over his broad, tanned chest. His head was down as Jax talked to Wes, Keaton, and Troy.

Rubi climbed the stairs of the trailer, entered, and found Rachel at her desk. She had that gorgeous hair of hers up in a tight bun again, her tortoiseshell glasses perched on her tiny nose. "Hey, Rubi."

"I see you didn't take my advice about the hair."

"If I leave it down, it's always in the way." She pulled off her glasses and rubbed her eyes. "I'm glad you're here. Maybe you can diffuse the mood around this place. These guys can get so intense. And when they're stressed, I'm stressed."

Rubi wandered to a window and opened the blinds so she could look out on the scene. "Speaking of intense, what's going on out there?"

"Not exactly sure, but something that pissed Wes off-not exactly easy to do. Something about explosives and blowing up a bridge and... Hell, I never know what these guys are going to do from one day to the next. I've got to make this phone call before they come back in."

While Rubi watched the men pacing and gesturing as they spoke, Rachel put the phone on speaker and punched in a number. Rubi turned away from the window just as someone picked up on the other end of the line.

"What?"

The abrupt, challenging male voice made Rachel's gaze dart to Rubi's, her lips parted in alarmed surprise. A moment of silence hung before Rachel said, "I'm looking for a Mr. Ryker-"

"I don't do mister anything. Just Ryker."

His voice was deep, rough and...it had a vaguely, but intensely, sensual glide. Rubi lifted her brows at Rachel, who shrugged back at Rubi.

"All right just Ryker," Rachel said in that sassy tone that made Rubi grin, "I'm calling from Renegades Stunt Company in Los Angeles-"

"I don't want whatever you're selling."

Rachel dropped her hands to her desk with an audible slap and glared at the phone. "Are you always this rude or did I just catch you on a bad day?"

Rubi curved her lips inward, holding back laughter.

A moment of tense silence followed when Rubi would have sworn the two were having a stare-down if they hadn't been speaking over a phone line.

"Okay," Ryker finally said. "I like spunk. You've got two minutes."

Rachel gave Rubi a the-fuck-with-this look and flipped off the phone. A snort of laughter escaped Rubi.

"Actually," Rachel said, "I was calling to make you an offer, but you've kinda dinged my mood."

"Offer?" His tone turned lighter, more interested. "I hope it's an offer of phone sex. You've got a hot voice, and I could use some decent incentive to give myself another hand job. God, those get so old."

Rachel's mouth dropped open, her expression part outrage, part humor, part shock. "What in the-?"

"Joke. Thought you might have a sense of humor, but I guess not. Though your voice is hot. What did you say your name was? Rachel? That's way too cute for the hot voice. What are you wearing, Rachel with the hot voice?"

She dropped her forehead into her hand. "I should have expected this from a friend of Troy's."

Laughing softly, Rubi stepped up to the desk and pulled that damn clip from Rachel's hair. When the other woman gasped and looked up, Rubi pointed to the phone, then fanned her chest with a luscious eye roll.

Rachel lifted her mouth in a half-grin.

"Troy's been talking shit about me again?" Ryker asked. "What's that f**ker up to now?"

"You've got his mouth too."

"Oh, no." His voice lowered with suggestion. "Baby, my mouth is way better than Troy's, all the women say so."

Rubi clasped her hand over her mouth and bent at the waist in an effort to hold back her laughter.

But Rachel didn't even try. Her laugh was low and suggestive. "Really. Now you've got my full attention. Unfortunately, I haven't called to give you a free round of phone sex. I've called because Renegades is looking for an explosives expert and Troy gave me your name and number."

Hesitation fell over the line. Then, "How...disappointing." Another hesitation. "If I said I'd consider blowing something up for Troy, could we renegotiate the phone sex? Cause, really, your voice already has my jeans a little tight."

Rachel shook her head, looking at the phone as if it had turned fluorescent orange. With a sigh, she dropped her chin into her hand and met Rubi's gaze with a silly what-the-hell grin.

"Tell me," she said, her voice low and husky and purely sexual, "you're wearing nothing else but those sexy, tight jeans, Just Ryker."

Rubi barely held the laughter back. God, she loved this chick.

Ryker's laugh matched Rachel's voice. "Now we're talking."

Movement out the window caught Rubi's eye. She made small circles with her hand, a wrap-it-up motion, and pointed to the window to signal the guys were coming.

"This has been fun," Rachel said, her voice suddenly professional and curt again, "but I'll have to call you back with details."

And she disconnected the call. "Oh, my God. If he's only half as hot as his voice, he's a fifteen on a scale of one to ten."

"Might need to refocus," Rubi said, her humor gone. "They're all coming in. And none of them looks any happier than Wes."

She groaned and glanced at her watch. "It's too early for lunch, isn't it?" She propped her elbows on the desk and ran her hands through her hair, holding it back. "I need an office. Really, I do. Just a small one..."

The guys filed in, all looking like someone stole their favorite Penthouse edition. She crossed her arms and leaned against the extra desk.

Jax entered first, but Wes's voice was the one Rubi heard. "That's only going to mess up the schedule more. Whether you go through the city to find a bridge they'll allow you to destroy or you build a replica, that will take weeks. Maybe months." He came through the door, still with his head down. "Have I mentioned how much I hate Bolton lately?"

Keaton entered behind him. "You haven't stopped talking about how much you hate Bolton."

"And I, for one, am sick of it," Troy said, coming in last but spotting Rubi first. "Tell your boyfriend to shut his trap, will you?"

Wes's head swung toward Troy, a what-the-fuck look on his face. Then he followed Troy's gaze, and his eyes paused on Rubi. His entire face lit up, and a smile spread his mouth. That one look pulled the lining from Rubi's stomach and turned it inside out. Then quick flashes of thought lit off behind his eyes, each taking his grin down a notch with guilt or unease or disappointment.

"Hey," he said and glanced at his wrist but found no watch. "What time is it?"

"You've got a few minutes," she said.

Rubi's own happiness ticked down in tandem with Wes's. She hadn't slept at all. She'd spent the night rolling around everything he'd said and done the night before. Then tossing around her own issues, searching for ways to overcome them. Had tried to rationalize going to Missouri with him until she'd been pacing the living room. But doing the whole family meet-and-greet after just experiencing so much turmoil with her own "family" was as black an idea as being without him.

Still... She wanted him. She cared about him. And, yes, Lexi had been right when she'd suspected Rubi had already been half in love with him when this had all started.

Which was just...way too much for her to handle.

"Let me worry about finding the bridge," Jax said.

"I have a lead on one." Rachel leaned back in her chair. "And I have a call in to the City. But we still have the explosives-expert problem. I've called all seven firms specializing in controlled explosive work between here and San Diego, and they're all booked on jobs through February. And," she added with a wince, "none of them are cheap." She darted a look at Rubi, then to Troy. "I was just going to try your friend, Ryker."

"Why are you looking for an explosives expert?" Rubi asked.

"I'm going to change." Wes passed her, sliding a hand down her back. He kissed her temple with a whispered, "I was lonely last night." Then disappeared into the bathroom.

Rubi was still tingling, still enjoying Wes's musky, spicy scent when Jax said, "Bolton's going to be out a month. Maybe six weeks. He's got drug problems on top of alcohol problems. We've got a look-alike lined up for a lot of the filming, but no one can deliver his lines."

"Oh shit," Rubi said, her mind playing with the financial bottom line.

"If we blow up an old bridge-for real-instead of using CGI," he said, referring to the computer graphic interface used to render many Hollywood special effects, "we could recoup the loss."

"Seriously?"

"Seriously," Jax said. "CGI is freaking expensive. You damn computer geeks rape us."

"Get what you pay for," Rubi teased.

"Then that crash app should be worth shit, since it was free," Jax said, "and it's amazing. We tried it out this morning. Really good stuff."

A thrill of accomplishment sizzled through her chest. "That's awesome."

"What's awesome?" Wes's voice drew her gaze toward the bathroom. He emerged, hair damp, dressed in jeans, a long-sleeved Billabong tee the color of his eyes, and smelling like something out of the men's cologne department.

Sexy bastard.

"Rubi's crash app," Keaton said, shooting a handsome grin toward her. "Her new ride's not bad either."

"True," Wes said. "They're both proving helpful this morning."

"Let Rachel talk to my buddy, Ryker," Troy said to Jax. "He's home on leave from Afghanistan. A bomb expert. Blows up all kinds of shit for the army."

Rachel met Rubi's gaze and lifted her brows in interest.

Jax frowned. "He has to be licensed and bonded and-"

"He's been doing this shit for a decade, and he hasn't blown himself up," Troy said. "Probably a good sign. If he can't do it, he can probably point us in the right direction. Rachel can make initial contact, then pass him off to you if he's interested and available."

Rachel's interest dimmed and she rolled her eyes. "Adding another guy to this team? Just what we need, more testosterone. And this time, explosive testosterone." As laughter passed through the space, she lifted a pleading look toward Jax. "Just a really small room...with a door?"

"Come on, Rach." Troy sauntered over to her desk, sat on the edge, and leaned toward her, those sexy dark eyes teasingly flirtatious. "You know you love every last one of us."

"Maybe," she said, "but none of you ever let me get anything done."

"Troy," Wes said. "Lay off. She's doing all the shit I used to have to do. If you scare her off while I'm gone, you'll be doing risk assessment, supply inventory, and ordering."

Troy winced and eased away from Rachel. "Oooo, ouch."

Wes hefted a duffle over his shoulder and knocked fists with Jax, Troy, and Keaton, then lifted a hand to Rachel. "Call me if they misbehave." To the men, he offered, "No major injuries."

He slid his hand across Rubi's shoulders and pulled her close, leading her out the door.

"Rubi," Troy called, "if you get lonely while he's gone-"

"Not if you like those perfect teeth, dude," Wes cut him off.

"I need a few crowns anyway," Keaton said. "You've got my number, Rubi."

"Can't play with sex-toy shit when you're dead," Wes said without looking back.

Rubi smiled down at the asphalt as they walked. Tried to absorb the feel of him next to her, as if they belonged together. Tried to settle her nerves when she wondered if they did belong together.

"How do you feel?" she asked, glancing at the bandages around the hand carrying his duffle.

"Sore." The top was down on her Aston, and Wes tossed his duffle in the back as Rubi rounded the hood. He leaned both hands on the doorframe. "Baby?"

She paused before getting into the car and met his gaze.

"I was so out of line last night..." He lowered his head and shook it, as if he couldn't bear to hold her gaze anymore. "I just... Your father... And I so don't want to go home without you..." He glanced up with a look so sheepishly hopeful, it almost knocked her over. "We could leave the Aston here for Jax to take home. Drive my truck to the airport and put it in long-term parking. I'll buy your ticket-"

"Wes..." If he only knew how close she was to tipping, he'd never give up.

"Never mind." He shook his head and slid into the passenger's seat. "Stupid idea."

It was a stupid idea. Rubi continued to remind herself of that as she dropped behind the wheel and steered onto the 405.

"Last week," he started, his hair ruffling in the wind, mirrored sunglasses hiding his beautiful eyes, "I was dying to get a break from these long days. Give my body some time to heal and refuel. Now, I'd rather spend sixteen hours in hand-to-hand, let a semi run over me, and have Troy push me off a Huey than be without you for two weeks."

Rubi drew a breath, her throat suddenly tight. He rolled his head toward her. And grinned that Hollywood grin. "Did you go soft? Even for a second?"

"You ass."

He laughed, but the sound was far from his usual buoyancy. He propped his elbow on the armrest and rubbed his fingers over his forehead.

"I know you're going to hate this...but..." He hesitated as if trying to decide how or what to say. "I...need to know where we stand, Rubi." With his forehead propped on two fingers, he tilted his gaze toward her. She couldn't see his eyes through the mirrored lenses, but his mouth was tight, and she could easily imagine his serious dark gaze. "I don't want to walk around for two weeks-or more-not knowing. It will eat at me."

Rubi licked her lips. Anxiety bubbled up in her belly and imaginary walls pressed in on her. "I...don't know how to answer that. Do we really need a label? After only a week?"

He waited, as if hoping more would come. When it didn't, he turned his gaze back to his lap. "Fuck," he murmured, barely audible in the wind from the open top. "I don't know if I can do this."

Panic streaked beneath her breastbone. Her mind filled with the jumbled thoughts from the night before-all her desires, all her fears. She took the off-ramp to LAX as if on autopilot and continued toward the departing flights.

"What does that mean?" she asked hesitantly. She was pretty sure she didn't want to know.

He looked out the windshield with a shake of his head. "I just... You were right last night when you said I don't look ahead. I didn't think it through when I started this with you. I just...wanted you. Had been wanting you for months. In a way, I'd been wanting you even longer and didn't realize it until I found you." He shrugged. "I just thought...you know, it would all work out."

Had wanted her longer? She swung to the curb in front of the United terminal and put the car in park, confused.

"Can you at least tell me where we stand before I get on a plane?" he asked.

Her stomach knotted. "Really, Wes, do we have to do this now?"

"We've been on a f**king roller coaster for the last week." Frustration played in his voice. "It would be nice to know whether or not I'm going to come home to the up, the down, or the end of the ride."

"Why don't you just ask me what you really want to know?" Her stomach burned, even while knowing he had every right to ask. To know. To suspect. "Will I f**k someone else when you're not around, right?"

His jaw tightened. Nostrils flared. "You know right now whether you will or won't. It's already in your heart, Rubi. Is it really unreasonable for me to ask which it is?"

"No," she said softly. "It's not."

And she did know in her heart. But the fact that he needed to ask made the question too complicated to answer-especially in the airport drop-off line.

A traffic guard strolled by. "Keep it moving, people."

Wes nodded affirmation toward the man, but when he turned back to her, a desperate, disillusioned look lay heavy in his eyes. He leaned over and pressed a soft kiss to her lips, lingering as if delaying the inevitable. She met the kiss, wrapping her hand around his head. And found herself hoping, praying, this wouldn't be their last.

When he finally broke the kiss, he closed his eyes and rested his forehead against hers.

"I'm crazy about you." He murmured the words so softly she was sure she'd imagined them, as if the feelings between them had lifted into the air. "I don't want anyone else." Wes's long, blond lashes trembled as he squeezed his eyes shut, a painful expression tight across his face. "I'm sorry, baby. It's just who I am. I love everything you hide and everything you don't. I just...love you."

He leaned away, gaze averted. But she saw the wetness clinging to his lashes. And her heart lunged to her throat.

"Wes-"

"Do what you need to do, Rubi," he said, his voice rough. "I understand."

She opened her mouth-to say what, she couldn't fathom. But she didn't get a chance. He gave her one more hard kiss and exited the car, disappearing into the airport chaos before her head had even stopped spinning.

Eighteen

Wes blinked his eyes open to the bing, bing, bing of the plane's intercom.

"Ladies and gentlemen." The pilot's smooth, calm voice filled the cabin. "We're beginning our descent into St. Louis. Right now we've got partly cloudy skies and a temperature of fifty-seven degrees, humidity at sixty-four percent. Relax, and we'll have you on the ground in about fifteen minutes."

Wes pushed himself up from the slouch he'd fallen into while dozing and rubbed his face. He winced when he tried to straighten the fingers of his right hand, and again when he touched a sensitive spot on his injured eye. But it couldn't compete with the discomfort burning in his gut.

He hadn't meant to tell Rubi he loved her. Hadn't even really known it was coming until it was so high in his throat he couldn't keep it from falling out. And he still felt weird about it. Not wrong, just...weird. He'd only said it to one other woman in his life, so it wasn't like he went around professing his undying love. But by the panic shining in her eyes when he'd walked away, he knew it had been an ill-timed epiphany. Though he couldn't imagine a time a declaration like that wouldn't have been ill-timed for Rubi.

Rubi. Out of all the women he could have fallen in love with, he'd gone and fallen for Rubi Russo? Seriously?

He glanced out the window, staring blankly at the thick treetops outlining farming fields. The muddy Missouri River snaking through the green terrain. A sliver of ease crept in. This was home. It would always be home, even if the career he loved took him elsewhere.

He glanced at his watch, his first thought of Rubi and what she might be doing now.

Which was moot. Whatever chance he'd had of making something work with her, he'd killed by spilling the L-word.

Fortunately, landing and exiting the plane diverted his attention from yet another f**kup. He walked up the gate ramp, phone in hand, scrolling through messages searching for something from Whitney to tell him where she was picking him up. But his gaze paused on a text from Rubi.

RUBI: I can't believe you sprang that on me and then walked away. What the f**k is wrong with you?

He shook his head. He wasn't sure what the f**k was wrong with him, but he suspected being crazy in love with her while knowing emotion scared the crap out of her might have something to do with it. He would have texted that to her, but he was pretty sure it might make her board a plane to Australia, never to return.

He walked through the terminal and passed the security lines for passengers boarding a flight.

"Uncle Wes! Uncle Wes!"

The joint scream sounded off to the side in a restaurant seating area. His nieces' squeals swept over him like a cool breeze. A smile split his face, and his spirits soared. They were jumping on their toes, their little blonde heads bobbing, their excited, open faces exposing missing teeth. His sister, Whitney, her wheat-colored braid pulled forward over her shoulder, stood behind them.

His whole world righted. And for a moment, the pain faded.

"Hey there." Wes broke from the stream of pedestrians and dropped to his knees in front of the girls. He didn't get his duffle off his shoulder before they jumped on him, Abby clinging to his neck, Emma attached to one arm. He wrapped them both close-Christ they were so tiny-and pressed kisses to their blonde heads. "Look at you two. You're so beautiful."

He pulled back and looked down at Abby. Her crystal blue eyes sparkled up at him with so much innocent joy it squeezed his heart. "Where'd all your teeth go? How do you eat?"

"Lost 'em. Look." She opened her mouth, sticking a little finger in to point out every gap.

"Man, you must be rich."

"Uh-huh."

He smiled at Emma, always more reserved. "And you've got a couple coming in."

She grinned without meeting his gaze-eye contact was difficult for her-showing her beautiful new teeth.

He soaked in the sight of them, and his heart loosened. His troubles dimmed. He ran a hand over each of their feather-soft heads again, pulled them close to kiss their foreheads one more time, and stood.

"Hey." He stepped in to hug Whitney tight. "Thanks for bringing them. I needed that."

"They needed it too," she whispered. "I'll take your bag. You take them. They need some surrogate-daddy time."

Wes's mind shifted to Wyatt, and his joy dimmed. He let Whitney take the duffle from his shoulder and pointed at Emma. "Shoulders to baggage claim." He pivoted his finger toward Abby. "Shoulders to the car."

Wes swept Emma up and onto his shoulders. Abby reached toward him, and Wes tugged her into his arms.

"Whit," Wes said, "grab my phone from my pocket and get a picture of us, would you?"

She lowered one brow at him but did as he asked. "When did you become a shutterbug?"

Wes was saved from answering by the high-pitched stereo, "Cheeeeeeeeese" streaking from the girls as soon as they saw the phone pointed at them. Whit slid it back into Wes's pocket, and they started toward the exit.

"Did you bring us presents?" Abby asked, her light eyes so round and bright.

"Would I ever come without bringing you presents?"

Whitney slid her arm into the crook of his and squeezed. "So good to see you."

Wes leaned toward her and kissed her head. "You too."

She stepped away, readjusted his duffle on her shoulder. "How was your flight?"

"Can't beat first class."

"Are you raking in the big bucks, or did Jax buy it for you?"

"What do you think?"

"I like that guy." Whitney's grin was light and easy. "Mom's going to love the black eye. Do you have a suitable story made up, or do you need my help?"

"You always did come up with the best stories." He sent her a conspiratorial grin. "You tell her yours first. If it doesn't fly, I'll try mine."

"Deal."

"How are things at home?"

"Crowded. Crazy. The usual," she said. "I forget how many relatives we have until they besiege us. They exhaust me. I don't know how Mom does it."

"We have a new puppy, Uncle Wes," Emma said from above him, her little hands curved around his face to hold on.

"I heard." He cut a glance at Whitney, who rolled her eyes. "Can't wait to meet him."

"And we're going to see Daddy now," Abby added.

They stepped onto the escalator toward baggage claim and parking, and Wes turned to Whitney. "We are?"

"Only if Uncle Wes isn't too tired."

"Never too tired to see Wyatt." When the girls' cheers faded, he asked Whitney, "Is Grams moving in with Mom and Dad?"

"Yeah. She's deteriorating. Don't be surprised if she introduces herself to you. She is completely, physically capable. A real help to Mom most days. She does laundry, cooks, even pitches in at harvest, but her mind is really slipping. We can't leave her alone anymore. Mom hired a home care nurse who comes when she needs extra help."

"And Wyatt?"

"Baggage claim!" Abby yelled. "Baggage claim!"

They stepped off the escalator, and Wes traded the girls' positions.

"Wyatt's about the same," Whit said as they headed toward the garage. As soon as they walked through the doors, a familiar, soothing humidity hit Wes. The air felt heavier, smelled richer. And told him he was home. "A bit of a plateau he's frustrated with. What do you think about the rig?"

Wes's mind took a sharp turn and slammed into Rubi. His heart clenched.

"It's really something." He followed Whit to her Tahoe, pulled open the rear passenger door, and eased Emma to the seat first, then whipped Abby from his shoulders and tossed her in the air just to hear her giggle before sliding her in beside her sister and buckling her seat belt. When he was in the passenger seat, he said, "There's no telling, but Melissa is optimistic."

"Yeah." Whitney drew out the word as she backed out and steered toward the exit with a discreet but suspicious glance his way. "I've heard. What's happening there?"

"Nothing." Wes held up a stop hand just to reinforce. "We've e-mailed a few times about the rig. That's it."

When Whit went suspiciously quiet, he pushed out a frustrated breath. "Why?"

She lifted a shoulder. "She asks about you every time she sees me. Specifically whether or not you're seeing anyone."

"What the-? She's engaged."

"Not anymore."

Old, old, old emotions gnawed at Wes's gut. Anger, loss, disillusionment. Feelings that felt centuries old...but still had bite. "What happened there?"

"Don't really know. I've only heard through the rumor mill and confirmed when the ring was gone from her finger."

"And you're telling me because...?"

"Heads-up, that's all."

He scraped his fingers through his hair. "I'm not going there again. I'm not even interested in going there."

"Hey, relax," Whit said. "I get it. So what's going on with little Miss Neglected?"

He shot her a disapproving glare.

"That's who the picture's for, right?" Whit's reminder had Wes drawing his phone from his pocket and shooting the image to Rubi. "Tell me about her."

"She's the opposite of Melissa. Complete opposite."

"Well, f**king finally."

"What does that mean?"

"Auntie Whit," Abby reprimanded, making Wes laugh.

"Sorry," she said, glancing in the rearview mirror. "It's Uncle Wes's fault."

"Pffft." Wes said.

"It means you've spent way too long trying to put that ghost behind you."

His stomach took an uncomfortable tilt. "Speak English, please."

"After you two broke up, you spent years dating women just like her. Women close to their families. Sweet, people-pleasing women. Pretty women who stayed well within societal standards. It's about time you figured out those women don't fill your less-than-conventional spirit. Don't challenge you. Don't thrill you. And as a result, don't keep you interested."

Wes's insides seemed to shift, then fall into place, though he couldn't say it was a comfortable place. "A few days ago, you told me to walk away from Rubi."

"Rubi? That's her name?"

"Yes."

"I said that because from what you've told me, I'm making an educated guess that Rubi has deep emotional issues that could damage your chances at long-term happiness. But like I said, every case is as individual as the person. It would help if I could meet her."

"I asked her to come, but..."

"The idea of family freaks her out," Whitney said, her voice confident.

"Among other things."

She slid a glance his way. "The fact that she refused to come meet your family is important. In a solid, balanced relationship-even early on-a significant other doesn't usually refuse that kind of invitation without a legitimate reason."

"She has a legitimate reason."

"Dysfunction does not count as legitimate," Whit said.

"She's working against a short work deadline, she has a dog she can't just walk away from, and her father is selling her house out from under her, so she has to find another place to live. So, I guess she has a few legitimate reasons besides the fact that she doesn't do family."

"If those legitimate reasons were gone, do you think she'd have come?"

Wes's stomach dropped. "No."

On the freeway, Wes drank in the utterly green, lush landscape of the St. Louis suburbs, its distant rolling hills, quiet three-lane freeways void of suicidal drivers. He already felt his blood pressure dipping. Wes fought to mesh his happiness at being home with his disappointment with Rubi's reluctance to come.

His phone buzzed, and he looked down.

RUBI: Cute. They look like you. And you look happy.

WES: I'd be happier if you weren't still mad at me.

RUBI: Me too.

WES: What are you doing?

RUBI: I'm the early bird at Stilettos. What do you think I'm doing? I have a deadline...unlike some other people.

A wry smile twisted his mouth. She had every right to be angry. "I love you" carried responsibility-even if the receiving party didn't reciprocate. He knew that firsthand. He hadn't been able to return the sentiment to anyone since Melissa. But he'd felt the weight of responsibility toward every woman who'd offered those words to him.

WES: You're pissy.

RUBI: Someone emotionally ambushed me earlier. Call me crazy, but I don't like it.

WES: You're right, I did. I shouldn't have. I didn't plan it, but I couldn't help it either.

RUBI: Hardly compensation. Some things, once said, can't be taken back.

Heaviness layered his shoulders. She was right. And his impulsiveness could very well turn her cold. Wes knew exactly how those words said too soon could kill what existed between two people.

WES: The fact that it upsets you should tell you something. If you didn't care, you would just brush me off.

RUBI: No Lexi-speak allowed. I'm sick of you both. Leave me alone so I don't totally f**k up this deadline.

"Are you writing a damn novel?" Whit asked.

"Shut up."

"Ooooo, Uncle Wes," Emma said from the backseat.

"Sorry." He pocketed his phone with a sense of failure and loss creeping in.

"So what does she do?" Whit asked.

"Computer programmer. She's the one who helped me with Wyatt's rig."

Whitney lifted a brow. "Seriously? That's as exciting as a CPA. Hardly any different from Melissa and physical therapy. Or a waitress. Or an art student. Or an insurance broker. Or -"

"Enough." Wes didn't need her cataloguing every profession of his previous girlfriends. "What, exactly, were you expecting? A pole dancer?"

"Maybe an actress, considering your profession. Director. Producer. Musician. Hell, a Harley dealer or a tattoo artist would be more your speed. Someone, I don't know, different. Outside the box. A rebel, like you."

That made Wes laugh. "Hardly a rebel-at least not in Hollywood terms. And believe me, Rubi's plenty different. You know it the second you meet her. And, damn, she's so freaking smart she blows me away. She made this rig for Wyatt really special. She upgraded my design with relays and a custom program. Made it wireless. Connected it to a server where she can make adjustments on the fly. Really freaking brilliant."

"She challenges you."

"In every imaginable way."

"Definitely novel as far as a girlfriend goes. Is that what's got you hooked?"

Wes shook his head and exhaled heavily. The suburbs gave way to farmland, bordered by thick, lush trees. He could feel the LA grime melting away. "There's so many things about her that have me hooked, I couldn't name them all. She's strong, independent, feisty. She's ridiculously generous with both time and money. And she's got a really thick sweet streak she only shows to those closest to her."

"Which, I'm guessing, isn't many."

"Right again. Lots of acquaintances, very few close friends." He shook his head. "I don't know if it's going to work out. I know she wants to jump, but wanting and doing... There's a big-ass gap in there."

"Where was her neglect?"

"She's the product of a quick affair. Her mother died when she was young, just two or three. And she was deposited on her rich father's doorstep. And I mean filthy rich."

"So she grew up with nannies, an absent father, and a ton of cash at her disposal."

"Yep."

"And she's smart and strong."

"And gorgeous. Did I forget to mention that?"

"I figured." She shot him a look. "You do have standards, after all. So, smart, strong, gorgeous, rich, and unsupervised-in Los Angeles. Talk about a recipe for disaster. Poor thing."

"You wouldn't think of her as a poor thing if you met her."

"Defenses. She put them in place early. And, it sounds like, she's still holding on to them pretty hard."

"So, give me the secret passage into her heart, oh great psychotherapist."

Whitney chuckled, the sound heavy and resigned. "If I had that answer, bro, I would have had the money to send a limo to the airport to pick you up."

Nineteen

Rodie inched closer to Rubi on the sofa, his front paws just grazing her thighs beneath the hem of her running shorts, and whined.

"Okay, okay..." She scrolled through the last section of code she'd written looking for that damn bug that had been plaguing her for hours. Sitting back with a disgusted sigh, she whipped her hair into a ponytail with the band around her wrist. "Damn it. I'm so close."

So close to being done with this program. Or at least the initial version. But she wanted it off her to-do list and into NSA's testing phase. She knew there would be tweaking and fixes, but she could at least get a break. Tightening her ponytail high on her head, she thought about Wes, Wyatt, and the rig. Earlier today, Wes had checked in for a small tweak of his own. Ruby also added three more programs with different settings according to the physical therapist's suggestions, sort of like a treadmill's preprogramming.

Wes's low "Are you still mad at me?" continued to roll through her head, confusing her. Then his "Do you miss me yet?" making her yearn. She missed him far too much to be normal. Or healthy. Or reasonable, given the short span of their intimacy. But the physical was the least of what left this hole at the center of her body.

The loneliness was sharper now that she had nothing to fill the void. Lexi and Jax were together in every spare moment, Wes was gone, and Rubi couldn't find any interest in hanging at Stilettos only to get hit on by men she didn't want. The empty, two-dimensional quality of her life glared.

Rodie's head popped up, and a feral growl rolled from his throat. Followed almost immediately by a round of vicious barks so loud Rubi jumped, winced, and covered her ears. Her heart squeezed and thudded so hard her ribs vibrated. Or maybe that was the sensation of Rodie's bark rippling through her.

By the time she muttered a curse and uncovered her ears, the front door bell rang. Rodie already stood at the front door, snarling and barking against the sidelight, paws scraping at the window.

Rubi's patience split. "Goddammit. Hasn't anyone ever heard of a telephone?"

She grabbed Rodie's collar and flung the door wide. The three people standing outside, two men and a woman, jumped and scrambled back away from the entry. Rubi recognized the Realtor in a crisp suit, the buyers in Friday designer casual.

"There is this thing called common courtesy," she said slowly, deliberately. "Maybe you've heard of it. Looks a lot like a phone. You know, one of those things where you punch a few buttons and then talk into it. They're used for things like...appointments. Sharing information. Leaving messages. Just a helpful piece of advice; next time, you might want to use one. Unless, of course, you'd like his freshly cleaned choppers in your leg."

"I...I..." the Realtor stammered, his gaze darting between a still-snarling, lunging Rodie and an irate, sick-of-this-shit Rubi. "I'm sorry, ma'am. We... I... The listing didn't mention the need to contact the resident prior to-"

"And I guess you missed the three signs I posted on your walk to the door."

The man glanced nervously over his shoulder with a bewildered "Oh..."

"Wait five minutes," Rubi said. "We're going for a run. That will give you forty-five minutes inside. If you're here when we get back, no guarantees."

She shut the door in his stunned face and released Rodie. Rubi grabbed his leash, glanced at the clock, and tightened the laces on her running shoes. "We're going to be late meeting Desiree," she told Rodie as she slipped on her sunglasses. "Rodie, come."

He trotted away from the front door toward the sliders, and Rubi closed them behind Rodie.

He whined and pranced beside her as she trudged through the dry sand to the water line. "All right, go on."

She gestured, and Rodie took off, sprinting after a flock of black-tailed plovers. The birds scattered, some into the air, some into the sea, and Rodie lost interest, sniffing along the shore as Rubi found her stride and caught up.

She pulled her phone from the neoprene holster around her bicep and called Desiree, who was meeting her at a house three miles up the beach. Rubi got her voice mail and left a message.

"I'm going to be about ten minutes late. Other Realtors don't seem to think calling ahead to show a house is important, and I got waylaid. On my way now via a run on the beach."She shoved the phone back into her armband and shook out her arms, trying to relax. Trying to put the day behind her. At least a dozen unannounced showings of the house. Twelve solid hours of coding the NSA's clandestine tracking program. A banana, cup of yogurt, and granola later, she needed a break. And some adult human companionship. But Lexi was working late, then taking Jax to dinner with a client. So Rubi was alone. Like she'd been alone the night before.

Wes's sudden absence made her realize just how much she'd come to depend on him-for companionship, comfort, camaraderie, and, yes, entertainment. She hadn't laughed since he'd left. It hadn't even been a full forty-eight hours since Wes had been gone, and she was lost.

"I really need some friends," she told the empty stretch of pristine shoreline alight in sunset colors of yellow and orange. "The kind I can hang with outside of sex clubs. Maybe I should get a life while I'm at it. And a hobby. And ice cream."

She continued down the shoreline, her feet striking the wet sand in a steady pace she knew by feel would pump out an eight-minute mile. She was in the mood for about eighteen eight-minute miles tonight. Or eight Sexy Bitches. Or eight Valium. Because she couldn't get that terror-inducing, "I just...love you," out of her damn head.

"Bastard," she muttered.

Her body had been in a constant state of flight since then, her adrenaline ebbing and flowing, dragging her up and down like an angry ocean.

Rubi picked up her pace, deliberately forcing her mind to focus on her body-and only her body-for three miles, until her phone beeped. Slowing her pace, Rubi scanned the cliffs on this stretch of the beach, and the homes beyond as she glanced at her screen. The map program had alerted her to the home for sale, which, according to her phone, lay at the top of those three-hundred rickety wooden stairs traversing the cliff face.

She breathed quickly, trying to catch her breath as she double-checked her map. The house was listed for a little under eight million, so she hadn't expected a supreme on-the-sand property, but... "You've got to be kidding me."

Evidently, her map had no sense of humor.

"Rubi," a voice called from above. She glanced up and spotted her Realtor, Desiree Boyd, waving down at her from a deck on the cliff. "Come on up."

Rubi squinted at the stairs, at Desiree, at Rodie, and back. "This week just keeps getting better."

Out of curiosity, Rubi counted the stairs as she followed Rodie up, holding her arms at his sides to make sure he didn't veer and fall off. Only a hundred and twenty-six stairs. She was always overestimating-the way she was overestimating this issue with Wes. Surely, she was.

"Okay." Desiree held up a hand to Rubi, her pretty Asian face holding a smile filled with promise. "I know it's not on the sand, but..." She opened her arms to the ocean at Rubi's back. "It's definitely got the view."

Rubi turned, hands on hips and out of breath from the stairs. Yes, a view of the ocean. An endless, flat expanse of blue. Other than the color, there was nothing interesting. No sand, no people, no waves against the beach.

Her stomach slid lower. She'd seen two other houses earlier in the day, one way, way, way over her price range at twenty-three million and another priced at nine million. She'd liked those about as much as she liked this. But she didn't want to be an unappreciative downer, so she said, "Beautiful."

"Take a look inside," Desiree suggested, already starting that direction.

Rubi brushed off Rodie's paws before he walked in, and they strolled around the four-thousand-square-foot home. "This is straight out of the Brady Bunch era."

Desiree's heels paused in their click across the pitted, dark wooden floors. Ancient wooden floors. "You're not old enough to know that."

"Neither are you," she said, turning in a slow circle. "I watched a lot of TV reruns when I was a kid. Okay, I've seen enough. Call me when you find something different."

She trotted down the steps again with Desiree calling, "Rubi, there's not a lot on the market in your price range right now."

"I understand, but this isn't going to work." At the bottom of the steps, she paused and glanced up at Desiree. Offering on her father's house again was on the tip of her tongue, but her hurt, her anger, and her spite kept it in. "Thanks, D."

Rubi picked up her run toward home. Against her arm, her phone buzzed. She glanced down and found a text from Wes. Rubi ignored it and focused on the waves. On the scenery. On the sunset. On her dog playing in the water.

She named everything she was grateful for, one of the earliest habits she'd developed for self-soothing. She'd been doing it as far back as her memory stretched. And some days, many more days as a child, her greatest gratitude was for the day's end.

"I love the beach. I love working for myself. I love making my own schedule," she said between breaths as she ran. "I love Rodie. I love Lexi. I love Jax. I love..." Wes. "I love Renegades. I love programming apps. I love this weather. I love..." Wes.

She did love Wes; that wasn't new. She'd shared her gratefulness for him in her life since she'd met him nearly two months before. But now-I love Wes as a friend, the same way I love Jax-felt different. It felt like more. And she just didn't know what to do with that. She'd never loved a man. Hugely believed she wasn't capable of loving a man.

And here Wes was, imbedded in her chest. Her mind. He'd somehow slipped in when she hadn't noticed, and now her feelings for him were growing like a seed planted in fertile earth. A streak of terror heated her belly. But her phone pulled her focus off the discomfort with a reminder chirp for the unread message.

"Dammit." She slowed to a walk, pulled the phone from its case on her bicep, and tapped the message. "He pokes at me even when he's thousands of miles away."

WES: Something to feel good about. Meet Wyatt.

Breathing quickly, stomach tight, she tapped the attachment, and a video played. The setting was a generic hospital room. A man lay in the center of a single bed-strapped into the rig. Rubi immediately recognized the metal strip down the sides of his leg, the black straps around both. Something hitched in Rubi's chest-surprise, awe, excitement-something unfamiliar but good. Laughter and chatter sounded in the background as if the room was filled with people, though she couldn't see anyone but the man who had to be Wyatt.

As the camera changed position and drew closer, she recognized the resemblance between Wyatt and Wes. Wyatt had the same broad build as Wes. Both had a square jaw, slim nose, strong cheekbones. Wyatt's hair was a medium brown, cut military short. His eyes were darker than Wes's, but she couldn't tell what color. He lay on top of the covers, wearing gym shorts and a T-shirt, hair mussed, unshaven.

"This is Wyatt." Wes's familiar, sexy voice came over the speaker and made Rubi's heart skip. Made emotion rush her chest. God, she was ridiculous.

"Hey, Miss Rubi," Wyatt said to the camera with a wave, a grin, and a deep Southern drawl that she hadn't expected. "Wish you were here..." He spoke with the kind of warmth reserved for deep friendship and delivered with as much sincerity as if she were standing in the room, not an absent, anonymous stranger on the other end of a video clip. He added, with a mischievous grin so much like Wes's, her heart squeezed, "So I could kick your ass. This is some hard-ass work, girl."

"And you thought the Marines were tough," Wes quipped, making everyone laugh, including Rubi.

"Daddy," a little voice squeezed in, filled with reprimand. "Ass is a bad word."

More laughter, with adult female voices in the mix.

Wes tilted the camera down, and the two girls in the photo he'd sent earlier-towheaded, fair-skinned, and blue-eyed-appeared on screen. "Say hi to Rubi."

"Hi, Rubi." Their young voices vibrated over the speaker.

"These are my nieces," Wes said. "Introduce yourselves, girls."

"I'm Abby," the smaller one said with the enthusiasm of a child who was photographed often.

"I'm Emma." She was older, a little on the shy side, and didn't look at the camera.

"All right," Wes's voice came over the speaker again. "Get to work, slacker. Let's show Rubi this rig in action."

"Slave driver," Wyatt complained.

They didn't look so scary. She always associated terrifying, annoying, or pathetic people with the concept of family. But these people were all normal. Like Wes. Like Rubi. Not the "family" that had frightened her into rejecting Wes's invitation.

"Only one more lift," a female voice added. By the way it shifted, Rubi could tell she was moving. "He's already done too much today." She stepped into the picture as she rounded to the far side of Wyatt's bed. Her blonde hair spiraled down her back, Taylor Swift style. When she turned and reached out to support Wyatt's leg, Rubi saw there was more than just her hair that resembled the music mogul. This woman had a beautiful, pixie face and light eyes. A nice build too, slim but top-heavy in the breast department. Rubi would have guessed she was Wyatt's wife, but she was dressed in solid turquoise scrubs. Had to be the physical therapist. "You'll be sore tomorrow."

Rubi glanced up, located Rodie digging in the sand, and returned her gaze to the video.

"Okay, Whitney," the blonde said. "Ready."

Rubi had no idea who Whitney was but assigned the name to another anonymous female in the room. Silence descended for a moment, then the familiar sound of the rig's motors filled Rubi's ears, and anxiety ramped up in her chest.

Wyatt lay flat, took a breath, and bent his knee, drawing it toward his chest. The move was as simple as they came, but Wyatt's face scrunched with effort. The hand at his side fisted in the sheets beneath him, and as his knee drew closer to his chest, he growled between his teeth. Then he slowly released his leg, easing it back to the bed at an utterly ridiculously slow pace.

He let out a relieved breath when it rested flat again, then grinned at the phone camera. "Couldn't do that two days ago." He gave a thumbs-up. "Thanks, Rubi."

"And that's our show for today," Wes said, then added a soft, private, "You've made a real difference here, beautiful," before the video cut out. "This rig would have been pathetic without your programming. You should be proud."

The video ended, leaving her screen with a still image of the first frame, a big circled arrow overlaying the center. The darkening sky seemed to float closer. The wind off the ocean chilled her skin and blew her hair. And emotions swirled in her chest.

"You've made a real difference here."

The words lingered like an echo. And despite her initial urge to douse the pride that was indeed filling her chest, push it off, and give Wes credit-well-deserved credit-the meaning of this stuck. Yes, she made a difference with projects like the one she was struggling over with the NSA by aiding in national security. But it was so diluted, she didn't feel it. Never saw it. And when someone worked in an isolated setting as she did, motivation and morale drastically improved when she saw the direct correlation of her work-like she did with Renegades. Like she just had with the rig.

And the light, open, promising sensation filling her chest made her realize some sort of crossroads for her life loomed close.

Rubi trusted her gut and dialed Lexi's cell.

"Hey," Lexi answered. "I'm glad you called. I'm going to need to cancel dinner tomorrow tonight. I've got a client who can't come in any other time, and-"

"I'll make you a deal" Rubi closed her eyes. "I'll forgive you for canceling dinner if you take me to the airport on your lunch break."

"Of course," Lexi said, surprised. "I didn't know you'd planned a trip. Where are you going?"

Rubi drew in a deep, slow breath. Held it a second. And jumped. "Missouri."

Twenty

"Who's f**king idea was this?"

Rubi had the air-conditioning on, because the thickness of the Missouri air seemed to make breathing more difficult. And everything smelled...damp. She was exhausted. The nights without sleep, the stress, the long work hours-it was all catching up to her. Great timing, seeing as she was on a two-lane country road in the middle of Nowhere, Missouri, alone, with no one to tell her where to go but the mysterious female GPS voice. But that was her own fault-she'd sworn Lexi to secrecy. Rubi wasn't ready to call Wes and tell him she was here. Wasn't even ready to admit she was here. Right about halfway through the flight, she'd developed this thick knot of dread in her belly.

That was also about the time a little voice in her head said, Turn back.

What the hell do you think you're doing?

This isn't you.

You don't belong here.

More and more trees flew by, lining the grassy roadside. Rubi had never seen so many trees in her life. In all her combined years. Once she'd turned off the main interstate, she'd seen nothing but trees and trees and more trees. Occasionally, a break in the trees revealed a field. Then another. Then back to the trees. And while her headlights hinted toward their changing fall colors, it was too dark to appreciate. There were as many trees here as there were people in Los Angeles. Occasionally, another car would pass in the other direction, but otherwise, no traffic. And the longer she drove, coming up on an hour now, the tighter her stomach pinched and the louder the voice grew.

"What the hell am I doing?" she muttered to herself, forehead resting in her hand.

"In five hundred feet," the GPS voice said, scaring Rubi's heart into her throat, "turn right."

A sliver of relief eased her belly. She turned at the next street and continued along the narrow, two-lane road. But she was now moving at a slight upward grade. The GPS took her through another half dozen series of turns and deeper into the trees.

"Your destination is one hundred feet on your right," Ms. GPS said.

"What?" Rubi asked, as if she'd get an answer from the machine. There was nothing out here.

"You've arrived at your destination."

Rubi checked her mirrors and stopped on the deserted road. On her right, a gravel road extended through the trees and into nothing. "What the hell?"

She pressed her head to her hand, feeling so utterly ridiculous, her body temperature rose five degrees. At least no one could see her acting so moronically. If she turned around and headed back to the airport now, she could catch the next flight home, grab a cab to her house, and tell Lexi she'd changed her mind. Decided not to go after all. No one would be the wiser.

Rubi pulled onto the gravel drive to get off the road and stared down the lonely stretch with swamping disappointment and a wicked streak of failure. Christ, she didn't even know why she was here anymore. She was so tired. Maybe she'd get a hotel back in St. Louis. Drink her dinner. And fall into bed.

On a groan of torment, she laid her head against the steering wheel and closed her eyes.

Three knocks on her window jerked her head up. Disoriented, terrorized, Rubi leaned away from the window, gripping the steering wheel with bloodless fingers. An old woman stared in at her, a perplexed look on her face.

Rubi's heart was still skittering around her chest when the woman asked, "Are you all right, sweetheart?"

A dream? A hallucination? Had she fallen asleep?

"Honey?"

The woman's concerned tone refocused Rubi. She darted glances through the windshield, the passenger's window, the rearview mirror.

Trees. Missouri.

Damn.

She must have fallen asleep. But a glance at the dashboard clock said it couldn't have been for long.

Rubi's fingers shook when she pressed the window control and rolled the glass down halfway. The thick, cool air swept into the car, dragging every scent of vegetation and earth in as well.

"I'm okay," Rubi said. "Sorry. I'm kind of...um...lost."

She was pretty for an old woman, her hair a silvery blonde, her eyes smoky blue, great bone structure...

"Who are you lookin' for?" Her accent was thick, and the twang reminded Rubi of the soft lilt she'd heard in Wes's voice on the video the night before. "I know everyone round these parts."

"Um...the Lawson family? Wes Lawson?"

"Wesley?" Her face brightened instantly. "Yes, of course, my little rebel, Wesley. Come, come." She waved for Rubi to follow and started down the gravel road.

"What...?" Rubi stared after her in confusion. Should she get out and walk? One look around and the answer was a big, fat no. She called after the woman, "Do you want me to drive you?"

"No, no," she said, still hurrying down the road. "Come, come."

Rubi let her foot off the brake and eased the car in the old woman's wake, sure she was going to end up in some crazy man's basement, never to be heard from again. And... "Wesley?" she murmured, trying to remember if that was his full name or if this woman was just plain-ass crazy.

But Rubi turned a bend in the road, and the trees parted like the red sea, exposing a beautiful two-story, farm-style home surrounded by expanses of grass. "Oh..."

The woman rushed up the porch and wrung her hands as she waited for Rubi. She parked the car and got out but hesitated, not sure if she should follow.

"Birdie?" someone called from inside the house. "Birdie, where are you?"

"Oh my..." The old woman turned toward the voice and opened the front door. "I'm right here, Claudia. Missy is here to take some of my Special K bars to Wesley."

Whoa. Rubi's reality warped, like she'd been dragged into a parallel universe. She was prying her hands from the driver's doorframe to get back in the car when a middle-aged black woman appeared on the porch. She gripped the older woman's arms, bending to look directly in the shorter woman's face.

"Birdie, Lord. Where were you? You can't just go walking around the property alone. You know that."

"I wasn't alone. Missy's here." Birdie gestured toward Rubi, and the other woman, Claudia, Rubi supposed, glanced that direction, then did a double-take on Rubi. "Now let me be. I have to wrap up some of Wesley's favorite treat."

Birdie squirmed from Claudia's grip, calling to Rubi, "I'll just be a minute." Then to Claudia, "Bring the girl in for some pop, Claudia. Where are your manners?"

Claudia came to the edge of the front steps and leaned on the banister. "You're a friend of Wes's?"

Relief sagged Rubi's shoulders. "Wes Lawson. Is he here?"

Please, please, please be here.

"No," Claudia said. "He's at the hospital with his brother."

She was in the right place. But, God, she didn't want to get back in that car. "Oh. Okay. Is that...um...nearby?"

"No, I'm sorry. It's in St. Louis."

Holy. Shit.

Her shoulders sagged again, but this time not in relief. "Do you know when he'll be back?"

"No. Sorry again. I'm just not much help at all, am I?" Her head tilted. "Is your name...Missy?"

"No, it's Rubi. I'm not sure why she's calling me-"

"Claudia," Birdie appeared behind the other woman and squeezed past. "Don't talk Missy's ear off. She's got to get back to Wesley and Wyatt." Birdie hustled forward with a brown paper bag and a smile that lit up her face but which struck Rubi as...a little odd. She patted Rubi's shoulder and offered the bag. "All right, there's enough in there for all of you. You'd better get back to Wesley now, dear. You know how he worries. Oh..." She lowered her voice into a conspiratorial tone. "I love the color you dyed your hair. Very pretty. Wesley's always preferred blondes, but you look so beautiful as a brunette, I'm sure he won't mind."

"Come on, now, Birdie." Claudia ushered Birdie into the house and closed the door after her, remaining on the porch. She turned to Rubi again with a smile. "I'm sorry about that. Birdie is...sometimes in a different place and time."

Rubi nodded, not sure what to say. Completely disoriented.

"Would you like me to call Wes for you? See when he'll be back?"

"Uh..." Panic bloomed deep in her body. "No. No, thank you. I'll go see him. Which hospital did you say?"

"The VA Medical Center in St. Louis," Claudia said. "It really would be best to make sure he's not already on his way home."

"I just...wanted my visit to be a surprise." That wasn't a lie. The why was really the lie. And the escape route she'd wanted to keep open was looking more and more viable by the moment. Only now, Wes would know she'd been here. Backing out would be messy.

Claudia smiled. "You came all the way from California, didn't you?" She waved a hand. "I should have recognized your accent, not to mention your car, your clothes, that movie-star look about you."

"I'm..." she laughed softly, "not in the movie industry."

"Come on in. Let me call him."

She held the door open and waved Rubi forward. "Would you like a can of pop or some sweet tea?"

"No, thank you." Rubi parted her lips to tell them she couldn't come in, but hell, she was tired and she didn't know where she was going. So she climbed the stairs, wondering if Wes had grown up here. Then found herself wondering all about his childhood.

The interior of the home was spacious and open, with big rooms flowing together and vaulted ceilings. The kitchen was as modern as Rubi's-correction, Dolph's-with granite counters, stainless steel appliances and light wooden, glass-fronted cabinets. The dining and family rooms, all open to the kitchen, were painted different jewel tones, offset by white ceilings and lots of light through the windows. The floors were wide-planked, light wood. The overall effect was sophisticated yet homey.

Birdie stirred something on the stove, and the scent of spices filled the air. "Can you stay for supper, Missy? I know how you love my corned beef. Wesley's favorite."

Wes liked corned beef?

Rubi rubbed her forehead. "Thank you, but I'm just going to-"

Claudia held up a finger to her lips, then into the phone said, "Hey, Wes, it's Claudia."

The thought of Wes so close made Rubi's stomach jump and burn. Made her yearn to fall into his arms. The longing itself made Rubi uncomfortable. She was completely twisted.

"Yeah, everything's fine. Listen, your mama and daddy are still in Kansas City. They're getting a late start back. Grams is fixing up corned beef. Do y'all think you'll make it back for supper?" She was quiet a moment. "All right, then. No fuss. Take care now."

She hung up the portable phone on the kitchen counter. "He's still at the hospital. Said he wouldn't be heading back for another hour or two. So you should have just enough time to catch him."

Armed with Grams's Special K bars-whatever the hell those were-and a can of "pop" in the form of Coke, Rubi followed Ms. GPS's directions back to St. Louis and the VA Medical center with a shitload of misgivings. And even by the time she slid her rental-a crisp, white BMW sports coupe-past the front of the hospital's spinal injury center, she still hadn't decided whether or not to call him.

But fate decided for her.

As she pulled the car into a parking spot at the front left of the building, she spotted Wes strolling the path leading to the main entrance. And he wasn't alone. Whoever the woman was had long blonde hair and knew Wes well judging by the minimal distance between them.

Fine. Rubi turned off the car to wait. After Birdie, Rubi wasn't exactly up for meeting any more of Wes's family or friends at the moment.

With his hands in the front pockets of his jeans, staring down at the concrete beneath his feet, he looked ridiculously adorable. Rubi found herself wondering if he had baby pictures she could see. The thought made her smile. She soaked in the sight of him in his jeans and long-sleeved tee after not seeing him for three days. The first time they'd been apart in two months. Crazy. Not at all a normal relationship. But then, Rubi didn't know anything about normal.

She shifted in her seat, restless to surprise him. Her smile widened as she realized how quickly her uncertainty morphed to excitement. All it took was his proximity and her fears seemed to melt.

"Come on..." she murmured, leaning her head sideways to get a better view. "Go home already, blondie. I'm exhausted. And I can't wait to get my hands on that man."

"Wesley's always preferred blondes."

The comment scraped along Rubi's nerves. His grandmother was definitely a little off. But Rubi's mind drifted back to what she knew of his previous girlfriends. Jax and the other Renegades razzed each other about women often enough for Rubi to catch a few details. She knew Kayla had been blonde, but she couldn't remember if his other girlfriends had been too.

It didn't matter. Rubi was secure enough with herself to know a hair color didn't determine attraction. And she also knew if she had to choose a type, blond would not be her top choice, yet she was hot as hellfire for Wes Lawson.

Wes and the blonde woman slowed their pace as they neared the parking lot and continued talking. He laughed at something she said, and she leaned into him.

A trickle of heat coursed down Rubi's neck. "Don't..." she barely whispered.

He didn't pull away but neither did he take his hands from his pockets to touch her. They talked another moment, a span of time that seemed like an eternity to Rubi. Then the blonde made her move-one Rubi had known was coming. That hadn't surprised her. She lifted her hands to Wes's shoulders, pushed up on her toes, and kissed him. Not just a peck either. She lingered there.

Rubi's stomach clenched. And as if she'd been numbed, a dull ache filled her chest. "Don't..." she begged Wes in a whisper.

He lifted his head and said something, hands still in his pockets as if they'd been glued there. The blonde responded by sliding her hand around his neck and pulling Wes's mouth down to hers.

Rubi's breath slid out in a slow exhale of wounded disappointment, but beneath lived that ever-present resignation. She wasn't right for Wes, and by coming here, she was only prolonging the inevitable.

"Or...he's really just looking to hook up with you because you're hot, to tide him over until he finds another one of those sweet girls to settle with again."

The very reality of Lexi's words might mean whatever relationship Wes and Rubi had been flirting with was already over. And she'd created this whole goddamned mess.

Tears crept up, blurring her vision. She certainly hadn't been prepared for this twist. At least not tonight.

Wes's hands finally pulled from his pockets, slid up the woman's arms. Still, he didn't push her away. A rock formed in Rubi's stomach-not the pain of jealousy, but of loss. And damn but she felt foolish. So f**king foolish. The pain in her stomach spread to her chest and throbbed there.

Rubi closed her eyes and sank back into the seat, weighted like lead. "I'm such a f**king loser."

The whisper dissipated, and Rubi reached forward, turning the engine over. Without looking at Wes again, she pulled out of the parking spot and exited the lot for the freeway. And the airport.

Twenty-One

Wes froze at the feel of Melissa's lips on his. The two of them had been getting along great the last two days, like the friends they'd once been. Like no time had passed. He'd settled into the comfort and camaraderie, proud of them both for being able to let the past go.

So this move was completely unexpected.

Time seemed to stand still. Memories flashed back-their first kiss, their first I love yous, their first time making love in the back of his truck. But this kiss didn't bring back any of those old emotions. Not at all the way he'd once believed it would if he'd ever gotten the chance to kiss her again.

In fact, it felt wrong. All wrong.

Wes added pressure to Melissa's arms. As badly as he wanted her mouth off his, he didn't want to jerk her around. To dislodge her, he had to reach up and curl his fingers around hers, prying them loose. Then he was able to pull his head back and break the kiss.

"Missy," he said, frowning. "What was that?"

She wasn't at all the kind of woman he wanted. Not now. And looking back, probably not then either. But she'd fit the acceptable model for his family.

She turned her hand in his and threaded their fingers together. "It's called a kiss. We used to be very good at it."

She leaned closer, her br**sts pressing his chest. Instead of desire, only anxiety and discomfort filled him. Beyond, in the parking lot, tires gave a curt squeal as someone popped a clutch too fast. Wes glanced that direction as a white BMW coupe turned onto the freeway.

"Let's try it again," Melissa said. "See if you remember this time."

She pushed up, but this time, with his hand trapped in hers, he pulled back. "I'm...seeing someone, Missy."

At least he hoped he was still seeing Rubi. She hadn't responded to any of his messages since midday yesterday. At least when she was angry, she was still talking. Wes's biggest fear was that the anger had grown old and she just stopped caring all together. With him gone and her not responding to his calls or texts or even videos, he knew that indifference would happen even faster.

"Oh." Melissa eased back, a frown turning her lush mouth down. "I...didn't realize... Wyatt and Whitney said-"

"Wyatt and Whitney don't know everything."

"Is she...special?" Melissa asked, a little pouty.

"Very," Wes said. He had to bite his tongue to keep from apologizing to Melissa. He was not sorry he was in love with Rubi.

She took a step back and released his hand. "All right, then." She smoothed her hands down the front of her scrub top. "I guess we'll call this...an old-times' sake kiss and call it good."

Wes nodded. Forced a smile. "Sounds good. See you tomorrow."

"Yep. Good night."

Wes waited while she climbed into her car, a sensible blue Subaru four-wheel-drive, and backed out of her spot. Then he pulled out his phone and checked for messages from Rubi. Nothing. God, he needed to hear her voice.

He called her number and listened to it ring as he wandered toward his brother's truck-Wes's ride for the time he was in town. Her voice mail picked up.

"Rubi Russo." Her smooth voice came over the line. "Give it to me."

Beep.

"Hey, baby," Wes said. "Would really love to hear your voice-even if you're still pissed. This has been the longest three days of my life." He unlocked the truck and pulled the door open. "Wyatt's making amazing progress. He's working with the rig three times a day and gaining strength faster than he did during the recovery of his first surgery. Doctors are impressed. His surgeon wants to talk with you about your programming. They have a big spine center here, do a lot of surgery."

He laid a hand on the steering wheel and looked out into the growing darkness with a hole opening inside him. "Anyway..." He paused, not sure how much to say or not say. "I miss you. Keep finding myself looking around to share something..." He stopped himself from getting too sappy. "Okay." He had to bite his tongue from signing off with I love you. "Talk later."

He disconnected and climbed into the truck. After he'd turned onto the highway toward home, he dialed the house.

"Hello."

"Hey, Grams, it's Wes."

"Hello, Wesley. How's the weather in California, sweetie?"

A tired smile lifted his mouth. "I'm not in California, Grams. I'm on my way to Mom's house. I'll see you in about an hour. Do you or Claudia need anything from town while I'm out?"

"Oh, I don't think so. Did Missy bring you the Special K bars? I added melted chocolate on top, just the way you love them."

Wes rubbed his eyes. When Whitney told him that Grams was deteriorating, she wasn't kidding. Within an hour of talking to his grandmother, Wes had learned the quickest and most painful way to avoid a long-drawn-out, frustrating conversation-which she always won-was to agree with her. "Yep. Sure did. Thanks, Grams. Can I talk to Claudia for a minute?"

What a long freaking day, he thought, waiting for Claudia.

"Hey, Wes."

"Hey. I'm on my way back, just wanted to know if you need anything in town? Grams says no, but..."

Claudia chuckled. "This time she's right."

"All right, then. See you soon."

"Wes?" Claudia said as he pulled the phone from his ear.

"Yeah, still here."

"Did Rubi find you?"

A split second of utter confusion hit him. Claudia should not know Rubi's name. No one but Whitney should know Rubi's name. Then his heart took a hard punch and dropped to his stomach. He braked and pulled over to the side of the road. He was suddenly breathing hard. "What do you mean find me? Did she call?"

"No, she came by. It took me a minute to figure out how she knew you, but then I recognized her California accent, that flashy car, all dressed up. She's a beauty. Seems real nice."

"Claudia..." Fuck he really couldn't breathe now. "Just to be clear, you're saying that Rubi came to Mom's house looking for me. Like...in person."

"Well, how else could she come? But it doesn't sound like she found you. I sent her to the VA Medical Center. If you're just leaving town now, I can't imagine she missed you."

Wes shoved the truck into Park, leaned forward, and pressed his forehead on the steering wheel. With his eyes squeezed tight and a ball of fire in his stomach, he asked, "What...kind of car was she driving?"

Before he heard the answer, he knew.

"Fancy white sports car. A BMW." She pronounced the W as "double-ya."

"Did she say where else she might go?" Wes asked, his forehead suddenly damp.

"Nope. Thought for sure she would have found you."

"I think...I think she did. Thanks, Claudia. I might be later than I thought."

"That's fine, boy. No rush."

Wes said good-bye and disconnected. He raked his hand through his hair, forcing his mind to engage. She'd flown all the way out here, driven herself from the airport, only to find him kissing Melissa.

"God can't be that cruel." He sat back and whipped the truck around, driving the direction her car had gone. "He can't."

He called Rubi's cell three times in a row, disconnecting when her message came on. At a stoplight. he texted her.

WES: WHERE are you?

When he didn't get an answer, he dialed Lexi.

"Hi, Wes," she answered.

"You sound guilty already," he said. "Where is she?"

"Um...I don't want to get in the middle-"

"Lexi, she flew all the way out here just to turn around and go home? Come on. You're her best friend. You know we're good together. That woman needs to get out of her own goddamned way. Now tell me where she is."

A pause. Then a heavy exhale. "The airport."

Wes stomped on the gas. Hope flared. "Which airline?"

"United. Her plane leaves in forty-five minutes. Wes?"

"Yeah?"

"She's...upset. She's trying to pretend she's not, but...she's fragile right now. And as much as I love you, if you break her heart, I'll break yours."

That made Wes smile. "Understood."

As soon as he disconnected, his phone buzzed with a message.

RUBI: I'm where I'm supposed to be and you're where you're supposed to be. Everything's good.

"No," he murmured to himself, sliding his phone into his pocket. "But everyone's going to be right where they should be real soon."

He reached the airport in ten minutes instead of the twenty it should have taken, parked illegally, and ran into the terminal. He purchased the cheapest ticket he could get-a commuter hop from St. Louis to Des Moines-just to get to the gate. Security was excruciating. But he spotted one of his childhood football buddies working TSA and got rushed through. He sprinted through the United terminal like one of those idiots late for their plane and pulled to a stop in front of a departure board. There were two flights leaving for LA.

"Now boarding passengers for flight 5612 to Los Angeles." A woman's voice filled the terminal. "We invite disabled persons, military personnel in uniform, and Global Services to board now."

Wes's chest burned with a punch of panic. "No, no, no."

He swiveled on his heel, searched for gate numbers, and ran down the corridor. He slowed just before the gate, scanning the area. He was breathing hard, sweating. His heart pounded quickly in his chest.

"Where are you?" he whispered, his gaze darting from person to person at the crowded gate. People were already in line to board according to group number, blocking his view.

He couldn't find her. Fuck. His heart sank. Blood drained from his head, leaving him dizzy.

Wes pulled out his phone, hit the speed dial number for Rubi with his thumb, then watched the passengers and listened for the ring. But got nothing.

"Dammit." Could she have anticipated Wes coming? Given Lexi the wrong airline?

He pushed a hand through his hair and walked past the gate, now searching for the restrooms. He turned in a circle, spotted them, and watched the women going in and out for a moment.

"We now invite group one to board." The woman's voice filled Wes's ear.

Group one included first class. That would be Rubi.

He turned again, scanned the line. Searched the gate seating area.

Rubi turned from looking out the windows facing the tarmac as if she'd just appeared, but in reality, she'd been standing in a corner behind the airline's customer service booth. Relief nearly took Wes to his knees. His air whooshed out of his chest, and he bent at the waist, pressing his hands to his thighs to stay upright.

He straightened and started toward her, suddenly blank on what he wanted, needed, to say. How he'd missed her, he couldn't begin to understand. She wore a deep red dress with a large abstract pattern of chocolate and black spread over the arm and the opposite side of the skirt. The dress was long sleeved but low cut in the front, and the material clung to her every perfect inch. Her spiked heels were black. She wore her silver bangles, a long silver necklace, and several silver rings. Her hair was wound into a pretty knot at her neck, secured with a silver clip, and dark, wavy tendrils framed her gorgeous face.

She sat in a chair at the end of the row and pulled a piece of paper from her purse, then studied it. Wes approached, but Rubi didn't look up. He dropped both hands on the arms of the seat and used them to lower himself to his knees in front of her.

Rubi gasped and sat back. When her bright eyes met his, a frown of annoyance marred her face, but her eyes were red, puffy, her cheeks still damp with tears. The sight sucked the air from his chest.

"Baby..." was all he managed through the relief, the regret.

"What...?" she started, her frown vanishing. "How...?" Her mouth closed, eyes narrowed. "Lexi. Damn her. She promised."

"It's my fault. I didn't give her a choice. You know how impossible I can be."

"Yes, I do." She sat back, putting room between them. "Look, this was a whim, and coming was a mistake. I seem to be making a lot of them lately. Let's just forget this happened. Forget the last week happened. We'll go back to being friends. You go back to...whatever you were doing. But I have to go now."

She sat forward, but Wes didn't move. "I know you saw me with Melissa, and-"

"I did. She's way more your type. I get it. It's fine. A relief, really. We're all good. Let me get on the plane, Wes. They're boarding-"

He leaned in and shut her up with his mouth.

Her lips were tight, unyielding. She pushed him back on the chest, eyes blazing. "Don't even." She kept her voice to a whispered growl. "I'm not going to play games with you. I won't share, and I won't ever settle for being second in a man's life. I've lived that way too long. And I know for a fact that I'm better off alone."

"Now boarding group number two on United Airlines flight 5612 to Los Angeles. Group two."

She pushed to her feet, but Wes grabbed her arms and pulled her back down.

"Goddammit," she rasped. "Don't make me throw a fit here."

"Melissa and I dated for a long time back in high school and college." He let the words spill out. "She kissed me, I told her I was seeing someone, and she apologized. That's it. That's all there was to it."

She considered a moment, the anger in her face draining. "It doesn't matter. I shouldn't have come. I realized this was a mistake the moment I hit thirty-thousand feet. But I had forward momentum, so I kept going. Seeing you and Melissa just confirmed this was wrong. You looked so right together. I just realized we shouldn't be trying to force something that isn't, I don't know, natural. Meant to be. We just need to let it go, Wes."

Panic flared in his veins, and determination settled in. "No way." The sound came out more menacing than he'd intended, but he felt her slipping, and he was holding on tight. "You made plane reservations. You found someone to take care of Rodie. You drove over an hour to the airport. Got on a plane. Rented a car. Drove all the f**king way to my parents' house in a place you've never been before, then drove back to the VA. You are not making me believe this is a goddamned whim. If you want to go home, go. But you're going to admit I matter to you before you get on that f**king plane."

"Of course you-"

"None of that friend bullshit." His vehemence made her wince, and she looked down at her hands in her lap.

"Is there a problem here?" A female voice made them both look up. One of the United representatives from the desk towered above them, a stern look on her dark face. Her gaze travelled from Wes to Rubi. "Do you want me to call security?"

She offered a tight smile. "No. I'm sorry. We'll-"

"We'll take it somewhere else," Wes finished for her.

When Wes glanced up and around to figure out where they could have a private conversation, he found nearly everyone in the area looking at them. Fuck it. He didn't give a shit. He pushed to his feet, grabbed Rubi's suitcase with one hand and Rubi's hand with the other.

"Now boarding group number three on United Airlines flight 5612 to Los Angeles," came over the intercom. "Group three."

"Wes..." She tugged against his hand. "I'm going to miss my flight."

"You're really going to miss it if we don't talk."

She pressed her lips together but didn't argue as he created a path through the lines of passengers and veered toward a virtually empty seating area near another gate. He released her luggage and pulled her into his arms. The feel of her body stretched against him was so good, it hurt.

"Damn," he breathed. "I've missed you."

She pressed her face against his chest, slipped her fingers through his hair. And all he could think was heaven. This was the woman he wanted.

"There is nothing forced about this. The fight is all in denying it." He released her, gripped her arms, and pushed her back. "Now that you know I wasn't kicking it up with an old, dead flame, tell me why you can't stay."

Looking away again, Rubi dropped into a chair and slouched against the back. "I didn't come for the right reasons."

He waited, but when she didn't go on, he demanded, "What does that mean?"

"It's...complicated." Her expression grew concrete, resolute. She seemed to slide deeper into herself, away from Wes. "I didn't come for you. I came for me." She met his gaze, her expression guilty. "Lexi has Jax. I've outgrown Stilettos. I've banished my father. Now my house has been invaded by real estate brokers who feel like they have more rights to it than I do. I didn't realize it until I was already here, maybe until after I saw you at the hospital and came back to the airport...but I wanted to feel like I fit somewhere. I wanted to be with someone who wanted me."

He sat beside her, basking in this openness. This vulnerability beneath that layer of Kevlar. "You came to the right place. No one wants you more than I do."

"It was selfish."

"That's ridiculous. That's like saying me having sex with you is selfish because I want to get laid. If it's what we both want, then we both win. And I want you here with me." He clasped his hands and leaned forward on his thighs, tilting his head to look into her downturned face. "But you have to want it too."

She pulled her lip between her teeth, and tears rolled down her cheeks, then dripped on the floor before she could lift her hand to wipe them away. The sight absolutely broke him. He hadn't even believed her capable of crying-a preconceived idea he'd only just now realized.

"I do," she said, her voice shaky. "When I saw you with Melissa..." She sniffled. "It hurt to think of losing you." She lifted her gaze to his. They were filled to the brim with tears and the brightest green he'd ever seen. "I don't know how to do this, Wes. I haven't had a relationship since high school, and even then I was no good at it. I was never good at it. You have to accept that responsibility if you want to be with me-knowing I could very well screw it all up and hurt you."

"Now boarding group number four on United Airlines flight 5612 to Los Angeles," came over the intercom. "Group four."

Wes's own eyes grew hot. He lifted a hand to her face and turned her to look at him. "The last time I told a woman I loved her for the first time was back in high school. I think we've both grown up a little since then. We both know you can do anything you put that wicked mind to."

She huffed a laugh, and tears squeezed out of her eyes when they closed. Wes lifted her face to his and kissed the trails over her cheeks, sipping the wetness from her skin. Then touched his lips to hers. Now they were warm and wet and salty.

When she kissed him back, a rush of urgency filled his body in a whoosh. He opened his mouth and stroked his tongue between her lips. She responded instantly, heatedly, pushing a hand into his hair and fisting it as she met his tongue on a long moan.

"Now boarding group number five on United Airlines flight 5612 to Los Angeles," came over the intercom. "Last boarding call for United Airlines flight 5612 to Los Angeles."

He pulled his mouth from hers. "Stay, Rubi. Just a few days. Meet Wyatt, see how the rig works. You don't have to stay with my family. There's a bed-and-breakfast a few miles away, a couple of hotels in Washington, just over the river-"

"I'll stay." She said, a smile warming her face. Wes felt like the sun rose in his chest. "Just for a few days. I'm not sure what to do about where to stay."

Christ, he was elated. Even his craziest stunt didn't work him up like this. "We'll leave it open for now. Let's go home, get some dinner, meet my family-"

"I've already met a few. I'm guessing Melissa goes by Missy?"

"She used to, in high school. How'd you know that?"

Rubi pushed to her feet and grabbed the handle of her luggage. "Evidently, Birdie thinks I'm Missy."

Wes straightened with a groan. "Sorry."

"Doesn't matter. But someone should tell Birdie you don't prefer blondes so much anymore."

He swung his arm around her shoulders and grinned down at her. "She said she gave you a batch of my favorite treat. You owe me some sugar."

Rubi lifted that gorgeous face to his, the shadows weren't completely gone from her eyes, but that didn't keep love from squeezing his heart.

"Let's just see how this goes," she said. "Then we'll talk about sugar."

Twenty-Two

Wes couldn't believe what a lucky bastard he was. He could have lost her if he'd missed her at the airport. And he was sure that by the time she'd reached LA, she would have convinced herself she was done with him. Now, she sat in the middle of the bench seat, squeezed to his side beneath his arm. Her mouth was on his neck, her hand on his thigh. Which kept inching higher.

Almost to the turn off the main highway, Wes had pulled the clip from her hair and now combed his fingers through the strands again. He could do it forever. So thick, so silky, it felt beautiful beneath his hand. Right now he was also enjoying the comfortable silence between them. They'd spent the first half hour catching up-on Wyatt and Wes's family, on Rubi's work, the stunt apps, Rodie, and the house. Rubi had just finished telling him about the Realtor who kept popping in on her without calling, and he was wishing he could have been there to show the man the way out. On his ass.

"Why don't you put an offer in on your house?"

"I already tried that. Six times." Her smooth voice purred in his ear, shooting tingles over his neck. If he got any harder, his dick was going to break his zipper.

"Can't hurt to try again."

"Yes, it could. I'm done with him."

"You can still be done. Just look at it as a business transaction. One that allows you to own the house you love, free of him. You can't win the game if you don't play."

When he glanced at her, she lifted her head and kissed his lips. He tried kissing her while watching the road, and the truck veered into the other lane. Wes straightened with a jerk of the wheel. "Whoa."

Rubi laughed. "You can't drive and kiss at the same time?"

"Obviously not." He signaled and took the exit for the two-lane road leading to his parents' house.

"Hmm." She ran a finger from his temple to his jaw. Then her hand slid beneath the hem of his T-shirt and stroked his belly, her fingers pausing on the button of his jeans. And popped it. "What about with my mouth on a different part of your body?"

She worked his zipper down, and Wes was caught in a tense battle between shock and excitement. "Rubi-"

He jerked at the feel of her palm cradling his cock. With a soft hum of pleasure, she lowered her head and closed her mouth over him. A brilliant burst of light blinded him. "Ah shit, Rubi..."

She took him deeper, stroking the swollen shaft with a velvet tongue.

"Oh my God." His hand tightened in her hair. Excitement whipped up from his groin. His balls squeezed. His gut stung with pleasure. "Rubi..."

He didn't know what he wanted to say-other than her name. Or how impossibly good she felt. Or how badly he wanted her. But she wasn't listening anyway. And Wes couldn't think anymore. She suckled him deep, moaning with pleasure, dragging him out of her mouth slowly. So slowly.

She sat up and kissed his mouth again. "I want you." She unfastened her seat belt. Her hands slipped beneath her skirt, reappearing as they dragged her panties down her legs-all while those catlike eyes stayed on him. "And I can't wait."

The woman was one ridiculous thrill after another. Wes divided his attention between the road and Rubi, favoring the latter enough to convince him he was going to end up in a ditch. She turned, pulled her feet beneath her, and knelt on the seat beside him. With a hand on his shoulder, she said, "You concentrate on staying on the pavement. I'll concentrate on staying on you."

Slowly, carefully, she stretched one long leg-high heel still in place-across his lap. He was momentarily distracted from the consequences of the act by the glorious sight of that toned thigh. Then the sweet scent of her arousal mixed with her perfume and-wham-lust hit him hard and square. His focus on the road wavered.

"Whoa, hold on-"

"Are you a stunt driver," she asked, aligning her hips with his and leaning slightly to one side so he could see out the windshield over her shoulder, "or not?"

His head was definitely fogged. He couldn't even answer. Was he a stunt driver? What the f**k was his goddamned name? The woman wiped his mind of everything but her-her scent, her feel, her taste. And yes, he wanted to be tasting her. But all his mind could do was spin and spin. Then she lowered herself until her soft pu**y pressed along the length of his cock. And, holy mother of God, he lost his mind.

"Christ, Rubi..." He sounded like he was dying. One hand choked the steering wheel. His other fingers dug into the perfect curve of her bare hip beneath her skirt.

Come on, turnout. But there was nothing on the side of the road but narrow grassy patches lined with trees.

She rocked her hips, and her pu**y wet his length. The stroke washed his lower body with electric need. "God," she breathed, "you feel good."

"For the love of God..." he ground out from behind clenched teeth.

She pushed up on her knees, gripped his c**k in her palm, and dragged him to her entrance.

Still no goddamned turnout. What the f**k was wrong with Missouri transit?

Her pu**y closed over the tip of his cock, and another streak of lightning blinded him. When his sight returned, he was drifting toward the shoulder. He straightened, but... "Rubi..."

A hot little breathy laugh came from her throat. One filled with decadent, wicked pleasure. One that amped his heart rate, temperature, and blood pressure until his skin felt too tight.

And then she lowered the rest of the way on his cock. Slowly. Slowly. So damn slowly.

The road swam in his vision. But a shadow on the right exposed a turnout. Wes braked, turned the wheel, and bumped over the turnout's rough gravel base. That rumble also made Rubi bounce on his lap, and he pushed so deep, he could have been in her throat again.

She was half laughing, half moaning when he shoved the truck into Park, fisted her hair with both hands, and jerked her head down to kiss her. Her curved lips instantly opened and molded to his, her tongue tasting.

Wes groped for his seat belt, released it, and slid out from behind the wheel, carrying her with him. His hands moved down her back to her hips. With his feet braced on the floor, his hand on her ass, he had everything he needed to dig in. She was perfectly tight. Lusciously wet, and with all the need pent up over the last few days, all his frustration, all his desire, he tightened his ass and pushed with his thighs, driving into her. Over and over and over with frantic and sudden fiery need.

"Oh God..." she said, her voice high-pitched and tight.

"Insane." He needed more, so much more. And faster. And longer. But this was a quick, urgent surge of lust. The kind that snapped with the heat of an explosive. "You feel so good."

His orgasm came barreling at him, like a brick wall in a stunt crash, only this time he wouldn't bail before impact.

"God..."

Her teeth closed over his shoulder and a scream rumbled in her throat. Her pu**y clenched around him, the muscles convulsing, squeezing his orgasm forward. He let his own scream of release come, filling the cab with the guttural sound of pleasure. Let himself feel the thrill roll through him in waves.

Rubi's forehead rested on his shoulder. Her hot breath streamed through the cotton of his T-shirt. Her heart beat quickly against his chest. And Wes felt the impact of that figurative brick wall, his head wobbly and dazed.

"Lawson," she said between breaths, "you rock my world."

That tickled something inside him, and laughter rolled up his throat. Then he had to catch his breath again before he said, "You f**king...floor me."

"Well...we've got that...going for us, right?"

He dropped his head back on the seat and lifted a hand to push the hair from her eyes. They were heavy-lidded, smoky, and sated. Her full mouth a little more swollen from his assault. Christ, he'd missed her so much, it hurt to look at her. He kissed her gently. "We've got a hell of a lot more than that going for us, baby."

So relaxed after that blockbuster quickie, Rubi almost fell asleep on Wes's shoulder. He was warm and quiet, his arm tight around her shoulders, his fingers sliding through her hair in a barely there caress that soothed her toward sleep.

Then the car slowed, turned, and gravel crunched under the tires.

She came awake quickly and with a fresh ball of unease in her gut. In the headlights, the house where she'd met Birdie and Claudia stood illuminated. But now it didn't look at all tranquil. The quiet country home bustled with activity. Cars and trucks lined the drive. Golden light spilled from every window. People stood in the kitchen, sat in the family room, wandered the living room. Children streaked between the rooms, and their voices reached Rubi all the way out where Wes parked, a dozen yards or more from the house.

"Um..." She lifted her head from his shoulder as he turned off the engine. "Are they having a party...or something?"

Wes grinned, but it wasn't as wide or bright as his carefree smile. "Not exactly." He unwrapped his arm from around her shoulders. "My parents are back-they went to Kansas City today on business. Looks like Whitney is here, and, well, a few other relatives."

"A few?"

"We've got a big family that seems to congregate whenever there's a wedding, birth, death, holiday...or, in this case, surgery."

A flutter in her stomach carried the knot toward her throat. "Ah."

Her mind was busy darting between skipping out-she could think of a million excuses-and staying. For Wes. She knew meeting his family was important to him, and she already felt bad over the realization that she'd originally come for selfish motives.

Wes opened the door, slid out, and turned, reaching for her. He gripped her waist and pulled her into him, kissing her as he lowered her feet to the ground. His lips were gentle, the kiss slow and tender. "I can't wait to get you..."-he kissed her again-"in a bed..."-and again-"for an entire night."

Rubi's nerves coiled. The idea sounded blissful in some ways, terrifying in others. And that streak of discomfort that kept popping up whenever she experienced a solid foundation of happiness annoyed the hell out of her. Even acknowledging the conditioned response for what it was didn't do anything to make it less terrifying.

"Hey."

Rubi turned her gaze from the house-where she hadn't realized she'd focused-back to Wes.

"You don't have to meet them tonight," he said. "You've had a long day. Want me to find someplace to stay? We'll go there."

She couldn't stand the disappointment in his eyes. "No. It's fine. I just..."

I just don't know how to socialize in normal situations. Put her in a bar, a club-even a sex club, and she knew how to control the situation. Put her in a group of studly men, like the Renegades, and she could pull their strings like a puppeteer. Put her in a business meeting, and she could hold her own with the brightest minds in the industry. At a photo shoot, she owned the cameras. On the runway, she possessed the crowd.

But put her in a room full of relatives, people who had a myriad of invisible connections with each other, who loved each other, felt obligation and fondness and duty to each other, and she was a sailboat in a storm.

"I'm just warning you," she said, sliding her hands over his biceps, "I'm not good at this."

"You do it with me and Lexi and Jax and the other guys all the time." He threaded their fingers as they made their way up the stairs. "We're like family. Just think of this as meeting extended family."

Easier said than done. Especially for someone who didn't understand the concept of family. But for Wes, she smiled and nodded.

Approaching the house, Rubi realized the scene inside was even more chaotic than she'd first suspected. There weren't just people in the kitchen and living room, but milling deeper in the house as well. And there were more children, more than just Wes's two nieces.

Anxiety sang over her nerves. For a reason she couldn't begin to understand, she flashed back to her life as a kid and all the turmoil with her father. Their millions of fights. Her dozens of nannies-only a few of whom were ever good to Rubi.

At the door, Wes leaned forward and gripped the handle. But he paused, settled those beautiful gray eyes on Rubi. "I've got your back, okay? Just be yourself, baby. I know my family, and if I love you, they'll love you."

One of the kids inside squealed-the pitch so high, the sound so loud, Rubi winced. A houseful of laughter followed, but that didn't settle Rubi's nerves. Wes opened the door and pushed it wide, his other hand settled on her lower back, ushering her into the house.

Panic gripped Rubi. Stepping over the threshold felt a hell of a lot like stepping off an emotional cliff. And she had the most surreal sensation of time slowing as she stood there on the polished hardwood floors, just where she'd been earlier today.

The house slowly went eerily quiet as conversations stopped and all attention turned on them. Correction-on her. She swore every person in the room gave her a slow sweep with their eyes, from the very tip of Rubi's head to the pointed heels of her pumps. She calculated most of the gazes filled with shock. Not exactly a surprise she didn't fit in.

Most of the guests were dressed down in jeans, T-shirts, and boots, including the women. One older man wore overalls. Overalls. Rubi didn't even know they made those anymore. The women kept their hair mostly one length, their faces mostly clean of makeup, their bodies bare of jewelry but a simple wedding band here and there.

If she hadn't felt awkward over fitting in before, she sure as shit did now.

"Hey, Uncle John." Wes's voice seemed to kick-start time again, jolting Rubi out of her funk, and the room churned back into real-time speed again. Guests' gazes, ones that had seemed frozen, strayed back to their conversations and sound filled the space. Rubi felt like she'd just come off some mind-altering drug.

He closed the door at her back, and, keeping one hand on her shoulder, he offered the other to his uncle standing near the door. "Great to see you."

The older man, silver-haired and attractive with those familiar crystal blue eyes, grinned. Rubi wanted to like his family, she really did. And despite Birdie calling her Missy, Rubi had found the woman kind. But there was a familiar look in the man's eyes as he surveyed Rubi that told her he wasn't a guy she'd like.

"This is my girlfriend, Rubi." Wes's introduction was as casual and noncommittal as they came, but the label "girlfriend" made her restless, as if the simple thought of being assigned to one man gave her the urge to escape.

"Well, Wes," John said, offering his hand to Rubi. "You always snag the beauties, don't you?"

Rubi didn't like the inappropriate dig at Wes which mentioned other women in front of his "girlfriend," and she didn't like the insinuation that she was no different from the other women in Wes's life-but she smiled politely anyway.

"Where did you come from?" he asked with a derogatory note in his voice.

She pulled her hand back and smiled. The worst thing she could do was let him rattle her. "Some days it feels like Venus, but I live in Los Angeles. You?"

"Kansas City."

"You look great," Wes told him. "Took off a few pounds?" He gripped the man's bicep beneath a crewneck sweater. "Beefing up?"

"That heart scare last year did the trick. But it's tough for me to get to the gym." The man's gaze slid toward Rubi, his mouth curved in more of a smirk than a smile. "I mean, it's not like I get to play games and set my own schedule at work like Wes does, right? Some of us have responsibilities."

John laughed at his own joke with way too much satisfaction. Rubi's temper flared and Wes tensed beside her. His hand tightened, signaling an intent to move on. But she wasn't done here.

"Or priorities. I know Wes works some long-ass days, but he's always at the gym at five a.m." Rubi gave John a smile designed to make his circuits blow. "So what do you do?"

"Doctor," John said, his tone carrying an edge of my-work-is-more-important-that's-why-I-don't-get-to-the-gym. "I have my own family practice."

"Nice," Rubi said, feigning impression, then wrinkled her nose. "I bet you have to be on call a lot."

"No, not much." He'd done just what Rubi had expected-contradicted himself in an effort to appear important. "One of the perks of having my own practice."

"Right, right," she said, her voice thick with appreciation, giving him one last stroke before she pulled out the knife. "Oh, but, now wait." She tilted her head and pushed a casual lightness into her tone. "You have your own practice, but you don't set your own schedule?" She chuckled at her upcoming joke, much the way John had laughed at his own. "Man, that secretary really has you by the balls, doesn't she?"

John's grin fell. Confused indignation filled his eyes. And Rubi reveled in popping the man's inflated ego.

She turned to Wes. "You really do have it good. Work hard and play hard all at the same time, loving every minute of it. And all when it suits you. The killer money doesn't hurt either." She leaned into him, slid both hands around his arm and stared up at him like a starstruck groupie. "And you have me."

He had an I-know-what-you're-up-to quirk to his mouth. "No doubt. I wake up every morning thinking what a lucky bastard I am."

Just because she was having so much fun, Rubi lifted to her toes and kissed him, eyes open-as were his-sharing a silent message of we're in this together.

When she lowered, he pulled his arm from her grip and circled Rubi's shoulders, tugging her toward the kitchen. "I'm going to introduce Rubi around, Uncle John."

"Why don't you let me do that?" Both Wes and Rubi turned toward the voice.

A middle-aged woman stood beside John. Hair a mix of blonde and gray, Rubi guessed she was in her late fifties. Her eyes were blue, and Rubi could see a lot of Wes's handsome face in this equally handsome woman-the high cheekbones, the beautifully shaped mouth, her eyes.

"I'm Susie Lawson," she said, her smile warm and genuine. "Wes's mother."

Great. She'd just sniped family in front of Wes's mother. Just another episode in Rubi's version of how not to win friends and influence people. But she had to admit, poking John's ego had alleviated her immediate panic and placed her in a "safe"-or at least safer-emotional zone.

She held out her hand to Susie. "Rubi."

"Aren't you refreshing?" The woman's smile deepened with the same mischievous sparkle Rubi had often seen in Wes's gaze as it darted to meet her son's. A silent communication passed between them, one Rubi couldn't read. She led Rubi toward the kitchen. "Let's see who else we can set straight tonight."

Rubi bit her bottom lip, then glanced down at Wes's petite mother. "I don't know what Wes has said, but you should know I'm really not good with the whole family thing."

Wes's mother's gaze was filled with flash and humor as she patted Rubi's arm. "Oh, sweetheart, I think you may be more of a natural than you realize."

Twenty-Three

Wes watched Rubi stroll away with his mother. He smiled as something shifted inside him. Something deep and warm and un-freaking-bearably sweet.

He'd just fallen in love with the woman. All over again.

"She's certainly gorgeous." His sister's voice drew his gaze. "You won't have to worry about forgetting that-or reminding anyone else."

Wes refocused on Whitney with some crazy-ass fizzy brew messing with his stomach. "But the best thing is"-he took the beer Whitney held out to him and met her gaze with a smile of fresh confidence-"she's even more beautiful on the inside."

She didn't hide a flash of suspicion. "Sure you're not just blinded by love, bro? You've always been a closet romantic."

"Don't tell her that. Romance freaks her out."

"How'd you convince her to come? I thought she said no way."

"She did," Wes said. "Then changed her mind and just showed up today while I was at the VA with Wyatt." He glanced at Whit and shook his head. "What a cluster that almost turned out to be."

He relayed the story about Melissa and the kiss.

"And you still convinced her to stay? You must have a serious way with words."

"Me? Way with words?" He lifted the backs of his fingers to her forehead as if testing her temperature.

Whitney batted his hand away. "True. I forgot who I was talking to." With her gaze on Rubi and his mom again, a sly grin edged her mouth up, and Whitney cut her gaze toward Wes with a slight lift of her chin. "This ought to be entertaining. Let's see if she can slice a few inches of those two."

Wes hoped it was entertaining in a good way. He'd always believed Rubi could handle herself in any situation, but this new vulnerability around family was more than a little unnerving.

He and Whitney both took a drink from their bottles, watching as his mother introduced Rubi to his cousin Martin-the I-made-partner-last-month-what's-new-with-you CPA, and his cousin Sam-the check-out-my-latest-Mercedes attorney. Both men, about five years older than Wes, turned from their conversation and focused directly on Rubi with a deer-in-the-headlights sort of shock.

"They're frothing at the mouth," Whit said, her voice droll with disgust. "Not a surprising start."

"Give her a minute," Wes said. "She likes to make them feel comfortable before she plunges the knife."

Martin and Sam chatted easily with Rubi for a few moments. Wes caught a word or a phrase, but nothing more. Whitney must have been just as diligently struggling to hear the conversation, because she wrapped her fingers around his wrist and pulled him toward a snack table closer to the group. Wes kept his back that direction, facing Whitney as he speared a piece of salami with a toothpick.

"Russo Industries is owned by my father," Rubi was saying, "and even though he and I aren't close at all, he is all over that rig Wes built for Wyatt. It is a truly cutting-edge design, let me tell you. Dolph cherry-picks every project, and when he believes in a product, you can bet he's going to send that inventor into the stratosphere as a rising star. But I'm having a hard time convincing Wes to entertain the idea. He's so focused on getting Wyatt back on his feet, selling the rig is the furthest thing from his mind."

"Fascinating," Martin said with all his manufactured sophistication. "What would something like that go for? Hypothetically, of course."

Rubi laughed. "Oh, I couldn't even fathom. There would be an initial purchase, then typically royalties based on the number of units sold. We're talking multimillions."

Wes was imagining the look on his cousins' pompous faces when Whitney spewed beer across his shirt. He jumped back. "What the-?"

He caught himself before he roared Fuck across the house, brushing at his now wet shirt. Whitney choked on a laugh, one hand covering her mouth.

"I'm fine." She put up a hand to the observers. "Sorry. Wes just made me squirt beer from my nose laughing. Nothing new."

Wes glanced over his shoulder and caught Rubi's eye. The sparkle there sent the message that she knew he was listening and she was having fun.

When she turned away, Wes glanced down at his shirt, then back at Whitney. "What was that about?"

She took a step closer, her eyes watery from holding back laughter. "You should have seen their faces when she said millions. They both went as white as fish bellies." She pulled herself together, wiping at her eyes, then sobered suddenly and pinned him with a gaze that had a way of being so intense. "Wait, is that true?"

He lifted a shoulder, glanced down at his beer. "She knows better than I do, and she knows her father's business. But she's the brilliant one, not me."

"Not crazy at all," Rubi was saying. "Wes doesn't need the work, the money, or the fame. He's already at the top of the stunt game, getting the best, highest-paying jobs in the industry, working with the top stars. I mean, he got that black eye while he was out with Jason Bolton last week. He works side by side with Jax Chamberlin every day. Tom Cruise, Jason Statham, Bruce Willis, Vin Diesel, you name a big star, Wes knows them all. He taught freaking Angelina Jolie how to fall off a building and not kill herself.

"Really, how much higher could he go in his chosen field? I mean, he's working the latest Bond movie now. And we all know only the best of the best are chosen for a Bond film," she said with authority. "In fact, he's been asked to act on several occasions-by Daniel Craig himself-but Wes loves the thrill of the stunt more. I really admire that."

Whitney's big blue eyes lifted to Wes. "Fuuuuuck," she whispered. "She's good. Did you coach her?"

"Oh no. That is all Rubi."

"Is it true?"

He shrugged, grinned. "She's taking some creative license."

"You sure as hell wouldn't know it."

"I'm beginning to think she's a f**king savant."

Whitney took another sip of beer, watching their mother steer Rubi away from the cousins, who both looked distraught and pissed.

"Okay," Whit said, "here's a good test."

Wes sent a sideways glance toward Rubi as she and his mother approached his father. "Man," he said, "she's not wasting any time."

"Mom likes her," Whit said, "and believes she can hold her own with Dad, or she wouldn't introduce them so soon."

Wes grew a little nervous. Shifted on his feet. "I can't hear."

Rubi shook his father's hand. He didn't smile-he was a stoic kind of guy-and then crossed his arms. Within thirty seconds, Rubi had their man-of-few-words father talking. Even gesturing.

"Holy shit," Whitney said, her voice soft and filled with awe. "He's stringing sentences together. I haven't seen Dad talk that much since...since...I don't even know."

A single surprised laugh popped from Wes's throat. "Fucking A," he said. "She's got him talking about the crops."

Whitney gave him a what-the-fuck look. "You sure she's a city girl?"

God, the woman floored Wes. It was always something new with her. "I mentioned on the drive here that he was pissed about a problem with those new sensors he put in. It's probably a programming glitch; otherwise, I can't imagine how she got him talking."

Rubi and his dad were speaking freely now, back and forth. Then she said something that made Dad crack a grin. Then, miracle upon miracles, he laughed. Whitney's jaw dropped the same time as Wes's.

Their mother turned her head just enough to catch Wes's gaze-as if she'd known he'd been watching the whole time-and winked.

"She's in," Whitney said, awed disbelief in her voice. "Holy shit, she's f**king in." Whitney gripped Wes's arm, drawing his gaze from the conversation to find Whitney's eyes intense on him. "I want to know how she did that. I'm giving that trick to my next boyfriend before he meets Dad."

That hit Wes funny, and he laughed loud and long. Christ, he felt good. So damn happy. So relaxed. So...complete. He turned and glanced at Rubi and found her-and his parents-smiling at him.

When she ended the conversation and started toward Wes, he opened his arm at his side to circle her shoulders. Rubi walked right into the embrace-no hesitation, no veil on that beautiful face. She was open, happy, and calm-at least as far as he could tell.

Wes kissed Rubi's hair, then lifted his bottle toward his sister. "This is my sister, Whitney."

Whitney shook Rubi's hand. "That's a record," Whitney said, tilting her head toward her father. "You had him melting in five-point-two minutes."

Smiling, Rubi asked, "How long does it usually take?"

Wes and Whitney exchanged a glance, grinned, and said, "Years," at the same time.

That brought a round of laughter. "Welcome, Rubi. You've had a long day, so I'll catch up with you tomorrow." She set the beer down on the closest table and slapped Wes's arm. "Good instincts, bro."

She wandered toward the kitchen, slipped behind the counter, and started cleaning up.

Wes turned and circled Rubi's waist. "Impressive wouldn't come close to describing what you just pulled off within twenty minutes of walking in the door."

"Exhausting might work." Her gaze lifted from his chest to his eyes. "I'm sorry, but I feel like I'm going to fall over. And I'm dying to lick that beer off your-"

"Sweetheart..." Wes's mother approached and laid her hand on his back. Rubi bit the inside of her lip but couldn't completely hide the sexy grin. "Rubi's got to be tired after her day. Settle her in the guest room on the second floor, would you?"

His gaze searched Rubi's, but he couldn't read it. "Mama, I think Rubi might be more comfortable-"

"That sounds blissful," Rubi said to his mother. "Thank you so much."

"Absolutely. I'm glad you're here." His mother leaned in and gave Rubi an intimate hug. Then turned to Wes with a familiar I-mean-business glance. "You're in Wyatt's old room, son."

Wes did the only thing he could. He nodded with a soft "Yes, ma'am."

"Yes, ma'am."

Wes's sweet, reverent words kept playing in Rubi's head. And kept her smiling.

She lay in the comfy queen bed, surrounded by down pillows, down blankets, and colorful quilts, staring at the ceiling in the dim light cast from the private bathroom. She was overwhelmed by the complex day. She'd gone from nonstop invasions of privacy in LA to a cocoon of safety in Missouri-if not exactly tranquility. Downstairs, things had quieted. The kids had been the first to disappear, then slowly the multiple voices.

In the quiet, without the ocean waves to soothe her, thoughts overwhelmed her mind, emotions swamped her heart. She was truly exhausted but far too wound up to sleep.

She'd had different ideas for unwinding tonight, and they hadn't included being alone in bed. That little quickie in the car hadn't been near enough to satisfy her. She was beginning to feel like a nymphomaniac. She'd always walked away from other men satisfied with one f**k. But with Wes, the more she got, the more she wanted.

Rubi picked up her phone on the nightstand and texted Desiree.

RUBI: Can you put in another offer on Dolph's house?

After a couple of minutes her phone vibrated:

DESIREE: Of course. Same amount as the last offer?

Rubi chewed on her thumbnail a moment.

RUBI: Up it half a million. But that taps me out.

DESIREE: Done.

She rolled to her side and cuddled a pillow close to the front of her body. Nothing would come of the offer, she was sure. But Wes was right; she couldn't win if she didn't play. Maybe Dolph would mix up the offers, and Rubi would get it by accident.

A click sounded, and Rubi glanced at the door. Wes slipped into the room-all clandestine and half-naked. Rubi propped herself up on her elbow and took in every last inch of skin above the waistband of his cargo shorts. "There is a God."

Wes grinned at her with a finger to his mouth, silently shushing her. Took one more glance down the hall and closed the door quietly. He turned toward the bed. "All the relatives are finally gone," he said, his voice a whisper. "Kitchen's clean. Whitney took the girls home to Tori and was going to check to see how Wyatt is settling in." He lifted a knee to the bed, leaned forward, and braced his hands beside her, then bent his elbows to lower himself until his lips barely touched Rubi's in a tender, lingering kiss. "And Mom and Dad went to bed-right after issuing a stern 'Stay in your own room, Wesley.'"

Rubi laughed and lifted her hand to stroke his cheek. "Sounds like they expected you to buck the system. My very own rebel."

"I'll be anything you want...as long as I'm yours." Grinning, he slid onto the bed, lying on his side, mirroring Rubi. "You impressed the hell out of my entire family-even the hard-to-impress. I have to know, what were you talking to my dad about? He's usually a pretty stoic guy."

"I'm going to help him get his sensor software back online tomorrow."

Wes's gaze glittered with a strange mix of emotions that lifted Rubi to the ceiling. Maybe a little awe? A little pride? A little joy? "Crap. You can do that?"

"Silly boy." Rubi scraped her fingers into his hair and stretched her neck to kiss him again. "I have all kinds of tricks up my sleeve."

"How did sensors come up, of all things?"

"Your mom. She suggested that I might be able to help him with some problem in the fields. I told them that the extent of my agriculture knowledge was my weekly stroll down the produce aisle at the grocery store. But then he told me about the sensors he's installed that monitor the soil.

"After he explained how they worked, I knew I could help. The software is open source, free, and written in C. Coding at this level is just a matter of copying and pasting existing code to create what he really needs. Tomorrow, he's going to watch me add pieces to monitor other things-soil temperature, ammonia levels, moisture levels, and barometric pressure. Then if he wants to add something more later or change the sensors for each crop, he'll be able to do it himself. It will save him thousands of dollars every year in water and fertilizer and crop yield."

"Oh my God." Wes went all drama queen and fell back on the bed, staring at the ceiling, his voice one of the-world-as-we-know-it-is-over. "You're going to be his new favorite. That's so wrong. I've been vying for that spot for almost thirty years, and you tango right in and steal it out from under me. Or, well, actually Wyatt." He turned his head and pointed at her. "But I was getting close to nudging him out."

She shifted closer, sliding one thigh over his, pressing one hand flat low on his belly and sliding upward, feeling all the supple muscle, indentations, and planes of his chest. "That's kinda cool. I've never been anyone's favorite."

"Yes, you have." His gaze darted to hers as he grinned. "You're my favorite."

Wes gripped her waist and flipped her in bed. Rubi squealed and laughed. Wes covered her mouth and cut a glance toward the door. "Shh."

When he lifted his hand from her mouth, she sobered and curled her fingers into the waistband of his shorts. "Why am I your favorite?" She tried to push back the insecurity brimming, but it overflowed into her voice. "I mean, really, Wes. I get the impression you've been choosing women like Melissa all your life. So...why me? Why now? A fling until you move on to your next good girl? If it is, it is," she said as if it wouldn't matter. As if it wouldn't jab a dagger in her heart. "I'm just kinda out on a limb here and would like to know what to be prepared for."

His expression sobered, and something came over his gaze-something tender and deep and so very loving. He shifted off her body and lay next to her, head propped on his hand. His other hand slipped beneath the T-shirt she'd put on for bed, and he spread his fingers wide over her belly. With his palm centered over her belly button, his fingertips brushed her rib cage.

"That night I saw you at the airport...something clicked for me," he said, voice soft with a hint of vulnerability. "I didn't know exactly what, but I knew the relationship I was in with Kayla didn't have what I needed. She was...is...a beautiful person. A beautiful woman. I just needed something different and knew it would have been selfish for me to stay with her while I was trying to figure that out."

His gaze followed his hand as he caressed her stomach, then occasionally darted up to meet her eyes. "You had such a vibrancy about you that night. The Ferrari. Your flirty outgoing personality. Your friendship with Lexi. It just all kinda...I don't know...hit me. I didn't think it then, in that moment, but after I broke up with Kayla and gave it some thought, I knew that's what I wanted in a woman. What I'd been missing in a woman."

Rubi lay quietly, listening. Every beat of her heart felt impossibly hard and deep. And a shiver of anxiety sizzled over her nerve endings. She'd never been this intimate with a man. A strange thought considering how many she'd given her body to. But this was different. So different. This was intimate in an emotionally risky way, and a coil of heat and cold mixed in her belly.

"When Jax told me about Lexi, God, I thought he was out of his ever-loving mind." Wes's eye roll made Rubi laugh softly. It diffused some tension. "Then I met her and...shit...she was everything Jax ever wanted all wrapped up in one woman. And for the first time in my life, I thought, why can't I have that too? You know, everything I've ever fantasized about in one woman? And then...you were back. In my life every day. And I got to see what you were really made of. Honestly, I was blown away. I expected you to be just another beautiful Hollywood brat. I expected to tolerate you because you were Lexi's best friend."

He lifted his hand from her stomach, cupped her jaw, and turned her face toward his. "And before I knew what happened, you'd turned into my best friend. After a couple of weeks, I didn't want to go anywhere or do anything unless you were going to be there. For another couple of weeks, I spent every moment with you looking for some major problem, something to turn me off so I could get over what I thought was an infatuation and start looking for the right woman instead of focusing on someone who wasn't right for me at all.

"But I couldn't, because the fact is that you are to me what Lexi is to Jax-everything I've always hope for and dreamed of all in one mind-blowing package. And that's when I realized that I'd been choosing the wrong type of women all my damned life."

Rubi tried to hold her emotions down, but her gut felt tight, like a growing fireball had lodged beneath her belly button. Her eyes watered and her throat thickened. She struggled to internalize the words-not believing. Not trusting. No one had ever seen her this way. Many men had seen her as a toy, had looked at her with lust. But even Wes's most heated gaze always held deep affection-which was what had kept her at arm's length so long.

The whirlwind of emotions embarrassed her until her face, neck, and chest felt as if they were on fire. She wanted to look into his eyes for the answer to her next question but couldn't stand the intensity of the connection and lowered her lashes as she glanced down at his chest. "Women like Melissa."

Wes didn't immediately answer. He reached up and stroked a hand over her hair. "I grew up with strict, God-fearing parents in a small Southern town, Rubi. Every moment of every day, I was being molded into a socially acceptable Southern boy-whether that was by my parents, my teacher, or the storekeeper on the corner. You can probably already see that I've had a habit of either falling a little short of that standard or simply veering off on my own path. By Hollywood standards, I'm as vanilla as they come. But by Missouri standards, I was trouble waiting for the wrong place at the wrong time.

"But I love my parents. I love my sister and my brother. And I'm the middle child-a peacemaker. So I found small ways to stay within the boundaries to make a portion of the population-and more importantly, my parents-happy. That involved choosing acceptable women to date.

"Melissa's father had been a bit of a rebel in his younger days as well and saw it as a benefit, not a curse. Melissa and I dated from our sophomore year in high school through my junior year of college. I-obviously-never quite broke out of that mindset for how I chose my girlfriends."

Rubi waited, a million questions swirling in her head, in her heart. She knew she wasn't up to either asking most of them or receiving the answers. But she really did need one answer now; otherwise, her mind would churn and churn and she'd never get to sleep. "And why did you two break up?"

"She wanted me to be someone I wasn't." His answer came so quickly, with such surety and conviction, Rubi tensed, trying to take in the information. "After graduation, she and her father wanted me to join her father's engineering firm. Her father generously offered to put me on a track to make partner in several years. But the thought made me claustrophobic. I couldn't imagine living in a gray cubicle for the next thirty years."

Rubi winced. Wes in a cubicle? He'd have been happier in prison.

"When I declined," he said, "Melissa broke off our engagement."

Rubi gasped and glanced up. "Engagement?"

"We were going to get married after we graduated. But I wasn't willing to fulfill her image of who I should be. And without that position with her father's firm, I didn't amount to someone she believed could support her financially. At least not the way she'd been supported all her life."

Rubi read the darkness of his gaze, the hurt pulling his mouth. And their argument at Dolph's office echoed in her head.

"I'm talking millions. Many millions. I'm talking about you being able to buy houses like Jax's any time you wanted. I'm talking about never worrying about money for the rest of your life."

"Oh my God," she murmured.

"It was a long time ago." But his voice still held some element of darkness. "I'm only telling you all this so you can understand-"

"I didn't mean-" She lifted her gaze to his again, reached up, and covered his hand. "Wes, what I said about the rig, about selling it, that wasn't because I wanted you to be someone different. It was because I want you to always be able to do just what you're doing. To be able to be just as happy and complete as you are now. I'm worried about you being able to do what you love if something unfortunate happened and you couldn't physically do the stunts. Selling the rig only gives you the money to ensure you'll have that opportunity."

He fingered back a piece of hair on her forehead, his gaze a little distant but soft. "You really don't care if I can buy houses like Jax's?"

"No." She laughed the word, but it was filled with pain and regret. "It makes absolutely no difference to me. I've always had money, Wes, but I've never had the more important things that money took from me. I'd give up everything I had then, everything I have now for a childhood-and a family-like yours."

His lids closed, and he leaned his forehead against hers. "I know it kinda freaks you out, but...fuck...I love you so much."

Rubi winced at the sting of fear. But at the same time, her heart was doing somersaults. The clash felt excruciating. "Wes..."

He exhaled loudly. "I know. Dammit, I'm sorry. I just...you just... Fuck it." He hooked his arm around her waist and pulled a pillow underneath his head. "I'd better go to sleep before I get myself in any more trouble."

Rubi slid her hand up his arm and over his shoulder. "Sleep isn't what I had in mind. Trouble was."

A smile curved his mouth, but he covered her hand with his and pulled it between them, then threaded her fingers. He laid his chin on the top of her head and pulled her close, until their chests and bellies pressed, until his thick, muscled legs were tangled with hers. "Close your eyes, precious. I want to fall asleep with you."

"Where's the fun in that?"

He tilted his head down for a quick kiss. "Try it and see. And if you're a really good girl, I might wake you up sometime tonight in a very creative way."

Twenty-Four

Rubi stretched awake without opening her eyes. She rolled under the covers and pulled a pillow to her chest, sighing with comfort. She felt cocooned. Warm and safe and happy. Her mind drifted toward her day ahead. She needed to check e-mail. Contact a couple of different clients to help her decide which project to start on next. She wanted to go for a run. Maybe she'd do that first thing. The beach was always beautiful and quiet in the morning-

Muffled laughter sounded somewhere nearby. A split second of alarm flashed through her before she opened her eyes-and recognized nothing. Which then pumped a much longer, much stronger flash of panic through her. She pushed up in bed at the same instant her location and situation registered.

Wes. Missouri.

Panic seeped through her chest.

Rolling toward the nightstand, she picked up her phone. Checking her messages, she found two pictures of Rodie from the sitter and one text from Wes.

WES: Good morning, beautiful.

Rubi smiled. A sliver of her sudden panic ebbed. After all, she did have the hottest Renegade of them all under the same roof. And he had followed through on his promise of waking her in the middle of the night in a creative way. She warmed at the thought, and aches she hadn't been aware of upon waking snuck in.

She clicked into the other messages and looked at pictures of Rodie-passed out in his dog bed, his favorite toy nearby. Playing tug-of-war with his buddy, Titan, a Golden Retriever.

Her heart tugged.

The door inched open, followed by Wes, holding a cup of coffee in one hand and what looked like a yogurt parfait in the other. "Hey."

He was barefoot, wearing jeans and a T-shirt. It was really a sin how good he looked in the simple clothes. And how amazing it was to have his handsome face greet her first thing in the morning. "I was hoping you were awake."

Rubi sat up, set her phone aside, and ran both hands through her hair, pulling it off her face. She smiled and took the coffee he held out with a gratitude-filled "Thank you."

She took a sip, closed her eyes and settled. It was just the way she liked it-hazelnut creamer and plenty of sugar. She hummed in pleasure. And she was touched he would remember how she liked her coffee from the few times she'd gone to the set early to watch crash stunts. "You're a god."

When she opened her eyes, he was grinning-a soft smile filled with his "I love you" from the night before shining in those pretty eyes. "Christ, you're even more beautiful in the morning."

"I was thinking the same thing about you." As soon as she said it, she wasn't sure if she'd meant matching that look in his eye or what a beautiful man he was-even more so on the inside, which was saying a lot considering his outer wrapping was utterly sinful.

He offered her a clear plastic cup layered with colorful alternating stripes of yogurt and fruit. "Your typical breakfast. Or we can go out. Or I can cook you what I cooked everyone else-eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, taters."

"Taters." She laughed at the word and reached for the parfait as she set her coffee down. "You cook too? My God, you might just be the perfect man, Lawson."

"All I care about is being perfect for you." He sat on the bed facing her, one leg bent under him. "Oh my God." He clasped her jaw and turned her face toward him. His gaze scanned her face with an expression she couldn't quite read. "You have freckles?" The tension seemed to leave his body, followed by a pained "Fuck, that is just too adorable."

Then his lips kissed a path from one cheek to the other across her nose.

A fist squeezed her heart, pumping unexpected emotions deep into her body. She'd showered before she'd fallen into bed the night before, and scrubbed her face clean. She'd never been self-conscious in or out of makeup, but she realized this was the first time he'd seen her without any. Heat expanded in her chest until she ached. She had the nearly uncontrollable need to lay her head on his shoulder and curl into his lap. None of which she understood.

She tilted her head and kissed his lips. It was sweet and slow and only intensified the unbearable pressure in her chest now pushing tears to her eyes. Sweet tears.

She pulled out of the kiss and looked down at her breakfast, blinking the sting away. "Mango?" The cup was topped with a layer of granola beneath bright blueberries, strawberries, and mango pieces. "Really?"

"I thought it was your favorite. You always got the one with mangos from the breakfast cart on the set. You can take it off-"

"It is my favorite. I just...didn't know you knew."

"Of course I know." He pressed a kiss to her temple. "Along with your favorite coffee, your favorite appetizer, your favorite entree, and your favorite dessert. I thought I knew your favorite drink too, until that whole Sexy Bitch thing threw me for a loop. Hell, I even know your favorite color."

The sting in her eyes was back, and her throat felt thick. Trying to ignore the discomfort, she scooped up a spoonful of yogurt, fruit, and granola, her brows drawing together. "My favorite color? I don't even think I know my favorite color." She thought of the clothes hanging in her closet and frowned up at him with a confused smirk. "Black?"

"Purple." He tapped her nose. "Remember it. I'll quiz you later."

She slipped a spoonful of yogurt and fruit in her mouth, her mind filled with Purple? Really? and the combinations of flavors burst-sweet and refreshing, the perfect way to start a day.

"Oh man," she murmured, then swallowed before she said, "Vanilla yogurt too? You are a god."

He ran the back of his finger along the top of her thigh. "I thought we'd do something fun this morning."

"Mmm," she said around another mouthful, holding up her spoon to pause him while she finished her bite. "I told your dad-"

"And I told my dad I get you first. He has to wait until this afternoon."

She licked her lips and smiled before dipping into her breakfast again. "How did that go over?"

"He went to the barn to pout."

She laughed. "He was so excited about getting those sensors working." She turned the spoon over and licked yogurt from the curved surface with a slow stroke of her tongue while watching Wes. "What are you interested in working on this morning, Mr. Lawson?"

With his hand on her thigh, he leaned in and kissed her lips, her cheek, her jaw, and continued down her neck.

"Mmmm," she hummed. "Let me smear some of this yogurt on you. Breakfast will become a double pleasure."

His mouth curved against her skin. He planted one more kiss to her shoulder, pushed off the bed, and started for the door. "Nope. We've got places to go. Change into jeans and tennis shoes."

"Russo fashion faux pas, Lawson. Not going to happ-"

He turned back, brows raised in taunting invitation. "Beautiful day for sightseeing from the back of a motorcycle."

Excitement sparked deep in her chest. She gasped, straightened, and set down her parfait. "I'll be ready in ten minutes."

"Thought that might perk you up," he said as he closed the door. "I'll be downstairs."

Rubi jumped out of bed, rummaged through her suitcase, and pulled out the only jeans she'd brought-the capris Wes had loved on her at the set last week. She added her running shoes, vowing to make him pay for forcing her to wear them together, and tugged on a workout tank-the closest thing to a T-shirt she'd brought.

She brushed her hair, wound it into a ponytail and rubbed sunscreen on her face. With her parfait in one hand and her coffee in the other, she skipped down the stairs but pulled up short in the kitchen where she found his mother, his sister, and his two nieces. Wes was at the sink...doing dishes?

Okay, reality check. This was bizarre.

"How'd you sleep, Rubi?" Susie asked with a sunny smile.

"Wonderful, thank you."

"Come meet my granddaughters."

Ugh, really? But she went to the table where one of the girls tilted her face up until her bright blue eyes met Rubi's. The fork in her hand was stacked with pancake, the syrup dripping onto her plate. The other, the one who looked a little older, only stared at the table.

"This is Abby," Susie said, gesturing to the smaller one, then to the other, "and Emma. This is Rubi."

"Uncle Wes's girlfriend," Abby said before stuffing her mouth with pancake.

Rubi smiled. "Hi, Abby. Hi, Emma."

The older girl didn't look up or say anything but turned her head toward Rubi. They were cute, no doubt. And terrifying. Rubi's excitement over the ride turned into something more like desperation.

Wes turned off the faucet and sauntered over, wiping his hands on a kitchen towel. "Don't push it, Abby. I know what you're up to little lady."

Abby grinned, showing a mischievous, gap-toothed little grin that made her blue eyes sparkle just like Wes's. And Christ, that did insanely uncomfortable things to Rubi's stomach. Like...nauseating things.

She smiled up at Wes. "Ready?"

"Where are you two going?" Whitney asked. She was dressed in business casual, black pants, and a pretty camel-colored shell.

"I'm taking Rubi sightseeing."

Whitney snorted a laugh and set her coffee mug down. "Where? And in what? Wyatt's old truck?"

"Here, dork," Wes said, "where do you think? And no, on Wyatt's underused bike."

"I think dork is a bad word," Abby said, then looked at Susie. "Isn't dork a bad word, Grandma?"

"I see," Whitney said. "So it's really more of an-excuse-to-ride type of sightseeing tour."

"Call it what you want."

Whitney shot Rubi a poor-you smirk. "Hope you like vegetation, Rubi. You'll get some really up-close-and-personal glances at trees, soybean fields, vineyards, maybe even the muddy Missouri River."

"That's no way to talk about your birthplace," Wes chided. "Besides, everything is turning. We hit the fall colors perfectly. It couldn't get prettier out there."

"You've definitely been living in LA too long if you've forgotten how much you hated fall when you had to rake all those 'pretty' leaves." Whitney rose from the table and carried her coffee mug to the sink. "Rubi, you're going to have a headache if you ride with your hair up." She walked toward her. "Turn around, I'll French braid it for you."

Um... Rubi shot glances around the room, then turned her back to Whitney. She quickly pulled the elastic band from Rubi's hair and combed her fingers through it. "Oh my God, what a luxurious head of hair. I bet other women hate you for it."

"Most women hate me for just about everything," Rubi said without thinking how the comment would be taken until it was already out.

Whitney laughed softly, a sound conveying more understanding than humor. "I can imagine."

Okay, this was...strangely intimate. Like a high school best-friend kind of intimate. She didn't know the woman at all, yet Rubi felt close to her. She knew some relationships were like that-they just clicked. Like she and Lexi had all those years ago. Like she and Wes had the night at the airport. But it was rare for Rubi, so it made her feel...awkward.

But by the time all that registered, Whitney was done, fastening the band at the tail of her braid between her shoulder blades. "There you go-much more comfortable under a helmet."

Rubi ran a hand over the braid. "Thank you."

"No problem." She shot Rubi another grin and started for the front door. "Y'all enjoy all those pretty trees, now."

Wes moved around the table and kissed Abby on the head, then Emma. "Have fun with Grandma, girls."

"Love you, Uncle Wes." This came from Emma, soft and without ever meeting Wes's gaze.

"Love you too, Emmie." He put a hand on Rubi's shoulder and led her the same direction Whitney had gone. "Bye, Mama."

"Wait," she said. "Rubi can't ride in that."

"I'll give her my jacket," Wes said.

"Good Lord, Wes, it will swallow her." She pulled a black leather jacket off the back of her chair and walked it to Rubi with a smirk and a teasingly disgusted "Men."

Rubi took the jacket. "Thanks."

"Have fun," she said, standing at the door as they trotted down the steps and turned toward the garage. "Be safe, please."

"Always," Wes called back.

The door to one of the bays in the three-car garage was already open, and Wes walked toward a sleek silver BMW.

"Yum," she said with enthusiasm.

Wes barked a laugh. "That's a new one. I'm assuming you've ridden before."

"It was a really long time ago."

Wes's grin widened. He took the jacket and held it open for her. Once she'd zipped it up, he pulled two helmets from a shelf and handed her one. "I tricked these helmets out with an intercom system-the same one I use at work-and stereo speakers. So you just talk, and I'll hear you."

She slipped the helmet on, and Wes made sure it was secure. He pulled a jacket from the wall, a snazzy short-waisted riding leather, much like the one Jax owned and Lexi had coveted on their first pseudo meeting. After pulling it on, he straddled the bike and patted the seat behind him.

Once she was settled, he pointed toward the rear wheel. "This is your footrest. Your arms go around me. Your body up against mine." He grinned. "Like, real close."

"Are you trying to make me hot, Lawson? 'Cause it's working."

His lips quirked, and his eyes grew warm. "Relax and let your body follow mine. Just like you did last night. That was perfection."

She slid her arms around his waist and squeezed. "Agreed."

Twenty-Five

Rubi was in heaven.

She pressed her body against Wes's back as he expertly guided the bike along the curving back roads. The roads overlooked vineyard after gorgeous vineyard all alight in golds and reds. His deep, smooth voice filled her ears as he pointed out different areas that held significance-every vineyard he'd harvested as a kid, every home of a high school buddy, every tiny lake hidden among the trees.

The sun was warm, the air thick and cool, the bike comfortable and fast, the trees absolutely brilliant shades of gold, orange, red, and green. She felt incredibly free, all her worries tucked far away. All but one-the realization that she was falling for Wes. Big-time.

She pushed the thought back into the shadows, just as she had for over a week now, and enjoyed the truly beautiful countryside. Wes took the tightest curves and corners with every ounce of his stunt-driving flare and Rubi enjoyed the fresh jolts of adrenaline. He'd cued a mix of Rubi's favorite alternative rock-Fall Out Boy, Nickelback, Three Doors Down, Theory of a Deadman-and the invigorating music poured through the helmet, dimming only when she or Wes spoke into the intercom. Pretty damn slick.

She was beginning to realize that Wes Lawson was a freaking mechanical genius, and selling his rig for big bucks, setting him up financially for his future-if not for the rest of his life-had become increasingly important to Rubi. Good people deserved good things in life. She'd seen far too many people like her father gather all the wealth.

"These colors make me wish I was a photographer," she said.

"The soil is so rich, everything grows here," he said. "There's silver maple, elm, mulberry, hickory, sumac, honey locust. The purple on your right are dogwoods and ash. There's more than I could even name."

They edged into thicker stands of trees, and the vineyards and farming fields slowly disappeared until only trees bordered the roadside.

Wes slowed and turned onto a gravel road that led into the colorful forest.

"Where are we going?" she asked.

"My secret hideaway." His voice holding exaggerated mystery.

They wound in and around curves. The road turned to dirt and the elevation dropped once again as they started down the other side of a ridge. "Secret's right. How'd you ever find it?"

"Just like this, driving around for the fun of driving."

The trees finally opened, parting to expose a small body of water with a grassy shoreline. The big trees overhung the tranquil spot, shading the shore while sunlight shone directly on the pool. It was, quite simply, one of the most beautiful places she'd ever seen.

Wes parked the bike, shut off the engine, and pulled off his helmet, then turned to help Rubi remove hers. She gazed out over the clear water fed by a creek, small rocks and bigger boulders worn away by time and creating mini waterfalls.

"Oh my God, Wes." She didn't know why she was whispering. But after having Nickelback screaming in her ear, priming her for hot and dirty sex, this was not what she'd been prepared for. "This is amazing."

He gazed out over the sight for a long moment, seeming to take it all in. The absolute lack of man-made sound created a blissful tranquility of trees rustling, birds singing, creek gurgling. "Yeah," he said, his mouth turning slightly but his expression melancholy. "I love this place."

Rubi swung her leg over the back and slid off the bike. Wes followed. He opened a side compartment and pulled out towels, a blanket, and a couple of Ziploc bags of food. She grinned. "Okay, now I get it. You're fulfilling an outdoor-sex fantasy."

Wes set everything down in a smooth, grassy area. "Baby, all sex with you is a fantasy come true-indoors or out."

He spread out the blanket, dropped the towels, then turned toward the water and peeled off his jacket.

She wandered up beside him as he sat down and pulled off his boots. He patted the blanket beside him and lay back, hands behind his head. "Lie down. It's really cool to look up into the trees. If I do it long enough, I feel like I'm floating."

Rubi took off her jacket and lay down next to him, a towel for a pillow. Overhead, reds, oranges, and yellows burst from the trees like flame. All against a crisp blue sky. "God, that's...impossibly beautiful."

Wes said nothing, and silence stretched and deepened until Rubi imagined the quiet reached into her body, releasing all her tension. But she found the lack of tension, of stress, of worries...the sheer comfort, tranquility, and happiness swamping her so foreign, it created a stress of its own.

"Is this where you brought your girlfriends to get lucky?" she asked playfully. "Somewhere you could go while you were living at home?"

"No." His answer was mellow, so completely calm. "I've never brought anyone here. Not even Wyatt or high school football buddies. My parents don't know this exists. Melissa doesn't know this exists. I always came alone. It's always been my very own. This is where I came to think problems through, to chill before a big race, to let my temper cool off after a fight."

Rubi rolled to her side and propped her head in her hand. Wes kept his gaze skyward. His eyes were more blue than gray, as if the sky was reflected in his irises. Outlined by thick gold lashes. Her chest squeezed hard.

She couldn't be in love with him. The mere thought kicked off a panic attack. Yet another part of her couldn't deny the emotions twisting her inside out. Emotions that rushed in without warning and took over until everything she'd ever known was upside down and backward.

"Why'd you bring me here?" she asked, her voice barely a whisper.

He hesitated, a slight furrow appearing between his eyes. "I wanted to share something with you that I've never shared with anyone. I wanted you to have this piece of me I can give only you."

Her throat thickened, tightened until she had to force herself to swallow. "That's..." How could she possibly explain how she felt when even she didn't understand? "That..."

His head turned slowly, and his gaze locked on hers, intense and meaningful. "Scares you."

A breath of laughter escaped. Tense, shaky laughter. And with it, tears that rolled over her bottom lashes. Tears she hadn't realized were coming. Rubi closed her eyes and nodded, wiping at her cheeks. "I'm sorry. I'm just...not wired right."

"Come here."

Wes stretched out his arm, and she went to him with the same unabashed need as Rodie showed her. She laid her head on his chest, pressed her face into the warm muscle of his pec, and breathed him in. Burrowed closer. "It's so much easier to just have sex."

His laugh rolled through his chest, shaking Rubi, and laughter bubbled out of her too. He wrapped both arms around her, pulling her close. And then just held her.

"I won't disappear, baby," he said after a long silence. "I won't open that trapdoor and let you fall."

She wanted to believe, but she'd believed so many times in the past. Her mother, her father, her nannies, her friends, her early boyfriends-they'd all left her. Some repeatedly, after she'd allowed them back into her life. Lexi was the only person who'd ever stayed. The only person who truly understood her and loved her anyway. But hadn't Wes seen her worst sides? Stilettos. Her hatred for her father. Her pathetically superficial life. Yet...

"I know you won't mean to," she whispered. "But I'm just...hard to love, I guess."

She'd never thought about it like that before. Of course, she knew all her flaws, even if she'd failed to improve on them. But...was she really so hard to love?

Wes rolled toward her, easing her onto her back and hovering over her. He lifted a thumb to wipe away the dampness on her cheeks and met her eyes steadily, seriously. "You are not the least bit difficult to love. In fact, you're so easy to love, I've been fighting against it. The only hard part about being with you is fighting those walls."

She nodded. "I know. I fight them too."

"Tell you what." He smiled, the expression so soft, so loving, it pushed more tears from her eyes. "Let's fight them together. They'll never have a chance."

She was laughing when he lowered his mouth to hers.

Wes felt like he was flying as he sped down the back roads toward Wyatt's house with Rubi leaning into him, holding him tight, her giggle tickling his ear every time he surprised her by speeding over a rise or leaning heavily into a turn.

She loved him; he knew she did. Beyond that, she was in love with him. He just needed to let her get used to it. He could wait to hear the words. When he and Rubi were as connected as they were now, he didn't need the words. Not really. At least that was what he was telling himself for now.

One day at a time with Rubi Russo. One day at a time.

And with days like this, he was okay with that. Because every day with Rubi was ten times more exhilarating than one day with anyone else.

She was the one.

He'd realized it lying there on the blanket while she'd been feeding him grapes and kissing him between each one. Grapes his mom had packed up the minute Wes had told her he was taking Rubi on a ride. Then, as she'd packed drinks and chocolates, she'd drifted off on a tangent, suggesting he set up a really nice picnic for her by stringing lights in the trees. Whitney hadn't helped with her input that Wes should bring his iPod and speaker so they could dance in their private retreat. The fact that they'd liked Rubi enough to insist he make such an effort pleased him. But he knew Rubi better. She needed just the right balance of romance and nonchalance to keep her comfortable. Wes hadn't quite figured out the ratio yet and didn't need anything tipping the slow progress they were making toward becoming a solid, committed couple.

He turned off the highway to Daughtry's "On the Inside," singing about running to escape but failing because "it's still just you on the inside," and wondering if that was what Rubi had been doing all these years. When he turned down Wyatt's street, his thoughts hit a brick wall. Across the street from Wyatt's house, Melissa stood beside her car.

Shit. Wes had purposely called Tori this morning to ask when Melissa would be gone before he brought Rubi over.

But as Wes neared, his mind flipped in another direction. A man stood between Melissa and her car. Her ex, Dillon Stark, was a big guy, a head taller than Melissa. His body language was both angry and aggressive, sending an immediate sizzle of alarm across his shoulders.

"Isn't that Melissa?" Rubi's voice sounded soft in his ear.

He reached up, shutting the music off, and parked several houses down. "Yeah."

"What's going on there?"

She sounded sincerely concerned, which gave Wes one more thing to love about her. Every other girlfriend had been jealous of something in Wes's life-actresses he'd worked with, the travel and long days his job required, his friendship with the other Renegades. Melissa was a truly beautiful woman in that wholesome, country-girl-next-door way that every one of his previous girlfriends would have taken issue with.

"Don't know. And I don't want to know." He shut off the bike. "He's her recent ex-fiance."

He pulled off his helmet at the same time Rubi did.

"Another one?" she asked quietly.

Wes shot her a sidelong grin. They both returned to watching the argument, waiting for either escalation or diffusion.

"Wes..." she whispered, concern in her tone. "Do you think-?"

Rubi's words cut off with a gasp as the guy made an aggressive grab for Melissa's arm and shook her.

"Fuck." He didn't want to get in the middle of this, but what the hell else could he do? Wes climbed off the bike without taking his eyes off the pair and handed his helmet to Rubi. "Stay here."

He started toward them at a slow, casual pace, unzipping his jacket for freedom of movement-something he hoped he wouldn't need. "Hey, Missy." He waited until Dillon-a guy he and Melissa had gone to school with-looked at Wes, then said, "Dillon. Long time."

A few deep breaths passed before Dillon's furious gaze swung back to Melissa. "Is that what this is about? Him?"

"Nothing between us has anything to do with Wes." Melissa clenched her fists at her sides. Her face was pink and wet from crying. "Get in your car and leave, Dillon. If you don't stop this, I'll call the police."

Wes stopped ten feet away, far enough to stay out of the middle, close enough to act.

Dillon swung toward Wes. "You didn't f**k her enough when you lived here?" he said, taking two menacing steps toward Wes. "You have to come all the way from California to f**k her now too?"

Wes clenched his teeth. "I'm here to see my brother. There's nothing going on between Missy and me."

With one more giant step closer, Dillon's voice lowered. "Then stay the f**k out of this."

"If you leave, I'll stay out of it."

Wes saw the punch in Dillon's expression long before the man's body ever moved. When his fist finally came at him, Wes pulled back and stepped aside. Dillon's momentum turned him in a one-eighty.

"Come on, Dillon, I don't want to fight." But Dillon was already starting for him again. Wes put his hands up as he backed off. "Just go hit a bar and cool off."

Dillon lunged toward him, one big hand shoving Wes's chest. He went with the movement, keeping his feet under him, watching for the next shove. When it came, Wes grabbed his hand, twisted into the attack and slammed his other arm across Dillon's. The move joint-locked Dillon's elbow. His own forward momentum helped Wes whip the man off his feet. He followed Dillon to the ground, controlling him with the hand Wes still held tight. Dillon hit the pavement hard on his back. Wes dropped to one knee, his forearm holding pressure across Dillon's chest.

While Dillon choked for air, Wes searched for Melissa. She stood several feet away, hands covering her mouth, blue eyes as big as eggs. "Go," Wes said, irritated. "Get out of here. Go file a f**king restraining order against this ass**le, would you?"

"But...but..."

"Goddammit, Missy." Now he was pissed. "I'm gonna let him up. Do you want to be here when I do that?"

She fumbled with her keys and hurried to her car.

"You motherfucker, Lawson." Dillon's shock was burning off, air scraping into his lungs, his hands digging into Wes's to get free.

Wes added a knee to his gut. "Give me thirty more seconds, dude."

As soon as Melissa's car turned the corner and sped out of sight, Wes found his feet and took a quick glance to make sure Rubi was well out of reach. Then he released Dillon and sprang back. Way back. He did not want to be anywhere within reach when the guy finally got to his feet.

But Dillon's movements were far slower than Wes had expected, giving him time to catch his own breath and regroup with a secondary strategy if Dillon decided to continue this confrontation.

"Want me to call?" Rubi asked from behind Wes, her tone as calm as when she'd been lying on the grass, feeding him grapes. "Or wait?"

He knew she meant call the cops. And, damn, he really didn't need that kind of trouble. "Wait."

Dillon got to his feet and pointed a menacing finger at Wes. "You'd better hope I don't see you again, f**ker."

"Oh, I do, bro," Wes said, backing up, hands raised, sincere in his assurance. "I hope you never see me again."

Dillon limped to his Jeep Laredo parked on the street behind where Melissa's had been, fired it up, and took off. Wes let out a long exhale and turned toward Rubi. She was standing beside the bike, her ass resting against the seat, arms crossed, her phone in one hand, and she had that grin she often had after she'd watched him run a stunt.

He walked to her side, swung an arm around her shoulders, and started toward Wyatt's house. "Does anything faze you?"

"If you're asking if your heroism turns me on, the answer is yes. I'm totally hot for you now."

"Well, then, let's see to Wyatt's rig and get back to the house where I can experience just how totally hot you are."

Twenty-Six

Rubi leaned against Wes on the ride home. Wyatt had been sleeping-for the first time since he'd come home from the hospital, according to Tori. So Rubi asked Tori some questions and planned to make adjustments to the rig when they got back to the house. She also needed to work on Wes's father's project. But Wes had other ideas.

He turned onto the drive and stopped in front of the house. "Hot damn," he said, his voice low and urgent. "No one's home."

He pulled off his helmet, slid off the bike, and plucked her from the seat even as she was still taking her own helmet off. As soon as it cleared her mouth, he kissed her. An openmouthed, hungry kiss that floated on a long, equally hungry moan. His hands were everywhere, sliding up and down her body, cupping her head to pull her into another deep kiss. His tongue stroked hers as he walked her toward the front door.

"I'm gonna get you naked..." He tilted his head and kissed her hard. "And I'm going to taste every inch of your body..." He added his tongue and tasted her as he backed her up the stairs. "And I'm going to make love to you until you beg me to stop."

The words sizzled through her lower body. She was already wet, aching for him. "I'm all over that, Lawson."

He turned the knob behind her, pushed her inside, then shut it and nudged her toward the stairs to her bedroom. He smelled like leather and motorcycle and fresh air and Wes. The combination made Rubi's head float.

"Where is everybody?" she asked, still backing up the stairs with Wes's mouth on her neck, her heart beating hard, her pu**y clenched with need.

"Dad had to go into St. Louis to see a vendor. Mom dropped Grams at the hairdresser and took the girls to a painting class in Washington. Whitney's at work. And you are all f**king mine."

His growl of ownership shot a pulse of lust straight between her legs and a jolt of something different, something hot and sweet, into her heart. She'd been wanted by many men. But they'd only wanted her body. They'd wanted sex. She'd neither offered more, nor chosen men who'd wanted more. Because she'd never wanted more either.

But she did now. She wanted more than sex with Wes. She didn't understand what. Didn't understand the craving gnawing at the inside of her belly. She only knew, somehow, she needed more. And she needed to make that happen right now.

They'd hit the landing. Wes's hands greedily slid under her tank and cupped her br**sts. Tingling heat scoured her skin, pleasure sinking deeper. Rubi moaned and leaned her head against his. "How do you know where everyone is?"

"Texts." He unclasped the front of her bra and pushed the fabric out of the way. Then bent and closed his mouth over one nipple, sucking hungrily. The skin over her breast tightened and pulled. A thick knot of need pulsed between her legs. "Oh my God." Rubi sank both hands into his hair. She loved the feel of it-soft and thick and curving all around her fingers. Need coiled hot and fast in her belly. Spread to her pu**y. "Wes..."

They passed through the door of the bedroom, and he kicked it closed, then reached back and pushed the lock. Rubi released his hair to grab at his shirt, tearing it over his head. Then she ran her hands down his chest, his belly, and jerked at the button on his jeans. "You make me crazy."

His mouth covered hers again, and she opened, taking his tongue in. He tore his mouth away, breathing hard, and whipped off her tank, pushed off her bra and started working on her pants.

"Jesus." Her voice came out thin and frantic. "How can I want you more every damn time?"

"Because it's that good."

He pushed and tugged her jeans down her legs and was down to her panties while she was still struggling with his jeans. He closed his hands on her waist, lifted her off the floor. And tossed her on the bed. Rubi bounced with a shriek. Then started laughing. But Wes's mouth closed over hers, drowning the humor in passion.

She shoved at his jeans, but he grabbed her hands, sandwiched them in one of his and pushed them over her head.

"I need some quality time with this body." He other hand searched the front pocket of his jeans and pulled out a green cord. "Without interruption."

Still holding her wrists, he held out his other hand and a small bungee cord dangled from his fingers. "Think you can let go of control for a little while?"

His tone challenged her, and she hesitated. The thought both thrilled and terrified her.

"Don't make me pull out the chicken noises, baby," he said. "That could really ruin the mood."

He stretched over her and started wrapping the bungee around her crossed wrists.

"Wes..."

He pressed a kiss to her lips even as his hands continued to move. "Say stop and I'll stop."

Her heart picked up speed and sound ebbed from her throat.

"Do you trust me, Rubi?"

She did. In that instant she realized at least that barrier had been destroyed. "Yes."

A click signaled the hooks on the end of the bungee on the iron headboard. "Hold onto the metal, but don't pull against the cord."

She glanced up at an elaborate design of twists allowing her hands to slide without hurting. "Wes...I don't know-"

He slid down her body and his mouth closed over one nipple.

Sensation tumbled through her body and she arched. Rubi's eyes closed on a moan. Then his hands were everywhere, as feverish as they'd been on the way up the stairs and Rubi couldn't think.

She grabbed onto a curve in the iron headboard and rubbed her hips against Wes's. His erection bulged beneath his rough jeans, pressing into the heat between her legs. Then it was gone, way too soon, as he moved down her body, his hands sliding over her skin, his mouth kissing his way lower.

"Stop teasing me," she said, her voice thick. "I need you."

He pushed her thighs apart and opened his mouth over her pu**y, licking and sucking through her panties. Stars lit off behind her eyelids. Rubi's fingers grasped the metal harder and arched into the pressure and heat. She needed more. She needed him filling her. But her throat closed around her words. And the sounds that came from her mouth were more animal than human.

Wes never so much as paused his feast to drag her panties off, simply started licking her at one spot and slipped the silk down while licking her to the other. Then his mouth was on her skin. His fingers stroking and exploring. Demanding.

She managed to open her eyes for a glimpse of his golden head between her darker thighs, one big hand spread over her belly, the other working with his mouth. His eyes closed, those long, golden lashes brushing his cheeks, his expression so intensely blissful, it nearly shot her over the top all on its own.

If her hands weren't bound, her fingers would be twisted in his hair, pulling his mouth down harder while she lifted into him, riding his mouth to ecstasy. Instead she had to wait as he played and teased. Wile he suckled and licked and rubbed his face between her legs. But also wanted him inside her. Wanted to feel his full weight on her. Wanted to be consumed by him.

The intense pleasure rose fast. She couldn't control the sensations. But Wes could. And he patiently, deliberately drove her into a slowly rising tidal wave where sensations rose and rose and rose. Then rose again.

"Fuck, Wes...please..."

With a growl of lust and a movement of his tongue, he pushed her over.

The orgasm crested with little sprinkles of pleasure like starlight in the dark. The first curl of intensity spiraled through her on a cry, then the wave crashed, flooding her body and closing her throat. Rubi's muscles clenched, lifting her against his mouth in a wild, sensual ride. Wes curled his fingers into the flesh at her hips and took it all, stayed for the very last shiver, his lips leaving her pu**y only after she collapsed beneath him.

Her head spun. Her body floated. Her chest rose and fell with quick, shaky breaths. So depleted, she couldn't even open her eyes as Wes moved up her body, kissing her br**sts, her neck. Then his hand slid between her legs, brushing her sex and making her quiver and laugh. But only until his fingers stroked her and he ground out a deep, "You taste so good."

The feel of his thick c**k pressed against her sex, made her instantly hungry again. She spread her legs wider, lifted into him, craving the feel of him filling her.

"Open your eyes." His voice was soft but demanding, and Rubi obeyed. But she hadn't been prepared for the storm of emotions she found. Lust, yes, but so much more. Deep, burning affection. Acute awareness. Serious intention.

Only after she'd read those emotions did he push inside her, holding her gaze. His c**k burrowed into her with a slow, deliberate slide until Wes pushed all the way home, the head of his c**k nudging her deepest barrier. A guttural sound of satisfaction echoed deep in his chest. He hovered above her, pressed up on his hands. The muscles of his shoulders, chest and arms rolled and flexed. Pleasure tightened the skin across his cheekbones. His jaw muscle twitched with restraint.

Without pulling out, he clenched his ass and thrust deeper. He leaned in and kissed her, his tongue circling hers as his hips pulsed. Slow. Maddeningly slow. She couldn't control any of the movement with the weight and pressure of his lower body securing hers in place. She could only taste him and squeeze the metal until it dug into her fingers and he drove her insane with pleasure.

This orgasm took her by surprise, swift and sharp. Her muscles clenched quick and hard. Her mind blanked behind a spray of hot sparks.

The intensity lingered and Rubi drank in every last fizzle of pleasure. When she finally opened her eyes, Wes was watching her, fire in his eyes, sweat gleaming on his skin and dampening the edges of his hair.

"Damn," he whispered. "That is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen."

"Wes..." She drew out the word as the last sweeps of lingering pleasure fluttered down her legs and through her belly. "What are you..." she murmured between breaths, "...doing to me?"

He bent his elbows and lowered to kiss her in a push up. "Making love to you, baby. Way more intense than sex." He gazed down the length of their bodies and exhaled heavily with a little shake of his head. "Never been this good. Never."

No, it had never been this good for her either.

Was that the difference? Making love versus having sex?

"Will you ride me, baby?" He reached above her with one hand, released the bungee hooks and pulled her hands out. Then rubbed his fingers over a gentle sting she hadn't noticed before and brought her hands to his lips for gentle kisses over her wrists. Ride me so I can watch your body move? Nothing turns me on more."

She pressed a hand to his chest, easing him back while she sat forward. "I have to warn you," she said, rolling with him so he stayed inside her until they'd switched positions, "I was a rodeo star in a former life."

His laugh was low and appreciative. He gripped her hips and rocked her deeper. "Uh-uh." She pulled his hands from her ass and pressed them over his head, curling his fingers around the headboard's iron scrolls. "This is my show. Hold on, handsome."

As she straightened, Rubi dragged her hands down his muscled arms, his damp chest, his ribbed belly. "You are one hunk of fine man, Mr. Lawson."

Gripping his waist, she tossed her hair to one side and lowered her mouth to his chest, licking one flat, bronze nipple, then biting the other. He lifted his hips and pushing deeper. She used her knees to lift off him, letting him slide slowly along her wet walls. He ground his teeth, his hot gaze watching his length leave her body. She couldn't remember ever seeing so much desire in a man's eyes. Maybe she'd simply never paid that much attention, but Wes's pleasure was all she could focus on now.

She shook her hair back, arched her spine, and lifted her hands, pulling her hair up and off her neck as she sank slowly back onto him.

"Yes." He drew out the low, rugged word. "So gorgeous." He lifted one hand from the bedframe and pressed it against her face in a sweet gesture somehow at odds with the intense sex. "Love you, Rubi. Love you so much."

Heat washed Rubi's chest-not exactly raw fear, but not anything she recognized as love either. But how would she recognize love when she didn't know the first thing about it? Pushing the discomfort to the back of her mind, Rubi rocked her hips, pumping his c**k in rhythmic, wet strokes, her body undulating hips to shoulders. Hips to shoulders. This she knew. This she understood. This she could give him.

He grabbed for the headboard again, head bowing back on a sound of raw need. His fingers flexed and clenched around the iron bars.

She leaned back, braced her hands on his thick thighs, continuing her ride. His head came up, gaze dropped to her pu**y, to the sight of him gliding in, drawing out.

"Fuck, Rubi..." he rasped, his tone nearly painful. "Too much."

His biceps rippled and his hips bucked, driving his c**k deep. Rubi fell forward, catching herself on his chest. Wes took her face in his hands and held her there, staring into her eyes as his hips rocked, driving her higher and higher. He pulled her down until her mouth covered his and kissed her, mirroring the movement of his body.

"Come with me, Rubi."

His hand slid down her body, curved around her ass, and held her tight as he plunged and plunged and plunged. He filled her. Stretched her. Drove her. In a way, she didn't understand, he completed her. Rubi fell against his chest and held on tight as the orgasm ripped through her. As Wes continued to thrust, delivering extreme heights of pleasure. Their climaxes clashed, blended.

Wes called her name with such exquisite pleasure, Rubi's chest tightened. Emotion, thick and warm and overwhelming, rushed in, swamping her.

She went limp, melting on top of him. He was sweaty, warm, slick and hard, his body a slab of heaving, hard muscle. His hands swept gently up and down her back, then rested at her hips.

"God damn, Wes." She whispered the words against his chest, unable to catch her breath.

"Right?" he agreed, his heart beating hard beneath her. "We are so f**king good together."

A small smile turned her mouth, all she could manage. The pleasure's intensity ebbed into sinfully sweet decadence and flowed through Rubi's veins like melted gold. "We sure are."

Twenty-Seven

Rubi lay against a bevy of pillows, knees up, laptop against her knees. She was almost done with the fixes and upgrades to Wes's father's sensor program. Wes snoozed beside her, coming awake to answer questions, kiss her, touch her, then fall back to sleep. His hand now curved over the top of her foot, warm and sure. He created a calm inside her similar to the one that came over her near the ocean. Well, sometimes. Other times he created more of a turbulent storm sensation-some good storms, some not.

She was just writing the last section of code for a mini app she'd created to monitor the sensors when the front door opened downstairs, followed by footsteps and voices. Susie was home with the kids. Rubi's blissful privacy with Wes was over, and disappointment closed in.

He rolled to his side, opened his eyes, and squeezed her foot. "Guess we have to face the world again." He didn't sound thrilled with the prospect either. "When we get back to LA, I want to take you away somewhere for the weekend. Just you and me for forty-eight, maybe even seventy-two hours straight."

Rubi smiled and combed her hand through his hair. That soft, relaxed, comfortable look in his eyes seemed to reach inside her and squeeze, infusing her with happiness. And like a conduit, that happiness immediately brought fear. Completely irrational but very real. She had to find a way to break that circuit.

"I've been meaning to ask you, is there something going on with Emma?" Rubi lowered her knees. "She's a lot shyer than Abby."

"She's borderline autistic," Wes said. "Or at least that's the label they've given her so she can get special help at school. But she's high-functioning, meaning she has fewer problems on the autistic spectrum, and she's absolutely brilliant. Does math at a high school level. Has a high capacity for anything structural. She just doesn't communicate well. But she's a real love once she warms up to you. Very affectionate."

"Hmm." Rubi felt a pang of pity for the girl. This world was harsh-at least in Rubi's experience-especially for anyone outside mainstream society. "She's lucky she's got such a great family to back her, then."

Wes sat up and swung his legs off the bed. "How's the program coming?"

"Almost done. I added code to measure soil moisture, temperature, alkalinity, salinity, CO2, and nitrogen levels. If he wants to add something, he just needs to cut and paste the code with a few minor edits. And I've almost got an app created he can use to monitor it all on his iPhone."

Wes's gaze took on that hundred-yard stare. "How long was I asleep?"

"Off and on for a couple of hours, why?"

"You did all that in a couple of hours?"

A slow smile lifted her mouth. She glanced down over the T-shirt and jeans he'd pulled back on before passing out-just in case someone came home unexpectedly. "All that and more."

He reached out, cupped her neck, and pulled her in for a kiss. Soft and sweet and loving.

"Love you, Rubi. Love you so much."

She must have grown accustomed to the confession, because while it still jolted her system when she thought about what it meant, the words no longer completely freaked her out. They only sort of freaked her out. What did still really freak her out was the thought of telling him the same. She'd already half accepted the fact that she was experiencing the emotions associated with the words. But saying them meant committing to them. And not only was she unsure she could, she didn't fully understand what that entailed.

"Wait till my dad hears about this program," Wes said, pushing to his feet. "You'll have a lifelong invitation to Thanksgiving and Christmas at the Lawson homestead." He ran one hand over his head. "Damn, I'm really going to have to step up my game now."

"Wes?" His mother's voice coincided with her footsteps up the stairs. And she didn't sound like her normal, happy self. She sounded tense with worry.

Wes must have registered the tone too, because his smile dropped and his body stiffened as he turned toward the door. "Yeah, Mama. In with Rubi."

Before he reached the door, his mother appeared, her face creased with stress.

"What's wrong?" Wes asked.

"It's Wyatt. Tori called me at class, said when he woke, his lower legs were very swollen, twice the normal size."

Rubi didn't know what that meant, but it seemed like Wes did. "He needs to go back to the hospital."

"Your dad's still in St. Louis, and Wyatt isn't moving well enough for Tori to-"

"I can handle him," Wes said. "I'll just put him in the truck and take him back."

His mother darted a glance at Rubi. "Hi, sweetheart. Did you enjoy the drive?"

"Very much." She swung her legs off the bed, feeling awkward and helpless. "Can I...do anything?"

She seemed to think about that for a moment, then returned her gaze to Wes. "Tori will want to go with him, but you know how she gets. It would be better if I were there to keep her together. But we have the girls, and Mom... I called Claudia to help, but she's in Kansas visiting her sister."

Rubi had to bite her lip not to volunteer. She really did like to help people, but little kids and crazy grandmothers were waaaaaay the hell out of her spectrum of knowledge.

Only, when Susie's gaze turned back to Rubi, she was pretty sure she was going to get a crash course in both. "I hate to ask, Rubi." She paused with a tortured expression that conveyed the truth of her statement. "But, do you think..."

"Of course." What the hell else was she going to say to this lovely woman who'd made her feel instantly at home? "I can't promise to be good at any of it, but I can try."

Susie stepped over to Rubi and hugged her. "Oh, thank you."

Rubi gazed over her shoulder at Wes. He had that God-I-love-you look in his eyes again, but all Rubi could do was make a dramatic face of what-the-fuck-did-I-just-get-myself-into terror at him before his mother pulled back.

Wes's grin spread across his face, and his shoulders shook with silent laughter.

A shriek drifted up the stairs, then a fight broke out between the girls somewhere in the house.

"Oh dear." Susie pulled away but kept her hands on Rubi's shoulders. "Emma was very upset that I interrupted her painting to come home." She glanced at Wes. "You know how she is."

"You go get them settled, have a talk with Grams, and I'll give Rubi a few guidelines."

Susie kissed Rubi's cheek. "Thank you so much, sweetheart."

As soon as she left the room, she called, "Girls, no fighting."

Rubi dropped her head into her hands on a groaned "Oh my God."

Wes's laughter bubbled over as he sat down next to her on the bed. With an arm around her shoulders, he pulled her close to his side. "Hey, it's not that bad. Just put Abby in front of a Dora the Explorer marathon, set up Emma in a separate room with the shitload of Legos, and lock Grams in her room. Cake."

Rubi lifted her head with a horrified expression. "Lock her in her room? And what the hell is Dora the...whatever you said?"

"Dora is a who. And I was kidding about locking Grams in her room, but I would suggest locking her in the house. She likes to wander."

"Oh, for Christ's sake. What did I just commit myself to?"

He turned her face toward him, his grin soft. "Family, Rubi. You've just committed yourself to taking care of family the way only another family member can. An intensely noble effort."

Wes's suggestions worked-but only for the first two hours. Then the relative calm turned to shit.

Actually, if she were truthful, she'd have to say the trouble started fifteen minutes after Wes and his mother walked out of the house in the form of Birdie deciding she needed-needed-to make holiday pies. In October. Then the trouble escalated in increments made up of spilled cranberry juice on Susie's cream carpet, Abby's laughter instigating a screaming fit from Emma, and Birdie's cyclonic methods in the kitchen.

"Rubi," Abby called from the family room for the twentieth time in two hours. "Dora's over."

Rubi looked up from the dustpan she maneuvered to sweep up the flour Birdie kept scattering all over the kitchen floor.

"I'm coming."

"Oh dear," Birdie said. "I've run out of sugar." She untied her apron. "I'll just go next door and borrow some from Mabel."

"Hold on, Birdie. It's dark outside. I'll go with you. Just let me put another video on for Abby."

"You're such a sweet girl, Missy. Thank you, dear. I'll wait by the front door."

Rubi rolled her eyes at the Missy reference on her way into the family room. She blew her hair back and searched through the Dora DVDs. "Oh, this one sounds cute," she said, working for enthusiasm. "Dora saves the Prince."

"I've seen that one," Abby said.

"You've seen them all, sweetheart." Rubi fingered through the cases. "Twenty-five times. Okay, here's a great one. The Chocolate Tree. Everyone loves chocolate, right?" When Abby wrinkled her nose, Rubi turned over the case and read, "Dora and Boots seek the Chocolate Tree and a gift for Abuela." She added a Hispanic accent for a flourishing Abuela, making Abby giggle.

"Okay."

"Thank God," Rubi muttered under her breath and lowered to her knees to switch out the DVDs, but ended up struggling with the damn machine.

An ear-piercing screech rose in the next room. Her heart lurched to her throat, and she swung around. Abby was gone.

"Fuck," she whispered and dropped her face into her hands.

Emma wailed again, so loud Rubi winced.

Then Abby started yelling over her. "I didn't mean it. I was just trying to help."

The headache Rubi had been holding back broke loose. Pain spread across her forehead and exploded behind her eyes.

"Girls," she groaned as she pushed to her feet. "No need to scream."

When she stepped into the kitchen, Rubi remembered Birdie. "I'll be right there, Birdie," she yelled over the chaos. But got no answer. "Birdie?" Rubi surveyed Emma's tower. It was in perfect condition. She glanced at Emma, who had tears streaming down her face, then at Abby, "Why is she screaming?"

Abby pointed to the Lego piles Emma had separated into color. A few yellows had fallen into the blue pile. Rubi started to reach for them to straighten them out but pulled her hand back. "Emma?" The girl's screaming turned to gurgles. "Emma? Do you want me to fix the colors for you?"

She nodded. But then collapsed in tears.

Abby, seemingly unfazed, skipped back into the living room. "Rubi, where's the Chocolate Tree?"

Now Rubi wanted to break down into tears.

Her phone buzzed in her back pocket. Rubi pulled it out and peered through the hallway toward the front door.

WES: Still alive?

RUBI: Barely. Emma's on to something with the tear-filled tantrums. I'm thinking it's the way to go from now on. How's Wyatt?

"Birdie?" Rubi called.

WES: Not great. Blood clots caused the swelling to his legs. Traveled to his lungs. Really dangerous. He's just out of CAT scan. They're trying to find a room for him. Hospital's full.

RUBI: Is he going to be okay?

Then she had a really frightening thought.

RUBI: Did the rig cause them?

"Oh God." She closed her eyes, a sudden knot in her chest. "Please say no."

WES: No. Moving the legs prevents blood clots. He'll be fine now.

She exhaled, and the knot inside her unraveled. Until she thought about Birdie.

RUBI: Where is Mabel's house?

WES: Mabel who?

RUBI: Birdie wants to borrow sugar from Mabel. Where does she live?

Rubi slowly, carefully moved the yellow Legos back into the yellow pile, as if Emma were a lion and might pounce on her any second.

WES: Mabel's been dead for fifteen years.

She read the message twice, her head clearing now that Emma was sobbing quietly, curled into a ball in the kitchen chair. "Oh no." She turned and sprinted toward the front door. "Birdie?"

The door was open, cold air sweeping in.

"Fuck." She stepped out on the porch, searching the darkness. "Birdie!"

Nothing. No voices, no footsteps, not even a rustle of leaves.

"She wanders."

Wes's words cut through Rubi, a knife of terror. "Birdie!" She ran down the steps, scouring the darkness, but saw nothing but those damned trees. "Shit."

Now what?

"Rubi?" Abby called from the porch.

"Stay inside, Abby. Birdie went for a walk, and I need to find her. Can you go inside for me and close the front door?"

"I...don't like being alone."

Oh. My. God. How the hell had she gotten into this?

Rubi started back up the steps and guided her inside. "You're not alone, honey. Emma's here, and you've got to watch Dora find the chocolate bush."

"Tree." Abby climbed onto the sofa and curled into the corner. "Chocolate tree."

"Right. I'm not going anywhere. I'm just taking a walk around the house, and I'll come right back in."

Abby laughed at something the monkey did-Rubi never wanted to hear the name Swiper ever again...like ever-and was instantly reabsorbed into the cartoon. Rubi took one more look at poor little Emma, wishing she had the first idea of how to soothe the girl.

"Emma?" She crouched in front of her. "Can you help me find a flashlight?"

She lifted her head, pushed off the stool, and walked to a cabinet beneath the sink and pulled out a Maglite.

Rubi took it with a smile. "Wow. You are the smartest little girl I've ever met."

Emma sniffled, still not meeting her eyes when she said, "I like flashlights."

"Have you ever played shadow games with flashlights?"

Her pretty blue eyes flicked to Rubi's for a split second, then darted toward the floor again. "No."

"It's almost bedtime. After I find Birdie..."-please God let me find Birdie-"I'll teach you how before you go to sleep. They're really fun."

"Okay." She turned and climbed back into her chair. With her chin propped in her hand, she stared at her color-coded piles of blocks.

Rubi's phone buzzed again as she quietly shut the front door behind her and flipped on the flashlight.

WES: Is everything okay?

RUBI: Multiple meltdowns, carpet stains, kitchen covered in flour, missing grandmother...everything is peach-perfect.

WES: Baby, I'm sorry. Do you want me to come home?

RUBI: Yes, but don't. Take care of Wyatt. When Birdie wanders?

"Birdie?" she yelled as she waited for a response. "Can you hear me?"

WES: The barn or the berry patches along the creek.

"Holy f**k." She had to search the barn and the creek in the dark? When she didn't even know where either of them was?

RUBI: I've gotta go.

She stuffed the phone back in her pocket and panned the flashlight across a grassy patch at the front of the house. Aimlessly, she wandered, starting where she'd first encountered Birdie, on the gravel road. This might be a beautiful piece of property during the day, but it was just plain-ass freaky at night, and Rubi had every slasher movie floating through her head. With no sign of Birdie, no response to her repeated calls, Rubi's thoughts transitioned from the ridiculous nonexistent threat of danger to the very real possibility that Birdie was hurt or truly lost.

Panic for the woman's well-being coiled in her chest, tightening Rubi's throat. If Birdie was hurt on Rubi's watch, she didn't know what she'd do. She couldn't deal with that. And, goddammit, she shouldn't have been left with this kind of responsibility.

She walked around the house, calling Birdie's name. Then around the detached garage. Then ventured farther down a dirt road that seemed to connect the house and a looming structure that could only be the barn. Her throat grew sore from yelling. She should have thrown on a jacket. Some shoes. She was freezing. But she hadn't thought she'd be searching as much as simply locating Birdie and coaxing her back into the house.

Fear wound its way into her chest and squeezed, pushing tears to her eyes. "Fuck, Birdie," she finally yelled in supreme frustration. "Get your ass out here."

A door slammed somewhere ahead. The squeal of metal and a hollow crack."Birdie? Where are you?" A strange thought popped into her mind, and she called, "I found sugar in the pantry. You don't need any from Mabel."

"Well, now you tell me." The words were soft but frustrated and coming from a distance.

Relief flooded her chest, creating a painful pressure. Her knees gave, and Rubi bent at the waist, bracing herself on her thighs to keep from going down. "Oh my God," she whispered. "Thank you."

Pushing up, she started toward the voice. "Come on, Birdie, it's freezing out here."

"Don't you think I know that, little girl? I'm caught."

This was the most perturbed Rubi had ever heard Birdie. Rubi had heard stories of Alzheimer's or dementia patients becoming belligerent-though Wes had never named Birdie's condition-but the way Rubi's night was going, it wouldn't surprise her at all if the old woman hauled off and decked her.

But Rubi rounded the barn until she found Birdie struggling. "Cotton-pickin' rundown old shed," she muttered, turning her body again and again. "Daryl's gonna hear about this. I'll love that man until the day I die, but sometimes..."

The "barn" was all metal and, from what she could see, brand-freaking-new, not a thing out of place. She panned the light across Birdie and found the arm of her sweater caught on a water faucet welded to the side of the barn. And blood stained the fabric.

"Birdie, stop." Her stomach clenched, and she lunged forward to grab her arm. "Stop pulling."

Rubi dragged up Birdie's sleeve and shined the light on the cut to see how bad it was. But she couldn't tell with all the blood.

"Oh dear..." Birdie tilted toward Rubi, and she caught the older woman before she hit the ground.

"Birdie, Christ, don't you dare faint on me." Her voice cracked, exposing her own off-balance state of mind. "I'll take care of it. And don't even think about arguing with me." She pushed her anger forward to cover the fear, the weakness, the vulnerability. "I've had it. Susie put me in charge, and I'm the boss, dammit. Now go."

Birdie was too woozy to argue. Rubi held her up with an arm around her waist and lighted their way back to the house.

By the time Rubi had gotten Birdie bandaged and changed for bed, she was exhausted. Luckily, so was Birdie, and the older woman fell asleep as soon as Rubi tucked her in.

One down, two to go.

"This oughta be fun," she muttered as she closed the downstairs door to Birdie's room.

Before she approached the girls, Rubi fastened the special locks Wes had shown her before he'd left-locks Birdie couldn't reach. Rubi should have done that right after Wes walked out. This night wouldn't have been nearly as trying. But then she returned to the kitchen. To flour covering every surface. To berries scattered over the floor. To dishes piled in the sink. And her shoulders sagged.

"How the hell did I get here?"

Rubi intercepted three more potential disasters involving Abby and Emma while cleaning the kitchen. She'd spent twenty minutes on the phone listening to Tori go through their bedtime routine and gleaned that Emma didn't like the feel of brushing her teeth, which caused nightly drama. Emma didn't like the feel of brushing her hair, which caused morning and nightly drama. Basically, the bottom line: Emma didn't like the feel of anything, because she had a sensory issue which made all those normal things we did every day hurt for Emma. So anything involving changes to the senses typically caused-you guessed it-drama.

And Rubi was dead on her feet by the time she finally led the girls upstairs for bed. To keep all that drama to a minimum, Rubi asked Emma everything before touching her. That seemed to work well. She let Emma sleep in the clothes she had on, since those weren't bothering her, and then settled them in her bed, under the covers.

"Okay," Rubi said, sitting on the side of the bed. "Here's the thing about flashlight shadows, Em. They don't work unless the lights are out." Tori had told Rubi that Emma slept with the lights on, which was fine by Rubi. She was so tired, she could have slept in a wind tunnel. "I can leave the bathroom light on. But if we leave the big light on, we won't get the fun shadows. Want to give it a try?"

Emma was looking Rubi in the eye now, and God, but she was a beautiful girl. "Will you stay here?"

"Are you kidding? I'm going to be asleep before you are."

Emma's little mouth curved, and a warm knot tumbled to the bottom of Rubi's belly.

"I'm going to change for bed. You two get comfy."

Rubi spent her time in the bathroom bent over the sink, splashing water on her face. She was exhausted and edgy. Jumpy. Like she expected to hear Emma scream at any moment. Felt as if she'd given everything she had to Birdie and the kids for the last five hours and felt wrung out, like her nerves were on fire. And now she had to play shadow games on the wall and hope the flashlight beam didn't hurt Emma's eyes.

"You've just committed yourself to taking care of family the way only another family member can. An intensely noble effort."

Wes might rethink that when he got home and saw Birdie's cut and torn sweater. Susie might disagree when she saw the stain Rubi couldn't get completely out of her carpet.

Twin giggles came from the bedroom. Rubi turned off the water and changed.

"You braid your hair too?" Emma asked-the first time she'd spoken to Rubi first, and a strange sense of accomplishment Rubi didn't understand spread through her chest.

"Every night. I don't like brushes much either." She walked over to the light and checked in with Emma. "Ready?"

She nodded.

"Turn on your flashlights first. Abby, make sure to keep the light out of Emma's eyes. Emma, don't look directly at the beam."

Once the light was off, their flashlight beams aimed at the far wall, and no one was screaming, Rubi exhaled in relief. She climbed into the spot they'd left open for her between them and picked up her own flashlight. "Okay, now the fun begins."

Wes eased himself into the chair alongside Rubi's bed, praying he didn't wake her or either of the girls. They were curled up like puppies on either side of Rubi, cuddled so close she couldn't have moved if she'd wanted to. Though, by the way she had an arm around each one, her head tilted with her forehead pressed against Emma's blonde hair, Wes had to admit she didn't look like she wanted to go anywhere, but he wished the girls were in their own beds so Wes could strip down, climb in next to Rubi, and feel body the length of his.

Since no way on earth would that wish come true, he kicked his feet up on the ottoman and melted back into the cushy chair with a long exhale. What a freaking long, terrifying night. He glanced at his watch-almost nine a.m. He closed his eyes and laid his head back, unable to keep the last twelve hours from spiraling behind his closed lids.

Wyatt had come too close to death too many times-the first before he'd even reached the VA, and Wyatt's doctor had rerouted them to St. Mary's first. The damn blood clot had shot to his lungs, and he'd been gasping for air when Wes had thrown his brother over his shoulder and trotted him into the ER. When the nurses and doctors crowded around him and whisked him off to one of the rooms, both his mother and sister-in-law had been bawling. And Wes had been damn close. Luckily, his father had met them there, but he hadn't looked much better. Christ, that had been the longest couple of hours of Wes's life-waiting to hear whether or not Wyatt could be stabilized.

Then he'd been transferred by ambulance to the VA for more tests and further treatment during several bad episodes when they hadn't known whether Wyatt would live or die. But by morning, he'd found even ground. After another few days in the hospital under careful watch, Wyatt would return home and continue his recovery. With anticoagulation therapy, this wouldn't...shouldn't...happen again.

This wasn't Wyatt's first death scare. Wes's brother had "seen the light," as Wyatt called it, several times-a few of those in Afghanistan before ever returning home. But this was the first one Wes had witnessed. And it had shaken him.

He opened his eyes to rid his mind of the memories, and the sight of Rubi and the girls released the pressure in his chest again. Seeing her curled up with two little kids gave Wes crazy-exciting glimpses into the future. Before this moment, he'd never been able to envision Rubi with a family-not that it had even been on his mind. But now... Yeah, it was on his mind. Not tomorrow. Not even next year. But someday.

And that someday had solidified into a real possibility with Rubi here. After seeing her with his family, watching her step up to the plate with his grandmother and nieces, her generosity toward Wyatt and his father... Yeah, he knew for sure-Rubi was the one.

Rubi stirred, and her eyes opened. She glanced to either side of her, checking on the girls, then stretched.

He whispered, "Hey, beautiful."

"Is he okay?" she asked in an urgent whisper.

"He is now."

Abby woke first, sitting up and rubbing her eyes with her fists. "Uncle Wes, is Daddy home?"

He couldn't begin to describe the relief that her daddy would be coming home. Wyatt's death would have devastated his family. "Not yet, but he will be in a few days."

Emma covered her eyes, which meant she was letting her eyes adjust to the morning light. "Daddy's okay?"

"Yes, baby. Your daddy's okay."

"Where's Mommy?" Abby asked, sliding out of bed and skipping to Wes.

He pulled her into his lap. She was warm and soft, cuddling against him. Wes couldn't say he was eager to be a father. The grave responsibility of the role sometimes felt too heavy for him. But that perspective shifted when he thought of having a child with Rubi. "Mommy's downstairs. She's going to take you girls home, and you can go to the hospital later to see your dad."

Abby pushed from Wes's lap and ran out the door. "Mommy!"

"Down here, baby." Tori's voice drifted up the stairs.

Emma climbed from bed, slower than Abby. She reached up and ran a hand over her braid, then looked over her shoulder at Rubi. "Will you take it out?"

"Sure." Rubi gently removed the band at the bottom. "Do you want to comb it out, or do you want me to do it?"

"With a brush or your fingers?"

"Fingers, of course."

"You can do it."

Rubi ever so gently unwound the braid and sifted her fingers through Emma's thick blonde strands. There was no screaming, no drama, and no tears involved. "There. You try it."

Emma repeated Rubi's motions, then asked, "Does it look okay? Not all messy like I slept on it?"

"It's a little wavy because of the braid, but no, not messy. Very pretty, actually. Go look." She pointed toward the bathroom.

Still wearing her clothes from the day before, Emma went into the bathroom. Wes couldn't see her, but he watched Rubi's face as Rubi watched Emma. When Rubi's grin stretched over her beautiful face, Wes knew there had been success and was pleased. But when Rubi turned that smile on Wes to share the accomplishment with an excited thumbs-up, his heart folded and flipped.

Yes, she was definitely the one.

Even exhausted, Wes cooked breakfast for everyone. Whitney had met them at the hospital sometime last night and now held Emma in her lap at the table while the girl sorted and re-sorted a small pile of Legos into colors. Rubi felt as worn out as Wes looked. She knew she couldn't be, although sleeping with a pair of clinging heaters couldn't actually be considered sleep. And even though she craved some time either alone or alone with Wes, Rubi spent the morning walking Wes's father through the program she'd designed for him. His excitement and gratitude made the work worth every minute.

Birdie had no recollection of baking pies or how she received the cut on her arm-for which Rubi was grateful. Susie claimed she couldn't find a cranberry juice stain anywhere, even after Rubi pointed it out. Susie also told Rubi of a story when Birdie had broken her arm on her own watch, and insisted a cut was nothing to be concerned about.

It was after noon when Wes finally swung his arm around Rubi's shoulders and told his parents, "Rubi and I are going to take a nap."

With no orders for them to nap in different rooms-probably too tired to care-Wes walked Rubi up the stairs, fell on the bed, and pulled her down on top of him. He was warm and solid, and Rubi felt her rough edges smooth.

"Thank you for stepping in last night," he said, his voice rough with fatigue. "Knowing you were taking care of Grams and the girls really took a load off all our minds."

"I'm glad." Lying half on him and half on the bed, Rubi slid one of her legs over his, wrapped one arm across his torso, and laid her head on his shoulder. And sighed.

"You okay?" he asked.

"Frazzled. Losing a little stuffing through my seams. But yeah, okay. You?"

"Same."

A moment of silence passed, and the events of the night before replayed in Rubi's head. It all looked like chaos. "This family stuff could really kill a person."

Laughter jumped from Wes's throat, and he tightened his arm around her shoulders, kissing her forehead.

Rubi didn't remember falling asleep, only realized she had when her phone woke her. She pushed up, waking Wes.

"What?" he asked.

"Nothing, go back to sleep." She rolled to the side of the bed and stood, moving toward the sound of her phone in the bathroom. Crap, she didn't remember even bringing it in there. But by the time she reached it, the phone had stopped ringing.

"Who was it?" Wes asked, his eyes already closed again, arm outstretched waiting for her to come back to him.

Rubi touched the Recent Calls button and saw: Desiree.

"My Realtor." And the thought brought back all the problems she still had to face at home. Brought back the decades of anger and pain and frustration surrounding her father.

"Why aren't you calling her back?" Wes asked.

Rubi blew out a long breath. "I'm...not in a good place to hear bad news."

In fact, her insides shook just thinking about it. The same weights she'd been dealing with just days ago seemed twice as heavy now. What would she do with Rodie? How far would she need to move from Wes? How long would she have to live somewhere temporary?

Minor problems, considering what Wes's family dealt with every day-but still big problems to her. Upsetting problems.

"Maybe it's good news," Wes said.

Maybe she was just pessimistic, but she didn't have a good feeling. Nothing involving her father ever turned out well.

She sat on the edge of the bed and dialed. Her stress ratcheted up as the phone rang. And by the time Desiree answered, Rubi knew she was far too brittle to talk about this now.

"Hey, Rubi." The cautiously disappointed tone in Desiree's two words confirmed Rubi's greatest fears.

"Hey. If it's bad news, I'm not sure I can handle it now."

"Oh." Desiree hesitated. "Um, okay." Another hesitation. "Do you want me to call you later?"

Rubi's stomach free fell to her feet. She dropped her head into her hand and rubbed at stinging eyes. "He didn't take my offer."

"No, I'm sorry, Rubi." Her sympathy was sincere, but Rubi didn't want sympathy. She just wanted a normal father.

"Why?" she demanded rather than asked. "Was it too low?"

"No, actually, it was higher than any of the others. Honestly, I don't know why. The buyer is paying cash, but Dolph's not in a hurry to sell, so I don't know what difference that would make. I can call him and-"

"No," Rubi said from behind clenched teeth. "No point. Thank you for calling."

"Rubi?" she said before Rubi pulled the phone from her ear. "There's something else."

She closed her eyes. "What?"

"It's a quick turnaround. They're closing in a week. The new owner wants to move in immediately."

Rubi's vision hazed red. "You're telling me I have to be out in a week?"

"I just got this information fifteen minutes ago. Give me a few to get to the bottom-"

"Don't waste your time," Rubi said. "I'll get to the bottom of it right now. Thanks."

She hung up and stared at her phone-seething mad. That f**king bastard. She dialed his office number.

"What is it?" Wes asked, his voice guarded.

"I may take a play from Emma's book here in a minute," she said without looking at him. "You might want to cover your ears."

"Russo Industries," the chipper secretary answered. "Dolph Russo's office."

Rubi closed her eyes, took a breath, and held her temper. "This is Rubi Russo. I don't care what my father is doing or who he's with. Put him on the phone. Now."

"Please hold, Ms. Russo."

Rubi's eyes opened into narrow suspicion.

"Rubi." His voice shocked her. He'd never answered one of her calls immediately. Ever. In her entire freaking life. Not even when she'd been in the emergency room getting a cast and stitches after falling down some backstage stairs. When she remained stunned silent, he added an impatient, "What do you want now?"

"I want to know why you sold the house for less than what I offered."

"Business," he said, curt and cold. "They offered cash."

"What difference does that make?"

"It's quick. Clean. And it was my decision."

Rubi's stomach iced over around a fiery ball of hurt. "What did I ever do to make you hate me so much?"

"Don't be so dramatic. I'd have to care to hate you."

The words hit her like a wall, pain tingling through her skin, sinking into muscle, balling in her gut. "Excuse me?"

"It's all about the sweetness of the deal, Rubi. The cash was simply sweeter."

"And you're giving me a week?"

"That was the buyer's decision. If you'd like to sweeten your offer, I'd be willing to reconsider."

She stood and walked to the window, one arm crossed over her chest. Her mind spun, trying to uncover his angle, but she couldn't figure it out. Not unusual; she could rarely figure him out. "In what way?"

"Wes has ignored my associate's phone calls," Dolph said. "Persuade him to contract with us to sell that device he's invented, and I'll choose your offer for the house."

Rubi's mouth dropped open. The colors outside blurred. "You're not serious." She barely whispered the words, knowing he was, but unable to fathom his callousness. "Tell me you have just one shred of decency in you, Dolph. Just one. Tell me you did not mean that."

"This isn't about decency. This is about business. Those are my terms. If I don't hear back from you by the end of business, I'm going forward with the deal I've agreed to."

"Don't bother waiting. Take it." She meant to lower the phone, to end the call. But one of those questions she'd always harbored but had never been able to bring herself to ask tumbled out. "Just tell me this. Why did you take me in? If you care so little about me, why take me and raise me?"

"Paternity test," he said without hesitation. "California has laws. I was going to get stuck with you regardless. And it earned me points over the years. A lot of my clients and partners value family."

Rubi's throat swelled closed. Despite the ripping inside, no tears came. She felt cold and hard and hollow. Without a sound, she lowered her phone and ended the call. Then turned the phone off completely. And stared out the window.

"I was thinking." Wes's voice made her start, and a sizzle of discomfort slid down her spine. "Why don't you and Rodie move in with me? I mean, I'll have to clear it with Jax first, but he and Lexi are going to move into a new house soon and want me to stay at the Malibu house so someone's there. I don't think they'd mind. If it's a problem, we can find something else together, but that would at least give us more time."

A steel strap wrapped around her chest and cinched. Rubi clenched her teeth to keep from jumping down Wes's throat-knowing it wasn't a rational reaction. The rational reaction was Thank you, but no. But his oversimplistic solution not only trapped her right back into that damned straitjacket, it trivialized the significance of this catastrophe in Rubi's life.

She turned toward him. Assessed his emotionless expression. "What?"

He sat forward. "There's plenty of room, I love Rodie, you love living on the beach, and...it's the direction I want us to take."

Somehow, that didn't sit right with her. "What do you mean, the direction?"

"I mean...permanent."

Permanent.

Rubi had to resist the urge to laugh hysterically at the absurdity. Rubi didn't know the meaning of the word permanent. Never had. Never would. There was nothing permanent about her universe. She'd thought they might be able to work out a relationship, but her mind hadn't jumped anywhere beyond that.

She turned back to the window and tightened her arms on a whispered "Fuck."

"I know it's not what you had planned," he said, his voice irritated. "But you could at least think about it a minute before you dismiss the idea."

She turned her head to look at him, and the anger in his expression scraped exposed nerves. "Wait-you're angry? With me? What the f**k did I do?"

"You're standing there pretending you don't love me." He rested his head in his hand. That trapdoor beneath her feet creaked. She could almost feel the tentative happiness they'd found dropping out from under her. "Where is this coming from?"

"Might have been the 'fuck' when I asked you to move in with me."

"Wes, we're barely settled into what's happening now. Moving in together is... I just..." Panic balled in her stomach and turned her spine to ice. "Why do you keep springing these things on me?"

"Because my feelings for you are so strong, they overflow. I love you. I want to be with you every minute we have. And dammit, Rubi, you're going to be homeless in a week with a seventy-pound dog."

The strap tightened until she felt like she was going to pop out of her skin. She wasn't handling this right, but that was one of her problems-she didn't know how to handle this type of thing.

She inhaled slowly. Exhaled slowly.

She could figure this out. She could.

"I've never lived with anyone before-not even a roommate. I...don't know how to live with someone." All the problems that could arise glared in her mind. "And to make that decision after we've only been together for a week-"

"You know we've been leading up to this for months. Don't use the short time we've been having sex as the beginning of our-"

Wes's phone rang. He jerked it from his pocket with a concerned frown marring his forehead. After he looked at the display, he closed his eyes and rubbed them as he answered, "Hey."

The female voice on the other end of the line was high-pitched and frantic. Rubi's chest tightened, sure it was Tori reporting a problem with Wyatt.

"Is that all he said?" Wes asked. "Yes, I know he's-"

The woman cut him off with more hysterics.

"Did you call the police?" he asked and paused for her answer. "Are your doors locked? Did he say where he was?"

Fuck, it wasn't Tori. It was Melissa, calling about her drama with the ex.

"I know, Mis. Okay, okay. I'm coming. Just keep the doors locked, and don't answer until I get there."

As soon as Rubi had heard the words "I'm coming," all the rationality she'd been clawing to hold on to evaporated. As soon as Wes disconnected, she said, "You're doing what?"

"Dillon threatened her. She's terrified he's going to come over. I'm just going to calm her down. I need to tell her about Wyatt anyway, and it will get her mind off Dillon."

He pushed to his feet.

A familiar sensation of being dismissed overcame her. "Hello. We're discussing something important here. Why can't she have the police calm her down?"

"She called them." He took that annoyed, cocky stance, leaning into one hip, head tilted. "They can't do anything about an alleged phone call. And you and I aren't talking as much as arguing."

"That might be because you keep bombing with emotional bombshells. What we're talking about is kind of a big deal and, goddammit, you should be more interested in straightening this out with me than in calming your ex-girlfriend down over something that hasn't even happened-and doesn't even involve you."

"It does involve me, Rubi. We're friends." He gave her an irritated, condescending look. "And this is what friends do for each other."

That hit deep. And low. As if she didn't know what friends did for each other. Because she didn't have many.

They were both tired. Both stressed. She knew. But that didn't give him the right to abandon her in the middle of something important.

"And I'm the woman you love," she said, drawing the line between a friend and a lover clearly. "Don't walk out on me."

"For Christ's sake, Rubi, I'm not walking out on you." He gripped her upper arms and kissed her forehead, then turned for the door. "I'll be back in less than an hour."

Rubi's heart hardened over. She followed him out into the hall and gripped the banister as he skipped down the stairs. "Wes, don't-"

Whitney stepped into the foyer, and Rubi bit back her words. His sister's gaze darted up to Rubi, then landed on Wes as he reached for the door. "What's wrong? Where are you going?"

"Melissa's having trouble with Dillon. I won't be long."

He tugged the door open. Whitney grabbed it before it closed. "Wes-"

The roar of the motorcycle cut off Whitney's words, then faded into the distance.

Whitney stepped inside, closing the front door and meeting Rubi's eyes as she stared blankly down at the door. "I'm sorry."

Rubi was transported back in time, to the countless times her father had left her standing at the door, watching his taillights disappear into the distance, a nanny standing nearby with soothing words. They felt as useless now as they had then.

Disappointment and pain and failure coiled into the hollow space of Rubi's heart. "Me too."

Twenty-Nine

Wes pulled onto the gravel drive feeling as confused and hurt as he had when he'd left-three hours ago, not one as he'd promised. And he was pretty sure that would make a resolution with Rubi even more difficult, because she hadn't responded to any of his texts and hadn't answered when he'd called to tell her it was taking longer than he'd expected.

He parked the bike and pulled off his helmet. The house was quiet, making Wes wonder if everyone had already gone back to the hospital. He hoped they had. It would give him and Rubi time and room to talk-hopefully less on edge than this morning. He climbed the stairs knowing he'd jumped that bridge toward living together too fast. And right after he'd hit her with the whole I-love-you thing. He had to find a way to slow down, he just... She had a way of making him feel frantic, like he had to grab hold of her hard and fast or risk losing her.

Pausing on the landing, he scraped a hand through his damp hair. Lexi's words had been swamping his brain from the moment he'd left the house.

"It's not something someone who's had a normal upbringing would understand."

"Jax is doing a damned good impression of a saint."

Wes pushed the front door open, unsettled with a new light shed on an insecurity he'd never had before. But he was far more a saint than Chamberlin ever was. And if Jax could handle Lexi's issues, Wes could sure as hell handle Rubi's.

The house was silent. Wes closed the door and peeled off his jacket, hanging it on the hall tree.

"Hey."

Whitney's voice turned him toward the formal living room where she sat on the pillows in a bay window, a mug in her hand.

"Hey. Where is everyone?"

"Mom took Tori and the girls on a shopping diversion. Dad's in the barn playing with his new program."

"Is Rubi upstairs?"

"No." Whitney drew out the word. "She's not." She patted the seat next to her. "Come sit down."

Alarm brought him farther into the room, but he didn't sit. "Where is she?"

Whitney looked down at her mug and scraped her lip between her teeth, then returned her gaze to Wes's. "She went home, Wes."

"Ho-me?" His voice cracked, but the surge of emotion in his chest overwhelmed his embarrassment. "What do you...? She left?" he said in disbelief and dread. "She went back to LA?"

Whitney remained solemn. And nodded. "I'm sorry."

Shock, anger, hurt, they all burst like fireworks at the center of his chest, twining to ignite his temper. He raked both hands through his hair and paced to the opposite side of the room. "Motherfucking sonofabitch."

His mind pinged, never staying on one thought more than a second. He turned on his sister, planted his hands at his waist. "When?"

"I have to give her credit," Whitney said, her voice sad. "I thought she was going to walk out that door as soon as the sound of your bike faded, but she waited. She waited for an hour and a half, Wes."

His anger flashed into guilt, and it filled him until it swam in his vision like a green tide. "But I texted her. I told her I'd be longer than I thought. I tried to call, but she didn't answer. I convinced the police Dillon was a bigger problem than they thought and-"

"You're missing the point."

Anger and pain made his temper flash. "What point?"

She didn't answer. He didn't blame her after that snap.

He made another restless trip around the living room. Go after her? Again? Let her go? "How did she get to the airport?"

"She took Wyatt's truck. Said she'd leave it in long-term parking. Keys will be on the inside of the front tire."

His stomach balled into a knot. "When does her flight leave?"

"I don't know." She paused. "Wes."

He turned toward Whitney, his anger and frustration melting into hurt. Soul-deep hurt-she'd left him. And fear. Hot, liquid fear-he'd lost her. "What?"

"You really can't try to fix this until you understand why it happened. Or it will just keep happening."

"What did she say?"

Whitney shook her head. "She didn't want to talk about it."

"Fuck me." The unfamiliar sensation of helplessness clenched his hands. The equally unfamiliar pressure of tears pressed the backs of his eyes. "We were arguing. Melissa called and was in full meltdown mode. I just thought it would be good for Rubi and me to chill out. I was just trying to help."

"Reasonable," Whitney said, "from your perspective."

The way Whitney said it told Wes it probably wasn't reasonable from Rubi's perspective.

"Don't walk out on me."

Wes sat down hard on the window seat and dropped his head into his hands. "I don't know, Whit. Maybe she's right. Maybe we really don't work together. I feel like she fits me better than anyone ever has. Like she really gets me. Like I can be who I should have been for years when I'm with her. But maybe I'm not right for her." He sat back with lead in his stomach. "We were all raised to do exactly what I did for Melissa today-help out friends and family."

"We were," she agreed softly.

"My job requires me to travel. My schedule changes all the time. My hours are long."

"All true."

"I can't always be there when she wants or needs me. I can't ignore other responsibilities because she's upset about something."

"No, you can't."

Silence fell between them. Whitney took a sip from her mug. More silence.

He crossed his arms, but it did little to create counterpressure to the pain inside him. "Isn't this where you're supposed to say I told you so?"

"No. This is where I ask you if what you see as the problem is, in fact, the problem." She stared down into her mug. "Because Rubi doesn't strike me as clingy, needy, demanding, or even unreasonable."

She wasn't any of those things, Wes agreed. "So why the hell are we hitting this wall?" he asked himself more than Whitney.

His sister pushed to her feet. "It seems to me that she recognizes the importance of your family to you. She's gone out of her way to accommodate that, even though she's the first to admit-as she did to Mom the moment they met-that she's not good with family."

Whitney held her empty mug out to Wes, and he took it automatically, without even knowing why.

"Unless you're ready for serious therapy, which would include baring your darkest secrets to your sister"-she winced as if the thought caused her as much pain as it would him-"I'd suggest thinking about what's really important to Rubi, and finding a way to convince her it's just as important to you." She leaned forward and kissed his forehead. "Now, I've got to go give some equally vague advice to clients who actually pay me for it."

Thirty

Rubi's phone rang while she had a glass of wine in one hand and a bottle of Xanax in the other. She lifted her gaze from the warning label on the prescription and glanced around the chaos she'd created in her bedroom. Rodie, curled into a ball on the bed's only clear spot, glanced around just as Rubi did.

Where the hell was her phone? If she weren't so desperate to take a break from packing, get out of the house, and gain some human companionship, she would have let it ring. But she was hoping Lexi was calling to tell her a client had canceled their dinner plans.

She pushed to her feet, dodged the boxes scattered through the room, and dug beneath the hangers and hangers of clothes she'd thrown on her bed. When she dug it out, she glanced at the display.

Her heart fell when she read: Desiree.

But she answered, "Hi."

"I've found The One." Excitement bubbled through her voice. "It's nine million. A slight cliff, but you can still see the beach from the outdoor seating area, with two paths down to the beach-a stairway going straight down and a ramp on the other end of the property. The landscaping is stunning, lots of room for Rodie. An infinity pool and twelve-person hot tub overlooking the yard and the ocean."

Desiree barely took a breath, and before Rubi could respond, continued. "Millions of arched windows, matching doors, and room transitions. Light wood, plaster-white walls, cathedral ceilings. Four bedrooms, four baths, an office, four-thousand square feet-not too big, and it's only a couple of years old. Really, Rubi, I know this is it."

Rubi downed the rest of her wine. "Thanks D, but I'm..." Royally f**ked up? Yes, I am. "Honestly, I'm not sure what I want anymore."

Desiree hesitated, then proceeded with a slow, confused "What...do you mean?"

"I don't know. I'm just...confused. And I'm tired of looking and being disappointed. I just can't look at anything else right now. I've got to get this junk into storage, and I haven't convinced any decent hotel to take Rodie yet. I'm really inundated right now." She pressed a hand to the ache overtaking her forehead and closed her eyes. Tears pushed over her lashes and ran down her cheeks. But that happened so often now, they didn't even faze her. "Can you give me a few days?"

"Rubi, honey, I know you're stressed, but I promise you this one is magical. It just went on the market an hour ago. A girlfriend working in the Realtor's office knew I was looking for you and called to tell me-"

"I understand, D. I do. I'll get back to you."

She disconnected with so much turmoil whipping through her, she pitched the phone across the room. It hit a mirror-the only f**king mirror in the whole goddamned thousand-foot suite-and shattered. The mirror and the phone.

Nothing in her life made sense anymore. She didn't know what she was doing or why. All she wanted was Wes. And she'd screwed that to hell and back. Just as she'd realized going to Missouri had been a mistake once the plane had reached thirty-thousand feet, she'd known leaving had been an even bigger mistake at the same point on the flight home.

He'd been home from his parents for over a week now and hadn't contacted her. And she didn't blame him. She'd clearly demonstrated that she wasn't wired for forever. The concept short-circuited her synapses and made her do stupid, uncharacteristic things. Made her hurt Wes. And he didn't deserve that.

Rubi picked up the landline on the nightstand and dialed Lexi's cell.

On the third ring, Lexi picked up with a hushed "What's wrong?"

"Nothing," she lied. "Why would you think that?"

"Because you never call me when I'm with a client, even if I tell you to."

"I was just checking to see if she canceled. You were so sure she would."

"I was." Lexi's tone took on a disgusted edge. "But then the fiance found out that Jax Chamberlin, stuntman, and Bentley Chamberlin, movie star, were one and the same. Then insisted they keep the appointment. Believe me, this is not a business dinner. It's an I-love-Bentley dinner. Jax has been kicking me under the table for half an hour."

Rubi forced a chuckle at the secret sign Jax had developed for letting Lexi know it was time to leave one of the many dinners, cocktail parties, brunches, and business meetings they attended. "Ah well. You two have fun with that. I'll catch you tomorrow maybe."

She disconnected and set the old-fashioned phone in its cradle. Picked it up. Put it down. Picked it up.

"Fuck." And slammed it down.

When she turned back to the boxes, anxiety gushed through her system. Overwhelmed. She was simply overwhelmed. Her mind overtaxed with stress and confusion. Her body overtaxed with pain and loneliness. All her own fault. Which only led her to her recent discovery that she hated who she was. Hated who she'd let herself become.

She needed a release valve before she exploded.

Rubi poured another glass of wine but slammed the bottle on the nightstand. She didn't want any more wine. She wanted out. Out of her body. Out of her head. Out of her heart.

Rubi finished dressing and applying makeup by avoiding direct eye contact with herself in the mirror in the bathroom. Made it through the drive to the club by hammering the latest club mixes through the Aston's incredible speakers. Even managed to get from her car to Stilettos' front doors by responding to the friendly, even excited welcome from acquaintances outside the club.

But once she'd slipped in the door, she was swallowed by the darkness, buffers and support gone. Rubi stepped aside and surveyed the space. Everything was the same. Exactly the same. The people, the dress, the music, the furniture, the bars. All the same. Yet the zing of adrenaline she'd always experienced simply stepping in the door was absent. Her desire to mingle and chat, nonexistent. She searched for familiar faces, someone comfortable to ease her back into the scene, and spotted Romeo working the bar.

Okay, that could work.

So why couldn't she move toward him? Why wouldn't her feet move from this spot? And why did she feel like she wanted to puke?

Rubi leaned her shoulder against a wall and crossed her arms. Katy Perry's "Roar" pounded through the club, but Rubi experienced no desire to move to the beat. No rush of anticipation for the night ahead. Friends waved her over from their seats at the bar, and Romeo flashed her a grin and lifted the liquor bottle from which he'd been pouring, toward her in greeting.

Still, she didn't move forward.

This wasn't where she wanted to be. Or who she wanted to be with.

This was all wrong.

Thirty-One

When Wes came out of the Renegades' bathroom after a quick shower, Courtney Marshall was already waiting for him. He'd never seen her, only spoken with her on the phone, and she wasn't what he'd expected. She was far younger than he'd guessed from her voice, maybe early twenties. Blonde and pretty, and dressed down in jeans and a light sweater, both of which hugged well-proportioned curves.

She turned from all the attention the other Renegades were showering on her and smiled. "You must be Wes."

"Uh, yeah." He ran one hand through his hair and reached to take her extended hand with the other. "Sorry, just cleaning up."

"Great. Ready to go?"

"Let's talk outside a second."

"Hey," Troy said. "Aren't you going to introduce us?"

"Courtney, the guys," he said, glaring at Troy. "Guys, Courtney. Let's go."

"We know her name, dorkweed," Keaton threw in. "How about a relation? Friend? Date?" He paused. "Girlfriend?"

Thank God she hadn't told them why she was here. "None of your business."

She said her good-byes to the crew, and Wes held the door open for her but didn't miss the scowl Rachel leveled on him on the way out. He followed Courtney down the steps, calling himself all kinds of stupid for the nerves making him awkward.

With his hands stuffed in the front pockets of his jeans, he glanced around, making sure no one was nearby. "So, I'm not real good at this. What's the plan?"

She grinned and flipped her sleek cut off her forehead. "I take you to lunch, and we talk." She slipped her arm through his and tugged him toward the parking lot. "We'll go from there."

He glanced down at his jeans, frayed threadbare in too many places to be decent. "I didn't expect you to call this morning, so I'm not exactly prepared for-"

"I was thinking casual," she said, perky, relaxed. "How does Casey's sound?"

Rubi parked along the street in front of the Renegades set location for the day-a steel scrapyard in an industrial area of the city. She spotted the Renegades trailer alongside a warehouse where film crews, cameras, and lights had been set up. She also spotted Wes's truck parked several cars up from hers.

Rubi pulled off her sunglasses and pressed a hand to the tight ache in her chest. She could do this. If he rejected her, he rejected her. She'd know it wasn't meant to be. But she had to try.

She picked up the present in the passenger's seat and stood from her car, smoothing her skirt-one of Wes's favorites. On a deep breath, she started up the sidewalk. A few wolf whistles sounded from the industrial buildings near the site still in use, but she ignored them. She glanced at Wes's truck as she passed, not sure what she was looking for, but found no real changes. No panties hanging from the rearview. A good sign, right?

Crossing her arms, Rubi continued toward the action and scoured the site, but found no sign of Wes. She heard laughter from the Renegades trailer before she was within a hundred feet. The sound hit her with a bittersweet sensation. She'd missed the guys. Missed the flurry of energy and activity that hovered in and around the trailer like a beehive. But most of all, she missed Wes. Missed his laugh. Missed his humor. Missed his love.

"I can do this."

She took the stairs and opened the door. Before she'd stepped in, everyone went silent. Their shocked gazes held on her for an extra second, then darted to each other with concern.

"Gee, good to see you too, guys."

Troy pushed out of the sofa and took one giant step, crossing the trailer. He pulled her off her feet in a bear hug. "Where the f**k you been, Russo? Just 'cause Lawson's a prick doesn't mean you can't come see the rest of us."

"Troy," she said, voice strained, "you're cutting off my air."

"Wuss," he said, setting her down.

Someone's phone rang, and Jax, somewhere behind Troy, said, "Yeah? Be right there." He stood. "Ready on set."

Troy ruffled Rubi's hair like an annoying brother. She swatted at his hands. "Hey."

"That's for staying gone so long." He kissed her head on the way out the door. "Don't do it again."

Duke gave her a high five on the way out. Keaton followed with "Don't be a stranger. We like you more than Lawson."

Jax stopped in front of her, his eyes narrowed in concern. "You okay?"

"Yeah." No. They all obviously knew her relationship with Wes was over. He obviously wasn't keeping it a secret. Evidently no second thoughts. Which pissed her off when that was all she'd had since she left his parents' house. "Is Wes around?"

"Uh...no." He cast a slow glance over his shoulder at Rachel. "Did he say when he'd be back?"

She pressed her lips together and shook her head.

"No problem." Rubi waved away the obvious tension. "I'll catch him later."

Jax nodded, offered a strained smile, then passed. On his way out the door, he turned back. "Lexi and I are home tonight. Come over for dinner?"

"You bet."

He smiled before turning away and closing the door behind him.

Rubi closed her eyes and exhaled. Opening her eyes on Rachel, she said, "What the f**k just happened?"

Rachel scrambled from behind her desk, crossed the trailer, and peeked out the blinds. Then turned a furious gaze on Rubi. "Wes just left for lunch with some chick."

That news stunned her silent. And dumb.

"What...chick?" she finally managed.

"I don't know. None of the guys knew her. Courtney Marshall?"

Rubi shook her head, her stomach sinking. "I don't know who that is. Was it, like...a date?"

"I don't know. But I eavesdropped through the window because he wouldn't talk to her in here. They're going to Casey's for lunch. You know, Casey's Irish Pub on South Grand."

"Yeah," she said, dazed, "I know it."

"Did you guys really break up?"

Her gaze returned to Rachel's. Her big brown eyes were worried, soft with compassion. "I...don't even know if we were really ever together."

Rachel grabbed Rubi's arms and shook her. "What's wrong with you?"

"What do you mean?"

"All your spunk is gone. This isn't the Rubi I know. This isn't the Rubi Wes loves."

"We both know you can do anything you put that wicked mind of yours to."

His words to her at the airport hit her. "Yeah. You're right." She turned and opened the door. "I've got to go."

Wes sucked down the second half of his beer as they waited for their lunch order. One he wasn't going to be able to eat given the roiling state of his gut. His knee bounced beneath the table. He glanced around before he set his gaze back on Courtney's. She was so calm. So cool. Almost predatory.

"So," he said, "this can be completely confidential, right?"

"Completely," she assured him.

Wes cleared his throat. Licked his lips. "What kind of money are we talking about?"

For the third time since they sat down, Courtney tried to pull the contract from her briefcase.

"No." Wes put out a hand to stop her. "I don't want to see it. I've hired someone to look it over. I just want to talk."

"Okay," she said on an exhale as if her patience was waning. "I don't have anything definite yet, but I have three different companies interested. I'd be working this contract as an agent, since none of Russo Industries are equipped to manufacture the rig. You would get fifty percent of the licensing payment and two percent royalties on the retail cost of the rig for every sale."

"Uh-huh." He wished he had more time. Wished he could take the money from this deal to do what he really wanted to do-buy that house for Rubi. But he didn't. This was all he could think of in the short amount of time he had left to work with. "Numbers?"

"It's really premature to be-"

"Ballpark me."

Another irritated clamp of her lips. Another heavy exhale. "You can't hold me to any of these numbers. Things change-"

"I understand."

"Ballpark thirty million for the license and about a hundred dollars for every sale. With the market for the rig, we estimate your take to be two to three million for the first five years."

Wes felt like he'd missed the airbag from a sixty-foot fall. He didn't want to look like an idiot, so he lowered his gaze to the table and scraped both hands through his hair, forcing himself to breathe.

"Look," Courtney said, sitting forward. "Like I said, it's just a guesstimate. I generally err on the low side because I'd rather you be pleasantly surprised when I get more than expected. Because this invention is so unique and so high tech, Dolph may be willing to raise the royalty to three percent, but..." Courtney shook her head. "With that nonnegotiable stipulation you've made on selling his house to Rubi, his flexibility might be iffy."

Whatever. He waved his fingers. "Okay, let me have it. I'll have someone look it over and get back to you tomorrow."

A little grin curved her mouth. One he didn't like.

He looked down at the slab of paper she set on the table between them. Christ, it had to be half an inch thick. When he glanced up again, movement at the door drew his gaze. Rubi pulled one of the glass doors open.

His first response was visceral-his gut flipped on itself and twisted. His heart added a few beats to the rhythm. Then reality hit. He flashed hot. Then cold. His mind spinning what-the-fucks upside down and sideways.

"Shit." He pulled the contract into his lap.

Courtney glanced over her shoulder, then back at Wes. "I've never met her. She won't know me."

No, she'd just see him with another woman. Or she'd talked to her father and already knew what he had planned and was here to crush his balls.

But then she stopped halfway in the door and turned around. But she didn't leave. She just stood there with her back to the door, arms crossed. Turned again, shook her hair back, and opened the door.

"What is she doing?" Courtney started, trailing off when Rubi scoured the restaurant and her gaze landed on them. "All right, I'll run with however you want to play this."

Wes cut a look at the woman across the table. "This is not a f**king game."

In his peripheral vision, Rubi swayed into view and stopped at the table. But Wes would have known she was there even if he hadn't seen her walk in. He smelled her. The scent brought memories spilling back. And he had to clench his teeth to keep himself from going boneless and dropping his head on the table in defeat.

She would hate him when he found out what he'd planned.

"Who are you?" Rubi asked.

Courtney slowly tore her gaze from Wes's and looked up at Rubi. She held out her hand. "Courtney-"

"Marshall. I know your name." When she kept her arms crossed, Courtney lowered her hand. "That's not what I want to know. I want to know who you are to Wes."

Courtney just as slowly turned her gaze back to him. "I think I'll let Wes field that."

"I asked you."

Against his will, Wes's eyes fell closed in dread. At the same time, he gained the slightest sliver of sugary-sweet pleasure hearing her voice, smelling her scent, just having her near. This was why he'd come up with this stupid idea in the first place. He needed her back.

"Well," Courtney said, "contrary to what you might believe, Ms. Russo, you don't always get what you want."

Holy. Fuck. Wes opened his eyes and shot a curt "Courtney," at the woman.

Rubi chuckled, the sound knowing and placating. "You may not always get what you want," she said, "But Wes knows I can get anything I set my wicked mind on. And I'm here to tell you that my mind is set on him."

Wes cast a confused sidelong glance up at Rubi and instantly wished he hadn't. It just made him want her. Miss her. And it made him realize her eyes were red from crying.

"Rubi-" he started.

"You were not invited into this conversation," she said, her voice curt but her gaze filled with pain. "You will be in just a minute."

He bit the inside of his cheek against a smile. A fierce shot of love streamed down his chest, so hot he felt the searing trail. Darting a glance around, he found every gaze in the restaurant on them.

"I'm just giving you a heads-up, Courtney," Rubi said. "He loves me. And even if he didn't, you're not his type. I am. Whatever you think you have with him won't last."

Courtney grinned, the light of entertainment in her eyes. She leaned back and swung her arm over the back of the chair. "Is that so?"

"Yeah, it is. And you could never be me, so don't even try." Rubi crossed her arms and in that sexy, arrogant stance she used to create a cover of bravado, she stared down at Courtney. "And I love him, too. He's mine. So. Back. Off."

"I love him."

The words ricocheted around his head like an echo. Burned through his chest. Wes leaned back and covered his face with both hands. He wanted to laugh and cry at the same time. What he wouldn't give to rewind time. He would have stayed with her to finish talking about living together, hammered out her fears, reassured her that he wouldn't just up and leave.

"Are you sure about that?" Courtney asked, eyes narrowed.

Rubi turned her gaze on Wes. "Dead sure."

Her gaze traveled over his face, his chest...and froze. Her eyes narrowed. Fire erupted in Wes's gut, and he leaned forward. Too late. Rubi grabbed the contract from his lap.

Wes tried to take it back, but she expertly snatched it away again, stepping back as her gaze traveled over the front page and silence filled the space.

"Well," Courtney said, "I guess this meeting's over. Call me, Wes."

She started to stand. Rubi stepped in front of her as she turned to the second page. Then pressed a hand to Courtney's shoulder without taking her gaze off the written words and pushed her back into her seat. "Oh no. This isn't even close to over."

"Rubi." Wes stood. "We can talk about this alone."

"Why?" She darted a look at Wes, matter-of-fact, open. "Isn't she the one making the offer for my father? Have you had anyone look this over?"

"Not yet. I hired-"

"No need to pay anyone when there is no one more versed in my father's contracts than me." She waved Wes toward his seat. "Sit. Let's just get this out of the way now."

Rubi had never been so angry in her life. She hated her father beyond measure. She wasn't sure what Wes was doing yet, but it didn't matter. If her father was involved, he was always the guilty party.

She flipped through the contract, skimming the details, and choked on the licensing percentage. The sound that came from her throat was part scoff, part laugh.

"You're taking fifty percent?" She sneered at Courtney. "Like hell."

Rubi knew her type even if she didn't know the woman. Her father always hired the same type.

A waitress came, and Rubi stepped aside to let her set the food down.

"Can I get you something?" she asked Rubi.

"No, thanks," she said without taking her eyes off the contract, her tone dry. "I'm here for the entertainment." And this contract was pure bullshit entertainment.

She turned until she found the royalty rate and exhaled heavily. This was so typical of her father-taking advantage of naivety or desperation.

She lifted her gaze to Courtney. "How do you work for a man this greedy?"

"This is business."

Rubi shook her head on a disgusted laugh. "You're just another parrot. Don't you realize his unscrupulous ways will come back around on you?"

Courtney grinned, snide and superior. "Thanks for the advice."

"Fine." Rubi shrugged. "Don't listen to someone with decades of experience on how the man works. But neither one of you is getting your greedy little hands on Wes's rig. Not with a contract this f**ked up."

She turned to the back of the papers, turning to the section where special provisions, if any existed, were outlined.

Wes stood and reached for the papers. Rubi didn't move fast enough this time, and he caught hold of the top of the contract, but she didn't let go. Their gazes clashed.

Courtney slipped from the booth. "That would be my cue to leave." She hitched her bag on her shoulder. "Rubi, you're everything your father said...and more."

Fire flashed in Rubi's chest. She cut her gaze to Courtney's and smiled her very best wicked smile. "You have no idea. Stay away from me and mine or I'll show you first hand."

Courtney's aloof veneer cracked. She turned and walked out.

Rubi turned back to Wes. Their gazes warred for a long moment.

"What don't you want me to see?" she asked, voice soft.

He closed his eyes. Shook his head. And let go of the contract.

He dropped into his chair, pushed his plate aside, and planted his elbows on the table, then dropped his head into his hands. "Christ, what a clusterfuck."

Frowning, Rubi glanced down at the provisions page. The first thing that caught her eye was her own address-or her soon to be previous address. A burn started in her gut and grew as she read. Her frown deepened as her mind searched for understanding. "What...?" She lifted her gaze to look at Wes, but his head was still down. "Why...?"

He sat back and dropped his hands hopelessly in his lap. "I just... I know the house is important to you. I didn't realize how important, didn't realize that it meant more to you than, just, you know, a nice house, until later when I thought about why you were so upset."

She dropped her arms, and the paper crinkled. Her stomach went light, as if it were floating. "What?"

"I know I... I screwed up at my mom's. I know I shouldn't have gone to Melissa's in the middle of our argument. I didn't think-at the time-it would seem to you like I was walking out on you, because I'd never do that. But after, when I realized you were gone, I..."

She dropped into a chair and pressed her fingers to his lips. "Don't. Please."

He pulled her hand away and curled his fingers around hers. "Let me finish." He lifted his gaze to hers. "Remember when you said you'd give up everything for a family like mine?" He didn't wait for an answer. "That's how I feel about the rig. I'd rather have you than anything the rig could bring me. And it was the only leverage I had to get you what you so desperately needed-the stability that house gives you. That's what's important to me-because that's what's important to you.

"I knew once you felt balanced again, things with us would work out, because...because I know we were meant to be together."

She nodded, her throat to tight to speak. Waiting a moment, she swallowed. "I believe that too. Which is why I'm here. Because I know I shouldn't have left Missouri the way you believe you shouldn't have left your mom's."

Rubi's belly flooded with a fluttering, panicked sensation that made her nauseated, but she breathed through it and went on. "I have problems, Wes. Issues that aren't going to go away overnight. Honestly, I don't know that they'll ever go away. I know I let my fears from the past rule my actions, and I know that was a mistake. A huge mistake. I don't want those problems to keep me from you anymore."

She lifted her head to meet his eyes. Cupped his jaw. "I love you. And I want you. If you still want to live together...it scares the shit out of me, but...if we can just take things a day at a time...I still want to try. If you don't...I under-"

"Yes." He kissed her. "Absolutely." He kissed her again, longer. "Fuck, I've missed you." He gripped her waist and lifted her onto his lap.

Rubi straddled him right there in the restaurant, laughing against his mouth. She pulled away and stroked his cheek, her heart fuller than it had ever been. "Can we tear up this contract?"

"Anything you want."

"Can we look for a better contract with someone else?"

"Anything you want."

She took a deep breath. "Can we go look at a house today that my Realtor swears is perfect for me, but look at it for us?"

A slow smile lifted his mouth. "A house for us?"

This was right. The most perfectly right thing she'd ever done.

She nodded. "A house for us."

"Can you let me pay for half-when I get the money from this rig?"

"As long as we're together," she said and kissed him gently, "anything you want."

