Chapter 1

My first love gave me a blue rose. He pinned it to my prom dress with a shaking hand. The woman taking our photograph teased him about being nervous. She couldn't have known the reason he was shaking.

He went along with it, because that's the kind of guy he was. He made a joke about getting to first base, then he turned his back to the camera and asked for a minute. I could see the tears gleaming in his eyes.

Looking down at me, he said, "You'll make a beautiful bride."

"I shouldn't have picked this dress."

"No, it's perfect. I wouldn't change a thing."

He kissed me, and then he turned around again to pose for our photo.

The whole night, girls kept coming up to admire my dress. The strapless gown was pale blue, but looked white under the lighting set up in the gym.

"This dress is so wrong," I kept saying.

Every time, he'd give me that tender look and say, "I wouldn't change a thing."

He died two months after graduation, and I died with him. My friends who'd gone through breakups said they understood completely. They promised I'd get over it.

Years passed, and then a decade.

What does that even mean, to get over something?

Does it mean that one day you can sell a corsage to a young man in a tuxedo, and not feel bottomless sorrow?

Chapter 2

I'm almost crying. A bundle of blue roses sits before me on the prep counter. I hold still, waiting for the tears that always come with the memories. But they don't come.

I pick up one rose, cupping the blossom in my palm as I strip the thorns off with a knife.

I'm not crying, so maybe I'm finally over it. Over the loss of my first love. And it only took ten years.

Another possibility is that my tear ducts haven't recovered from last night's sad movie marathon. Movies where the dog dies should come with an Ugly Cry warning label. Now my tear ducts are probably permanently damaged. My eyes feel itchy.

I blink hard, waiting for something to happen.

The door chime lets out a chirp. Someone's walking into the flower shop.

By the sound of the boots, it's a man, and not a small one.

My eyes go first to the boots. They're big.

Next, my eyes climb up his jeans. And what a climb it is, over long legs and muscled thighs. My pulse quickens.

The visuals get even yummier. He's wearing a black shirt with a bike logo, stretched tight across huge muscles.

He turns his body sideways to squeeze past the ferns.

Damn it, he's perfection.

The sight of his strong, square jaw in profile makes my palms sweat.

That's funny, because big, manly men aren't my type at all. I usually go for skinny geeks, because I'm more comfortable.

When I see a bunch of muscles, I get stupid and giggly. I can't even buy men's underwear as a Christmas present for someone, because the hunky beefcake on the packaging makes me feel funny.

This guy looks artfully scruffy, like an actor between movies. He's got about a week's worth of beard, light brown like his wavy hair.

I've never seen this man before, but I know exactly who he is.

Luca Lowell.

He steps up to the flower shop's counter, and I stop breathing.

The man has the most beautiful blue eyes I've ever seen. They point right at me like headlights. I can no longer inhale or exhale. Luca Lowell's eyes are the definition of breathtaking.

"I see I've caught you at a bad time," he says.

His voice is deep, yet surprisingly gentle, given his gruff appearance. He looks like the kind of guy who doesn't need a beer bottle opener. He'd use those big fists of his, or his teeth.

"This isn't a bad time." I pick up another rose and whip the knife through the thorns. "I'm just stripping."

He looks over the counter, down at my feet. "No, you're not stripping."

I can feel the heat of his gaze as he looks at my tennis shoes, then up my bare legs to my jean shorts. He raises his eyebrows and continues his sightseeing journey, over my red scoop-necked shirt.

He looks with interest at my curly, medium-brown hair, which falls around my shoulders in my usual style. Most people think I have a perm or use rollers, but my hair's naturally curly, and I don't fight nature anymore.

His eyes linger on my neck, and then my lips. I curse myself for not putting on lipstick after eating lunch-not that I usually wear makeup to work.

Watching my mouth, he says, "If you think this is stripping, you're doing it all wrong."

I drop the flowers and knife from my hands in a fit of giggles.

Giggles, for crying out loud? Tina, pull yourself together. You're almost thirty!

"I am stripping," I say, composing myself. "Stripping thorns."

"You have a great laugh." He leans on the counter, reaching over with his hand outstretched. "I'm Luca. I bought the garage down the street."

I shake his hand, my small palm disappearing in his warm embrace.

"I'm Tina, and I've heard all about you. People are not very happy about the changes. The whole neighborhood has been getting their cars serviced at Baker Brothers for generations. Now what are they going to do?"

"Get bikes."

I laugh, then stop abruptly. "You're serious!"

"I am. Once we re-open, we'll service all kinds of bikes. And scooters. You look like the scooter type." His blue eyes break away from mine to travel back down my body.

"A scooter? I'll think about it."

I'm telling the truth. I've never considered owning a scooter, but Luca makes it sound sexy and fun. Maybe I'm a scooter kind of girl. In high school, I was on the wrestling team. I'm not afraid to get physical.

"Tina, I have a question for you." He's back to looking at my legs. "What do you know about women?"

"I know a few things, since I am one. Why?"

"I've got another one mad at me."

My heart sinks. Luca Lowell is way out of my league, but knowing he has a girlfriend won't help my fantasies.

"That's why you're here," I say, nodding. "You need flowers to apologize with."

"Does that actually work? I can't believe women are that easy."

I raise an eyebrow in response.

"Exactly what did you do?" I ask.

He snorts. "Nothing I won't do again."

He looks around the small shop, a skeptical look on his handsome face. He's so big, but not in a scary way. He resembles a younger version of the tall country singer on The Voice, Blake Shelton.

I ask him, "Have you considered... not doing that thing anymore?"

"Where's the fun in that? Maybe it's one of my favorite things." He grins, dazzling me with great-looking teeth.

"So, you need an apology arrangement?"

"That depends. Do you offer a money-back guarantee?"

"No, but if she kills you, we'll do your funeral for half price." I chuckle at my joke. "Florist humor."

He keeps smiling, but doesn't laugh.

"Can I get something by closing tonight?"

"Absolutely. Do you have a budget? A type of flower that holds a special meaning for the two of you?"

"Surprise me." He lays some cash on the counter. "Is this enough?"

My eyes bug out at the money. The bike garage business must be profitable. I also notice he doesn't wear a wedding band.

"That's more than enough," I say. "If she doesn't take you back, you can marry me, and I'll throw in my sister, too."

"Beg pardon?"

I point my thumb toward the door to the office. "That joke makes more sense if my sister's actually here."

"I'm sure it does," he says.

The door chimes with another customer coming in.

Luca gives me a funny look, and then he turns and walks back out again.

I stare at the door for a few minutes. The scent of his masculine cologne lingers in the air.

I offer the customer help, and she replies that she's just looking for now.

I pick up the money and smell it. I expect the stack of bills to smell like Luca, but it just smells like money.

The woman gives me a funny look and then leaves.

I sigh and stare at the front door.

Luca Lowell is every bit as handsome as people have told me. And he'll be working right down the street from me, day in and day out.

The first thing I need to do after making Luca's flower arrangement is... purchase a scooter.

Obviously.

Chapter 3

It takes me two hours to create the apology bouquet. I consider making it ugly, just so she'll break up with him.

And then what will you do, Tina?

Luca and I would just be friends at first, on account of his recent breakup. Our friendship would become intimate, but not physical at first. Then one day he'd walk in here, lock the front door, and take me in his arms. He'd knock all the paperwork off the desk in the office, and demand to have me immediately.

I shiver at the thought of a man like Luca Lowell touching me with those big hands of his. A real man. I've had a few nice boyfriends, but they were boys. When they tried to take charge and dominate, it always made me laugh.

How can you take a guy seriously when he gets more excited over video games than your new sexy underwear?

One time, I was on a blind date with a guy who pulled out his phone to bid for virtual spaceship weapons on EBay. He won the auction, but lost the chance at a second date.

That was over a year ago. I shouldn't be so picky, because I haven't had a date since.

If only someone half as hot as Luca would walk into my life...

With a sigh, I tuck the final bits of greenery into place. My pride as a florist is stronger than my desire to sabotage his relationship. The arrangement is stunning.

Luca comes back in at closing. He has flecks of paint all over him, most likely from his renovations at the garage. Looking at his thick fingers, speckled in paint, makes my whole body tingle.

"Those flowers are almost as pretty as you," he says. "How's your handwriting?"

My cheeks flush at the double compliment. I grab a pen and a notecard.

"You say the words and I'll write 'em."

"Just put down the usual."

I glance up. "You want me to write 'Sorry I'm such a jerk' on here?"

"If that's the usual, then I guess it'll do."

"It's your funeral," I joke, writing the note.

Immediately, I rip up the card. My Florist Code kicked in. I can't do harm.

"Why'd you rip that up?" he asks.

I gaze up into his breathtaking blue eyes.

"Luca, you asked me what I know about women. Let me give you a bit of advice. There's not a woman out there who wants to get the usual."

He takes the pen from my hand. His fingers graze my fingers in three separate and distinct spots. I feel the contact in every part of my body.

He picks up a fresh card from the stack on the counter. In simple block letters, he writes:

SORRY I'M A JERK. -LUCA

He looks up at me, a devilish grin on his lips.

"Good luck with that," I say.

He leans across the counter. He's going to kiss me.

His brown wavy hair brushes my cheek. He wraps his arms carefully around the large vase holding the arrangement, picks it up, then walks to the door.

My sister comes in as he leaves, holding the door open for him. She walks in, her eyes and mouth wide open. "Who was that big hunk of man-candy with half the store's flowers?"

"Some lucky girl's boyfriend."

"The good ones are always taken. Or g*y. Or players. Or live with their mother."

"We live with our mother."

"It's not weird for girls."

I start closing the cash register for the end of day reports.

She gives me her pitying look. "Tina, I saw the blue roses in the cooler. Are you okay? Prom's coming up soon, and then..."

"I'm fine. I'm not going to your lame-ass support group."

"If you really were fine, you might do more than work here and hide away with your sad movies. What was going on last night? I had my window open. I haven't heard sounds like that since we gave Muffin his anti-dandruff bath."

"Just a stupid movie with a golden retriever. I should know better. The dog on the poster always dies. People who make movies are ass**les."

"But it's not just the movie. You always get bad this time of year."

I slam the cash drawer shut.

"And I always get over it. So leave me alone."

"Leave you alone? Careful, or you might get exactly what you ask for."

I roll my eyes and walk away. "Close up the shop yourself," I call over my shoulder.

Chapter 4

The lights are on, so that means my best friend Rory is waiting for me when I get home. She's used the hidden key to let herself into the place I call my cottage. It's actually a converted former garage in my mother's back yard.

For the past few years, a lot of owners in this neighborhood have taken advantage of the city's new zoning. Some people have built new mini-houses to rent out, and others have converted their garages.

Everybody complains about the construction and acts like city hall's push for density is the End of Days. Eventually some of the loudest complainers start building mini-houses in their backyards, and then the new zoning is better than cheese and jam.

I walk in and find Rory using my Mac. I bought the computer because I was going to teach myself graphic design, or programming, or something. I mostly use it to check Facebook.

"Hey, sexy," I say. "Are you here for that booty call?"

Rory jumps up and shakes out her whole body to communicate her disgust at my greeting.

Rory isn't like anyone else I know. She gets grossed out by any mention of sex, in conversation, or in books or movies. A single word can send her screaming from the room.

She's been my best friend since high school, and I love her as much as-or even more than-my sister. With her curly brown hair, she fits right in with my family. Our eyes are similar, but not exactly the same. She has golden-brown eyes, and my sister and I have green eyes.

When we were teens, Rory spent more time at my house than at hers. Things were rough at her house.

I try to be sensitive to her issues, but that doesn't mean I don't enjoy teasing her sometimes.

There's a long list of words that will send her running from the room, including:

Breasts.

Panties.

Moist.

If I'm losing an argument with her, I'll work into the conversation one of her no-no words.

"So, you're not here for a booty call?" I tease. Booty call is on the sometimes-okay list of words.

Rory gives me a dirty look and returns to using my Mac. "Everything's booked and confirmed," she says.

I jump onto the sofa, which also folds out into my bed. I grab a throw pillow and get comfortable.

"Rory, don't take this the wrong way, but wouldn't you rather take a guy with you?"

"Guys are yucky," she says, sounding like she's twelve, and not twenty-nine like me.

We've been through her issues a thousand times. She's not into girls, and she does like the idea of dating a guy eventually. Just not yet. She can't even watch R-rated movies. It's a mystery that I've learned to accept.

"I met an interesting guy today. Not a guy, really, but a man. He had the biggest hands."

She swivels around on the chair, looking more worried than interested.

I continue, "His name is Luca Lowell. He's the guy who bought the Baker Brothers' garage and is turning it into a bike repair shop."

"Bicycles?"

"No. Like Harleys and stuff."

"That does sound manly. Are you going out with him?"

I grab another pillow and hold it to my stomach as I laugh.

She taps away on the keyboard. "Luca Lowell. Found him."

I sit up. "Rory! Not on my computer."

"He won't know. Facebook has your IP address, but they won't give it to him." She keeps clicking and typing. "His photos must be set as private. There. I just friend-requested him."

"As me?"

"No, I'm logged in under... uh... oops."

"Undo!" I yell. "Undo! Undo! Command Z!"

"He already accepted. Don't freak out. You guys have a dozen friends in common already, mostly people from Baker Street. Just tell him it's for business."

I glare at her.

"This isn't fair at all, Rory. You freak out if I make one little suggestion about your love life, but it's fair game to go friend-requesting guys with my account?"

"It was an accident," she says.

"That's a lie, and not a convincing one."

"What's wrong with having a few more friends?"

I narrow my eyes at her.

She widens her eyes, as if to say, bring it.

"Panties," I say.

Her face goes pale and she jumps up from the chair.

"No, you didn't," she says.

I think of her no-no words and form some sentences in my head.

"Hey, Rory. My br**sts feel tender. I need some moist chocolate cake. Would you like to go out for some moist chocolate cake?"

She grabs her coat and purse. "Whatever. I need to get packed anyway. You shouldn't leave your account logged in like that."

"You'd better go before I drop the nuclear bomb."

Her golden brown eyes widen as she backs up toward the door. "You wouldn't."

I drink in the anticipation.

She stares back at me. "It's just a friend request."

"Pussy," I say.

She covers her ears with both hands and runs out before I can drop the nuclear word again.

Chapter 5

Thursday morning, Rory phones me before I leave for work.

"I'm sorry for meddling," she says.

"I accept your apology, and I'm sorry for saying the p-word."

"Good. Did you get any messages from your new friend?"

"No. Nothing. And Luca's profile is weirdly bare. It looks like he only uses the account for business. He's posted a bit about preparing for the garage's grand re-opening, but not much else."

"How did you say you met him?"

"He was buying flowers for someone. I assume it was for his girlfriend. He said it was a woman, and she was mad at him because he did some sort of thing he always does."

There's a pause. "I don't know if I can talk about this."

I gasp. "You think it was a sex thing? Like he was in bed with her, and did some sort of thing that offended her? I can't even imagine. Actually, I can imagine. I'm imagining a lot of things."

There's silence on the other end of the line.

I hold the phone away from my ear and see that the screen is black. Rory probably hung up at the word sex.

I send her a text message apologizing, and then go to work.

Thursday goes by like a typical Thursday.

Friday is no more interesting. I keep hoping Luca will stop in, or post something on Facebook, like a sudden change in relationship status. His profile currently has it set to private, so I can't even see.

On Friday night, I've been thinking about Luca Lowell so much that he comes to visit me in my dreams.

They're very good dreams.

Saturday morning, my alarm clock goes off early. I don't have to work today, but I do have to hit the road.

Today is the beginning of my weekend getaway at a hot springs resort.

Rory won the package through a contest, and was generous enough to take me with her. I pick her up in my car, and I pay for the gas and snacks to get us there.

We check in at the resort before noon, and go straight for lunch. She'll go into the hot springs after we eat, but she won't use the spa packages.

Rory isn't just squeamish about people talking about sex. Her other issue is she can't stand people touching her. She has to cut her own hair, and she takes Valium before dentist appointments.

Since she won't partake in the treatments, that means double the massages for me, which I don't mind.

The rest of Saturday passes in a fog of bliss.

I sleep like a log-a log who dreams about a tall, muscular, gruff-looking man with blue eyes.

At brunch on Sunday, I keep my vivid dreams to myself.

In the afternoon, I go to my next treatment while Rory visits the steam room.

In the treatment room, I'm given my choice of massage therapists.

I make a joke, saying, "I'll take the one with the biggest hands."

The attendant taps at her tablet. "He will be with you in a moment. Please make yourself comfortable on the table."

She gives me a funny little smile, like she thinks I might be requesting a guy on purpose. My brain badgers me with worries.

Tina, now you've done it! This spa chick thinks you want a happy ending. Why'd you ask for someone with big hands? Aren't the sex dreams more than enough for you? What if the spa puts you on some sort of registered pervert list?

I look at the door and think about making an excuse and running out.

But I don't run out.

I'm curious about this massage therapist with the big hands. What would that even feel like? Every guy I've dated has had hands not much bigger than mine. I'm five foot nine, and my boyfriends haven't been tall.

I get onto the table, face down, and cover my butt with the sheet. Minutes pass.

I imagine this mystery guy getting ready, washing his big hands and complaining to his coworkers about having to give yet another happy ending to a horny spa guest.

Unfortunately, now I'm thinking about happy endings.

Even though it's a joke, my body starts to hum with excitement. My body does not understand the difference between a fantasy and a horrifying worst-case scenario.

I'd be mad at my body, but it's been well over a year since I was touched, and my body is game for anything.

The door to the treatment room squeaks open, and someone slips in quietly. I lift my head to take a peek. The man looks like an Olympic skier from Norway. His square jaw and blue eyes remind me of Luca.

I put my face down and give myself a lecture:

Tina, do not moan. This man is a professional, and he's going to give you a professional massage. Keep your mouth shut and keep your happy sounds to yourself. Do you hear me, Tina's body? No wiggling around under his touch.

"My name is Daniel," he says. "Are you enjoying your stay?"

"Yes. I'm here with my girlfriend."

He chuckles. "Girlfriend, hmm?"

I pull my face up from the pads and turn to face Daniel. "Yes, my girlfriend. She's very jealous. That's why I can't get a massage from a girl. That's the only reason I requested a guy."

"Very smart," he says. He gathers up some bottles of oil and sets them on a rolling tray next to the massage table.

Then he gives me a look that says he doesn't believe a word of what I'm saying.

I return my face to the oval-shaped padding and try to relax.

Tina, do not sigh, and do not think about Luca Lowell. Do not imagine those are his big, paint-speckled manly hands on your lower back.

Daniel gets to work, softly explaining each part of the massage as he goes.

"You have some areas of tension," he says.

"Oh?" My voice is muffled in the padding.

"You're going to put me through my paces. Hang on, you're going for a ride."

Hang on? Hang on to what? What ride?

Something whirrs, and the table lowers, moving about a foot closer to the ground.

"Much better," he says. "Now I can really get in there."

I scrunch my eyes shut. There's no way this guy has been through formal training. They would have taught him not to say things like get in there.

"You're so tight," he murmurs.

His hands are on my shoulders, and I know what he means, but still. If I'm not allowed to moan, he's not allowed to say I'm so tight.

"Feel free to vocalize," he says.

"Very good work," I say quickly. "Yes, I'm enjoying this massage exactly how it's going, thank you."

He chuckles and keeps working.

His fingers knead the muscles between my shoulders. Just when the pressure starts to become too much, he moves down. His hands on my spine are a revelation.

My whole body tingles with happiness. My skin feels like it's glowing.

He moves back up to my shoulders, then my upper arms. When his long fingers wrap around my biceps, his hands feel bigger than ever.

Images of Luca come to mind. He's fixing a bike, and there's dark oil on his hands. He looks up when I walk in. I'm wearing a tight shirt and sexy black leather pants, like former good girl Sandy in the end of the movie Grease.

This is all happening in my imagination, where I don't look at all ridiculous in my leather pants. Luca stands and crosses to the sink to wash his hands. I tell him not to bother washing up, because I can't wait. And I want to feel dirty. So dirty.

"You look good," he growls.

"Tell me about it, stud."

His upper lip curling up, he grabs a loose rag and gives his palms a quick wipe as he walks toward me. His hands are magically clean. He reaches down and grabs my ass. My ass feels like a million bucks in my tight leather pants.

He groans near my ear, "Your ass feels like a million bucks."

"I know."

I jump up and wrap my legs around him. He catches me with perfect timing. We start kissing, and he carries me over to the wall. He keeps kissing me, but he's also looking over at the calendar on the wall next to us.

I get mad at him for looking at one of his pin-up girls. He laughs and pulls the calendar off the wall to show me. It's not some model, but a picture of me. I totally forgot how I hired a boudoir photographer and made that calendar for him!

He tosses the calendar aside and returns to kissing my lips and neck, all the while grinding into me against the wall. Magically, our pants disappear. The pants are gone. And then...

"Are you asleep?" a male voice asks.

My eyes fly open, taking in a limited view of the slate tile floor. I can see the massage guy's feet. He's wearing socks with sandals. Total turn-off.

"I think you were asleep just now," he says.

I moan groggily. "Maybe I did drift off."

"You sounded like you were having a good dream. You were moaning."

I lift my head up to give him a stern look. "I dreamed I was eating pancakes."

"Don't worry," he says, quirking his eyebrows. "I won't tell your girlfriend."

"She was in the dream, too."

Grinning, he walks over to the sink and starts washing his hands. The massage is finished. "Let me know if you need anything else," he says.

I shoo him away with one hand. "You've done more than enough, Mr. Big Hands," I mutter under my breath.

After he leaves, I sit up and wait a minute for my sinuses to clear. Humans weren't made to lie face-down.

I grab my robe and head to the changing room.

That was absolutely the best massage I've ever had in my life, but now I'm miserable.

I'm miserable because I can't afford two hundred dollars to get touched like that every week. Even if I did have the money... yuck. Just yuck. Paying Mr. Big Hands to touch me is just wrong.

I get dressed, doing some mental math.

Technically, I could afford this about once a month, if I cut back on shopping.

Dressed again, I walk out to the cafe, where Rory is already seated for high tea.

"Your face is weird." She pours me some cinnamon-scented tea.

I rub my forehead. "These lines will disappear after I drink some water. I'm probably dehydrated."

"No, I mean you've got a goofy look on your face. It's a look I haven't seen in a long time."

I use the silver tongs to transfer a tiny cucumber sandwich from the tray to my plate. "Okay," I say, barely paying attention.

The food looks good, and I'm starving. I could eat a hundred of these tiny sandwiches. I could grab them by the fistful and stuff them all into my mouth, Godzilla style.

Rory leans in and whispers, "Did that massage guy... touch you?"

"Yes, Rory. That's pretty much the definition of a massage. They have to touch you."

"You know what I mean."

"No, he didn't touch my p-word."

Rory makes a gagging face, then drops the subject.

We finish our tea, pack up our suitcases, and check out again.

The sun is setting as we start the drive back home.

I feel tired, but also rejuvenated. Rory's skin looks great from the sauna.

"Thanks for bringing me with you," I say once we're on the highway. "You know you could have sold the prize for cash, but I really appreciate you bringing me."

She's quiet, and I pull my eyes off the road to look at her.

Rory is crying silently, tears glistening on her cheeks.

My throat tightens. Rory almost never cries.

"What's wrong?" I return to facing the road, giving her some privacy.

She sniffs. "I didn't win the getaway. I bought it to cheer you up, because you always get so sad this time of year."

My eyes burn, and now I'm on the verge of crying.

"You didn't have to do that," I say softly.

We drive for a while in silence. The sun is gone, and the sky is cool blue, and getting darker.

After a while, I say, "Thank you for this weekend, Rory. You know I love you, right? You're my boo."

She sniffs again.

"I'm holding you back," she says.

"Don't be silly."

"You should have a boyfriend. You're pretty and smart and funny. And you don't have some major psychological issue that prevents you from kissing or holding hands. All our other friends are moving on, getting married, having kids. The only reason you're still single is me."

"I wouldn't say that's the only reason."

She turns and climbs over the seats to get the tissue box from the back window. She returns and blows her nose.

We drive in silence. The inside of the car feels cozy compared to the midnight blue around us.

"I should let you go," she says.

I laugh nervously. "Rory, are you breaking up with me?"

"We should take some time apart."

I don't know whether to laugh or cry. I've been single for a year, and I'm still getting dumped. Life isn't fair.

She sniffs again. "Or you could go on some dates," she says. "Maybe once a week. Then I'll know I'm not holding you back."

I stare at the dotted yellow line on the highway, thinking over what she's said.

"I love this song," she says, turning up the radio.

It's a woman singing a cover of Fields of Gold, by Sting.

The lyrics are about someone asking to be remembered when they're gone.

The song reminds me of my first love, who died two months after graduation. But that's because every sad song reminds me of him.

Whatever's holding me back, I don't think it's Rory.

Chapter 6

It's been two weeks since my massage at the resort. I've been thinking about Mr. Big Hands. A lot.

Monday morning, I'm lost in my head, walking down Baker Street on my way to open the store. A sign in a window catches my eye:

Massage Therapist On Duty Monday-Friday

There's a massage therapist working at the chiropractor's office. Of course there is. I wouldn't need to drive out to the hot springs to get a massage.

I linger at the window, trying to get a peek inside. I wonder if the therapist is a guy or a girl.

There's a brochure-holder box near the front door, full of brochures and business cards. A bunch of the shops around here set out material like this, for the people who come by the restaurants in the evening.

I'm reaching for a card when I hear a deep male voice.

"What on earth are you doing?"

I jerk back my hand guiltily and turn to see Luca Lowell. He's wearing biker boots, jeans, and a plain gray shirt that's straining to contain all his muscles. There's something different about his handsome face. His hair's a bit longer, letting its waves show, but he's less scruffy today. He's clean shaven, with kissable smooth cheeks.

One thing hasn't changed. Those bright blue eyes of his are once again taking my breath away.

I stammer,"Wha-what am I doing? Nothing. Just walking to work."

He lowers his head and gives me a chiding look. "You don't seem to be in any hurry. That explains why I've been out in front of your shop for the last ten minutes, waiting for you to open."

"The hours posted on the door are more like guidelines. That's why there's a little star-shaped symbol next to all the times. The hours are flexible."

He gives me a sideways look. "Are you going to get over there and help me out, or not?"

I jump into walking again. "Right this way, sir."

He walks beside me to the end of the block, and we wait for the light to change before crossing the street. It's a gorgeous spring day. The morning sun hits the planes of Luca's face, turning it into a masterpiece.

"What have you been up to?" he asks as we cross the street.

I press my lips together.

Tina, do not tell him about your new daydreams. Don't tell him about your plan of paying a massage therapist to rub your back while you imagine having dirty garage sex with Luca. Don't think about putting on sexy clothes and posing like a pin-up model for a custom calendar. Don't even say the words model, calendar, or massage. Don't say anything.

"Do you like massages?" I ask.

"Are you offering?"

"Sure. We've got a promotion, where you get a massage after your tenth flower purchase." I laugh at what is probably the stupidest joke any human has ever made.

Luca gives me a pity chuckle.

We've reached the door to the flower shop. I pull out my keys and pretend I don't notice the flirty look he's giving me.

I push open the door, and Luca follows me into the cool interior.

"Chilly," he says.

I start laughing.

"What?" He looks at me like I'm very strange. He's not wrong, I guess. I did offer him a massage. And I've already planned six of the twelve pin-up photos I'd take for his imaginary calendar.

"It's just funny to hear a big, tough guy like you say the word chilly."

We walk in past the ferns, which tickle my bare arms. I'm wearing a flower-print sundress today, and gladiator-style sandals.

He says, "I'll have to watch what I say around you. I'll stick to big-tough-guy words, like bullets, and barbed wire, and battleships."

I flick on the lights and pivot to face him.

"Bullets, barbed wire, and battleships? You could put those three things together and make a great tattoo."

He laughs. "That's a good idea, but I don't believe in tattoos."

"What are you talking about?" I laugh and reach out to squeeze his forearm. "How can you not believe in tattoos?"

He looks down at my hand on his arm.

Tina, you're touching his arm. You asked him if he likes massages, and now you're forcing one on him. Bad Tina! Let go of his arm. Stop squeezing his muscle. It's real, it's spectacular, and it's not yours to squeeze.

His eyes flick up from my hand to my eyes. "Nothing against other people's choices, but I prefer my skin exactly how it is," he says calmly.

I pat his arm and look down at his skin. The fine hairs are almost golden in color. I pull my hand away.

"You have very nice skin," I say. "You don't need anything else. You're perfect, exactly how you are."

He turns and walks over to the sliding doors that run across the walk-in cooler. "I'm not perfect," he says, his back to me. "Which is why I'm here today. I need more of those apology flowers."

"Already? It's only been two weeks since your last one."

"Different woman."

I swallow hard. The only thing worse than learning Luca has a girlfriend is learning that he has two.

I pull down some vases from the upper shelves behind the counter and set them out. Then I grab some of the freshest-looking blossoms from the last auction and start trying color combinations.

Luca watches quietly, not offering more information.

"You're dating two women at once?" I ask.

"Is that what you wanted to know about when you sent me a friend request?"

"My friend Rory did that. She was on my computer. I'm so sorry. I was going to unfriend you, but that's so rude."

He grins. "I don't really do Facebook or any of that kid stuff."

"Good. Then you didn't see all my embarrassing photos."

"I wouldn't say that." His grin gets wider. "You've got a lot of pictures of your cat."

"Muffin. He's a great cat. He does not like taking a bath. His favorite activities are sleeping in sunbeams and hiding twist-ties in people's shoes."

Luca leans over to take a close look at the peach-colored roses between us. "To answer your question, no. I would never date two women at once. Even just one takes up so much time." He points to the cobalt blue vase. "This one will do."

I grab a knife and whittle away at a green insert so it fits in the vase.

"Luca, the thing is... never mind."

"What? More dating advice?" He stretches out his arms. "Hit me. Don't hold back now. I won't tell anyone you're giving free relationship counseling over here without a license. We have florist-client confidentiality."

I stab the green insert a few more times, then drop it in the vase.

"It's just that... if you really love someone, they're not taking up your time. Sitting in traffic takes up your time. Waiting in line takes up your time. But being around someone you care about is a gift."

His eyebrows bunch together, and he stares steadily into me with those sky-blue eyes.

"How did you get to be so wise?" he asks.

"I knew someone who didn't have much time, and he chose to spend it with the people he loved."

Luca pushes his hands into his jean pockets and looks down at his boots.

"I'll take that under advisement," he says softly.

The door chimes, and another regular customer comes in.

I put on my professional florist face. "When do you need the arrangement ready by, Mr. Lowell?"

"How about closing time again? You're here until six?"

"I'll have your order ready. Would you like anything written on a card?"

He tosses his chin upward cockily. "The usual."

He turns and walks out.

The other customer is still looking around, so I pull out a notecard and write the usual:

SORRY I'M A JERK. - LUCA

I crease the card and tuck it into an envelope.

I wonder what he did this time.

Chapter 7

Wednesday morning, I hustle to get all the flower orders done quickly.

On my way in this morning, I bought a bag of hard candies and two trashy gossip magazines that I intend to read from cover to cover.

My flowers are all taken care of now.

With a happy sigh, I pull the stool up to the counter.

I settle in and flip open the magazine cover.

The front door chimes.

Luca comes in, looking unhappy. Handsome as always, but unhappy.

"I have a complaint to lodge," he says.

"Your lady friend didn't like the arrangement I made you on Monday?"

"She loved it." He keeps frowning at me.

"And?" I wave to the magazine open on the counter between us. "As you can see, this article about the bad boy Prince of Wales isn't going to read itself." I lean forward and whisper, "He's always got something going on. Right under the Queen's nose."

"You weren't here on Monday at closing."

"My sister Megan and I share all the shifts here. She took over after lunch that day. Did she do or say something wrong? She was probably just making a joke. Some people don't get her humor."

"She was perfectly nice, but she's not you."

"We do share a lot of genetic material. Therefore, she's more like me than the other six or seven billion people on this planet."

"Then I should ask your sister to go out with me."

I look down and pretend to read the article about Prince Harry. Luca's way too hot to be serious. He's playing a joke on me, and I'm not falling for it.

"Sure, ask away. I don't think she's seeing anyone right now."

"How about you? Are you seeing anyone?"

I grab my other magazine and the hard candy from behind the counter. "Just my Prince, and this bag of future dental work."

"You'll be finished eating those candies long before Friday. Come out with me for drinks."

"What kind of drinks?" I keep my gaze down on my magazine. If I look into Luca's striking blue eyes, I'll get the giggles and agree to anything.

"We could call it networking drinks," he says. "You were right about the people around here hating me. They're all pissed about losing their service garage. I was thinking that since you have the remarkable ability to spot all my many shortcomings a mile away, you can tell me everything I'm doing wrong."

"Sure. Don't change the name of the shop."

"I don't understand."

"Keep calling the place Baker Brothers. Add on a smaller sign saying you specialize in bikes. You can keep doing some oil changes on cars for a few years, until people get used to you. When you get too busy for cars, find some other places to refer the business to. Don't just tell people to look in the phone book or online. They hate that. Go out and try some other garages, then refer people to one that you personally vouch for."

He's very quiet for a moment, then says, "You've put a lot of thought into this."

I glance up, and I'm snared by his eyes.

"Forget drinks," he says gruffly. "I'll buy you dinner. Anything you want."

"Friday's no good. I'm busy." This is about as big a lie as any I've said inside this flower shop, almost as brash as saying I like Baby's Breath in floral arrangements.

"We could get an early dinner, or a late one. I'll work around your busy schedule of magazine-reading."

"Some other time."

"Today's only Wednesday," he says. "Maybe you'll change your mind by Friday."

"Anything could happen."

He nods his head at the candies. "Those are the fruity ones with the soft centers."

I open the bag and offer some to him.

Luca plucks out a half dozen candies, all blueberry.

"Those are the best ones," I say.

He waggles his eyebrows. "I know."

"Thanks for leaving me... one."

He reaches in and takes the last blueberry candy.

"We'll talk again," he says, and then he walks out, boots thudding on the floor. I stare after him helplessly. His butt looks so good in those jeans that I wish he'd walk slower.

I unwrap a lemon candy and stick it in my mouth.

What the hell just happened?

First of all, I was robbed of my blueberry candies.

Second, I think Luca Lowell asked me out on a date. He made it sound like it was about business, and then like it wasn't.

I smack my hands to my face. I said no.

What is wrong with me?

My sister walks in. She doesn't even say hello before she dives for my candy.

"Megan, I think Luca Lowell just asked me out. He came in today, and he didn't buy flowers. He asked me out for drinks."

She gives me side-eye. "He was asking me about you when he picked up his flowers Monday. We are talking about the super hot guy who bought the garage?"

"Yes."

She strikes a bodybuilder pose. "With the big muscles?"

"Yes."

"And dreamy blue eyes like a prairie sky in the summer?"

I laugh. "Yes."

"He's kinda big. Maybe you should share him with me."

I pull away the candy bag before she takes them all.

She giggles. "Just kidding. He's all yours, sis. When are you going on this date?"

"I said no."

She looks thoughtful for a minute. "Okay. Yup. That makes sense." She points to the fresh-cut parrot tulips on display and quickly changes the topic. "Those are gorgeous, but the yellow and red together makes me think of hot dogs."

"What do you mean it makes sense that I said no to Luca? Is there something wrong with me?"

Megan takes my magazine. "There's nothing wrong with you. I'm glad you're not being stupid. He's really charming, and so hot, but we don't know him."

"His Facebook profile is all business. Nothing else. I've sold him flowers twice, and that's it."

She looks up from the magazine, her green eyes crinkling at the edges with her smile. "At least he buys flowers. That's a good sign."

"Except he was buying apology flowers for a woman he pissed off." I cough. "Technically, two different women."

The smiling crinkle leaves her eyes. "Ouch."

"Exactly."

I turn and start gathering my purse and things so I can go home.

She flips through the magazine. "Oh, Prince Harry. You naughty boy. Tsk, tsk."

"Do you think Luca's out of my league?" I ask. "Assuming whatever he did to have to buy those flowers wasn't too bad."

"Luca Lowell? He's in his own league."

That wasn't the answer I was hoping for. My insides twist up with negative emotions.

My voice flat, I say, "Thanks a lot."

She grabs my arm as I walk by her on my way out. "Tina, I'm sorry. I just meant that he's not your usual type."

I shake my arm away. "Whatever."

She calls after me half-heartedly, but I don't turn back.

Chapter 8

Thursday morning, I'm shocked by what I find when I open the flower shop.

"We've been robbed," I gasp.

The shelves have been stripped bare of flowers. Only a few potted plants remain.

I run to check the cash register. It's full of money.

The slot where we keep receipts is full of paper-all receipts dated yesterday afternoon.

I look over at the calendar. Was yesterday some holiday or event I forgot about? Nope. Just a regular Wednesday.

Did we run an advertisement or sale? I pull out my phone to call my sister.

"What?" She sounds sleepy.

"Megan! What the hell happened yesterday? And if the store was so busy, why didn't you call me to come in and help? I would have come in, you dummy. You sold this stuff all by yourself?"

"Not exactly," she says slowly.

"Was it a last-minute big event? No, because then you wouldn't have all these little receipts."

She snorts with laughter. "You don't know, do you?"

I growl into the phone, "MEENIE!"

She growls back, "TEENIE."

"You're not going to tell me, are you?"

"I'm going back to sleep. Have a nice day!"

She's gone.

I put my phone away and pull out the box of phone numbers for suppliers. I need to get more flowers in before our regular Friday delivery.

The door chimes, and in walks Luca Lowell. With the grin on his face, he's the walking embodiment of Mr. Tall Smug and Handsome.

"You're welcome," he says.

I wave at the empty shelves. "You did this? I should have known."

He comes up and leans on the counter casually. He hasn't shaved in a few days, and he's got reddish brown hair dotting his square jaw. I'm hit with the urge to run my fingers through his wavy brown hair, where it curls around his ear. There's something about his scruffiness that makes me want to touch him, even more than when he's clean-shaven.

"Put that away," he says, pointing to the supplier cards in my hands. "Your sister already super-sized the new order that's coming in Friday morning. She's a funny one, your sister."

"Megan?" I snort. "Real funny."

"She told me your nicknames are Teenie and Meenie. That's just about the cutest thing I've ever heard, and I'm not a man who uses the word cutest lightly."

"Sounds like you and Megan are best friends now. What happened here yesterday after I left?"

He scratches his scruffy chin, acting comfortable and casual around me. I, however, am standing tall and rigid with my arms crossed sternly.

He explains, "All my guys have been working hard to get the renovation done. Their wives and girlfriends haven't been too happy. Yesterday, I told them they could knock off early. But only if they swung by here and picked up something to bring home."

"They cleaned us out."

He chuckles and looks over the empty shelves. "I wouldn't be surprised if there's a baby boom nine months from now."

"Well, thank you. Gardenia Flowers appreciates the business."

"You're welcome. Grab your purse. Do you like omelets, or waffles?"

I blink up at Luca's blue eyes. Is he inviting me out for breakfast?

"Come on," he says. "Your sister said you could. You don't have any flowers to sell, so put a sign on the door, and let's go get some breakfast. I haven't eaten at Delilah's yet, and I hear it's good."

My mouth waters a little.

"Okay," I say.

I quickly write up a sign for the door and lock up.

Luca starts walking in the wrong direction.

"Delilah's is up this way," I say.

"I've got a lot to learn." He turns and catches up with me easily, thanks to his long strides.

The guy must be six foot three, at least. I'm not short, but I feel short next to him. I'm five foot nine, which is an inch shorter than standard height for models.

I did some modeling in my early teens, just for local malls and catalogs. I really thought I might have a career in modeling, but then I stopped growing. Naturally, I did the exact opposite of modeling, and got into wrestling.

I catch our reflection in the shop windows we pass by. We look like we could be a couple.

He's wearing his usual boots and jeans. I'm wearing my favorite sandals, with leggings and a long tunic-style shirt that covers my butt. The shirt is teal, and I'm wearing it with a green belt. Teal makes my green eyes look closer to blue, so I wear this color a lot.

I'm only thinking about my clothes because Luca keeps looking over at me. His mouth moves, like he's on the verge of saying something about how I look, but he stops short of commenting.

What he doesn't know is that ever since he first walked into the flower store a few weeks ago, I've stepped up my game. Instead of throwing on shorts and whatever shirt isn't wrinkled, I spend time picking out clothes. Just in case he comes in.

He grins at me. "You're thinking about something good," he says. "You've got mischief all over your face."

I rub my stomach. "Just thinking about waffles."

We arrive at Delilah's. The restaurant is impossible to miss, with its eight-foot-tall teapot perched high above the door. The building sits on the corner of the block, and is a local landmark.

We walk in, and the waitress seats us in a big corner booth. This booth is normally reserved for larger parties, but the place is quiet since it's Thursday morning. On the weekend, the brunch lineup practically circles the block.

"That was quite the teapot over the door," Luca says.

I look over the menu and tell him what I know about the teapot. Years ago, when I was a kid, Delilah's had a flat teapot made out of plywood. They upgraded to a three-dimensional teapot when some kids from the art college offered to make it as their final project. I understand it's made from styrofoam, and coated with a hardener.

The waitress brings tea for me and coffee for Luca, then takes our order.

Now my mind's on styrofoam, so I tell Luca about my adventures trying to cut letters for a sign for the flower shop. You can't cut the foam with a knife, because it shreds apart. You have to use a hot wire, but nobody's hand is steady enough to cut it straight. Most commercial signs are cut by lasers these days.

Luca interrupts me, saying, "You sure talk a lot about styrofoam for a first date."

I nearly choke on the tea I'm sipping.

"Honestly, it's been a while," I say. "Is this a date? I thought you wanted to pump me for information about the locals."

His eyebrows quirk up. "This counts as a date. This is number one."

"Oh, we're counting. Interesting." I bite my lower lip and fiddle around with the tea bag in my pot.

"Number one," he says.

Now my brain is screaming at me:

Tina, he's counting! This is number one. You know what happens on date number four. You read it in Cosmopolitan magazine! Date number four is when he grabs you and your pants magically disappear. Try not to think about treating Luca's body like your personal jungle gym.

"Your sister said you don't date very much," Luca says. He's speaking softly, but his voice is so deep and rich that it cuts easily through my internal chatter.

"I don't."

"Your sister didn't say why."

"I go on a lot of first dates, but not second dates. Do people really date anymore? I've had a few boyfriends, but it seems like this gradual transition you don't notice. One minute we're just friends, like in a group of friends, and then we're together."

"And then what?" His sky-blue eyes are locked on me. His focus and presence is almost overwhelming. He's not just making conversation, waiting for his next chance to talk.

He's listening.

My eyes burn and my chest aches. I don't know if I can handle this. He's too intense.

I look over at the door. I'll make an excuse and leave. This was a bad idea.

The waitress arrives with our food.

"I hear you're the one who bought the garage," she says to Luca.

He turns and gives her a charming smile. "We'll be re-opening soon."

The waitress looks about fifty. I can see she's charmed by Luca in person, but she's just old enough not to collapse in a pile of giggles.

"I've been taking my Honda to Baker Brothers since the day I bought it," she says. There's an edge to her voice, like she's more than willing to give up her tip in exchange for expressing her feelings.

Luca gives me a quick wink before turning back to her.

"I hope you'll keep bringing your Honda in," he says. "We'll have some service bays dedicated to bikes, but I plan to retain all the loyal Baker Brothers customers."

She's warming up. "Really?"

He turns up the sunshine. "It's my personal pledge, to keep you satisfied."

The waitress practically melts for him. She twirls a lock of dyed-auburn hair around her finger and asks if he'd like more coffee.

"Whenever you get a minute," he says.

"I'll brew a fresh pot."

After she's gone, I say, "You could charm the pants right off a pants salesman."

He laughs. "I'll take that as a compliment. And thank you again for talking to me about the locals. I was on the fence about keeping a bay for servicing cars, but you did your own magic, and talked my pants right off."

"Then you talked my pants off and got me to play hookie from work and have breakfast with you."

"And now neither of us is wearing any pants at all."

I pick up my utensils and contemplate a plan of attack for my giant waffle.

"Who needs pants," I say.

"Pants just get in the way," he agrees.

"For our next date, pants are optional."

He murmurs a wordless agreement.

My eyes widen in horror at my big mouth. I dig into the waffle to quiet myself.

Tina, do not think about pants-optional activities with Luca. Do not think about kissing him, or any of the jungle gym stuff. Calm down, girl. This is only date one.

And besides, there's something very wrong with Luca that you haven't yet uncovered. He's always sending women flowers to apologize. Take it slow and figure out what's wrong with him before you even consider going pants-optional.

Luca's fork and knife squeak on his plate. I look over at his plate. The white dish is nearly bare. His omelet and hash browns are gone.

I watch as he inhales a triangle-shaped piece of toast in two bites. The man eats food like he's angry at it.

He sees me watching, and slows down, in a self-conscious way.

I eat my waffle and watch with amusement as he carefully spreads marmalade on the remaining slices of toast.

I can't take my eyes off his hands. His finger doesn't fit through the tiny handle on the coffee cup, so he holds the cup in one hand. The small white cup disappears in his palm.

I'd like to disappear in those hands.

"How long have you been at the flower shop?" he asks.

"My mother bought it when I was five. I've never worked anywhere else."

"College?"

"I've started a few different courses. Nothing finished."

"Starting things is easy. Finishing is tough."

"How about you? College?"

He winces. "This and that. I did an apprenticeship in Australia for a year."

"You're the exact opposite of me. I've never left the country. My life must seem claustrophobic to you."

He studies me quietly for a moment.

I chew and swallow a bite of my food. I'm full now, so I set down my utensils and push the plate away.

"What's Australia like?" I ask.

"I'll buy you a book." He grins. "How are you liking this date?"

"I think it's going well."

"If I ask you to go to the paint store with me and pick out paint colors, will that count as date number two?"

"No, it would just be a continuation of this date, number one."

He looks up and nods for the waitress to bring us the bill.

"In that case, I'd better be on my way. Since you're busy Friday, how about we get together Saturday? Let's do something crazy, like go to a movie."

"A movie? That's not crazy, Luca."

"You'll see." He hands me his phone. "Punch your address in there and I'll pick you up at eight."

I start typing in my address. He's filed me in his contacts as Tina Great Legs Nice Smile Kinda Bossy.

I glance up and see that he's grinning. He meant for me to see that.

Chapter 9

My best friend, Rory, pulls a hot cookie sheet full of cheese-covered nacho chips from my oven.

She's got a hair net over her dark, curly hair. Most people would find the hair net odd, but Rory works in catering, and seeing hair in food makes her scream.

"Your oven is ridiculous," she says.

The chips have all slid to one side, because the oven is a tiny European model. A regular stove wouldn't fit in the kitchen. With this stove, the baking trays I own will only fit when propped up at a ten degree angle.

"You're ridiculous," I answer, because that's one of our little games. She'll make a comment about something, and I'll turn it around to be about her.

It's Saturday, and she's hanging out with me until Luca comes over at eight.

She tucks the hair net away in her pocket and shakes out her curly dark hair. The white streak peeks through. Her hair is a few shades darker than mine, and she's got one streak of white that occasionally reveals itself. She used to color the streak dark, just so people wouldn't ask if she had paint in her hair, but she's stopped worrying about that lately.

She keeps looking over at the clock on my fireplace mantle, amidst my photos. Her checking the time is making me nervous. She might stick around so she can meet Luca, but it's more likely she'll freak out and run off before he arrives.

"I changed my mind," she says. "You can't go on any dates. I won't be able to relax until you tell me you're back home, safe and sound."

"Don't worry, Rory. I'm not going to let him touch my undergarments."

She bristles visibly at the mention of undergarments. I haven't said any of her dreaded words, such as panties or bra, but the idea alone is enough to bother her.

We take our seats at the round table overlooking the back yard and start eating our nachos.

After a moment, she says, "Promise me you won't move to Australia with him."

We both look over at the big coffee table book Luca dropped off for me at the flower shop on Friday. It's a collection of photos showing the diversity of Australia.

"He just bought a garage on Baker Street," I assure her. "He's not going anywhere. And neither am I."

"There's something wrong with him. I have a bad feeling."

"Well, I have a good feeling."

She narrows her eyes at me. "You have a party feeling in your you-know-what."

"Maybe I do." I don't say it, but I'm surprised Rory was able to make a vague reference to sexual desire. I wonder if she's making progress with her phobias.

We eat quietly. It's coming up on seven-thirty.

I can't help myself, so I ask Rory, "Do you ever get a party feeling in your you-know-what?"

She looks up, her golden-brown eyes wide and horrified. For a moment, I think she's going to throw up, but she doesn't. She stands, grabs her bag, and lets herself out the door without a word.

I finish eating, brush my teeth, and fuss around with my hair.

The intercom connected to the main house buzzes. I groan, because I know exactly what's happened. Luca ignored my directions, just like every pizza delivery guy does, and went to the main house.

I grab my purse and run out to meet him.

He's standing on the front step, talking to my sister. They're laughing about their shared adventure, selling out the flower shop on Wednesday.

"There's our Teenie," he says. "Thanks, Meenie." He gives her a nod goodbye. She waves at me and disappears into the house.

"You clean up good," I say, looking him up and down. He's wearing a button-down shirt with dress slacks and stylish leather shoes. I feel underdressed in my flower-print sundress, topped in a cardigan.

"And I see you brought the flower shop with you."

I look down, frowning at my dress.

"My best friend Rory didn't like it, either," I say.

"That was meant to be a compliment," he says.

"Thank you. What movie are we going to see?"

"It's a surprise." He offers me his elbow in an old-fashioned sort of way.

I tuck my hand into the crook of his arm and walk with him to the street.

He steers us over to an old-fashioned-looking motorbike and hands me a helmet.

A bike. I should have known. And I'm wearing a dress.

The sun has just gone down, and the world around us is midnight blue.

I'm nervous to get on a motorbike for the first time in my life, but one look into Luca's eyes makes me feel confident. He's not some punk kid who's going to drive fast to impress or terrify me. I can trust him.

He helps me fasten the helmet's buckle under my chin, his hands enveloping mine.

He turns and throws one long, muscled leg over the bike. I climb on behind him.

My heart's pounding.

I'm on a motorbike, with my arms wrapped around Luca Lowell. I'm about as nervous as Rory would be at a performance of the Vagina Monologues.

He starts the bike's engine, and the night air fills with a deep rumble. The vibration between my legs is... interesting.

We're off, riding down the street.

The skirt of my dress ruffles up in the breeze, and I'm sure everyone's getting a great view of my panties, but I don't even mind. I've got my arms around Luca's big, strong torso, and I don't want to ever let go.

We ride past the local movie theater. I try to ask him where he's taking me, but he doesn't hear me over the rumble.

Eventually, we pull off the main road and ride into another residential neighborhood. He pulls up behind a giant, white trailer and parks the bike.

My legs feel like they're shaking when I step off the bike. The engine's off, but I can still feel the rumbling vibration in my body.

I look around us, at the big trailers, catering truck, and filming equipment.

He said he would take me to a movie, and he did. We're on a film set.

I pull off my helmet and run my fingers through my wavy hair.

He ruffles up his hair as well. Damn. It's the sexiest thing I've ever seen. No wonder people ride bikes.

"Are we allowed to be here?" I ask, glancing over at the elaborate filming setup that's taken over the block.

"We're invited," he says. "I'm renting them some bikes from my collection. They said to come by tonight and watch. We don't have to stay long if you're not having fun."

"Are you kidding? This is awesome."

He offers me his elbow again, and we walk toward the action, stepping over thick cables criss-crossing the ground.

Luca finds some people he knows, and they set us up with some folding chairs, right near the action. We watch as the crew sets up a shot, taking a hundred measurements and notes, and then a bell rings and they're filming.

The scene is a guy picking up a girl at her house, then driving away on a motorbike that looks almost exactly like the one we rode here on.

Luca turns to me, his blue eyes looking pale grey in the artificial light. "I was really hoping for a kiss."

I lean over and kiss him, right on the lips.

He pulls away, looking surprised. "I meant in the shot they're filming. It's an action-romance movie."

I cover my mouth with my fingertips, mortified.

He grins. "If I'd known getting a kiss from you was so easy, I would have asked sooner."

"Oh, Luca." I shake my head, still so embarrassed.

Someone with a headset approaches us with takeout cups. There's one coffee, and one tea. After the girl walks away, Luca takes the tea from my hands and sets it down on the ground, on the other side of his chair.

He slides over toward me on his chair, so his h*ps and legs are in contact with mine.

"You cold?" he asks, his chest rumbling.

"Not bad. I'm glad I wore a sweater."

He wraps one long arm around my shoulders. He's not wearing a jacket, so the heat of his arm comes through his shirt and warms my shoulders.

He reaches up with his free hand and softly strokes my jaw. I almost can't believe he's touching me, but he is.

I tilt my head up to face him. He leans down slowly, his eyelids lowering. I close my eyes, and he kisses me.

Bells are ringing. It's the sound they make on set, either when the filming starts or ends-I can't remember.

He kisses me, and every kind of bell I've ever heard goes off.

His lips are full, and envelop my lips. I'm hesitant, until he coaxes my lips into movement. Once I start, there's no holding back. His gorgeous lips feel as good as they look.

His hand moves away from my chin and down to my bare leg. He squeezes the spot above my knee, then slides up one heavenly inch.

My lips part, and his tongue greets mine. Our tongues are shy at first, like two kids meeting on a playground. We take tentative licks and bumps, then move on to playful tongue wrestling.

His hand slides up my leg, one more inch. My whole body is thrumming, like it did when I stepped off the bike.

More bells are ringing.

His hand lifts off my leg and cups my breast.

I suck in my breath and pull away from the kiss.

He quickly pulls his hand away and mutters an apology, shaking his head. "Too much for the second date," he says.

We both look around. It feels like every single one of the dozens of cast and crew on the set is looking at us. I'm sure it's only three or four people, but it feels like all of them.

He leans away from me, picks up the beverage containers, and hands me one.

I sip my drink and pretend to be really interested in what the lighting technician is doing.

My head is light, and my whole body is reeling from that kiss. Can this whole evening really be happening? It's like a dream, and I don't want to wake up.

I take a few sips of my tea and enjoy the confusion and magic of this post-kiss moment.

I'm half-way through the cup when I realize it's not tea.

I lean over and whisper, "Luca, I think I'm drinking your coffee."

We trade cups, laughing over the fact neither of us notice sooner.

"I thought the coffee was just really weak," he says.

"And I thought they brewed my tea using a goat's backside."

He chuckles. "You're not a coffee fan."

"Is that supposed to be good coffee?"

He takes a sip and looks thoughtful. "I don't know. You've ruined me forever. All I can taste is your lips."

"I'm sure the feeling will pass."

He gazes down at my mouth. "I don't want it to."

I angle my body away from him, aware of all the people around us. They seem bored with the slow setup between filming takes, and happy to watch me and Luca for entertainment.

"Let me finish my tea before it gets cold," I say.

"I can't drink this coffee if you think it tastes like a goat's backside. You won't kiss me again if I do."

"It was nice enough on your lips."

He grabs my cup, and dumps both the tea and the coffee on the grass next to us.

"Problem solved," he says, and he pulls me into another kiss.

I try to complain about my tea, but his lips smother my words.

I give in to the moment, not caring who's watching.

His kisses are incredible.

Hours pass pleasantly.

After two hours of making out and watching the filming, Luca drives me back home.

We've kissed so much, my lips are actually the tiniest bit sore.

I hold on tight on the way home, savoring the feeling of him wrapped in my arms. I don't want the ride to end, but it does.

We kiss goodnight in front of the main house, standing on the lawn.

"Luca, I had a wonderful time, but I'm not going to invite you in."

He looks over my shoulder. "I wouldn't want to go in anyway. Your family's nice, but nosy. Your sister's watching us from the window."

I turn and wave at Megan. She waves back, and doesn't leave the window.

I shake my head. "Sorry about that. She's probably making popcorn for the second half."

"There's a second half?"

I stand up on my toes and reach up to his neck, pulling him down to me.

He kisses me eagerly, running his fingers through my hair. My curls mean my hair isn't the easiest for a guy to run his fingers through, so he moves to my back.

His big, warm hands move up and down my back, like he's worried I might disappear if he stops touching me.

After a satisfying second half of goodnight kissing, I pull away and give him a shy smile.

"Thanks for taking me to see a movie."

"Are you free this Wednesday night?"

I pretend to think about it for a minute before saying yes.

Chapter 10

On Wednesday, Luca Lowell takes me out for dinner at a restaurant that's just opened up. I feel like the prettiest girl in the world when I'm on his arm.

This is our third date, and he keeps dropping that fact into conversation.

"This is really the third one?" I ask, feigning forgetfulness.

"And the best one yet." He yawns and rubs his eyes. "Sorry about that. This restaurant is too dark."

"I'll take it as a compliment that you feel relaxed around me."

He smiles, his face looking weary. "I barely slept last night. Maybe two hours. Anyone who says renovations are easy is a liar. They're also not fun, or cheap, or fast."

"You were at the garage late?"

He rubs his eyes again, hiding another yawn behind his hand. "Lying awake in bed. One of my contractors has an alcohol abuse problem. By which I mean he drinks on the job and abuses my brand-new walls. I had to let him go."

"Yikes. Is there anything I can help you with?"

"You're sweet. I bet you don't even know what side of a hammer is for hitting the nail."

I bat my eyelashes. "What's a hammer?"

The waiter comes by to clear our dinner plates.

"May I interest you in dessert?" the waiter asks.

"Let's start with a triple espresso," Luca says.

I wave at the waiter. "No, no, no. Cancel that. No triple espresso." I give Luca a serious look. "You'll never sleep tonight if you have that now."

The waiter looks at me, then Luca, and says to him, "Your wife is right. No caffeine after noon."

Luca frowns at both of us. "Wife? I thought the customer was always right," he says.

I slump down in my chair, dying of embarrassment.

The waiter nods at me. "Wife trumps customer."

After the waiter leaves, I say to Luca, "That's not right. We're on our third date, and already I'm nagging you. I am so sorry."

"This third date is the best one yet." He reaches across the table and grabs my hand. "It feels good to have someone looking out for me. It's been a long time since somebody cared."

The look of adoration on his face makes my chest ache and my eyes burn.

But then he yawns again, and I get a different feeling. Not a good one. Luca is so big and tough, which I like. Seeing him tired and vulnerable like this makes me uncomfortable.

This tired version of him isn't the man I want. I like how safe he usually makes feel, like there's nothing in this world that can get through his thick skin and bring him down.

"It's getting late," I say. "I'll just take a cab home from here so you can go straight home and get to bed."

"But-"

"Not another word, Mr. Five Yawns." I reach for my purse and move to get up from the chair.

He points to his lips. I give him a kiss, thank him again for dinner, and leave. My inner voice is not happy with me.

Tina, you are being so rude. You just got up and left that beautiful man sitting alone in a restaurant. The waiter is going to think he offended his wife. And what about Luca's feelings?

I wave down a cab in front of the restaurant and climb in without a glimpse back.

I can't get back home fast enough.

Once I'm inside my cottage and alone again, I close all the windows and blinds.

I pull out the shoebox from the top of the closet and prepare for the ritual.

I wipe down the table, dim the lights, and take a seat.

I open the box and lay out the items, one at a time, beginning with the dried rose.

The blue dye that was used to make a white rose blue has faded away to a muddy grey. The dried petals are loose and threaten to disintegrate every time I handle it.

The flower would be nothing but garbage to anyone else who saw it, but it's the most precious thing I own, because it reminds me that once there was a time I loved someone with everything I had, and he loved me.

But time takes away everything.

Chapter 11

Rory shows up at my place on Saturday afternoon. She lugs in enough food to cater a party of ten.

"This is way too much," I tell her. "I'm only cooking dinner for myself and Luca."

"Tell me more about this meal that you're cooking, all by yourself."

I chuckle. "Okay, fine. But just so you know, he's a big guy, but he's not that big."

"Use the leftovers to make sandwiches." She reaches into a canvas bag and pulls out what appears to be half a cow.

"Sandwiches? Sure. I'll just use those ten loaves of bread I always keep in the house."

"Ha ha." She rolls her eyes.

I help her unload the other groceries, keeping an eye on the roast in case it tries to make a getaway.

There's very little counter space in the micro-sized kitchen, so I haul the table closer for a makeshift prep area.

"What's all this crunchy dust?" Rory asks, scowling at the table surface.

"Housekeeper's day off," I joke, grabbing a cloth to give it a quick wipe. The crunchy dust is from one of the dried rose petals.

After my ritual on Wednesday night, I left everything out, right up until an hour ago. Unfortunately, the sun streaming in the window degraded the rose, and two petals fell off. I'll have to be more careful from now on.

"I have something to tell you," Rory says.

"Oh?" I get out the cutting board and start chopping carrots.

She whispers something so softly I can't hear it.

I turn to find her pressing her lips together tightly, her face red with effort. What is she up to?

She whispers the word again. "Panties."

I almost laugh, but catch myself.

She says it again, louder. "Panties."

"That's great, Rory! You're making so much progress. Is this from the hypnosis tapes?"

She shakes her head, no.

"Did my sister drag you to her support group?"

She shakes her head, no. She's grinning, like this is a new game for her.

I ask, "Can you say any of the other no-no words besides panties?"

"No."

"That's still really good, Rory. I'd hug you right now, if it wouldn't send you screaming for the hills."

She gives me a serious look. "I'm still not normal. I'll never be normal." She grabs some herbs and tosses them my way. "Now get to work, or date number four will be the one where you serve raw meat and carrot sticks."

"Yes, Captain."

For the next hour, we chop and sear and baste.

Rory works for a caterer, so making a gourmet meal is well within her skills. I don't know what I was thinking when I offered to make Luca dinner.

Actually, I was probably thinking about the things Cosmopolitan magazine promises will happen on the fourth date.

Sex.

Right over there, on my fold-out sofabed.

That is, assuming I still remember how it's done.

I look over at Rory and sigh. I wish I could talk to her about how I'm feeling right now, but she can't handle any discussion of sex.

With my last boyfriend, I wasn't this nervous. I can't even remember what our first time was like, or even the last time. It was all just a blur of awkward grinding and apologies.

Oh, no. What if Luca is terrible at sex? What if that's the reason he kept sending women flowers? What if he does some horrible, disgusting thing that makes them never want to see him again?

Rory stands up from checking the roast in the oven and looks at me. "Now what?" she asks. "You look like you're going to throw up."

"It's our fourth date. That's the date where people traditionally... play Scrabble."

"Oh." Her cheeks get pink, but she doesn't run for the door. "And do you want that to happen?"

"Yes, but I'm worried that maybe he's terrible at Scrabble. Like he puts the words in the wrong places, or he goes right for the triple word score immediately, instead of starting in the middle."

She grabs the bottle of wine we were using for the sauce and pours a glass for me and one for her.

We take the glasses over to the couch and sit down.

She speaks carefully, "Maybe before you get the Scrabble board down from the closet, you should be very clear with him about the house rules."

"As far as I know, I prefer the standard rules. Nothing fancy."

She glugs down half her glass, then takes a deep breath.

"Have you guys played any warm-up games before tonight? Did you two... share the crossword puzzle?"

"Is that one you do with your hand, or is it more verbal?"

She covers her flushing face with her hand.

I rush to say, "Doesn't matter, because I didn't do either. I mean, a couple of times while we were kissing, I did brush up against his wildcard tiles, but I didn't put my hand inside the velvet bag and grope around for anything special."

"I think you're going to be fine," she says. "Just take it slow."

I giggle into my wine glass. "It's just that... most people play with seven tiles at a time, because they fit on the tile rack. I think my tile rack is standard, but what if he plays with eight tiles? Or nine, or ten? Oh my god, what if he plays with eleven letter tiles, and they're wide ones?"

Rory leans forward, sets the wine glass on the coffee table, and then runs out of my place so fast, she leaves a little cartoon dust cloud behind her.

I pour her wine into my glass and keep thinking about letter tiles.

Chapter 12

Luca arrives right on time for dinner.

This time, he pays attention to my instructions and comes around the side of the main house, right to my door.

He's got flowers in his hands-a beautiful mixed flower arrangement, in a vase I recognize from my shop.

"You're kidding," I say, taking the flowers.

"Read the note."

He comes inside and glances around quickly before turning his beautiful blue eyes back on me.

Blushing, I find the envelope and pull out one of the standard cards from the shop.

The card reads:

SORRY I'M A JERK. - LUCA

I look up, confused. He's grinning like crazy.

"I don't get it," I say.

He shrugs. "I'm sure I'll do something hideous tonight. For example, I might look around your place and ask to see the rest of it. Then you'll tell me it's a renovated garage, and we're standing in all of it."

"Oh, I have five more rooms here. They're behind that door. Go have a look." I point my thumb at the coat closet.

"Maybe later." He takes the flowers and note from my hand and sets them in the middle of the table. Then he wraps his arms around me and pulls me in for a kiss.

We kiss until I get dizzy and stumble back, almost tipping us over.

He licks his lips, his gaze on my mouth. "Are you going to offer me some of that wine you're drinking?"

"I'm afraid that particular wine is all gone. It went into the, um, sauce. But I have another bottle I can open."

He picks up a bag from just inside the door and hands me an unopened bottle. "Let's try this."

"The bottle's dusty."

He chuckles. "It's from my wine cellar."

I point to the closet door. "I have a wine cellar, too. It's right through that door."

"Sure you do." He grabs me and kisses me again, then nuzzles his cheek against my neck. His cheek is smooth, like he shaved minutes before coming over. The feeling of his skin against my neck, along with his hot breath, makes my knees weak.

"You smell good," he murmurs. "You smell like roast beef, which is one of my favorite smells."

I squeal and pull away. "That's your dinner."

He points his finger in the air, like he's just remembered something. "Right, dinner. I should confess. I actually ate dinner before I came over, because I knew it was just an excuse for you to get me into your lair."

My mouth drops open in disbelief. "Did you really eat before you came over?"

He laughs. "No. I'm famished." He plucks the notecard from the table and points to the inscription. "Now you see why I needed this. Classic jerk move, making you worry like that."

I hand him the wine opener, and he gets to work opening the bottle.

I pull the enormous roast from the oven and leave it on the stovetop to rest before slicing. Rory left me specific instructions for the final preparations, and I do my best to follow them.

Luca hands me a glass of wine and offers to help. He and his large frame barely fit inside the micro kitchen, let alone both of us. I shoo him out and tell him to snoop around.

He looks around my place with interest, first at the finishing details of the garage conversion, and then at my collection of framed photos on the mantle above the electric fireplace.

"I didn't know you were married," he says.

My throat tightens, and I regret not going through my photos before Luca came over. He holds my prom photo in his hand, studying it with a frown on his face.

"That's not a bridal gown," I tell him. "My prom dress was pale blue, but everyone else was in much brighter colors, so I look washed out."

"You're beautiful."

I grab a hot tray without an oven mitt and burn my fingers. I curse under my breath and quickly dunk my hand in cold water.

"Who's the guy?" he asks.

"My prom date." I pull my hand out of the cold water, dry it off, and immediately grab the hot tray again.

The burn sends a shock through me, and I drop the tray with a clang. I swear again, shaking my hand, and turn on the tap, full blast.

The pain strips away my defenses.

Everything hits me at once, memories flooding back. My hand throbs from the burn. I collapse forward against the sink, and the tears come.

I feel a hand on my back. Sobbing, I tell him to leave me alone. I need a minute. By myself.

He pulls me into him. I crush my face against his chest to avoid meeting his eyes. He wraps his arms around my back and holds me.

The sobs slow down, and soon I'm breathing calmly again. And feeling very foolish.

I pull away and look at my fingertips.

"That's not too bad," I say. "Just a little red. Probably won't even blister." I point to the offending pan and explain that I stupidly grabbed it without an oven mitt.

"Is that the only thing you're upset about?" he asks.

I wipe my eyes with a paper towel and put on a cheerful face.

"I'm fine."

"Tina, what's wrong?"

I sigh and grin up at him. There's so much worry in his blue eyes that it rips my heart into even more pieces.

"Nothing," I say. "Except for the obvious-I'm a cheap drunk, and an emotional one."

I grab the glass of wine he poured me and glug it back as proof.

"Anything else?" he asks.

I point to my face and whisper-yell, "SORRY I'M A JERK."

His smile turns into a grin, and then a laugh.

"Apology accepted. Can I help you with anything in here? Now that I've wedged myself into your kitchen, I don't know if I can get out again." His eyes go to the meat. "What is that, half a cow?"

"That's what I said when Rory brought everything over."

"Rory? That's your best friend, right? The one who can't say panties?"

I gasp. "Don't ever tell her I told you that."

"And she works for a caterer, right?" He looks over all the food, realization dawning on his face.

I hand him the salad bowl to take to the table. "Nope. She drives a garbage truck. You must be thinking of your other girlfriend's best friend."

He chuckles and helps me bring the rest of the food to the table-or at least as much as will fit on the small surface.

We sit down, and he refills my glass.

"This is really nice of you to make me a home-cooked dinner," he says. "It's been a while since somebody took care of me like this." His eyes are shining.

I feel something in my chest, like my soul is trying to tell me something.

He clears his throat and raises his glass, smiling and blinking rapidly.

"A toast," he says.

I raise my glass and wait.

His voice low and soft, like a prayer, he says, "May every loving heart hear its song returned across the lake."

We clink our glasses, and drink in the moment.

Chapter 13

After dinner and dessert, we move over to the couch.

It's a generous-sized couch, in an L shape. I could have fit a bed plus some smaller furniture inside my cottage, but I opted for the big sofa with a fold-out bed instead.

When I bought the thing, I imagined having parties, and friends perching all over my pricey new sectional. In my imagination, everyone wore fancy clothes and drank martinis.

In reality, my friends wear socks with holes in them, and would rather watch a movie than engage in small talk with people they don't know. The couch works well for that, too.

After I finish telling Luca all about the sofa, and how we had to take the door off its hinges to get it inside, he lets out a low whistle.

I hold my fingers to my mouth. "I'm babbling."

He gets up and moves over to the corner where I am. He sat down first, and I sat opposite him. But now he's making a move. I'm nervous and excited.

Luca seems calm enough. He casually puts his arm around me, across the back of the couch.

"It's a good couch," he says. "Your kitchen is too small, but this couch was made for me."

"It is custom made, but I didn't know you back then."

Nervously, I look around for my wine glass. It's in the sink, because we finished the wine. I wish I had something for my hands.

"Would you like a coffee?" I ask.

"I don't need any caffeine."

He strokes the back of my head with his hand while gazing into my eyes. His fingers push into my curly hair, but he doesn't try to comb through and get caught in the knots.

His shave looks really close to the skin. He seems brand new, like a clone in a sci-fi movie who's just come out of an egg. And he smells like heaven.

"Thanks again for the flowers," I tell him.

"I didn't just bring you flowers."

"Oh. Thanks for the wine. It was excellent. You have a good wine cellar."

He chuckles, then leans back to pull something from his jeans pocket. He hands me a jewelry box. It's bigger than a ring box, but smaller than a necklace box.

My hands tremble as I reach for the velvet case. Jewelry? On the fourth date? Cosmopolitan magazine did not prepare me for this scenario.

"Open it," he says, sounding like an excited kid on Christmas day.

I snap open the box. Inside is a charm bracelet, with several charms already connected to it. I pull the bracelet out to examine the charms. One is a tiny little hammer. There's also a motorbike, a flower pot, and a tea cup.

I wave one hand to fan my face.

My throat is tight, and I can just barely rasp, "This is too much."

He taps the tea cup with the end of his square, flat fingernail. "This one is the cutest, and you know I'm not a man who uses the word cutest often."

I gasp. "The tea cup is from when we had breakfast at Delilah's." My eyes are welling up, and I feel raw with emotion.

"Don't cry again," he says.

"These are happy tears."

He takes the bracelet from my hand and very carefully undoes the clasp. I hold my left wrist out, and he fastens the bracelet around my wrist.

I admire the bracelet, turning my wrist back and forth.

"I wish I'd got you something," I say.

"Tina, you made me dinner, plus you've already given me so much. This dark cloud of dread has been hanging over me since I got the keys to the garage. I thought I'd made the worst decision of my life. But then I met you, and now I feel like I'm on the right path."

"I'm your good luck charm."

He agrees with me by kissing me.

His lips are firm, pushing hard against mine. I suck his lower lip into mine and hold it captive to slow him down.

He moans into my lips, and the vibration of his deep voice travels through me with pleasure.

We kiss, and soon our hands are entwined in each other's hair.

He leans over and reaches around me, like he's going to hug me. He grabs me firmly by the waist and lifts me up and onto his lap, facing him. My legs straddle his, and my skirt rides up, exposing my underwear.

I quickly fix my skirt to conceal myself, but he already saw, and laughs like he's gotten away with something very naughty. His chest rumbles when he laughs. I feel it through my whole body.

We kiss some more, and I note how perfect it is, sitting on his lap like this. Our mouths are at the same height, and the feeling of his legs between mine is more intoxicating than the wine I drank.

The longer we kiss, the more relaxed I get. I shift closer and closer, until I'm bumping against the business area of his lap. He moans as I tilt my h*ps and press against him.

The vibration of his voice sets off explosions of lust inside me. I reach down and grab his shirt to pull it off.

He raises his arms to help, and then I toss the shirt aside and take in his bare chest. First, I use my eyes. He's got some chest hair, the same light brown color as his hair. He's not super hairy, but he does look like a man. A very powerful, muscled man.

My hands join in the excitement. First, I run my fingertips across the broad, square muscles of his pectorals. He flexes under my touch.

I start over from the top, with my hands on either side of his face. He's got such a nice, square jaw, and it's only complemented by his bare chest. I smooth my way down his neck, and knead the thick muscles connecting to his shoulders. I think I have decent shoulder muscles, from moving heavy buckets of water around the shop, but there's no comparison.

My hands glide over his chest again, and then below. His skin is smooth and hot, begging to be touched. I trace the contours of his abdominal muscles, and follow the line of curly hair down to the waistband of his jeans.

He's been holding still, just watching me look at him, but now he reaches to my back, feeling around for a zipper.

I smile, because there is no zipper. This is a jersey-knit dress that lifts off like a T-shirt, but he doesn't know that. My smile gets bigger as he keeps searching for a zipper or buttons, his forehead furrowing.

I glance around to make sure we have privacy. The blinds on the windows are closed, which is a relief. Even though the lights are dimmed, with all the big windows facing the lawn, at nighttime the cottage may as well be a brightly-lit display case.

Luca mutters something about tearing off my dress. I push his hands away and whip it off over my head in one smooth motion.

He gets quiet, staring at my chest. He looks up at my face, his blue eyes bright and shining. He smiles and holds his big hands up to my cheeks, then moves to my neck and kneads my shoulders, rocking me.

He's exploring my upper body the same way I did his, with the notable exception of extra fumbling to remove my bra. Also, he takes about ten times longer on my chest as I did on his.

He pulls me to him and we kiss, our bare chests pressing together. I pull away enough to graze my hard ni**les from side to side against his chest.

He groans and closes his eyes. "Do that again."

I do it again, and he moans. More heavenly chest vibrations rumble through us.

His eyes flick open. Staring at my lips, he says, "I brought you flowers, wine, jewelry, and also condoms. They're in my other pocket."

"We should play Scrabble."

He smiles, still looking at my mouth. "I'll play whatever you like. Your house, your rules. No expectations."

"How many did you bring?"

He looks up into my eyes, his eyebrows high with surprise. "Let's not get ahead of ourselves."

I look down at my panties, and his jeans. I reach for the button on his jeans, but pull my hands away. I'm so nervous, suddenly. Usually, guys are trying to get their clothes off the minute you start kissing. Luca has so much restraint, it worries me.

What if he's good at sex, but I'm the terrible one? I don't know any fancy moves.

"You're thinking," he says. "You disappeared up into your head."

"Luca, I don't have any fancy moves."

He moves and places his hand between my legs, cupping his fingers under me. His warm palm presses down on top of my panties, and he begins to lightly massage me.

His voice low and growling, he says, "Fancy is overrated. The best way is simple. You see something you like, you rub it, kiss it, lick it."

I close my eyes and relax into his touch. He keeps moving his palm, the movement almost circular. Soon, I'm rocking my h*ps and pressing against him.

When I'm ready, I jump back off his lap, whip off the underwear, and return to straddling him.

"You do that like a gymnast," he says, his voice low and thick. "Like I'm your pommel horse."

"You are my pommel horse."

"I'll be your anything."

He puts his hand right back, this time bare skin on skin. The pleasure is almost unbearable.

His fingers slide, moving deeper, until they're slipping in and out of me. I lean forward against him. With his other hand, he lifts up my hair so he can kiss my neck.

His mouth on my neck and his fingers inside me is nearly heaven, but I want more.

For the second time, I reach for the button of his jeans. This time, my hands are powerful and sure. I open the button and wrestle down the zipper.

"Hang on."

He pulls his hand away from between my legs and holds onto the back of my hips. His strong thighs flex underneath me, and he lifts me up. After a little awkwardness, he gets a square packet pulled from his pocket, and then pushes his jeans down and off, along with his boxer shorts.

I'm shy about looking down, now that we're naked.

We return to sitting. We're still on the couch, and haven't folded out the bed. It doesn't matter. This desire can't wait for pulling off cushions and folding out beds.

I reach between us cautiously and touch him. He's long and hard. There's so much, and it gets harder with each squeeze and caress.

He pushes my hand away, and rolls on the condom. I glance down, amazed it all fits in there.

When I look up again, he's gazing into my eyes. His expression seems to say something daring. If you're impressed now, wait 'til you see what I can do with it.

I give him a look of my own. Bring it on.

We start kissing again, and I slide my chest up the length of his chest, standing up on my knees. I reach behind his shoulders and grab onto the back of the couch.

This is happening.

I move my h*ps forward. The tip is slippery from the lube on the condom, and I giggle as he slips around at first. With a minor adjustment, he's in place. Still hanging onto the back of the sofa with both hands, I breathe slowly as I ease myself down.

He rocks his hips, pulsing, but not pushing.

Fireworks start to go off inside me.

I'm not even all the way down, and it's incredible.

He kisses my neck slowly and thoroughly.

Sliding down all the way feels good. Do I remember how to do this?

After a few wiggles, my body starts to move without any heavy thinking involved.

His big hands squeeze me around the hips. His thumbs wrap around the front, across my hip bones, and his fingers reach down to the middle of my butt cheeks.

I've never been gripped like this. I look down in amazement at his arms. His biceps ripple and bulge.

He nods his head forward, breathing heavily, and presses his face into my chest.

I close my eyes and move in all the ways that feel good. I let go of the couch and wrap my arms around his neck. He's filling me completely, utterly.

The waves rise, and soon my cl**ax approaches, along with the realization of how much I've missed this.

"I'm coming," I whisper in his ear.

He groans and leans back, looking up at my eyes.

I lean forward and kiss him, burying his face in my hair.

"Don't look," I moan into his mouth.

"Okay," he growls, his chest vibrating with his pleasure.

I tilt my h*ps and slide along him, each pulse sending my pleasure deeper. His thighs tense under me, and he's harder and thicker.

My breath catches, my muscles tense, and I drive myself down on him. I cl**ax, and lose myself to it.

After, my body goes limp. I'm still moving, though, powered by Luca's arms.

He shakes and gasps, coming right after me.

The deep, rumbling sound in his chest is more thrilling than the wildest summer thunderstorm.

Eventually, his hands loosen their grip on my hips, and his palms slide back down the tops of my thighs. This motion reminds me of the equipment at a carnival, powering down at the end of a ride.

We're still for a moment, our breathing returning to normal.

"Bleh," he says.

"What?" I pull back to look in his eyes.

"Bleh," he repeats, pulling wavy strands of my hair out of his mouth. "I'm eating your hair."

I roll my eyes. "You're such a jerk."

He grins. "I know."

Chapter 14

Rory comes over at noon Sunday for our usual routine.

She sends me a message from the front of the main house, and I tell her to come around back because I'm still sorting my laundry.

She walks in the door cautiously. She's got her big takeout cup full of coffee, and a box of donuts. Her eyes narrowed, she looks around the open space. Scowling, she walks over and checks the bathroom.

"I swear he's not here," I tell her.

"I can smell him."

She opens the coat closet.

"He's not in the closet," I say. "Or in the main house. I promised I wouldn't spring him on you before you're ready, and I won't."

"Good." She pushes back her dark, curly hair and ties it up with an elastic. Her golden brown eyes are still darting around the cottage.

I run around, retrieving dirty laundry from the various places I hid it before Luca came over.

"We did play Scrabble last night," I say.

Her body tenses, but she doesn't run. "And?"

"His board strategy is more aggressive than I'm used to, but I liked it."

She looks down at her feet, her cheeks turning red. "I'm happy for you," she mumbles.

I finish grabbing my laundry, and we walk over to the main house.

My sister Megan is home, doing some baking. The flower shop is closed Sundays, so this is the one day we both have off together.

Rory and I say hello on our way through the kitchen to the laundry room.

"Mom phoned from Italy," Megan says to me. "The gossip about you and Luca has gone global."

"Oh, crap."

Megan grins as she punches down bread dough. "You know that game where people whisper things, and the story changes with each person it goes through? Anyway, Mom thinks you're dating the leader of a crime family."

"How did she get that?"

"Someone made the leap from motorbike repair to biker gang, I guess. She was threatening to come home."

"I hope you talked her down. I will not be held responsible for cutting short her Eat Pray Love year abroad. No way."

Megan snorts. "Sounds like she skipped the Eat and Pray and moved right on to the Love. She's sharing her apartment with someone. A guy. She told me when they share the bed, it's platonic and they sleep foot to head. I think what she really means is sixty-nine."

Beside me, Rory lets out a strangled cry, and bolts away to the laundry room.

Megan stares after my best friend. "Is that still happening?"

"Be nice," I say. "She's trying."

"Speaking of sixty-nine, how was your date last night? I noticed you pulled the blinds shut during dinner. That roast looked good. I was going to come over later for some leftovers, but I noticed the whole garage was rocking on its foundations."

I smirk at my sister. "The cottage's seismic upgrades were really getting a workout last night."

"You've got a pretty big smile on your face. I'd say you were getting a good workout, too. Did he Roadhouse you against the wall? Or did he Dirty Dancing you up in the air, over his head?"

"I got out some pottery clay I bought special for the occasion, and he Ghosted me through a dozen repeats of Unchained Melody."

"He's a real man," she says. "Does he have a brother?"

"Hmm. Come to think of it, I don't know. He didn't talk much about his family."

I pull out my phone and start composing a text message. Last night, he didn't stick around for long after we put our clothes back on. He helped me wash up from dinner, and mentioned a few times that he had to get up early to meet a new subcontractor at the garage.

We haven't talked yet today, and I've been waiting for an excuse to message him.

I send a text: You remember my sister Megan, right? Brown hair, green eyes, works at your favorite flower shop. She just asked me if you happen to have a brother.

"And send," I say, pressing the green button.

"You sound just like Mom when you talk to your phone like that."

I stare down at my phone. Seconds pass. I'm used to messaging with Rory, who replies back so fast, I wonder if she's psychically answering me before I ask.

Megan notices me staring at my phone. "Give him some time. I'm sure he'll still have a brother in ten minutes."

"Good point."

Megan goes back to her baking, and I go off to do my laundry with Rory.

Our routine hasn't changed in years. In between folding loads from the dryer, we laze around in the rec room, watching movies and eating donuts.

Rory leaves after dinner, and I check my phone for the thousandth time.

There's still no response from Luca.

I carry my folded laundry back out to the cottage and put everything away.

I check my phone again. No response.

The flowers from last night are sitting on the table, next to the note.

I look at the pretty charm bracelet on my wrist. It's such a thoughtful, personal gift. He really made me feel special.

Special.

I think back to the first time I met Luca, when I gave him dating advice. I told him he needed to make a girl feel special and unique.

He certainly accomplished that last night. But today he hasn't even called.

I frown at the darkened screen on my phone.

Do I need to teach him that he has to call a girl the day after he sleeps with her?

Or is he already done with me?

I really wish he'd call.

Chapter 15

Monday morning, I pick out the day's outfit with a hopeful heart.

Luca hasn't returned my text message from yesterday, but I have a feeling he'll come see me at the flower store today.

I want to wear something really simple, so that my new charm bracelet is the star.

I tie my curly brown hair up in a high ponytail, and get dressed in dark jeans, cobalt blue flats, and a plain white V-neck shirt.

When I get outside, the late spring sky is grey and threatening rain, so I drive my car instead of walking.

I drive past the Baker Brothers garage slowly, looking for any sign of Luca. The windows are still covered in paper, so I can't see anything.

The garage's sign looks great, thanks to the recent restoration. Luca had a guy who specializes in hand-painting signs come in and spruce up the letters. He also added a line about motorbikes, exactly as I suggested. I really hope it was good advice I gave him.

I open the flower store and keep myself busy, my heart skipping a beat every time someone comes in the door.

It's nearly lunch time when a woman I don't recognize comes in.

She pretends to be looking at the ferns and orchids, but I can feel her eyes on me. I ask her if I can help her, and she quickly scuttles back out again.

I pull out my phone and check it again. No message from Luca.

I send him a new text message: Have you been sending spies over here to the flower shop?

He responds immediately: No. Why?

I frown at the phone. I should be glad he replied, but this isn't the sort of sweet, romantic message I was hoping for.

Me: Some blonde chick was just in here staring at me.

I wait five minutes for a response and don't get one.

The door chimes again. I look up, expecting to see Luca, coming to surprise me with something thoughtful.

Instead, I get the blonde woman.

This time she walks right up to me and points the screen of her phone at my face.

"Did you make this?" she asks.

There's a photo of flowers on the screen. I recognize the raffia tie from our regular supply. More importantly, I recognize the extravagant arrangement. It's the one Luca dropped a bundle on the first time we met.

I look up into the blonde's ice blue eyes. She's older than me, maybe close to forty, but really pretty, like a Barbie doll.

I answer carefully. "If it came with one of our cards, then it was either me or my coworker."

"I saw Luca in here two weeks ago, talking to the other girl. It was busy, and he was helping her sell flowers."

I nod slowly, pretending to be thinking. On the Wednesday before last, Luca was here, helping my sister sell out the store so I had Thursday off. That was our first date.

I look down at the woman's fingernails. They're manicured, with those thick, gel nails. Judging by the energy coming off her, I quickly assess that she is Luca's ex, and if she finds out he's dating me, she'll bury those nails in my face like ten daggers of payback.

"I'm sorry, who?" I ask, feigning ignorance.

She spits out his name like it's toxic. "Luca Lowell." She studies my face. "The other girl's your sister, isn't she?"

"The one who works here? Yes." I snap my fingers. "Oh, you mean Luca. The guy who bought the garage. He's been getting to know some of the people who work up and down the street. Um... for business networking, I guess."

"You warn your sister," she hisses.

I take a step back, out of face-stabbing range. The counter is between us, but it's not enough.

"Warn her about what?"

"You tell her that Luca Lowell is nothing but trouble. He's a tease and a liar."

Her eyes widen as she stares down at something. I follow her gaze to my charm bracelet. I start to hide it behind my back, but she comes around the counter in a blur of motion and grabs my wrist.

"What's this?" she asks. "Is that a motorbike charm? Is this from him?"

I yank my wrist free, and then shove her back.

"None of your business," I growl. "Please leave."

She staggers back, looking stunned, then comes at me, arms flying.

What this woman doesn't know, is that I can handle a fight. Both my sister and I were on the girls' wrestling team in high school. While our friends were trying out to be cheerleaders and running around in pleated skirts, Megan and I were learning how to pin down opponents.

The blonde doesn't even know what hit her.

She's down for the count.

The door chimes, and Luca comes rushing in to find me sitting on top of his ex-girlfriend, with her face pressed into the floor and her arm twisted up behind her back.

"This isn't what it looks like!" I cry out.

He steps behind me, locks his hands under my armpits, and lifts me off the blonde.

"Really?" he says. "Because it looks to me like you've got my former real estate agent in a head lock."

After he sets me down, he helps her to her feet.

"I shouldn't have come here," she says.

Gruffly, he says, "Leave now, and we'll pretend you never did."

She hangs her head and runs for the door.

He looks down at me, a look of admiration on his face. His blue eyes are burning bright.

"Tina, I never knew. You're quite the little bruiser."

"I've got some moves." I frown over at the door, checking to make sure she's really gone. "Who was that?"

"A woman I deeply angered. Real estate is a tough business. She worked for months trying to put together a deal on another garage, and she took it poorly when I bought a different one."

"Oh. I thought maybe you slept with her and never called the next day."

He reaches out and squeezes my bicep. "You've got some muscles there. Can you do a chin-up."

"Of course I can."

"Prove it." He holds his arm straight out.

My heart is still pumping hard from the altercation. I feel like I could lift a car.

I grab hold of Luca's upper arm. I bend my legs and lower myself so my arms are straight, then pull myself up with a grunt.

Now I'm hanging from his arm, my knees bent.

His arm wavers, but he holds it steady. His eyes dare me to let go. I flash my eyes at him, inviting him to set me down if he starts to get tired.

Through gritted teeth, he says, "In the interest of full disclosure, I didn't call my former real estate agent the day after I slept with her."

Through equally gritted teeth, I reply, "I knew it. She was way more pissed than someone who didn't get a business deal."

"I thought it would cheer her up about not getting the commission."

I'm breathing heavily, but I won't let go. "You really don't know the first thing about women, do you?"

"My mother passed away when I was five. I was raised by my father and uncle. I only know two things about women, and that's all I need to know."

My muscles are burning, but I hang on. "What two things?"

"That I like women, and that you're the cutest one I've ever met."

"For a big, tough guy, you sure say the word cutest a lot."

He groans and lowers me to the ground. "You win." He shakes out his arm, then massages the red marks left by my fingers.

"What do I win?" I ask.

"My heart."

He reaches into his pocket and hands me a tiny, heart-shaped charm.

He explains, "I didn't want to scare you, so I took it off the bracelet before I gave it to you."

"Cute!" It's just cute enough that I'm not quite so upset about the news he slept with the crazy real estate agent. I accept the heart and hold it on my palm.

"Now you have my heart," he says. "Promise you won't break it."

I attempt to pick the heart up with my fingers to examine it closer. My arms are shaking. My hands are numb from hanging off Luca's arm like some wild-eyed sugar-crazed kid on the monkey bars. I fumble the heart and drop it on the ground.

Luca frowns at me. "That's not a good sign."

"Says the guy with a stalker."

He crouches down and grabs the heart charm, then tucks it into his pocket again.

I put my hands on my hips.

"Well? Why didn't you text me back?" I ask.

"My spelling is atrocious," he says. "If you would have phoned, I would have picked up and talked to you, though."

I'm so surprised, I actually take two steps back. I am literally taken aback by this strange confession.

"You blow me off all day because you're a bad speller?"

He looks sheepish. "Plus, I don't do texting."

"Just because you're a bad speller? You can always use Autocorrect."

He winces and looks even more uncomfortable. "Tina, I don't do text messages, because I'm an adult. That's kid stuff, with the little pictures and whatever."

I stare at him in astonishment. "Excuse me for being into kid stuff."

He rubs his forehead and looks over his shoulder toward the door.

"I should get back to the garage. Let me know if any of my other stalkers come by."

"You know I will."

And then he leaves.

I check the calendar to see if it's a full moon. I'm not surprised to find it is. I have had some weird Mondays, but this one takes the cake.

I try to get back to work, but now I'm thinking about that skanky blonde. Yuck. I'm so grossed out that he slept with her. Even if it was just once, I'm not happy about it.

Now that I know the story behind the first apology arrangement, I wish I didn't. I hope I never find out about the second one.

My sister comes in after lunch to take the second half of the day.

I tell her all about the excitement she missed.

When I'm done, she wrinkles her nose. "So, he doesn't have a brother. That's too bad."

"Megan, focus. He bought two arrangements. Who do you think the second one was for?"

I told myself I didn't want to know the story, but now it's basically the only thing I can think about.

Her eyes get huge, and she says in a scary voice, "The second flowers were for the stalker who's going to murder you. Mwah-hah-hah. Sleep with one eye open."

I grab my purse and leave, rolling my eyes.

Outside on the sidewalk, the sunshine hits me, along with an idea. I don't need to go home and sulk over Luca not calling me. If I want to earn that heart back, I could at least make a move.

I walk up Baker Street until I get to the garage. There's still paper all over the windows, so I can't see in. I try the door. It's unlocked.

Inside, the reception area has changed so much, it's unrecognizable. A couple of guys are working on assembling a counter, and a few more are painting.

Luca looks up from some blueprints and comes over to me, smiling.

He waves around, apologizing for the mess. "Nothing's finished, but it's coming together."

I look at the rejuvenated space in awe. The old drop ceiling with water-stained acoustic tiles has been removed, and the exposed wood beams have been sandblasted clean. Everything that's new is a shade of grey, with chrome accents and a few splashes of color. There's a painter putting a glossy coat of red on the wooden window frames.

"Luca, this isn't a garage."

He nods toward the service bays, which are now visible from the reception, now that an entire wall has been removed and replaced with glass.

"Not yet, I know. We're still waiting on some equipment."

"Forget that. I'm moving in here. This isn't a garage. It's my dream home."

He chuckles. "But you already have a garage you live in."

We're interrupted by the guys working on the counter needing to ask Luca about something.

"I'll let you go." I back away.

"Friday night. Come to my house and I'll make you dinner. It's my turn."

"Sure. And on Saturday, I won't phone you. It's my turn."

"You won't have to phone or not phone me, because you'll still be there."

"Nice." I try to give him a dirty look, but I can't resist his grin.

I turn to leave.

He runs ahead of me to hold open the door.

He gives me a kiss, then says softly in my ear, "Just a warning. My house, my rules."

Chapter 16

I pull my car onto Luca's street at quarter to seven.

I'm wearing casual clothes-a relatively new stretchy top, and jeans. The charm bracelet Luca gave me is sparkling on my left wrist with its four charms.

Summer weather is here, and sunshine is still glinting off cars and windows along the street.

This is a family-oriented neighborhood, and half the front lawns are strewn with giant plastic toys. The scent of barbecue hangs in the air.

Luca's house is neither the newest nor the oldest on the block. It's built in an architectural style that was popular in the city during the seventies, with minimal decoration-just a box with a low-pitched roof.

A man in a hat is watering some shrubs in front of the house next door. He watches me as I park my car and then walk up to Luca's front door.

"You must be Tina." He drops the garden hose and reaches across the shrubs to shake my hand. "I'm Chris. I'm the local heirloom tomato supplier. If you need salsa, just let me know."

Luca opens his door. "Chris! Let her get in the door before you start pushing your condiments, man."

Chris laughs, then looks me evenly in the eyes. "Do you like chutney?"

"Not the kind with raisins," I answer.

Luca walks over and drapes his arm across my shoulders. It's a casual gesture, but the touch of his arm, combined with the sunshine and the friendly neighbor is almost too perfect.

Luca kisses me on the side of my forehead, and the two of them talk for a few minutes about the plans Chris has for a new greenhouse.

A woman who must be his wife opens the front door and jokingly tells him to let us have dinner already. I look up in time only to catch the sight of her waving hand as she disappears again.

The neighbor tells us to have a good dinner, and picks up the garden hose again.

Luca guides me into his house, then shuts the door.

I don't even get one peek around inside before he starts kissing me, backing me up against the door.

He kisses his way down my neck, then he gets down on his knees, lifts up my shirt, and kisses my stomach. "There it is," he murmurs.

He kisses my stomach for a bit, then works his way back up again, my shirt lifted. He cups my br**sts through my bra, then kisses my upper chest.

I giggle and try to push him away, but I may as well try to move a giant boulder.

While he kisses my skin and rubs his freshly-shaved jaw on me, I open my eyes and look around.

"Luca, why do you have motorbikes parked in your house where a living room should be?"

He murmurs against my skin, "I'd put them in the guest bedroom, but it's tricky getting them up and down the stairs."

"But shouldn't they be in a garage? Or outside?"

With a sigh, he gets to his feet again. He parks one meaty palm on the wall above my head and leans over me. His blue eyes are deep and serious.

"My house, my rules," he growls.

I lean over to look past him at the bikes. There must be eight or nine that I can see from the entryway. I don't see any regular furniture.

"Do you ride the bikes around inside the house?"

He guffaws. "Gotta ride somewhere when the weather's bad outside." He stares into my eyes, a smile slowly spreading across his face. "Of course I don't ride them inside the house. I wouldn't want the exhaust getting up to the living space."

"Right. Because that would be crazy."

"My house, my rules."

He takes me by the hand and leads me up a central staircase.

The upper floor looks more like a regular house. Mainly because there are no motorbikes.

"This house was originally a duplex," he explains as he leads me over to the kitchen. "I did a full reno on the kitchen two years ago." He slaps the poured concrete counter.

I look over the steel and concrete finishes. "And it was a manly renovation. One might say... a man-ovation."

He raises one eyebrow. "I didn't know we were already at the pun stage of the relationship. I suppose next you'll be shaving your legs with my razor."

"It is the fifth date. The fifth date is for puns and razor-sharing."

"I'm glad someone knows the routine."

I take a good look around the house. It's very open, with few interior divisions. The walls are bare of pictures, and all the furniture is black and leather. It screams bachelor, which is good.

"Luca, your house is really nice. I don't think I've ever dated anyone who lived alone in a house, much less owned one. You're like an actual grown-up, aren't you?"

"Tell me about the guys you usually date." He gets back to dinner preparations. "And look away while I open this jar of pre-made spaghetti sauce from the grocery store."

I take a seat on a tall chrome chair, and look away.

"My previous boyfriends were definitely a type. Nice guys, but I don't know..." I trail off. Whatever did happen with those guys that made me end it with them?

Tina, do not start listing off the flaws of your ex-boyfriends. Luca is just being polite. Look at how cute he is, using one of those plastic circle things to measure the exact amount of spaghetti noodles. He's really taking this dinner seriously. He doesn't want to hear you whine about guys paying more attention to their video games than they did to you.

Luca looks up from the stove. "Keep going."

I shrug. "I've dated some nice guys, but I guess I haven't found what I'm looking for."

"Keep your eyes open for someone in a red apron." He picks up a red apron from the concrete counter and puts it on over his head, then ties it behind his back.

"Tell me about your friends," he says.

I laugh. "Except for Rory, my friends are all getting married."

"Is that something you want?"

I try to laugh off his question, but he keeps looking at me.

After a moment, he turns to adjust the height of the gas flame on the cooktop, then he pours us two glasses of wine.

I sip the wine eagerly. Suddenly, the house feels very warm.

Cosmopolitan magazine did not prepare me for the fifth date, at all. I was all geared up for date number four, and the sex. I think that one went well. Now I don't know what the hell is happening.

I guess I assumed that all the dates after that key milestone would just fall into place. It's supposed to be smooth sailing for a year or two, when it's time to trick the guy into thinking he wants to marry you. Those articles are so stupid. I always roll my eyes, but I keep reading them.

Luca breaks the silence by asking me to help him set the table.

He serves the dinner, and we eat while making light conversation about business comings and goings on Baker Street.

What's happening between us is easy and comfortable. Luca is great, but the house is freaking me out. I don't think I belong here, in this grown man's house.

Maybe there's a reason I usually date man-children who spend their social lives online. Those guys don't intimidate me, or make me feel like I'm not doing enough with my life. I'm twenty-nine and I live with my mother, working the same job I've had for a decade.

I'm like the poster girl for arrested development.

"We're already taking bookings for the first month," Luca says, gathering the plates to clean up.

I stare down at my empty plate with surprise. I'm already done eating? I've been so busy beating myself up in my head that I haven't even been present.

Why can't I be present and in the moment all the time, like Luca?

"Come on," he says, holding out his hand to help me up. "Let's go downstairs, and you can have your pick."

He leads me back down the stairs, to all the motorbikes. It's still incongruous to see bikes inside a house, but less of a shock.

"There's nothing like an after-dinner ride," he says. "This is why I went easy on the wine. You pick which bike we take out."

"This one," I say without hesitation. It's the same bike we rode to the movie set.

His face lights up, like I've just passed some test.

He leans over the bike and starts rolling it toward the door, his muscles popping out of his form-fitting shirt. I run ahead and open the door for him.

We put on our helmets, slip into place on the bike, and ride off down the street.

The sky is gold and pink, making everything more beautiful.

We ride out of the neighborhood, and then along a park. I can tell Luca knows this route well. We turn into an area I don't know that well, and soon we're winding along a road that curves and bends like a meandering river.

I marvel at how instinctive it is to lean first one way, and then the other, keeping my body in line with Luca's and the bike. The movement itself is pleasurable, like rollerblading down a gentle hill.

The vibration of the bike, plus holding on tight to Luca's solid torso, is all part of the magic.

The sun sets, and night is around us. The headlight slices a path through the darkness, leading us home again.

We get back to Luca's house, where I hold the door open again while he parks the bike.

He watches as I take off my helmet and shake out my hair.

"What?" I ask, still running my fingers through my wavy hair. "Is my hair all squished."

"Not at all. It's just that the sight of a beautiful girl shaking out her hair after a ride is irresistible." He takes my hand and kisses my fingers, holding me with his intense gaze. "You're irresistible."

I glance down at his broad shoulders and defined pectoral muscles. He's the one who's irresistible.

"Let me give you the full tour," he says, leading me back upstairs.

Chapter 17

Holding my hand, he leads me right into his bedroom. This room is as plain and minimal as the rest of the house. The bed looks freshly-made, with black sheets.

Luca dims the lights, and then he kneels before me. I'm standing just inside the door to the room, and this is the same thing he did when I first got here. He lifts up my shirt and rubs his cheek against my stomach.

He's such a big, muscular guy. Seeing him kneel before me makes me feel like a queen. I pull my shirt off, toss it aside, and enjoy the sensation of being adored.

He kisses my stomach, his hands on my back. He unhooks my bra, and fills his mouth with first one breast, and then the other. My legs are trembling, and it's not just from the long bike ride.

Suddenly, I don't feel worthy of this worship. I pull away and walk toward the bed. He catches me with one arm and turns me to face him. We kiss, and I pull his shirt off over his head.

He leans forward, pressing his hot skin against mine. He picks me up and lays me back on the bed.

I'm quiet as he unbuttons my jeans and pulls them off. Next are my underwear, and then he takes off everything of his.

I'm on my back, in the middle of the big bed, and he stands at the foot of the bed. He's an intimidating sight, completely nude.

He climbs onto the bed, kisses me lightly on the stomach, and then moves down.

I gasp as he kisses me on the tops of my thighs, and then between my legs. His lips and tongue make my pulse quicken.

I look down at his muscular back, his beautiful body.

He lets out a soft moan, the vibration traveling through me like a low, rumbling bass note.

My toes curl with pleasure. He keeps licking, driving his tongue against me. His fingers slip in, coaxing out even more pleasure.

He slows down and adjusts his body position, like he's in no hurry at all. I'm the one who's desperate with urgency, rocking against his every stroke.

He's enjoying this, and holding back just enough so I don't cl**ax.

Finally, I can't take it anymore, and I say one word: "Please."

He looks up, grins, and moves his body up.

He's over me, on his hands and knees. His manhood is rigid, aligned with his torso, and right above me. I reach up and give it a careful stroke.

"Squeeze it," he growls. "Both hands."

I reach up and place one hand over the other. I'm amazed there's space for both hands-and excited. He gives me a few more words of encouragement, and soon I'm working him hard.

I'm enjoying myself, playing and squeezing like I have a new toy. It's so much fun that I almost forget about everything else. He grabs a condom from the dresser and hands it to me.

I've never done this part before, but how difficult can it be? I open the packet, and Luca rolls onto his side, alongside me. He folds one arm under his head and watches me with amusement.

I place the rubber on the tip, and try to roll down the rest of it. But it won't work. At least he's not going soft yet, but I'm an utter failure at this task. I keep working.

This is impossible.

It's like trying to coax a shark into a Ziploc bag.

Luca snickers. "Grab a fresh packet. You've mangled that one."

"This is impossible. These aren't the right size, are they? Why are you doing this to me? Is this a subtle hint for me to go on the pill?"

He laughs. "They're the right size. You put it on upside-down."

I swear and toss the mangled rubber aside. I grab a fresh one, and this time I pay very close attention. It works! I feel very proud of myself, and pause to admire my work.

I don't get to admire it for long, because Luca rolls me onto my back, climbs on top of me, and slides in, just a bit.

I cry out in pleasure, my toes curling already. He groans, and the rumble in his chest is like the roar of an engine.

I bend my legs, clutch my knees in my hands, and beg him to take me.

He takes his time, teasing me with each stroke. His body is my jungle gym, and I wrap my legs around him. I just want to be as close as possible, a part of him.

We move together, coaxing out more and more pleasure.

I wonder if I'll ever get enough.

He warns me that he's coming. I hang on tight as he plunges into me, harder and faster. In a flash, time seems to hold still for a moment, and pleasure pulses through me like a sonic boom. Time starts up again, and he's so huge inside me and on top of me, everywhere at once. His body tenses, and I feel him pulse with pleasure.

When he slows down and rolls off to the side, we're both gasping and trembling.

I've never felt so thoroughly satisfied.

In fact, I don't know if I ever need to have sex again, because this has been immensely satisfying.

I roll over and tell him this.

He starts to laugh. "What are you talking about? I've ruined you for sex?"

I stroke his chest lazily. "Not ruined me. I just mean... that one was perfect, and I can't see how it could possibly get better."

He's still laughing softly, and pretends to wipe tears from his eyes. "I'd be insulted if I didn't feel the exact same way."

"I know, right? It's like you just ate Thanksgiving dinner, and you think you'll never be hungry again."

"You say that, but then after a few hours, you're rummaging in the fridge to make a sandwich."

I shake my head. "I can't even imagine."

"You can't?"

I'm on my side, facing him. He reaches up and strokes down the side of my body, from my shoulder to my hip.

His fingertips send warm shivers through me.

"That feels nice," I whisper.

"Don't laugh, but all that talk about Thanksgiving dinner is making me hungry. What do you say to a late night snack? Dessert is still waiting in the fridge."

My skin is cooling now. I grab the blankets and slide under them.

"Can I eat dessert in bed?"

Luca pretends to be horrified. He gets up and excuses himself to go take care of things in the bathroom.

He comes out a few minutes later with a robe on.

"Stay right there," he says. "You can have dessert in bed if you promise to be really careful."

"Of course."

Shaking his head and muttering about me being a bad influence, he leaves the bedroom.

Chapter 18

Graffiti.

I'm at the flower shop, and I'm not happy.

It's Monday.

Over the weekend, some little jackweed has tagged the front of the shop with lime green spray paint.

With a few curse words, I open the store and head to the back room for the supplies. I could spend a few hours trying to remove the paint with chemicals, or ten minutes painting over it. I grab the paint.

Out front again, I give the paint can a shake, then get to work with a brush. People walking by find this fascinating. I'm not sure why me applying paint to the bricks is so much more interesting than me out here setting up the flower display, but it is.

People stop to say hello and ask what I'm doing. I think it's rather obvious, but I patiently explain.

The ten-minute job is threatening to take an hour, with all the people who stop by to chat.

I'm just over halfway done when Mr. Jackson, the owner of the pub, stops to chat. He's harmless enough, just old enough to think he knows everything, but young enough to try to flirt with me.

"You'd better stock up on paint, Tina," he says. "Things are sliding downhill around here, and they're liable to get worse. I'm getting a new safe put in, for the cash. It'll be on a timelock. And I'm getting metal bars on the back door."

I look up from my work.

He's staring intensely at me.

I check myself to make sure I don't have any visible cracks for Mr. Jackson to look down.

"Why all the security?" I ask. "Has there been some crime wave I don't know about?"

He points to the graffiti with the toe of his black loafer.

"This is just the beginning."

I return to dabbing fresh paint over the graffiti.

"We get tagged once a year. I wouldn't worry about it."

"I'm sure you'll be under protection," he says, his voice ominous.

I turn and look up again. I can see from his face that he's begging me to ask him to explain.

I'm so out of touch. There's probably a lot going on here on Baker Street that I have no clue about these days, because my mother's been doing her Eat Pray Love thing. She used to keep up on all the local business gossip.

Mr. Jackson raises his eyebrows higher and higher, waiting for me to bite. Finally, he says, "Because you're dating the biker, obviously."

"Luca? He rides a bike, sure, but what does that have to do with anything? Have you been sending emails to my mother?"

"You should be careful."

"About what? Luca bought the garage so he could fix bikes. He's not running an organized crime ring. Once you see the beautiful renovation he's doing, you'll be ashamed of yourself for spreading rumors about him."

My final words are drowned out by the sound of a motorcycle driving past us on the street.

Mr. Jackson glares down the street after the bike. "See, that's what I'm talking about. This street's going downhill. We never used to get those noisy bikes up and down this street, and now it's all day long. Do you know some of them modify the mufflers so they're even louder? Those people like nothing more than disturbing nice folks trying to have a relaxing beer on the patio."

"We've always had bikes along this street. I'm sure a couple more won't be a big deal."

He frowns, clearly frustrated that I'm not taking him more seriously.

"You should be careful who you associate yourself with," he says.

"Is that a threat?" I turn and look at the graffiti. It is a really large tag, covering half the width of the storefront. "Mr. Jackson, do you know anything about who spray-painted this? Is it some sort of warning, because I'm dating Luca?"

He gets huffy. "I don't like to get involved in politics." He stuffs his hands in his pockets and walks away quickly.

I finish painting over the tag. It's probably been years since we painted this section of wall, and the new paint is brighter. I'll have to get the roller and do the entire thing.

Two ladies with strollers walk by, slowing to whisper to each other, presumably about me.

I'm starting to feel very self-conscious, so I quickly tidy up and retreat inside.

The whole incident has shaken me up.

I had such a nice weekend, spending most of it over at Luca's house, mainly in his bed.

My weekend was perfect, and my life seemed flawless.

Now it's Monday, and the cracks are showing.

Chapter 19

I don't see Luca for a few days, because he's been busy getting the garage ready to open on Saturday.

I finally drag him away on Thursday night. He comes to my place, and misses meeting Rory by about ten minutes.

She's done another great catering job for me. The meal isn't as elaborate as the first one, but it's good.

Over dinner, Luca talks about the problems with his contractors. I try to keep up with him, but I don't want to know about itemized breakdowns of budgets, and who went over on what. The truth is, it all goes right over my head, because Luca switches from one story straight into another, and suddenly we're talking about a different guy entirely.

I smile and try to be polite. What I really want to hear about is personal stuff, like what it was like to grow up with his dad and uncle.

During a lull, I ask, "Did your father keep motorbikes in the house?"

"He sure did, when he ran out of room in the garage." Luca's blue eyes twinkle at the memory. "After things settle down, I'll take you out to the farm to meet him. I should probably warn you, though, he's eccentric."

"If he's anything like you, I'm sure we'll get along fine."

Luca smiles. "And what about your father? He's out of the picture?"

"Long gone. But he's a nice enough guy. We see each other a few times a year when he's in town." I wrinkle my nose. "He's always suggesting I should go back to school, or do something different with my life. He means well, but he doesn't know."

"You're comfortable."

There's something in Luca's tone that puts me on edge, like he's judging me. Suddenly, my cottage feels small. My life feels small, compared to his.

"Luca, I may not be a world traveler and adventurer like you, but I know who I am."

He leans back in his chair and looks around, his gaze settling on the framed photos over the mantle.

"And who are you, Tina? All those photos are a decade old. And you still won't tell me about that prom picture."

I cross my arms. "People don't get photos printed anymore. It's all Facebook and stuff. Digital."

He waves one big hand dismissively. "That's kid stuff, all that social networking bullshit. Sending text messages. Wasted time."

"We can't all be big, burly know-it-alls with a bunch of money and their own houses and garages, now, can we?"

"I earned that money. Nobody handed me anything. And I moved away from home when I was nineteen."

I keep my arms crossed. "Good for you. When I was nineteen, I held the love of my life while he died in front of me."

Luca blinks, then looks away.

Gruffly, he says, "I'm sorry."

"If you think I don't appreciate the gift of my life, you're wrong. I feel it every day, this gift. This burden. I'm alive, and he isn't, and it's not fair. He was a better person than me, in every way. He gave everything."

My jaw aches as I hold back the tears.

Luca is quiet, his eyes focused down on the floor.

My body shakes with the sobs I'm holding tight.

"Jonathan never held back, and no matter how bad things got, he always said it was fine. He said he wouldn't change a thing."

Luca glances over to the pictures, then back to me.

His voice soft and low, he says simply, "His name was Jonathan." He licks his lips and swallows. "I'm sorry."

I look down at the dirty dishes between us, blinking away the tears in my eyes.

"No, I'm the one who's sorry," I say. "We were having a nice dinner, and I had to wreck everything. Now I'm causing all this drama, and you don't like drama, and I'm sorry. This is me, Luca. I live in a garage behind my mother's house, and I work the same job I've had for years. I'm stuck, and I don't care, because I'm comfortable here. My best friend Rory comes by on Sunday and we do laundry and watch TV. I don't want to have kids, because I don't want to stop being a kid. I don't want to have your babies. I might change my mind later, but right now, I can't imagine it."

His eyes flick up to mine. "What made you think I wanted you to have my babies?"

I hold my arms tighter around myself. My head is hot and my body is cold.

I can't tell him that I feel it every time he looks at my stomach, like he's planning our future. "Never mind. I'm just crazy. Typical woman, right?"

He looks down and straightens all his silverware, avoiding my eyes.

"Tina, I'm just taking life one day at a time. Same as anyone else. But it's very difficult to have an honest discussion with someone who breaks into hysterics."

I push my chair back and stand. "Hysterics?"

He stays seated, looking up at me warily. "I don't know what else to say. I've had a lot of fun with you these past few weeks."

I shrug and turn my face away, waiting for the worst.

It's over. He's had fun, and now it's over.

"You should go," I say, my voice thin and cold.

"We're not going to talk about this?"

"There's nothing to talk about. I hope your opening goes well on Saturday. Don't worry about me making a scene, because I won't be coming."

"You won't come to my grand opening?"

I won't turn to look at him, because then I'll definitely cry.

"Honestly, I don't see the point. Just go."

He pushes his chair back and stands. "I don't like this side of you," he says.

"Me neither, but I don't have a choice."

"You're shutting me out."

"Just go."

I turn my body away so I can't even see him out of the corner of my eyes.

"Don't forget your jacket," I say. "Make sure you have everything that's yours when you leave."

"Teenie."

I growl, "Don't call me that. You don't know me."

I hear him moving around, pulling on his boots and getting his leather jacket from the closet.

Without a word, he opens the door, leaves, and gently closes it again.

I walk around the circuit, closing all the blinds and curtains, keeping my face turned away from the windows.

I lock the door, and then I open the coat closet. I push out the shoes and settle onto the floor, my legs folded up in front of me. I pull the door shut behind me and bury my face between the jackets.

Safe in this small space, I disappear.

Chapter 20

Luca had the garage's grand re-opening on Saturday.

The flower shop sent over an arrangement. I considered signing my name on the card, but I didn't.

I wrote: Best wishes from Gardenia Flowers.

The opening went well, and the only motorbike "gang" who showed up was a group of seniors who tour on road bikes together.

My sister keeps me up-to-date on what's going on at the garage. She bumps into Luca from time to time on Baker Street. Unlike me, she hasn't switched her route to detour through the alley to avoid him.

Luca and I haven't spoken to each other since the night he left my place.

That was three months ago.

Three long months ago.

Sometimes I'm sad our fling didn't last a little longer. Other times, I'm relieved, because the hole he left in my heart feels like it might close up eventually.

This year, I got through the prom season with very few tears shed.

One of the boys who came in asked for blue flowers, to match his date's dress. I told him how I once wore a blue rose to my own prom. I told him about the pale blue dress, and how everyone said I looked like a bride. I told him how my friends all got drunk in the bathroom, but I wouldn't drink their smuggled booze.

The alcohol was actually someone's father's moonshine, brewed in the bathtub from who knows what. Two of my friends threw up right on the dance floor. Everyone ran outside because of the smell. Then the DJ pointed the speakers at the open gym doors, and we all danced the last songs of the night outside, under the stars.

I'd almost forgotten about those last songs.

Time rearranges itself sometimes, like a road map that's folded like a paper fan. With the folds, two cities miles apart come together and touch, just like how anniversaries pull us back through time and link with previous ones, until everything's happening at once.

In the flower shop, the boy who ordered the blue corsage just looked at me like I was a weird older lady and he couldn't understand why I was even talking to him, much less talking about the philosophy of time.

When he left, I realized I was smiling.

My memories of Jonathan seemed to hold more joy than previous years. It was as though time had bleached out the sorrow, the way the sun faded the blue dye in my rose.

Chapter 21

Megan leans over me, putting the finishing touches on my hair.

It's August now.

I hardly think about Luca at all. But I haven't been on any other dates.

Tonight is the annual Baker Street Block Party. We barricade the street at either end of a five-block span, and people from all over the city come to enjoy a party that goes until midnight.

Lots of people dress up for the party in summer-themed costumes, or at least get their faces painted-adults alongside kids.

Megan and I have been going as "flower girls" every year, and tonight is no exception. I already braided her hair and twisted the braids around her head in a crown, and she did the same for me. Now we're decorating our heads, adding more fresh-cut flowers than most people would think is reasonable.

"It's getting heavy," I say, complaining.

"I think we could get a few more flowers on your head," Megan says.

We're in the flower shop, and Rory is sitting nearby, reading gossip magazines that are several months old.

Without even looking up from the magazine, Rory says, "You two look perfect. Let's go eat."

Rory has put some flowers in her hair, but just a few daisies stuffed into a bun. She would never let us touch her hair, much less braid it into a crown and stuff in an unreasonable number of flowers.

We finish up with our hair, switch off the lights, lock up, and walk out into the crowd.

For the next few hours, the three of us shop for beaded jewelry and tie-dyed clothing at the usual assortment of street vendors that appear at all open-air festivals. Then we sample the many delicious deep-fried foods, including a battered, deep-fried Mars bar.

Rory says she's tired, and anxious from people jostling her in the dark, so she goes home not long after sunset.

My sister and I make our way over to the band stage and stake out a prime spot for our blanket.

We're just sitting down when a familiar figure tosses a gray wool blanket next to ours and takes a seat.

Luca Lowell is sitting right beside me. The sun has set, and his features are only lit by the street lamps, but every cell in my body knows it's him.

I've glimpsed Luca around from time to time over the last few months, but I always run in the opposite direction to avoid him.

I turn to Megan, keeping my back to him, and whisper, "Meenie. Don't look now, but you-know-who is behind me. Roll up the blanket and let's go."

"Just talk to him," she says, her voice at regular volume. "You can't avoid Luca forever."

I hear him say, "Is that Teenie and Meenie under all those flowers?"

I slowly turn around, a smile hardening on my face.

"Hi, Luca. How are you?"

One look into his pale blue eyes, and my breath is taken away.

"That really is you," he says. "Nice flowers. Hey, Megan. You guys look... cute."

I reply, "Cute? That means a lot, coming from a manly guy who doesn't usually say words like that."

He chuckles, looking down at his long legs as he stretches them out in front of himself on the gray blanket.

I follow his gaze and look at his legs, while giving myself a lecture.

Tina, just get up from this blanket right now and walk away. No good can come of this! He's not going to apologize for being a jackweed, and you're not going to apologize for whatever you did. Because you did nothing wrong. I know that hole in your chest is gaping open, and you want to fill it with something big and tough, like Luca, but you don't need him. You've been just fine without him.

Unaware of my silent freakout, Megan asks Luca if he tried the deep-fried Mars bar.

"I didn't know that was a real thing," he says.

"Damn straight," Megan replies. "I had to share mine with Teenie, so I've only had half of one. Hey, I'm getting an idea. The band isn't starting up for a bit, so how about I go get another deep-fried Mars bar, and you can eat half of it?"

He says, "What if I want a whole one, and I don't like sharing?"

She gets up on her feet, using my shoulder to steady herself. "That's a great idea, Luca! I'll be right back. Teenie, watch my stuff."

She walks off, leaving me alone with Luca.

I glance over at his face for a second, then look away. By the look of the new beard he's sporting, it's possible he hasn't shaved since the last time we spoke. His wavy brown hair is much longer, too. I get a chill, wondering if he stopped shaving and getting haircuts as of that very night.

He clears his throat. "Tina, I don't know how to be around you."

I keep staring straight ahead at the empty band stage.

"Just relax. Stuff happens. Sometimes things don't work out, because they were wrong to begin with."

"I didn't know you felt that way," he says.

"Thanks for cheering me up, anyway. I had fun with you, and I'm doing a lot better now. Just so you know, I took all those photos in my house down, and I got some new ones to put up. I've got a great picture of my mom, in Italy."

"I'm happy for you."

"I'll probably fly out to see her soon. I got my passport and everything. I'm moving on, exploring the world."

"Tina." His voice is deep yet quiet.

I turn to Luca. His face is so damn attractive that it hurts to look directly at him. My eyes are burning. I grit my teeth and hope he doesn't say anything kind to me. One kind word or heartfelt apology, and I'm going to lose it.

"I never meant to make you feel bad," he says. "There's no excuse for how I am sometimes. I should get a bunch of cards printed up, and on every card, it will read: Sorry I'm a jerk."

I feel myself melting under his gaze.

"You'll need a lot of those," I say, acting tough.

"Will a thousand do?" The corner of his mouth quirks up.

A woman approaches and flops down on the blanket next to Luca. "A thousand what?" she asks.

He turns to her and says, "A thousand pre-printed apology cards, just for me."

The woman has straight, black hair cut in a bob. She's stunning and petite, with an adorably tiny nose and small ears.

"Apology cards," she says, laughing as she speaks. "Oh, Luca, what are we going to do with you?"

I sit quietly and watch as they give each other a series of funny looks, as though they're communicating without words.

I wish Megan would have warned me Luca has a new girlfriend, because I might have been prepared for the murderous feelings I'm having right now.

Sitting next to me in a recycled shopping bag, I have five or six beaded necklaces. Each of them would be perfect for strangling this chick to death.

She reaches across Luca's legs with her adorable, dainty hand.

She tells me her name, but my head is buzzing with static, and every nerve in my body is telling me to run. I don't hear a word of what she's said. I shake her pretty hand and mumble my name with all the grace of a tranquilized bear.

I feel a hand on my shoulder, and Megan plunks down beside me.

"I got the last two they had." She hands one paper plate to Luca. "Want another bite?" she asks me, waving the other one under my nose.

I launch myself forward and lurch to my feet, holding my stomach.

"I don't feel so good," I moan to her, avoiding looking at Luca and his girlfriend. "I'm going home now to beat the crowd."

"You sure?" she asks.

Luca says something as well, but I don't hear him.

I throw myself into the gathering crowd, and disappear.

Chapter 22

I'm woken from my sleep by a phone call. My eyes are sore, because I got home from the block party and cried in bed.

The call is coming from the hospital.

My blood runs cold, and I'm awake.

"Hello?"

"Don't panic," says the female voice on the line.

"Megan? Rory?"

"I'm a nurse," she says. "Are you Tina?"

"Yes." I hold my hand over my chest to keep my heart from leaping out of my chest. "This is Tina. And I'm in a panic. Tell me what's going on, or you'd better send an ambulance over for me."

I can hear people laughing in the background, and a man's voice. In a flash, I know it's Luca.

"Listen, it's not an emergency," she says.

"Is this some sort of sick joke?"

"Ma'am, do you have a vehicle that's not a motorbike? Would you be able to come and pick up Mr. Luca Lowell?"

The phone slips right out of my hand. My palms are so moist with sweat, my phone slipped out like a bar of soap.

I pick up the phone again. She's reciting the address, but I know the way to this hospital. I tell her I'm on my way, and I grab my keys and jog out to the car.

My mind is blank on the drive over. I'm locked down, emotionally. In survival mode.

I'm pulling into the parking lot for the hospital when I realize I'm wearing thin cotton pants, a tank top, and no bra. At least I'm wearing shoes. Two completely different shoes.

I sit for a moment in the parking spot, thinking about returning home for a jacket and matching shoes.

I check the time. It's three o'clock in the morning.

To hell with it. Anyone awake at three in the morning doesn't have the right to be offended by my appearance.

I walk into the hospital and check in at Emergency. They've changed the flooring, and painted the walls a different color. The same giant mural of ducks flying over a lake is still on the main wall.

A nurse comes to bring me to Luca. She keeps sneaking peeks over at me, pressing her lips tightly to keep from laughing.

We reach a door, and she pauses for a minute.

She looks up at me and says, "He's a lively one."

"Was anyone else hurt?" I ask.

She gives me a puzzled look.

"It was a motorbike accident, right?"

She shakes her head. "No. He was helping to take down the band stand, and someone in a truck backed into him."

I turn and look at the door. He can't be that bad if they called me to pick him up, but I'm still afraid to go inside.

"Don't I know you?" the nurse asks. "You're Jonathan's girlfriend."

I turn and look into her eyes. She's an older lady, near retirement age. Her hair wasn't white back then, so I didn't recognize her at first.

She blinks rapidly. "I didn't mean it that way. I'm sorry. You have a name. It's just that I remember people through their connection to the patients."

"Don't apologize. I'm proud to be Jonathan's girlfriend. I'll always be his girlfriend. And he really liked you, Doreen."

She looks wistfully at the door. "You're a lucky girl to find love twice. Now get in there and take that guy home before we decide to keep him."

I give Doreen a hug and step into Luca's room.

"Teenie!" He's sitting up on a bed, holding his arms out for a hug. He looks fine, except for a fresh cast on his left foot. He's wearing the same shirt I saw him in earlier tonight, and the bottom of his jeans have been cut away on the cast side.

"Someone hit you with a truck?"

"Didn't hurt at all," he says, his words slurring. "Would you like a pill? I have some."

"I'm good, thanks. I'm just here to give you a ride home."

He eases himself off the bed and grabs a pair of crutches. With a big grin on his face, he makes his way over to me.

"Where's your friend?" I ask.

"You're my friend. And your sister is my friend. But you're my favorite one. We're going to get married. Did you know that?"

"You are high."

His blue eyes are unfocused as he looks around wildly. "Don't tell the nurses," he whispers.

I look around the room behind him. "Do you have all your stuff?"

He reaches out and squeezes my breast.

"Honk," he says.

"Very mature."

He squeezes the other one. "Honk."

I turn and hold open the door, waving him ahead of me.

We get all the way out to my car, where he tries to take my keys.

"I'm driving," he says. "Lemme drive."

I calmly steer him around to the passenger side.

"If you're a good passenger, we can switch drivers halfway," I tell him.

"Good plan!"

I lean into the car to adjust the seat. I push it all the way back to make room for his long legs plus the cast.

He grabs my ass and says, "I missed you."

I push his hands away and wheel around. I grab his crutches and help him into the car. I am thanked for my efforts with yet another honk on my breast.

Finally, we're driving. Luca's just barely staying conscious, and he tells me to take him to my place. He says there's no way I can help him up the stairs at his place.

I can't argue with that logic, so I take him to my place.

The bed is already pulled out of the couch because I didn't fold it away before I left in a rush.

I kneel down and pull off my mismatched shoes.

He drops the crutches and climbs onto my bed like it's his own. Within seconds, he's fast asleep, still in his clothes. He's still wearing one boot, on the foot that isn't in a cast. I pry it off his foot for him. He doesn't wake up.

I set down the large boot and slip my foot inside. My feet aren't small, but I could wear thirteen pairs of socks and still get my foot in Luca's boots.

I set the single boot over by the door, turn off the lights, and climb in next to him.

I could go over to the main house and sleep there in my mother's room, but something is keeping me here.

Outside the windows, the sky is getting lighter. The sun is already coming up. I roll onto my side and study Luca's face.

I wonder how serious he and that other woman are, and why she wasn't the one who picked him up from the hospital.

Oh, Luca, why are you here when you don't belong to me? This moment is out of place, not part of our timeline.

I reach out and stroke his furry beard.

He looks so rugged, even in his sleep. I don't know if I like the beard that much, but I definitely like his face.

I wonder what he's going to say for himself in the morning.

Chapter 23

I wake up to the sound of cursing.

I sit up in my bed, and twist around to find Luca in my kitchen. By the smell of it, he's burning toast.

There's not enough space in the little galley for him, let alone him and his crutches.

"Good morning," he says. His eyes are as clear blue and beautiful as the sky outside the window. He's stuffing the last bit of toast into his mouth. "Don't mind me. I need to take food with those painkillers, or I might get funny."

I jump out of the bed and fold it up into the sofa.

Luca says, "Don't do that. I was going to bring you breakfast in bed."

"If you were hungry, you should have woken me up." I toss the cushions back in place hurriedly. "Come and sit down. I'll take care of that."

"Tina, it's just a broken bone. I can make toast."

I walk over to him, grab his big arm, and try to pull him out of the kitchen. He grabs hold of the counter and won't budge.

"No, you don't. I won't make this mistake again." He grabs me and pulls me into an embrace.

"What are you doing?" My voice is muffled from him pressing my face against his shoulder.

His chest rumbles, and with a gravelly voice, he says, "You're not pulling or pushing me out of your life again. I know I shouldn't have left you that night."

I squeeze my eyes shut, my body tense, like I'm rejecting his hug while still being in it.

"No, you shouldn't have left, you big jerk. But you did. And you broke my heart."

"What about you? You didn't come to my grand opening. You sent me those funeral flowers and a generic card. You may as well have stuck an ice pick in my chest."

My body gradually relaxes, conforming to his. He squeezes me tighter, and my arms wrap around his middle.

It's hard to talk, but I choke out, "I don't understand what happened with us."

"We had our first fight, and I didn't know how to apologize, because I couldn't go see my florist for advice."

I pull away and poke him in the stomach with two fingers. "Don't make jokes, Luca. Don't make me laugh, because it hurts too much."

"I shouldn't have left here that night," he says, gazing down into my eyes. "But I was stubborn, and I thought I was right and you were wrong. Or maybe I was scared."

"Why would you be scared?"

"My wrist hurts." He keeps looking into my eyes. "I didn't break my wrist last night, but when I fell, I reached out to break my fall. I've been thinking about this a lot, and I think the same thing happened with us."

"I hurt your wrist?"

"I realized I was falling, and I freaked out. I tried to stop my fall, but I only made it worse." He leans down and gently kisses me. Our lips stick together, like they don't want to let go. "Falling in love," he says into my lips.

I pull away from his kiss, slip out of his arms, and take three steps back. He reaches for the crutches leaning against the wall and comes after me.

He can't move very fast, so I start walking. There's nowhere to go inside the small cottage, so I circle the large L-shaped couch.

"Luca, don't kiss me and don't look at me with those eyes. You have a girlfriend. She seemed nice. She shook my hand."

He keeps coming after me, patiently circling the sofa with the help of his crutches.

"The girl who was with me last night? She's the one I sent the second apology flowers to. She's my neighbor. She's married."

"Oh, yeah? You fool around with married ladies? Oh, gross. Double gross."

"It's not like that," he growls, sounding annoyed. "She was mad at me because she sent me on a blind date with her friend, and I was a real jerk."

I keep walking, speeding up my pace so he doesn't catch up to me. "You were a jerk? Why am I not surprised?"

He's puffing from the effort of chasing me on the crutches. "Wait a minute. When you came to my house for dinner, you met Chris, but you didn't meet his wife, did you?"

I yell back, "No! Was that her? Gross! You sleep with everyone."

"I told you, I didn't sleep with her. She sent me on a blind date with her friend."

I keep moving, and now I'm puffing from the effort as well. Luca can move, even on one foot.

"You slept with her friend and never called?"

"No, Tina. You are so exasperating."

"At least I don't sleep with everyone!"

"Slow down. I went on the blind date. We had dinner, and that was it. We didn't even kiss. I found out later she was mad at me because I spent the whole night talking about another girl."

I snort. "Shocker."

"I wouldn't stop talking about the pretty girl I met at the flower shop. I couldn't get her out of my head."

"Me?" I stop walking.

Luca is really motoring and doesn't see I've stopped. He slams into me, and accidentally tackles me down onto the couch.

I'm face down and he's on top of me.

My voice muffled, I ask if he really was talking about me on his date.

"Yes, you," he says.

What he's saying gradually sinks in. The woman I saw him with is his neighbor. She's married to Chris, the nice guy I met from next door.

Last night, I cried out a bucket of tears, and it was all a misunderstanding?

Luca's weight on me is comforting, like a hug.

I wriggle around so that I'm on my back, facing him. His face is red, his eyes bright blue. He's still breathing heavily.

"Luca, are you okay? Did you bang your foot?"

"Shh." He leans down and kisses me again.

This time I don't push him away.

I reach up and stroke my fingers through his new beard.

We keep kissing. Time collapses, and I'm feeling our first kiss, our second kiss, our third kiss-an infinite number of kisses, from the past, present and future.

He murmurs, "I miss you."

"I'm right here. Don't miss me."

"I won't let you go."

"Don't let me kick you out."

"I'll try not to give you a reason to."

He reaches down and lifts off the tank top I slept in.

He slides down along my body, then swirls his tongue around my ni**les. He kisses every bit of bare skin.

His touch is familiar and surprising at once. I whisper that I need him. He drags his beard across my stomach, and then he's pulling down my cotton pants and underwear.

Our bodies are a blur of tangled limbs.

While he works on my clothes, I drag his shirt off over his head. I rub my hands all over his beautiful skin, unable to satisfy my need to touch him.

Our breathing gets heavy, and I move down to battle his jeans. The bottom of one leg was cut away, but I can see that the jeans won't come off over his new cast. I'll have to get some scissors and cut him free.

I wriggle out from underneath him and jump off the couch.

He grumbles a warning that he'll chase me down if I try to run.

"I'm naked, Luca. I'm not going to get far."

"And I'm on crutches, so it's a fair match."

Giggling, I run to the bathroom, and return with a pair of scissors, plus some condoms I had ready for our last dinner.

He watches me as I gently cut away his jeans, moving up from his knee to his hip.

"There's something in the pocket for you," he says, nodding down at himself.

I reach over and grab his package. "I think I know what it is."

He grins. "Close, but check the little square pocket."

I pull the jeans off his other leg and check the pocket.

"Your heart." I hold the tiny charm he gave me once, then took away.

"It's yours now," he says.

"Maybe I don't want it. You know what? That was really mean when you gave it to me, then took it back."

"It was just a joke." He looks away, frowning. "I was going to give it back, but then I missed my chance. I missed my chance every day."

"What are you saying?" I pull back, resting on my knees on the sofa, one arm coming up to cover my chest. "Have you been thinking about me this whole time?"

"I never stopped thinking about you," he says. "But I'm stubborn. Listen, if you won't take me back, I understand. I wouldn't take me back either, because the truth is... if I hadn't gotten hurt last night, and hadn't gone to the hospital, and hadn't realized how bad I needed you, I don't know if I would have ever found my way back to you."

"Don't talk like that." I shake my head, fighting back tears again.

"My father never remarried. He'd meet someone, and they'd go on five, maybe six dates, and then they'd have one fight and it would be over. I learned to not get attached."

"You're making me sad."

"I'm so glad I broke my foot. A broken foot is nothing, compared to me ruining my life by being too damn stubborn to see what's good for me."

I turn and look down at the cast on his foot.

"Luca, I'm as much to blame as you are. I pushed you away when you were willing to talk. And then I sent you those flowers, and didn't go to your party. I didn't think I was good enough for you."

I look down at my bare knees, feeling more na**d than I've ever been in my life.

"But you're perfect," he says.

"Perfectly awful." I grin at him.

"However it happened, we have a second chance," he says. "From now on, we don't walk away mad. Not ever."

I widen my eyes and whisper-yell, "SORRY I'M A JERK."

He grins, and also whisper-yells, "SORRY I'M A BIG, TALL JERK."

I'm still clutching the heart in my fingers. He takes the tiny charm from me and sets it carefully on the side table.

"Be gentle with my heart," he says.

I take him by the shoulders and push him onto his back, then I help him straighten his legs out on the cushions. I grab a soft pillow to prop up his cast, and then I start kissing him, starting at the top of the cast and working my way up.

I take a few detours, and circle back, kissing and licking some of the areas that I've been missing the most over the past few months.

He's very responsive to my touch, occasionally groaning about the slow torture, while pleading me to never stop.

We both get hotter and hotter, until he grabs for one of the packets and gets ready. I climb on, cowgirl style, and show him how gentle and loving I can be, and then how wild.

His body is my playground. I run my hands over his chiseled chest and abs. I lean forward and grab his biceps, pretending to hold him down.

I grind myself against him, making up for lost time.

I catch him staring up at me.

Breathing heavily, I ask, "Want to switch and get on top?"

"I'm enjoying the view too much. Plus the cast makes things awkward."

I slow down to a standstill. "Oh, your poor foot. Is this bad?"

His eyes go wide. "Don't stop! You were making me feel better than Vicodin."

He runs his hands up the tops of my thighs, then rakes down with his hard fingernails, lightly scratching my skin.

I moan and grip him tightly within me.

He closes his eyes and rocks his hips, encouraging me to keep going.

I plant my palms across his wide, hard chest and let myself go. My body knows how I want him, and it matches how he wants me.

When I'm nearing my peak, I open my eyes and spot the heart charm on the side table. The sun is streaming in the windows, and the heart is gleaming like a diamond.

I close my eyes and give myself to Luca.

Chapter 24

I think I'm happy, but maybe it's just physical.

I love waking up in Luca's arms. We've been back together for two weeks now, and it's heaven. He's so soft and furry. Plus he purrs.

Wait. Purrs?

I open my eyes and look at what I thought was Luca's arm across my chest. It's actually Muffin. He's looking comfortable, with his ginger-orange cat body stretched across my torso.

"Hello, my number one boyfriend," I coo at the cat.

Luca's clunking around in the galley kitchen on one bare foot and one walking cast, making coffee by the smell of it.

"I know you're talking to the cat," he says, pretending to have hurt feelings. For the last two weeks, Muffin has been coming to visit a lot, and Luca jokingly acts like a jealous boyfriend. He and the cat seem to be bonding on their own, though, often snuggling up on the couch together watching their favorite crime shows. Well, Luca likes his crime shows and Muffin likes a warm lap.

I stretch and roll to the side, tipping Muffin off me and into my arms. I bury my face in my fur and inhale. He likes to sleep in fresh laundry, and he always smells so good. He pulls away and marches off, flicking his tail in disgust.

"Why do you keep sneaking over here?" I ask the cat. He flicks his tail and gives me a hurt look. "Oh, Meenie's not giving you enough attention."

I sit upright on my couch and shake my head to clear the sleep. It's only nine o'clock in the evening, and I must have conked right out after dinner.

I turn and give Luca a shy smile. "Was I snoring? Or drooling?"

He flicks the switch to get his coffee brewing. "You're my Sleeping Beauty," he says.

"Luca, I don't understand how you can drink coffee in the evening and still sleep."

"It's half-caff." He grabs one crutch to help him walk, and brings me a cup of tea with a speed that's surprising for a guy in a cast. "Careful, it's hot," he says.

I smooth down my hair, feeling self-conscious, and take the tea. "You take such good care of me."

"Hah!" He hops back to the kitchen to watch the coffee maker finish brewing his cup. "You're the one who looks after me," he says. "Trust me on this one. For a guy who grew up with just his father, I notice when a woman is being good to me."

"Who wouldn't be good to you? You're adorable."

He snorts, which only makes him look more adorable.

"You'd be surprised," he says. "I don't like to talk about the past, because it's all in the past, but I've dated some women with some weird ideas about how things should be. Some real Barbie doll types."

"Like that real estate agent? Somehow, I can't imagine you putting up with that for long."

He laughs, his sexy voice a deep rumble. I bite my lower lip. We haven't made love since this morning, and I'm already anticipating our next session. Just the mention of other women is making me want to claim Luca, body and soul.

The coffee maker finishes gurgling, and he hops back over to the couch and sits next to me.

"Cheers." He clinks his mug against my tea cup.

"Sorry I fell asleep after dinner like that. I was up late last night, worrying about my sister."

"Meenie? Why?"

Muffin jumps up on the couch with us and starts testing out whose lap is better. Luca pats the cat with his big hands, stroking him hard enough to pull Muffin's upper eyelids back so he looks like he's in a wind tunnel. The cat loves it, preferring Luca's lap over mine. The little traitor.

"Well, it's Tuesday. She's at her self-help group tonight, which is why the Muff-meister is over here. I'm worried that the group is becoming her main relationship. Do you think maybe it's a cult?"

Luca chuckles. "If she shaves her head and takes an interest in the tambourine, I'll get worried then." He leans over and plants a kiss on my lips. I don't like the taste of coffee, except for on Luca's mouth. I could taste that all night.

"Meenie's always had trouble with relationships."

He sips his coffee, listening without commenting.

I continue, "When we were eight, she'd hold boys down and kiss them. I swear this one family moved away from the neighborhood because they thought she was bullying their son."

Luca fights a smirk. "She's quite the girl. I like your sister, and not just because she reminds me of you. She's got a good heart, and she cares about other people. You know, I've got a mechanic at the shop who might like what she has to offer."

I reach up and pat his chest. "You're the one with the good heart." I keep rubbing, enjoying the ridges of his muscles under his shirt. He grabs my hand and kisses my fingertips.

"It's too early to pull out the bed," he says.

"Tease." I pull my hand away.

"We could watch some TV, or we could put on some music and play that Scrabble you have in the closet."

I jump up from the couch and race to get the Scrabble board. Muffin leaps into action like we're having a fire drill and scrambles out the open window. Tail held high, he crosses the back lawn to the main house.

When I come back to the couch to set up the board on the coffee table, Luca's staring at me with a look of adoration on his handsome face. His blue eyes are full of love.

"You look happy for someone who's about to get his butt kicked," I say.

"Tina, you know I'd do anything for you, right? And that includes playing badly to let you win."

"You're so bad." I put my hands on his shoulders and wrestle him back so he's lying on the couch with me on top of him. He grabs my butt and grinds me against him as he kisses me deeply.

After a moment, he pushes me away, growling, "It's still too early to pull the bed out."

I pull away from him and look into his eyes. "We don't need the bed. You can just take me over to that wall again."

He grins. "I almost got a butt cramp."

I cover his mouth. "Don't say that! Now I'll be thinking about butt cramps when you're making love to me."

The words wash over both of us at the same time. Making love. I said it.

"Tina..."

I pull away, sit up, and grab for my cup of tea, playing it cool.

He sits up and puts his arm around my shoulders, so I can't get away. "You're absolutely right," he says. "I do make love to you, and it's because I love you."

It's hard for me to swallow the tea, because of the lump in my throat. "I think I love you, too," I murmur.

"Of course you do. You wouldn't drive me around like my personal chauffeur and let me leave my chest hair in your tub if you didn't love me." He kisses the side of my face and nuzzles around my ear. He growls, "You wouldn't do that special thing you do, if you didn't love me."

I giggle and squirm. He's referring to a pleasuring technique that I'm ashamed to say I read about in Cosmopolitan. Many of their tips are downright ridiculous and could lead to an embarrassing doctor visit, but sometimes you get a good one.

I kiss him, feeling my temperature rising, then pull back. "It's still too early for me to do that special thing. You said so yourself."

He looks down at the Scrabble. "Then let's find a way to pass the time. Are you finished your tea? Let's open that wine Rory gave us, the pinot grigio."

I slurp back the rest of my tea. "Game on."

Our Scrabble game keeps getting interrupted by makeout sessions. Luca and I playfully argue over what time is a reasonable hour for two adults to go to bed.

He's got his hand up my shirt and is making a very good case for right now being the right time when there's an impatient knock at the door.

I run and pull the door open to find my sister.

She peers around my shoulder. "Did I interrupt your coitus?"

I resist the urge to strangle her. "Meenie, don't say that word."

She rolls her eyes. "You and Rory and your word hang-ups."

My eyes bulge out when I realize she's wearing her I heart BJ shirt. It's an 'I Love Beijing' shirt, but it sends a mixed message. I shake my head. And the girl wonders why she doesn't have a boyfriend. Where do I even start?

Meenie wrinkles her nose at the mess of laptops and Luca's stuff on the dining table. "You guys could take over the big house if you want."

Luca and I assure her we're just fine in the cottage. She helps herself to the open wine and joins us in our Scrabble game on the coffee table.

I look over at Luca, who's just read Meenie's I heart BJ T-shirt and is having a hard time keeping a straight face. I would apologize for my sister barging in, but he seems happy enough.

I guess that because he didn't grow up with any siblings, let alone girls, this is still a novelty for him. I'm glad he's having fun, because I can imagine us all having holidays together, and it's a nice picture in my head.

Tonight's going well. We had a nice dinner, I had a solid nap, and we said we loved each other. Life is good.

Luca wrestles the wine bottle from her to refill his own glass. "Your sister was telling me you're in a club Tuesday nights. I hope it's not the kind where you sign over all your personal possessions."

She gives him that look she used to give other wrestlers in high school, before she knocked them to the ground-sometimes in the cafeteria.

"It's a group for people who have problems," she says. "Not that I have problems myself. I thought it was a Weight Watchers group, but now I still go because it's fun."

"That's nice of you," Luca says, grinning.

"There's a new guy at group," she says, getting a shy smile. I haven't seen that kind of smile on Meenie's face in a long time. She's got a crush on someone, that's for sure.

She lets out a girly sigh, staring dreamily into outer space. "He's a total jackass. He's rude and crude, and he dresses like a department store mannequin. He smells like-don't take this the wrong way, Luca-but he smells like citrus and chocolate and balls."

Luca is hanging on her every word. "Why would I take that the wrong way?"

Meenie explains that the new guy is way hotter than Luca. She then goes on to describe him, in detail. I get a really bad feeling from what she's telling us, so I try to make it clear that she should take her therapist's advice to stay away.

"I disagree," Luca says, then he goes on to talk about fate and destiny. He doesn't know my sister's background, so he doesn't know he's throwing gas on the fire.

I try to focus on my letter tiles and words, letting them talk. My sister has a defiant personality, so if I put my foot down and come out against the guy, she'll only want him more.

Neither of them is trying to play the Scrabble board strategically, so I beat them easily. Meenie gets all cranky and tosses the board on the floor "by accident."

When she's in the washroom, I whisper to Luca, "She's a sore loser. Sorry I didn't warn you about that."

"It must have been fun growing up with a sister," he says.

"You can have her."

"When we get married, she'll be my sister."

The wine has made my ears not work as well, but he definitely just mentioned marriage. It was in the abstract, but still. Wow, this guy moves fast.

"My family is all yours," I tell him.

Grinning he pulls me in for a kiss.

We're interrupted by Meenie, stomping through on her way to the front door. "At least wait until I'm out of the house!" she says, pretending to be scandalized.

"I love you, sis!" I call after her.

She blows me a kiss and stumbles out drunkenly.

As soon as she's gone, I jump up and zip around the place closing all the blinds. I turn off all the lights, except for the small one in the kitchen, which will cast enough of a glow to keep us from bumping into things.

Luca tosses the cushions off the sofa like he's trashing a hotel room to find a suitcase of spy money. He folds out the bed, strips, and climbs on, completely na**d except for his cast. Even in the dim light, I can see the tension in his body as he watches me, anticipating my touch.

"Bed time at last," I say, walking toward him and undressing, taking my time.

His eyes stay on me, drinking me in as I slowly take off my clothes and then my underwear. He looks at me like I'm perfect, and that appreciation is even more intoxicating than the wine.

I climb onto the foot of the bed, moving like a wild jungle cat after her prey. He isn't asking me to do that special thing, which only makes me want to do it more.

Being mindful of his injured foot, I slowly kiss my way up along the tops of his thighs. I smell his musky skin between his legs, letting his scent further infuse me with lust.

With a feather-light touch, I slide my na**d body up along his. I gently kiss, lick, and bite my way up his chest to his neck. He moans with urgency as I nibble his earlobe.

I slide back down again, dragging my body over his until I'm settled between his legs. I nibble the skin at his hip bones, then move toward his center.

"Oh my, what's this?" I coo, acting like I've never seen such a thing.

"I don't know," Luca says, playing along. "The cast on my foot must be doing something to my circulation and causing swelling over here, in this general area. Honestly, it's never done that before."

I drag the tip of my tongue along his length. I hear his breath catch in his throat as I reach the tip and circle around.

"It's all swollen and hard," I say, smacking my lips.

"That's quite the sound," he growls.

"You mean this?" I lick my lips and smack them noisily.

He lets out a low, lusty groan. I smack my lips a few more times, in between licking him and taking him into my mouth.

We don't have any music playing or noisy distractions, because this is the special thing he likes: lip-smacking noises while I administer First Aid to his swollen appendage.

As far as kinks go, this is definitely something I can work with.

I keep at it, feeling his tension build until he's like a volcano.

When he can't hold back any more, he reaches down, grabs my shoulders, and pulls me up. We kiss while he grabs one of the condoms we keep in a hidden pocket inside a pillow and hands it to me.

I'm getting better at this task, thanks to plenty of practice. I know how to wrangle the shark into the Ziploc bag, so to speak. The key is checking that it's not upside-down.

Once it's in place, Luca moves himself up on the bed until he's sitting up with his back against the backrest of the sofa.

"What are you doing?" I ask, shaking my head.

"I'm thinking about our first time, how you climbed on my lap and lowered yourself onto me. You drove me crazy, like you always do, but that's when I knew then I was in deep, deep trouble."

I move up toward him and straddle his lap, his hard length pressed between our stomachs.

"You haven't seen trouble yet," I say with bravado.

He bows his head forward and sucks the sensitive skin on the side of my neck. He shifts his body and slips his hand down between my legs.

I gasp as he pushes one thick finger inside me. I rock against his touch as he slides in easily. He starts doing that magical thing he does, which is simply touching me with sweet, gentle passion. Everything he does feels amazing, and soon I'm gasping, desperate for more.

I rise up on my knees, guide him into place, and sink down upon him. I'm wet, but it still takes some movement and patience to accommodate him. He fills me, and transforms my body to a tingling extension of his. Or maybe I'm not an extension, but the missing part, the other half of the equation that makes us both whole.

"I love you," he whispers, his hands on my back. "You don't have to say it if you're not ready, but I can't hold back anymore."

I lean my head forward, my cheek touching his.

My lips at his ear, I say, "Luca." My pulse quickens, and I'm full of radiance. "Luca, I love you, too."

Deep inside me, I feel a spark that grows. My body takes over, and I'm rising and falling in rhythm, making love to him. He grasps my back, now feverishly hot.

We keep moving, as one, and as two, then one again.

I love you.

One of us says it again, but I don't know who.

I don't want this moment to end, but of course the instant I think that, I start to come. Luca shakes inside me, lifting his h*ps to keep us moving even as my body goes still, pulsing with pleasure.

His hand slides up my back, grabs a handful of hair near the base of my skull, and pulls my head back.

My mouth opens, and my soft cries of pleasure get loud and fill the room. He kisses my neck and holds me tight, burying himself deep inside me. He groans and loses control.

He releases my hair, and his hands slide down my back slowly, his fingertips easing my tension and spreading the pulsing pleasure through my whole body.

Perfect.

Once we're finished moving, we untangle casually.

The awkwardness that sometimes happens after sex isn't happening. Not with Luca. Everything feels right.

He retreats to the washroom first, and I join him after a few minutes.

When I walk in, he kisses my forehead and hands me my toothbrush.

"Hang on," he says, his blue eyes relaxed and sleepy. He grabs the toothpaste and squeezes a tiny dollop onto my toothbrush.

"I'd like a little more, please," I say.

He squeezes a huge blob onto the brush.

"That's too much." I shake my head.

He grabs his own toothbrush-the blue one-and takes back some of the toothpaste for himself.

"Perfect."

He grins and starts brushing his teeth.

A thought occurs to me: This is what making love means. You have sex, and then you brush your teeth together. You don't do this with someone you don't love.

I'm happy.

Chapter 25

We pull the bike into the hospital parking lot. Luca's arms are wrapped around me, and I'm the one steering the bike.

Luca says it's my bike now, but I think it's too early in the relationship for such extravagant gifts. We've only been back together for a few months, but by the way things are going, I'll probably relent and start calling it my bike soon.

The doctors didn't want Luca riding while his foot was still in the cast. They did say he could go on a few rides, but only if someone else drove. I think that suggestion was a joke on the doctor's part, but Luca called a friend that night to set me up with lessons.

I like riding. I like the rumble of the engine, and the way leaning from side to side for balance feels like your whole body is connecting with motion. It's great exercise, too. I could never have muscles like Luca's but I'm building strength and balance.

And I look really hot in black leather pants.

Luca hops off the bike on his boot side and waits for me to get under his arm. The bad part about taking the bike anywhere is there's no way we're taking the crutches. People already stare enough as it is, with a girl in front and the guy with a big cast on his foot.

We hop our way into the waiting room and take a seat.

Luca is excited about getting the cast off. We brought with us a new pair of boots that lace up, so he doesn't strain the mending bone.

I pick up a magazine, and Luca sighs.

I put down the magazine again and turn to him. "What's going on?"

He grins. "My foot is aching a bit. Slide over here and give me some sugar."

I glance around the waiting room. There are a few people reading magazines, pretending they didn't hear him.

This has been our little game for the last several weeks. He only took painkillers for the first two days after the accident, then he switched over to "natural" painkillers. The treatments involve me kissing or massaging him, or the other way around. I can't say I mind the "natural" approach at all.

He puts his arm around me and steals a long kiss. His lips ignite my passionate feelings instantly. I pull away quickly, before I embarrass myself by moaning in public, here in this hospital waiting room.

He leans over and nuzzles in my ear, "Let me see it."

I turn and give him a shocked look. "I'm wearing jeans," I whisper.

He rolls his yes. "I mean your little O face."

My cheeks feel hot. "Have you lost your mind?"

He tugs up my shirt, exposing my midriff. "There it is," he says.

I yank my shirt down. One of the ladies across from us smiles. She probably thinks I'm having a baby-which I most certainly am not. I'm on birth control now, and while having a baby is definitely an option for the future, it's not happening just yet.

He pulls my shirt up again and says, "O face."

I pull it down again. "What's gotten into you? What O face?"

"This one." He lifts my shirt and points to three little freckles that form a triangle above my belly button. "Eye, eye, nose." He pokes my navel. "Mouth. See? It's a face, and the mouth is open like it's saying O."

Suddenly, a whole bunch of things make sense.

"Is that why I catch you talking to my stomach sometimes?"

"Do I do that?"

"Yes, you do." I shake my head, letting out a small laugh of relief. "I thought maybe you were obsessed with getting me pregnant or something."

He pulls back, his eyes wide. "Easy now."

"Well, what was I supposed to think?" I tug my shirt back down. "Not that I even want that sort of thing right now."

"Of course not. We have to get married first, and tour the world, of course. Should we get married in a vineyard, or just go there for the honeymoon?"

I blink at him. "Did you take one of those Vicodin? Where's this wedding talk coming from?"

He pulls away from me and reaches into the pocket of his leather jacket. He clears his throat, and eases himself down onto his knee in front of me.

"Tina, I have a question for you."

Now everyone in the waiting room is looking our way.

My cheeks are feeling very hot, and my pulse is rushing in my ears.

My voice is high and stretched thin. "Yes, Luca?"

He pulls from his pocket the tiniest diamond ring in existence. It's the same size as the other charms on my charm bracelet.

He frowns down at the ring. "That's funny. It seemed bigger in the store. Wait a minute. Hold onto this." He drops the charm into my shaking hand.

He reaches into his pocket again, and this time he pulls out a ring made to fit on my finger.

The ring is the second most beautiful thing I've ever seen.

The most beautiful thing I've ever seen is Luca's blue eyes, glistening as he looks up at me and asks, "Will you marry me?"

I'm so overcome with emotion that I barely choke out, "Yes."

I lean forward and wrap my arms around his big shoulders.

The other patients and nurses around us clap and cheer.

This isn't the way most people get engaged. They don't do it in a hospital waiting room, in front of a giant mural of ducks flying over a lake.

Some of the worst moments of my life have happened here in this waiting room. I don't know if Luca has sensed that, or if he was planning to propose tonight at our fancy dinner and simply decided he couldn't wait.

As he pushes the ring onto my finger, the world comes apart at all its seams. Time is no longer linear, and every moment of my life is happening at the same time. I can see the future as easily as the past, and it doesn't matter what has happened or what will happen.

I'm going to marry Luca Lowell. We'll fight, but we'll never give up, and we'll never walk away mad.

It doesn't matter that it took a broken foot for us to reconnect. In my heart, I know we would have, one way or another.

It doesn't matter that we're getting engaged in a hospital waiting room.

It doesn't matter that nothing lasts forever, or that some things are too big to ever get over.

All that matters is this moment, what we feel, and what we choose to care about.

Love matters.

And, of course, friends, and family, and learning how to ride a bike, and learning how to make up after a fight.

Trust. Hope. Compassion.

But above all else, love.

THE END of BLUE ROSES

