Prologue

In the eyes of God, the truth is living and active, sharper than any double-edged sword, piercing to the division of soul and of spirit, of joints and of marrow, discerning the thoughts and intentions of the heart.

The truth lay before us cloaked in the lie of expensive clothing, fine education, dollar bills stacked to the throne of God. The deceivers pulled out all the stops with their sleight of hand, offering a new life, new bonds, forsaking the old, forgetting them entirely. But the metallic scent of blood lingered in the air. The smoke of the past occluded my vision. It burned and stung until I cried out for mercy and found a path of light that offered the clarity and peace only the truth could bring.

True love burns bright in the eye of adversity. It is the heart that nestles the past, cradles and cares for it as if it were a newborn. But wounds drilled craters into those cherished memories. Hurt and pain adulterated all that was once precious and unspoiled. Then a new love came with the power to bind the aching wounds, to stop the bleeding. It healed the heart, the soul, and promised to build a path to the future.

Sometimes you have to say goodbye to the past entirely to ever set foot in the future, but my heart lies in the precarious balance between the old and the new. I walk the tightrope made from adulation and allegiance with no net and no compass, leaving me stranded in the middle without an inkling of which direction to turn.

They say old friends are the best, but life has taught me that sometimes new friends are better. They are the bridge, the safety net I so desire, and it is through them that sanity and reason usher me to the safe haven filled with the answers-the resolutions I long for.

True love. I hold it in my right hand and my left. I cannot breathe without one and cannot survive without the other. In their own way each takes me to those pleasant places, those hazy days of sugared lust and treasured kisses, but in the end only one will remain. I cannot breathe without one or survive without the other. A part of me will surely die.

Just outside the borders of the truth, death waits for me with its open arms, its hasty grin as I lumber toward it like a bird with oiled wings.

I cannot forget the past, I cannot endure the future-either way, it all ends in tragedy.

God is right. The truth is a double-edged sword, discerning the thoughts and intentions of the heart. He never said it wouldn't hurt like hell.

And it does.

1

The Slaughter of Plenty

Laken

The October sky lies, blank and wide, soft as felt with the stars freckling the expanse in a spectacular show of bravado. The evergreens spear into the night like charred daggers, like spirits rooted in bondage, unable to flee to the promise of some unknowable paradise.

"Welcome to the Slaughter of Plenty." A voice cuts through the dark clearing.

It's eerie like this, standing in some demonic circle with at least a dozen Counts from the local chapter. I recognize most of them from Ephemeral-the boarding school in which we reside. Wesley and I stand in number, shoulder to shoulder with our long velvet robes. The cool satin that lines the inside inspires my teeth to chatter. I've never been to the Slaughter of Plenty before, some mandatory ritual to start the New Moon ceremony off with a bang-or more accurately with a murder.

"Ready the sacrifice."

I know that voice. It's Blaine, Wesley's supposed brother. In the real world, where the Countenance kidnap their victims from, Wesley has no brother. He has a different mother and a different last name all together, but for the sake of sanity and reason, I play along and declare a throaty Amen when the mock prayer comes to a conclusion.

"This isn't going to be a big deal." Wesley blows the words hot over my ear, sending a shiver up my spine. "I promise."

I glance at him. Wesley is sublime in this shadowed world. The reserve light gravitates to his features and illuminates him as some mythological creature, a god who slays women by the sheer heft of his beauty. His dark hair feathers back like wings. His sea green eyes deny the darkness its right to bleed them of all color and they burst to life under these dismal circumstances. He's so gorgeous it takes effort, on my part, not to bow at his feet. Everything in me yearns to be near him, with him. Wesley Parker is the keeper of my heart whether he knows it or not. He doesn't remember a thing about our old life in Kansas, where we stole kisses on lazy summer afternoons. He believes he's Wesley Paxton, some pompous aristocrat in the making with a pocketful of money to prove it. He thinks I fell from a tree and fabricated Cider Plains, and all those sweet memories of who we were-that they were byproducts of my injury. But I know the truth. I didn't fall from a tree house and end up at the hospital. I dove through a windshield and ended up at Ephemeral. Wesley and I were both dead and now we're alive as the children of Nephilim descent, belonging to a crooked faction known as the Countenance.

A guttural laugh garners my attention from across the expansive flat rock. It's Fletcher, my true brother both in the real world and this quasi-fictional one in which we're wealthy, healthy, and supposedly wise. His blond hair glints like a threat as he brays in the night like a donkey.

Fletch comes around and hands us each a long, silver blade. The metal handle sears the palm of my hand like a branding iron as if it had sat in the freezer, the oven.

"You don't need to kill," Wes whispers. His dimples tremble as if he were sorry I had to experience any of this to begin with. "We just need to puncture them for a sprinkling of their blood. Each of us makes a private decision on whether or not to kill."

I try to process his words as a pale blue fog drifts into the vicinity. It puffs around the stone, around our bodies as if it were a presence that came to join us-a form of wickedness in disguise. The Countenance themselves profess to be angels, minus the harp, and wings, and overall notion of righteousness.

Cooper blinks through my mind-my angel in the truest sense. He's the blond god of Nordic descent who is more than ready and willing to take on this rogue Viking-this Philistine that Wes has morphed into.

But Wesley is my only hope of freeing my mother and my little sister, Lacey, from the demons who stowed them away to have their blood drained-their Celestra blood-as a means to enrich their own demonic breed. Of course, I'm not lucky enough to be a Celestra. I'm a full-blooded Count-a purported enemy of the aforementioned faction, and how I came to be a spawn of pure evil is still a mystery to me. It's one of the many things I'd like an answer to, but for now, rescuing my family is top priority. The questions I have, the answers I seek, will all have to wait.

"Wes, would you kill for me?" A tiny smile hedges on my lips as I clutch the blade like a threat.

"You bet I'd kill for you." Wes dots the homicidal intention with a kiss, and my insides rip with fire. Wesley has far too much power over me. All of the headiness of first love resides with him. He creates a buoyancy in my spirit whenever he's around. I wish he didn't. I wish I hated Wesley with everything in me. That would make being his enemy a hell of a lot easier.

A series of childlike screams erupt from an overgrown crate that Blaine and Fletch haul over-the sacrifice of the evening, no doubt.

A ragged breath escapes me as I cast a glance at the forest that skirts the vicinity. Cooper is out there somewhere, amidst the creatures that roam these woods, in an effort to watch over me.

"You don't have to kill for me, Wes." It comes out soft like a dream. Everything feels like a dream in these nocturnal woods tonight.

Kresley licks her lips while glaring right at me. Her fingers curl around her knife like a promise. She's the one Wes spent his time with, surrendered the most intimate part of himself to while we were apart, and now she wants him back with a fervor.

Wes picks up my hand and gives a gentle squeeze.

Forget about killing the damn birds. I'll be too busy making sure Kres keeps her weaponry the hell away from Laken.

A dull laugh rattles from me as I free myself from his fingers. I still have enough of Cooper's Celestra blood satiating my cellular structure, enabling me to read anyone's thoughts through the simple act of touch. Of course, Wes can read my thoughts, too, but for far more nefarious reasons. I wonder if Wes would be so eager to kill for me tonight if he knew I was playing him. That I was onto his little game and was determined to take him and the entire lot of our vermin breed out of the celestial picture?

I'm pretty sure the repercussions would be huge. Cooper Flanders would wind up dead-or worse. He would disappear from the planet if Wes knew he was working with me to dismantle the network of body snatchers I bore my allegiance to.

"State your lineage." Blaine howls it into the wind like a battle cry that carries for miles.

He points to the person on my left and progresses from Count to Count as each of the hooded entities state their father's name and pledge themselves as a member of the Countenance.

"Conrad Paxton." Wesley sounds off with the lusty cry of a soldier reporting for duty. "I bear the blood of the Counts."

I'm thrown for a moment. Who the hell is Conrad?

A beat of unnatural silence ticks by, and suddenly all eyes are on me-the last and final inquiry of the evening.

"Laken," Fletch hisses. "Wake up."

Crap.

I give Wes a nervous look.

"Say your father's name and state the Countenance." Wes seems irritated that I haven't been paying attention.

The smooth scent of the evergreens wafts in with a chilled breeze. The cries of the peafowl scream into the night like small children begging for mercy.

My father?

Shit.

In the fertility of my imagination, my father is a tall man with broad shoulders as wide as a baseball bat. He speaks seven different languages, is well versed in Shakespeare, and often recites scripture from the King James Bible-words stream from his mouth like a song. In reality, my father was a phantom who bent my mother over at a truck stop and inseminated her with a rush of seed in a heated exchange of lust that could only be classified as primal and dirty. That's how I came to be, my sister before me at a bar, and the younger one after me in the depressed state of a trailer that still lies on the property. I gleaned this knowledge through one of my mother's drunken confessions, her midnight murmurs that were often laced with the kind of clarity only 80 proof Bacardi could afford.

"God Almighty," I say it crisp and clean. My voice echoes through the emerging fog like a siren.

A titter of laughter follows suit.

"Bold profession." Blaine steps onto the stone and catches the sword in his hand as if he were challenging me to a duel. The whites of his eyes glow from beneath his hood as the only discernable human feature. "Do you think you're special, Laken?" He cuts the words with a hint of sarcasm.

"I do." I'm betting the tip of my blade finds its way between his thighs in under thirty seconds.

Wes takes up my hand as the entire group steps onto the Stone of Sacrifice-each with a silver seam of metal erect at the wrist.

Shit. She can't remember her dad's name?

Wes sighs and a plume of disappointment explodes from his nostrils. Wes as the fire-breathing dragon amuses me.

Fletch shakes out a barbaric cage comprised of long wooden sticks, and a small flock of peacocks strut out in a flurry. A lone male trots to the center of the stone and fans his feathers in a display of his God-given resplendence.

"Let us begin." Blaine touches his lips to a ram's horn, and a dull moan escapes the curved ornament.

The birds scatter in a frenzy.

"God, forgive me." The words quiver from under my breath.

The cloaked figures come in low and begin jabbing their knives at the feathered creatures.

This is my moment. I won't let the blood of my mother and sister rest quiet. If I'm going to integrate myself as one of these demons, I'll need to make a point-dirty my hands with blood. Blood is truly the only language these monsters understand.

I jostle my way into the crowd. My blade hacks its way through the throng of winged creatures with the intensity of a medieval executioner. The serrated edge of my knife dips through the cartilage of one of the unfortunate beasts and sticks, forcing me to step on its body to pull my weapon free. It lets out a scream that carries to eternity, and beneath its painful warble, I hear Lacey's voice collapsing with fear.

I stare at the blood on my blade a very long time as bodies swarm around me-blood and feathers rise to the sky with the laughter of the Counts intermingled.

We're hurting them, removing them from the planet in the most hostile manner possible. I never wanted to hurt anybody or anything and here I had become one of them, assimilated, easy as breathing.

My head explodes with a pain so electric my vision blurs, and a wave of nausea rolls through me.

A hand flops over my shoulder, and I look up to find Grayson snarling at me with her perfect bowtie pout, her deep-well of a cle**age prominently displayed through the plunge in her robe. Those long blonde locks, those wide haunted eyes make her look like the goddess of seduction even in this distorted world of shadows.

The sharp slice of her blade strikes me just above the elbow, and I jump back from her reach.

"Oh, I'm sorry." She brings a perfectly manicured hand to her lips, but I could still make out her smile-hear the glee in her voice. "Did I nick you?"

I could stab her. In this dark chaos, I could gut both her and Kresley and chalk it up to a happy accident.

"Laken!" Wes shouts from the opposite end of the stone.

A hard wallop crashes over my skull, and I drop to my knees. A trickle of warm liquid runs down my temple, highlighting the headache I already had brewing.

The world blinks in and out of focus. The crowd begins to clear from the stone as Wes speeds over, but it's the birds that hold my attention-dozens of them squawking in pain, their bodies writhing from their wounds. These were far more than simple punctures. These animals were set up to suffer, agonize for hours-days, with inflictions that would prove to be lethal.

There is no truer analogy of the Counts than this right here. The capture of an innocent creature-making it bleed in the name of the Countenance and their false values.

My body quakes as I take in the mayhem. To do nothing would be to yield to the wickedness-to bow to it, become it.

I jab my knife against the stone as I crawl to my knees. I need to do something-I need to help.

The most humane way to kill a beast is by breaking its neck. Death, in and of itself, is sometimes the most sought after respite from suffering.

I try to stand, but my foot glides in a slick of blood.

Wes reaches for me, but I give him a violent push in the opposite direction.

Instead, my blade finds the long velvet necks of each one of those birds as I carry out a decapitating spree that goes on for what feels like hours.

"Shit, Laken!" Fletch roars in disbelief at the carnage I've inflicted. "What the f**k?"

"They were suffering." I glance up at the crowd with their hoods pulled back, their eyes locked in horror. I rise to my feet, the blade steady in my hand-blood dripping to my ankles. I latch my gaze over Wes as I try to steady my breathing. "I won't let anything, or anybody, suffer."

Especially not Celestra. Although it's not their heads I'm after.

It's the Counts.

Cooper

Henderson Hall is pumping with bodies that gyrate to the over processed bass.

I push through the crowd, making my way toward the back. All I really want to do is find a nice spot to keep an eye on the door. Laken texted an hour ago and said she was just about to step in the shower-that the slaughter went well.

I know for a fact it went better than well. I saw the whole thing materialize like some horror movie through a pair of night vision goggles that Flynn let me borrow.

A soft body rubs against me from behind. I'm guessing its female, equipped with 46 double D's. A hand emerges from between my legs and cups me with a firm squeeze.

"Whoa." I take a solid step forward, and Grayson bounces into my line of vision.

"Gotcha!" She winks. Her breath washes over me with some serious beer blowback. "Wanna play?" She wraps a finger around one of her lone blonde curls and pulls it through her lips in an effort to get my dick riled up.

"I'm good." I swipe a soda off the table in a lame attempt to keep my hands busy.

"Oh hon, you're not gonna have any fun with that." She snatches the can from me and backs me into a wall.

Crap.

I sink down a little trying to free myself from her indelicate stronghold as she lands her chest in my face, round and soft like flesh-covered pillows.

Her lips come in for the kill-then in an unexpected move, she flies back with a jolt and lands flat on the floor.

"Oh, I'm so sorry!" Laken feigns a look of surprise.

My entire body loosens when I see her.

Laken showing up on the scene like some estrogen powered superhero makes my lips curve with a devilish smile.

"I didn't see you standing there," she continues to Grayson. "I just tripped right into you."

I try to hold back a laugh. Our eyes lock, and the room disintegrates to a black and white world of shadow and light. Laken brings the color. Laken is water and oxygen, and everything I need to survive, but I don't tell her that-most likely never will.

Kresley is quick to the rescue, offering her buddy a hand off the floor as the two of them glower at Laken. Grayson cuts me a look that could smash my balls like a hammer, so I break our gaze and stare out at the crowd for a moment.

"If you ever get tired of playing with little girls, let me know." She gravels it out so low it sounds like a threat.

Kres gets in Laken's face, and for a second I'm thinking the claws are coming out.

"I'll find Wes and send him over." Kres bites down over her pink lip as she twists into Laken. "I wouldn't want him to miss his 'girlfriend' hitting on another guy." The two of them stalk off into the crowd. I wish they'd magically disappear. I wish a lot of people would disappear from Ephemeral, and Laken's "boyfriend" is at the top of the list.

"That went well." Laken bats those dark lashes at me. Just one look at those sea glass eyes, and my stomach tightens in a knot. "I mean"-she glances down, holding back a smile-"I really didn't see her."

A silent laugh rumbles through me.

"And, I've got someplace I really 'don't mean' to take you." I slip my hand low over her waist and walk her backward into the kitchen. Laken smolders into me like she wants this, like she wants us.

I pull her inside the pantry and secure it shut by way of my shoe.

"Tell me everything." I rub my lips over her ear as I whisper the words.

"Coop." She buries her face in my chest. "It was horrible. I did the unthinkable- I killed." She blinks up with tears lining her lashes.

"It's okay. You did what you had to." I let out a breath. "You're in now. Wes knows he can trust you, that's all we need."

We. My chest rumbles at the thought.

"There is a we." Laken says it meekly while stroking the back of my neck with her fingers. "We're a team remember?"

"Yes-I do." I pull her in and take in the scent from her hair. "We're a team." But Wes is out there waiting for her, and the Counts have my balls hogtied at the moment. "Homework assignment." I pull back trying to sound playful, but really I'm getting down to brass tacks. "Tell Wes you're ready for the next step-that you want to dig in deep. If you're hungry enough, he won't deny you." God knows I wouldn't.

Laken presses out a soft smile, her fingers still spinning slowly over the back of my head.

"I know you wouldn't deny me anything, Cooper Flanders." Her breathing grows erratic, she pushes in close as if she's about to kiss me, but I pull out of reach like the moron I am.

"Sorry," I whisper. "I don't want you to have any feelings of remorse-or guilt around Wes. He's like an animal. He'll pick up on it. The last thing we want is for him to put up a wall." Which is true, but I could've said all that crap after she landed her mouth over mine.

She lets out a little laugh with her chest crushing against me until I feel every flawless curve.

"That's what I like best about you, Coop. You're nothing but a perfect gentleman." Her porcelain skin glows under the dim light slicing through the pantry.

I don't always plan on being a perfect gentleman with Laken, but I don't say it. And I don't mind at all if she heard.

Laken lays her cheek against my chest and closes her eyes a moment. Her hand travels down my spine so achingly slow it takes everything in me not to groan.

"We'd better get back out there," she whispers. "I have a feeling it's time for me to start on that 'homework.'"

I peer out the door and find the kitchen empty, so I usher us back out to the party. I let Laken ditch into the crowd a minute before making my way out the carnal gate.

Fallon has her top off and she's dancing full throttle in her black lace bra as if Flynn weren't uploading it to YouTube right this very minute.

"Coop!" Laken barrels through the crowd and lunges into me.

"Hey!" I stumble backward before catching my footing. "Can't get enough, huh?" I grin as I catch her by the waist.

Her face contorts in horror, her eyes wide with fright.

"What the hell's going on?" I pull her in with total disregard as to who might be watching. "You look like you just saw a ghost."

"Laken!" Jen appears and spins her sister out of my arms. "You are amazingly rude. Do you know that? I was right in the middle of introducing you to your new house sister! What's the matter with you? It's like your hormones are on overdrive and you can't control it for one freaking minute. And with Cooper? Really? You have no shame, Laken." Jen turns to me. "No offense, Coop, but she has a boyfriend."

"I've been told." Twice tonight, to be exact.

I look past Jen at an all too familiar blonde with her hair curled under her ears and a crooked smile that holds more than its fair share of secrets.

Shit.

She comes up on us, and Jen pulls her in.

"Hattie, this is my sister Laken and her friend, Cooper Flanders. Cooper is Ephemeral's star football player." She throws in the promo like she's ready to auction me off to the questionable girl standing before us-questionable because I'm pretty damn sure she's not human.

"Hattie Tobias." Her eyes widen an eerie shade of black, no pupil, just one dark unnatural circle. She shakes Laken's hand and nods over in my direction as if formal introductions to the dead were a regular occurrence-and knowing Ephemeral, they just might be.

Jen clears her throat. "It looks like I'm going to score the den mother's room in the basement." She beams. "It hasn't been used in years, but rumor has it, its huge in comparison to the rat-hole they have us trapped in. No offence to Austen House." She dips when she says it. "Anyway, she'll be your new roommate as soon I clean it out. In the meantime, she's bunking with Carter and Fallon." Jen flips her blonde mane as if to punctuate her point. But I can't take my eyes off Hattie, haunting us here, live and in the flesh.

Wesley struts up like he owns the place-like he owns Laken and wraps an arm around her while pressing a kiss against her cheek. He glares over at me a moment before spinning her into him. "You ready to blow this Popsicle stand?"

"You bet." Laken looks over at Hattie, filled with suspicion.

Jen dissolves into the crowd, and an awkward silence crops up in our circle.

Laken offers a forlorn smile before perking to life again.

"Catch you later, Coop." She pulls her cheek back with a dissatisfied look as if she were speaking in code-telling me she'd rather eat a plate full of greasy worms than hang out with Wes Paxton. But I know that's just wishful thinking. Laken loves Wes-even if I wished she didn't.

"Later man." He socks me in the arm before pulling me in. "There's a bowlful of condoms under the bathroom sink. Help yourself, bro." He nods over to Hattie. "Have fun."

Have fun.

I watch as Wes escorts Laken right out the front door. You'd think he were rushing her out of a burning building the way he manhandled her to the exit. He's partially right. Something is definitely burning between Laken and me, and it's very damn real.

"So what are you doing here, Hattie?" I ask my long-dead friend. "And where's your other half?"

"Other half?" She cuts her dark eyes over the vicinity. Hattie takes in the modern day teen population as they lose it to the music blaring over the speakers. You would think an orgy were about to break out the way some of the girls just went into full throttle stripper mode. "You want to know why I'm here? Don't you?" She gives a placid smile as if it were rehearsed, as if she had only heard of the concept, and initiating it took great effort.

"I'll bite." Not Hattie though. You couldn't pay me to touch my mouth to any part of her body or her evil twin circa 1953. Wes can take his bowlful of condoms and shove them up his ass.

"I'm here to do what you could never hope to."

"What's that?"

"Find my family."

Wesley

The stars cloak themselves with a thin veil of fog as Laken and I drive the last leg to Charity Lake. I took my own advice and armed myself with a handful of rubbers. Of course, that was earlier before I ever mentioned it to Coop. Not that I plan on needing a prophylactic defense strategy-quite the opposite. I'm still committed to the fact she should at least be able to remember my name, or that of her father, before we actually employ the services of a penile missile shield. But lately, when I'm around Laken, I want to go there. I'm weak, and if Laken is willing, I don't stand a chance.

My mind bounces back to Coop.

I tighten my hands around the wheel and pretend it's his neck.

As soon as I saw Laken run into his arms, I wanted to head over and beat the living shit out of him.

Laken shifts her body into mine and I pony up a little smile. Laken is a work of art. I can't blame Coop for admiring her God-given ability to outshine every girl in the room, but it's another thing to have her running to him like he's some savior in blue jeans.

"So anything exciting happen before I got there?" I try to make it sound light, but really I want her to tell me what sent her flying to Flanders like they were magnets you couldn't pull apart if you tried. And that's exactly what I'm afraid I'll discover.

"There's a new student." Laken sits up, and her sweater slips off her shoulder. She didn't bring a jacket. I promised to keep her plenty warm, but I like the direction her clothes are headed.

"The blonde?" I try to sound casual. "Coop looked like he was into her."

Laken smirks into her reflection.

Shit. Laken's the one that's into him.

A hot stone settles in the pit of my stomach.

I'd better cut Flanders out of the conversation before he gets too far into her head. The only thing I want her to focus on is us, as in Laken and me. Just the thought sends a surge of adrenaline through my veins.

I park as close to the lake as possible and reach for the blanket in the backseat. I come around and help her out, slipping an arm around her waist. I've been preparing for an emergency of the sexual variety with Laken ever since we exchanged I love yous. Speaking of which...

"How's your memory?" I know for a fact it's still in the shitter because she couldn't remember her own father's name at the meeting tonight.

"Crappy." She gives my hand a squeeze. Her honey-colored hair sweeps down her back in waves, soft as silk, and it calls for me to bury myself in it.

My boxers tick to life, and I hope to God Laken is up for letting me bury myself in places that are specific to her anatomy.

"Is this our spot?" She dances us over to where the willow trees meet up with the sand.

"Every spot on the planet is our spot." I press my lips over hers and keep them there until she pulls away.

"Speaking of the planet and normal earthly things..." She bites down on her lip as if unsure how to proceed. "That was pretty wild tonight."

The slaughter, she carried out, comes back to me in snatches.

"You were pretty wild tonight." I lie the blanket down and pull her to the ground with me. Her hair whips over my face in an erotic display of innocence-like a thousand silken leashes. Laken can tether my body with her hair anytime she'd like.

I have a feeling she's about to turn this into another slaughter, the one in which I let her sexually decimate me. I give a lazy grin as I roll on top of her.

"Remind me to never get on your bad side," I say. "You swing a wicked sickle."

"You couldn't get on my bad side if you tried, Wesley Parker." She seals it with a kiss, her tongue roaming sweetly over mine until she pulls back, embarrassed by her gaff.

"I meant, Paxton." She shakes her head in frustration. "This crazy night has me all mixed up, sorry." She lets out a breath, and a river of fog escapes from her lips. "I think I'm getting better though. I've had some memories of Jen and me when we were little."

"Was she pulling your hair?" I brush my lips over her cheek. I'm not all that interested in dragging Jen into our private time, but if it helps her remember, then I say bring it.

"No, she was trying on clothes. We were shopping at the mall."

"Sounds exciting." I get up on my elbow and admire her like this, with the moon sprinkling down its ethereal benediction over her. Laken is fluid and sparkling in this murky, post midnight, world-a tonic of the gods, the finest champagne.

She interlaces our fingers and brings my hand to her lips.

Laken's coming back to me in pieces-she's just about there. I don't see what's stopping us from taking our relationship to the next level.

Her mouth rounds out with surprise, and I cover it with my own before another memory of Jen or, God forbid, Fletch surfaces and deflates my budding hard-on. Fletch would have my balls on a skewer if he knew the moves I was dying to try out with his sister. But this isn't just anybody's sister, this is Laken-my Laken. The one I've wanted for as long as I can remember. I've sunk us in a thousand indecent dreams, and now tonight, after watching her swim through blood like some bona fide Countenance princess, I'm ready and willing to make each one of those fantasies come true.

Laken lets out a moan as my body writhes over hers. The iced breeze is just enough to give me pause before disrobing us both in a fury.

"It's kind of cold, don't you think?" She blows the words into my ear, and my stomach clenches.

Shit.

"You're right," I say, doubling the blanket over us, creating a tent that leaves us oven-hot in more ways than one.

Laken pulls me in by the neck and delivers a mind-blowing kiss that stretches out for mile after hypnotic mile. She wants this, Laken wants me, and the idea sends my testosterone rising. I run my hands up her sweater and glide past her sculpted ribs, stopping just shy of her bra.

An image of Cooper bounces through her mind and freezes me solid.

What the f**k?

"You okay?" I dot her nose with a kiss and examine her through the filtered light.

Her lips twitch. "Of course I'm okay." She pulls me back down to a kiss. "I'm with you, so everything is right in the world."

God, I hope Coop is getting it on with that girl. The thought thumps through her head, and I don't mind one bit listening in. The way he keeps hitting on me is really starting to piss me off. I wish he could see me with Wes-see how happy I am with him. I'd mention it to Wes, but I'm not in the mood to ruin the moment with "Coop the Stalker."

Coop the Stalker-a dull laugh rattles from my chest.

Laken and I indulge in a heated liplock that could set the world on fire. I wish it would. I wish the world would burn to ashes if it meant Laken and I never had to let go of one another.

I'm glad about Coop-glad that Laken isn't trying to procure him for herself. If she was, I might have to arrange an accident for Flanders-one of the permanent variety.

My hands slip into her jeans. I round out to the front and unhook her button. Her zipper slides down without any effort as if I willed it to happen-as if she did.

"Um..." She scoots back letting me know I've crossed a line. I'm pretty sure my dick can pack it up for the night.

"I'm sorry." I pick up her hand and bury a kiss in her palm. It feels soft, foreign. I like the way it conforms to my lips. It makes me curious as to what her other parts might feel like-and what I wouldn't do to find out. "You're not ready."

"No, no." She pulls me back down over her. "I am ready." It comes out a little too eager. "Just not tonight, not like this." She plucks at the sand with her fingers. "I want our first time to be special. I want us to have all night with nowhere to go." She runs her thumb over my chin. "I want to wake up next to you in the morning and do it all over again."

My muscles seize. Everything in me aches to have her.

"I love you, Laken Anderson." I crash my lips over hers and deliver a serious tongue-lashing born of love. How I wouldn't like to lash the rest of her, inch-by-inch, so painfully slow I'd explode from the effort.

Cooper blinks through her mind again. She envisions his lonely face, those drawn out eyes that have every girl on campus dropping to their knees.

He's in her head again.

Looks like I need to put an end to this before he crawls down into her heart.

Nope, not going to let Cooper worm his way into Laken's anything, least of all her jeans.

I slip my hands over her bottom and feel her soft, warm skin.

Laken's body and heart, I want them both to be mine.

2

The Heat is On

Laken

Monday morning, I sit and gaze out the oversized window from my dorm and marvel how the days blink by like a dove swatting its wings in flight. I wonder where we're headed. Where it is exactly this manufactured destiny proposes to take me-to take all of us.

Behind me, Jen drools into her phone, conducting her regular morning sexting session with Jackson-a lanky boy from the basketball team. It's weird seeing Jen so stratospherically happy after she was such a frustrated mess with "insane Blaine" who bagged every babe he could while under the guise of their committed relationship.

The fog smooths over the rolling hills on the other side of the frozen glass. The sun tries to break through the haze, staining the horizon with a salmon bruise. People huddle in overcoats as they shuffle along the intricate walkways. They look small as sparrows who have had their wings clipped-trapped at Ephemeral like some luxurious, opulent prison. The campus gleams and glitters. Ephemeral Academy is a masterwork of beauty with its cathedral-like buildings and winding brick roads.

The dark forest that hedges along the property catches my attention. It gives a private whisper while the fog strays from its border as if it were too afraid to go there. That's where I last saw Casper, my ex-roommate for less than a week. Someone or something took her. Turns out, Casper was of Celestra descent like my mother and sister. And I can only assume they're all holed up in the nebulous "tunnels," being drained of their lifeblood for the sport of it.

"Let's go!" Jen's voice hits its upper register and sends a cluster bomb of a headache railing through my temples.

It takes a second to figure out Jen is barking at me rather than Jackson. She buries the phone in her blazer and hitches her thumb to the door.

"I talked to Blaine last night." She blinks into her statement. "Heard you really showed 'em who was boss at the commencement."

"Blaine?" Personally, I'm disgusted Jen still lets him entertain her with those vocal exercises of his that never seem to include the truth. "Please, don't let that dick-nose worm his way back into your life. Trust me, I should know. I've had more than my fair share of ass**les that tried to screw me over, in more ways than one." Tucker Donavan springs to mind, my once upon a boyfriend. He was more your f**k 'em and leave 'em type, only he decided to try a girlfriend on for size and to my misfortune that happened to be me.

"It was business." She averts her eyes as if I should know better-and I do. I'd bet truckloads of Anderson dollars that Blaine is about to worm his way back in. "Relax, Laken. It was a house parent meeting, and he happened to sit next to me. He said you hacked off the heads of those poor birds."

"That's right." I cinch my backpack over my shoulder as we make our way downstairs. "And I'm gunning for hairy balls next time, so he'd better watch out."

Jen belts out a laugh. She's not at all as uptight as she was when I first arrived over a month ago, and I'm not sure how alarmed I should be over this.

"Anyway," she sighs before taking her post as the keeper of the gate. "I decided to talk to Wes regarding your relationship. He'll have to present you with a purity ring if an engagement is on the horizon."

"What?" I take it all back. Swear to God, one day I'm going to find out Jen is a transplant from the eighteen hundreds, and I'm not even going to bat a lash. "No, seriously, don't do that." Wait-what am I saying? A purity challenge would be genius. At least that way I could hold off Wes while I straightened out my feelings for Coop. I could easily have given myself to Wes at the lake Saturday night, but Cooper kept sliding his way into my mind, my heart-slippery as oil.

Carter waves to me from the dining hall with her blonde locks coifed to perfection. Her bright cherry-stained lips are wide with a smile.

"Look Jen-you should probably just stay out of my love life," I warn before taking off. I seriously doubt the idea of a 'purity ring' will go over too well with Wes-he does have an extra limb dangling from his body that's been trying to get my attention. I'll have to figure this out on my own without intervention from Jen and her circa 1884 solutions.

The scent of maple oatmeal and bacon lies thick in the air as I pick up a plate and indulge in the glorious buffet that Austen House affords. Both breakfast and dinner are served in an opulent dining hall. The tablecloths lay stretched out in a pattern of black and orange with fall arrangements bursting from a cornucopia on each table.

Carter springs to life next to me. "Grayson Evans has totally got it out for you," she hums in my ear, excited as if this tidbit of gossip concerned someone else entirely. The titillation factor alone has her reeling. "She says you're after Coop and she's going to kick your ass."

"Sounds fascinating. Will brass knuckles be involved?" I pause at the fruit bar. Carter's dark copper eyes spin like a kaleidoscope at the thought of me getting my ass kicked by Grayson. "Let me guess, she's going to hang me upside down in the quad because she can't get laid by the hottest looking guy on campus?"

My stomach bottoms out. Since when did Cooper usurp Wes as the god of Ephemeral-or is it my heart Coop's ushered him from?

Her mouth rounds out as I realize my gaff.

"I meant football team, sorry-blonde moment. Wes is totally the hottest looking guy on campus. And, trust me, nobody is getting laid by Wes other than me." My insides pinch when I say it. My body has been craving to welcome Wes into it for as long as I can remember.

"I got laid by Wes." An unfriendly voice taunts from behind as Kresley makes her way past me. Her dark hair is pulled back, her eyes drawn to slits. She totes cosmetic perfection and, if that wasn't enough for me to dislike her, she once owned Wesley's heart.

Kresley Fisher. My entire body ignites with contempt at the thought of her touching Wes-my Wesley, the one I presume is hiding out in nuWesley's body.

"Blow her off." Carter pulls me out of line as bodies begin to bottleneck behind us.

I snatch up a plate of grapefruit with a Maraschino cherry dotting the top. Not my favorite breakfast, but I appreciate the cherry.

"So"-Carter starts off measured as we make our way to a table in the back-"homecoming is in two weeks, and I thought I'd ask Fletch. You think that's okay? Or should I wait and see if he asks me?"

"It's just a football game." I shrug. "Just hang out with him and do your thing. You're practically together anyway." Now that Grayson is in full stalker mode with Coop, I don't think Carter has any competition when it comes to my goofball brother.

"Just a football game?" She pants as though the entire concept has escaped me.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Did I forget the beer and tailgating?"

"Laken! There's a formal at the country club after. It's a day game-school is canceled and everything."

"And everything?" I tease. "Sounds exciting."

"It is. We need to go shopping before things gets picked over." She leans in. "I hear Kresley had her dress hand beaded in Paris. Fallon says she looks 'fucking hot.'" She makes a face.

"Good for her." A spear of jealousy cuts through me-eviscerates me-leaves my guts spilling all over the floor because Wes once worshiped at her feet, probably kissed them, too. I want to look hot. Just the thought of Wes looking at Kresley, wanting her, kills me on an intimate level, and I feel like an ass for even thinking about Coop.

A dull ache settles in the pit of my stomach because some uncontrollable part of me cries out for Cooper Flanders, and I hate that uncontrollable part of me.

"Hey, what's the matter?" Carter lays her hand over my wrist. She's got the face of a pageant queen, and she's a freaking Anderson. What the hell kind of problems could Laken really have?

I twist a smile. It's more than a little delicious hearing her thoughts-anybody's thoughts-if I touch their skin or vice versa.

"Nothing's the matter." I pluck the cherry off its citrus platter. "Everything is just freaking perfect. I've got Wes, and all is right with the world." If I say it enough maybe I'll believe it. Although, Wes doesn't believe a single thing I tell him about our stolen lives and Cooper believes every word that sails from my mouth as if it were gospel.

A tray slams down next to me, and we look up to see a gaggle of curls adorning a baby-faced Hattie Tobias.

"Anyone sitting here?" Her voice sounds shallow, too high and clear to be real, like the monotone recording of a doll.

"It's all yours," I say, snatching up my backpack.

"Tell Cooper I said hello." Her dark eyes spark to life as she withholds a smile. She's taunting me, threating me on some level, and I don't like it.

"You can tell him yourself," I say before turning to Carter. "I have to meet up with someone. I'll catch you in first. Do yourself a favor, and don't ask Fletch, give him the chance to crawl to you on his knees." In any reality Fletch is lucky that a girl of Carter's, blessed by God, caliber would be interested in him.

"Laken?" Hattie calls after me as I make my way to the door.

I look back expecting her to say something, but she doesn't. Her face begins to morph. Her skin melts down to her neck. Then a display of skeletal matter appears with muscle and tendons, a row of brown teeth, chipped and rotting. Her face morphs back in reverse until Hattie offers a flesh-eating grin, her pearly whites each neatly restored to their false glory.

I don't bother to hang out and applaud her supernatural efforts-I just bolt the hell out of Austen House.

Wesley usually walks me to class in the morning, but late last night he texted that he had an "Ensign" meeting and would see me at nutrition. That's the part of Wes I remember from Cider Plains; the kind, caring boyfriend who would lay his coat over a puddle just so I wouldn't step in it.

That strange sight from breakfast still lingers in my mind as I walk into the English building. I've been looking over my shoulder with every third step, in search of a demonic Tobias. I can't help but feel like she's watching me, ready to attack from behind like a rattlesnake. I've never felt so vulnerable as I have here at Ephemeral. Even Wes has become an enigma. I trust him about as much as a threadbare rope.

The white glossy halls are empty, save for a few people digging into their lockers. Edinger's door is open so I peer inside before entering. I've already determined that "Mr. Edinger" is far from human. Dr. Flanders referred to him as a Fem-some kind of magical morphing demon that can take the shape of a sack of shit if it wanted, and in Mr. Edinger's case, it very much wanted.

Coop looks up from his book. His entire face beams as I make my way to the desk behind him. We're both juniors, and we have a couple subjects together. And even though there are a few seniors in my classes, I don't share a single hour with Wes.

"Morning handsome," I whisper. Even if it did come out with a hint of sarcasm, it's undeniably true. Cooper is a testament to the male species with his chiseled features-his eyes the color of a storm on the horizon.

"Morning to you, beautiful." Those stone grey lenses watch me with a lustful intensity that sends a sizzle over my flesh.

"So, what are you reading?" I ask, slipping my bag under the desk and plucking out a notebook.

"'I Sing the Body Electric.'"

"Whitman," I say without skipping a beat. "If you're looking for something sensual I prefer, Goethe."

"'The Dance of the Dead.'" Cooper's eyes widen as if I had placed him in a trance.

"You're familiar." I'd be lying if I said it didn't fill me with an erotic fever at the thought of Coop being so intimately familiar with poetry.

"My poet speaks of blood." He grafts his gaze over me like he's peeling back my skin. Its painful, like he sees me but too much.

I know where's he's going with his blood lust. Coop has more than enjoyed the less than orthodox bodily fluid extraction I've performed on him. He's the Celestra I need to drink from to pry into Wesley's thoughts in the event he spills all of his deep dark secrets, but he never does.

"It's still working." It's been plain as vanilla listening in on Wesley's private musings. "I can still hear his thoughts." Wes is one hundred percent devoted to me. He loves me with a fierceness that rivals the old version of himself, and I didn't think that was possible.

"It'll wear off soon." It comes out dry. "A guy can hope, right?" Coop tucks a smile in the side of his cheek as the class starts to fill with bodies.

I reach down and interlace our fingers.

Coop. I let out a sigh.

He gives a wry smile. Where is the douche anyway?

Ensign meeting.

His forehead wrinkles into three neat lines.

Ephemeral doesn't have Ensigns. It's probably a Count thing. This is good. It means he's trusting you with more information. Ask him about it. See if you can join.

I will. It never occurred to me Wes was doing something that concerned extracurricular evil before breakfast. Speaking of breakfast... I saw Hattie this morning. Don't you think it's weird she's reappeared after all these years?

Hattie and her sister were taken by the Counts over sixty years ago. The rest of her unfortunate family were turned into Spectators without their consent-killed and resurrected for sport. Only the resurrections didn't last. They decomposed to a partial rigor state and remained so ever since-bedraggled and decaying with time.

I don't think their mother was taken. Cooper corrects my private thoughts.

That's right, they mentioned their father, brother, and sister. My thoughts turn to little Lacey-my sweet sister who bottled up her excitement over the fact she was about to turn ten, and now I have no idea if she's still alive, let alone made it to her birthday.

Marky's been after me to have you over. You up for a movie? Cooper knows his little sister quells something deep inside of me. I love Marky as if she were my own flesh and blood.

I would really like that. It takes everything in me to keep from tearing up at the thought. This new reality was a malignancy, and Cooper and Marky were the balm.

Coop gives my hand a firm squeeze as if to say thank you.

Mr. Edinger walks in with his cool, ironic swagger, his dark hair slicked back with the tracks from his comb still visible. He gives a private nod in my direction, and this unnerves me.

"Morning class." It purrs from him with a palpable wickedness that makes my hair stand on end. "Our next collective reading assignment is Animal Farm by George Orwell."

Animal Farm, I balk.

Coop starts to turn around then pauses. One more thing. His eyes darken as he dips his chin. I'm going to ask Grayson to homecoming.

Cooper

Mr. Edinger takes us down the allegorical road of Orwell's political thriller while Laken burns a hole through my back the entire live-long hour.

I had to hold back a smile when I saw the look on her face. The idea of me asking Grayson to homecoming wasn't what she was expecting. Not that I want to take Grayson. I'd much rather go with Laken, and I do plan on stealing a moment, but Grayson makes things believable. It gets Wes off my back and clears the path for Laken to get wherever it is their holding our families.

The bell rings, and a rush of bodies flood out the door.

Crap. I zoned out-not that Edinger has ever had anything enlightening to say. I could pass his class by showing up for tests and doing the work at home.

Laken waits as I scoop up my books before we head out.

"So you up for something midweek?" I ask, trying to ignore the hurt look stamped across her face. Laken is so damn beautiful I feel like an ass for causing her any pain. But I'd be a liar if I didn't say it sent the adrenaline in me surging. Something about Laken's disapproval assures me she has feelings for more than just my neck, and selfishly I want it that way. "Wednesday night?"

"Wednesday's fine." Her bottom lip extends, her skin breaks out in patches like she's about to indulge in a nice long cry. Crap. I just want to hold her and tell her I'd rather hang myself by the balls than take Grayson to the library, let alone to the formal, but I can't. Although, I'm pretty sure I'm going to make Laken feel better in my fantasies tonight. Too bad I couldn't make them real. Comfort her all night long the way I want to.

She cuts a hard look across the way, and I follow her eyes to Grayson with her blonde hair frizzed out like a haystack, her lips painted bright red like a warning siren.

"I guess you'd better make your move." Her eyes drag heavy across the floor as she takes a step in the opposite direction.

"Hey-" I push in until we're less than a breath away. "You know if things were different..." I'm not sure what to say next. I know for a fact she's still in love with Wes. It's kind of hard to swallow the idea she's getting physical with him. Just the thought of her lips meshed against his, makes me want to snap his neck. I'm not sure why I feel so protective over her. All I know is I wish she were mine-that it was my body, my lips she was crushing up against. But, for now, this is what we have-physical distance-Grayson hovering in the background. "Laken"-I push out her name with a stone of grief lodged in my throat-"you're still with him."

"You're right." She presses her lips together and gives a quick nod.

"And you might always want to be with him-that's okay." The hell it is, but I'll be the last person to force myself on her. "That's what life is about, having the right to choose, to make decisions that have the ability to span your entire existence, especially when it comes to matters of the heart. Sometimes love doesn't give the easy answer. It doesn't make it wrong though. Good things are worth fighting for." Like you and me I want to add, but don't.

Her pale eyes widen. Her face crumbles as if this were too much to bear.

Grayson stomps over and plants herself between us.

"Is this a private conference? Lover's only?" She bats her heavily made up eyes with lashes thick as shredded felt.

"I was just leaving." Laken scowls at her before heading out the door.

"What the hell do you see in her?" Grayson pets her leather bag as we thread through the hall.

"She's just a friend." Too bad that's the God's honest truth.

"More like a special friend-a friend with benefits. It's obvious you've got it bad for her. Don't try to deny it." Her lips part in disgust. She presses out her chest as if she's trying give me a couple of good reasons to take my mind off Laken.

"How about you?" I twist the conversation back in her direction. "You got any special friends?" I'm not up for denying any feelings I have for Laken, so I change the subject.

"Just one." Her dark eyes narrow in on mine. I know what she's thinking. I was with Grayson more than once. I came close to thinking about a serious relationship, but that was before I found out Flynn Masterson was screwing around with her on the side, sometimes on the same night. That revelation stopped any potential relationship cold in its tracks. Then after a long, hot summer, Laken showed up dazed and confused and shed a light over who I wanted to be with, and for damn sure it wasn't Grayson.

"So, do you have anything set up for homecoming yet?" I stuff my hand in my pocket and watch as her lips part like reopening a wound.

"Are you asking me to the dance?" Her brows wiggle like long, black worms.

"Yes." I nod into her.

Her features contort as tears spring to her eyes.

Shit. The last thing I want is to toy with Grayson's feelings. I knew this had "crappy idea" written all over it.

"I have the perfect dress! It's turquoise with a big bow that hangs over my ass. Of course, you'll get to unravel it later when I gift myself to you." She dips her red nails into my chest while licking her lips like sealing a deal. "You can either wear turquoise and black, or just black, no white. And I'll need a trio of roses for my corsage. Pick up your boutonniere at the same time, would you?" She takes a few steps back still lost in thought. "We need a limo-a private one for just you and me. Make sure to score a full bar. This is going to be awesome!" She bounces down the hall, disappearing in the swell of bodies.

Shit.

That wasn't exactly what I had envisioned. Hell, I don't know what I envisioned. I just thought it was a good way to get Wes off my ass after he gave me the, get-yourself-laid-by-anybody-but-my-girlfriend speech last weekend. Wouldn't it be ironic if Wes never had her? If it was me she shared her intimate moments with when all this bullshit was said and done?

Outside, the fog curls its icy fingers around my neck as if it were Wes himself. The sky says rain, but it feels like an arctic blizzard is about to erupt.

In the distance, situated neatly on senior lawn, Laken catches my eye as Wes draws her into a kiss. Laken pulls back and laughs. Her voice echoes across the yard and trembles right through my bones, sends my mood plummeting a thousand degrees as I take them in-Laken and Wes as the perfect couple. She pecks a kiss over his lips all too voluntarily. She's still into him. I'm just a reality fix when she needs it with some blood on the side.

I blow out a breath and head back toward the English building. I ditch the doors and head around to the side where nary a soul is wandering.

"Heart broken and alone?" A small female voice calls from the overgrown hedges.

A twin set of bodies morph from nothing. The Tobias sisters in their sickly frames, wash in and out of existence like a bad dream. Two balding girls, with long hair in patches-their clothes hang off their skeletal frames. Their bare legs, nothing but skin over bone.

"Pulling double-duty?" I make my over without reservation. Two long-dead Celestra only wish they had the power to scare me. The only thing that scares me is never having Laken the way Wes does. I wish it didn't. I wish I didn't care, but I do. And if all I get is hurt in the end, then I want to feel that, too. I'll take anything Laken gives me, the pain right along with the pleasure. Sometimes heartache is all you get out of life, and yet in all things we're told to give thanks. I'm starting to feel the irony.

The Tobias sisters blink into one another in their disheveled state before transforming into the beauty queens they once were, with a decent amount of meat on their bones, their rags traded for full skirts, tight sweaters that accentuate their God-given curves. Their pale hair curls around their necks, full and glossy, ripe for a shampoo commercial.

"Cooper, what is this double-duty?" Hattie takes a step forward. "We prefer you speak plain and clear. We don't like being made to feel like simpletons. We held the highest scores on all our exams, we won't be pitied for fools."

A dull laugh rattles through me. Figures-the ego's still in tact.

"Double-duty," I start, "you know, flesh and bones today, a poltergeist tomorrow. You're Laken's new house sister, or did you forget?" I direct it toward Hattie since her sister's vocal cords are on strike.

They examine one another for a very long time, engaging in a telepathic conversation, no doubt.

"I'm not Laken's house sister, Cooper." Hattie takes a tempered breath. "A Fem is."

Wesley

Sickles fall from the sky as I dart through the storm and into the library, a half-hour late for my shift. The tall ornate ceiling in the tundra gives me pause with its intricate mosaics. The muted tones of the stained glass call out and demand for me to admire them, but Laken beams a smile at me from the counter and outshines any beauty they could ever hope to offer.

She looks so damn hot with her white shirt unbuttoned to her cle**age. Her tongue wets her lips just for me. I wish I could rake the books off the counter, hell-the go-back cart, and love her like I want to. She mentioned "all night long" was at the top of her list, so I'm pretty sure the library is off limits for now, unless I make arrangements. Although with my luck someone will walk in, and that someone will be Cooper.

"Sorry I'm late." I steal a kiss before making my way around the marble counter. "Practice ran late. You should come down sometime if you want to hang out-watch me beam a couple guys in the head for the fun of it."

"I'd love to watch you commit bodily harm to others." She gives a little laugh, and her teeth glitter in the light. Everything about Laken shines.

I'm glad she's amused. I'm pretty sure Flanders is due for a beating one of these days. Grayson shot me a picture of him cozying up to Laken after first. You couldn't wedge a toothpick between them the way his body was jammed against hers. Although Grayson did text me a few minutes later and mention he asked her to homecoming. Maybe Laken shot him down, and he asked her as a reflex? There's not one ounce of me that believes he's into Grayson. He wasn't that into her when he was banging her. Grayson's not his type, and Laken very much is.

"Have you thought about homecoming yet?" I groan a little as I finish the question. I should have asked her in some memorable, romantic way and not brought it up like I was asking which fast food joint she wants to hit for dinner.

"Funny you should ask. Homecoming has been on my brain all day." She bites down on her lip seductively, and a flare of heat shoots through my lower half.

Knew it. Coop asked, and she said no.

"Anybody pop the question yet?" Crap. Can I step in shit any faster? And what's with making it sound like a f**king wedding proposal?

"I was kind of hoping this one guy would ask." She casts a coy glance at the ceiling as she takes up my hand.

"Am I this one guy?" I pinch my lips to the side because this isn't going how it should, and I know it. A part of me is afraid I'm not the guy at all.

"You're the only guy."

My body relaxes as she says it. Laken lifted a weight, and she doesn't even know it.

I take her in with her hair pulled back in a ponytail, bringing out the almond shape of her eyes. Her cheekbones are cut high and sharp as they mimic a granite ledge. Laken is a walking piece of art that has the ability to make me tremble. She's the only perfect being I ever want to sketch. I'd like to trace out every inch of her, slow, with my mouth.

"Am I the only guy?" I steady myself over her, relaxing my arms across her shoulders.

Laken's brows dip as if she injured me and doesn't know how to make the bleeding stop. Shit. I need to stop acting like a wounded pu**y and accept the fact I need to fight for her a little harder than I thought.

"Wes." She pulls me in by the back of the neck and sweeps her lips over mine. "There's only you. I promise." She needles into me with a sincere gaze. "There's only ever been you. Please believe me." She shakes her head, imploring me to hear her words, to feel them.

I close my eyes and crash my mouth over hers. Laken takes the initiative and thrusts her tongue into my mouth in long, hungry strokes. I can feel her heart drumming over my chest with a viral intensity as she wipes away any fear I might have had that Cooper Flanders was digging in deep-that he asked her to homecoming of all things. If he ever tried to snatch Laken, he'd have to pay in broken limbs, a broken heart wouldn't be good enough.

Laken pulls back, and her eyes sharpen over mine.

"That was some kiss," she whispers less than enthused.

"Hey?" Flynn barks from the other side of the counter. "Is that what they pay you to do? I've got a book that needs to find its way to the jackass writing my lit paper."

Laken bubbles with laughter as she makes her way over. There's a spring in her step, and I'd like to believe I gave it to her but something about the look she just shot me suggests otherwise.

They make small talk as she helps him with his stack.

Edinger walks in and skirts the miles of leather-bound encyclopedias on display mostly for decorator purposes. I go over to see what he wants before he makes a scene like morphing into a bat and crapping on me for the hell of it.

"Can I help you?" I've been pissed at him ever since he let loose and scared the hell out of Laken a few weeks back. He said he was just having some fun, but I'm pretty sure holding your decapitated head falls under the category of psychotic behavior, even for a Fem.

"Have you considered what we discussed?" He bleeds a dark smile. There's a pained look in his eyes as if it took great effort to impart the false emotion.

He's been after to me to think up a way to stamp out the Spectators once and for all. I guess his botched science project is bad for his ego.

"I've thought about it." I nod. "And I think it's necessary." The Spectators have been terrifying the population for years. If we don't move to eradicate them, we'll have an apocalypse on our hands one day. "It's just a means to an end. They don't really want to live like that-nobody would."

"Have your journeyman get their attention. Make them believe a cure is on the horizon. Gather them in droves. They must never see it coming."

Journeymen. A dry laugh rattles through me.

Coop's all I got, and usually he's all I need with the exception that I don't trust his ass anymore.

"Consider it done." It doesn't sound too safe for Coop, but I'm starting not to care.

Guilt coats me heavy as lead.

So, maybe killing Coop isn't high on my priority list at the moment, but if he keeps pushing things, it just might get there. A thought dawns on me. If he goes after them, he might get bit and turn into the very thing we're trying to eradicate. A part of me wouldn't feel too bad if it did happen. I hate that I feel like a jealous thirteen-year-old girl. I used to like Coop. He's one of the nicest guys I know.

Edinger takes a breath and nods over to Laken, still lost in her conversation with Flynn.

"She can hurt you, Wesley." Edinger squints into her a moment. "If I were you I'd be very careful. Women like her have the ability to impress themselves over your soul, to become a paralyzing obsession. I should know."

"Laken and I are good. Things are moving in the right direction."

"If you had to choose the Countenance over Laken, would you?"

"Of course." I don't hesitate with my response. I knew it was the right answer, but it's not the truthful one.

Edinger gives dry laugh. His shoulders bounce with disbelief as he walks out of the library and into the rain. What my mother sees in him I will never know.

I make my way over to Laken, who's busy roping her hair around her finger, and slip my arm around her waist.

I know for a fact I'll never have to choose between Laken and the Counts because she's one of us now-she will be forever-we both will.

"I'm out of here." Flynn digs his palm into his eye like he's exhausted. His sandy hair is shagged out in wiry curls like some surfer who forgot his way to the barbershop. "Think about what I said." He points into her before hitting the exit.

"What'd he say?" I'm only half-interested. I'm more into what Laken is going to think when I give her a private tour of the stacks in a few minutes.

"He said I should dump you and go to homecoming with him. He said he has access to condoms in three different colors, and he'd pay me ten grand to keep my cheer uniform on."

"I'd laugh, but it sounds like Flynn." I shake my head while inspecting the new crop of books that were just returned.

"I might be teasing," she laughs, relaxing her hands over the back of my pants. "So, what's this Ensign thing about? Can anyone join?" There's an innocence about her that lures me in, disables me and leaves me down for the count. "Does it have to do with the flag or something?"

I cut a look to the door where Edinger stained the entry not too long ago. He goes ape shit if anyone rats out his status as a Fem. I only found out through the Ensign program once I became a cadet. If Laken goes down that thorny path, she'll have to deal with the fact her English teacher is a creature not of this earth. I don't want to set her brain on fire with all this psychotic info, but in a way she has the right to know, to dig in as far and deep into the Counts as anybody else. Besides, after Edinger sliced off his head in front of her, he was practically asking to be revealed. I don't think for a minute Laken believes she was hallucinating.

"The Ensign program isn't school run." I swipe my thumb over her cheek. I'd much rather focus on the two of us than discuss anything to do with the Counts, but she's hungry for something more, I can tell. "In fact, Ephemeral doesn't have a thing to do with it." I let out a breath and examine her like this. The final step before I pull her all the way in. She wants this, and I want this for her-for us. "It's an intimate branch of the Countenance that only those showing true interest in the lineage are privy to."

"I have true interest. I want to do this with you." She says it so fast, she doesn't leave room for dispute. Laken is anxious to learn. I've never seen a new recruit thirstier.

"Good. I'm glad. I really think this could bond us as a couple, but you don't have to do this for the sake of our relationship. We could share other things. I would never hold it against you if you weren't into it."

She brings my hand to her lips and plants a kiss over it. I wish Wes would see how serious I am. There's not a thing on this planet I don't want to share with him, and being an Ensign, whatever it is, will pull us that much closer.

I give a private smile.

"Wednesday night there's a special meeting-a gathering. The girls division is called the Treasures, so you wouldn't be an Ensign, but it's essentially the same thing. I'll introduce you to the group. If you want, we can do an initiation that night."

"Wednesday?" Her gaze slips past my shoulder a moment. "Okay, I'll do it."

I take her in and tighten my grip around her waist.

"You won't regret this. I have a feeling this will bring us closer than you'd ever imagine."

"Oh, I'm hoping it will." She gives an impish grin.

Eternal bonds are involved-monogamous covenants that will link us together for the rest of existence could be on the line if I make the proper arrangements.

And I will.

3

Hearts like Broken Glass

Laken

Rain falls in sheets, causing the lights at Austen House to flicker every now and again, followed by a sizzle of lightning bold enough to illuminate the secrets of the night. But not even a lightning storm of this magnitude can detour Flynn from bouncing onto my bed with expectations that will never be met.

"And by the way"-I take a seat at my desk and flip open my laptop-"don't ever come into the library and start talking shop with Wes in the vicinity. That's sloppy. One misstep and I'll be the offering at the next unholy slaughter."

"Got it." He groans while getting comfortable on my mattress. "Let's get my sister out of hock, and we won't have to worry about me interrupting your suck-face time with Romeo. And what's up with that? I thought you and Coop had something going."

"Nope." I'm quick to deflect the accusation. "The old Wes is trapped in that body, and it's my responsibility to get him out. He'd do the same for me. Besides, didn't you hear? Coop is taking Grayson to homecoming."

Flynn gives a little laugh.

"What's so funny?"

"Nothing." A guilty grin spreads over his face. Flynn is gorgeous in that surfer-boy-next-door kind of way.

"Something's up-spill it."

"Last summer Coop was messing with her for kicks, and I was, too." He shrugs. "No big deal, unless you're Cooper keep-away-from-my-girl's-crotch Flanders. He was pretty pissed when he found out."

My mouth falls open at the revelation.

Flynn averts his eyes for a moment. "Grayson didn't think it was that big of a deal either-so don't go painting me like some big bad wolf."

"Cooper was messing with Grayson?" My dinner does a solid revolution in my stomach, and suddenly I want to hurl it across the room at Flynn for the hell of it. And in no way do I want a definition of the word messing.

"Yeah, so? I was, too. Grayson gets around. She's not a trophy catch like you." He tosses Casper's old teddy bear at me.

"What's a trophy catch?" I'm pretty sure I don't want to know, but if my girl parts are up for a prize, I should be enlightened.

"Trophy catch, you know-hard to get. You're probably a virgin, so it's made of win."

"Yeah, well, I'm not, so I guess my stock just tanked." Tucker Donavan runs through my mind like an armed robber bagging my vagina and taking off with it like some million dollar heist. Only, I gave it away for far less than a million dollars-I believe a cheeseburger and the backseat of his Camaro were involved.

"No kidding, huh? You sleep with that fake Wes of yours?"

Fake Wes. I know I've referenced Wes that way before, but I don't like the way it sounds coming from Flynn. I'm wondering if it was a good idea to let him in on everything or if I should have taken Coop's advice and kept him on a need to know basis.

"Unfortunately, it wasn't Wes-wasn't Coop either." I thought I'd cut him off at the pass with that last tidbit of info, but my heart mourned for one just like it did the other. I can't have both, so either way I'm heading toward heartache.

"Well, if you're in need of something quick and dirty." He plucks a condom out of his pocket. "I'm always ready to serve at the feet of a queen like you. I don't bite unless you want me to, and I always say please and thank you."

"Wow, you're a real gentlemen."

My phone buzzes. It's a text from Coop.

Home yet?

I text him back. Sitting in my room with Flynn.

Flynn is a mattress magnet. Keep a safe distance.

I give a soft laugh.

Where are you? Maybe he's at work? If he is, I might have to cure my sudden craving for Mexican food. I can feel a serious appetite coming on, and very little of it has to do with satiating my stomach.

He texts right back. Austen House-three doors down. Updating software for a friend. Almost through. We need to talk before I leave.

My heart drops like a stone. Grayson's room is three doors down. Cooper was "messing" with her last summer, and Flynn injected himself into the situation. Maybe if he hadn't stuck his little head in the way they'd still be together? But he's in her room, touching her software, and the thought makes my blood boil like lava just beneath my skin.

"Anything you want to share?" Flynn nods toward my phone.

"That was Coop." I stare down at it before tossing it to the foot of my bed. "He'll be over in a few minutes."

"Coop." He makes a face before springing up to his feet. "That's my signal. God forbid he think I'm trying to tap his fountain."

Fountain? I'll let this one slide.

"I'm thinking a nice long walk will get me somewhere." Flynn gazes out of the blackened window in the direction of the forest.

"To do what? Feed a Spectator what's left of your brain?" I'm sure there are more than a few zombies just waiting for a delicacy like Flynn Masterson to wander into those woods. And, judging by his eagerness to run toward danger, I bet that cranium of his is filled with an entire stack of stupid. His brain might actually harm Spectators, not cure them. Flynn should consider stamping an FDA warning across his forehead as a courtesy to the coffin-challenged creatures.

He makes a face as he heads toward the door. "There's nothing wrong with my brain, Laken. I've got a sister who's being assaulted in God knows how many ways, and I'm not about to sit around and wait for you to unlock the combination to Wesley's Levis."

Great. Now I feel like shit.

"We're not waiting for me to unlock the combo to anybody's Levis. Besides I'm heading to a new ritual this Wednesday. I'm getting in deeper."

"What ritual?" He opens the door an inch.

"Wes said I'd be a Treasure."

"Another waste of time." He lets out a sigh. "It's the Counts version of the Girl Scouts. I wouldn't rely on that getting you anywhere."

"Maybe it's the next step. Maybe after, Wes will take me to another ritual, and it'll be the one that leads to the neck of my mother." It disgusts me to even think about.

Flynn shakes his head. "I would have never guessed that about the Counts-the blood, and guts, and gore-the kidnapping." His eyes gloss over. "That's the ritual you need to get to-get us to their f**king hideout. I don't know what's stopping you from shaking the shit out of Wes." His eyes flare with anger. "If you don't, I will." Flynn slams the door behind him and it coincides with the thunder booming overhead.

Crap.

Flynn Masterson is a loose cannon. If he does end up taking a walk in the forest, I might just root for the Spectator.

Cooper doesn't show. Instead, Jen barrels into the room like a hurricane and begins tossing things into an overnight bag.

"Did you see Cooper out there?" I'm embarrassed to even ask. I know full well Grayson is pulling out the double D stops to keep him from exiting her bedroom, especially since his next destination happens to concern me.

"Yeah, and I sent him home." She looks indignant. "He had some lame excuse that he was installing something in Grayson's hard drive." She rolls her eyes. "There's no way he's knocking her up on my watch."

Should have known Jen was responsible in some small way. As the official Austen House cock-blocker she's pretty much on the scent of any testosterone carrying team member.

"I'll be staying downstairs tonight," she says without breaking her frenetic rhythm. "I checked out the old den mother's room, and didn't find a leak-so I changed the sheets, and I'm good to go. Your new roommate, Hattie, should be here in less than ten." She slams the drawer shut. "Be nice to her, would you?"

"I'll be a saint." Just knowing Hattie Tobias will be sawing Z's less than six feet away is already robbing me of a good night's sleep. But she wouldn't hurt me, right? I mean we have the same goals. She wants to help her family, and I want to help mine.

Maybe this is a good thing? But I'm betting not.

I shoot a quick text to Coop while Jen deep sixes everything she can into her plethora of duffle bags.

My new roomie is on her way.

There's a soft knock at the door, and Jen lets Hattie in with her fresh from the fifties hair style, her dark cesspools for eyes, and that candy-coated smile that tells you she would just as soon strangle you in your sleep as she would lend you her best wool sweater.

My phone buzzes, but I ignore it momentarily as Jen and I meet with the newly resurrected.

"I've got most of my things," Jen announces, saddling herself with excess baggage. "I should clear out by tomorrow. If you have any questions, Laken will be more than happy to help you. Don't stay up too late, that's my only rule." She hedges her way out the door and blows me a kiss. "No boys!" She shouts as the door shuts behind her.

"No boys?" Hattie growls it out with the undertones of a laugh. "We know better don't we, Laken."

There's something concerning about the deep octave of her voice just took. She held a tenor usually reserved for a man, and that more than slightly creeps me out. But, then again, she's not exactly naturally engineered, so I can't really blame her.

"So how'd you do it?" I ask, hopping onto my mattress. "How'd you score a ride on the flesh express?"

She glides over to my bed as if she were a poltergeist. "Wouldn't you like to know." She narrows a hostile gaze in my direction. "Let's get started on finding my family, shall we?"

"Like now? Good luck with that. Rumor has it Flynn might be up for a stroll through the haunted forest, but I'll be the last one you get out in those woods without the false security of daylight. Let's get some sleep and recharge those borrowed batteries of yours, first."

She doesn't say anything. She doesn't move. Hattie Tobias has no clue how to act like a human. I guess sixty years without practice will do that to a disembodied person.

"Are you just going to stand there, staring at me all night? I gawk up at her, more than slightly freaked out by her resurrected presence.

My phone buzzes from under my leg, and I reach for it. It's a text from Coop.

Your new roommate isn't Hattie Tobias. It's a Fem.

I snatch my backpack off the floor and run like hell out of Austen House.

Cooper

Laken barrels into the road just as my truck rounds out the driveway above Austen House.

She jumps in and slams the door behind her, manually punching down the lock.

"Drive." She pants with enough fear pulsating out of her chest to fuel a generator.

"Are you okay?" Obviously, she's not okay. Obviously, I'm an idiot for thinking it was all right to text her vital information that had the potential to scare the living shit out of her and send her running in my direction. And, unfortunately for Laken, I'm an ass because deep down inside, this is exactly what I wanted.

"Jen moved out of the room, and Hattie-that thing-showed up. She has these soulless eyes, and she just kept staring at me. There's no way in hell I'm going back there."

"Laken," I push her name out with grief as I pull in behind the cedars just beyond the granite Ephemeral Academy sign. "I don't think it's going to hurt you."

"What the hell are you talking about? You want to send me back there?" Her chest heaves out of her uniform, and I get lost for a moment watching her flesh quiver.

"No, I don't want to send you back. But if I thought you were in any danger whatsoever, I would never have waited all day to tell you. The Tobias sisters showed up earlier for their regularly scheduled haunting and were less than impressed to find out someone, or something, had taken up residency here on campus in their name. I talked to my dad, and he seems to think it's a Fem."

"Why?" Moisture glistens her eyes.

"Because they're twisted." I feel like a jerk for scaring the shit out of her. "What do you want to do for tonight?" I'm half-afraid she'll be in Wesley's arms within the hour. That she'll want me to drive her to Henderson, and I'll have the image of her running up the steps to meet him immortalized in my mind forever like some unwanted screensaver.

"Where are you going, Coop?" She cuts me a sharp look.

A smile plays on my lips. Laken knows damn well where I'm going.

"I'm going home," I say it just above a whisper.

"Well then, I guess I'm coming with you."

The moonlight streams in through the skeletal branches of the cedar, the dappled light softens over her features, illuminating her like some otherworldly goddess.

My adrenaline soars as I start up the engine and head back onto the highway.

The road smooths beneath the tires and a pinhole of light emerges in the distance as we speed toward the first stoplight in Trinity County. We're escaping the nightmare world of Ephemeral if only for a night.

I'm heading home with Laken by my side.

It looks like Wesley's nightmare is just beginning.

The lights are on in the house, making the windows glow a soft orange. Pumpkins line the porch on either end as I step aside, letting Laken walk ahead of me.

"I love it." She nods up at the window that Marky attacked with construction paper. A wrought iron gate with a frightened cat decorates the picture window out front. A full moon with a bat slicing through the center greets us from the kitchen. Halloween and Christmas is pretty much what Marky lives for this time of year. Sorry to the turkey. He always seems to get the shaft.

"Everything looks so homey." Laken takes in a breath as if Marky's artwork belonged in a gallery.

The doorknob spins, and Marky's little face appears, murky, from the other side of the screen.

"Laken!" She does a little bunny hop before letting us inside.

"Marky!" Laken matches her enthusiasm.

"I thought I'd bring home a friend." I give my sister a half-hug. "How many times have I told you to look out the window before opening the door?" I say it mostly in jest, but I'd hate for Marky to find herself in hot water one day because she didn't heed my advice.

I pull off my jacket and toss it on the couch.

Dad has taken off to Boston on another one of his conferences, leaving behind the latchkey princess and me to hold down the fort.

"I didn't need to look out the window," Marky smarts. "I heard your voice." She jets out her hip to emphasize her sarcasm. Marky squeals and wraps her arms tight around Laken's waist. "I miss you." It comes out sweet enough, but there's desperation buried beneath her words, and I'm heartbroken for her, slightly embarrassed by the scene all together.

"I missed you, too." Laken plants a kiss over Marky's head, and her eyelids tremble as if she were about to cry. "How about a movie?" She looks to me for approval.

"No way. It's nine." I shake my head. "She'll be a zombie in the morning if she stays up any later."

Marky balks at me with the attitude of a thousand angry teenagers. "You always ruin everything."

"We'll do it another time." Laken is quick to rectify. "I promise." She strokes her hair before ushering her toward the stairs.

"Will you tuck me?" Marky's mouth falls open as if the idea hadn't dawned on her until now but it was such a fantastic one that she could hardly absorb it.

"You bet. I'll meet you up there in five." Laken beams a smile. She warms the entire house with her larger-than-life presence.

I'd mention the fact that Jen is going to kill her-that she probably has Austen House swarming with an army of detectives by now, but I'm not up for ruining the moment, so I don't say a word.

"I'll get you some blankets. You like your pillow soft or hard?" A smile tugs on my lips when I say it. It seems like everything turns into sexual banter with her, with or without any effort. Laken seems to pull the dirty perv out of me without even trying.

"Soft or hard?" She mouths the words with a river of laughter bubbling from her chest. "I don't plan on sleeping down here, Coop. I very much plan on sleeping right next to you."

I shake my head. "I don't think that would be setting a great example for Marky." I'd hate to fast forward ten years and find some goofball lying in her bed while she throws Laken in my face.

"I'm sleeping in your room, Coop," Laken says it with an easy smile. "Either that or you can take up the couch with me, but I'm not leaving your side."

The idea of arguing with Laken over, of all things, sleeping arrangements seems laughable. Dad isn't home. Marky will be out like a rock in less than fifteen minutes, and I have the girl of my dreams ready and willing to cozy up with me all night long. I'd be a fool not to agree to her demands.

"Looks like we're going to have a sleepover." I give a devilish grin.

"Looks like we are."

Marky makes sure both Laken and I read her a story, which I find amusing on many levels. I haven't read her a bedtime story in about six years, but something about her turns into a four-year-old whenever Laken is around, so I guess it makes sense. It's clear she misses Mom, and Laken is like the big sister she never had.

I shut the door to my bedroom and lock it-not that Marky has ever wandered into my room at night, but something tells me the odds are a little higher with Laken here.

"I put the couch together downstairs to make it look like a body is taking up residence," I say. "If we hear Marky scream, we'll know why."

Laken plops on my bed with her shoulder hiked up on one side, her mouth pouting in my direction as if she were trying to seduce me.

Shit.

I hadn't noticed she took off her blazer and unbuttoned her blouse. I can see her pink lace bra peering out, and my boxers twitch with excitement over what this might mean.

"Do you have a T-shirt I can borrow?" She bats her lashes at me. "That's all I really need."

Things are not going to end well for Wes if she lounges around on my bed wearing nothing more than a T-shirt.

I dig out a pair of sweats and a sweatshirt, guaranteed to cover every square inch of her from the neck down.

"Socks," I say, tossing a pair of knee-highs over in the event she tries to seduce me with her feet. She could. She's that damn beautiful.

Laken doesn't hesitate digging her thumbs into her skirt and peeling it off.

"Whoa." I turn around and listen to the rustle of her clothes as if it held the secret to nuclear detonation codes. Unfortunately for me, something in my pants wants to detonate in the worst way possible.

"I knew you were too much of a gentlemen to watch," she purrs. I glance up at the blackened glass of the window and accidentally catch Laken stripping herself clean. Her creamy flesh glows against the backdrop of night. She pulls her arms behind her back and unhooks her bra, smooth in one quick stroke, just the way I imaged in my dreams. Her br**sts explode, round and perky with rose-colored ni**les staring back at me as if they knew what I was up to.

A groan gets buried deep in my chest, and I try to look away but my eyes have glued themselves to her reflection.

How the hell am I suppose to sleep next to that?

The curve of her hip catches my attention as it shows off her sheer lace panties, and I memorize her form and beauty for my mental musings-the shower.

Laken pulls on the sweats unceremoniously and flops back on the bed.

"Coop?"

"Yup?" I say, digging out a pair of sweats for myself as well. I don't make it a habit to sleep in anything other than boxers, but tonight I'm making an exception. I'm sure Wes would appreciate that. There's no doubt if Fems are infiltrating campus that they're watching us at any given time. Not that I plan on letting a couple of prying Fems ruin the night. Nope. Tonight, I'd like to see Laken hone in some serious feelings just for me, but I doubt that's possible. Laken has serious feelings for the Wes she once knew. If Laken and I ever did get together, she'd still most likely have Wes popping through her mind in screenshots. She's in that deep.

"What's up?" I yank my sleeping bag out of the closet and lay it over the floor.

"Why is there a Fem parading around as Hattie Tobias?"

"They want to mislead us." I shrug. "It's probably not too big a challenge for them to figure out what we're up to."

"You said she mentioned she wanted to find her family." Laken's eyes round out.

"I think maybe she wants to get us off track."

"Flynn's ready to go off on his own." She blows out an anxious breath. "I wouldn't be surprised if he were off in the woods right now."

Crap. "He's such a moron," I whisper, rubbing my palm in my eye while trying to forget about him and his impulse decisions that have the power to yank me out of a bedroom with Laken. "I fully expect a distress text while he's getting his brains sucked through his eyeball."

Laken buries her face in the pillow. Her sweatshirt rises up her back, and I can make out her underwear peering over the elastic.

"Tell me that can't happen." She takes a hold of my hand, and pulls me next to her on the mattress.

"It can, and it will." I bring her fingers to my mouth and bury a kiss over her thumb. "Flynn is an idiot. Expect moronic things to occur, regularly and without reason."

She reels me in closer, and I inspect the newfound curves my lucky sweats adhere to.

"I don't like this," she whispers.

"Okay," I tease, trying to get up, but she pulls me down with a laugh trapped in her throat.

"I'm afraid, Coop." Gone is her playful demeanor, replaced with a childlike innocence that makes me want to shelter her from the world. "I don't like being afraid." Her silver eyes reflect fear like a mirror as she shivers next to me.

I pull back the sheets and she slinks under the covers. My arm rides low over her waist and I hold her like that a good while.

"Don't be afraid, Laken," I whisper, tracing her brow with my finger. "Be strong. I'll hold you up." I reach for her hand again. "I'll never let you fall." I'd be lying if there weren't horrific things she should fear, for instance why the Counts have taken such an overt interest in her.

"They don't like the fact I can remember," she says, rubbing her thumb against my palm.

My thoughts are wide open. She's able to hear them all, like a field with no barriers, but nothing of real interest to listen to.

"I'm sorry. I don't want you to be afraid." I pull the covers up over her shoulders, and she slips them back down, patting a space for me next to her.

"Would you hold me again? Just for a few minutes?" It comes out more of a plea from a child than a seductress, so I crawl underneath and wrap an arm around her waist.

"Can you turn off the light?" She adjusts her head into the pillow as if sleep were a real option, so I lean over and comply.

"If I didn't know better, I'd think you were asking me to spend the night, right here next to you," I say with a little too much hope in my voice.

"Maybe I am." A seam of moonlight sprays throughout the room. It washes away every last hue and dips us into a black and white world. Laken catches my gaze and holds it. You could feel the electrical charge thicken around us, enveloping us in one hell of a power surge.

Her lips hedge toward mine, and she freezes. Laken wants a kiss, hell I want a kiss, but she doesn't want to initiate it. She'll only come so far. The rest is up to me.

"Laken," I blow it out in a whisper through the silk of her hair. "It's not right." I don't say his name. I try to block Wes from my thoughts, but he pulsates in and out of my mind like a demonic shadow.

"I know." She turns the other way and scoots in a little closer. "But I really need you, Coop. I need you keeping me safe. Wes can't comfort me. He's one of the very things that scare me."

Laken pushes her bottom into my stomach and wraps my arms tight around her waist until we're spooning.

"I wish I could say I'm sorry," I whisper. "That it sucked of me to be comforting Wesley's whoever-the-hell-he-is girlfriend, but I'm not. There's nowhere I'd rather be than with you."

Laken presses in with her spine against my chest. She reaches back and touches my neck, setting my insides on fire.

"I appreciate your honesty," she rasps into the dark. "I hope you don't mind if I'm honest, too." Laken presses deeper into me as if she were trying to push through. "This is the only place I want to be. You're the roof protecting my sanity, the walls holding up my will to survive. The Counts cast their shadow over my life and you cast the light." We bask in silence on the heels of her ego-inflating words as I drink them down, swill them around in my mind and savor them. Laken smooths her back over my chest and fills me in on the Treasure ceremony, Wednesday night. "But I would totally rather watch a movie with you and Marky," she says. "What do you think I should do?"

I press my lips together and take her in as the moon glows over her like silver. Laken trusts me, she wouldn't go if I told her not to. A part of me doesn't want to send Laken to any more brainwashing ceremonies. God forbid they achieve their purpose.

"I think it's important you go." I try to sound casual like I weren't secretly disappointed. "We'll do the movie another time."

"Flynn says the Treasures are no big deal-that I need to dig deeper."

"He might be right. Probe Wes. Find out where he's getting the blood. Maybe play a mental game and catch him reading your mind, call him out on it and tell him you want those powers-so you can be just like him."

Laken goes rigid. She holds a breath for longer than a minute before exhaling and melting back into me.

"I will. I'll make sure we get our families back as quick as possible."

Our families. Laken feels like family. She feels like she was made just for me. As if this interstate kidnapping-this horror that the Counts have brought upon us-was meant to be.

An hour slips by with Laken writhing her hips into my lap every few minutes. She pulls my arm under her soft chest and my boxers spring to life. I try to move and hide the evidence, but she follows me with her body.

"I think I'd better sleep on the floor." I pop up on my elbow and scoot back.

She twists to face me.

"Why?" Laken snatches my fingers and holds on for dear life. A pale wash of moonlight rinses out her features, soft as marble. I glance down and see her ni**les protruding from my sweatshirt like sirens.

"Because there's only so much I can take before I cave. I'm a guy, we're weak."

A soft laugh trembles from her. "Oh, I don't know-if a strong guy like you could take on a zombie or two, I think you could handle sleeping next to me in a bed for a few hours." She looks at me from under her lashes, beckoning me to stay.

I take her in like this, a platinum goddess against the black velvet of my bedroom. She pushes back a notch, and I can make out the silhouette of her body-a perfect hourglass that I'd love to manhandle for the next few hours. And if she grinds those hips into me one more time, I just might.

She licks her lips awaiting an answer, and my hard-on blooms to life.

"Like I said"-I climb over her-"I'll take the floor."

Wesley

Tuesday, while the skies turn an ashen sage and the hillsides glow neon from the deluge of rain, I walk Laken to her final class of the day, cheer.

"Do I wear anything special tomorrow night?" Her eyes glow against the sodden backdrop. The Minotaur hovers behind her with his overexposed bonze eminence and makes Laken look like a Greek goddess from long ago. I could be the warrior who's trying to free her from captivity-the stronghold of her mind.

I brush my thumb against the high ridge of her cheek. She's so perfect it doesn't seem believable. Every person has a flaw to call their own, some more discernable than others, but Laken remains unblemished-the perfect canvas, the landscape of Eden.

"You're amazingly handsome." She winces when she says it.

I give a little laugh. "I was thinking the same thing about you. God's a true artist. You're living proof." I kiss her hand. "And, about the ceremony, wear whatever you want. They'll give you a robe when you get there. It's already been sanctified, so you can enter the chamber. Jen knows the way. I'll have her bring you. I need to be there early to help set up."

"But I want to go with you. I can help set up. I promise I won't get in the way. I'd much rather be with you than Jen." She interlaces our fingers and gives a squeeze.

I glance past her as the fog rolls onto the field. Some of the cheerleaders have already straggled out and are warming up. In the distance I can see the football players, Flanders looks away just as our eyes meet. Figures. I'm sure he likes to keep an extra eye on Laken at all times. I talked to Hattie-heard he didn't score. Not that it surprises me.

Laken's eyes widen as if she's just remembered something.

"What's wrong?"

"Oh, it's nothing." She glances onto the field and lowers her gaze. "So, after the ceremony, we'll be closer than ever. I mean, I'll be in all the same clubs that you are, right? I want to do everything with you, unless that freaks you out." A nervous smile twitches on her lips.

"Of course, I want that. You couldn't freak me out if you tried." The Tenebrous Woods flash through my mind-those dark, twisted tree limbs that are set to decapitate if you take the wrong turn, the screams-those horrible, deafening screams. I mentioned it once to Edinger. He said they were looking into severing the vocal cords of repeat offenders, but I think the silence would be worse. Just knowing they wanted to cry out and couldn't, would be far more heartbreaking.

Laken's eyes tear up, and she gives a hard sniffle.

"You okay?" I wrap my arms around her and brush a tender kiss over her cheek.

"I think I might be catching a cold, either that or allergies." She shakes her head. "So you never answered the question. Am I all caught up on your extra curricular activities?" She looks crestfallen as if she already knows the answer long before I give it.

"Yes." I push out a little smile. "Sort of. There might be one more thing, but it's a surprise." God, I'd love to bond with Laken that way. Bring her to the woods and teach her how to take blood-to take the powers that are rightfully ours to begin with. Although, I wouldn't be so anxious to watch her suck off some guys neck, and I doubt she'd be thrilled to watch me guzzle down on Skyla, the Celestra that picked me out of a crowd to personally drain her. She's pretty, but she's no Laken. And somehow I don't think Laken would approve of me touching my lips to some hot Celestra even if it were completely platonic-even if my only thought while doing so was of Laken the entire time. Who knows? She might classify it as cheating.

Laken flushes a bright pink over the apples of her cheeks. "I'd better go." She tries to pull away, but I reel her in and dot her lips with a kiss.

"I love you-you know that?"

She looks up at me a very long time. Her brows knit as she inspects my features as if searching for clues.

"I love you, too, Wes." Laken wraps her arms around me and heaves a ragged breath. "Everything I do is because I love you."

I pull back and dig in a smile.

"The Treasure ceremony is going to be special," I assure her.

"Okay." She winks. "It'd better be." She blows me a kiss and takes off in the direction of the gym, her hair bounces from behind with a rhythm all its own.

Tomorrow night is going to be far more special than she could ever imagine.

Flanders catches my eye in the distance and nods.

A dull laugh rattles from my chest. Flanders wishes he could have Laken the way I do.

And after tomorrow night, Laken just might be mine forever.

After practice, once the team clears the pool, I decide to hang out and swim a few laps, solo. The cavernous room holds the thick scent of chlorine. The windows that line the back expose the deep welt of evening.

Laken runs through my mind, the thought of her accepting the proposal I'm going to offer tomorrow night incites a rush of adrenaline through me. I can picture the two of us together in the Tenebrous Woods or, as the less informed like to call it, the tunnels. If I knew she wouldn't judge me-hate me, if I knew she wouldn't be appalled by what goes on down there and why-I'd take her today. We would drink our fill and become the beings we were always meant to be. In my mind's eye the fantasy takes a U-Turn and I imagine the two of us locked in a heated kiss, Laken stripping to nothing right there in those gnarled woods.

The steady beat of footsteps snap me back to reality. I glance up and catch Demetri Edinger breezing in like he owns the place-like he owns me.

Supervising spirit. More like a rotten demon. My own personal bitch.

He's the part I'm not looking forward to-the part where I reintroduce Laken to the bastard who shuttles me around the nethersphere-the demonic leash to which I'm bound and gagged because my mother gifted him to me a few years back on my birthday. Although, I may not have to let Laken know about him-in fact I'd rather not.

I dive under and swim in his direction. No use in putting off the inevitable.

Edinger crouches low as I pop up by the edge and he clasps onto me by the hair, submerging me under just as I take a breath.

I try to free myself from his murderous charge, but he's holding me steady just below the waterline.

Shit!

I expel a breath as a cough begs to bubble from my throat. My nose burns with fire as I inhale water like oxygen.

Fucking bastard. I latch onto his arm and yank him in. He cycles over me, and I buoy to the surface, gasping and coughing.

Edinger floats to the top with his wool coat rising up around him like a pair of giant wings.

"You f**king ass**le." I charge at him, securing him by the collar and thrashing him against the edge of the pool. His head gives a satisfying thump, so I arrange for it to happen again.

"Excited are we?" His eyes glow an unnatural shade of yellow. He holds his hand out, and I suction over to him like a magnet without even trying. He raises his palm as if casting a spell, and my body lifts right out of the water. I'm pulled upward above the swimming pool a good twenty feet, and my stomach bottoms out because I know what's coming.

Gravity takes over, and I set in on the world's crappiest belly flop. The water slaps against my chest like fire, and I hit clear to the bottom of the pool before rising to the surface.

I glance around for the bastard who sponsored this bellyache. He's still in the water with a shit-eating grin cemented to his face.

I dive in his direction, stealth like a seal. From underwater, his body looks unnaturally elongated as if his feet were touching the floor while his head stays safely above water. This doesn't surprise me. A Fem can do whatever the hell it wants, and God knows Demetri Edinger has done exactly that, time and time again.

"What's the matter, Wesley?" He taunts as I surface beside him. His dark eyes gleam a wicked smile all their own. It's nice to know he's enjoying the shit out of himself. "Feeling a little battered and blue? From what I can see, this has less to do with your physical state and more to do with a matter of the heart."

"What the hell do you want?" I spit just shy of his face.

"Lets cut to the chase. What is it that you want?"

"Laken," I pant. "I always want Laken, that's why you brought her to Ephemeral, isn't it? Gifting her to me with a bow? You got her kicked out of Rycroft didn't you?"

"Indeed, I'm the sole reason she was kicked out from somewhere." He buries a smile into the side of his cheek.

"I'm bringing her tomorrow night." I wipe the water from my eyes. "I'm going to ask her to bond with me."

"A lifetime commitment at such a young age? Don't be foolish. You haven't had the chance to consider your options. So many pretty girls to choose from. Skyla, for instance, is a real catch. Rumor has it you're just her type." He lowers his chin as if he's baiting me. "If I had to guess, I'd say you were made for one another."

I tick my head back. "She'd snatch my balls off if I tried to put a move on her. Besides, I've only got one girl in mind and that's Laken."

"I see," he muses. "And does she only have eyes for you?"

He's mocking me. He knows something, and there's no way in hell I'm going to ask what.

"She loves me. I'm sure of it."

He shakes his head, slow and sober. "She may have loved you, she may have had a pure love for you once in different place, but circumstances have changed. People change. You'll never win her back."

My blood courses through my veins, heavy and toxic as concrete. It takes everything in me not to strangle him.

"I'm bringing her to the woods," I assert. He can shove it up his ass if he doesn't like it.

"You're a fool. There's another girl for you, Wesley-it's not Laken. I promise you this. Things will not end well if you refuse to heed my warning." His eyes squint out a false smile. He's reveling in my misery-tossing Flanders in my face so subtly he thinks I haven't noticed.

I lunge at him and grab onto his ears with both hands. I thrash his head over the edge of the pool with the zeal of a cage fighter. Blood trickles down his temple as a smooth line of crimson escapes his nose. Demetri rumbles out a dull laugh before disintegrating right between my fingers.

He never dies.

He always wins.

Worst of all, he's always right.

I dip down under the water.

He won't be right this time. Laken and I will be together in the end even if I have to deal with Flanders myself.

As if the day weren't running on crap fumes already, I see Jones's ugly mug staring back at me from my phone.

Shit. The last person I want to speak to is Laken's overprotective uncle.

I pick up as I head into Henderson. All I really want is to get in the shower and hit the sheets-forget about the nightmare that happened earlier at the pool.

"Yo," I say, less than enthused to be chatting it up with Jones. Way to end this mindfuck of a day. Maybe I should call Laken after and see if she wants to hang out. She can kiss all of my emotional boo-boos and make me feel better. Just being with Laken-thinking of Laken, makes me feel better.

"Rumor has it the Spectators are joining forces." He quips into my ear while over annunciating his P's and C's. "Rival clans are banding together. We could have a real problem if you don't act. Do you have your boy on it?"

"Not yet." I don't fill him in on the fact I'm not too fond of my boy at the moment-that he might be trying to steal my girl. "I might take this one up on my own."

"You don't say?" He chuckles into the phone.

I shake my head as I hit the door to my room.

"Well, it was nice knowing you, kid." He breathes heavily into the receiver. "Look, what do I have to do to knock some sense into you?"

I flick the lights on to find a very naked, and amply endowed, Kresley Fisher on my bed with a red velvet bow tied snug around her waist.

"Shit," I hiss into the phone. "Look, I gotta run. I've got a girl in my bed I've got to deal with."

"Laken?"

"No."

"Good. Keep it that way." The line goes dead as I toss my phone on my desk.

"Aren't you going to shut the door?" She purrs, stretching out her long, tanned legs. Kresley pushes her hips from side to side, slipping her thighs open just enough to let me see the promise land.

"No need. You're leaving." I pull off my coat and shoes, plucking a fresh pair of boxers from my dresser before turning on the shower. "I said, leave." It charges from me a little harsher than intended. A few guys poke their heads into the room and break out into a fit of laughter before heading down the hall.

"You bastard." Kres hustles her sweater back on. She jumps into her jeans with that stupid bow still hanging from her belly like some unwanted Christmas present. "What's got your balls all twisted up in knots? Did you find out Laken did the walk of shame last night? And, let me guess-you weren't the one unlucky enough to degrade her body all night long." She gets in my face with her dark mane, wild and knotted up as if she were waiting for hours. "I bet it hurt like hell to have your heart ripped out while it was still beating. I should know-you did it to me." She hawks a fresh one into my eye before bolting out of the room.

Shit.

I pull my shirt up and wipe the spit off my face. It's not the first time she's hurled a live one at me. The way she spits on a regular basis, you'd think she were part camel-part devil is more like it. I know better than to incite the witch that lives inside her, but she caught me on the wrong night.

What the hell was she babbling about-walk of shame? I snag my phone and send Laken a text.

Hey beautiful. I need you.

All night long I wait for Laken to respond, but my phone lays silent.

4

In the Belly of the Fire

Laken

On Wednesday, the shadowed evergreens stretch like skyscrapers at this late hour under a cobalt sky. It's a magical night-a night for dreamers, for lovers-not for quasi-Satanic rituals like the one I'm about to partake in. It goes against the entire principle of what this pristine beauty was designed for. Typical Counts behaving like morons.

It's just minutes before the bizarre ritual, that Flynn compared to a Girl Scout meeting, and I pace nervously outside of Austen House.

"You have to hurry, or we'll be late," Jen hisses while trying to herd me toward the demonic thicket.

"No one said anything about those haunted woods," I say, snatching my wrist from my apparently deranged sister.

Jen's blonde hair whips around like a white flame as she tries to secure her grasp over me.

"You're going to be late. And, trust me, they hate it when you're late to these kinds of things."

"Have you done this?" My body seizes in the cold night air. "I mean, are you a member?" If sweet, innocent Jen managed to pass initiation, I'd feel a hell of a lot better.

"No, I chickened out." She sinks a frown before successfully snatching me by the wrist. "But that was because I believed the only thing I needed was Blaine. I was too afraid if I went through with it, he might see me as a strong, independent woman and leave me."

"God, Jen, you make no sense whatsoever." Everything is off kilter with her. The entire world revolves on a separate revolution in her head. "Just what the hell is wrong with being strong and independent?"

"Nothing." Flames light up in her eyes, and I'm thrown for a moment only to realize the house lights were just turned on from behind.

The hint of a thumbnail moon lingers up above like the barely-there smile of the Cheshire cat. The woods pulsate in the distance like a heartbeat, and the wind calls my name in whispers like a lover who's already damned.

A chill runs through me. The arctic breeze whips around my bare ankles and stiffens me from moving along with her.

I should have known better than to let Jen dress me for the evening. This ridiculous silver gown with the goddess sleeves-paired with heels dipped in multicolored glitter is better suited for Halloween. I didn't dress this way when I was four, I don't know how I let her talk me into dressing like this now. Nothing Jen suggests ever turns out to be a good idea.

"Look, I know for a fact Fallon and Carter will be there," she says, easing me onto the cobblestoned path. "Kresley and Grayson, too!" She shouts their names as if they were some kind of a grand social prize that I should automatically flock to. Little does she know those silicon sisters are hardly a selling point.

"Okay." I take a deep breath. "Let's go," I say, following her down the dark winding road. The forest approaches, large and looming. Its branches extend like knives, the dark trunks press against the purple night like corrugated cutouts.

We crest the hill, and to my surprise, we head away from the woods. Oddly, this does little to quell my nerves.

"Where are we going?" A whole new panic sets in as we approach a series of boulders washed a pale blue from the moonlight.

The granite gleams as the boulders warble in and out of existence like water. An unnatural shimmer glosses the air as Jen pulls me through the stones, and we emerge through a tunnel where a bright orange fire with long baroque tongues extends to greet us.

"Don't be afraid." Her voice resonates like the hum of a motor.

A series of walls appear as an expansive space takes shape around us. The fire bleeds out in an enormous circle as if we were in the eye of some demonic hurricane.

"Shit," I say it low. Jen must have got her wires crossed, and morphed us into middle earth. A blue glow emanates from the right, and Jen pulls me along until we hit a rectangular walkway. From the other side, a blazing fire stretches high and wide as the eye can see.

The heat prickles over my body. The flames are far too close. They make this dress feel like one too many layers of clothing, and my face starts to singe.

"We need to get out of here," I shout over the dull roar of the flames.

"I'm getting out of here," she says, shoving me toward the wall of fire. "You're staying. This is where Wesley said to bring you."

I just stare at her stupefied for a moment.

"I don't care what Wes says, I'm not going in there." I point to the room ablaze like an inferno. "In the event your blonde brain hasn't picked up on the smoke signals, the room is on fire."

"Don't be silly, Laken." She gives me a hard shove through the door. "Every good girlfriend does what her boyfriend wants."

"Your ex-boyfriend wishes!" I scream, as a stone rolls over the entrance and seals me into the room of doom.

The flames move and dance in a circle, forming a large ring of fire with its inferno-like walls as high as the eye can see.

"Laken." My name sings from behind, and I turn to find an entire slew of familiar faces staring back at me. Fallon and Carter with their warm smiles. Kresley and Grayson with their stone-cold stares-standing beside them are a few other girls I remember from the slice and slaughter.

I speed over to Carter, and she hands me a long velvet robe reserved for unholy midnight gatherings such as this.

"He'll be here soon." The words escape her lips sweetly enough, but I'm betting something wicked this way comes.

"Who's that, Satan?" I ask, slipping the robe over my dress. Oddly, I suddenly feel cool and comfortable, not at all like I'm about to be served up grilled and crispy.

"No, you goof," she laughs while adjusting my hood. "Wesley. He's the guest of honor on your behalf. He'll be officiating the ceremony tonight."

Wesley. He mentioned he would be here early to help set up.

I chew the inside of my cheek, a nervous habit I've taken to doing ten times a day since I've arrived, and now I've permanently deformed the inside of my mouth.

The girls around me break out in a choir of "Hallelujah." I'm shocked I can actually recognize the hymn for once, so I decide to sing along to make it look as if I actually want to be here.

A dark-hooded figure emerges from the fire. I recognize those sea green eyes, those dimples pressed in without a smile. Dear God. It's Wes. He just walked through a wall of flames like a god, and I suddenly have the urge to bow before him.

As if everyone in the room shares my longing, every knee curtsies to him as he passes through our circle and settles in our midst.

Wes doesn't take his eyes off mine as he proceeds in my direction, and it's only now I notice he's cradling a gilded bowl in his hands. There's something erotic about the way he keeps his eyes over mine. The way he demands for me to do the same. A prickling feeling comes over my skin, and I have the intense desire to rake off his clothes and have my way with him.

A strange series of thoughts riffle through my mind-Wes and me with our limbs locked over one another, rolling around at the lake, the two of us on his bed in a compromising position, his mouth fused to mine while experiencing one lush hormonal exchange. It's electrifying, intoxicating.

Wes stops just shy of me, the bowl still extended from his person.

"Kresley." He pulls his lips in a line, disappointed he needed to call out her name at all. But his eyes remain over me. His focus is completely mine from beginning to end. "As the chapter leader, I ask you to conduct the initiate's birthright."

Kresley steps forward. Her wicked brand of beauty sparks a rise of adrenaline in me. I've never seen her look so sharp, so well hewn from the pages of a magazine. I'm sure any casting couch in Hollywood would be thrilled to have her.

I glance past her at Grayson then the girls from school who look vaguely familiar. They all look exquisite here-far more so than the pall reality casts upon them. No, there's definitely something in the atmosphere down here that gives the ripe delusion of ultimate perfection. It's covering our flaws, sealing us with an unnatural allure, but it's all a lie. Just like whatever bullshit is about to fly from Kresley's lips.

"Sister Laken," she says it bored, averting her eyes like a seventh grader. "It behooves me to ask if you're here upon your own will and without the coaxing and coercion of others?"

"Yes." I nod. "I want to be here." I give a private smile to Wes. "I want nothing more than to be one of you."

Kresley makes a face like she's going to be sick. "Do you solemnly swear to never breathe a word of what you are privy to outside of the circle of Treasures? Should you break the words of your covenant, you will be cast out into darkness, forever lost to the world and must suffer the fate of the enemy. Do you comprehend the consequences and accept the punishment should you be found wanting?"

"I do." I so am going to rat this whole psychotic meet and greet out to Coop as soon as I'm given a get-out-of-hell free card. Only something tells me I'm not getting out of here without paying a very steep price. I get the feeling my soul is the exact currency required if I ever hope to exit.

"Welcome, Sister Laken," she says, lack luster. "It is a pleasure"-she rolls her eyes-"having you as one of us. Our Ensign, brother Wesley, will proceed with the ceremony." She sticks her finger down her throat before making her way back to Grayson's side.

Wes takes a step in my direction, lifting the bowl midway to his chest.

There's something murky swilling around in there, looks like soot-and holy shit. I do believe that sanguine surprise is also known as blood.

"You're a Treasure now, Laken." Wes presses out a wide-eyed smile. "Once you're sealed, you'll forever be a select possession."

I glance down at the bowl of blood he's cradling, fragile as a newborn. I'm pretty sure I'm not going to be anybody's possession let alone the devils' that run this twisted body-smuggling operation.

"There's one more thing." Wes gazes into me with all of the tenderness he can muster. "This, Laken, is my offering. I've poured my own blood into this bowl. I'm sealing you for myself as well. That is, if you'll let me-if you want to be with me, and with no one else, forever."

Cooper blinks through my mind. I'll be Wesley's forever if I agree, at least according to the Counts.

Mom and Lacey hover over me like ghosts. I'll sacrifice everything to save them, including Cooper if I have to.

"Yes, Wesley," I saturate his name with sugar. "I'm already yours forever." A part of that is gospel-and the rest of it is a lie of the highest order.

Wesley dips his thumb into the soupy plasma and marks my forehead in the shape of a half-moon.

"In the shape of a C for Counts," he corrects. Wes read my mind the second his thumb made contact with me.

I give a wry smile. He doesn't even pretend to hide it anymore.

"From this moment forward, you and I have entered into a lasting covenant as spirit mates now and forever more." Wes leans in and imparts a kiss so chaste it makes me wonder if I understood anything he was saying at all. "You're my spirit wife, Laken." His eyes glow the color of the fire as he takes up my hand. "What the Countenance has bound together let no man put asunder."

Strange. Wes said man, but I heard Cooper Flanders clear as a gunshot.

"No man, Laken." Wes shakes his head ever so slightly. Not even that one.

Cooper

"And then what happened?" I ask, staring at Laken while I wolf down Chinese food straight from the carton. She's sitting Indian style on my bed as I lay beneath her, admiring how good she looks perched on my mattress.

Like manna from heaven, Laken has spent the last three nights snug in my bed. We wait until Marky falls asleep before I shuttle her over. The last thing I need is to arouse suspicion. One night was pushing it-but three nights would be the Tic-Tac-Toe within the confines of marriage according to my prepubescent sister. Although, according to Laken, she's already sealed the marriage deal with Wesley.

"And then," she continues with her molten hot story, "we consummated our union right there in the room of fire in front of God and Kresley, herself. Grayson said my moves were weak. She says to tell you you've been spared of an embarrassing episode beneath the sheets."

I give a quick nod. She had me for a minute, and my heart lurched at the thought of Wes "taking" her in such an intimate way-audience or not.

"I doubt you'd embarrass yourself beneath the sheets," I assure her.

"Then what were you nodding your head for?" She leans in seductively.

"I was nodding my head because we wouldn't make it beneath the sheets." I hold the smile from forming on my lips. "You'd be lucky if we made it to the bed." I almost phrased that last sentence in present tense as if it were imminently about to happen.

"We're going to bed right now," she teases, trying to lift me by the fingers. Her light erotic touch sends a fire line from my hand all the way down to my desperate man parts.

"You're going to bed, Laken." I toss the empty carton onto my desk and stretch out on the sleeping bag that's been messing up my back the better half of the week. "I'll be down here, flushing my football scholarship down the toilet."

"Coop!" She slaps her hand over her mouth.

"I'm teasing. I swear they say a stiff surface does wonders for your back." All of them bad, but I leave that part out. "Look, you're his spirit wife now. The Counts take everything you've done seriously, and until we can figure a way out of this mess, I really want us to take it that way, too. I can ruin things for you. I'd hate myself if I did."

"So-what? I belong to Wesley?"

I stare at her for a good while. Her golden hair, her perfect lips that I long to cover with mine.

"Yes, Laken." My heart gives an unnatural thump. "I believe you do."

On Friday night, as the clouds filter in low and cover the football field like stretched cotton, Wes jogs over before I have the chance to put on my helmet.

Here we go.

I pan the bleachers for no apparent reason. I know full well the only person I want to see is already cheering on the sidelines-and I'd like to think it's for me.

"Hey, Coop." Fog billows from his mouth as he digs his hands deep in his pockets. He's wearing a thick wool coat that makes his shoulders look twice as broad as reality would have them, and for a second I wonder if he chose to wear it as a means of intimidation.

A quick pulse of laughter trembles through me at the thought of Wesley choosing his wardrobe with me in mind.

"What's up?" I look out at the field. We're playing Croft-a bunch of pussies who use their overinflated shoulder pads as a means of intimidation much like the one standing before me.

"The Spectators are up, Coop." He takes a step in until our elbows touch. "The Counts want them gone."

"I don't see why. They haven't caused trouble in a while." Shit. Wes might lead Laken to the Celestra tunnels, but only the Tobias sisters are going to help us get our families out. And no Spectators, means no Tobias reunion-making their offer to get our families out of the tunnels null and void.

"It's not up to me." He ticks his head back. "Look, I don't need you giving me grief. Launch a major assault. The Counts want each one of them gone by Christmas-do as you're told."

What the hell?

"Most of them have been gone for eons, and now, just like that, I'm supposed to hunt them down and kill them. And, by the way, how the heck do you expect me to do that? My bare hands?"

Wes glares right through me with a look of pure evil.

"You're a smart guy, Coop. Always getting what you set your mind to." The words hang like a vulture as it circles its prey. "I don't care what you kill them with. You can use yourself as weapon and detonate in their midst. Just get the damn job done." He stalks off, blending into the crowd.

I turn to find Laken staring right at me, her face rife with curiosity.

The opposing team floods the field.

Coach motions me over. Not being one to break with tradition, I run past the cheerleaders, and we exchange high-fives until I get to Laken and linger for a moment.

Counts want the Spectators dead-every single one.

She shakes her head in distress. Crap. The last thing I wanted was to worry Laken.

I continue down the line before jogging out to meet with the team.

Just touching her for that brief moment enlivened me in ways that only last summer I would have denied existed. "True love" was just some hippy-dippy concept that came from the land of unicorns and rainbows.

A slow spreading grin takes over as I crush my helmet over my head.

I wonder if she felt that spark? If she feels anything at all for me? Who knows? Tonight just might shape up to be the luckiest night of my life.

"Flanders." Flynn barks while shoving his hand into my shoulder. We step outside the huddle for a moment. "Found an entire tribe of the f**kers setting up camp by Olsen Creek. Mostly men, but some jacked up women-a few girls." He says it with the hint of a greasy smile, and this unnerves me.

Flynn Masterson should be required to stay ten feet from all girls on the planet, living or dead.

"The Counts want them all gone-they just gave the order."

"All?" His brows pitch. "With what, your bad breath?"

"I thought maybe you could use your killer charm. Hit on them and they'll voluntarily off themselves."

"Shit. We need to act, and we need to act now. You need to stall."

"If I don't flush them out before Christmas, the Counts will move on. They'll assign the job to someone else." And, in a way, I wish they would.

Flynn sighs, spraying a white film through his nostrils.

"Dude." He shakes his head. "You must have pissed them off pretty good. Sounds like they're sending you off on a suicide mission."

I cast a quick glance into the bleachers and spot Wes. The harsh stadium lights bleach him out a dull grey like stainless steel.

"I don't know about a suicide mission," I say. "Sounds more like murder."

Eradicate the Spectators-off me in the process. I can think of one person that would benefit.

I watch as Laken smiles and waves in the distance, swaying her hips for the crowd.

Wes has found a way to eliminate more than the Spectators from this planet. He's engineered the perfect plan to make sure I'm one of the casualties.

Well played Wes, but the game isn't over yet.

Not by a long shot.

Once the bodies and debris clear off the field, Melville House becomes the central location for debauchery. Most of the resident jocks are holed up at Melville, so it only makes sense. Plus, it's the most distal male dorm on campus, and hardly any of the night patrol gives a shit what goes on down here. I guess they figure enough cash runs through this place, the kids are entitled to a little fun. Most of the house parents are former residents, so they tend to turn a blind eye once the beer starts to flow, and blunts brighten the periphery like a string of Christmas lights. Rumor has it the house parents have been known to stock a liquor cabinet or two.

Bodies file into Melville and stream throughout the overgrown room like swarms of locusts. I wish it were empty. That it was only Laken and me. I wonder if that will ever happen, if Laken and I will ever happen. If Wes gets his memory restored, I'm pretty sure she'll renew her relationship with him. I'll have to savor those stolen moments of the two of us in my bedroom. She's been staying with me every night this week. Jen seems clueless, and Hattie doesn't care, but something tells me if Wes found out, he'd have my ass on a pole.

"So I got my dress." Grayson appears from nowhere. Her blonde hair holds the slight scent of bleach as she moves in close, tucking her hip into mine. "It's actually teal, so forget all about the turquoise. We'll need to get you a tie to match. Don't f**k this up, kay? I've got a professional photographer who might use us in a print ad if I play my cards right."

I bet "playing her cards right" includes entertaining him in a horizontal position later in the evening. Although she slept with Flynn while I was with her for less than a print ad. Or at least I thought I was with her. Not sure what I was doing in the first place.

Her blood red lips keep yapping, but all I can think about is how I will most assuredly "fuck things up" because I didn't even realize there was a color difference between the two hues. And how many hours am I going to have to log down at Maria's to pay for this brain malfunction? If I had thought things through, I could have stayed home that night. I can't think of one good reason I'm headed to homecoming with Grayson other than trying to fool Wes, and something tells me there's no fooling Wes.

Laken walks into Melville, and the room stills-at least for me.

Her smile fades to zero as her crystalline eyes narrow in on Grayson with her arm slithering over my chest.

Shit.

Grayson smooths her arm over my shoulders, and I try to casually disembark from her unwanted embrace. She drones on about hotel arrangements and how many bottles of champagne we'll need to entertain the guests at our after party.

"Also"-she blows the word into my ear-"I'll be wearing something pink and lacey, that happens to come with feathers, just for you." She takes a bite of my earlobe, and I flinch.

"Where you going?" She zooms in and runs her hand up my thigh, securing a grip over my crotch with the dexterity of a garden snake.

"Okay." I let out a nervous laugh as I push her away. "Lavender belt. Got it."

Grayson gasps. "Teal tie!" The veins on her neck protrude like cords. Her face contorts with shock like I just kicked her in the gut.

Laken pops up next to her and gives a private smile at Grayson's newfound distress.

"Have either of you seen Flynn?" She says it friendly enough-benign for that matter, but Grayson channels some uncalled for aggression in her direction.

"I guess you need someone to slut around with now that Cooper's taken." Grayson wraps a loose curl around her finger. "Anyway, Coop"-she touches her hand to my cheek, and I don't stop her-"if you're craving a little R and R you know where to find me." She gives a brief wink before strutting off into the crowd.

"R and R?" Laken looks simultaneously pissed and cute as hell in the process. As lame as it is, I'm flying high off the fact she might actually be jealous. Jealousy is born from something. In this case, I'm hoping it's just a hair away from love because I think that's exactly what I'm feeling for her.

"Rest and relaxation," I say. It's code for blowjob, but I'm not clueing Laken in on that tidbit. Grayson likes to help a lot of guys get some R and R. Rumor has it her entire acting career hinges on the respite benefits she provides.

Laken's face crumbles. Her perfect lips twitch under duress for a moment before recovering.

"What a mess," she whispers below the music.

"What's a mess?" I can guess, but I'd rather not go there.

Laken looks up at me, her eyes filled with sorrow.

"We are, Coop." She strains the words through hesitation. "I thought we had something. I thought maybe I was wrong about Wes and me, that if he never came back-if he was too far gone that it would be me and you." Her eyes glitter in this dim light. "But Grayson..." she shakes her head. "She's beautiful. You look good together, and by the way that makes me want to hurl." She sticks her tongue out playfully, and I suddenly want to catch it with my teeth. A surge of adrenaline pushes through me at the thought of Laken wanting me on some level-but Wes is the condition. A part of me hopes he never gets his memory back.

"I guess I got caught up in the moment," she continues. "I'm sorry if I led you on. I never meant to do that. And I would never expect you to wait around for me while I try to figure things out." She sniffs and gives a little shrug. "I care about you, Coop. And if a little R and R with Grayson makes you happy then that's what I want for you." Her voice breaks with that last sentence. Laken's chest quivers. She stands before me in her Ephemeral-issued cheer skirt, her hair still high in a ponytail with a bow on top. In a roundabout way Laken Stewart is breaking up with me. She thinks I want Grayson and those overblown lips of hers massaging me into a sexual euphoria rather than the perfection that is her.

I'd like to tell her how I feel, but I can't. There aren't enough words to describe these incredible feelings. So I do the only thing I can-show her. I gently grab the back of her neck and crash my lips to hers. Laken swipes her tongue over mine, and I indulge in something far more primal, much more intense and viral than I had ever hoped to achieve.

The world stops spinning. I'm having a heightened sexual experience right here, in the middle of the student body, through the portal of Laken's mouth. My stomach clenches as she pushes in deeper, and a moan vibrates from her throat to mine.

Laken pulls back, her face red with shock. She looks past my shoulder at the door, her fingers still interlaced with mine.

Wes. Her chest heaves from the state of nirvana we just launched ourselves into.

Laken hurls her open palm in my direction and ignites a fire across my cheek.

"You bastard!" She screams it in my face with her left hand still clutching mine.

See you at the ridge at midnight, she says before taking off in Wesley's direction.

My heart soars. That kiss personified everything we could be-everything electric.

Wesley is the enemy, and Laken knows it. She's just using him in an effort to save our families. He's a necessary evil for the time being just like Grayson.

I watch as he ushers her out the door with his hand firmly planted over the curve of her skirt.

She might be in Wesley's arms for the next few hours, but she'll be in my bed tonight.

Wesley

My heart pounds against my chest like a judge sounding a gavel. I'm f**king finished with Flanders. He signed and sealed his death warrant tonight by ramming his tongue down my girlfriend's throat.

"Just get me out of here." Laken chokes the shit out of my hand like it was Cooper's neck. And right about now, I'm betting she wishes it were. "I want to go someplace to forget about all this. Maybe Charity Lake? Or your room?"

A smile cinches up my cheek at the thought of Laken being so ready and willing.

"Yeah," I say, leading her outside. "I'll take you wherever you want."

The stars spray out like an umbrella over Ephemeral. It's cold as hell with the frost already coating the pines-the grass. A layer of mist seeps from the forest and sails over the campus like a ghost.

I glance back at Melville House pumping like a drum with its windows rattling from the noise. It's taking all of my strength, not to go back in there and rip Flanders' balls out from his throat.

"What happened?" I slip my arm around her waist as we continue down the road.

"I don't know." She shakes her head. "It's weird because the Cooper Flanders I know doesn't just manhandle girls. Last I heard, he was taking Grayson to homecoming." She raises her shoulders to her ears. "I was talking to Carter, and the next thing I knew Grayson backed into me-she waved at someone and took off. Cooper was so wasted he lunged in my direction just as she left and planted one on me."

Aiming for Grayson and missed? Doubt it. I'm damn sure Coop hit his target tonight.

"That's probably it," I say, brushing a kiss over her cheek. "Coop's way too nice a guy to go around attacking girls, especially mine." I'll layer on the frosting, and make Coop look like a hero. When they find him lying in a ditch, I'll be the last person Laken will suspect. Not that I'd kill the bastard-injure maybe.

If that less than stellar performance he gave on the field tonight is any indication, the varsity team won't be missing him too much, either.

Laken looks up me with her eyes filled with fear.

"Hey"-I press a kiss over her temple-"let's get to Henderson before we freeze to death." I rub her arm. "I'll get you something warm to drink." And if all goes well, we'll be drinking each other down in less than an hour.

I pull her in close and examine her under the pale light of the moon.

"I have something special to show you in my room," I whisper.

She licks her lips and gurgles out a sexier-than-hell laugh.

"You're a dirty boy, Wes. You know that?"

"That's not what I was going to show you." I hold back a smile. "But if you insist, I might give into your demands." My lips curve at the thought. "Anyway, I really hope you'll love it."

"I love everything about you, Wesley Parker." She dots my lips with a kiss.

I wrap my arm back around her waist as we head in the direction of Henderson Hall.

She loves everything about me.

Too bad she can't remember my name.

Laken nuzzles against me, blowing kisses in my ear all the way up the steps to Henderson. Her hair holds the scent of vanilla and flowers, a country meadow blinks through my mind like some long forgotten dream that I struggle to remember.

It's warm inside, toasty and well heated from the fire. The downstairs lights are dimmed just enough to give it a romantic feel-a code that lets me know one of my dorm brothers is about to get laid.

"I'm freezing." Laken takes off toward the fireplace before I can stop her.

A tangle of bodies writhe over one another, then leap apart as Laken lets out a high-pitched scream.

Fletch and some chick with a rack the size of grapefruits scramble to cover themselves. It's only when she looks up do I see it's Carter.

"Shit, Laken." Fletch tosses his shirt at her as he holds a pillow over his manhood. I know what I'll be tossing in the fire later. "Can you scream any louder? I think I still have some hearing in my right ear."

"Oh stop, Fletch." Carter buttons up her blouse. "She probably saw that log between your legs, and nobody wants to see their brother's junk. Isn't that right?"

"Excuse me." Laken groans before bolting for the kitchen. "I'll be washing my eyes out with soap."

Soap. Maybe as a courtesy she could gargle with it, too. Just knowing Flanders defiled her makes me want to vomit. Speaking of Flanders, didn't she say she was with Carter before he dove into her mouth?

"How long have you two been here?" I ask, curious as hell as to when their private party began.

"Since the game ended in tragedy." Carter slides into Fletch and pulls a blanket over the two of them.

"I'm adding the blanket to the burn list," I say under my breath.

Fletch beams me in the face with the pillow he just employed as a penis protector.

I toss it back in the event he discovers a creative need for it before heading off to find Laken.

Fletch has more than his fair share of balls to sleep with Carter, front and center, in the common room-either that or he's dumb as a post. If he gets caught, they could both get tossed out on their bare-naked asses.

The clanging of pots and pans fills my ears as I take in the scene from the kitchen.

Flynn has his hands up like there's a hostage situation underway while Laken turns two long-handled pots into a pair of annoying gongs.

"What the heck?" I shout, speeding over. It's only then I notice Hattie cowering in the corner, looking scared as all hell with her arms up over her head. "Whoa!" I disarm Laken before she commits a culinary-based felony. "What's going on?"

Flynn jumps up, pumped with adrenaline. "I was making out with this chick, and your psycho girlfriend storms in and starts banging pots and pans in our ears like its f**king New Year's Eve. You'd better call Flanders and tell him to set up a permanent bed at the palace for the mentally unstable."

Coop's grandfather started up the psych hospital, and ironically I'd like nothing more than for his grandson to take up residency there.

Laken snatches a dirty steak knife from the counter before I can defend her mental stability and darts over to Hattie like she's about to decapitate her.

"Laken!" I dive over the island and knock her down in a play that could rival any move made on that field tonight. She struggles free, sending the blade sliding up my cheek.

"Shit!" She drops the knife and covers her mouth in horror. "Oh my God, Wes, I'm so sorry."

"We're out of here," Flynn says, moving Hattie toward the door. "Lay off the booze, girl." He shouts to Laken. "You're one mean drunk."

"Wait, Flynn, she's..." Laken folds into me helpless as they walk out of sight. "She's not human."

I touch my cheek and examine the pink stain on my fingers.

"You're cut." Her voice quivers as she lays her hand over mine.

"It's just a graze. I'll do more damage with a razor in the morning." I get up and help her to her feet. "What did you mean she's not human?" God knows we have enough of that floating around in our world for me to consider it an option.

"She's"-Laken shakes her head as if searching for answers-"a real bitch. I saw her hanging all over some guy back at Henderson. Her tongue was in his ear, and it was just sick. I don't like her messing with Flynn like that. He seems like a nice guy." She pinches her shoulders to hers ears as if she were stressed beyond belief.

"What?" I pull her in and melt a kiss over her lips. "Trust me. Nobody wants to be taken advantage of more than Flynn. He's anti-monogamy-roaming hands don't offend him. Now-pots and pans might offend him if they're used in an effort to stop him from hitting a homerun. I think you should let Flynn worry about Flynn. But that's what I like about you best." I run my hand up her cheer sweater and adhere to her heated skin. "You care about how other people feel."

"You're right, Wes." She gives a limp smile. "I absolutely hate the thought of someone being taken advantage of. It kills me to know there are people being used-abused and tortured in this world, especially when I can't do a damn thing about it." She buries a hard look into me as if she were wielding that knife all over again.

I clear my throat.

Just hearing those words makes me think of those kids down in the Celestra tunnels. I've seen their long faces, their hollow eyes that let you know they miss living-that they've already died on the inside.

Laken freezes like she's having a seizure-probably envisioning Flynn getting his ass kicked by the new chick. Little does she know he'd enjoy it-pay for it if he could.

"Hey"-I change the subject-"tonight you mentioned something about hanging out with Carter at the party."

Her mouth opens as she glances past my shoulder.

"Did I say Carter?" Her lids rise unnaturally. "I meant Fallon."

"Fallon." I give a quick nod. "That's probably what you said. I was just too pissed at Coop to notice." I lead her toward the stairwell on the way to my bedroom.

Why do I get the feeling I've just been lied to?

I wish I could care right now whether or not Laken was being honest with me, but I'm so tired of waiting for her to come around. That damn fall from the tree house really messed her up, and now my dick and I are left to our own devices as far as alleviating duties are concerned. Although I'd better wait until her memory is fully restored because, with my luck, she'll wake up one day and realize she's been sleeping with someone she considers a brother. She'll probably never speak to me again. And I can count three times tonight her memory has cut out like a bad engine.

Laken and I step into my room, and I wedge the door with a chair in the event Fletch decides to crash our private party. The last time he caught me with his little sister, he turned me into a bruise from the waist down.

"So what are we going to do?" She hops on my bed and bites down a seductive smile. Her ponytail glides from her shoulder like a golden waterfall. "You said you wanted to show me something." Her gaze falls to my jeans then rides back up again.

"You're a naughty girl, you know that, Laken?" I pull off my jacket and slip in next to her.

"Is that something you should say about the girl you're going to spend the rest of your life with?" It comes from her lips soft, not one ounce of sarcasm to back it as an off-handed remark.

"Most definitely not." I pull her fingers to my lips and kiss them one by one. Spending the rest of my life with Laken would be an honor I'd die to achieve.

"On second thought," she purrs, "I can be the naughty one in this relationship-in fact, I volunteer." A wicked gleam flickers in her eyes and sends my body perking to attention in all the right places.

"Mmm, maybe not tonight." I adjust the hard-on in my jeans. "Laken." I bury my face in her neck a moment. "You seem willing." I shake my head. "But I'm not one hundred percent sure you're fully back."

"I'm fine. I'm remembering everything." Her eyes round out with desperation as if she's overeager to please me.

"I can't do it." I swallow hard. Everything in me is screaming we should. "I can't take advantage of you. I won't let it happen-but I did want to show you something." I reach back on my nightstand and pull out a notebook.

"What's this?" Laken twists into me to get a better look.

"I'm thinking about getting a tattoo." I hold back a smile as she settles herself next to me. Her creamy thigh glides over my jeans, and I swallow down a groan.

"A tattoo?" A trembling laugh escapes her. "You're hardly the type. Let me guess, you want Asterion's ugly mug emblazoned on your back. You're that dedicated to this school, I can tell." She gives a vixen-like grin.

"Wrong. I'm that dedicated to you." I tap her nose with my finger.

"Me? Oh, please don't tell me you're going to ink my face across your body. I swear I'll never speak to you again. Besides, that's going to be creepy when we're finally together. The last thing I want to do is make out with myself while kissing your chest."

"You'd kiss my chest?" I stroke a finger along her jawline.

"Yes." She scratches at my stomach. "I will. I plan on living a long, happy life with you, Wes." She looks down at the comforter, saddened by her words as if she didn't mean them at all.

I glide my hand around the back of her neck and listen in a moment, hoping to get the details on why she just went from ecstatic to cliffside plunge in under five seconds.

I hear the words Cider Plains, and old Wes thumping through her mind, and I know exactly where she's at. She's right back in Kansas, with a version of me she insists existed.

"Laken." I expel her name with a sigh.

"Sounds like I've disappointed you." She presses her lips together. "What's in the book?"

"Hey-" I pick up her chin with my finger. "You could never disappoint me. You do nothing but please me, I swear." Mostly on a nightly basis in my dreams but that's another story. "This is what I wanted to show you." I open the lined journal to a page with a sketch of her name written out in elaborate scrollwork.

"Wesley," she whispers, mesmerized by seeing her name laid out in such a grand manner. "Is that what you're thinking for the tattoo?" She searches me with those unknowably pale eyes as if she were frightened for me.

"Yes. I want to. I am. There's not a thing you can do to stop me," I tease. "I'm having it done during Christmas break. I found this guy. He's supposed to be the best. You can come with me and hold my hand if you want. In fact, I'm begging you to. I'm sort of a wimp when it comes to pain." I hike my cheek up one side. "True story."

"Wes. Of course I'll come with you. I'm totally flattered you'd do something like this, but really you don't have to. I'm right here, and you'll always have me." Her brows knit, and this time I could swear she's about to cry.

"Whoa, what's going on?" I toss the notebook to the ground and scoop her into my arms.

Her eyes well up with tears, and she gives a hard sniffle into my neck.

"Nothing," she whispers, as she starts to cry. "It's just, I want things to be like this forever." She buries her face in my chest with her warm tears dampening my shirt.

I glide my hands up the back of her sweater and blow out a breath. Shit. I wish to God I knew how to fix this. Why would there be tears if we already have everything we want-namely each other?

God, I miss you, Wes, and I don't give a damn if you hear me.

Hear me?

"I miss this." She looks up at me. "I miss touching you."

My stomach lurches.

For a second I thought she knew I could read her mind, and the idea set off the panic button. If Laken knew, she'd hate me for the sheer dishonesty. If we're supposedly this close-practically ordained as husband and wife, then she should share all my secrets.

"I'm right here Laken. What do you miss?" I press my lips against hers.

"I'm tired of you waiting for me to get my memory back." She blinks away the tears, her eyes as red as bloodstains. "I think maybe..." Her hand slides down my chest and crests over the growing bulge in my jeans. "Maybe if we were together-if we shared everything, then I could truly come back to you."

I take a deep breath and consider this. I'm ready to cave. I'm ready to give Laken whatever the hell it takes to get her mind back in shape-the memory of who she was, her family-I want to give it all back to her. I'm just not sure the portal to all that knowledge is locked in my pants.

"You really think that's going to make a difference?" I ask, staring off into the ceiling as if the answers were scrawled out up there, and all I had to do was connect the dots.

Laken slips her hand into the lip of my jeans, her fingers graze me in places I've dreamed of, wished for.

"I'm positive, Wes. It's like there's this secret between us, and it's creating a hurdle for me to feel as close to you as I'd like. It must be that-the two of us finally being together. What else could it possibly be? I mean you don't have any secrets from me, do you?" She twirls the hairs just below my belly in a dizzying circle, and I close my eyes a moment.

"Laken, you're going to start something I know we're not ready to finish."

Secrets. A dry laugh pulses through me. Only a sweet girl like Laken would think of sex as a secret.

On some level she's sensing that something's wrong. She's a Count, and according to her genetics, a damn strong one. She's picking up on the fact I've got all this Celestra juice flooding my veins, and she doesn't know what to classify it as. God, what if she senses Skyla on me and thinks I've been cheating?

"You know I would never cheat on you." It pops from my lips out of the blue.

Shit-exactly what every guilty boyfriend says.

"What I mean is," I pause in the event I feel the need to bury myself further, "I would never even think of another girl or want one. You're it for me, Laken. Hand to God, you're all I'll ever need. I was serious as death when I took that oath the other night, and I'm equally as serious about getting your name indelibly marked over my skin. I want to have a piece of you near me at all times. You're all I ever think about from eyelids open until I fall asleep, and then I'm lucky enough to have you greet me in my dreams."

Her smile expands, and she warms the room with it.

"You dream of me?" There's a twinkle in her eyes as if she's picking up on the unchaste nature.

"Damn straight," I say, lowering my lips to hers. "And someday, each one of those deranged fantasies is going to come to life."

She tips her head back and belts out a laugh.

"Then take me now, and make me yours." Her eyes fills with sorrow again as if the very thought had the power to scrub the joy from her soul.

I dig my fingers into her hair and comb through it, soft as silk.

"You said you wanted our first time to be special, that you wanted to wake up next to me in the morning and do it all over again." I'm starting to resent the fact I have a strong memory. A little forgetfulness would have had the power to cure this gnawing ache in my gut, not to mention give some much needed attention to the parts of my anatomy that crave it most.

"I was lying." She flat lines.

"Very funny," I say, pulling her in until our stomachs touch. "Besides, you're right. I do have a secret." An entire boulder feels as if it's lifted from my chest. "I want to share it with you more than anything. It's a big one, and I need to know that you won't say anything."

"I won't." She gets up on her elbow, eager to hear whatever I'm about to tell her.

"It's not something I can tell you. I'd rather show you. It's something I do and I'm afraid if I try to explain it with words it's going to sound a whole lot worse than it actually is." I take a breath and hold it because I know damn well the odds of it looking as bad as it sounds are close to one hundred. But maybe if she comes to understand the need for it-if she understands why we have to oust Celestra, deplete them of their physical strength, maybe then she'll see it's for the greater cause. In reality, all we're doing is reducing them to human. Nothing wrong with that, since ninety percent of the population functions just fine that way.

"I'm going to love you no matter what it is you're doing," she whispers, her eyes still dewy from tears. "I'm sure it's not bad because you're not a bad person. And if it sounds bad, then I'd rather see it. Whatever this is, I think it's important we hurdle it together. We can make it through anything, Wes. I know we can."

I wrap my arms around her and seal my lips over hers.

Laken thinks we can conquer just about anything together.

I hope to God she's right.

I hope to God that Celestra doesn't ruin anything between Laken and me just like they've managed to screw up the entire universe.

And if they do, all the more reason to wipe the bastards off the face of the earth.

But Laken and I will persevere, and so will the Counts.

5

A Pearl in the Night

Laken

Wes walks me back to Austen House under a landscape of clever winking stars. I complained of feeling dizzy, and he chalked it up to fatigue since it's well past one in the morning.

I watch from the large bay window in the common room as Wes makes the slow trek back up hill. The shadows swallow him whole as he plods in the direction of Henderson Hall. Wes dissolves in the night as if he never existed. That's how this nightmare feels-the Wesley I grew up with, the one I loved with every cell in my body has been swallowed by the dark shadows, dissolved completely.

The fireplace dims as my dorm sisters stream their way upstairs.

Outside, a glimmer of light catches my attention from the wall of necrotic evergreens that flatten out over the horizon. I lean into the frozen glass to inspect it.

A breath gets caught in my throat.

Holy shit-I recognize that tall, lanky boy and the girl attached to his side. It's Flynn and fake Hattie.

I bet she's going to lure him into the woods and hack his head off for sport before feeding him to the Spectators. Flynn is about to become a delicacy, and he doesn't even know it.

I pluck my phone from my bra and send a quick text to Coop.

Change of plans. Up for a hot date in Sleepy Hollow?

He texts back a few seconds later. Let's not and say we did. If you're in the mood to be chased, I can make other arrangements.

A private smile curves my lips at the thought of Coop chasing me around the furniture. Of course I'd let him catch me-tackle me.

Typical Coop-everything I say is somehow attached to his balls.

I glance up and catch Flynn disappearing deep into the velvet reserve of the forest, the long arm of the demon who's leading the way, still mercilessly attached to his side.

I'm going without you. Take that, Coop. I'm not some damsel in distress that needs to be saved. Or at least I'd better not be.

The air outside slices over my bare thighs as I bolt from Austen House, still in my cheer uniform.

I run all the way past the ridge and catch a glimpse of the two of them as they make their way into the first layer of the thicket.

"Flynn!" I scream, but the wind cups its hand over my mouth and buffers him from my warning.

"Laken," a familiar voice booms from behind.

I'd know that voice anywhere-Coop.

I'm relieved to see Cooper as he jogs up beside me. He wraps an arm around my waist as if it belonged there, and a part of me believes it does.

"Let's get out of here." He darts a quick glance behind me.

"No." I pull him along. "We can't stop." We dive deeper into the thicket. A narrow seam of moonlight dots a path through the maze of tree trunks. "I'm glad it's you." My voice quivers as we speed past branch after branch. "I might have aborted the entire mission if it were Wes-and then Flynn would be in knee-deep with the Fen-emy."

"What are you talking about?" He interlaces our fingers and gives me a tug, reluctant to keep up with my fervent pace.

"I'm talking about Flynn, alone in this forest with Hattie the lying Fem."

Cooper slows to a crawl before we get any deeper into the haunted woods.

"I'm not losing sleep to save Masterson's ass." He tries to catch his breath.

"Then maybe you'll lose sleep to save mine," I say, jogging out a few more feet in a rather stupid show of bravado.

I glance back to see if Coop is falling for it, and he is.

"Laken." He picks up my hand and reels me in.

Coop washes over me with that magnetizing stare. Those hypnotic grey lenses of his are having their way with me, I can tell. Heat rises from our bodies. I can feel the fire of this special brand of lust we share percolating into something out of control, something I might never want to stop.

"Who the hell cares if Flynn gets eaten alive by an entire coven of Spectators?" His heated breath rakes against my cheek, and a choking sound emits from my throat. "It's bound to happen eventually."

For a moment I'm not sure if he's talking about Flynn's untimely demise or the two of us exploding from this powder keg of wanting.

"Flynn's a smart boy." Not really, but it was say that or kiss Coop.

He gives my hand a squeeze, and his cheek cinches up the side.

Crap.

Everything in me relaxes as I give a little laugh.

Coop and I have no secrets, and I like it this way.

It's magic like this with Coop. He takes the evil, the wickedness of these woods and transforms them into something good. That's the best part about you, Coop. You're always protecting, always looking out for me no matter what. And you wash away all the fear in the process.

He pulls me in and looks lovingly into my eyes before the smile dissipates from his face. "You didn't hear me."

"No, I guess not. I heard your voice, but the words sounded like murmurs." It sounded like a waterfall of erotic moans, and now I'm dying to know what he said.

He gives a sly grin. "Were you able to hear me at the game tonight?"

"Barely. It's cutting out-although, I heard plenty from Wesley. Toward the end of the night it just sort of fizzled."

"Anything happen that you think I should know about?" His features glow a pale shade of silver under the anemic stream of moonlight. "Stuff that had to do with Celestra..."

Coop lets the words hang in the air as if they were a mere suggestion, as if I could tell him anything I wanted about my time with Wes.

"He talked about these mysterious woods," I whisper. "Some strange place where he'd like to take me. He confessed to having a secret, and I think he's ready to share that final step with me."

"Tenebrous Woods," Coop whispers it low, under his breath. "It's what the Counts call the Celestra tunnels. I've heard of it. Thought it was a myth up until I met you." He brings my hand to his lips and presses in a scorching kiss. A part of me burns for his lips to land in other places, every place.

Coop glances up, the whites of his eyes shining like glints of a broken mirror.

"He's says he's going to take me there." I'm quick to lead us back to the topic at hand. Although, somehow mentioning Wes right now feels like a pox has landed over a special moment.

"Do you know when?" Coop shakes his head and drinks me in as if there were a different conversation going on entirely.

"I'm guessing soon." I hold his stare for a moment before dusting the ground with my gaze. "I sweetened the pot for him."

"Got it." He's says it low, filled with disappointment. "Is that what you want? Wait-don't answer. It's none of my business."

"I sort of feel like it is your business." I look up at him. "I'll be honest, I don't know what I want. As much as I tell him it's the only way to pull me back into his world-I wonder if it's the only way to bring him back to mine. Maybe if he loved me deeply, intimately, he would wake up and realize who he really is."

"The one that you love."

I tighten my grip over Coop's hand as if we were about to drift apart in an angry sea. I can feel his heart getting crushed under the weight of Cider Plains, and I hate it.

"I'm sorry," I rasp. "I never set out to hurt you. I swear it."

"I know." He steps in until we're just a breath away. I feel faint, dizzy being this close to him, wanting him in a way that I thought was reserved exclusively for Wesley. He touches his cheek to mine, and my soul, my body swims with an erotic elation.

Off in the distance, the murmur of voices catapult into the night.

"Let's do this," he whispers. Coop leads us out in the direction of the voices until we come up on Flynn and that thing parading around as Hattie. Another girl pops up alongside them, deformed and bedraggled, and I gasp.

"Shit!" I bury my face into Coop's chest at the sight of the decomposing girl. I steal a quick glance before slowly taking her in. She's a bona fide, partially resurrected, once-upon-a-person about our age with clothes shredded to pieces from the natural wear and tear that only several decades could bring. Her dark hair is splayed out like cotton candy, and she looks as if mud baths were a part of her normal routine.

My natural inclination is to take Flynn and Coop by the hand and run the hell out of this demented den of the ungrateful dead, or kill both Hattie and her little monster before they kill us.

"She's here's to help." Flynn holds out a hand in the event Coop is motivated to beat me to the slaughter.

"Which one?" I say it sharp, my voice resonating boldly through the woods. "Because neither of them is human."

Flynn shakes his head. "This one." He slaps his arm over the Spectator's shoulder, and her collarbone spears out as a jagged white shard. "Dude." Flynn backs up heavy with remorse. "So sorry."

"How's it going to help us?" Coop asks, not giving the Spectator any gender-related dignity. I suppose compartmentalizing them is necessary since he's been assigned to slaughter the malfunctioned scientific ventures. The Counts are morons for trying to immortalize themselves to begin with. Although if they hadn't, Wes wouldn't be here and neither would I.

"She's going to help us locate Hattie's family," Flynn says, glancing back at the decomposing being like he's truly smitten. "She's got the low-down on the who's who of Spectator society-says she can locate the right people for the right price."

"And what price might that be?" I'm almost positive US currency holds as little value in the Spectator underground as it does in the real world.

Flynn cuts a glance from me to Coop, the whites of his eyes reflecting like beacons. "She wants a cure. She's agreed to undergo any experiment necessary to make her normal again."

"How old was she when they did this to her?" I walk around her in a slow circle, mostly inspecting her for weaponry.

"Sev-un-teen," she grunts, barely discernable. "Ma name is Pearl."

Cooper

Pearl.

I blow a stiff breath from my lungs as I scrutinize the walking corpse with her hair waving in the breeze like threads unraveling from a sweater. She seems harmless enough with her large bruised eyes, her lips split in three places. Her fingers have reduced to bone, making her look older than the seventeen years she proposed.

A horrible sadness grips me as I inspect what the Counts are capable of. Pearl is a walking example of why the Countenance needs to be stopped. This could easily be me one day, Marky. And now they want the Spectators eliminated for simply being an inconvenience. All that the Spectators want is their lives back. The Celestra involved were never allowed to choose whether or not they wanted to be resurrected. They were simply murdered and brought back to life like some D minus science experiment.

"Do you belong to Countenance?" I ask point blank. I'm not sure if it'll matter to Ezrina, the troll-like creature who works for the Counts, but in the end I'd like to know whom I'm dealing with.

"Celestra." She glances down as if it were a defeat to mention it.

"Even better." Laken wraps her arm around my waist from behind, using me as a shield in the event the creatures in our presence decide to go ape shit.

"I like the idea of saving a Celestra rather than a Count," she says. The words vibrate over my spine like an erotic Morse code. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" She whispers hot in my ear.

"We'll take her to the Transfer tonight." I give a slight nod. "Flynn, why don't you take Hattie back to Austen, and we'll meet up with you guys in the morning. Good work, man." I add that last part with sincerity and hit him with a knuckle bump.

If Ezrina has the ability to restore Pearl to her former glory then it might spare me of having to eradicate an entire race, not to mention, it would free the Tobias family.

Coop, Laken presses into me, still peering from over my shoulder. I may have tried to kill our fake friend Hattie earlier by way of cooking utensils.

It takes everything in me to hold back the laugh brewing in my chest.

"Apologize," I cough it out. The last thing we want is for the Fem to know we're onto her.

Laken steps out from behind just as they head back toward the dorms.

"Hattie, Flynn?" Her voice sounds fragile, still apprehensive as to what it might mean.

Hattie steps forward. She drops Flynn's hand as if getting ready for a street fight.

"I'm sorry about freaking out in the kitchen earlier." Laken clears her throat. "I thought maybe you were trying to take advantage of Flynn. He's a good friend of mine, and I don't want to see him get hurt. Take it easy on him, would you?"

Flynn balks at the idea. He damn well knows she's a Fem because I told him so myself. It's this kind of dicey behavior that highlights the fact he never should have been dragged into this to begin with. I think it's heroic he's trying to find his sister, but he's more of a liability at this point. I could get Casper out of the tunnels without his help.

"You don't have to worry about me hurting anybody, Laken," Hattie growls. The words drill through the air more like a threat than an assurance. "I'm here to help, and once you see that, maybe you'll trust me just a little bit more. I want my family back as much as you do."

Flynn takes up her hand, and they speed from the vicinity as if the entire forest were about to go up in flames.

"Pearl," I say unsure of whether or not I want to proceed. I'd much rather take Laken back to the house even if means risking a lecture from my dad. "We're going to take you to the lab where they did this to you."

"Ezrina," she gurgles, sounding like an injured dog in the process.

"Yes, Ezrina. She's going to try and fix this for you. Are you okay with that?" I take a step toward her. She's small in stature. Her bent frame makes her look far more fragile and older than she really is. I've taken on Spectators twice my size before and have managed to end up on the winning side of the battle every single time. Although, all it would take is one good bite, and everything changes forever. A first generation Spectator has the ability to damn me to their unfortunate lifestyle. Wes and Laken are second gen. Laken is welcome to bite me every night of the week if she wants.

"How do we get down to the Transfer?" Laken's chest pumps with adrenaline.

I shake my head. "You wouldn't believe it if I told you-just follow me, and trust you'll survive." I pull her in gently and press a kiss against her forehead. I would never hurt you, Laken. I love you.

"I trust you." She gives a furtive nod with fear spreading wide over her features.

Can you hear me? I ask.

Laken doesn't answer, just blinks into me while trying to control her breathing.

Looks like this might end up a magical night after all.

I was once told that hauling yourself off the Matapeake cliff was one of the most efficient entries into the Transfer as far as this end of Connecticut is concerned. That usually doesn't work for me for two reasons, one, it's a fifty minute drive with no traffic, and two, I'm usually hauling unwilling Spectators or their carcasses at the time. The second best way to get to that alternate dimensional plane is to run like hell into the boulders that cluster at Diamond Peak just north of the woods on campus. A clearing stems from the forest over to the colossal wall of granite, affording a nice little runway.

"When I say go, haul ass like you've never done before." I give a quick wink to Laken, while pulling her in by the hand. I've strapped Pearl over my shoulders, cinching her ankles and wrists together with my fingers. I've yet to bring a Spectator to the Transfer willingly, and yet I don't think she could keep up even if I tried to pull her.

"This is so messed up." Laken shakes her head at the impending target as the moon sprays the stones a glorious, luminescent blue.

"Ready, go!" I shout as we cut through the clearing, the wind slices through our clothes, sharp as knives.

I catch a glimpse of Laken just shy of the boulders. She twists her face away from the prospective doom and squeezes her eyes shut tight.

The granite vibrates and hums as we enter in through the strange portal. We slip in through a warble of air, thick as syrup as we land feet-first in the slick white halls of the lab.

"It worked!" Laken pulls me into an embrace with her lips brushing over my cheek.

"We made it," I say, lowering Pearl to her unsteady feet. "You okay?" I bow into her and examine the fear in her eyes as if her final moments were on the horizon, and they might be.

"Okay." She nods, darting her head every which way as if anticipating an apocalypse.

"As far as I can tell, this is the main hub of the Transfer." I take up Laken's hand, ready and willing to give her the tour. "There's a mansion out on the east side and a series of hills and rivers that snake throughout the terrain. I've found three waterfalls and a lake. The inhabitants aren't too fond of Nephil-humans, so I don't venture outside the lab, too often."

"Lakes and rivers? Waterfalls and mansions? Sounds magical." Laken bounces on her toes as if excited to see it.

"It's not magical-demonic maybe. It's more haunted than it is romantic, but if you want"-I tick my head toward Pearl-"after, I can show you around."

"I want." Laken tenderly clasps our fingers together. "I want to know the things you know. I never want there to be secrets between us." She glances down a moment. "It's funny because I keep saying that to Wes-and with you, I really feel like you hear the things I say. That you'll keep your word and expose me to your world without hesitating." She swallows hard. "I don't know why the truth is so hard for some people."

I shake my head. "I can't say I'm too sorry, Laken. I've never been that impressed with Wes. You deserve better."

Laken glances up. Her eyes widen with surprise at my brazen putdown of the love of her life.

"This way," I whisper before I say something else that lands me in a bed by myself tonight. I lead Pearl and Laken down hall after hall until we hit an open room that's cavernous in nature with a set of steel beds lining the center. The putrid stench of death fills the air like a gas. It makes Pearl's scent seem like a floral bouquet on a summer afternoon.

"Cooking something up for dinner?" I tease as we make our way over to the old bat hunched at the counter.

Ezrina turns around, and Laken lets out a gasp.

Ezrina has a wild appeal in general. I suspect she's used to the gasps and screams. Her orange hair sprays out like some demonic Bozo, her skin looks poorly stitched together, and she's wrinkled and haggard beyond recognition of ever being human. Her crooked frame outshines that of Pearl's in the I'm-so-much-more-damn-scarier-than-you department.

"Visitors?" Her voice sounds like nails on a chalkboard, and to add to the misery, it has a knack for echoing.

"You know Laken and Pearl. They've both been victim to your resurrection methods, one less successful than the other."

"The Counts!" She lifts her hand to me as if she's ready to smack me, and I yield to her twisted logic.

"I know it's not you. It's the Counts." I shake my head a moment. "We need Pearl here spit shined and ready to go with a brand new version of herself in time for the weekend. She's got a hot date." I wink over at Laken. I've never had a serious conversation with this battle-ax, and I'm not about to start now.

Ezrina puts down the wicked tool she's wielding and circles around Pearl. She pulls the Spectator's hair back and inspects her neck for signs of trauma.

"Can be done," she gravels.

"You can do this?" Laken steps into her, indignant at the possibility. "You can fix all these poor Spectators?"

"Try." Ezrina shuffles toward the metal bathtub and begins to fill it with a blue solution from a hose off the floor.

"She's not too big on complete sentences," I whisper as we watch her gather her instruments of torture.

Pearl hobbles in close, her gaze drifts from me to Laken.

"I be okay?" she asks, vulnerable and afraid.

I don't know what to tell her. She might die in a few minutes if things go very wrong and if history is in the mood to repeat itself, things will go very wrong.

Laken steps in and offers Pearl an all-encompassing embrace. She rubs her back and rocks her for a moment as if she were comforting a child.

"If Cooper trusts Ezrina, then so do I." Laken pulls back with her arms still around the Spectator like they were old friends. "As soon as we get word about your restoration, we'll be back to pick you up. You won't be alone in the world. I promise."

Tears stream from the malformed girl as she strains to look up at Laken. Her entire person shivers with hope, and it makes me feel like shit because deep inside I don't anticipate things ending well.

"Let's go." I pull Laken into me and lead her out of the room. "I'll check on you in the morning, Pearl," I say as we walk toward the exit. I look right into her innocent eyes. "You're in good hands."

"Cooper?" Ezrina tucks her chin and glowers at me as if she might carve up my head with a paring knife for the fun of it.

I stop shy of the doorway, and she limps on over.

"Per the Countenance, the Spectators must die."

I give the slightest hint of a nod.

"I have a way," Ezrina looks slightly more than proud of her extermination method, whatever it might be. "All of them dead." She heads back toward Pearl as I guide Laken out of the defunct laboratory, quick as possible.

"Don't start with that one," I shout as we take off.

Pearl lets out a howl of either pain or approval as we sail toward the exit.

All of them dead.

I give a hard blink. The thought of committing murder on a mass scale doesn't sit well with me. I won't do it. Wes and the Counts have another thing coming. I've got a gut feeling there will be blood on my hands, only it won't have anything to do with the Spectators.

We step out of the lab and into the dull, still night, perpetually illuminated by a lavender-blue sky. I point out the mansion in the distance-tall and boxy with an undeniable prowess. Its large wrought iron gates swing open like wings.

"Creepy." Laken hugs my right arm as we move along the cobbled streets. A crowd barrels in this direction, all of them chattering a million miles an hour-women with their old fashioned hairstyles, their odd dresses that hang to the floor with expansive hoopskirts, bustles up top that accentuate their assets. A man with a handlebar mustache escorts two women with their arms hooked at the elbows.

"They look straight out of the eighteenth century," Laken gasps. "Are they?"

"No clue." I pull her to the side as they approach, but one of the women makes it a point to walk right through Laken.

"Oh my, God!" A bubbling laugh escapes her. "Did that just happen?"

"That just happened." I tighten my grip around her waist, and she relaxes into me with her soft curves. "They like to mess with us. They're not hospitable to guests."

"You said there were waterfalls. Can we see those?" Laken looks as enthused and happy to be here as a kid at an amusement park. I can't say I blame her. The Transfer has all the qualities of a haunted theme park and then some. It's one hell of a ride, that's for sure.

"This way." I lead us down a darkened path that takes us straight through a forest. The trees bend unnaturally, nothing you'd find in nature with their corrugated leaves, their charred trunks and branches. Everything needs a little TLC, a miracle, to even hope to survive.

The hills knot up on the horizon, and we crest the top and take a seat in the shaggy pasture.

"It looks amazing in a morbid sort of way." She leans in and sighs.

The waterfalls can hardly afford a trickle. The lake below is more than slightly dehydrated.

"I don't know what this world is about-why the residents seem to prefer the fashion sense of yesterday, or even why and how Ezrina ended up here. But I do know that for whatever reason, for whatever purpose, someone wanted my family to have access to this place. I don't believe in coincidences, Laken. We're both here for a very specific reason."

I pull her back onto the lawn with me. Our eyes lock for a moment, and the air thickens between us with possibilities. Laken lies down, and I pull myself gently over her, positioning my neck where she could draw from it with ease.

"Go ahead," I encourage. "Take whatever you need from me. I want you to have it."

"Coop." Laken reaches up and traces my lips, my eyes with her fingertips. "You're amazing, you know that?" The words come out in a broken whisper.

"I think you have it backward. If anyone is amazing, it's you. Thank you for trusting me."

Her fingers trace down to my neck, stroking me with all of the affection she can afford.

"I don't know how I'll ever repay you for all you've done-that you're about to do."

"You don't owe me anything."

Her fingers curl around the back of my neck and she sinks me down to her lips.

Just love me, Laken. That's all I would ever want in return.

But she doesn't hear it.

Wesley

Cooper Flanders' truck sits parked in front of Melville all night long and into the early hours of the morning. By the time I shower and dress and head out to check on it again, I find it missing.

The sun crests over the library in the distance only to meet up with a layer of rust-colored clouds. The air holds the scent of pines and unearthed soil as a few restless bodies sprint by, sacrificing sleep for fitness.

My phone reads seven-thirty. I'm not sure if Coop's ever crashed at Melville before, but when I scanned the house for him at two a.m., I sure as hell couldn't find him.

My messages sit empty. I texted Laken last night, and she didn't answer. I thought maybe we could talk a little. I wanted to share just enough about the Tenebrous Woods to prepare her for the journey, but she never texted back.

Are you up for breakfast? I hit send. In the back of my mind, I can't help but wonder if she was with Coop last night.

I shake the thought away.

Coop probably got lucky and landed a very inebriated Grayson Evans in a marathon f**k-fest that rendered him too jacked up to drive.

My phone buzzes softly in my hand-it's a text from Laken, and I'm flooded with relief.

Oops sorry! Just saw your message a second ago. I'm headed to the mall with Carter. Shopping for something HOT to knock you off your feet next week. xoxo

Nice. And she ended it with hugs and kisses, so already I feel better.

Something HOT to knock you off your feet. I give a little laugh. Laken could knock me off my feet in a winter coat and a paper bag over her head. That girl is a dangerous combination of cute and downright sexy.

Have fun. I shoot it over to her.

"Paxton!"

I turn to find Fletcher jogging along the road with beads of sweat tracking down his temples. He pulls up beside me panting like he's just run a miracle mile, clearly out of shape and breath.

"Suicide mission before breakfast?" I'm only half-teasing. Fletch hasn't seen the inside of a gym since as long as I can remember.

"Such is life, dude." He touches his fingers to the ground before huffing and puffing himself to an upright position. "I had this weird dream last night." He plucks a water bottle from his sweats and proceeds to down it.

I predict instant stomach cramps in his future but don't say a word. Fletch is better suited as a mathlete than an athlete, that's for sure.

"Did you dream you passed gas in the forest and you didn't hear a sound? Sort of makes you question your existence, doesn't it?"

"Yeah, right." His features harden as if this were serious. "It was intense. It was you and me and we were drinking-knocking back beers, vodka, moonshine-you name it, we tormented our livers with it."

"Sounds like a typical weekend." At least it did before things got serious between Laken and me. I've taken a turn for the sober since we've been together. No more reckless partying for me, all alcohol related tendencies have left the building after that first kiss we shared. Laken inebriates me with her kisses, intoxicates me with those velum-colored eyes.

"There was nothing typical about it." His features darken. "We went out and swam in this black sea, some kind of lake-and started goofing off. You went under first, and I tried to lug your sorry ass to shore, but got sucked under. Dude, I could feel my clothes taking on weight-I never came back up. Water filled my lungs, and I had this incredible peace." He glances toward campus. "Then I saw Edinger's face." He shakes his head. "So f**king weird. We were dead just like that."

My heart thumps just once. Fletch startled me with his stupid dream, but I don't want to show it.

Laken and her strange line of thinking come to mind. She mentioned that Fletch and I drowned in a lake.

"It's weird like you, dude." I sock him in the arm like it's no big deal. "Speaking of weird, Flanders crashed at Melville last night."

"Why's that weird?" He loses his attention to a group of girls jogging on the opposite side of the road.

"Just is. He's never done that before. As far as I know, he doesn't party."

"Sounds like some female persuasion was involved." He shrugs. "Who the hell cares if Flanders gets laid?"

"Me, that's who. Ask around. See if it was Grayson."

He scoffs at the thought. Fletch would give his right nut to bag Evans.

"This is about my sister, isn't it?" He squints as the sweat trickles from his forehead.

"It's always about your sister," I say, taking off toward campus. The morning sun shines over Asterion, blinding me momentarily. Makes me wonder if I've been blinded in bigger ways all along.

"Where you going?" Fletch calls out.

"I've got a meeting."

An unscheduled meeting with Demetri Edinger to be exact, and I'm coming with questions.

Not that I expect answers.

He never gives anything voluntarily.

I hope to God Laken is wrong about everything, or I will never forgive myself for not believing her.

By the time I hit the base of the hill and end up in the marbled halls of the English building, the north wind pushes in a surge of boiling clouds with a breeze so chilly, your bones want to shiver for weeks.

I walk casually past Edinger's room just in case someone's in there other than his wicked ass, and low and behold there's a blonde seated at a desk scribbling something in a notebook. It's Hattie.

Strange.

It's Saturday. Who the hell sits in class and does work on a weekend? Sure the homework load at Ephemeral is to capacity, but that's what libraries are for-or the dorms.

Laken really freaked out on her last night. Maybe she was upset, and her way of dealing with it is hitting the books? But in class?

"Wesley." Edinger stains the doorframe like a shadow. "I sensed you were here." He bleeds a slow spreading smile. "Are you going to pace the halls or come inside?"

I nod and head over.

Sensed you were here. I always knew he had a lot in common with canines-bitches to be exact.

Inside, Hattie swipes her desk clean before standing.

Her dark eyes linger over me an inordinate amount of time before she walks slowly out of the room.

Strange. Not even a hello, not that I offered one.

"To what do I owe the pleasure?" Edinger folds his hands across his chest like he's ready for a casket.

"I want to know if Laken Anderson is really Laken Stewart."

He needles me with a penetrative stare as if reading my thoughts from three feet away.

"What is this?" He shakes his head dismissively. "Your girlfriend having an identity crisis? What does this have to do with me?" He tucks his chin and glares as if I'm wasting his time, and I hope to God that's all this is.

"I'm telling you"-my voice shakes with anger-"if I find out you're f**king with me in ways I could never imagine, I swear on all that is holy, I will find a way to take down your wicked ass and cover the streets with your blood. Oh, that's right. You don't have any."

"Refrain from cursing in my presence." His body solidifies as if I've enraged him on some level, that wicked grin immovable as concrete.

I'm out of here.

"Wesley?"

I pause without giving him the privilege of looking back.

"If I were you," he starts in slow, "I would choose my words with a little more caution. If I were tampering with you, in ways you could never imagine, then your creativity is, for a better word, lacking. Think outside the proverbial box. You're a smart young man-good genes. I would venture to say, the best."

I glance back and glare at him a moment.

Somewhere, lost in that transitive babble, lays the answer to all my questions.

"Per usual, you're full of shit," I say, heading out the door and out of the English building.

Demetri Edinger, usually is.

The clouds press in low, denying us any evidence that the sun had ever shown over Ephemeral. My mind replays Laken's cryptic beliefs on a loop. A tight knot seizes in the pit of my stomach at the thought of Laken and her crazy alternate reality ever being right.

I'm Wesley Paxton. My mother is an administrator here on campus, and my father runs the legal arm of Althorpe in New York.

Then it hits me. Laken has probably been feeding Fletch this bullshit by the bowlful. No wonder he's having nightmares.

A swell of relief swims through me.

That's all it is. That's all it could ever be.

Hattie flies to the forefront of my mind like a rattle of doubt. Laken said she wasn't human. Then what the hell is she? My stomach sours a moment. Maybe that explains why she was hanging out with my least favorite Fem on a Saturday morning.

I try to push the thought out of my mind. The last thing I need is to get sucked into Laken's delusions and drag down the rest of the student body with me.

"Hey, Wes." A couple of guys pop up on either side of me and begin walking me to the back of the building at a quickened pace.

"What's going on?" The one to my right is built like a door, blond, and I swear I know him from somewhere. But the one on my left-his black hair, that all-too-familiar face, startles me. It let's me know something's not right. If I didn't know better, I'd swear I was having a nightmare. He looks spot on, exactly like me.

"We thought we'd formally introduce ourselves," the blond dude says as they launch me into the thorny bushes.

"Shit," I hiss, plucking my sweatshirt free from the teeth of the overgrown shrubbery. "What the f**k?" They might be ripe for a fight, but right about now, so am I. The blond winces, he narrows in on me with an intense level of hatred, then it hits me. Every muscle in my body freezes. I know him.

"You're the Elysian." Skyla's Elysian.

"Logan Oliver." He ticks his head back as if things were suddenly casual, as if he and his buddy, that happens to wear my face, didn't just travel two years into the past to pay me a visit. "My nephew here has been dying to meet you. His fist is looking forward to bonding with your lips-you know-those things you use to hurt Skyla with?"

My clone steps forward. "Gage Oliver," he says, examining me. "I'd tell you to memorize my face because you'll be seeing a lot of it, but it looks like you've one-upped me and put it on like a mask." He pulls his fist back before digging his knuckles into my jaw. My teeth bite over my tongue, and a squirt of blood runs down my throat.

Shit.

I let out a hard groan as I fall back into the spiked bushes. My sweatshirt gets caught, and my arms lock, wide open, exposing myself to his viral assault.

Gage pummels me to a level of pain that can only be described as the other side of nirvana. This is no amateur hour beating. This is an old school ass kicking from a muscle-milk guzzler who knows a thing or two about weak points and inflicting near-death experiences.

Can't lift my head. Each one of my ribs feels severely fractured as my legs buckle beneath me, and I slip to the ground. The sweatshirt I was wearing still hangs high in the branches on the thorns that pinned it.

"Skyla sends you her love." He shouts from above as a shoe bullets through my stomach. He takes a step forward and repeats the effort into my skull, and the world mercifully fades to nothing.

6

Dearly Departed

Laken

The dove grey afternoon drones on. Coop calls me to meet him at the clearing just shy of Diamond Peak, and I don't hesitate making my way over.

An autumn rainbow of yellow and crimson blesses the maples as they yield their leaves to Mother Earth. It breaks up the steel grey skies that stretch out overhead like a yawn. It's majestic out here with the dew of fall settling over the landscape. I've never seen hillsides so rich with color, so seemingly alive while experiencing their death.

A pair of arms circle my waist. "Sorry, I'm late." Coop sears the words into my ear like a hot summer night and my skin catches fire. "Ezrina's ready to share the results."

"Are you kidding?" My heart stops at what this might mean. I hope to God that poor girl lived, that's she's perfectly resurrected and not in some far more unfortunate state. "I hope it's good news," I heave the words out in a sudden panic. "If it's not, I'll feel horrible, Coop. Not to mention we'll be screwed." A resurrection for Pearl could save the entire Spectator race, namely the Tobias family.

"We're never screwed. I promise we'll come out on top." He twirls me into him, and his eyes offer a gentle smile all their own. "I promise, Laken, I will always keep you safe."

"I know you will." It comes out weak, but everything in me believes his words are truer than my next breath.

"Real quick before we go"-Coop nods back toward campus-"Flynn called, said Hattie helped him scope out another group of willing Spectators."

"Hattie?" I'm almost amused. "What do you think's up with that? Clearly a Fem would have no interest in helping us."

"I have no idea." He shakes his head. "But if I get my way, we'll find out sooner than later." He glances over at the stone. "You ready to do this?"

"With you?" I'd run through a landmine with him if he wanted me to. "Always."

Cooper takes up my hand. We take a step back before rushing the wall of granite at a hundred miles an hour.

My bones oscillate, my body quivers without ceasing long after we're spit out onto the slick floors of the Transfer. The pale hall extends for what seems like an eternity as Coop leads us down corridor after corridor with such accuracy you'd think he engineered the building himself.

"She said to meet her here." Coop squeezes my hand as we enter a carpeted area. A blue glow emanates to our right, and Coop doesn't hesitate leading us inside.

"I recognize this place," I whisper. "It's the room with the floating coffins."

Everything in me seizes as I take in the long glass tubes that extend from floor to ceiling. Corpses float inside, submerged in blue fluid. Each of them holds a blank open gaze with their bodies sealed in wetsuits, giving them the appeal of an army of petrified soldiers. This was truly a killing field, a mass watery grave that begs for intervention.

"I bet you half of these are stolen lives," I say. "I wouldn't put it past the Counts to arrange for death just so they could proliferate their numbers."

"Worst recycling program ever." He tightens his grip around my waist.

Ezrina scuttles into the room with her dark cloak, emphasizing the hump over her back, her wild hair wafts in the breeze like a slow building fire.

"What happened?" Coop swallows hard as if bracing for the worst.

"She lives." Her haggard frame straightens ever so slightly. "Pearl." It whispers from her like a demonic incantation.

A girl about our age walks into the room with long, glossy hair-black as soot-full ruby lips, rosy glowing skin-everything about her is the perfect picture of health.

"Pearl?" I step forward and inspect her. She has on a short black dress, her long legs touching down, lean and strong, with her feet pressed into a pair of heels.

"Do you like it?" She gives a little twirl. "Ezrina said all the girls dressed like prostitutes now, and I really want to fit in."

"You look terrific." Not to mention alive and unstoppably healthy.

Cooper gives a dry laugh. "You made it, Pearl. Congratulations."

She made it. My heart tries to pump out of my chest-so wildly amazed and horrified all at the same time.

Now what?

Coop and I stow Pearl away in my bedroom and just stare at her as she rambles on in an animated state that neither of us had ever witnessed.

"Do I have to go to school? I absolutely hate school. Is there any way I could just stay home? I miss TV. Do you have TV? I love TV dinners. Can you help me get some of those?"

"Pearl." I hold my hands out in an effort to slow her down. "Relax, would you? You're starting to give me an ulcer." My head throbs in rhythm to her elation. "On second thought, if anyone has a right to vomit everything out at once, it's you. Please, take a seat." I coax as Coop and I land on Hattie's haunted mattress. "Now, tell us about yourself. Do you remember anything that happened?"

"Let's see." Her pale eyes sweep the ceiling. "I was born fourth in line, two of my brothers died early in a horrible train accident. My sister and I attended Ephemeral-residing at Alcott Hall." She makes a face. "I know Austen is the rival suite, but I really want to stay. I never liked having an east-facing dormitory. I'm not big into rivalries anyway."

Coop winces as he inspects our newfound friend but doesn't say a word.

"I think it's great you're not big on rivalries," I say stupidly. I kindly omit the part about me not being so big on Ephemeral in general.

A gentle knock erupts at the door, and Jen breezes in. "Cooper?" Her face contorts as if she found us buck naked, twisted together like a pretzel. "Do you mind?" She points out the door, not bothering to hide the fact she's a little more than pissed. "Laken has a boyfriend, thank you very much," she says, hoisting him into the hall rather unceremoniously.

"Excuse me," I say, plucking her hand off his jacket. I step out with him and shut the door behind us. "So what do you think? It looks like Ezrina perfected the resurrection recipe, and now you won't have to exterminate the Spectators."

He pulls his lips to the side. "I wouldn't go running to the Counts with the good news just yet." He glances over my shoulder before stepping in close. "Don't you think it's odd that Pearl was a student at Ephemeral?"

"Why would I think it's odd? Should I be surprised?" Crap. I don't know what to think anymore.

"It's strange, that's for sure." Coop latches onto me with those pencil grey eyes. "I'd better go before Jen has a coronary." His cheek pinches to the side. "I've got some shopping to do for homecoming anyway. Apparently all hell will break loose if I don't accessorize correctly."

"Homecoming," I whisper, despondent at the thought of Coop escorting Grayson anywhere.

He glances at the door. "Be careful," he whispers. Coop reaches up and caresses my cheek, making the rest of my body jealous for his touch.

"Say cheese!" Grayson steps in close and displays a picture of us on her phone with Coop brushing over me with his hand. "Now to hit send." She clicks away, and already I know where it went.

Shit.

"Pity." She gives a mock frown. "Wes has been asking for you all afternoon."

Coop lets out a sigh of frustration. "I really don't appreciate this." He shoots Grayson a look of discontent. "I was just helping out a friend. It really pisses me off that you're so quick to cause trouble."

Grayson's bright pink lips quiver into a perfect O. Her shoulders sag. Her eyes cut to dangerous slits as she glares into him.

"Well, Cooper"-she takes in a controlled breath-"I was just helping out a friend, myself. You see, it turns out some guys from Rycroft jumped Wes this morning. They had to take him to the infirmary. He's got a concussion, and they nearly yanked his balls out of his nose."

The floor shifts beneath me-the oxygen vacuums out of the room.

"I need to get to Wes." I take the stairs two by two and tumble down the last few.

"Laken." Coop helps me up. "I'll drive."

"I'm coming with you." Grayson follows us into the cool evening air.

Who were these idiots from Rycroft? Obviously, that psycho I supposedly dated, Miles Richards, was involved. Suddenly, I'm feeling the need to invoke an ass kicking myself.

We hop into Cooper's truck. Grayson pushes herself in so close to him, it makes me wonder if she's driving.

I stare out the window at the silver-colored world as it stretches out like taffy.

Wes is hurt. He was asking for me. I used to worship at his feet, and now I've reduced him as low as the enemy, but he's not-nor will he ever be. I need to reprioritize and get him back in his right mind. We were each other's everything, and we can't lose sight of that now.

"You okay?" Coop dips past Grayson's breast extensions as he looks me over.

I give a brief nod.

Coop. He's filled in Wesley's void so proficiently, dare I say better. I think out of all the things this new world of Ephemeral and the Counts have given me to fear-the thing I fear most is Cooper Flanders himself.

He's changed everything.

Nothing will ever be the same.

The infirmary is a boxy building, across from the north campus, that I didn't know existed until this unfortunate hour. It took more than ten minutes to get to by car, so I'm glad I accepted the ride.

"I'm pretty sure you shouldn't go in," I say to Coop before we enter the tiny building.

"I want to." He glances past me at Grayson who's already at the information desk.

Inside, the scent of ammonia scours my senses, makes my eyes water from the invisible fumes employed to battle bacteria.

"Wesley Parker," I pant into the girl seated at the front desk. "I mean, Paxton."

"Mr. Paxton is in the third room to the left." Her forehead creases as she takes the three of us in. "Keep it down. He's trying to get some rest."

I don't listen to the rest of her spiel. I simply count out the doorways and barrel into the one where I find Kresley, seated at the edge of a tiny blue sofa.

"Look who decided to show?" She rises, mostly to get out of my way as I head to the other side of the curtain.

"Shit!" It expels from me in a breathless whisper.

"Dude." Coop makes his way over to Wes, shocked at the bloated rendition of my beautiful boyfriend.

Wesley's left eye is swollen shut. His lip is torn in an upright angle with stitches forming a jagged row of X's, giving him that scary Halloween effect.

"Heard you broke your rib." It comes from me weak, broken as Wesley himself.

"I'm okay." He sits up and winces in the process.

"You're not okay," I whisper, taking up his hand.

"Did you see the guys who did it?" Coop looks genuinely pissed which shouldn't surprise me since Coop is an all around nice guy.

I rub my thumb over Wesley's palm as if nudging him along.

He shakes my hand loose and gives a dry laugh.

Crap. I'm such an ass for drooling over Coop's "all around nice guy" status while Wes lies on his deathbed.

I take up his fingers again and pretend not to notice the overt eviction he just gave me.

I love Wes so much. It kills me to see him like this. I over annunciate the thought as I give his hand a gentle squeeze.

Wes looks up and smiles before redirecting his gaze toward Cooper.

Damn, Coop. He glares at him a moment. "I did see the guys who did it."

Kresley steps in, wide-eyed with anticipation. "It was that f**k-up she was seeing at Rycroft, wasn't it?"

"Nope." He shakes his head. The anemic smile on his face expands ever so slightly.

"Who was it?" Coop is insistent on joining in on the battle. "Someone from Ephemeral?"

"No." Wes looks down, defeated. "It was nothing. I probably had it coming." He digs his palm into his eye, looking far more tired than injured. "Look, it's no big deal."

"No big deal?" Kresley gags on her words. "What if they come back? That's it-I'm calling the cops." She whips out her phone and starts in on a dialing spree.

"I said, no." Wes roars, inspiring her to drop the phone into her purse.

"Knew it," she seethes. "You're protecting this little slut, and now she's almost got you killed. One day you're going to wake up and realize you let the best thing that ever happened to you walk out that door. And you know what?" Her chest expands like a wall. Her clear green eyes are dull as sea glass. "I'll still be there for you, Wesley. Laken is nothing but a blister on our relationship." She storms out of the room, creating a whirlwind with her exit.

A blister? That's what she's relegated me to?

I can't stand Kresley and her drama-mama ways. I don't think I've hated a single soul in my life, but I have a serious disdain for Kresley Fisher.

I slip my fingers away from Wes a moment.

If anyone is a blister, it's the Counts.

Wes gropes for my hand again, so I give it.

"Who was it, man?" Coop tries coaxing the answer out of him. "I'll help you pay them a visit."

I wonder how much of this is real and how much of this is strategy.

That's what I'm wondering, Wes says to himself as he takes in Coop.

I swallow hard, looking down at our conjoined fingers.

"It's no one you know." Wes relaxes his head over his pillow and sinks into the downed cushion. It's not like I'm going to tell them I've just had my ass kicked by two pussies from the future.

Why in God's name would anyone want to do this to Wes? I squeeze his hand as if demanding an answer.

Shit. It's killing Laken. He glances up at Cooper. It's easy for someone like Coop. I bet he makes her feel all safe and cozy, no f**ked up secrets, not one kernel of dishonesty floating around between them. He closes his eyes briefly. I can't do this anymore. It's either tell her everything or cut her loose. Maybe I do belong with Kres. Maybe Laken would be better off with someone like Coop.

My insides line with lead. I could feel the weight of all of Ephemeral crushing over my chest as tears flood my vision.

I lie down gently next to Wes and let loose the wild torrent that's been waiting to unleash since the day I first arrived on campus.

"I'll wait outside." Coop leaves the room, and I can feel the void in his wake.

Wes runs his fingers through the back of my hair in smooth, slow circles. It's as if the room, the school-the state dissolves to nothing, and we're right back in Kansas.

Right back in Kansas, Wes muses. God I wish it were all true-the two of us having simpler lives to escape to. I'd give anything for it to not be so damn complicated.

Homecoming.

Friday afternoon, the sky unleashes an outburst of aggression, driving down its fury in vats right over Ephemeral's football field. We're playing our crosstown rivals, Rycroft. In a way, I'm glad it wasn't anyone from Rycroft who beat Wesley to a pulp. I'd hate to be responsible for anyone hurting him-nearly killing him. Although, I'm not entirely sure I'm absolved of causing the disaster either. I have no idea what he meant by people from the future. It all sounded a little too sci-fi to me. Coop seems to think it has to do with his blood sucking side-hobby. And, injuries be damned, Wes swore he'd still be my date for homecoming. Although, wisely he decided to ditch the action on the grid-rain started during halftime and never let up.

The game goes on through the downpour. The field turns into soupy terrain while the rest of the cheerleaders and I hop around with clear plastic ponchos. It's the last few moments of the final quarter. Jen says they would have canceled if the game started out this way, but there's no point in turning back now.

"Miles is looking at you." Carter hooks her elbow into mine and spins me in a circle. She jumps in a huge puddle, sending a wall of water up my skirt, and my numb legs flinch at the glacial surprise.

"Who cares. I bet he looks at all the girls. He's a biological malfunction with a permanent hard-on in his jeans." I say, scouring the crowd for Pearl. I told her she could watch the game, but she needed to stay put. Jen was less than impressed that "a defector from Alcott" was seeking shelter in my room. I think she'd be even less impressed if she knew how long ago she defected, or more to the point, was plucked off campus by the body snatchers. But I don't see any sign of Pearl. It's nothing but a sea of black umbrellas.

The rain lets up just enough as the final whistle sounds. Fourteen to eight, Ephemeral takes the victory.

The football team streamlines in our direction. It's wall-to-wall shoulder pads as people make their way to the gym.

Warm fingers touch down over mine, low by my thigh, and I clasp around them.

Good game. Looks like you're the hero tonight. I give an impish grin as I look away.

I wasn't really paying attention to the game. Cooper cinches our fingers. They should outlaw your moves, Laken. I nearly got taken out twice because of those hips. He gives a firm squeeze as the crowd starts to dwindle. I talked to my dad about some of these bizarre coincidences. He seems to think we should look closer at Hattie. Can you get some hair and tissue samples? He'll run a panel, and hopefully we'll get to the bottom of what she's made of.

I'll do my best. I start to walk away. I'll see you tonight.

Hey, Laken? I just want you to know that if I could have asked you to the dance, I would've.

I look over at him, and our eyes lock. A sea of people pass between us as my fingers return to my side.

I mouth a simple thank you before heading to the gym.

It's time to get ready for homecoming-for Wes.

"Laken." My name echoes from the field. I glance through the hazy drizzle, but nothing catches my eye.

"Laken." A sharp voice hisses from behind, and I pivot on my heels.

The crowd moves every which way like an army of disorganized ants.

Strange. I don't see anybody.

I glance back toward the field, and a scream gets bottled in my throat.

The Tobias sisters flash like holograms before me, their sickly thin frames, their severely balding scalps scratch against the dismal backdrop, vying for my attention. The one on the right grasps onto her sister's hair, engaging in violent tugs, twisting and jerking. She labors until her sister's head spins unnaturally before popping right off as if she extracted a plant from the ground, nothing but bloody roots dangling below.

I clap my hand over my chest and take a step back.

"Shit."

"Laken!" Hattie blinks forward until she's in front of me with her emaciated features, her stained teeth. "Pearl Montagne lives." She hisses it in my face as if it were the vilest truth. "Find my family. You have seven days"-she shoves the decapitated cranium in my direction-"or you're next."

Amelia blinks up at me with a thin smile on her lips, blood oozing from her nose. I knock the ball of teeth and hair out of my way like I were serving a volleyball.

"You bitch!" She says it soft yet shocked as hell that I had the nerve to chuck her sister's head into the crowd.

I snatch her by the muslin sheath she's wrapped in and lift her into the air. Hattie is solid as if she were real, not some figment of my psychotic imagination.

"Don't you threaten me," I seethe. "I have enough bullshit to deal with right now. I'll find your damn family and send them to the reanimation station in time for the f**king holidays. Why don't you make this worth my effort and lead me to the tunnels, so I can at least see mine."

"When my family heals." Her frame dissolves beneath my fingers and soon I'm grasping nothing but air.

"Laken!" I spin around fully expecting to find the twisted Tobias sisters disemboweling one another for sport, but it's Pearl with a vaguely familiar boy in tow. "Miles, just asked me to the dance!" Pearl hops up and down as the rain starts in on something a little more severe than a drizzle.

I glance at the tall boy with broad shoulders and a self-serving grin. That's right. I remember now. He's my supposed ex-boyfriend.

"Pearl"-I shake my head-"I don't think you should be dating people you hardly know."

"My mother would say the exact same thing." Her blue eyes beam like lanterns-the devious undertones, rife with sexual implications.

Why in the hell does everything make her so damn happy? What was in that resurrection formula anyway? Opium?

She belts out a laugh right in my face. "You're not my mother are you?" She hops over to Miles and slings her arms over his neck. His dark brows rise in my direction as if this whole stunt were meant to drive me insane. "Looks like I've got a date for homecoming." She brushes her lips over his neck and sinks her hand up his soaking wet shirt.

"Don't worry, Laken," he says. "You know I'll always save a dance for you."

Pearl dips her knees in amazement. "He's going to dance with both of us!"

That's not all he'd like to do with the both of us.

Clearly Pearl is a danger to herself and others. There's no way I'm letting her out of my sight at that dance.

But first, I need to pay a visit to my least favorite faux Tobias sister.

It's time to play the DNA game.

Coop

Hours after the game, the skies have miraculously cleared, giving me a window of opportunity to park before heading into the Trinity Country Club.

Grayson leans in toward me, her boobs ready and willing to bounce out of her low cut dress-hell, it's high cut too if you count the way its hugging her bottom. Doesn't leave much to the imagination not that I haven't seen her naked. One more hairpin-turn and she would have spilled all over the dash like a pair of flesh-covered beach balls.

"I'm not that mad at you anymore for not renting a limo." She crosses her arms and pouts as if she is still very much pissed over the non-luxury transport. Grayson filled me in on the fact she sunk two wine coolers earlier, and judging by the blowback, every time she opens her mouth, I'd say she gave a conservative number.

"I'm really sorry about that." For the f**king thousandth time. "I just couldn't swing it this time." Which is true but even if I could, who the hell wants to give up five hundred dollars for the night when I've got a perfectly good truck that's paid for? Grayson, that's who.

"This time?" She catches her breath while sweeping me with a wide-eyed look of wrongful anticipation. "Cooper Flanders, did you just ask me to prom?"

Shit.

I give a weak smile as I bypass the valet parking and find a spot deep in the lot.

She unbuckles her seatbelt and dives over me in one svelte move. Her hands glide around my shirt with the ease of a greased snake. Her head dives down toward my crotch like she's about to bob for apples.

"Whoa." I slip out the door and go around to get her. Something tells me it's going to be a long, long night.

We start making our way down the lot, and an eerie feeling like I'm being watched encompasses me. I glance back. A reflection on the rear window of the truck catches my attention.

Grayson blabbers on about color coordination and prom, but I pause for a minute and narrow my gaze on the ever-increasing image appearing over the blackened glass. It's moving. A sea of football players emerge before it zeros in on Laken and me. That's today at the game. It zooms in again and focuses on our fingers touching.

"Come on, Coop!" Grayson's ankle buckles as she struggles to reach me. "Shit," she hisses, righting herself.

"You okay?" I go over and thread my arm in hers.

"I'm always okay with you around. Now, let's show off some moves." She lets out a few raucous woops and drags me along.

I glance back at the truck, and the glass is restored, black as midnight. Looks like someone else is showing off a few moves tonight as well. Whoever took those strange pictures of Laken and I a few weeks back is up to their photographic pranks again. Only, I don't think it's a who, I very much believe it's a what, and I for damn sure know when. That image was only a few hours stale.

Now if only I could figure out why.

The country club sparkles with thousands of twinkle lights that make the cavernous room look like the stars lost their way and ended up inside. Frosted birch trees adorn the periphery as well as one big fat mother of a tree, planted smack dab in the middle of the dance floor with fake snow piled around it.

The room buzzes with soft music and the sound of hundreds of students talking at once. Every now and again a burst of laughter pierces the air.

"God!" Grayson jumps, and her boobs bounce so severely I'm afraid the girls are about to make their debut for the evening. Her left nipple shows a brown sunrise, and I'm quick to look away. "It's so freaking beautiful!" She gawks at the icy inspired surroundings.

Then I see her. Laken. Her hair frames her face in loose waves, setting off her beauty like flowers in springtime. She's wearing a short red dress, leaving just enough cle**age peering through to send my dick perking to attention. She strides this way with those long pale stems, her feet strapped in crimson heels that give the illusion she's walking on flames.

My heart starts in on a death rattle. My palms liquefy. My stomach tightens like a rock as she comes in close. Her face is far more defined tonight, more makeup, but in a good way. Laken is a natural beauty, but tonight she looks like a goddess-the princess who stole my heart-the girl I could never truly have. Could I? The possibility seems too good to be true. Girls like Laken didn't happen for me, they happened for morons like Wes who could never figure out how to appreciate them-how to believe them when they needed it most.

"My date is in the bathroom." She nods into Grayson in lieu of hello. Her attention shifts to me. "You look great." Laken licks her lips like a reflex and pants as she pushes in close. "I got that info on Animal Farm you were looking for. You know, how to tell if the pigs were really people?" Her eyes slit to Grayson when she says, "pigs."

"You're a pig trying to pass for people." Grayson doesn't bother hiding her disdain for Laken, but I'm too enamored with her beauty to pay Grayson any attention.

Laken scoffs, turning her pale shoulder in seductively. The light dances off her hair, her bare arms, and I want to pull her in and kiss her-leave her to come up with an entire slew of excuses in the event Wesley catches us again.

"Thanks," I tell her. "I really want to be sure I know what I'm talking about in 'that paper.' It'd be great if there were DNA evidence-you know, to see if they were 'pigs or people.'"

"Oh"-Laken leans in-"one more thing. That family of wanderers?" She pauses, glancing at Grayson. "We only have seven days to identify them. Hattie Tobias told me so herself."

Grayson scoffs. "That girl is a head case."

"I couldn't agree more." Laken crimps her lips. "I guess I'll see you around." She pulls her sad eyes off me, slow as January.

"Laken?" I call after her before she gets too far. She turns and digs a tiny smile in her cheek just for me. "You look beautiful."

Her shoulders relax, her face smooths out as if she had waited to hear those exact words.

After two weeks of sleeping on the floor, maybe its time to reconsider the mattress.

Hours bleed by as I watch Laken with her arms wrapped around Wesley in a way that can only be defined as genuine affection.

Crap.

I crumple the napkin I've been choking the junk out of for the better half of the night and toss it onto the table.

"Whatcha doing?" Flynn lands next to me, lying over two chairs as he fans himself with a place card. His face is beet red with sweat trickling down the sides. He's been in charge of what looks like a flash mob the last few hours, with at least a dozen different girls feeling him up at once.

"Hiding out?" I ask.

"You or me?"

"Both."

"Pearl seems to be having a good time." He sits up, and we watch amused as she ropes Miles in on another hopping session.

"Yup. She's been dry humping the bastard all night." Swear to God if I see him molest Laken with his eyes, one more time, I might accidentally knock his ass all the way back to Rycroft.

"I've got a crowd of Spectators for you, dude." Flynn shakes his head, and beads of sweat drip onto his dress shirt. "They're ready and willing, man." He socks me in the arm. "Let's get this thing done, bro. I need to see Casper's ugly mug before Christmas. My mom's losing it."

"I hear you." I nod. I'm losing it. Laken is losing it-not to mention other things she's thinking about giving away to Wes, like herself.

A violent hum surges from the dance floor. Both Flynn and I bolt over to see what's holding everyone's attention captive.

Pearl.

She's strutting her stuff in a manic display so animated it looks damn straight demonic.

"Shit," I whisper as I take in the strange sight. The crowd keeps a safe distance, creating a clearing for her hyperactive antics. Her limbs gyrate. Her back bends unnaturally. Her head rotates so fast you can hear the bones snap in her neck like the cracking of a tree branch.

"Holy shit." Flynn slaps me in the stomach never taking his eyes off the display.

Her dress shimmies up past her hips, inspiring Ms. Paxton to blow her whistle like she's trying to break up a fight.

Pearl pumps her fist in the air while her body twitches to the music in an unnatural show of flexion. She falls to the floor and spazzes out over the hardwood like she's bouncing on a trampoline. Her body bucks and kicks until it becomes apparent she's unable to control herself.

I rush over to Laken and ignore the fact Wes is securely holding her at the waist.

"She's seizing," I shout over the music.

Newfound screams of horror emit as the crowd comes to the same conclusion. I glance back down, and her face is sprayed with blood, her tongue hangs out like a strip of raw steak.

Laken latches onto my shirt and shakes me. "Do something!"

Pearl vomits a vat of blue liquid in a three-foot circumference, and the crowd groans and shrieks in disgust. Her body slows to a crawl, her limbs jerk in sharp, staccato increments.

"Pearl!" Laken tries to run over, but I catch her and hold her a moment before releasing her back to Wes.

Pearl ceases all movement.

The music stops.

The houselights spray over the vicinity with their harsh, intrusive glow.

It looks like the resurrection turned to shit pretty quickly.

Back to square one.

An electrical snap emits from Pearl. Her body hisses and smokes as her skin, her hair, her flesh offers the students of Ephemeral a lesson in biodegrading they will never forget.

Pearl is a Spectator once again.

Albeit a dead one.

Wesley

After the untimely death of a virtual stranger, who Laken personally invited to the dance, a few of the dorms offer to host the remainder of homecoming.

Jen was generous enough to open the doors to Austen House, so, of course, we head there. On the entire way over, I grill the holy shit out of Laken who insists she thought Pearl was a bona fide student at Ephemeral, but something about the answers she gives don't add up. Besides, Laken is the last person to spontaneously trust someone.

I shake my head as we step into Austen.

"Hey"-I pull her in and brush my lips over hers-"you know I love you, right?" She's so achingly beautiful tonight I can't help but shake when I look at her.

"Then please stop making me feel bad for inviting Pearl to homecoming. I feel horrible about what happened." She lowers her lashes a moment. "And if I knew she was going to bring Miles, I would never have encouraged her. Did you see him ogling me? I swear I felt defiled just being in his presence." She shudders.

"I did. And, trust me, if things didn't turn to crap, I would have kicked some Rycroft ass." I bounce my lips off her forehead. The truth is I'm still sore as shit from the beating I received myself from Skyla's idiot friends. "I swear to you, I don't blame you for what happened tonight. You did nothing wrong. I apologize for even making you think you did." I wrap my arms around her tight like a vice. What the hell was this mystery girl doing in Laken's room anyway? Something about it feels too damn strange. But I'll continue with the inquisition some other time.

Mom and Edinger spring through the entry and speed on over.

"Wesley, Laken." Mom says Laken's name in a curt manner, never a good sign. "The police have filed a report. We'll know more after the autopsy regarding whether or not criminal activity played a role in the poor girl's death. Are you sure you don't know her last name?"

Laken shrinks a little and doesn't say a word.

"I don't. She just said her name was, Pearl."

Edinger expels a hearty sigh. His cologne penetrates the air, thick and strangulating-far too sweet for my taste. The strong scent of cloves makes him smell more like a ham at Easter than the sophisticated douche he thinks he is.

Laken lets out a little laugh.

"What so funny?" Edinger's eyes squint with a laughter all their own. He's the only sub-human on the planet that smiles so damn much.

"Oh"-Laken squeezes my hand for help-"I heard Jen in the background say she just put in a batch of cookies, and I thought that's just like my sister, always trying to make people feel better." Thank God for Jen and her impractical culinary skills.

I bring her hand to my lips. I'm pretty sure Laken does a better job of making people feel better any day of the week. In fact I'm looking forward to her making me feel really good in the very near future.

"Young love." Edinger spouts off for no reason. "It's so beautiful to witness." He cuts a hard look to Laken. "Be careful with your hearts. At this tender age they're susceptible to a lifetime of damage. If you tell someone they're your everything, you should most certainly mean it."

Laken twists her lips. Good thing Wesley is my everything. She cuts me a little smile.

"I agree wholeheartedly." Mom shoots him a look that could freeze middle earth.

"I smell cookies," I say to Laken. "We'll catch you two later." I maneuver Laken and myself across the room, burying ourselves in the crowd to shield us from any more of Edinger's bizarre and uncalled for relationship advice.

"Sounds like there's trouble in paradise." Laken glances back over at them.

"There is. She wants a ring and he wants a fling."

"Sounds like a typical male, female relationship."

It won't be for us.

I pull her in as the music slows to a crawl and press my hips over hers. We move to the rhythm, and I moan into her ear. Laken has the ability to drive me wild from across the room let alone touching me in such an intimate way.

"Check that out," she whispers, pointing to Jen and Jackson locked at the lips. "She's gorging on his tongue as if it were a meal."

Shit. I pan the room for my brother and spot him frozen in Jax Easton's arms. He said the only reason he agreed to take her to homecoming was so he could keep an eye on Jen. Blaine plucks Jax off in haste as he migrates across the room at a quickened pace.

"Here we go," I say under my breath.

Blaine wastes no time in dethroning Jackson as the victor of Jen's lingual fluids and knocks him hard against the mantle just shy of setting the poor bastard's ass on fire.

"Do something!" Laken jumps in a panic as Jen belts out a choir of hysterics.

Blaine pulls Jen in and thrusts his lips over hers. Their bodies remain perfectly still as they devour one another for the entire room to see.

"Oh Crap." Laken spits it out disappointed. "I can't stand to watch. I think I smell something burning. I'll be right back."

She takes off in her barely-there dress. Laken looks good in any color, but, hot damn, she's setting sparks off with that red dress.

Jen disbands from the kiss as Jackson and Blaine start in on a shoving match. I'd step in, but Mom has her whistle at the ready, and Edinger has stuck his beak in the ring. I hope he gets clocked.

Flanders and Grayson catch my attention. I have to admit I'm damn near impressed he hasn't made a single move on Laken tonight. She's hotter than hell, and I couldn't blame him if he tried. It makes me wonder if he was ever interested in her in the first place. Maybe I had it wrong. I mean, he was with Grayson last summer. God knows Grayson Evans has made it clear that she's ready and willing to commit to a lifetime of sexual servitude with Flanders if he'll allow her the honor. Although, half the guys at Ephemeral have tapped that well, and I don't think Flanders is the kind of guy who wants a piece of leftover pie.

He nods in my direction as Grayson disappears for a moment and heads over.

"So who did this to you, man?" Coop slaps me gently on the back as he examines the stitches running up the side of my face.

"Logan and Gage Oliver." Their names roll off my tongue, rough and hostile, like drilling a jackhammer.

"You sure they're not from Rycroft?" Coop ticks his head back. His jaw redefines itself as if he's good and pissed on my behalf.

I know Coop well enough to realize what he's up to. He's memorizing their names, running it through the super computer that functions as his memory bank to see if he recognizes them. We used to be friends Coop and me. Good ones.

I shake my head at the thought of losing what we had over my incessant jealousy. Coop would do anything to help me out, anyone out, for that matter-he's just that nice.

"Coop"-I step in and take a breath-"you're one of us. You're like a brother. I don't want there to be weirdness between us anymore. I miss tossing the ball on the field and hanging out after you ran a perfect game. I really appreciate your concern with my new face, but the guys who did this," I pause and press out a dry smile, "they're from a couple years in the future. It's some bullshit I got mixed up in, and they're just doing what they think is right. I'll get 'em back though." I'll be damned if I let those two ass-wipes get away with ever laying a hand on me.

"Get a hold of a supervising spirit, and lets get out there." Coop crosses his arms like he's ready and rearing to go.

"It's not that easy. We need a willing Celestra." I leave out the part about my supervising spirit being an ass who doesn't believe in doing me any favors.

Coop doesn't say anything.

Laken emerges from the kitchen with Carter in tow. They head straight over to Jen who is noticeably without either of her spit-swapping partners.

Cooper runs his eyes over Laken. He's drinking her down, lusting after her without the ability to control it in my presence. He blinks away and swallows hard.

It's becoming clear he's less interested in Grayson than I thought.

"So I hear Laken knew that girl." He nods. "Weird how that all went down."

I stare at Coop a really long time. Maybe now is the time to call bullshit, but I decide against it.

"It's sad. I hope they find her family soon." I pan the room for Blaine. "So you and Grayson, huh?" I knock into his shoulder with mine, and it elicits a riot of pain in my abdomen.

"Can you blame me?" Coop swallows a laugh, and I'm not sure if he's kidding or not.

"You know, we should hang out more," I say, tossing the bone out there. "We should take the girls to dinner. Laken is still new. I know Kres has been giving her a hard time, so Grayson's probably not too far behind. I'd like to see them get along."

Coop loses his friendly demeanor, and for a moment I wonder if a second ass kicking is in the works for me. He manufactures a dry smile that lets me know he's not enthused with the bonding session I just proposed.

"Yeah, let's do that. I think it'll be fun." He continues to openly glare at me. "I'd better go find Grayson. I'd hate for someone else to try and step into my shoes. Someone might end up looking like you if they tried. Is that what you did, Wes?" He lets out a playful laugh. "You try to steal someone's girl?"

Skyla comes to mind. She's beautiful but doesn't hold a candle to Laken. For a second I envision Laken tied up and stretched out while Gage has his way with her neck, and my blood begins to boil. I shake the thought loose.

"Maybe I did." I give a quick wink as he takes off. I did something a whole hell of a lot worse than trying to steal someone's girl-I hurt her.

Laken doesn't hesitate to bring me upstairs once our lips begin to overheat. The party rages on, and I've kept an eye on Flanders all night. As far as I can tell, he seems genuinely into Grayson-the way he holds her hand, her waist like they were a couple.

I noticed Laken stealing a few glances in their direction herself. I'm sure it hurt her ego a little to see he wasn't pining for her anymore. It's got to feel good knowing two different guys want your affection, so maybe that's all it was to her. I'd hate to think maybe she was really into him. Kres pines for me, and I'm not remotely "into" her anymore. After I turned her down cold the night she showed up in my bed, I knew Laken put an end to that relationship for good. An image of Kres burns through my mind, naked-complete with a shiny red bow.

Laken looks right at me, her mouth falls open with surprise.

"What?"

She makes a face. "We'd better find a way to lock the door." She picks up her backpack and leans it over the crack.

"How about this?" I say, wedging her chair under the doorknob. "What was that look for?" I tease.

"I'm just"-she shakes her head-"I'm too far gone." She covers my lips with hers.

"Just a second," I say, walking her backward over to the bed. "Anything here that might clue us in on who the hell Pearl was?" Everything looks the same. Girls' dorms are always pretty neat, so maybe the trash could afford a clue or two.

Laken pulls me closer as if she knew where I was going with this.

"Who cares? It's so depressing I can't even think straight." Her eyes tear up. "I'm sure they'll find something, or her Mom will call the authorities. Right?"

"Right."

A bedroom blinks through her mind, and I wince trying to place it. It held an off campus appeal, but Laken doesn't get out much.

Shit. Laken untucks my shirt and slips her iced fingers over my flesh.

I trace the outline of her lips with my tongue and pull back in time to see her blush. Laken puts to shame any of the iconic beauties ever immortalized through art in ages past or present.

"I'm dying to sketch you." I press a kiss just under her ear, and she gives an involuntary moan. "Without your clothes. Would you let me do that?"

Her body goes rigid. An image of Kresley lying naked on my bed flashes through her mind, the red bow tied in a proud sash across her midsection just as I had seen it.

I pull back and examine her without allowing a single thought to sail through my brain.

"Sketching me in the nude? I don't know about that." Laken shivers as though the idea scares her.

I sit down and untie my shoes.

How in the hell did she peg Kresley so correctly right down to the f**king bow? I glance up just as she straddles me from behind with a knee on either side of my waist. She dips a kiss down over my shoulder, and all thoughts of Kresley quickly dissipate. Maybe it was my thought. Maybe I was just replaying the scene from the other night.

Skin on skin, that's the only way Celestra hear one another. Laken isn't Celestra. There's no way she heard me, or saw what I was thinking. It's probably just a coincidence. I bet a big red bow is how all girls envision gifting themselves to their boyfriends. But Laken wasn't thinking of herself-she mirrored my thoughts exactly.

I stiffen at the thought of Laken reading my mind. There's got to be a way I can test her to be sure.

"So..." I lie over her and interlock our fingers, tight like the bear trap it is. "Other than the tragedy, how was your night?"

"Excellent because I was with you. How's your lip? You look tragically hot by the way." A sexy gurgle trickles from her throat.

"Why thank you." I take her in, still stunned by the fact she bounced back an accurate image of Kres in her birthday suit. "I don't want to be anywhere else except right here with you. You're the most beautiful girl on the planet." I land a kiss over her nose.

Sometimes I wish she would say I love you first. In a way, I think it would mean more. I appraise her for evidence of eavesdropping.

Laken, bites her lip and looks away for a moment.

Nothing. My chest swells with relief.

"Love you," I say, giving a chaste kiss before examining her from this vantage point. "Halloween is coming up. I've got something special planned for the two of us." I flood my mind with images of Laken and me engaging in some of the most explicit sex acts I can think of and gauge her reaction.

"Holy shit, Parker." She rumbles with laughter. "You are such a dirty perv!"

My muscles tense up. My heart beats erratic.

"Why's that, Anderson?" I don't say a word about her mixing up my sir name again. I'm resigned to the fact she can't keep it straight.

"Halloween. You know"-she moves her hips beneath mine-"that's kind of strange, don't you think? Not the most romantic night in the world." She begins to nuzzle my neck, and I don't object.

"What made you think I was talking about sex?" I growl out a laugh. "I think it's you who needs to get her mind out of the gutter."

"You're a guy, Wes. It's a known fact you'll spend your entire adult life wading through 'the gutter.' I bet you envision naked girls wrapped in bows all day long. It's practically a vocation you're called into. Your testosterone status alone demands it."

I roll off and lie next to her, my hands up by the headboard safe away from her prying mind.

She did it again.

What the f**k just happened?

Long after midnight-instead of heading to Henderson-I take a lonely walk over to the library, passing Asterion in all his Minotaur glory as the fog shrouds him in mystery.

I don't like the idea of Laken having secrets. I don't have secrets. In fact, the surprise I have set for Halloween has to do with eliminating that very thing. It's going to be Laken and me, bonding on an adventure she'll never forget-the Tenebrous Woods. She's a Temple Treasure, so Edinger can't deny her. Not that I'd go crawling to him for permission. Besides, he made it emphatically clear he doesn't want to speak with her under Count authority. He should have thought about that before lopping off his head last month and holding it out to her like a bowling ball. He's such a stupid shit. He talked in circles about having fun with her. He said he knew about her injury and couldn't resist. I didn't appreciate the stunt, still don't.

I pass Asterion nice and slow. His eyes glint a silent blood red, and I don't remember him looking this evil in the light. There's a fierceness about him. Asterion seems pissed to hell about everything. It unnerves me to walk past him as if he might animate and rip me to pieces for the heck of it.

The library is lit up in the distance with its cathedral windows, glowing as if the place were on fire. It's an optical illusion created through the stained glass, and I can't help but wonder if the artist had that in mind when he designed it-the fire, the burning tower. It makes Ephemeral look downright demonic.

Laken was thinking of a room tonight when we went upstairs. I've seen that room before-a guy's room, but I can't quite place it.

I take the steps up to the library two by two and use the master key to let myself in.

The reserve lighting is enough to guide me toward the back, and I enter the "by invitation only" room before locking myself inside.

Rows and rows of leather bound books on the history of the Countenance-heck all five angelic factions, line the shelves with their gleaming, gilded spines-books on the Countenance, Deorsum, Levatio, Noster, and of course Celestra. They shine in this low light like celestial bodies that belong in the sky.

Celestra, A Lineage. I pluck the book off the shelf and thumb through it, searching for names, dates, places that might offer a clue as to which Celestra might be aiding Laken-or if, in fact, she is one herself.

"Anderson," I whisper, looking up her last name as if thumbing through a phonebook. I take a seat, settling in for the night.

"No such luck?" A disembodied voice grumbles from across the table.

"Shit!" I bounce back in my chair. "You're going to kill me one day. You know that?" I scoot back in, pissed at the dark-haired demon slowly materializing before me.

Edinger sits with his signature haughty sneer, his deceptive smiling eyes.

"I would never kill you, Wesley. I'll always be on your side, forever."

Makes me wonder why.

"Okay then"-I slide the oversized coffee-table read in his direction-"tell me what you know. What Celestra helped Laken pry into my mind tonight. And if she is one herself, you'd damn well better fess up. I don't like being left in the dark."

If Laken has any Celestra in her, I wouldn't need to venture into the wickedness that resides in the Tenebrous Woods. I could turn a blind eye like the rest of my kind and put my focus where it belongs-on Laken herself.

For a moment I imagine myself loving off her neck, how f**king erotic it would be filling my mouth with that salty explosion.

"Turn down the volume on the erotizing would you?" He grumbles while expertly dotting his finger just under a name. "This one. Here's the mother of your culprit."

I spin the book my way and pull it in.

"Michaella Duff." It sounds foreign on my tongue. I'm pretty sure I've never heard it before.

"Nee, Duff," he growls. "Perhaps you're more familiar with her married name?"

A cold chill rips through my body as Edinger takes me the long way around the proverbial block.

"What's her married name?"

"Flanders."

7

Sweet Little Lies

Laken

Late in the night, after the entire homecoming debacle is over, Coop drives us to his house in thick, sobering silence. A sturdy green sign reads, Welcome to Heaven as we drive the final few miles past the dimpled dogwoods with their fiery red leaves.

Cooper looks so damn handsome in his suit with his hair gelled back, his warm cologne pulling me in like fingers. I'm still wearing my red dress, my sky-high heels, but I tossed some clothes in my backpack for the morning which I don't normally do. I could have changed, but something in me wanted to impress Coop with my formal wear, my geisha-like makeup that crosses the border between glam and transvestite. I'm craving Coop, calling out to him like a lost child in hopes for his stray attention.

We could have left earlier if it wasn't for Jen. She was so distraught over the "duel for her affection" she couldn't see straight, so I helped her down to her haunted suite. She conked out before her head hit the pillow and good thing because I was close to slapping her silly for letting the histrionics carry on a little too long. I don't think I'd lose my mind like she did if two boys were fighting over me. I try to envision a scuffle between Wes and Coop. I get lost for a moment in the imagery of angry faces, tangled limbs, split lips while the room erupts in expletives. Something sensual enlivens in me at the thought of the two of them going at it on my behalf.

"So"-Coop nods in my direction as we make our way through the white picket fence-"everything go okay with Wes tonight? You looked like a beauty queen-still do."

A warm rush filters through me as I blush head to toe. Coop knows how to make me feel like a princess.

"Thank you. And it went fine," I say as we make our way up the porch. It feels great like this with Coop, coming home with him night after night. His bed feels more like my own than the one waiting for me at Austen House. "I saw you talking to Wes earlier. Anything you want to share?" I'm almost afraid to ask.

"He was feeling me out." Coop opens the door and lets us in. "He was playing it cool but started asking about Grayson. He wants us to go on a 'double date.'" Coop mouths the words with a silent laugh. He takes up my hand and electrocutes me with a jolt of excitement. Coop leads us through the dim lit house as if we were on some covert mission. So I guess it'll be you and me, and him and Grayson, he teases. You think they'll make out in front of us?

Ha, ha. Very funny. The thought of watching Grayson rub up against Coop all night makes me want to vomit.

Coop pulls me in and gives a remorseful smile. His cologne sweeps over me, seducing me in ways I could never imagine. Coop rakes his breath over my cheek. For a second our eyes lock, and I'm not sure what the next moment will bring.

"I'm not into Grayson," he rasps it out in a hoarse whisper.

I wonder if I should reciprocate and say the same about Wes, but my lips seal themselves together instead.

Coop presses his hand in the small of my back as he leads us deeper into the house. A nightlight glows from the kitchen, and it affords the entire downstairs a suburban romantic appeal.

A shadow appears in the living room. "You've brought a guest."

I jump behind Coop nearly taking out his shoulder.

"Dad." His voice increases in volume and rocks me out of the quiet fantasy world we were spinning through a moment ago.

"Hi, Dr. Flanders." I maneuver next to Coop, more than slightly embarrassed. This can't look good. "I have the DNA samples," I say it boastfully as if that were my sole purpose for being here-as if I always wore a short lace dress on my scientific dealings after midnight.

"Perfect." Dr. Flanders says it rather sternly as he adjusts his wire-rimmed glasses. He's wrapped in a blue flannel robe with his house slippers on, and it makes me uncomfortable to see him this way. "Come with me," he says as he leads us to the back office.

He flicks on the small desk lamp, and the room illuminates enough to make me squint. I glance up at the wall where the family portrait hangs and take in his mother with her fair coloring, her smooth easy smile. I want to memorize her. I want to recognize her if I somehow end up in those Celestra tunnels.

"Laken?" Dr. Flanders blinks in my direction. "Would you like to give me the samples?"

"Oh yes," I say, pulling the plastic bag from my backpack. "It's mostly hair, and I stole her toothbrush."

Neither Dr. Flanders nor Coop seems that impressed with my hygienic heist.

I study Dr. Flanders as he hems and haws over the articles before placing them in a small, white bin.

"I'll run a complete panel and have the results to you as soon as possible. Have you noticed anything odd about her in general?"

"She's the spitting image of Hattie Tobias," I say. "Hattie's ghost." I'm quick to correct.

Dr. Flanders stares pensively past the two of us before nodding. "We'll know soon enough." He presses out the impression of a dull laugh. "What's going on here?" He directs the question to Coop.

"It was homecoming tonight." Coop leans back and takes a deep breath. He's still in his suit jacket. His teal tie, that matched Grayson's monstrosity of a dress, hangs from his neck like a noose. "I thought we'd chill out, maybe watch a movie."

Dr. Flanders doesn't appear amused. His lips twist while needling Coop with an aggressive stare. "Marky's apprised me of the ongoing situation. Turns out, Laken's been spending quite a bit of time here-mostly early morning hours from what I understand." He amps up the sarcasm and suddenly I'm eyeing the exit.

Shit.

"Cooper sleeps on the floor," I say it so fast it sounds like a lie. I wonder if that's how I'll say it to Wes when he finds out.

Guilt crushes me like a pile of stones lying over my chest.

I bet Dr. Flanders thinks all kinds of inappropriate things are going on upstairs.

An image of Coop's naked body writhing over mine flies through my mind-his teeth grazing over my shoulder, the curve of his bare back, his shin flexing as he pushes into me-it plays on a loop and I can't shut it off.

"Laken?" Dr. Flanders knocks on his desk. "I asked if you're using protection."

"Protection?" An image of a shotgun bounces through my mind until I realize that's not the kind of self-defense he's referring to.

Crap. We just went there.

He frowns into Coop before dipping into his medical bag and producing a pair of small foil packets.

Condoms! Ack! Shit, shit, shit!

Everything in me wants to jump out of the chair, my skin-the window. Is this Dr. Flanders' way of giving us his carnal blessing? By offering us parting gifts for the evening?

Just sitting next to Coop makes me feel dirty now.

"They're not mine." It comes out dry as he looks to Coop. "They're from the convention. They're stunt condoms. They light up, heat up, vibrate, what have you." He gives an exasperated sigh. "I don't know what they do and please do not give a report in the morning," he says, rising from his seat. "Goodnight." Dr. Flanders moves swiftly out of the room. His footsteps resonate in soft thumps down the hall, and I hold my breath until all traces of him are no longer audible.

"Stunt condoms?" I say, stymied by his father's strange spontaneous PSA equip with circus-worthy prophylactics.

Coop swipes them off the desk in one easy move and gives a wicked grin.

"I guess it's time to get to bed."

Cooper Flanders looks as if he were hewn from limestone, that his face was blessed by God and his heart was made of gold so pure it flowed throughout his body in its molten, liquid form. It's no wonder Coop glows, inside and out. He's remarkable and kind, and deep down I know he can never be mine.

"Why so sad?" he says, pausing from unbuttoning his dress shirt. He barricaded the door to his room as if locking it could never be enough, and I blushed at the implications, although I'm still convinced they're platonic.

I shrug, unwilling to share how unfair everything feels at the moment. How a little part of me wished I were Grayson Evans earlier this evening.

"You never saved that dance for me." It comes out so ridiculous, I bury my head in his pillow. I watched him with Grayson every chance Wes happened to look away. And, sadly for Wes, I wished I were with Coop more than a few times tonight.

The soft hum of music fills the room. He switches off the lights, and my insides tighten at the thought of dancing in the dark with Coop of all people.

"Coop! You so don't have to do this." My heart melts as he lures me over with the tug of my hand. "We'll wake Marky."

"She's dead until seven."

My fingers, clasp over his, my hand lands soft over his chest and to my surprise it's bare.

"You're not wearing a shirt." I try to hold back the budding smile from forming on my lips. I take him in like this, lost in the shadows, his skin expanding, smooth and hard as granite. "I think you're underdressed."

"Oh really?" He smolders into me. "I think you're overdressed."

I tip my head back and laugh.

The curtains are stretched wide, allowing the streetlight to spray the room with a touch of night magic. Coop bites down on his lip, and a fire spreads through my body, warm and alive, all for Cooper. I glance down at the curves of his chiseled abs, the flat wall of his chest a mile wide. He presses his hips to mine and my insides explode with heat.

Here we go.

My body quivers as I increase my grip over his fingers. His touch ignites an inferno ripping through every intimate part of me. I don't remember the last time Wes made me feel this way, and everything in me wants to cry. I shouldn't feel this way about anybody else-especially not Coop.

The curve of a devilish smile plays on his lips as he pulls me in. The light scent of his woodsy cologne encircles us, makes me dizzy in a good way. I lay my face against his chest, and my cheek sears over his heated flesh.

Coop presses his hand into the small of my back, and my body takes on his contours. I can feel his strong arms protecting me like wings of steel. His erection protrudes against my thigh, but I choose to ignore it for now.

He sighs into me, blowing a warm breath over my hair before bowing down and planting a kiss just behind my ear.

"Laken." It heaves from him with the undertones of disappointment-a sadness that we share while rocking steady to the music.

It's torture like this with Coop.

He pulls back and winces into me. His eyes lock over mine as a blaze ignites in our hearts. It lights the entire room up in flames, and, dear God, do I ever want to burn.

Cooper leans in and touches his cheek to mine. He draws his forehead over the top of my head-his mouth hedges just shy of my lips as if asking permission. His chest pumps wild against my own as if demanding an explanation as to why I'm denying a god like Cooper Flanders the right to love me like he wants to. A question I'm beginning to ask myself on a loop.

Coop heaves a heated breath right over my mouth, and I turn my face ever so slightly to deflect something that I want just as bad as he does. His hands move manic over my body, his hips grind into mine with bone-crushing intensity. I can feel every nuance-I can feel him.

He rocks us steady over to the bed, and I fall back all too willingly.

Cooper lands on top of me, our fingers still interlaced. He locks my legs with his knees as he nuzzles into my neck.

Coop lets out a defeated sigh. His warm breath washes over me with all of the love and affection he can afford.

This is it. A real do or die moment. Things could swing either way. I take in a ragged breath and close my eyes. If he kisses me I won't stop him. If he pushes the limits I won't resist. I've worn myself out trying to hold back my affection for Coop. Trying to pull Wes in from the riptide, the Counts created, has only blown us an ocean apart and ground me down to nothing in the process.

His body relaxes over mine. Coop buries his face in my neck and takes in my scent one more time.

He pulls back and gives the hint of a smile before descending toward my lips. Coop cautiously inches his way to my mouth, closer, then nothing but a breath away. My heart detonates with a horrific charge, beating Wesley's name with every thump as if it were urging me to stop and consider-to bury the last relationship before starting another.

I can feel the warmth of his mouth just over mine, as I part my lips, ready-so ready.

A loud knock booms from the other side of the door.

"Good night you two!" Dr. Flanders calls out.

"Good night!" Coop and I shout in unison, a little overeager. Cooper rolls off and lets out a quiet sigh.

"That scared me," I whisper as the footsteps dissipate back downstairs.

Coop takes up my hand again, his face still wearing that eternal look of sorrow-that stolen smile.

"What scared you? My dad or me?"

"Both of you." I sink into the mattress. "I'm so sorry, Coop. Never in my wildest dreams would I want to lead you on."

"You want Wes, I get it." His gaze drops down to the narrow space between us. The stale light of the moon seeps in over the bed and lights a line over our bodies as if sealing us together.

"I don't know what I want. In my heart I don't think I can reach him again. He's gone, Coop, but a part of me can't accept that." I swallow hard. "He says he has something special planned for me on Halloween. I thought maybe it was," I pause motioning with my fingers, "you know." I shake my head. "He said it isn't, but it got me thinking. How far am I willing to go? Am I going to sleep with him?" It's a rhetorical question but one I'd really like Coop's thoughts on.

"I vote for no," he deadpans.

"Coop." I let out a little laugh and swat him over the shoulder. "I mean-I could. If he thinks we're close then maybe he'd take me to the tunnels. I need my sister, Coop. Our families are suffering." I can't bring myself to extrapolate any further on the subject. It's like I'm gearing up for a life of sexual espionage. Trading secrets for sex sounds dirty even if the recipient is Wes.

Coop pinches his lower lip as if he's physically trying to restrain himself from saying anything.

"Sorry about that." I'm pretty sure sexually strategizing with Cooper Flanders is a rotten idea. If anything, Cooper is a part of the problem, not the solution. Really, I wouldn't be having this conversation if it weren't for him. In fact, I would have long since given myself to Wes-to hell with his self-imposed rule on waiting to get my memory back.

"Laken," he whispers, carefully stroking the hair away from my face. "I would never in my wildest dreams ask you to touch another person to further this endeavor. I swear to you, if you want to sit back and watch from the sidelines, I'll find a way into those tunnels. I can do this on my own."

"Wes is the door."

"So are the Tobias sisters." He's quick with the reply. "Please Laken..." Coop shakes his head. His eyes plead with me more than words could ever do. "Don't give something away that's so sacred. Don't erode the landscape of your heart like this. One day you're going to really want to be with someone," he pauses, and I reflect on the fact he just replaced Wesley's name with the word someone, presumably him. "And when you are"-he reaches up and rakes his fingers through my hair-"it should be a thing of beauty-not a lure or a trap. You deserve something pure. You deserve perfect love."

My heart rattles inside me as if it were trying to escape. It would be beautiful with Coop, pure-perfect love.

"The Tobias sisters," I whisper their name in lieu of admitting I won't sleep with Wes.

"I did some research," he starts in gun shy. "Their father's name was Emmanuel, the brother is Richard."

"What about the little sister?" I remember Hattie mentioned her because she was Lacey's age.

"Kara." He digs a smile in his cheek. "I filled Flynn in on everything I knew. Told him not to tell his new gal pal in the event she tries to mislead us."

I give a silent nod. Coop has everything under control. At least the things he can.

"Sounds like you're getting along better with Flynn. What was that about anyway?" I ask it sweetly, almost too quiet for him to hear. I like it like this with Coop, our midnight murmurs with secrets spilling like oil.

"A girl." He presses out a wry smile.

I scoot into him. "This is getting good." I try to lighten the mood. I'll talk about anything to get my mind off the Counts and what they've done, and are still doing, to our families. "Dish." I give a crooked grin.

"You sure you want to hear this?" His brows dip as if he's sure I don't.

"Yes. I'm totally in the mood for an erotic bedtime story. Go right ahead. Who was she?" I bet its some girl they fought over in fourth grade with pigtails and glasses. I can totally imagine Flynn, hot on the prowl even then, and, of course, girls of all ages would be attracted to Coop. That's just the law of physics.

"Grayson." He gives a long tired blink.

My stomach flinches as if I had just been sucker punched.

That's right, I think Flynn mentioned it a while back and I was quick to put it out of my mind. For whatever reason I didn't think it was real coming from Flynn, but from Cooper's mouth it's scripture.

My heart drops. I let out my defeat in a drawn out sigh. Coop was right. I didn't want to know.

"You fought over Grayson?" And I needed to repeat this, why?

"I'm not sure you could call it a fight. He was fooling around with her at the same time I was. I just so happened to be the only one out of the loop."

"Sounds like you've misplaced your anger." Funny because I can feel mine beginning to rise. "She's the one who cheated. Flynn was just being Flynn."

He shakes his head. "You're right about Flynn, but Grayson didn't cheat. We weren't officially together. I just didn't like the feeling I was getting played. It left a bad taste in my mouth. And I don't have it in me to be ticked off at a girl, so I shut down on Flynn. The end."

"Oh." I draw my thumb to my lower lip and consider this a good long while. Coop and Grayson. My mind starts in on an entire series of inappropriate thoughts involving Coop and Grayson's boobs-their limbs knotted up in passion, Coop lost in the folds of her pillowy flesh. The entire idea makes me want to hurl.

"I'm sorry, Laken." He says it sober as if he had somehow truly hurt me with this-and he had.

"No, don't be. You didn't do anything wrong." I glance down at the slim space between us. I'm the one who's sorry. I'm sorry we ever went down this thorny trail. Very sorry. "It's fine. I mean, I'm still with Wes." I blink back tears. "And you should be with whoever you want. If that person is Grayson, then that's who you should be with." God, I'm going to die the next time I see them together knowing he touched her in such an intimate way. My entire body revolts at the concept.

"I am with the exact person I want." He touches his thumb to my cheek. "I want you, Laken. I don't want to leave any shadow of a doubt. I swear to you when I saw you that first day in the forest, I felt like you were family-like in some strange way we'd see each other again because it was inevitable. From the moment I laid eyes on you, you've never left my heart, my head, even when I sleep you're there waiting for me. All chaste dreams of course." He raises his hand like a Boy Scout and holds back a smile. "Mostly." He gives a quick wink. "Laken, I know you're not through with Wes, that the old Wesley still means everything to you. But when you dig down deep and don't find him there anymore, I want you to know I'll be waiting for you. Maybe we can try things out. See if it works." He interlaces our fingers. "Because if I'm right, this"-he touches my hand to his lips-"this is meant to be."

Deep down inside I know he's right. There is definitely some connection here that spans time and place, life and death, and links me right back to Cooper. Destiny meant him to be more than a friend. This is real, and this is right.

"I think you're really special, Coop." An unexpected surge of tears stings my eyes, and I blink them away. "In fact, I know you're special. Something is happening here. I feel things for you-amazing things."

Wes flashes before me like an unwanted hologram. Not even in the recesses of my mind had I thought I wouldn't get old Wes back. It weighs me down with a grief so palpable I can hardly stand to breathe.

Coop scoots in until I'm resting against his chest again. His familiar woodsy scent pulsates over me in waves, and he comforts me with his body warm against mine.

"Do you think we can we sleep like this tonight?" It comes out childlike, and I feel like a horrible person for even asking. I'm pretty sure Grayson was anything but childlike while lying in bed with Coop. Grayson Evans is everything I'm not.

"You don't sound childlike, Laken." He kisses my finger. "You sound pure-sweet. And, you're right, that's everything Grayson's not." He presses out a slow spreading grin, and the dimple above his eye ignites. "I don't want Grayson. I never did. I only want you, Laken, and I'm sorry I came on so strong. I'll try harder to control myself."

"I wanted to kiss you." I bleed the words out, and my body exhales as if I had been holding up a boulder all night. "I just don't want to be that girl, Coop. The one who runs around kissing two boys, telling them both the same things. I couldn't look at myself in the mirror, and, by the way, I'm already having a tough time." I give his hand a squeeze. "If Wes found out about us... if he knew I've been spending the night, drawing the blood from your body-enjoying every touch, every glance you've ever given me"-I brush my fingers over his heart-stopping features-"everything would come crashing to an end. Our only hope would be the Tobias sisters, and, as it stands, the clock is ticking on their offer." I bow my head in defeat. Time is cascading away like sand through our fingers, and of all the things to worry about it's my relationship with Cooper that crowds the forefront of my mind. Where will we end up when all is said and done? My heart aches to know this.

The sound of a car skidding off the property startles us. Coop hops over me and peers out the window. His chest expands as the car melts back into the night.

"What was that?"

"Not what-who." Coop leans against his desk with a faraway look in his eye. "We'd better find the Tobias family, Laken. It looks like they might be our only hope."

A shiver runs through me. Every muscle in my body freezes because I think I know the answer to my next question. "Why are they our only hope?"

"That car that just drove off like a bat out of hell? It was Wes."

Cooper

The next day drizzles by as uneventful as the weather. Flynn insists he's getting closer to the Tobias family as he continues his underground "Spectator" sport of personally tracking them down.

"So what exactly are you doing to gain their trust?" I ask as we trek through the murky backwoods just north of campus.

"I'm offering their lives back in exchange for information." He grunts as he trips over a root as thick as my leg.

"Okay, so you've got their attention." I scan the forest for movement. "What do you think is going to happen when it comes time to cough up a resurrection or two? Pearl is dead in case you forgot. She rotted right back to the core in less than ten minutes of her second untimely demise. Speaking of which, I need to get her out of the morgue."

"What the hell for?" The whites of his eyes expand as if I suggested we eat her for dinner.

"There's no one to claim the body, genius."

"And stealing a corpse is going to help the situation, how?"

A faint buzzing emits to our left-probably birds-a hornet's nest. Who the hell knows.

Flynn nods. "Every time I hear a noise out here, it spooks me, too."

The fog swirls around our feet. It fills itself between the tree trunks and branches, washing out the landscape in an oily haze.

A girl's voice pitches through the dull hum every now and again, then a distinctly male voice drones on with a sense of urgency. It's not Laken. I'd know her a mile away.

"I know who that is," Flynn whispers as we make our way as stealth as possible in their direction.

"Which one?"

"The female."

Of course, it's the female. Flynn's got sonar for every chick in the western hemisphere.

A rustle of leaves-the sound of footsteps heading in this direction magnifies with the steady crush of pine needles over the forest floor.

"Remember what I told you." The male says it stern, yet with the false air of tenderness. "This is a simple assignment. If you keep up the good work, you might just get what you're after."

"And if I don't?" Her voice quivers. She sounds frightened, haunted.

"You're a smart girl," he says it low, just this side of a growl. "You know what happens if you don't."

The footsteps increase in sound and volume right behind the overgrown hedge in front of us.

Shit.

A dark shadow emerges, as Flynn and I exchange glances.

"What have we got here?" Mr. Edinger pulls his lips in a smug line. He's cloaked in a long wool coat that hangs like a dress, and his feet stand at ease. "Are you two looking for something? These woods are off limits to students as I was just explaining to Ms. Tobias."

Hattie appears from behind him, looking embarrassed, not at all like her morbidly-dry self. Her posture straightens as if leaping into character. She clears her throat.

"Flynn, why don't you escort Ms. Tobias back to her dormitory," he says, squeezing himself into a pair of black leather gloves. "You're lucky I happened to see you entering these woods, young lady. It's a maze out here. One could easily get themselves killed." He glances up at me when he says that last part.

Flynn and Hattie make a beeline out of here as if the forest were about to combust-not that it hasn't happened before.

I turn to follow them out.

"Mr. Flanders." Edinger takes a step forward with that perennial sarcastic smile hedging on his lips. "What was it that you and Mr. Masterson were looking for?"

Daylight defuses behind him and gives the illusion the evergreens are about to spear him with their daggers. Edinger stands against the woods like a shadow as tall and wide as a door.

"Who said we were looking for anything? Just taking a late afternoon hike. Must have gone off the trail. Didn't even notice the trees sprouting up around us." I say it slow and measured as I gauge him.

"Temperatures will be dipping into the thirties. Make sure you dress warm." He expands his lips even further until it looks as if he's strained out a smile.

I doubt he kept me behind to talk about the weather.

I turn to head back.

"Keep out of the woods, Mr. Flanders," he calls after me. "I'd hate to see anything happen to you."

There it is, the not so veiled threat I felt coming on like a cold. I glance back. He hasn't moved an inch. His body looks as if he's dissolving into the haze. Edinger steps backward until the fog envelops him completely, nothing but his wicked grin visible for me to see-and then that too vanishes like smoke.

I speed over to where he was standing with my heart trying to jam its way out of my throat.

He's gone.

"So why is it that big of a deal that Edinger popped out of existence?" Laken bites down on her lip, and it springs back, luscious and full, ripe as a cherry.

The scent of fried tortilla chips fills the air and suddenly a smell I thought I had grown immune to has the power to intoxicate me. Maria's Mexican Restaurant looks different with Laken standing in it-more regal, less of the roach trap it really is.

I glance over her shoulder at Grayson, who's growing increasingly impatient sitting by herself at the table.

I drove both Grayson and Laken down to Maria's for the so-called double date I let Wes rope me into. Wes had a last minute emergency and said he'd meet up with us.

Laken sighs. "We knew he was Fem, remember? That whole episode with him hacking off his head and chasing me?"

"He played it off. He used your supposed 'brain injury' to make it look like you were going insane. But this is different. I don't have a brain injury, Laken-real or imagined." I rock on my feet a moment trying to figure it all out. "I don't know. I felt like it was some tip-off of things to come."

"He must know you work for Wes-that you dispose of Spectators. I don't know why it's a secret to begin with."

"Fems only come out if they have to." I shake my head. "He wanted me to know. There's a reason-there always is."

Laken takes a breath before bolting back to the table without a word.

I take it as a cue that Wes has arrived, so I head into the kitchen a moment. Just because I'm off doesn't mean they wouldn't appreciate the help. I snap up some chips and salsa for us, and my phone buzzes in my jeans.

It's a text from Flynn.

H me

H me? Knew it. All the crap he's pumped into his system has finally dissolved his last living brain cell. If his GPA continues to plummet, he'll be off the team by midterms.

I grab the food and head back to the table.

Wes sits tall and proud next to Laken with his jet-black wool coat that makes his shoulders look wide as a refrigerator. His dark hair gleams in this low light like its primed for some freaking shampoo commercial. Wes is a dick just like Edinger. Only, unlike Edinger, I doubt Wesley is going to disappear voluntarily. Nope I'm not that lucky. This is one ass**le that's here to stay.

"Here we go," I say, landing the food on the table. Grayson sits square in the middle, so I have to cozy up beside her, so I won't fall off. Laken makes a face at my close encounter with her nemesis. "So where were you at?" I knuckle bump Wes from across the table.

"Water polo. Coach made us stay late. A couple of the guys were goofing off, and everyone had to pay."

"I know how that goes." I grab a chip and dig in while the three of them examine the menus.

"What do you recommend, Coop?" Grayson dips the low cut V of her blouse onto the table, and her boobs expand to the sides as if they just found a resting place. I can't help but think it looks as if she just offered herself up as a meal.

"Number sixteen is always good. You get three different things and a side of rice and beans."

"You really know your way around this place." Wes cuts me a sarcastic smile. "One day you might even work your way up to head chef." He pushes out a closed-mouth laugh.

I nod, trying to absorb the fact Wes just openly mocked the shit out of me. One day Wes is going to be running a major corporation, and I'll probably be selling a number sixteen to Grayson and her fiance slash manager. I'd like to think I'll be the one with Laken, though.

"Wes," Laken says it controlled yet thoroughly pissed. "Coop won't always be working here. He'll have to divide his time with all of the other restaurants he'll own." She cuts him a look that says cross this line, and I'll slit your throat.

I try not to glance up at Laken, but our eyes snap toward one another like a magnet, and I smile. I don't give a shit what Wes thinks about that.

I love you, I want to tell her, but keep my mouth shut for fear of having my teeth rearranged. Besides, we need Wes. I glance at him as he silently fumes at Laken's rebuttal to his elitist sense of non-humor. Jackass. I like the idea of Laken using him. I very much plan on rubbing it in his face one day. Hopefully soon-like tomorrow.

"I think restaurants sound exciting." Grayson shrugs like she really doesn't. "But I think you should own clothing stores-designer labels only of course. You know, Louboutin, Vera Wang, La Perla."

Wesley gives a dull grin. "So you're thinking wedding bells, huh?" he teases. "The shoes, the gown, the lingerie. You've got all the bases covered."

"We should have a double wedding." Grayson drips with dark humor as she taunts Laken. "You know," she glances up at Wes. "You and Kresley, me and Coop. It'll be like the old days."

Wes frowns, but doesn't say a word.

"Oh!" Grayson claps her pink nails over her mouth. "Was I not supposed to say anything? I mean Kres was telling me all about how the two of you reconnected. It was after homecoming, right? You were running around, looking for Laken and couldn't find her-then Kres stepped in."

"Enough." Wes grits it through his teeth.

Laken and I exchange a quick glance. You can see the hurt on her face, plain as day.

"What?" Grayson feigns surprise. "I could have sworn Kres said you found her in your bed-or was it that Kres ended up in your bed?" She fills her mouth with a chip and bites down over it as if it were Wesley's balls.

"Nobody ended up in my bed." Wes gruffs it out as if the topic isn't up for debate. "Drop it."

We put in our orders and hobble through light conversation, avoiding the minefield that is Kresley and homecoming. Laken has lost her shine. Her easy smiles traded in for long eyes, the shadow of a frown hovers around her mouth.

Grayson excuses herself to use the restroom, and, to my surprise, Laken follows.

"You hear anything else about that girl? Pearl?" Wes crumples his napkin with marked aggression.

"Nothing." I take a swig of my soda. "They ever find her parents?"

Wes cuts me a dirty look as if it has the power to set my balls on fire. "They're not finding her parents, Coop," he hisses, leaning in. "She morphed into a f**king Spectator in the event your blond ass hadn't noticed."

The muscles in my jaw distend because Paxton or Parker or whoever the hell he is tonight, is really starting to piss me off.

"Find a way to dump that body," he snaps. "The last thing we need is the coroner, turning this over to the government."

"Just what I was thinking. I'm on it."

His dimples go off without a smile. "You and I seem to be thinking about the same things lately-the same people."

"Are we back at this again?" I say, plucking the straw from my cup and pouring the rest of my drink straight down my throat. "I'm with Grayson," I say, clamping the red tumbler over the table. "Things are great. Sorry if she rocked the boat with you and Laken, tonight. I'll talk to her-make sure it doesn't happen again. If you want to bang both Kres and Laken"-I hold out my hands-"that's your business, dude."

Wes lunges across the table and pulls me in by the shirt with a snarl locked on his face. "You f**king pu**y," he huffs it out low as if trying to avoid a scene. "I wasn't with Laken last night. You were." He knocks me back as he lets go. "I drove to your house, or didn't your daddy tell you?"

"My dad?"

"That's right." Gone is the sarcastic ass he's been all night. Wes is pissed, plain as day, not one undercurrent of defeat-never a good combination in a power-hungry brat who's used to getting every damn thing he wants.

"I couldn't find Laken," he continues. "She wasn't answering her phone, and neither were you."

Shit. I saw his stupid missed call this morning and blew it off.

"I drove to your house," he insists as if he wants me to admit to something. "Your dad was out front smoking a cigarette."

My gut bursts in a vat of hot bile. I knew it was his truck.

"I asked where you were, and he said you had a girl upstairs." His brows rise, amused at the concept. "I drove back to campus, and the only girl missing was Laken." His chest expands, and I can feel a fight coming on. "Kres helped me track down Grayson, who, by the way, was off entertaining herself with a dick not attached to your body-just like old times, huh?"

Wes leans back and folds his arms. I know what he's waiting for-the big denial.

"So tell me, Coop." Wes doesn't take his eyes off mine, neither one of us blinks. "Who was this mystery girl you were shacking up with under daddy's supervision? Are you going to try to tell me it was Pearl? You expect me to believe you've got dead Spectators giving you blowjobs now? Who was it?"

"It was Laken."

Wesley

A trail of smoke fills the air as an order of fajitas hisses its way past us.

I just sit and stare at Cooper almost-dead Flanders as he glares over at me an inordinate amount of time.

It was Laken.

I just asked the f**ker who the girl was in his bed, and he copped to it being my girlfriend without missing a beat. Either something's not right, or Flanders has a death wish I'll be more than happy to make come true.

I shake my head. "Rattle out your excuses because we both know damn well you've got 'em."

Grayson and Laken come back just in the nick of time.

Great. I bet Coop will be sweating out one excuse after the next until we get a chance to continue our conversation. I'm sure he'll think he's bulletproof. Doesn't matter. I think it's time I arrange a happy accident for Flanders-send a couple girls his way he won't be able to resist, then have them bite his balls off. Serves him right for thinking about Laken, and God forbid touching her. The thought makes me insane.

"Everything okay?" Laken picks up on the tension and scoots in next to me-probably to read my mind.

The food arrives and I give a depleted sigh as we start in on our meals.

I lied. I didn't go to Coop's looking for Laken. I went to Coop's looking to accuse him of letting Laken suck off his neck. Little did I know this was a nightly occurrence. Hattie Tobias said Laken hasn't slept in her bed in weeks. What the f**k?

After I left Coop's, I panicked and tried to call her-to find her, and that's when Kres reared her wicked head. She offered to comfort me in ways that were far from emotional, but I turned her down cold. Grayson was just covering her own corrupt tracks when she tried to rat me out for something I didn't do. Not that I didn't rat her out in the end, but that's what a night like tonight is for, spilling greasy secrets, watching each other slip in the mess.

Coop pays the bill before I can whip out my wallet, and we rise from the booth, thankful this nightmare is over.

"Good stuff." Coop stretches like a bear. "I'll take you home, Grayson." He ushers her out with his hand over her shoulder and gives Laken a high-five as they pass one another.

Her face smooths out in horror as they let off.

He told her.

She knows.

It's cold as hell, but Laken agrees to drive to Charity with me. We exchanged small talk on the way over, mostly about how the evening went, and I'm shocked she didn't try to force-feed me a mountain of bullshit.

The stars are cleverly hidden beneath a wash of pink fog. The lake shines like a silver platter under the harsh glare of the moon. I lay a blanket over the ground, and we sit on the shore with my jacket wrapped around the two of us. I hold her hand off and on, terrified I won't be able to control my thoughts, that I'll spill everything I know about her and Coop, and she won't have a chance to tell me a single lie. Deep down inside, I wish Laken would lie to me. I want to soak in all the dishonesty she's willing to sling my way just to keep this relationship going. The desperate hours have arrived. Our relationship was on life support all along, and I was the last to know.

"I want you to tell me something," I say, pulling her in by the waist.

We're going to have to go there. If she and Cooper are as close as I'm afraid they are, then we're going to have to dig up the casket of our love and look inside no matter how hideous the results might be. I'm sure he'll call her in a few hours, and they'll have a teleconference over what an idiot I am. Or worse, they'll gloss over it in bed before they detonate over one another.

"Tell you what?" She rocks into me.

The pale wash of moonlight strips all the color from her face, from her hair. It leaves those pale eyes of hers glowing like that of a cat, and I want to lie her back in the sand and show her exactly how much I love her right here without another word soiling what I thought was so pure.

"I love you," I whisper.

"I love you, too." She wraps her arms around my waist safely away from my skin. It makes me wonder why she didn't dip under my sweater like she usually does. It's cold out, certainly my skin would warm her hands.

Yesterday I trusted her like God himself, and now her every move is suspect.

"Laken-" I brush my cheek against hers. Her skin is so soft, it makes her feel impractically young, as if in some way she's too naive, too sweet and innocent to carry out such a malfeasance against my heart. I look over at her. My entire person is filled with an inexplicable sorrow as if innately I know the truth will certainly not set me free.

"What's going on with you and Coop?" The words ooze from me like a bloodlet. "Why were you with him last night?" I stop shy of asking what they were doing, if she wanted it. An image of their bodies locked together pops through my mind, and I try to shake it away. I'm sure my darkest nightmares will show me a replay regardless if I want it or not.

The water whispers against the shore and fills the silence left in the wake of my question. Cooper is a disease that broke out over our relationship. He's tearing up the fabric of who we are, shredding us to pieces, and I didn't even know it.

Laken takes in a breath as if I've caught her off guard, and for a moment I wonder if Coop had filled her in on what happened after all.

Her cheeks darken in this dim light. I can tell she's flustered by the way her fingers have spastically twined themselves around a loose thread on her sweater.

"Okay." She swallows hard.

Tears glimmer in her eyes, and my heart drops. Shit. She's not even going to deny it. I don't know why I thought both she and Coop were going to try to pull off the world's best snow job. I don't know why I thought I was worth a lie or two-that the safekeeping of our so-called relationship was somehow worth the trouble.

"Are you ready to hear this?" She shoots the words out like daggers, and a ball of acid rips through my insides. The last thing I expected was Laken to be pissed at me.

"Yes," I say it low, trying to defuse the situation.

"You never believe a damn thing I say," she snaps. Her head ticks to the side as if she were readying for a showdown. If a shouting match is what she's hoping for, she'll be sorely disappointed. Not one part of me feels like fighting with Laken tonight or ever.

"What do you want me to believe?" I say it calm, sedate, and it only seems to piss her off more.

She takes a breath and holds it before bouncing to her left and gaping at me incredulously.

"Are we in Kansas again?" I shake my head. "Is that what this is about?" I can feel my blood pressure spike out of nowhere. I try to deny myself the right to an argument, but my emotions want to duke it out all the way back to her fictitious town.

"Forget it. You think I'm stupid." She tries to get up, and I gently pull her back. I wrap my arms around Laken until she molds into me, and her perfume swims around me in laps.

"I don't think you're stupid, Laken. I never said that. I would never even think it."

"You think I fell from a tree."

"You did."

"Look." She lets out a sigh. "I don't know what Coop told you or how you even found out I went over there." She lies back in the sand and looks up at me with her eyes wide, her lips slightly downturned. "I'm going to tell you something else, and I'm pretty sure you won't believe me."

"Try me." Because God knows I want to believe her more than I believe I'll take my next breath.

"Okay." She swallows hard, wiping the tears from her cheeks.

The moist slick reflects the moonlight and illuminates her features. Laken's beauty outshines the moon and the lake. She's a marvel that I plan on spending my entire life sketching. I dream of transposing her image to canvas in both oil and acrylic, charcoal and pastel. I'm hoping to surprise her with a stipple drawing of herself for Christmas. But I don't know if she'll want me around if I don't buy into her fairytale musings.

Laken gets up on her elbows and gives an exasperated sigh as if she's sorry she has to deal with me.

"You know who Hattie Tobias is, right?" She nods throwing me completely off track.

"What?" Did she just change the subject?

She averts her eyes as if she expected nothing less than ignorance on my part.

"She's my new roommate. She's been here for weeks." A half-moon dimple presses into her cheek as she glares at me with disappointment.

Funny-Hattie said that Laken hadn't slept in her dorm for weeks.

"Anyway"-she shakes her head-"I think there's something very wrong with her. Like in a not human kind of way."

My heart thumps. Laken was worried and didn't bring me her concerns.

"She's just weird," she continues. "I can't explain it. It's almost as if I just know." She sits up. "So I told Coop. He said he'd look into it as long as I collected some DNA, so I did." She glances down a moment. "When you left last night, I went downstairs to sleep with Jen and bumped into Coop. That's when I told him I had what he needed. He said his dad was home, and he could run the tests that night. I probably should have just let him take the samples, but Jen wasn't in her room, and I was freaked out about being in the basement alone, so I asked if I could go with him."

"So what were the test results?" I don't know if I'm playing along or genuinely inquiring. At this point it feels like both.

"His dad said it was more complicated than he thought, and he might not know for days."

I nod into her, waiting for her to finish. Laken didn't come home last night. I'll know she's lying if she says she did.

"I fell asleep at his house, Wes." She brings the sleeves of her jacket up over her mouth and sniffs away the tears. "I know you probably hate me." She shakes her head. "But I have to know if Hattie Tobias is something I should fear...if they sent her."

A chill runs through me. She still believes in "them." She's on a loop with her story, a hamster wheel of deception spun out from her own imagination, and she can't find her way off the contraption.

"You don't believe me." She closes her eyes in defeat. Laken lowers her head until her hair sweeps down over her features like a curtain. She wants to let me into her world, and I've put up my own shield of disbelief. And why the hell does Flanders believe her, anyway? Obviously to land her in his bed. I'm not going to call her out on the private blood draws. I'm not ready to go there yet.

"I believe you, Laken. I believe you were terrified of Hattie, for whatever reason. I believe that Coop told you he could help you get to the bottom of this. Have you done this before? Spent the night at Cooper's house?"

She shakes her head a little too aggressively.

"So you've been sleeping in the room with Hattie all along?"

"I've been with Jen." Her eyes dart over the water when she says it. "Wes, I swear I love you. I want our relationship. I want us." She takes up both my hands and shakes her head. "Please, Wes, really hear what I'm saying." Her voice trembles as she draws herself to her knees. "You are my everything." Laken pierces me with a primal intensity. "Let me in. Let me love you completely."

Our eyes lock as if we were enemies at a standstill.

"Do you believe you're Laken Stewart?"

A moment of silence slices by as deep as the ocean.

"Yes." She doesn't bother to deny it.

Shit. My eyes close involuntarily. What the hell am I supposed to do with that?

"Do you think you could still love me like this?" she whispers. "Broken?"

I pull her in and topple us down to the soft blanket, my face buried in her hair.

"I'll always love you, Laken. You can never change that. No matter what happens."

She finds my lips with hers, and I cave. I press in with a heated kiss that only moments before I was afraid we would never experience again. My body pulsates like one giant heartbeat as I massage my tongue over hers-I roam her mouth like it were its own universe that I'm greedy to explore. I want to believe everything Laken tells me-but I'm not sure I can.

Laken sighs as if she heard me.

And I'm sure she did.

8

Love is a Battlefield

Laken

After a mouthwatering session of kisses down at Charity Lake, Wes and I return to Austen House where he insists on walking me to Jen's haunted abode.

It would figure-right after I convinced him that I've been sleeping in Jen's room this whole time, he most likely wants proof. So much for having a trusting relationship, although, in Wesley's defense, it was me who lied.

We walk down into Austen's bowels, through a cinderblock hallway, before landing in the housemother's quarters.

How Jen can stand being holed up in this twisted lair is beyond me. I'm terrified being upstairs by myself where it's opulent and scented with designer perfume, and here she is in a hovel, with the smell of mold thick in the air.

I give a gentle knock. "Are you decent?"

"Since when do you care?" Her voice carries through the wood, muffled, as I step inside and find her brushing her teeth. The room is oversized and boxy with the walls painted the dull brown of a paper bag.

Here it is, the split second I have to convince her to help me. If ever Jen was going to be a true sister to me-this was when I needed her most.

"Jen?" I sharpen my gaze until she ceases her rather violent scouring session. Here it goes. I need to hone in on those sisterly vibes and make it clear that my ass is on the line. I widen my eyes, round as wall clocks, and clear my throat. My relationship with Wes might very well end within a thirty-second time span if she inadvertently rats me out. "I want you to look Wes in the eye and tell him where I've spent the night these past three weeks."

Jen holds out a finger. She spits in the sink and wipes her mouth with a towel.

"Austen House," she says, making her way to the bed. Her long flannel gown, with its delicate print of cornflowers, reminds me of something my mother would wear. "Ask me something a little more challenging next time."

Wes catches my gaze in the mirror. I can tell he's not satisfied.

"Let's just drop this, Laken." He presses a kiss against my cheek.

"No," I say. "Jen, where in Austen House have I been sleeping?"

Jen washes those pale eyes over me as if I've just done something heinous.

"Right here with me. We've slept toes to nose, and I'm ready to call HAZMAT over your lack of hygiene. Anything else?" She plucks a magazine from off the floor and leafs through the glossy pages.

Holy shit. I step away from Wes. I do believe Jenevieve Anderson just told her very first lie-and it was to protect me, her sister.

She scowls at us. "Would you guys mind holding off on the interrogation? I'm beyond exhausted. By the way, Wes, your brother is an ass in the truest form."

Add cursing to her shortlist of brand new personality traits she's developed this evening.

"I'd better go." Wes presses out a humble smile.

I walk him back to the dank hall, and the lights dim before coming up full strength again.

"It's like this whole place is haunted," I whisper. "Hey"-I bite my lip and look up at him with all of the faux curiosity I can muster-"where did you think I was this whole time? You didn't think I was secretly shacking up with Cooper or something?" I try to look aghast at the concept.

"I don't know what I thought." Wes lowers his gaze. He's so consummately gorgeous, my dark knight, my best friend, and here I am feeding him barefaced lies. "Grayson was filling my head with a bunch of bullshit, and I must have been in the mood because I was taking it in as fast as she gave it."

"Figures it was Grayson." I shake my head. "I can't wait until I graduate. Until we can move in together, until I can stop being your wife in spirit and take on the actual role." I run my finger down his chest. "I love you so much, Wes. I would never want to hurt you." I mean every single word.

Wes pulls me in tight and his chest pumps as if he's shedding silent tears.

"I would never want to hurt you either, Laken." He leans back and looks me right in the eye. "You're my everything. I never want to lose you. I want to share the whole world with you-I want to share a lifetime-forever."

I latch onto Wes, and we hold each other a very long time.

We're going to love each other forever.

I just hope we're together while doing so.

Once Wes takes off, I head back into the room with Jen to thank her for the spontaneous performance.

"I'm going to nominate you for an Oscar," I say, slipping beside her on the bed.

"What the hell was that about?" She sits up, looking genuinely concerned but far more pissed.

"Well..." I shrug. "I can't." My voice cracks. The damn is going to burst if I let it, so I just press my lips together.

"Oh, Laken." She scoots in and hitches a loose hair behind my ear. "You've been seeing Cooper again behind Wesley's back, haven't you?"

Just hearing Jen verbalize it makes it sound a million times worse than I thought it was.

"I'm vile. I'm filth," I whisper. It feels good to confess it. "I'm-garbage."

"No, sweetie!" Jen pulls me in and encapsulates me with a heartfelt embrace. I heave into her chest as tears dislodge that feel like they were years in the making. "You're human, that's all. Well, as human as we can get. You're confused. Cooper is nice, and good looking, and strong-and he's got great abs' for God's sake."

"You've seen his abs?" I pull back to examine her.

"Yes, he struts around the gym with his shirt off like he's allergic to cotton. He's kind of hard not to notice. And Wes"-she takes up my hand-"Wes is your stronghold. You've been secretly in love with him for as long as I can remember."

I glance down at the eyelet comforter. I'll be the last person to tell Jen that just about all her memories of me are fresh on the scene-a total work of fiction by some evil mastermind. Nor will I be informing her that I have another sister named Jen in some alternate reality even though, oddly, Dr. Flanders was able to prove that this one, right here, is genetically related to me.

"You have to follow your heart, Laken." She gives my hand a squeeze.

"And what if my heart doesn't know what it wants?"

"It will." She assures. Just like my heart knows it wants Blaine.

I groan inwardly at her silent proclamation.

Sometimes we don't know what's good for us.

Which one is good for me-Wes or Coop?

My heart says both. And I have a feeling, just like Jen, my heart is about to lead me down a path of total destruction.

The next day, in the desperate hours of the evening while Wes and I try to entertain ourselves in the library, I get a text from Coop.

Wes points to my phone spinning on the marble counter.

I'm so freaking stupid I left it out in plain sight, after I took off my jacket.

I boldly hold it out in front of the two of us as if I have nothing to hide. Even though Coop and me went through an entire litany of things that we need to do in order to protect our plan, cell phones and their myriad of uses were never even an afterthought.

Results are in.

Shit.

I glance up at Wes. "I guess it's time. We'll know if Hattie is a human or a Fem in just a few minutes."

I text him back. What is it?

Come over. I can pick you up.

Wes frowns as he peers at Coop's prompt reply.

"Can we go?" Maybe if I include Wes, I can win back his trust.

He looks around at the dead zone we're stuck in for the next few hours.

"I'll get one of the guys from the back to cover our shift." He pulls his cheek to the side and his dimple flexes. "Do you need to warn Coop that I'm coming?"

"Why would I need to warn him? Are you planning an assault?" I tease with more hostility than necessary. "I'll call Flynn and have him meet us there. He'll want to know this, too."

"Flynn?" His dark brows pitch with surprise.

"Yes, you don't think I've been running around alone with Coop this whole time do you? Flynn's been in on this since the beginning. Why do you think he's been so nice to her?"

Wes opens his mouth then closes it while looking over my shoulder.

I turn to find Hattie staring me down with her dead eyes, that soulless expression that says, I eat mortals for breakfast.

Wes gives my shoulder a gentle squeeze. "I'll get someone, so we can take off."

I wait until he moves to the back before texting Coop.

Got a ride. See you soon. I'd fill him in that I'm bringing company, but with my luck Wes will see my "warning."

I step over to Hattie. The gloves are off-I'm through with the niceties.

"What do you want?" I snip.

"Where's my friend?"

"Monsters like you have friends?" I hold back a laugh at the thought. I don't need some simple blood test to confirm what I already know is true. The Hattie Tobias that stands before me is no more human than a potted houseplant.

That sterile look in her eyes dissipates, and I swear she just flickered an emotion-pain.

"Flynn," she says his name and nothing else.

"I'm ready to roll." Wes wraps an arm around my waist, and we head out the door.

It's time to prove that Hattie the Fake is nothing but a lying Fem. And, once Wes sees I'm right about this, he'll see I'm right about everything else.

I hope.

Cooper

The wind blows the autumn leaves around the front yard, creating a red and orange tornado. The branches of the maple scrape against the window like an animal trying to claw its way inside.

An all too familiar Range Rover pulls into the driveway, and my blood turns to ice.

"Is Laken here?" Marky calls from the kitchen. She's been baking cookies for my "date," and now Laken brought someone entirely different to eat them with.

"Yeah, I think so." My stomach drops like a stone. I should brace Marky, coach her on what to say and what not to say-lock her in her bedroom-but Wes and Laken have already sprung up to the porch, and I open the door without bothering to wait for them to knock.

Wes huffs a quiet laugh at my overeagerness. I'm a fool if I think he's not onto us-that he doesn't have the upper hand like he does with everything else. And I hope to God, he doesn't have it with Laken.

"Come in," I say, holding the screen open for them.

"Smells like heaven," Wes chirps. "You bake those for me, cupcake?" He gives a playful wink in my direction, and the urge to sock him in the nuts goes up tenfold.

"Who's this?" Marky appears next to me with a spatula frozen midair. Her tiny brown eyes are already filling with grief.

Laken swallows hard. "This is Wesley." Her voice shakes. "He's my boyfriend, Marky. He's really nice."

Shit. She's pulling out all the stops.

I take Marky and spin her back in the direction of the kitchen.

"Hey, shortstop." I press a kiss over her head, walking her the hell away from Wes.

"What does she mean he's her boyfriend?" Marky's lips quiver with a resolute sadness as if all her sisterly dreams of Laken becoming a part of the family have been pulled from underneath her.

"Laken likes him, too," I whisper. No use in offering her false hope anymore than she's already been privy to. "But he's sort of an ass."

Marky looks past my shoulder at the two of them and shoots Wes the stink eye.

"He looks fake," she whispers. "I can already tell he's not as nice as you."

"Yeah, well, I'm one of a kind." I give her shoulder a squeeze as Marky and her fragile heart slink back into the kitchen.

"Rumor has it you have the results." Wes darts a suspicious glance around the room as if I've jammed the place with ninjas ready and willing to take him out once his guard is down.

"Results are in the office," I say it low, sad. Laken's right. I can't let my emotions or anybody else's, ruin her ability to get into the Celestra tunnels. Lives are at stake. And once we set them free, an entire river of truth will be unleashed, including whom Laken really wants to be with. Deep down inside I'm hoping I'm that person, but realistically I don't even know if she considers me a contender.

I lead us back and give a knock to the office door before the three of us step inside.

"Wesley." Dad gives a placid smile. He's got on his thick cable sweater, his oversized glasses that frame his face like cartoon outlines. "Nice to see you. Nice to see you, too, Laken. Please, take a seat."

I pull out a chair for Laken and Wes, before leaning against the wall.

"I don't know the results," I say, grazing Laken with a glance. "I wanted to find out with you-the both of you." I add that last part for the safekeeping of my balls.

"It's curious." Dad looks over the notes as if they were written in hieroglyphics.

"What's that?" I peer over his shoulder. I wouldn't mind speeding up the process, especially since I left Marky in cookie distress. Wesley is pretty much screwing things up all around.

"This girl, Hattie"-Dad glances up at me before reverting to Laken-"she's a purebred Celestra."

The room stills. Laken and I exchange a quick look.

"So..." Dad relaxes back in his chair. "No particular monsters here. Her DNA has all of the required human markings and then some. She's definitely one of us-a Nephilim through and through."

"I guess there's nothing to be afraid of." Laken sinks in her seat.

I know for a fact if Wes weren't in the room, this conversation would be a hell of a lot more animated.

"Nothing to be afraid of," Dad echoes.

"Not true," Wes counters. His jaw clenches as he takes us in. "Celestra is always the enemy." He turns to face Laken in full. "Did she threaten you? Do you think she was trying to hurt you?"

"No. I just thought she was creepy." Laken touches her hand to her chest. I have a feeling Wes is going to take this down a path I don't want him to.

"I'll dig in deep and find out everything I can about this Hattie girl," he says with a sense of bravado designed to make Laken feel all warm and fuzzy inside.

And there it is. Once Wes dives in and discovers two dead Tobias sisters with the same face, it'll make him wonder what the hell is going on like the rest of us.

"No, please don't." She's quick to stop him. "Flynn is doing that. In fact, when she came to the library tonight, she was looking for him."

"That's funny," I say mostly to myself. "He wasn't in class today or football practice. He hasn't missed a practice ever, not even the day after Casper went missing."

I pluck out my phone and stare at the bizarre text he sent last night.

H me

"He sent this while we were at the restaurant." I show the phone to the three of them.

"H me?" Laken looks perplexed.

"Help me." Dad nods up at me. "Sounds like your friend, Flynn, found himself in hot water."

Shit.

Laken looks up at me and swallows hard because she knows exactly what this means.

We need to find Flynn, like yesterday.

Wes hardens his glare in my direction. He's observed one too many secret glances between Laken and me. His body language alone clues me in on the fact I might be the next one to disappear.

Wes smirks. "He probably partied too hard and ended up in a different state entirely."

I give a sober nod at Wesley's almost plausible explanation.

More like another state of being.

"I wouldn't be too worried." Wes pats Laken on the knee. "He probably forgot what day it was. He's functioning on half a brain."

If the Spectators have anything to do with it-he won't have a brain at all.

Laken insists we conduct a manhunt in the woods that line Ephemeral, which I wouldn't have minded so much if she also hadn't insisted on dragging Wesley along with us. The fact it's near thirty degrees, and dark as hell didn't seem to detour her either. Laken is dead-set on regaining Wesley's trust. Not that I blame her. We have everything on the line if she loses it.

The woods snarl around us as the ground clouds hiss and swirl with our every step.

"Flynn had taken Hattie out here more than a couple times." Laken shoots me a look.

I know what she's thinking-we should keep all mention of our Spectator expeditions close to the vest. Wesley's orders were to kill them, not resurrect them one by miserable one.

"We should get Hattie." Wes turns toward Ephemeral without missing a beat.

"No," I say. "I doubt she had anything to do with this." Not only that, but I'm worried she might spout off about trying to find the Tobias clan and why. The less Wes knows, the better.

Laken steps over roots that sprout from the ground, thick as dinosaur tails. I wish it were just Laken and me-that it was Wes the Spectators ate for dinner last night and not Flynn. I shake my head at the thought. I don't really want Wes dead. I just want Laken. But she's in too deep. Her old life clouds her vision of this new reality, and I may never win her heart, God knows, Wes will never surrender his post.

We head deeper into the maze of the forest, and the path leading back to campus dissolves in a tangle of murky shadows. The cedars and pines interlock sharp as knives until it's almost impossible to move any further.

"We're going to get disoriented." Wes slips his arm around Laken's waist without thinking about it. The bastard doesn't even know how lucky he is to have her, to touch her so easily whenever the hell he feels the need. "Coop"-he nods over to me-"you thinking what I'm thinking?"

I was thinking it hours ago, but I don't call Wes out on being slow on the uptake. He probably thought the same thing, too.

"Yeah, man, I am."

"What?" Laken looks horrified. "You think they took him?" She draws her hands over her mouth. "You think he's dead don't you?" She closes her eyes, and an entire stream of white fog swirls from her mouth.

"It's not looking good," I say.

Laken steps away from the two of us and bows her head in sorrow.

I don't give a shit about Wes and his imaginary line in the sand. Instead, I go over and take up her hand.

"Everything happens for a reason, Laken," I say pulling her in. Get Wes out of here. I'll get Hattie and see what I can find. Flynn is a Count. He has a fighting chance if he's dead, remember?

"You're right," she whispers, glancing down at our interlocked fingers. What if they bit him? What then? Laken's silver eyes shimmer in this dull light.

I don't know. I shake my head just enough. There's always Ezrina.

She killed Pearl-twice.

She'll improve her method. I'm quick to point out. I can only hope it's true.

It had better be true. Laken turns back to Wes and gasps.

I twist around to find a large looming shadow standing directly behind him.

I recognize those long speared horns, that misshapen head, the body of a man, the face of an ox-Asterion.

Looks like Flynn might not be the only one in need of a resurrection in the very near future.

Wesley

The forest sizzles and snaps around me. A shadow lingers over my shoulder, thick and smothering as a blanket.

Laken seizes. Coop holds out a finger for me to stand still.

A weighted hand crashes over my shoulder, dirty with hair covering the back like an animal.

"Shit." I close my eyes a moment because I know what's coming, what's already here-a Fem, ready and willing to distribute an ass kicking. "Get Laken out of here." I say it low and careful so as not to incite the creature any sooner than necessary.

Coop keeps his eyes focused on whatever lies behind me. He picks up a stick from the ground and hands it to Laken without taking his eyes off the beast.

"Run." He roars it out as a command, but Laken doesn't move.

Coop swipes a knife from his pocket and holds it low against his thigh.

It's nice to know that neither of them listens to logic and reason when times get tough.

My legs kick out from underneath me. My torso is caught in the air before I ever have a chance to hit the ground. The world spins. I rise to the uppermost branches of the evergreens and look down to find a Minotaur just like the one standing proud in the middle of campus. He looks up at me with his fiery red eyes, his body gleaming like burnished bronze, his feet glow orange like molten steel.

"Fuck." It comes out with far more fear than I ever anticipated. I've never been a fan of Asterion. Truth be told, he's scared the shit out of me a time or two, and this just so happens to be one of them.

Coop backs up and tackles the beast by the legs, buckling it at the knees from behind, and I fly forward, catching myself on the skeletal branches of a birch. My face and arms get scratched to hell in the process.

I hit the ground with a thud, and the wind knocks out of me by way of my already cracked ribs. If I didn't know better, I'd think those damn Olivers paid the Fem to inflict a little extra damage.

"Shit," I seethe, trying to get my bearings as I struggle to my feet. "Laken?" I turn to find her a good distance away on the other side of Coop and the beast.

Cooper staggers from the creature only to have it reach out and yank him back like a ragdoll.

"Wes!" Laken screams in a panic.

Asterion snatches Coop by the ankle and swings him like a baseball bat against the fat trunk of a pine. Coop holds out both arms to deflect the blow, and something cracks, loud as a snapping branch.

Shit. I limp my way over.

It slams Coop down over the floor, and his head bounces like a melon.

Fuck. I watch in horror as Coop lets out a groan, his face bloodied along one side.

Just one more blow, and things could get fatal. My heart thumps as my feet nail themselves into the dirt. This could prove to be a lethal jaunt in the woods for Coop, and I wouldn't have to worry anymore about Laken. A wall of fog enwreathes me as my breathing becomes erratic.

"Wes, do something!" Laken howls it out over the expanse, and her voice echoes for miles.

My legs carry me to the towering menace, and I pause. Laken etches herself in my mind. The image of the two of them holding hands a few moments ago reverberates like a heartbeat.

"You f**king ass." Laken looks right at me before diving in low and taking out the creature's legs.

I run over to help and trip on a root, landing on my busted rib. The air expels from my lungs in one quick push. The world warps and bends as I try to get up without passing out.

The beast lands on the forest floor. All I see from this vantage point is the bottom of Laken's boot traveling in a half-circle as she lands a kick in the creature's nose. It bucks and grunts as she comes back down over the top of its head with her elbow.

Asterion rears its head and lets out a roar that mimics a freight train screeching to a halt. It tries to rise, but Laken proceeds with her assault and skewers it through the eye with the stick in her hand. She plunges the branch so far into its skull she piths the creature.

It staggers to its feet. It bucks and seizes like its about to explode before tipping forward.

"Coop!" Laken screams, dragging him out of the bullseye just as the beast flops down to earth.

"Good job," I whisper, limping my way over to where she's cradling Coop's head in her lap. She's rocking him, touching her hand to his forehead, telling him everything is going to be all right. And despite all the drama, the hostile aggression, a small shallow part of me still boils with jealousy.

Laken helps Coop to his feet and slings his arm around her shoulder. He's banged up as hell but still manages a painful smile.

Coop lets out a breath. "You okay, man?" He gives me a once over while fresh blood tunnels down from his temple.

"I'm fine." Just hurts like hell to breathe or move. "Let's get you to the hospital and get you checked out." I make my way over and try to lift his arm over my shoulder, but Laken moves him just out of reach.

"I've got him, Wes," she hisses. Laken needles me with a look that could saw my body in half with its laser precision.

The two of them hobble on ahead as I try to keep up.

Laken knows I hesitated.

The only thing worse than watching Cooper Flanders almost get killed was wanting it to happen on some level, waiting. And that's exactly what I did.

I doubt Laken will ever forgive me.

I watch as they carefully walk around the minefield of tree roots, Laken with her arm around his waist.

She saved him.

And now they're closer than ever.

By seven in the evening the entire school is overrun with every local authority, including two different news crews.

Laken and I huddle under a blanket while sitting on the steps in the foyer of Austen House. An ambulance took Coop away. You'd think Laken were going to self-destruct the way she insisted on going with him, but they wouldn't let her leave school grounds without a permission slip from her parents. Of course Jen called her uncle and he insisted on driving down.

"Jones should be here any minute." Jen shifts from one foot to another. "I don't like this." She shivers, warming her arms with her hands. "First Casper, now Flynn?" Her forehead wrinkles as she takes in the explosion of red and blue lights flashing outside the window.

"I'm sure he'll turn up," I offer weakly. Freaking Flynn.

"Wesley?" Kres bounds through the door in her tennis garb with a pink band in her hair twisted to the side. "Oh my God, I ran all the way here." She lunges at me, wrapping her arms around my neck.

Instinctively, I hold my breath until she lets go. My entire right side throbs with pain from the unwanted encounter.

"What happened?" Kres snaps while searing her hatred over Laken.

"Flynn happened," I say, trying to breathe in small increments.

"Flynn got lost in the forest." Laken's eyes glaze over as she glances out the window. She looks miserable-afraid, as if she were seeing wickedness spread over the forest like a plague. "He'll be back. They've just got to find him."

Kres postures herself in defiance. A crowd gathers as the girls pepper each other with questions concerning the ruckus brewing outside.

Kres scoffs into Laken. "Don't you think it's strange that as soon as you set foot on campus all sorts of weird shit starts to happen?"

"I don't know what you're talking about." Laken hangs her head in frustration as if maybe she does.

"Well, for one, you stole Wes."

Laken gags as she tries to get the words out to somehow refute this.

"Nobody stole anybody," I say it curt and expend all of my breathing capacity in the process.

"It doesn't surprise me at all that you'd make this about you." Laken closes her eyes a moment.

Kres scoffs. "No sooner do you room with Casper, and she takes off-now her brother's done the same?" She ticks her head back a notch while Grayson and Fallon come in on either side of her like a pair of bitter bookends.

Laken springs to her feet. I try to snatch her back, but my ribs suspend the effort. She stands toe to toe with Kres, and already I know this isn't going to end well.

"First, you are so naive to think I stole Wes from you." She jabs her finger in Kresley's chest. "Get it straight. He walked away, bitch."

Shit. I give a little laugh. Laken's feisty side makes me love her that much more.

"Second"-Laken continues, backing Kres slowly toward the exit-"I'm the only one around here who truly cares that Casper is missing, and I knew her all of five minutes. I'm guessing the same is true for Flynn."

"You make me want to vomit." Kres spits hard in her face, and Laken recoils pushing her hand in her eye.

It takes all of my strength to pull myself up by the railing.

"You think you're so innocent." Kres mocks. "I heard you're doing Coop on the side. You hear that, Wes?" Kres twists to look past her shoulder at me.

But I'm not interested in anything Kresley has to say. What I am interested in is the fact Laken is eying a cobalt vase that sits tall and heavy on the entry table.

She reaches over, and in one swift move hurls it at Kres.

Kres ducks like a ninja, and for once I'm thrilled to f**king pieces regarding her athletic abilities. That vase had felony assault written all over it.

The vase slams against the wall and shatters into a million blue shards just as the door opens to a rather surprised, and notably shaken, Jones.

Perfect.

I believe the last words I shared with him were, Laken is feeling much better now-followed up with, I've got everything under control.

There's no way I'm letting him in on the fact she's siphoning off Cooper Flanders' neck. And there's no way I'm telling him she singlehandedly slaughtered a Fem the size of a Mack truck while on the lookout for yet another one of her missing friends.

Nope.

Jones inspects the mess on the floor then shifts his focus to his niece.

I'm not going to have to lie and tell him that Laken is functioning at an optimal prime-not one memory out of place, not one emotional outburst.

I think he's seen enough evidence for himself.

Jen calls housekeeping to clean what she deemed the "glass apocalypse" and ushered all the girls into the common room to watch a movie, so no one gets a sliver lodged in their foot.

Jones follows Laken and me into the kitchen, away from the anxious bevy of girls, while Jen tries to subdue the masses.

"What keeps happening at this damn school?" Jones hisses at me as if I were personally responsible. His shoulders expand wide as a gate as he pants from the trauma of seeing the place lit up like a crime scene.

"We think our friend, Flynn, is lost," Laken offers.

His chest pumps dramatically. Jones wraps his arms around Laken and pulls her in, pecking the top of her head with a quiet kiss.

"Let's hope that's all it is." His deep voice rumbles over her. "You didn't go into those woods did you?"

Laken glances over at me. "Only a little. We tried to look for him. Then we came out and called the police."

"Damn it, Wes," he snaps. "How many times do I have to make it clear, you're to make sure she doesn't get anywhere near that damn forest."

Laken goes rigid in his arms. She frees herself and pants as if she were about to have a breakdown.

"Did you make Wes my keeper?" She breathes the words out as if the idea were reprehensible. "Did you tell him to watch over me like I'm some three-year-old?"

"No." He steps forward. "Laken, I only have your best interests at heart. I would never want you to get hurt. And your head-" His eyes widen as he takes in a gash I hadn't noticed myself until now. "You have a cut just above your brow." He turns to me, trying to mitigate his anger before it erupts all over the damn place.

"I'm fine." Laken takes a step back. "My head doesn't hurt at all. I just scraped it against a branch." She touches her forehead and looks into the black glass of the oven to inspect the damage. "If you don't mind, I'd really like a hot shower." She tenderly hugs her uncle goodbye.

Odd. Last time Jones was here, she expressed how repulsed she was having him show affection when she could hardly remember him. And now here she is wrapping her arms around him voluntarily, touching her cheek to his chest.

Jones closes his eyes a moment as if he were savoring it.

"I don't mind one bit. I'll touch base with you tomorrow and see how you're doing." He gently picks up her chin with his index finger. "Remember, I'm just a phone call away. Nothing can keep me away from my children."

Children? I guess it's true in a way. He's been there for Laken, Fletch, and Jen, more than their parents have.

"Got it." She hikes up on the balls of her feet and kisses him on the cheek before breezing out of the room. Laken doesn't bother with a wave or nod in my direction-just disappears from sight. Probably still ticked about the fact I almost escorted Flanders to the pearly gates myself.

I really f**ked up good this time.

The whole room drains of its energy when Laken takes off.

"What do you have to say for yourself?" Jones does his best to zero his skyrocketing hostility on yours truly.

"She does what she wants. She didn't get hurt. The cut must of come from a branch like she said."

Jones knots up my T-shirt and drives me back toward the fridge. I wince as he knocks me against the stainless steel surface-with my body already on fire.

"I told you once before-watch her like she was your wife. You don't let her out of your sight." He bears his weight over me as his breathing grows erratic. "The only reason I brought her here was because I knew you would lay your life down if she were in danger-and you let her go after that thing?" He slams me against the metal so hard, my head vibrates like a cymbal.

"Shit," I whisper as the walls blur around me.

"We had an arrangement. One more misstep and both you and your father are going to pay a visit to the Justice Alliance." He drops me to the floor like a sack of shit on fire as he storms out the room. "You're losing her, Wes. Do whatever it takes to win her back. You owe it to me, kid. You owe it to Laken. I rearranged the world so you could be together."

What the heck is he talking about? I haven't talked to my father in months. And why the hell is he threatening us with the Justice Alliance?

He's f**king on something.

I find his words far more disturbing than the odd wrestling moves he chose to employ.

I rearranged the world so you could be together.

It echoes through my mind like a gunshot.

9

All Hallows Evil

Laken

Once I hit my old room, I'm more than a little thankful there's no sign of Hattie Tobias. The results have me completely confused. And, God knows, I've no intention to speak to Jones or Wes again tonight. It took all of my non-acting skills to pretend to cozy up with my creepy uncle even if he does come off as a sweet paternal figure on occasion. Speaking of paternal, what was with that, my children crack? Either he's gone off script or is experiencing an early bout of dementia-to be honest, I really don't care.

A soft whimper vibrates through the air.

My hair stands on end, my skin enlivens with a shrill panic.

I brace myself, in the event the haunted Tobias circus is about to pop into town. I only have a few more days to find the rest of their demonic clan before their offer to get us into the tunnels is null and void.

I pluck the phone from my pocket and send a text to Coop.

R U OK? I'm so sorry I didn't go with you! If Wes weren't there, I would have fought my way into that ambulance.

He texts back. Already home. Just a few stitches. Marky says hello. She wishes you were here.

I wish I were there, too.

A sniffling sound emits from the closet.

Do mice sniffle? I seriously doubt Ephemeral has an infestation, or at least not a common blight of the vermin variety.

I make my way over, soft-footed, and pull back the door. The light pours in revealing Hattie the Human curled in a fetal position bawling her hollow eyes out.

"Hey," I say it sweetly, heading in and plucking her to her feet. I lead Hattie to her bed and offer a box of tissues.

Now that I know she's only slightly mutated in nature, I'm far less afraid of her.

"What's going on?" I rub my hand over her back and startle when I realize I can trace out every vertebra running up her spine.

"Flynn is gone." Her large eyes spray out in a network of crimson veins. "I'm going to get in trouble." Her lower lip trembles as if she were shivering. I hadn't noticed how beautiful Hattie was until now with her full lips, her high cut cheeks with a natural rosy glow.

She brings her hands to her nose, and I can't help but note her alarmingly frail limbs. I hadn't noticed her thin frame before. She's been bundled in layers of sweaters and coats since she's arrived.

"Why would you get in trouble?" I want to add, and why are you so damn thin but let it go for now. Amber Garrett, my best friend back in Cider Plains was skinny as a rail, with no butt or boobs on the hormonal horizon. She could eat a box of donuts during every meal and have nothing to show for it. So I decide to take it in stride for now.

She swallows hard and shakes her head as if she's said too much already.

A mean shudder races through me, and this time it's all for Flynn.

"When was the last time you saw him?" I ask, carefully slipping my hand over the exposed flesh of her arm, playing it off as if I were still trying to comfort her.

She squints into me and slides a good foot away.

She knows-she's a Celestra after all.

"He said he found them and that he would bring me roses."

"Flynn found your family?" I'm not sure how much of this I believe. She's still not the Hattie Tobias I thought she was.

She nods. "He kissed me." Her fingers tremble over her lips as if reliving the memory.

Stupid, stupid Flynn. I knew I should have kept a sexual leash on him. Who knew he was into Fems? Or at least that's what we believed she was at the time.

"Hattie..." I swallow hard. "I know who you are." I say it as a fact.

"You do?" Her brows pitch.

I so caught her. She's not even trying to deny it.

"Yes. I had your DNA tested. I know damn well you're a full-blooded Celestra." I want to know more-everything, but I leave that part out.

Her face loses its affect. All of the fear and worry dissipate, and she lets out an eerie looking grimace.

"Look." She points to her ridiculous expression. "I'm practicing." She lets out a congested laugh.

"Practicing what?" I reach for my phone in the event I need to bullet out of here.

"Smiling." She dulls out again. "Flynn taught me all sorts of things. I can wrap my arms around you for a very long time, but Flynn said not to do that to other people. He asked me to save all my hugs for him."

"Hattie?" I scoot back on the bed as a morbid realization sets in. Her skinny body, her flat personality-she does remind me of the Tobias sisters. In fact, she sort of reminds me of how they looked in captivity. "Where are you from? Where did you live before you came to Ephemeral?"

"In the tower." She says it plain as water, as if she hadn't just made a reference to some medieval form of captivity.

"Was the tower in Trinity County?" Somehow I think the process of elimination is necessary.

She gazes off with a lost expression-her eyes, blank as a doll.

"I don't know," she whispers. "I only knew homely rooms, food once a day. But in this world..." she shakes her head. "Everything imaginable is at your disposal." It escapes her lips with breathless wonder. "And you have no pain." She touches her chest just shy of her neck.

"Oh my, God." I heave the words out as if I had just stumbled upon a map to the den of terror itself. "Do you know how to get back there? To the tower?"

"I won't go. Please don't let them take me."

"Who are they?"

Her entire body seizes, her eyes widen as if she said too much already.

"I'm very tired, Laken." She crawls under the covers and cocoons herself against the wall. "Please, turn off the light."

"Sure," it bleeds from me almost inaudible.

My heart beats erratic as my entire body breaks out in an ice cold sweat. I have a feeling whoever they are, is far more important than I think. After all, they went through the trouble of extracting a Celestra fresh from the tunnels and depositing her directly into my room.

But why in God's name?

Why?

Whatever the answer is, I'm sure I won't like it.

The morning of Halloween, Hattie and I stroll down to the dining hall together. I've taken her under my wing these past few days for many reasons but the first is to build a friendship, and it hasn't been hard at all because she's so darn sweet.

Jen is seated all by her lonesome, texting away as if her life depended on it, but I bypass her and head over to Carter and Fallon.

"If we went to a normal school"-Fallon takes a bite of her apple-"they'd let us wear whatever the hell we wanted today."

"Ephemeral is anything but normal," I say it low in the event someone gets slayed by a serious bout of school spirit and decides to rip me a new one. In fact, if you want to get technical, it's all Halloween, all the time." I blink a smile over at Hattie. We had a long talk about Halloween and how freaky it can, and undoubtedly will, be. She promised not to rat me out to her "elders" if I promised to show her a good time like Flynn was busy doing before he turned into a Spectator snack-God, I hope that's not true.

"So"-I lean in-"what's on tap for tonight? Freaky, slutty, or both?"

Carter sits up. "I'm going to be Cleopatra, and Fletch is going to be Marc Antony." She leans in and laughs as though it were absurd.

It's totally absurd considering the Fletch I know and love would rather jab his eye out with a kitchen knife than don any ridiculous costume-let alone a theme costume that might require a toga and sandals on his part.

"I'm a witch." Fallon cuts me a dirty look like maybe she really is, so I don't push her on the subject. I know for a fact she's a "Treasure" which qualifies you as a Count by proxy, so all other spiritual misgivings are more or less unimportant to me at the moment.

"How about you guys?" Carter plucks at her long curls while trying to detangle a knot with her fingers.

"We're going to be cheerleaders." Hattie informs them. She's got a bad habit of over annunciating her words, which I'm trying to break her of. It just doesn't sound natural. Everything sounds forced as if she's a robot, reading from a script.

"That's lame." Fallon nods casually as if it weren't meant as a dig at all. "I mean Laken is a cheerleader, so it's not that far a stretch."

"They're probably adding blood and shit," Carter interjects with her gruesome defense. "You know, like a cheerleader who just got run over." She nods into her grizzly line of thinking.

"No." Hattie objects to Carter's macabre rendition of our not so haunted couture. "We're going to be pretty. I'm going to wear my hair in pigtails and wear red lipstick and everything. But I won't wear a bra. I don't like them. I don't like underwear either."

Crap. It's spontaneous admissions like these that are going to land her a bed in the Flanders home for the undergarment challenged where I'm sure they have a "no bra, no underwear required" policy.

Fallon and Carter watch her in stunned silence before breaking out in a fit of hysterics.

"Did I say something funny?" Hattie asks, alarmed by their reaction.

Before I can answer, a dark presence-otherwise known as Kresley and Grayson appears. They choke us out with their thick scented perfumes, honey and spice and everything not nice. I swear they create their own brand of mustard gas, simply by standing in the same room.

"What's got everyone in stitches?" Kres juts her neck out like a chicken.

"We were just talking about tonight." Carter dabs the tears from the corner of her eyes. "What we are and aren't wearing."

"Oh?" Kres leans in as if she were about to lacerate me and was debating where to start first. Her dark hair gleams as it swoops neatly down the side of her face. Her eyes percolate as if a storm were brewing in each one. "It looks like one of you is in costume already," she purrs. "You're a slut, right, Laken?"

"I thought she was the village idiot." Grayson spears me with her impotent remark.

I find it ironic that both Kres and Grayson accused me of being the very things they are-morons.

"Or maybe she's both?" Kres and Grayson break out in cackles, proud of their standard-issue insults. Although I'll have to give them credit, their two combined brain cells did have the ability to flush out bargain-basement mockery-whereas my superior intellect, albeit slow, failed to report for duty in the comeback department. Per usual.

Nevertheless, they can go screw themselves and they might just have to because I successfully managed to highjack both their boyfriends.

Ha! That's the comeback! I can totally feel the inter-synaptic high-fives taking place in my brain.

They scuttle off as both Fallon and Carter offer me a silent condolence.

"Why do you let them talk to you that way?" Hattie shoots them a look that spells out die bitches more than words could ever do.

"Don't listen to them." Carter jumps in. "Just because you're into two guys doesn't make you a slut, and we don't even live in a village."

My mouth gapes open and I just stare at her a moment. It's becoming, more and more, obvious each day why Carter would be a perfect life-mate for Fletch.

"You're right," I say, glancing over at Kres as she shoots me the middle finger. "Although it doesn't change the fact I wish they'd both disappear from the planet. I swear, it would be doing all of humanity a favor."

Hattie settles her black eyes over the two of them and gives a silent nod.

"All of humanity," she whispers.

Cooper

Before I met Laken, I don't ever remember being so punctual to class. She's reverted me from an impressive tardy streak to the owner of a nearly perfect attendance record. Hell, I'd do both my homework and hers-write every report for her for the rest of her scholastic career if she wanted me to. I'd rewrite the history of the world in a monolithic manifesto if it pleased her.

The bell drills through the hum of voices and still no Laken. Edinger strides into the room, and for a moment my stomach seizes at the thought of Laken being a no-show, but she breezes in on his heels with Hattie, her newfound appendage, in tow.

Hattie takes her seat safely tucked across the room, which affords Laken and me a tiny window to communicate. Ever since the sleepovers ended, it's been touch and go. Laken's worried to say too much through texts or even over the phone, so this is it.

Laken wraps her ankle over mine. I've resorted to wearing socks that barely crest the top of my sneakers allowing for some skin on skin.

I lie my backpack down, and she does the same, creating a barrier for our intimate display.

Anything new? I ask, drinking down her warm skin against mine. Laken feels like heaven. I'd pay in limbs to have her lay over me with that body.

Hattie is psyched about tonight. She rubs her leg over mine in one long stroke that makes me sit up and take a deep breath. And exactly what limbs are you willing to give up? She teases.

I turn my head just slightly. Every single one.

She gives a little laugh. I would hate to see you sacrifice on such a permanent level. How about you save that rock hard body, and we see what happens after we get our families back. It comes from her soft-almost embarrassed she even went there.

The only thing I want after we get our families back is to see you happy-however that may be. I swallow hard, trying to put up a mental barrier long enough to wonder if what I just said was the truth. What about you? I ask, getting the conversation back on track. Are you psyched about tonight? Tonight is the night of Wesley's big surprise. Laken seems to think they're going all the way-as in the tunnels.

Yes, I'm excited. I'm thrilled to think I might see my sister and my mom-maybe yours, too. Anything's possible, right?

I don't doubt it. A horrible feeling comes over me at the thought of Wes taking her down to that den of horror. I'd do anything to go with you-to protect you from it all.

I know you would, Coop. She rides her bare foot up my pant leg, and I electrify from her touch. Don't worry. I can handle whatever's down there. I kicked Asterion's ass remember? And we're going to kick the Counts' asses, too. We're a team Coop-you and me.

Makes me wonder where Wes fits in all this.

"Isn't that right, Mr. Flanders?" Edinger's voice comes through in perfect clarity, and I expand my chest as if I've been paying attention the entire time.

"Yeah, that's right," I say, trying to save face.

A round of titters circles the room.

Edinger gives a mock bow. "So you agree that the government would be better off if it were run by one drunken farmer rather than a band of power hungry pigs."

Shit.

"Right, I mean no. I don't know which one would work best. I guess it would be like choosing the lesser of two evils."

Laken warms my ankle once again. What are you wearing tonight?

What would you like me to wear? If she says "nothing," I might be tempted to comply.

I heard that, and you know it.

"The lesser of two evils?" Edinger nods into my conclusion. "Indeed. Sometimes, Mr. Flanders, there is no other way."

I'm going to be a cheerleader. She goes on. Original, right? Maybe you should be a football player, and we could have secret themed costumes like Marc Antony and Cleopatra.

I like the idea of having a secret with Laken-something private just between the two of us. Sort of like my bed was for a while.

By the way, my mattress misses you, I say. And, yeah, I'll be your football player.

Wes can be the ball. I'll be sure to throw him into the bushes and lose him. Maybe Asterion can wake up and find him.

Cool it, Flanders. Wes happens to be the only portal we have to help our families. Besides, the longer we screw around with getting me inside those tunnels, the longer I'll be away from your mattress. She rakes her leg over mine like a firebrand before disconnecting.

The idea of Laken wanting to be on my mattress sets my entire body blazing with heat.

Edinger drones on for the next hour regarding power and the common man, how dangerous it is when it falls in the wrong hands-but I keep reverting back to my mattress, and Laken lying over it with nothing but a smile. Laken already has all the power she needs over me, and I can't wait until she uses-abuses it.

The bell rings, and we rise trying to shake off the mind-numbing boredom we were just subjected to. Laken stretches her limbs as if she had hibernated for years.

"You coming to the party tonight?" She bites her lip, still blushing from the memory of my bed-or at least I hope.

"I don't know. It's at Henderson, right? About ten?"

"Yes." Laken presses her lips together until they're paper white. "Please come. I'm terrified of wherever the hell he's taking me, and I'll feel better just knowing I can see you before and after."

"I'm taking Marky trick-or-treating." I strum my fingers along the desk. Marky begged me to ask her to come with us. Marky said she'd die if Laken didn't help her get ready tonight, but I can't stand the thought of sucking Laken into my family if she doesn't want to be there.

"And you think you're doing this without me?" Her mouth opens, and her pink tongue glistens in the light. It makes me want to cover her lips with mine and dive into that precious window.

"Marky was hoping you'd say that." My entire body sags with relief.

"And what about you?" She takes a step in until our shoulders touch. Her lids hang low and seductive. Laken has the hottest damn bedroom eyes I have ever seen. "Were you hoping I'd say that? Do you want me there, Coop?"

Her breath rakes against my chin, hot and searing like a nuclear blast.

"I want you with me every second of the day, Laken. And then that will never be enough."

A loud bang emits from the front as Edinger slaps a stack of papers over his desk.

"Pardon me," he growls with a manufactured grin. "May I speak with you alone a moment, Mr. Flanders?"

Laken makes a face before turning to me. "I'll be at your truck right after practice." She takes off and leaves the two of us in the room alone.

"What's up?" I make my way over to the demonic Fem donning his human costume.

He steps forward with his malevolent grin, his larger than life darkness-an evil you can feel, straight to the bone.

"My dear, Mr. Flanders." His features sharpen. His brows dip into a dramatic V. "I have a serious proposition for you."

Shit. If he asks me to indulge in janitorial services in exchange for class credit, I'll vomit on his shoes. I'm sick of being treated like an underling just because it's a known fact I'm broke and live off campus. Although, if there were a cash exchange, and the price were right, I might accept. I want to buy Laken something nice for Christmas, and the way finances drip through my fingers, I'd better start saving my pennies.

His features blur, they morph into another face entirely, my football coach, then Mr. Stevens who runs the gym, Ms. Paxton.

Fuck. I jump back as his size nearly doubles. Edinger swells into the all-familiar bronze statue of Asterion and bellows out a roar before his flesh and body restore to their original size. Then, to my ultimate disappointment, his face magically morphs back into the most hideous creature of all-himself.

My heart thumps through my ears as I try to get a grip.

"You're a Fem-big f**king whoop." I try not to let on that I'm impressed as hell by what just happened.

"I figured you knew." He gives a quick wink. "I showed you these things for a reason."

"You need help deciding which entity to be tonight?" If only. I'm pretty sure his sinister intent is going to haunt me long after Halloween.

"No, Mr. Flanders." He takes a slow step in my direction. "It's my help I'm offering to you-for a price, of course."

"Of course."

"My yoke is easy, my burden is light." He gleams as if he were about to offer me the world. "I need you to be a permanent obstruction between Wesley and Laken."

A solid minute beats by, and I forget to breathe.

"Excuse me?" How the hell does this benefit him?

"If you succeed in maneuvering Laken from Wesley"-he connects the tips of his fingers as he reveals the underpinnings of his scheme-"you win a supervising spirit for life." His smile widens, and I think I know who the supervising spirit is. "If Laken chooses Wesley, then you'll spend the rest of your days in the tunnels."

"No thanks." I start to walk away. I'm sure I'll analyze this conversation to the hilt until the day I die.

"You'll change your mind," he says as I stride right out the door. "And I'll be right here, waiting. Oh, and Mr. Flanders?"

I stop midflight but refuse him the honor of turning around.

"You'd be remise to mention this to another living soul."

That part, I already knew.

Dark clouds roll in overhead like mildew-ridden barrels.

"It'll be a miracle if doesn't rain," I say as Laken carefully paints whiskers on Marky's pale face. She's already dusted her with powder and glitter. Marky drips from head to foot with enough sparkles to make a supernova jealous, but she's not going as a terrestrial sphere-tonight she's a common housecat.

"Don't you curse us, Flanders," Laken says, drawing in the last line across my sister's cheek. She's got her cheer uniform on, her hair up in a high ponytail with a bright red bow. She's so f**king hot, I feel the need to grab the fire hydrant from the kitchen in the event she spontaneously combusts.

It's nice having Laken in the house. It's more than just the estrogen level rising that makes it feel like a genuine home, it's Laken herself. When she leaves, the entire house feels hollow. She has the power to shift the family dynamics without even trying.

"Yeah, Flanders." Marky rolls her eyes. She'll take Laken's side over mine, ten times out of ten, and I secretly love it. "I've got six blocks to cover." She holds out her hands. "How do I look?" she asks, spinning in her black spandex suit and striped pin on tail.

"Puuurfect." Laken lets out a bubbling laugh. "But you need these." She plucks a headband, with a pair of ears, off the counter and attaches it to Marky's head. "There," she says carefully letting go. "I think we're ready!"

Laken bends over to pick up her pom poms off the floor, and I catch a glimpse of the kick pants under her skirt.

"You're such a perv!" Marky smacks me in the stomach before picking up my phone.

"What?" I tease as Laken shoots me a playful look. "I was making sure you didn't fall."

"Oh," she balks, shoving a pom pom in my face. "Supervising me from behind?"

"Exactly," I say, circling an arm around her waist like it were the most natural thing in the world, and I wish it were.

"Smile!" Marky holds up my phone and takes a picture. "Oh, come on. You look like you're afraid of each other. Pretend like you're madly in love-kiss her or something you goof-nothing gross, or I'll puke."

Laken hikes her leg in the air and puckers up, so I give her a quick peck on the lips. I'll be the last fool on earth to turn down a kiss from Laken Stewart.

"Thanks guys." Marky's fingers go into speed dial mode and jangle my nerves.

"What are you doing?" I snatch the phone back in the event she decides to get creative.

"Emailed it to myself." She snatches her pillowcase off the table and makes a run for the door.

"Let's see it." Laken gets in close as she inspects my phone. Her perfume twirls through the air like an acrobat, and it takes everything in me not to replicate that kiss with a real one-with a deeper, more meaningful exchange.

"Here." The image pops back on the screen, and I hold it between us.

"Gosh"-she over exaggerates-"we're sure cute together." She winks as she tugs me toward the door.

I think so too, only I'm dead serious.

A low rumble of thunder greets us as we start down the sidewalk. Marky runs next door to collect her buddy from school, and they scoot on ahead, trotting from house to house while Laken and I lag behind.

"You look really scary by the way," Laken says as her hand rubs up against mine, and we interlace fingers. I'm in my football jersey and Levis. That's about as much effort as I'm willing to put into the occasion.

"Boo." It comes out dull. Mostly because my mind keeps drifting to what might happen later tonight.

"Hey, Coop?"

"What's that?"

A crowd of expertly costumed children stream past us on either side.

"You don't think this is some kind of trap Wes is pulling me into, and I'll be an altar sacrifice by midnight, do you?"

A dull laugh rattles through me. "Nope. Knowing Wes this is just another way to bring the two of you closer-emotionally and physically."

"You're probably right."

An entire chorus of playful screams expel in the distance, and the two of us pause as Marky runs toward a haunted maze set up at the end of the street.

"I wish there were some way you could come with me." She blows it out while looking down at her tennis shoes.

Laken comes in close and lays her head over my chest. I can feel her heart rioting through her sweater-fear emanates from her like a toxin. She looks up at me with those watery steel eyes, her lips drawn in a brilliant shade of red.

"How do you think Wes is getting in there?" She brings her hand to her neck as the cloud of fear intensifies around her. "It seems so protected. You don't think just any Count can wander in, do you?"

"I'm betting he's got a supervising spirit on payroll." Everything in me freezes at the thought.

"You okay?" Laken gives me a playful jostle.

"Yeah." I come to, stupefied by what I just realized. "You know, we're going to be late to Henderson if Marky doesn't speed things up." I try to block all thoughts of Edinger out of my mind.

I call out to Marky and lead us on the world's most manic trick-or-treating session.

Laken is going to the Celestra tunnels tonight.

And so am I.

Wesley

The common room in Henderson Hall pulsates with strobe lights set to the rhythm of bongo drums, shredding.

I turn up the lights just enough so people don't injure themselves when they try to hurdle all the decorative crap Jen and Blaine trashed the place with.

He's standing alone, nursing a red plastic cup filled with rocket fuel, so I go on over.

"I can't get two feet without a cobweb smacking me in the face." I shoulder up to my brother and observe the costumes on parade that filter through the place.

"You're welcome." He deadpans. "What are you supposed to be?"

"I'm you." I glance down at the matching jeans and flannels we're both sporting.

"You're smarter than you look." He knocks back his drink. "Kresley's been asking about you. Rumor has it she's looking to bag a Paxton tonight."

"Have at her."

"Nope. If I'm lucky, I'll be doing someone else entirely." He nods across the room at Jen who's dressed like an overgrown fairy. She's one big ball of pink-looks like a birthday cake exploded.

"Good luck with that. You see Laken around?" I've already scoured the place twice. Carter said she had to run a quick errand, and judging by the lack of Flanders in the vicinity, I think I know who that errand entails.

"Nope. You two fight or something?"

"Or something." I let out a breath. "She'll show. I'm taking her somewhere special later. It's going to bring us closer than ever."

"Dude." Blaine socks me in the arm. "That's what I'm talking about. Don't be a doofus like your brother. Make sure you let her know she's special, or she'll find someone else to make her feel that way. And don't go messing with Kresley either. Turns out girls aren't so hot on cheats. Jen's words, not mine."

"Sounds good bro." I slap him on the back as he heads in Jen's direction.

Fletch nods and pops up beside me. Entrails hang out of his jeans, and his shirt has the imprint of a tire slashed across it.

"Looking good, man," I say as he staggers a moment.

"Yeah, Carter wanted me to dress up like some kook, but I opted for something cool. Themed costumes are just one step away from the altar, if you know what I mean."

"Nice." I give a little laugh. Fletch is a kook either way. And for a moment I try to remember if Laken mentioned anything about themed costumes.

"You're never going to believe what just happened." The thick scent of alcohol washes over me as he sloshes out the words.

"Shit. You're tanked, and it's not even eight-thirty." I step back, trying to catch a decent breath.

"Who the hell cares?" He slaps my stomach with a show of inebriated enthusiasm. "I was walking down the hall, and freaking Grayson put out an invitation."

"To what? Sleep it off?"

"Dude." His pale eyes bulge the exact same hue as Laken's and I miss her. "She pointed to the bathroom and said she had a craving-told me to meet her in five minutes."

"Five minutes?" Fifty bucks says he misunderstood the entire conversation. She probably said the bathroom would be free in five minutes. Or, I'll give you five minutes to get the hell away from me before I get the authorities involved.

I brush him off while inspecting the entrance for either Laken or Coop. Something tells me they'll be making an appearance around the same time.

"Nah." Fletch shakes his head in a circular motion. "Kres dragged her off to finish up some shit out back-said they're pulling out all the stops tonight." He grips my arm as Grayson appears in the hall. "There she is. I gotta blow." He pauses a second. "Or she does!" He takes off down the hall like he's about to get laid, and, according to Fletch, that would be the plan. Freaking Grayson. Why can't she keep her sights on Flanders? Unless, of course, she tried, and he's too wrapped up in my girlfriend to notice.

I crane my neck in time to spot Grayson yanking Fletch into the bathroom. So much for wedding bells where she and Coop are concerned. Should have figured it was all an act-on Coop's part anyway.

Speaking of Coop. Flanders strolls into Henderson with his football uniform on, and, swear to God, half the girls just let out an audible sigh. Looks like Grayson missed her mark by minutes. But then again, I think both Grayson and I know Coop isn't up for quick and dirty bathroom sex tonight-at least not with her anyway.

Coop spots me and makes a beeline in my direction. Probably wants to know where his favorite cheerleader is.

"What's up?" I say, trying to maintain my focus on the growing crowd.

"Not much. Just finished taking my sister around the block. I miss anything?" He pans the room along with me.

"Nope. You see Laken tonight?" I look him right in the eye. I've known Coop too long for him to start lying to my face. At least have the balls to admit you've seen her.

"I just ran into Hattie. She mentioned Laken was about to help her get dressed."

I bite down on the inside of my lip.

Plausible, I suppose. "Laken seems fine with her now that she knows she's one of us." I nod. "Hey"-I soften into him-"next time I'd really appreciate it if you clued me in on things like that. Laken's had a rough time since her accident, and she's been a little skittish. I know she said she didn't want to worry me-that she mentioned it to you because you have a class with that girl, but still, next time be upfront with me. I wasn't kidding when I said I didn't want there to be weirdness between us. And I know Laken appreciates your friendship-so do I."

Who knew I could sling the bull with the best of them? If Flanders thinks his bloodlines are going to yield him the advantage, he's got another thing coming. Once I take Laken into the tunnels tonight, she'll see she doesn't need Coop or his magical plasma. And then maybe I can get her to confess how the f**k he convinced her to take it in the first place. Probably some bullshit about how she really might be from Kansas, and his arteries just so happen to be the portal back. Some guys will say anything to get laid.

My lips twist at the thought of him laying a hand on her. For Flanders' sake he'd better not have.

Coop examines his phone for a minute.

"I need to get going." Coop expands his chest as wide as a wall. "Lost my house keys this morning. Had to climb to the second floor just to get in. Edinger just sent out a mass email saying he found a set in his room." He holds the phone up. "I'd better find the bastard before someone else claims them."

"Cool. Enjoy your night." I give him a knuckle bump before he splits. "Laken and I are taking off-having a little private party all our own." I toss it out there to see if he reacts.

"Sounds good." He nods without flinching. "Sounds like someone's gonna score." He says it with far too much exuberance, as if he's mocking me. "See you when I see you."

I watch as Cooper Flanders speeds out the exit like a man on a mission. And God knows if the mission involves Demetri Edinger, he's up to no f**king good.

Laken strolls into the room with Hattie Tobias by her side, and she's clinging to Laken like she's never seen a Halloween costume before.

The two of them migrate their way over, dressed like-well, cheerleaders with bright red lipstick, their hair pulled up in ponytails with matching bows.

"Hey, good looking!" Laken plants a heated kiss over my lips and renews my confidence in us with one swipe of her tongue. For some reason when Coop mentioned he took his little sister trick-or-treating, I envisioned Laken right there with him.

Her eyes widen as we pull away.

Shit. I'm not used to someone reading my mind.

"So...Hattie," she starts off slow, "it looks like Fallon and Carter are right over there." She points to the fireplace where Carter looks like a whorish version of Cleopatra. And I bet Marc Antony is just finishing up with the temple prostitute-although he ditched the themed costume.

My heart sinks like a stone as I take Laken in as the cheerleader. I wonder if she knew Coop would show up like the god of the football field.

"Be careful," Hattie pleads. She pulls Laken into an awkward hug for a very long time. I'm just about ready to break up the party when Laken pushes her off in their direction.

"She's kind of weird, don't you think?" Laken clasps onto my shoulder.

"Most Celestra are. Way too much inbreeding going on in that faction." I wrap an arm around her waist and pull her in tight. "You ready to blow this joint?" I slip my hand under her sweater and make a loop over her skin with my fingertips. Laken shivers and for a brief second I think she's recoiling from my touch.

"I thought you'd never ask." It speeds from her as she steadies her eyes over mine. I pull my hand from her sweater and lay it over her shoulder where she can't listen in. There's a touch of distrust emanating from her, just the hint of sarcasm in her tone, and it guts me like an emotional kick in the balls.

We make our way to the exit and head out. The cool dew of evening baptizes us with its condensation as the noise from inside quickly dissipates.

There's no way I'm filling her in on the fact I know she's been siphoning off Flanders. For whatever reason they've decided to keep hush hush, and I don't see the point of outing them just yet-if ever.

Nope. My strategy to win Laken back for good is quite the opposite. Stay one step ahead of the enemy and draw Laken closer to me by opening up my entire world to her.

I take her up by the hands and kiss them in tandem.

"Are you ready for a night you'll never forget?"

"Are you ready for a night you'll never forget?" She twists in her shoes as if she were making an offer. "I might have a little surprise cooked up for us later myself." She licks her lips like a promise and my dick perks to life.

My hands slip over her sweater safe from the confines of her eavesdropping mind.

"I'm looking forward to every single moment this night has to offer." I pull her in and hold her for a good long while.

It sounds like Laken is ready and willing to take this relationship to a whole new level.

I should be over the freaking moon, but something has me rattled.

I press a quick kiss into her neck.

Screw it. I'm game for whatever it is that Laken wants to give me.

Hell, I'll encourage it-beg for it if I have to.

I take her by the hand and lead her toward the bloody brick road.

"Off to see the wizard." Laken chimes without missing a beat.

"Something like that."

And the wizard's name just so happens to be, Skyla Messenger.

10

Tenebrous Terror

Laken

A darkness you could feel, solid to the touch, surrounds Wes and me as we make our way further from Henderson Hall on this, the unholiest night of the year.

Wes leads me past the dumpsters, down the rolling lawn and behind a circle of evergreens that stake themselves in the center of a clearing, proud and erect, as if they were the overseers of Ephemeral.

He pulls me between three trunks with soft, coconut-like husks and holds me. He runs his hands over my back, warming me the way old Wes knew to do. If I close my eyes and numb my heart he could still be the same boy I once cherished, the one who put his seal over me with that first simple kiss.

"Is this where you wanted to take me?" My body shakes, my heart flutters like a kite lost in the wind-ready to crash and burn and take me along for the ride.

"Not quite." Wes presses his lips together, and his dimples dig in deeper than I've ever seen before. My stomach squeezes tight at the sight of him. For a moment he's my sweet Wes again. Wesley Parker, the boy I'll always love.

A horrible sadness grips me because if I'm right, this night will prove beyond a doubt that my version of Wesley is already too far gone to ever come back. There's no way in hell my Wes would hurt another living soul.

"Remember how I told you in the beginning that Celestra needed to be overrun so that the Countenance could reign over the Nephilim people?"

"Yes." I remember that psychotic day in the library when I first arrived. And to my surprise there was no shortage of psychotic days after that as well. "I believe your exact words were, 'they would be eradicated by prom.'"

He gives a dull laugh. "I'm not sure about that anymore, but I need you to understand they're a real danger to our people. Even though they're smaller in number they're very, very powerful. They've held supremacy over all Nephil races since the beginning of time, Laken. They cling to old ideas. They hold out their authority without credence to what the other factions might want. It's a dictatorship that has to end."

"Sounds corrupt." I try to strain all of the sarcasm out of my voice. Wesley really does know how to paint a nasty picture. And if there were no Celestra tunnels, no haunted woods where they sucked the prisoners dry, I might have sided with him. I might have done so if my mother, my sister, and the others weren't down there, but this is all inexcusable now.

I take up his hand, so I can pry into his thoughts like he did mine when I first arrived.

"Laken, where I'm going to take you isn't pretty. It's scary, and there are souls down there who are undergoing very real suffering." I can't sugarcoat this. If honesty is my new policy, then I need to open the door as wide as possible.

He smiles as if he's added that last part for my benefit.

"You're going to be powerful after our visit, Laken." The muscles in his jaw pop as if he means business. "This place, it's called the Tenebrous Woods. It's where the Countenance holds its prisoners of war." He shoots a nervous glance behind me. "Laken, the only way to get this power is to take it from them physically."

I stare at Wes a very long time. I'm boarding up the windows and doors to my thoughts, so he'll never get inside and see what a monster my eyes convey to me at this very moment.

"What will this power do for me? What in the hell kind of benefit will it ever yield?"

"You could read thoughts." He rattles my hand as if he's calling me out on it. "The Celestra that reside in the tunnels are far more potent than the Celestra running around up here. They're a select group. The ones with heavily infused blood are usually captured for breeding."

A chill races up my spine and sends every hair on my body standing at attention.

"So mindreading? That's the power?" Honestly, I have no clue how beneficial it really is. Overall it seems impractical, something more of a dime store novelty trick. "I remember you telling me they could time travel."

"You remember." He blows it out with a smile of relief. Wes is thrilled that I'm receptive to this on some level. "If you and I both take this power, we could travel through time together. One of us isn't enough. One of us could get us there, and the other could get us back. I could never do it alone, Laken, but with you-together we're the perfect team."

"The perfect team." I wrap my arms around him, careful not to touch his skin. I'm not sure if we're the perfect team anymore. Coop has already taken his place, so efficiently. I would have never guessed that Wes and I could ever grow apart, and here we are so physically close and yet miles away in every other capacity.

Maybe our love had its chance, and we lost, or maybe I'm just not trying hard enough. Whatever it is, I'm pretty sure puncturing my teeth into an imprisoned stranger isn't going to bring us closer as a couple. I'm almost certain it's going to move us the hell away from each other pretty damn quick. I can see now the spiritual terrain on which we've arrived for what it is-a landslide. I'm not sure we're ever going to recover. And with Wesley's strange enthusiasm for all things wicked, I'm not sure I want to.

"Mindreading and time travel," I whisper it low. "I'm going to have these abilities after this?"

"You will. Don't be afraid. There's blood involved. You need to take it in to get it to work on a cellular level, but you don't need a lot." Wesley holds me out by the shoulders, looking remorseful over this very thing. I knew Wes wasn't a monster. He knows deep down inside it's wrong to do this. "It's not just the mindreading and time travel, Laken, there's one other thing. It's a power that the Celestra haven't even discovered yet."

My chest thumps wild at what this might be.

"What is it, Wes?" My breath plumes around us in thick, silver feathers.

He digs a proud smile deep into his cheek.

"I won't tell you. I'll show you one day soon. But right now, I want to take you to Tenebrous." Wes crashes his lips against mine and starts in on the most aggressive erotic kiss I have ever known.

The ground melts under my feet. My lids flutter as an unnatural heat surrounds us.

Wes and I are falling down a never-ending tornado of fire.

We're off to the Tenebrous Woods, and nothing will ever be the same.

A deep welt of purple opens in an arid expanse beneath our feet. Twisted branches claw from below, luring us in like crooked fingers.

The ground comes up quickly, and Wes tightens his grip around my waist. We land with a thump, with him breathing into my neck like he was trying to syphon oxygen from my body.

"Are you all right?" He pulls back and takes me in, his eyes wild with panic as if there's a good chance I'm anything but that.

A breath escapes me in lieu of an answer as I try to absorb this new horror. A sky of crushed amethyst, a night so thick you could inhale it. You could feel it becoming a part of your very being.

A siren shrills through the air. It takes a moment to realize that it's not a mechanical warning at all but a human voice, one attached to a being who would give anything not to be here.

"Shit," I hiss lower than a whisper.

My heart palpitates so fast my bones rattle. My adrenaline soars as an intense brand of fear rips through me. I've become the cat at the bottom of a well, and now there's no way out.

"It's okay." Wes wraps an arm around my waist and leads me through the dim-lit path. "There's a guy we have to find. His name is Ingram. He's sort of the guide that runs this place." He pauses and pulls me in. "There's a girl I draw from. Her name is Skyla. I swear to you I have no feelings whatsoever for her. And the only thing she feels for me is a serious dislike. Her boyfriend is her Elysian, and all that means is that he oversees the entire situation. I'm never alone with her, nor would I want to be."

"Her boyfriend lets this happen to her? Doesn't sound like a good boyfriend to me."

"I don't think he has a choice in the matter." Wes takes up my hand and continues us along the twisted trail. "The reserves are low, so we're borrowing fresh Celestra from two years in the future."

The future? The idea makes me dizzy.

"Am I going to take her blood? This Skyla person?"

"You could. She's the most powerful one they've got down here."

Nothing but the best for Wes.

He rattles my hand and laughs. "I can hear you, Laken." He opens his mouth as if he wants to add something then closes it. "Soon you'll be able to hear me, too." He darts a glance into the forest as he says it. "You don't need to take Skyla's blood. It would drain her pretty good if we both did it. I'll ask Ingram to get someone else for you."

I see. A tiny laugh escapes me. Saving the good stuff for yourself, huh? I give his hand a quick squeeze.

"Not at all. I just thought it might weird you out because she's a girl. I thought maybe her boyfriend might volunteer to keep her from getting drained. He's untapped from what I hear, and I've been told he's got a strong Celestra base. Not that I want to see you chewing off some guy's neck." He looks me in the eye a moment too long. "That's where we take it from, the neck. But if you prefer Skyla, I've got no problem with it."

A thing-a man appears at the edge of the woods, holding a glowing clipboard. His skin illuminates a sallow shade of yellow, sort of like an electrified bruise. He looks older, yet there's some timeless quality about him, and somehow I innately know he doesn't age.

"That's Ingram." Wes says, leading us in his direction. "Do you have her ready?"

"Don't I always?" He seems bored with our nefarious endeavors. "Come. She's a spitfire this evening."

"Is she ever anything else?" Wes says it in a way that makes me think she's kicked him in the nuts a time or two.

My heart starts in on a death rattle, demanding to be let out of this place. My palms break out in a sweat. I'm not sure I'm up for a confrontation, especially not one from a pissed off Celestra.

"Don't worry," Wes whispers. "She's not that bad."

Ingram rolls out his hand as if introducing royalty. "The Elysian has secured her to the post. Your withdrawal is ready for the taking."

The bushy pines open up to a clearing. A strange glow illuminates the woods-then I see her.

God, she's beautiful.

My body seizes as I examine her like this with her arms bound behind her back, her legs secured with some kind of metal bracket. Her face is pinched with anger, and her long blonde mane shags out around her, glowing like her own private sun.

"You've brought a guest. How nice," she smarts. "Is it show and tell at the haunted academy today? Let me guess. Two bites are better than one?" She squints through the light to get a better look at me, and her face smooths out.

"That would be Skyla." Wes tickles my ear with his breath. "The guy standing off to the side is her Elysian, Logan. He's good and pissed, and rearing for a fight, twenty-four seven. Excuse me for a minute while I go over and fill him in on how much I appreciated our unexpected meeting a few weeks back."

Wes takes off to "say hello" to the gorgeous boy with blond flames for hair. They're both unusually good looking, with the exception of Ingram who amounts to a human frog, which is what I've just reduced the Counts to, although I'd hate to insult anything in the chordata phylum that way.

Skyla's eyes enlarge, and she ticks her head as if secretively calling me over.

"Me?" I mouth, pointing to my chest.

She gives a long, slow blink before glancing at the human toad and giving a brief nod. Poor thing. She probably wants me to break her the hell out of this place. Little does she know, I lack the authority and that my "boyfriend" would like nothing more than to keep her bound and gagged for life.

I make my way over, fully expecting her to spit like a camel or scream in my face at what a horrible person I am.

She beckons me forward with a desperate look in her eye.

"I know, you," she says just below a whisper. "You're Laken Stewart. I tried to save you when you were in the Transfer."

Everything in me goes rigid. My heart stops its wild tirade as if those very words had the power to kill me.

"Laken." Wes jogs over. "Everything's straightened out. I'll take Skyla, and you'll have Logan." He closes his eyes a moment. "I can't stand to watch." He says it sober, filled with an ache I haven't seen in him before. "I can't stand the thought of you touching someone else." He brushes the hair from my shoulder. "Ingram, help Laken."

I glance back at Skyla, and she gives a silent nod. My spirit soars because she's right.

I'm Laken Stewart, and I always will be.

Cooper

Sitting in Edinger's office, with nothing but a tiny desk lamp illuminating the area, isn't exactly where I envisioned myself on Halloween night or any other night for that matter. Even though he himself most likely invented the carnival of horror overtaking the country tonight, something about sitting alone with him in the quasi-dark feels borderline perverse.

"Anything in particular you would you like to discuss?" He tips his head back with his face pulled into that perennial grimace.

"I'm interested."

"Interested?" He gives a little tick as if he had no idea what this clandestine meeting is about. "Do you have a concern about your grades?"

"No," I flat line. "I don't like games unless they involve something I can kick around, and unless you're in the mood to pluck your head off and let me score a touchdown with it, I suggest you knock this shit off."

"State your business," he starts off curt. "It's strictly policy and procedure. It's frowned upon to have me initiate every conversation that concerns your kind. You must have a want, a need, a desire. Do I make myself clear?"

"Implicitly." Fucking moron. "I'm interested in stepping between Laken and Wesley in exchange for a supervising spirit."

He gives a crooked nod, amused that I would be willing to risk my life in the event things don't work out in my favor. "I'm aware of the consequences if the situation backfires. I just need a few points of contention clarified before we square things away."

"How prudent of you. And the points of contention are?"

"Why do you want Wes to stay away from Laken? Not that I'm going to argue with you over this, but I'm curious."

A dark laugh gurgles from his throat. "Wesley was made for something more. Far greater things wait for him than the girl you ruminate over in your fantasies."

"Fair enough," I say. "So you'll be my supervising spirit?"

"For as long as your days remain, and, of course, as long as Laken remains in your arms. Should you outlive her, I'll release you from this bondage."

Outlive Laken? The thought of losing her to death has never crossed my mind.

"Outline the bennies." I tap my fingers over his desk. "Make it clear. Dumb it down for me. I'm not in the mood for doublespeak."

"The bennies." He pulls his lips to the side. "You have the honor of my services at your every whim. I'll assist you should you prefer to visit the future. I'll guide you in all things concerning the spiritual plane. And, should you have a query, I'll have an answer. I assure you nothing but fatherly advice. I would never lie to you no matter how harsh the truth may be. I will most certainly listen, should you need an ear."

"I have a dad. A good one." The condoms he supplied me with in front of Laken run through my mind. That was more to embarrass the hell out of me than it was to protect me from any fictitious STDs Laken might be carrying. Nope. The fatherly role is fulfilled quite nicely. "So let me get this straight. I get a spiritual guru, some vacays to days yet numbered, but aren't you forgetting the pot of gold?"

His smile widens. He knows damn well what I'm alluding to.

"Tell me, Cooper. What is the pot of gold?"

"The Tenebrous Woods. Take me there right now, and you've got a deal."

Edinger leans back in his seat and examines me through his heavily slotted lids.

"It's not a part of the traditional package. I'll have to monitor your every move."

"Chain yourself to my hip. I really don't give a shit. He's there with her now. He knows how to get there and back, and I want that, too-or he can have Laken, I don't really care." My gut cinches, calling me out on the lie.

"Very good. You seem well apprised. Did you also know he's well aware you've been giving her blood?" His face redefines itself in anger. "He knows so many things about you and his little girlfriend, and yet you have the arrogance to believe you've had the upper hand all along. You've got your work cut out for yourself, Mr. Flanders. Don't think for a minute he's not capable of outwitting you and stealing away with the prize." His uniform scowl spreads slow across his face. "Where is the true pot of gold, Cooper?"

"It's where I buried my heart." I swallow hard. "The true pot of gold is Laken."

Edinger clasps his hand over my head, and the floor drops out beneath me like a trap door. I fall forever down an immeasurably long distance while pillars of fire expand around me, their wicked tongues lick at my flesh as I continue to plummet.

A dark expanse spreads at my feet like a bruise as I fall through and land flat on my ass in the dusty, forgotten woods of Tenebrous. An entire forest of black charred trees twist into the night-the smell of something metallic lingers heavy in the air.

Edinger is nowhere to be found which is a good thing-I think.

I dust my jeans off and make my way over to a dirt trail that holds a pale illumination. A scream pierces through the silence followed by a whimper.

"Is anybody there?" I call out as I pick up my pace. The forest floor thumps. The tree roots elevate out of the ground as if to slow my efforts.

"Got it," I whisper. No communicating with the captives.

The whimpering increases, and I head in that direction.

A cell made of tree limbs comes up on my right with the shadow of a body slumped inside.

"Help me!" The voice of a girl cries out as her hand extends from the wooden bars, and I take a hold of it-long slender fingers, bony and pale. "Oh God!"

"It's okay. I won't hurt you."

"Cooper?"

I squint through the branches as she presses her paper white face to the edge of the bars. I recognize those delicate features, those pale whiskers of short hair.

"Casper." I reach through and warm my hand over her shoulder.

She starts in on a heaving sob, strangling my arm as she pulls me in deeper.

"You're rescuing me," she cries out. "I swear I'll be your 'it' girl for whatever you need. You want your socks ironed at midnight? I'm there."

My heart sinks, heavy as granite. I'm pretty sure Edinger isn't letting me take home a prize.

"Listen," I whisper. "I'm going to get you out." I try to temper my breathing. "Laken is here somewhere, trying to do the same thing. We don't know how to pull this off, but we'll figure it out."

Her eyes dim. She releases her hold on my arm and slinks back against the bars.

"How do you plan on leaving?" She asks curiously as if she's already abandoned all hope of escaping herself.

"I've got a supervising spirit." I hope. "I'll ask if I can take you with me."

"It's no use." She fans her bony fingers through the air. "Ask them to send me a damn cheeseburger, would you? If they're going to suck me dry, they may as well take a minute to adequately replenish the supply."

I swallow hard. "I can't believe I found you. This is insane." I reach over to a pair of buckling limbs and focus all my Celestra energy into prying them apart. No sooner do the branches snap then Casper appears beside me.

"Coop." She wraps her thin arms around my body and holds on tight. "Your gorgeous face is a sight for sore eyes."

I pull back and take her in. She looks the same, albeit it thinner. She's wearing odd clothes, a shirt and pants that look as if they're made of white linen. Her neck is cut along one side, and a navy welt protrudes thick as my thumb.

"Shit," I hiss. "They're hurting you."

"I pissed them off." She glances down. "They sent a ravager-some animal-like creature-a Count with no manners. Anyway. I'm over it. I'm done feeling pain and giving them the pleasure."

"Where are the other prisoners?" I can't help but notice the forest is sparse with victims, although for all I know this place could go on for acres.

"Most of them are in the tower. If you're in the woods, it's time for a blood draw."

"My mom is here. Her name is Michaella Flanders."

She shakes her head. "I've hardly seen anyone. They keep us pretty isolated."

"Laken's mom and sister are both here, too. If you come across her little sister, Lacey, please tell her Laken isn't giving up."

"I will." She gives a sorrowful nod. "You said Laken is here?"

"She's pretending to be one of them. She's with Wes-who by the way is not pretending." I might strangle him the next time I see him just for the hell of it.

"Wesley?" Her brows touch at the center.

"Look, I need to find them," I pant. "I just want to make sure she's okay from a distance. Do you know your way around these woods?"

"A little but this place is huge. We're talking it owns a dimensional plane, huge. Come on." She takes me by the hand, and we cover what feels like miles before finding ourselves back at the broken down cell she sprung out of.

"Shit. This place is like a damn hamster wheel." A thought occurs to me. If Edinger says he's ready and willing to serve, here's his chance to prove it. I look up at the angry sky, fully expecting to see him but don't. "Take me to Laken," I command.

My body traverses tree after tree as I glide through the forest. I stop abruptly, flattening my face against the jagged bark of an oak before catching my bearings.

"Shit." My head throbs. I dab my fingers over my cheek and confirm it's bleeding. Looks like Edinger forgot to outline one of the more interesting perks of our arrangement, physical disfigurement.

I glance back and Casper is nowhere to be found. Figures. He's probably got her back in the cage with a ravager on the way. Freaking monster.

A murmur of voices garners my attention, and I glance around the trunk to find an entire party of people.

Laken.

My insides loosen at the sight of her. She's still wearing her cheer uniform. Nothing about her seems off, so I assume she's unharmed. She shakes the hand of some blond guy as if profusely thanking him for something. Wes says something to a girl tied to a post before making his way over to Laken. A shriveled man moves among them and whispers something inaudible. He looks mostly human except for his radioactive glow.

Laken and Wes head in this direction.

My breath leaves a trail in the chilled night air, and I try to steady my breathing until it hardly emits a vapor.

"Are you feeling okay?" Wes grabs her by the waist and rocks her in his arms. It nauseates me just to witness.

"Better than okay. But it was weird." She glances away. "You know, sucking off someone's neck like that."

Crap. I hate seeing Laken trying to play it off like she's never done this before when Edinger filled me in on the fact Wes was in on our secret all along.

"You'll get used to it over time. If you're comfortable with him, we can request him for you."

"I don't feel right." She shakes her head. "He said he was doing it as a favor, but he's not officially taken by the Counts. I want her. I want the girl." She pulls his head down by the back of the neck. "You said she's the best."

"I should've known." He lets out a dark laugh. "Nothing but the best for an Anderson."

"I have you, don't I?" She seals the sentiment with a kiss, and my stomach turns to stone. An electric blue cloud envelops the two of them, and they dissolve into thin air.

That kiss lingers in my mind like the stench of Spectator. Laken kissed him like she meant it. And she probably did.

I stagger into the clearing, causing the guy and the girl they just siphoned from to pause their conversation midflight.

"Cooper!" The girl runs over and hugs me so tight, she might snap my spinal cord from the effort.

"Elysian!" The glowing creature snaps. "Remove her at once."

"Sorry, man. Skyla needs to head back to Paragon." The guy with the sandy hair looks right at me when he says it. "We'll see you around, Coop." He touches his hand to the girl's shoulder, and they dissolve in a blue-lit fog right before my eyes.

"Wait," I call out. "How did you know my name?" I shout into the quiet reserve. "How did they know my name?" I ask the squirrely looking dude with the luminescent tablet.

"I gather you're popular in the future." He frowns as he types something into the rectangle of light in his hands.

"What do you mean the future?"

"They're from the future, two years." He gives a dissatisfied blink before popping out of existence.

Two years, huh?

"Edinger?" I call out to him without putting too much effort behind it. "I'm ready to take off." The ground wobbles beneath my feet. "Hey, can I take a friend?"

A loud peal of thunder rips through the vicinity.

I'll take that as a no.

I'm falling again as the darkness sucks me into its vortex.

My body slams against something that feels an awful lot like concrete, and I land flat on my back staring up at the angry face of Asterion.

I roll over and look around.

I'm back-right here at Ephemeral.

I spring to my feet and sprint toward Henderson Hall.

It's time to find Laken and tell her that Wes knows everything.

Wesley

Laken and I appear right back in the woods behind Henderson, still locked in a heated kiss that redefines every other kiss we've ever shared.

What we just experienced was exhilarating. We dove through time and space, and took back the power that Celestra stole long ago from our people. Celestra may hold the seat of government, but now, with their own blood, we're about to reclaim what's rightfully ours.

Laken pulls back and takes a look at me through this new lens.

"I feel so close to you." Her lips rubber band into a smile then that sadness she wears like a mask returns from nowhere. "Wes?" She looks up at me in earnest as if our entire relationship hinged on what she's about to ask. "Do you think there's any way to free those people trapped in there? Maybe Celestra could get some of their own to volunteer blood in exchange of those innocent lives? I'm sure there are a ton of hero's ready to fill their shoes, just like Logan did tonight to spare that girl."

"This is why I love you. You're an angel in the truest sense." I push out a dry smile. "Of course, none of us want them to suffer. I'd be the first to set them free. It's just-we don't get to make the rules. These rivalries, Laken, they're as old as time. There's not a lot we can change. And I'll be honest, it doesn't thrill me you're toting Logan as some hero." I purse my lips at the thought. "He's the same ass**le who brought his buddy to Ephemeral and tried to rearrange my limbs."

Her eyes widen with the newfound revelation.

"I wouldn't worry too much about him and Skyla." I press a kiss over her cheek. "Rumor has it they're made of gold. Come on," I say, pulling her back in the direction of the party. "Let's see what we missed."

"Were we gone long?"

"Nope. We were in a Treble-a portal of time that stays open just for the two of us."

"A Treble huh?" More like trouble.

"I heard that." I rattle her hand a little, and she lets out a laugh.

I love you, Wesley Parker. She sighs while biting down a smile.

My stomach lurches, but I don't correct her.

I love you, too, Laken Anderson.

Her smile fades with the sentiment, and now I feel like crap for bringing it up.

She pulls me in close and studies me as if she's seeing me for the very first time.

One day-she gives a brief nod-either you or I will find out we were wrong. And when you do, I expect a full apology.

I hold back a laugh because I know she's not teasing, but damn she's cute while embroiled in her delusion.

I'll apologize to you until I'm blue in the face for anything you want, I say. But I swear to you, Laken-you're safe. You were never kidnaped, and I never knew you as any other person. I would never string you along in that way just to get you in my bed. I have far too much respect for you. I give a stern look, hoping she'll read between the lines.

Laken tickles my ribs and laughs. And when you do apologize-she inverts her bottom lip and lets it out by way of her teeth-I suggest you get down on your knees and beg my forgiveness.

"I'll get down on my knees a lot sooner than that and for entirely different reasons." I blow it out like a promise before finding her lips with mine.

Laken and I are unified in soul and spirit with only one thing left for us to explore. I can't wait to dive into Laken, love her with every ounce of strength my body can afford.

"I heard that." She rattles my hand and gives an impish grin.

"I was hoping you would." I bow down and meet her lips again. Laken blesses me with a careful kiss while soft moans of ecstasy escape her. But it's the wall she's putting up around her thoughts that makes me wonder what exactly it is she's trying to hide.

Inside Henderson Hall, the party has gone from zero to superhero. Every comic book character known to geekdom has arrived in number and is trying out his or her dance moves while drunk off their asses.

"Everyone's wrecked," Laken shouts over the music.

I'd offer to take her to my room and ask her to help out with the hard-on blooming in my jeans, but she already mentioned Halloween wasn't her holiday of choice for sleeping with me for the very first time. I still don't believe she slept with Miles Richards. That guy gives ass**les everywhere a bad name. There's no way she would have slept with him in her right mind. Then again she did get tanked and entice the entire basketball team just in time to get herself kicked out of Rycroft. And I sort of find that hard to believe as well.

"Hey, Wes." Kresley latches onto me, rolling her head back before walloping me with a wet, sloppy kiss.

"Geez." I push her off. "What the hell happened? You guys dunk your heads in a vat of vodka?"

"Lighten up." She cuts a hard look to Laken. "Looks like your little princess has you believing you're too good for the rest of us now."

"And what the hell are you supposed to be?" Laken examines her scantily clad leather and lace get up, her tall knee-high boots and vamped up makeup.

"A naughty witch." Kres gets in her face and swivels her neck. "One who likes to hunt down vapid cheerleaders and feed them to her flying monkeys for breakfast."

"Oh, I see. So you opted for no costume." Laken is quick with the comeback. "Have you seen Hattie?" She cranes her neck in twelve different directions. I wonder if she'll feel different about Hattie now that she's been to the tunnels?

Hattie seems nice enough, but she's a Celestra, and each one of them is a natural born enemy. It's about time Laken starts to see things that way, too. Especially where Coop is concerned.

"Yeah, I did." Kres exaggerates a sad face. "She's upstairs with a noose around her neck-said she was going to do everyone a favor and hang herself at midnight."

"I'd better find her." Laken checks her phone before zipping it back in her skirt. "She really misses her family. This is all overwhelming for her." She hikes up on the balls of her feet and presses a kiss against my lips. "Maybe we can hang out later? You can teach me a few tricks, and I'll give you a treat." She bats her lashes at me.

Holy shit.

I rattle out a dry laugh. "It's on, girl." I land my lips over hers and plunge my tongue into her mouth in one smooth move.

God, I love you, Wes.

I love you, too, Laken.

She darts off into the crowd as the strobe lights kick into high gear. Any second now I'm expecting half a dozen people to start in on seizures and truthfully their dance moves might improve.

"So how are things going with the two of you?" Kres stands next to me, pretending to people watch when we both know the only thing she's interested in observing is misery.

"Things are going great, not that it's any of your business." I scan the room for signs of Fletch or Blaine, hell I'd take Edinger at this point to get away from Kres.

"It's not my business? I thought we were friends, Wes." She leans in. "You know me. If I know for a fact one of my friends is getting hurt then I make it my business to protect them."

"I don't need your protection." I spot Blaine by the entry and start to head over.

Kres yanks me back by the sleeve and shoves her phone in my face-it's a picture of Laken and Coop locked at the lips, her leg is hiked up in the back like she's enjoying the hell out of it.

My body solidifies. My insides grind.

"That was tonight," she says, pointing out the date on the facebook update.

"Marky Flanders," I say, reading the name above the post. Shit. I take the phone from her and examine Laken in her cheer uniform, Coop in his football garb. The update reads, the perfect couple.

My heart turns to lead, my blood to concrete.

Cooper Flanders is going to die, and I'm going to make sure it looks like an unfortunate accident.

Happy Halloween, Coop.

It's going to be your last.

11

Monsters and Demons

Laken

The wind whistles and howls as fractured cackles echo throughout campus at this late hour. I run up the hill and crest over the ridge just south of the giant boulders that sit in a clearing.

I send a quick text to Coop. Where are you?

Right behind you.

I spin on my heels to find his expansive shoulder span, his happy-to-see-me grin.

"Coop!" I jump up and hug him as if we had been separated for generations-as if death had interceded, and we were being reunited after an entire lifetime apart.

"It's okay. I got you. You did good." He presses a kiss in my neck and nuzzles into me a moment. It's sweet like this with Coop, safe. No pretenses, no lies-not a single secret lingers between us. "Wes knows," he whispers. His features soften as if he were sorry to convey the news.

"Knows what?" An explosion of panic fills me, and I'm not sure why.

"That you've been taking blood from me. He knows you can read his mind-I guess he's known for a while." He steadies his eyes over me. "It's a long story."

Shit.

"Excuse me?" An impatient voice calls from behind.

We turn to find Hattie in her Ephemeral cheer uniform, looking more than a little disgusted by our bold show of affection.

"We're just friends." I spit it out so fast it sounds like the excuse it is. "Special friends."

Hattie gives a coy smile.

"I found my special friend tonight." That wicked gleam returns to her eyes, and for a moment my stomach pinches at the thought of not trusting her again.

"If it's Kresley or Grayson I might have to educate you on what a true friend is," I say only partially kidding. Those girls qualify as the training grounds for the future bitches of America and not much else.

"I'm talking about, Flynn." She shakes her head, and her ponytail coils in a single ringlet in the back. "He asked me to find you. He said he needed to talk to the both of you but not to tell anyone else."

"Hattie!" I rush over to her.

"Where is he?" Coop darts a glance into the forest in a fit of frustration. "Is he all right?"

She shrinks a little as if she knows he's anything but all right.

"God-he's not dead is he?"

"I don't think he's dead." Hattie inverts her perfect bowtie lips as if she wasn't entirely telling the truth.

"Shit." Cooper stamps it out because we're both thinking the same thing.

What Flynn might be going through is a lot more complicated than death.

"Can you take us to him?" I ask, trying to restrain myself from freaking out.

"Oh yes." She heads in the direction of the woods. "He's got new friends and everything."

Coop and I exchange looks.

Sleepy Hollow comes upon us with its long nefarious arms. The violet sky acts as a dramatic backdrop to the necrotic skeletal maples, the bare-naked birch trees with their network of fingerlike protrusions.

Coop plucks a flashlight out of his jeans and illuminates a path as Hattie runs us deeper into the woods.

He interlaces our fingers and pulls me in.

What if this is a trap? I ask, trying to keep up with him. How well do we know Hattie? And who the hell is she if she's not a Tobias?

"Hattie!" Coop barks, and she comes to a standstill. Those large doe eyes of hers look slightly terrified by his tone. "When you came to me that first night, you said you wanted to help find your family."

She takes an uneasy step toward us. "That's what they wanted me to say."

"Who are 'they,' Hattie?" I ask, trying to maintain the fine line of trust with her. "Is it Wesley?"

Her eyes widen as if she sees where this is going.

"You don't believe me. You think I'm here to hurt you. I would never do that Laken. You have to believe me. Flynn and you-you're my only friends."

"A few weeks back," I start, "you morphed into a monster in the dining hall. As far as I know, Celestra can't do that." I don't finish, and let her surmise what she will.

"There was a Fem with me that morning. He said he liked to have fun with you." She holds out her hand, and I take it. We shouldn't speak. They might hear.

I give a brief nod. Tell me, Hattie. Who's doing this? Are they trying to throw me off?

I can't go back there. Her face fills with fear, and for a second I think she's going to bolt. I shouldn't say anything else.

Then don't tell me. I tighten my grip over her. Show me their faces.

Here are your enemies, Laken. An image of Jones pops up with his tie notched just above his sweater. Edinger stains the landscape of her mind, seated at his desk-across from him sits Cooper. He leans over and shakes Edinger's hand, and my blood runs cold. My body goes numb from the visual. Her mind goes blank, and it's done.

Wesley wasn't a part of the show.

I glance over at the boy who so efficiently stole my heart. Cooper?

Which one put you up to this? I pull Hattie in as if I were about to give her a hug.

Figure it out, Laken. I'm not going back into that hellhole just because you can't do the math.

The rustle of branches emits from the south.

"They're here!" She pulls me along as we trek deeper into the armpit of these unhallowed woods until we come upon a clearing. "Flynn?" Her voice quivers as she calls his name.

A stench fills the air. One by one the shadows around us come to life, and bodies fill in the landscape.

I suck in a quick breath.

"There's enough of them to outfit a small city," I whisper to Coop.

Too bad they're not human. Every single one of them is a Spectator.

I latch onto Cooper for dear life.

We're surrounded-far too outnumbered to ever win this war.

If this isn't a trap, I don't know what is.

Cooper

Spectators hold a peculiar stench. They make rotting fish and sour milk smell about as pleasant and welcome as apple pie.

The shadows move in around us. Bodies, in numbers too high to count, shade the open spaces as grunts and howls take over the night.

I would have thought we could trust Hattie. I thought for sure she was leading us to Flynn as she made us believe. And now, here we are a hundred deep in a crowd of long forgotten humans who happen to crave the very thing we need to survive-brains.

I run my hand up my thigh as I reach for the meager weaponry on me. I've got nothing but a six-inch pocketknife and my bare hands to protect Laken. There are far too many of them to ever win this fight.

A hard grunt riles up the masses. A Spectator with jeans and an Ephemeral practice jersey makes his way to the middle with his wiry hair, his body strutting in staccato motions, his arms and legs locked in their partial rigor state. I recognize those stoned out eyes-that stupefied look.

Shit.

"Flynn!" Hattie runs over and jumps on his stiff frame causing him to stumble back a few good feet.

"Looks like she's the real deal after all," Laken whispers, wrapping her arms tight around my waist.

"Coop," Flynn grunts it out with all his effort.

I head over and lay my hand over his so he can speak his mind, literally.

His flesh is cold to the touch and rubbery as a corpse, but I suppose that's par for the course as far as Spectators go.

"What the hell happened?" I ask as the crowd narrows in on us. Laken places her hand over mine in an effort to listen in.

Dude! He grunts in his enthusiasm. I found the Tobias family. They're ready and willing to head to the resurrection chamber. By the way, I think I'm going to need some resurrecting myself.

I glance at Laken. I'm not entirely sure how I'm going to tell Flynn there's no cure for his condition.

"What are all these other people doing here?" Laken shudders when she says the word people. "Are you trying to get us killed?"

Flynn looks around at the growing number of Spectators.

Dude, these guys are tight, he asserts. And they're ready and willing to try anything to improve their situation. They're totally down with checking out, Ezrina. He grunts as if to annunciate his point.

"Which one bit you?" I pan the vicinity for the guilty party. We may as well pinpoint who's to blame for Masterson's demise. I don't know why he would get so close to one to begin with.

There were these two hot chicks. He looks down with the hint of a budding smile. Dude, they were hitting on me. It was like they wanted a threesome right there in the woods, and you could hardly see the rot on their faces. They were like cover models. I couldn't resist.

Laken and I groan in unison.

"I hope you're happy, Flynn," Laken snips. "Just because you couldn't control that garden snake in your pants, we're going to have a zombie apocalypse on our hands. You have successfully screwed us all."

Garden snake? He huffs. Honey, I'll have you know, I have the ability to give anacondas a run for their slithering money. If you want a private show just name the time and place.

"Oh gross!" Laken swats him in the chest. "Just call off your friends, so we can get out of here with our brains intact."

Exactly. Flynn grunts as he says it. We all want to get a move on to the Transfer, so Ezrina can get her potions in motion. He slaps an arm over my shoulder. Let's roll, buddy.

I glance around at the enormous crowd.

I'd have to carry them all individually. This would take weeks. Tell them it's just the Tobias family for now.

Flynn calls out to the crowd in what sounds like a Spectator's version of yodeling, and a young boy and girl step forward.

"Where's the father?" I say it breathless. It's hard to believe Flynn, in all of his boneheaded glory, actually came through for once.

Dead. Flynn glances from me to Laken. Rumor has it a white hunter with a sharp knife killed him while he was chasing a young girl through these very woods. Pummeled his brains out a few weeks back. Flynn gives an intense look that scares the living shit out of me.

"I killed him?" As if I had to ask.

"And I was the girl." Laken looks down, despondent over the news. "It was the first day I arrived, and you saved me." She brushes her fingers over my cheek with a resolute sadness.

"I killed him." I sway on my feet. I've never really viewed them as people before. "It was Emmanuel Tobias."

The boy and girl step into our midst, and Hattie picks up the little girl's hand.

"Richard and Kara," Hattie introduces us to the Spectator duo.

Thunder rolls from above. A tremor of lightning illuminates the forest, and the Tobias sisters appear in tandem-first in their haggard state, then in their healthier, comelier forms.

"Richard! Kara!" Hattie barks as if she were reprimanding them. She and Amelia head over and engage in life-clutching hugs that go on for a long time. "We're so glad to have you back." Hattie caresses the side of Kara's deteriorating face. "This will heal. I promise." She looks up at her brother. "And father?"

Shit.

Richard shakes his head and grunts out something unintelligible.

"I see." Hattie and Amelia exchange a forlorn glance. "He's in paradise," she whispers to the quieter of the two. They nod into one another as if they were conducting a private conversation.

"I'm sorry," I say to the two of them at the risk of outing myself as the killer, but neither of them acknowledges my apology.

The original Hattie steps forward and touches the hair of the Celestra taking up residence at Ephemeral.

"They gave you my name," she says with a marked sense of pride.

Amelia, the silent one, goes over and offers a firm embrace to the doppelganger of the bunch.

"She's mine," Hattie says to both Laken and I. "My granddaughter."

"Granddaughter?" The word expels from Laken in a fog.

"They freed you," she whispers. "You must never let them take you back."

"I'll make sure of that," I volunteer, hoping to change the terms of our agreement because God knows her other two family members aren't going to fair as well.

The crowd presses in. A series of grunts and moans swell around us until it's difficult to make out an escape route in this thicket of undead bodies.

"Cooper..." Laken's voice quivers.

"We're going to take them to the Transfer now. We'll be back for you later." I shout it loud enough to appease the crowd, and a rush of voices rise into the sky as they cheer in hopes of their newfound freedom.

How are we going to pull this off? Laken squeezes my arm like she's juicing it for blood.

On three, pick up Kara, and I'll take Richard. I'll lead us out to the boulders. Make sure you run as inhumanly fast as possible. Once we hit through the barrier, we can figure things out from there.

Laken looks down at the little girl with her misshapen head, her round eyes bulging unnaturally. I know Laken is thinking of Lacey, how precious this little life is and doesn't want to hurt her.

Laken presses her face to my neck and inhales sharply as if holding back tears. We can't let Ezrina hurt her, either of them.

We won't. Let's get out of this mosh pit, and we'll see what we can do. I nod over to Flynn in his haggard state of being.

I clear my throat. "Laken and I will lead the way with the Tobias siblings."

Hattie and Amelia each hug them goodbye.

"Kara"-Hattie bends to meet her-"you be a good girl. Soon you'll have your life back, and Laken here will treat you as if you were her own sister. Isn't that right, Laken?" Hattie glares over at her. She knew just where to place the dig. "Take care of Richard as well." She straightens. "You did good. When you yield the proper results, we'll discuss the passage to your loved ones."

I glance over at Laken. Throw Kara over your shoulder, and whatever you do, don't let go of my hand.

She offers a firm squeeze. Her eyes light up as if she's ready for a fight.

"Three!" I shout.

Laken and I snatch up the Tobias siblings and drive down the field, laden with Spectators, as fast as our feet will carry us. Bodies fly as we pick up our pace to supernatural speeds. My foot catches on something, and I send Richard flying through the air like a projectile missile. Laken's fingers disconnect with mine, and the crowd fills in, pushing and shoving.

"Laken!" I drift further east with my feet off the floor as the Spectators carry me closer to the boulders fully expecting to cross over to the promise land.

We hit the overgrown rock formation and noticeably nothing happens.

Fists pound against the pale blue granite. The stone lays still as the crowd begins to swirl in confusion.

An angry growl penetrates the air and the zombie parade shifts direction.

The entire lot of them, turn and head toward campus.

First stop on the way-Henderson Hall.

Wesley

After scouring every known dorm looking for Coop and Laken, I end up back at the party.

Kresley spent the last twenty minutes teasing me every which way with her stripper routine. No matter how hard I try to avoid her, she manages to pop up in my line of vision with those swollen boobs aching for attention.

"Face it Paxton"-she slithers up from behind and whispers into my ear-"you're mine tonight, and you know it."

Shit.

Ironically, despite all of her attention seeking, her periodic nipple flashing, Kresley is the last person on my mind tonight. That picture she showed me of Coop and Laken exchanging a kiss in their coordinated outfits keeps regurgitating itself. What the hell was with the themed costumes, anyway? Is that Laken's way of giving me the middle finger? I would have sworn on my life that she loved me-that every part of her was genuinely into me-and now she's off doing who knows what with Cooper.

I bet she spilled the deep dark secrets of her imaginary past, and he chose to play along. In the beginning I considered it. Just something to pass the time until her true memory came back, but I knew it would be dangerous. He's hurting her in an effort to get into her kick pants. It just proves what an ass Flanders is. And to think, I felt bad about Grayson cheating on him earlier with Fletch. Some part of me wanted to believe Laken tried his blood just the once-one and done. I bet they're having a good laugh over what an idiot I've been all along.

Fletch comes over, looking wrecked-like he's had some serious carnal affection in that bathroom with Grayson, and now he's worse for wear.

"We're going to kill Flanders," I say, not giving a shit that Kres continues to linger within earshot.

"A felony in the making?" Her eyes sparkle. "Oh, Wes"-she purrs with wicked undertones-"prison colors won't do a thing for your eyes. Why don't you let that river rat have him? If she cheated on you once, she'll do it again. I bet they're doing it right now as we speak."

An image of the two of them tangled up in one another, laughing at me with their in sync costumes, grinds through my mind.

Shit. I shake my head, unable to process what's happening.

We went to the tunnels tonight. We shared something special. There's no way she's faking anything with me. Laken is just confused.

A few girls scream near the entrance as an entire group of people move into the party.

Fletch smacks me in the stomach. "Looks like we've just been invaded."

"It's those douches from Rycroft." Kres folds her arms and rocks on her heels. "Rumors were flying all week about some lame stunt they planned because they lost the homecoming game."

Grayson pops up beside Fletch. "Looks like they took the zombie route."

They grunt and push their stiffened limbs well into the common room. The crowd goes ballistic with people shoving and pushing as the furniture topples over.

A window bursts from behind, spraying the vicinity with broken glass as an entire legion of idiots stream in through the jagged shards.

"Shit!" Fletch jumps back, and his shirt catches the light with flecks imbedded in it.

"Get security," I snap. "I have to make a phone call."

I pluck my cell out just as I'm bumped from behind, and it goes flying.

"Shit."

One of the bastards from Rycroft grabs me by the neck and pulls me in with bionic force. Then I smell it. That distinct stench I've gagged on at least a thousand times before. My knee flies up like a reflex, and I manage to topple him right out the broken window.

"Get Cooper," I bark to Fletch. "These aren't idiots from Rycroft-they're Spectators."

Flanders bursts in through the room and turns on the lights.

"Everybody out!" He booms as if he were about to launch a grenade. He holds up a fire extinguisher and lets it rip over the crowd as bodies begin to stream outside.

"There's some more in the back." I pull Fletch to the kitchen, and we pick up our own extinguishing weaponry.

We spray down the room, covering the cowering menaces until all of them have hightailed it back outside.

I launch the metal canister across the room and shove Coop against the large framed window so hard the glass rattles around him.

"Where the hell is Laken?" I roar it in his face.

"Out there." He nods past the door.

From over his shoulder, I can make out the crowd dispersing, and girls screaming, as a few stray Spectators give chase. I toss Coop to the floor as I barrel my way outside.

"Laken!" My voice pierces through the icy night air as the fog blankets the area.

Edinger pops up wearing that sickly smile he dons like a disguise.

"Have you seen her?" I pant wild into the night. He knows damn well who she is. We've had enough conversations about her. He knows what Laken means to me.

"We've a situation, Wesley." He grins out at the scene as if he were conducting a circus. "Round them up and throw away the key."

"And how am I supposed to do that?"

"Promise them everything, then pull the rug from beneath them. Bait and switch, sort of like your sweetheart has managed to do with you."

I let out a growl and head into the crowd.

"Flanders!" I call to the bastard just as he speeds out of Henderson. "I want all of them gone, or I'm feeding you to them for dinner." I'm done shitting around the bush with him. It's about time he feels a little threatened. That's the underlying problem here. I made him feel too damn safe-coddled him like some damn pet. And the biggest mistake of all-I trusted him.

He squints into the forest in the distance.

"They're clearing." He shakes his head. "Flynn's rounding them up."

"Flynn?" I pan the crowd for him, but he's nowhere to be seen.

"He's one of them now. It's a long story. I'll see about getting him back. I'm dropping a couple of young ones off at the Transfer." He nods over at a little girl by the edge of the woods. "The rest will have to wait. Why don't you make sure Henderson's cleared out, and I'll meet you back there in a few." He darts his gaze into the crowd as if he's looking for someone. "Find Laken. Make sure she's safe."

I give a little laugh. I'm sure he's about to do just that.

"I'll kick your ass later, dude," I say, making my way back down to the dorm.

Why do I get the feeling I've just been played?

12

Digging for the Truth

Laken

Coop signals that the coast is clear. I peer out from the evergreen I've been sitting behind and watch as Wesley heads back down toward Henderson. It breaks my heart knowing Coop and I are working against him. If only he weren't so hardheaded, so brainwashed into believing everything the Counts had programmed him to-all of this could have been avoided-well, most of it anyway.

I take up little Kara's bony fingers-literally bony-skeletal in fact. Her skin has been eaten away on two of them. It sickens me to see her this way, knowing she was a sweet little girl and they killed her for the hell of it only to bring her back as this partial being.

"Laken!" A female voice reverberates through the woods. I signal for Coop to wait in the event he decides to launch himself into the Transfer without me.

It's Hattie. She's got a smile a mile wide, and I'm assuming it has something to do with her Spectator boyfriend, Flynn.

"I've exacted my revenge for you." She takes up my hand victoriously as if it's the best news ever.

"What revenge?" Suddenly I'm fearing for Wesley's balls. Wait-why would I want revenge against Wes? This makes no sense.

"Not Wesley-Grayson and Kresley." She nods, not bothering to hide the fact she read my mind. "I've hung them from the elm in front of Austen House. They said they had a noose ready, for you and for me, so I beat them to the punch." Her dark eyes sparkle with genuine pleasure. "You're forever free of their wickedness, Laken."

"Stay here," I whisper to Kara and push her toward her brother. "Cooper!" I wail his name as I run toward Austen House.

"What the hell?" he asks, catching up to me.

We speed down the hill to find a crowd amassing around the regal tree planted just outside the dormitory as two twitching bodies writhe from the branches above.

"It's so tight!" Kresley sings it out like a song written in dead minor.

Grayson makes a choking sound. Her legs kick through the air causing her body to spin in a circle. It's a macabre dance, a horrible wreck of a show that you can't take your eyes from.

Coop bounds up the tree like a lion and picks her up, slipping off the noose.

"What the hell happened?" Wes says out of breath.

"I don't know." I'm more than a little afraid to cop to the felony in the making.

Cooper lowers Grayson to safety before traveling back up to get Kresley. A branch snaps and sends him sailing to the ground, flat on his back. The rope holding Kresley cinches. Her entire frame goes rigid as she spins like a top.

I push my way beneath her and jump up on Wesley's shoulders without thinking twice. My foot slips as I try to balance myself. I lean up and catch her feet and lift her just enough to take the weight off the noose.

Blaine claws his way up there. "I got her!" he shouts as he reels her over to him like a fish.

I drop down into Wesley's arms, and a look of sadness sweeps over his face.

"Are you okay?" He lands a gentle kiss over the top of my head.

"I'm fine," I say, landing back on my feet. "Crazy night," I whisper, glancing away. It pains me to look him in the eye. It's as if we've crossed a line and now we could never go back.

"Wesley." Edinger snaps as he makes his way over. "Did you witness the event?"

"I caught most of it," he says as the fog swirls around the two of us.

"Stick around, I'll need you for the report."

Coop signals for my attention before dodging behind Austen House and heading back up the hill.

"I left Jen up there." I motion behind me. "I'd better go make sure she's all right. She'll probably want to know about this." God, I pray Jen is somewhere getting busy with just about anybody. The last thing I need is her blonde mop springing up and ruining my lying streak. I hate lying to Wes. As soon as I free my family, I never plan on keeping things from him again.

"Hurry back." He pulls me in and presses a kiss over my cheek.

Blaine helps Kresley lie down on the lawn.

"What the hell were you two thinking?" he demands. "This stupid prank could have cost you your lives."

She shakes her head, denying his accusation. Kres clutches at her throat with one hand while pointing to me with the other.

Shit.

An ambulance screams its way over, and I push in one more kiss to Wes before taking off toward Sleepy Hollow. I don't turn around until I hit the hilltop and gasp at the horror of what I find below-Wes and Jen.

My body surges with regret, deep as the ocean. Wes knows I'm a liar. He knows just enough to hate me, and it kills me.

I glance into the woods at Kara's frightened face, her body in rags just like her clothes.

Screw it. I need to get my family out of hock and running back to Wes isn't going to help.

Cooper picks up Richard over his shoulder, and I do the same with Kara.

We race all the way to the granite boulders and melt our way inside through a series of wild vibrations. Wes wouldn't understand.

Cooper is the only living soul on the planet I can trust.

The Transfer appears around us, a little too bright, a little too loud as if all our senses were heightened just being here.

I plunk down Kara and straighten with a groan.

"You okay?" Cooper gently glides his hand over my shoulder before tracing my spine, causing my insides to lacerate in a fit of pleasure.

"I'm better than okay."

Coop leads us down a maze of white elongated halls, and we find the haggard old witch hunched over yet another one of her disastrous projects. Although, each experiment is Count sponsored, so I'm not certain how much blame I can place on her shoulders.

"More?" She looks surprised as she twists her shriveled frame to take them in. Her flaming orange hair wafts through the air like cotton candy as she inspects the two siblings.

"Richard and Kara." Coop conducts a brief introduction that results in a series of grunts all around. "Whatever you did to Pearl, don't do it to them." He looks dejected at the thought of hauling the two of them down here only to let them sit captive.

"New formula." Ezrina's eyes bulge wide and round.

"No," he says it stern.

"Yes." The hag's voice reverberates through the walls-through my body like a sheet of metal flexing in the wind.

"Maybe we can find some volunteers?" I clutch onto Coop trying to back us the hell out of this hostile environment. She's totally off her rocker. Doesn't Coop know he's supposed to humor the obviously insane? Never, ever argue with a nutcase who runs an underground body resurrection lab as her primary occupation.

"Flynn," Cooper says it like a revelation.

"Flynn?" I'm not feeling confident in his candidate for the new formula especially after witnessing the unfortunate demise of her last victim, firsthand.

"Can you house these two in that haunted mansion outside until we see if it works?" He inquires of the tight-lipped witch.

"Do." She motions for the lot of us to disappear.

Honestly, it just feels as if she's too despondent to carry out a complete sentence.

Coop and I lead them out of the complicated maze of glossy halls, out into the night and into the haunted mansion where a woman dressed in a full hoopskirt welcomes them with open arms. It's dim inside with the faint sound of the piano playing from another room.

"You'll be safe here," I assure them. "We'll be back as soon as we get Flynn. I know you're in good hands with Ezrina. Even if it takes a while to get the formula right, we're anxious for you to have your lives back. Not just because of our families, it's because the two of you deserve to be free from the bondage the Counts imposed on you."

Coop wraps an arm around my waist. "I couldn't have said it better myself."

Kara opens her mouth with a sense of despair. Her sad eyes latch onto mine.

I lunge forward and offer her an embrace that feels like it lasts a lifetime. Kara needed it, and, in a way, I did too.

Coop and I say our goodbyes and make our way back into the elongated hall of the lab.

"So what do you want to do now?" I ask. "It sort of feels like the whole night was a bust."

"Not really," he gives a sly smile. "How about you and I take a little trip? Name anyplace in the world, and I'll take you there right now."

"Is this a part of your Celestra ability?"

Coop sweeps the ground with his eyes-doesn't acknowledge or deny it.

Maybe this is what Wes meant by an ability the Celestra have that they're not aware of? I wouldn't put it past Coop to have already tapped into it.

"I know exactly where I want to go," I say it slow and seductive.

"Where's that?" He lowers his lids, and my stomach bites with heat. Cooper Flanders has the hottest bedroom eyes on the planet, and right about now I'm feeling pretty damn lucky to be in his line of vision.

"Cider Plains, Kansas," I say without hesitating. "Take me to the cemetery, Coop."

Cooper

A dismal fog greets us among the tombstones and overgrown weeds. The Cider Plains Cemetery isn't the most glamorous place to spend the rest of your coffin-dwelling days, but, then again, the boarders will never know.

"Who are we looking for?" I could guess, but I'd rather not.

"Wesley Parker." His name comes from her low, out of breath.

It's just north of midnight with the moon straddling overhead like a spotlight. Laken looks like an ethereal goddess whisking through the haze in her cheer uniform, her face scrubbed clean from the glamour girl look she was sporting earlier.

"He's right here." She kneels at a headstone, and I come around to get a look.

Wesley Adam Parker, In our Hearts, In God's Arms

Laken bows over the plot for a very long time. I rub my hand over her shoulders and pull her in until I'm holding her, wiping away the silent tears that fall for a boy who only ceased to exist emotionally.

"What can I do to make this better?" I'd do anything to stop this river of pain from ripping her apart.

Laken looks up through muddied lashes with a new resolve. "Get a shovel."

A dry laugh pushes through me as I press a kiss against her cheek.

"I knew we were going there," I whisper. "I'll be right back."

It takes less than ten minutes to get a pitchfork and a shovel from the back of the facility without a hint of high-tech security to worry me.

"You brought one for me?" She hops to her feet. Her face pleasantly surprised as if I brought her a slice of pizza.

"Nope-just something to break up the dirt. You just sit back and enjoy the view. I'll have this done in minutes."

"Minutes?" She balks snatching up the pitchfork. "I'll break up the dirt for you. We're a team, remember?"

If I didn't know better, I'd think she was flirting with me right here over Wesley's empty grave.

"What do you think we'll find?" She stabs the earth with a vengeance as if the soil itself were responsible for the carnage the Counts turned their lives into.

"A box, no box-don't have a clue." I pitch a few shovels full of dirt and make a nice dent in our grave robbing endeavor, only we won't be stealing anything-more like sealing Laken's sanity.

"And what if we find him?" She kicks down the pitchfork and twists it clockwise before plucking it out of the ground in a fit of frustration.

"Laken," I say it soft as a breeze, pulling her close to me. "Whatever we find, it won't change what we already know." I warm her in my arms. "You're Laken Stewart. The Counts tried to feed you another reality, another time and place, and you beat them at their own game. You're too amazing for them to hold back." I press a kiss into her temple and hold it there a good long while. I don't want to let go. I'd do anything to move my efforts south to her lips if she let me.

"At least something good came out of it." Laken tightens her grip around my waist and looks up at me through her lashes. "I met you."

Our eyes lock, and our breathing streams around us in a rush of heated fog.

Laken said she didn't want to be the girl that ran around kissing two different boys. That she wanted to wait and finish things off with Wes, but the rest was open-ended.

"Here." I help her out of the sinking ditch. "Give me another ten minutes, and I'll have this done. We'll have you back at Austen House before you know it."

Laken sits on the edge of the withered lawn and watches as I unearth one of Ephemeral's finest sons.

"Coop?"

I glance up as the fog blurs her out like a dream.

"I don't want to go home just yet. Tomorrow is Saturday-everyone sleeps in until at least three. I don't think anyone will miss me. How about one more day?"

A red blinking light, down the street, catches my attention.

"There's a motel at the corner. You can show me around in the morning if you want. Might spook the crap out of people, though." I hold her gaze and don't let go.

"The motel on the corner sounds perfect." She bites down a smile. "But no, I don't want to show you any other part of Cider Plains," she says it quiet, depleted of energy. "I just miss sleeping in the same room as you. Just knowing you're near makes me feel safe-better than safe. You make me feel like I'm with family, Coop, and I need that."

My heart soars. Family is exactly how I feel about Laken and not in the sisterly sense. At least I hope I haven't just been relegated to a brotherly status. No, I think she means something deeper, something far more sacred than a blood bond could offer-something with lifelong implications that involves sharing each and every day-mapping out the unknowable future together.

"I feel the same way, Laken." We hold our gaze, neither of us breathes-we just lose ourselves in the beauty of the moment. And a part of me wonders what exactly might happen tonight in that motel room.

I sift through the soil like pushing through a wall of concrete until the shovel thumps against something hard.

"You did it." She lies on her stomach and hangs over the edge of the brimming hole.

Another five minutes stroke by as I pry off the burial vault. It takes all of my Nephilim strength to push back the cement casing until finally revealing a casket-deep mahogany with a high-gloss veneer. Gold plates embellish the edges, and then it all hits home. Laken was there when they buried him. She saw someone, who was more than a friend, go into the ground and got back half the package in an alternate reality.

"This is it," I say, trying not to choke up over Wes of all people.

Laken sinks down next to me. The cool of night wraps itself around me like an ice bath as I wipe the sweat from my brow.

I reach down and crack it open a few good inches-no stench as far as I can tell.

"Go ahead, Coop." Laken grips my shoulder, digging her nails into my flesh. "Open it all the way. Quick like a band aid."

"Quick like a band aid," I say, yanking back the lid so hard I nearly throw my shoulder out.

Laken screams and buries her head in my chest.

"Shit." I bend back trying to distance myself from the sight.

The moon sprays down its gentle beams, and we carefully return our gaze to the boy lying peacefully in the casket. Wesley lies in state with his hands crossed over his chest, a dehydrated rose, black as night tucked between his fingers.

"What the hell is going on?" Laken turns to examine him. "That can't be Wes." Her voice quivers, but there's an underlying layer of anger ready to supersede any fear that might be lurking in her.

She leans in and touches his face.

"He feels..." She runs her fingertips over the outline of his features as if she were loving him, as if she were about to bend over and give him a heartfelt kiss. "He feels like rubber."

I want to tell her that's because he's a corpse, that most of them do because I've seen my fair share in Ezrina's den of horrors, but something's not right.

"Did he have a twin?"

"No." She shakes her head. "Not that I know of."

I reach down and touch my finger to the back of his hand, before picking up on the strange texture of his doughy flesh. I've manhandled a corpse or two, not that I'm proud, but something is definitely off.

I pinch his fingers between mine and give a hard squeeze.

"It's wax," I say, plucking off three of his digits like snapping a candy cane.

Laken lets out a tiny scream before examining the hollow sticks.

"Nice work." I pitch his falsified fingers back into the casket.

"Are you serious?" She picks up his hand and examines the hole in his limb. "They've thought of everything-leaving no casket unturned." She grabs onto my waist, and we sway over the supersized ball of wax while Laken tries to make peace with the fact she mourned over a decoy for the last few years.

She lets out a ragged breath and takes in the bizarre sight one last time before slamming the lid shut.

"Let's get out of here," she says as we climb onto the lawn.

I jump up beside her, and she takes one last glance at the tombstone of the boy she once knew.

"It's too bad he's really gone in the truest sense." She lets out a breath that buries us in a thicket of fog.

"I'm sorry, Laken." I slip my arm around her waist as we head out of the cemetery on this cool, Halloween night. I wonder how sorry I really am that Wesley Parker has morphed into the power hungry Count who takes blood from prisoners as if they were his personal possessions.

Nope. I'm not too sorry.

I plant a kiss over the top of Laken's head.

It's time to check into the Cider Plains Motel and hold the girl I love all night long.

Laken says I make her feel safe, like family-I plan on making her feel those exact things for the rest of our lives.

A grey-haired gentleman with a goatee and a beer to keep him company tosses me a key in exchange for thirty dollars. Laken waits outside, in the off chance he recognizes her. She says Cider Plains is the size of a thimble and didn't see the use in killing any more of its residents. At the rate the Counts are picking them off, the entire town might be renamed the Cider Plains Cemetery.

"You know"-she skips ahead, pulling me along by the hand-"I have an ex-boyfriend I'd like to torment sometime."

I give a little laugh as I pause at the door to our room-number 15.

"You mean, other than the one you just tried digging up?" I insert the key and freeze.

Shit. Did I just call Wes her ex-boyfriend? Way to kill a night.

"Sorry, Laken."

"No, it's okay." She presses her hand against my back. "I know what you meant."

We step inside, and I latch all three of the metal chains behind us in an effort to bolt us in for the night. Laken turns on the lights revealing a dingy room, orange carpets, a pea green bedspread with a rotary phone tucked on the nightstand.

I was sort of hoping it was a lights out, straight to business kind of night, even if the sum total of business consisted of holding her next to me. Holding Laken all night long is more than enough-for now.

"We did it." She beams a killer smile and crosses her wrists behind my neck. "I got into the tunnels, Coop. Now, we're just a few small steps from finding our families."

"You did great." I pull back my cheek. "But I have a confession."

"What's that?" She licks her lips as if what I were about to say were sexual in nature, and I wish it were.

"I scored a supervising spirit."

"You did?" She grips my shoulders and gives a congratulatory shake.

"Yeah, actually it's a long, sordid story, but I managed to get into the woods myself tonight."

"Coop!" She pulls me to the bed in her enthusiasm and hops into my lap like a habit. "Tell me everything."

"Here's the thing." I exhale hard looking down at the threadbare carpet. "I can't get into too many details, or I'll have my frequent flier miles revoked, but it's nothing that will hurt you-in fact, I made a special trip to the tunnels just to make sure nothing happened to you."

Her mouth falls open. She cups the side of my face with her tender hand, and it takes everything in me not to pull her lips down over mine.

"God, Coop," she whispers. "You didn't sell your soul to help me, did you?"

I press out a dull laugh and turn my face into her palm with a kiss.

"No. I promise you, no soul selling took place. Now, tell me what happened when you went inside."

"There was this girl"-she jabs a quick glance out the window-"she's beautiful, her name was, Skylar?" She searches her memory as if it were just out of reach.

"Skyla," I nod. "I met her when you left."

"Coop." She grips my hands. "She knew me."

"How did she know you?"

"She said she found me in the Transfer. That she tried to save me, and it didn't work."

"She tried to save you?" I search Laken's face as if it might have the answers. "Laken, she said she knew me, too."

"From that lab? The Transfer?"

"She didn't say, but if that were true I'd remember her."

Laken wraps an arm around my shoulder with her lips a breath away from mine.

This is it, do or die. I push in just a hair, and see if she'll bite.

Come on, Laken-bite, just this once.

I try to hide the lewd grin begging to take over. In a minute, there will be something in my jeans a hell of a lot harder to hide especially with her nestling over it.

"Um..." She glances down and clears her throat. "Maybe you can use that supervising spirit of yours, and we could go and ask Skyla a few questions?" She presses her lips together while sinking a glance at my mouth. "Then, of course, we can come right back, and we could figure the rest out later." Her chest pumps in and out like she just sprinted for miles.

"The rest out later," it surges from me barely audible, heated, just this side of insane. I take in a breath, trying to break out of my hormonal stupor. "Yes. Let's do this. They mentioned a place called Paragon."

"Wes says they're two years from the future."

"Okay." I glance around the room, Edinger said to think about it and believe-he'd do the rest.

Edinger? Laken laces her fingers through mine. I should have figured. I won't say a word.

I give a faint smile and touch my thumb to her cheek. You're so damn beautiful. One day I'm going to make you mine.

Laken lowers her lashes, and her cheeks explode a dark shade of crimson.

I think I'm already yours, Coop.

My heart thumps wild. I do a mental freeze-frame of Laken with the blush on her cheeks just for me, and my spirit skyrockets.

"Are you ready to go to Paragon?" I bring her hand to my lips and press in a kiss.

She gives a slight nod. "Skyla Messenger, here we come."

Wesley

The night drags on like some warped dream. I scour the campus for any signs of lingering Spectators, but mostly for Coop or Laken before heading back to Austen House. The scent of vanilla lies thick in the air and reminds me of Laken, the sweet smell of her hair. I know every last part of her. I could sketch her with my eyes closed right down to the very last curve of her effortless smile if I wanted. I've memorized her completely.

Moans emit from the couch, and my stomach lurches. Swear to God, if I find Coop trying to get lucky with her, I'm going to rearrange some body parts. I swoop over and spot Jen and Blaine getting busy, and my entire person sighs with relief. Blaine's got his mouth planted over hers as if he's trying to shove a sword down her throat.

I rattle a bowl of Halloween candy, and they snap to attention.

"Still no sign of her?" Jen makes a face. "I'll kill her as soon as she gets in. Are you sure she's with Cooper?"

I couldn't help but share my theory. It felt like I had my heart yanked out of my ass on more than a few occasions tonight. Worst Halloween ever.

"I'm sure."

"Sorry, man." Blaine pinches his eyes as if he's trying to stay awake. "There are other fish in the sea." My brother's attempt to calm me with his dime store analogy makes my stomach turn.

"There better not be for you." Jen bites him on the nose playfully. "Sometimes there's just one person, and you need to let them go to see if they'll come back on their own."

"And sometimes"-Blaine raises his brows, never taking his eyes off hers-"you need to fight like hell to make sure you stay together."

Fight like hell.

I speed out into the night. Cooper Flanders is about to have one hell of a fight because I'll be damned if I lose Laken, and I mean that in the most literal sense.

"Edinger dammit, do your thing," I shout into the powder white fog. "I'm desperate," I tone it down to a whisper. "I need to see Laken." I've asked him for favors before. I've begged him for things and have been denied, but I swear I'll be eternally grateful if he comes through this time.

I close my eyes and think of her-imagine where she's been, what she might be doing. The ground shifts beneath me. I'm already despondent by what I might see when I arrive.

Only in my nightmares is she going at it with Coop. And at the rate my nightmares have been playing out, it wouldn't surprise me to see just that.

Blaine's words come back to me like a cliffside echo. I need to fight like hell.

I'll never let Flanders win her heart while I still have breath in my body, or I'm not Wesley Paxton.

My back lands hard on soggy soil as if a giant picked me up and tossed me to the ground.

"Thanks a lot." I groan as I stagger to my feet. A light veil of fog drifts by like smoke. It's damp and cold, and for a second I think maybe I'm still at Ephemeral.

A row of crosses erect themselves from out of the ground, then a series of bulbous granite half-moons, each with their own inscription.

"Holy shit." I take a step back at the strange sight. A freaking cemetery? This is Flanders' destination date?

I turn to take in the landscape, and a fresh mound of dirt snags my attention.

"Crap," I whisper. Who knows what grave robbing scheme they've hooked themselves into? Maybe I don't have to worry about Flanders taking her to bed. If the misdemeanors keep piling up, the only place he's going to land her is prison.

I circle around the mess and glance down at the massive hole to find a dirt-riddled casket staring back at me.

I glance up at the stone inscription, and my heart bottoms out.

Wesley Adam Parker

What the hell kind of Halloween prank is this? Would Coop stoop this far to get into her pants? What the hell kind of demented idiot is he?

I glance around for clues, for reality, but there's nothing for miles with the exception of motel light blinking on and off in the distance. Cider Plains Inn. Free Internet. HBO.

Cider Plains?

An image of a ranch house, with a large barn in the back, bounces in and out of my mind.

I squeeze my eyes shut for a moment, and that hole in the ground pulsates like it's itching to swallow me in one easy bite.

"What the hell," I say, slipping into the open mouth of the earth. "Let do this," I hiss, pulling back the casket.

A pang of terror hits me like a train. A familiar face stares back at me, and I stumble as far as the dirt will allow.

"Shit!" I slam it shut as if the corpse inside were fighting its way out. My heart races-both my body and mind go numb. "There's no way she was right." I slip the coffin back open and force myself to stare at the monster that bears my resemblance.

A thousand excuses stream through my mind on why in the hell I've got a lookalike buried in a town called Cider Plains. Each excuse disintegrates to nothing. Every road to reason congests with the ugly truth forming around me.

I reach down to touch him, and my hand draws back like it met up with a snake.

His fingers have been gnawed off. I lean in a little closer. Snapped off? I touch his flesh, insert my finger in the hollow fold of his hand.

Shit.

"It's a fake." I huff a quiet laugh. My heart pulsates through my ears. My brain rattles around like a Ping-Pong from the fear and elation picking up steam. "A f**king fake." I pull back his jacket, tear open his shirt and pound my fist through his hollow mannequin body. Wesley Parker was nothing but a cheap imitation. He never existed and never will. I knew it. And, now, maybe Laken, knows it too.

A white square catches my attention, peering out from the inside pocket. It's a picture. I pluck it out and hold it up under the pristine moon glaring down from above.

A breath gets caught in my lungs. It feels as if all of gravity is pressing down over my shoulders.

It's Laken and me in the parking lot just behind the snack shack. Fletcher is in the background, photo bombing the picture with his hands spread wide, the fake look of surprise plastered across his face. I'm in my football uniform, and she's kissing me with her leg hiked up in the back like she did tonight with Coop.

I give a dull laugh. Then, in a moment, the world changes-the air, the fertile soil, the light scent of a storm on its way-it all feels far too familiar.

I don't play football. Ephemeral doesn't have a snack shack.

The word Hedgehogs is emblazed on the side of the helmet that dangles from my hand.

"What the hell?" I mouth the words, rubbing my thumb over the tiny print as if it might somehow magically change the image. I look up at the blank night sky and think of Laken. Where are you?

I close my eyes-try to focus my energy on where they might have gone next, and I can feel the scenery transform around me.

My feet land on solid ground, a door with the number 15 emblazoned on the front appears before me.

A large red sign blinks spastic to my left. Cider Plains Motel.

I glance out at the area. The old mill with its archaic silos in the distance, the bridle trail to the left of the street-I recognize this place. My head explodes in a photographic seizure as an entire series of still-lifes flash before my eyes. It all comes back to me in snatches. Laken and me in the park holding hands, a poor man's bouquet of dehydrated maple leaves cleverly hidden behind my back. Fletch and me in an entire montage to childhood-t-ball, running, fishing in a lake that would one day change our destinies.

My body begins to tremble as I take it all in. A fissure opened in my mind and now a flood, an entirely different existence is filling in the cracks. All of those thoughts that wadded just beneath the surface, those strange dreams that haunted me, those feelings of not quite belonging, all of them explained in an instance.

I launch my body against the door and begin kicking my way inside.

"Laken!" My voice echoes through the still of the night like thunder.

A car alarm goes off in the distance, taking up the slack for the rest of the world. All of creation should scream for the injustice that's happening here. There isn't enough rage in the world to convey how I feel.

I push into the door with my arm and think of Coop defiling her with his body until my Countenance strength kicks in. The door flies open as if it didn't want the beating to continue.

The lights are on, but the room sits empty.

"Laken?" I bolt to the bathroom and throw back the shower curtain.

They're gone.

I stagger back into the room and note the bedding looks rumpled, but nothing that indicates anything serious.

Maybe there's still time to tell her she's right-that I'm going to fight like hell to make sure we stay together.

I close my eyes and think of her, of where she might be and feel myself slipping away.

I'm coming, Laken.

The scenery fills in as a stone grey night appears around me. Towering evergreens line either side of the road. They drone on in rows like demonic shadows dipped in a fog as thick as the lies I've been forced to swallow. A lit sign wafts in and out of existence from across the street, Welcome to Paragon Island.

Paragon. That's where Skyla is from.

I step onto the silent highway and feel the gravitational pull as my body hungers for the girl I love-the girl I've always loved.

"I'm here, Laken," I whisper. "I can make this all better. I know I can."

We'll navigate this angelic minefield together.

Wesley Parker is back, and Coop better get the hell out of my way because there's not a damn thing he can do to stop me.

