Prologue

Stevie

I lie back and watch my dreams float by like a kite on a string. God sets them on fire, and I watch as they burn to the ground like defunct fireworks that never really took in the first place. Life is cruel that way. Here you are with all of your hopes and dreams as big as a ticker tape parade then you bite the big one with no real fanfare. The world spins seamlessly along as you fade into a distant memory. The end.

We all die. Really, it's no big secret. I crawled into a cave after tragedy gutted my young life. We did everything right. We even rallied for life with a candlelight vigil. When we were through, we blew out the candles and threw them into a metal bucket. It was beautiful and sad, but in the end we needed to clean up and get back to the business of living. Life just blows you out and throws you away like a candle, but God keeps the smoke that rises. That's the real you, the vapor.

My heart became an open wound. A hole that once you fell into, you could never come out. It was an unending abyss that pulled you apart, stretched you out, limb by limb, until you evaporated into a group of disorganized molecules. Life was merciless, and I seemed like the only one in on its macabre joke. It's tyrannical and cruel, and I wanted off this spinning blue rock. That is, until I met Him. He stepped out of the shadow of a flaming July moon and breathed new life into my soul. He covered my heart with his love like a membrane stretched over an open vessel. It happened. That crazy, maddening wine of the gods finally coursed through my veins. True love. I couldn't admit it. I didn't want to. After all, I was about to do something incomprehensible to him. But, for the most part, we kept each other very, very happy.

"I love you, Stevie Eaton. I promise, you belong to me." His eyes pour all of their heartache, all of their expectations into me, and I let a moment thump by without returning the favor. Instead, I cover his mouth with mine and drill my tongue over his like a corkscrew. I do want to say those words to him. I do want to tell him that he belongs to me and not that twisted scorpion he's ensnared himself with. But I don't want to give my I love you away until he knows exactly who I am-what I've tried to get away with. I want to say it the right way. I've done so many things backward. I've memorized every trail of misery this relationship could possibly have-and I've taken us down each of those thorny paths whether he knows it or not.

I'm so over the lies.

After all, his lie cost me a few sleepless nights.

My lie will cost him everything.

1

Mr. Fahrenheit

Stevie

Death has always been an obsession of mine, a toy that I couldn't stop fiddling with, a picture that hangs in the gallery of my mind that I fight hard to straighten. I envision my own death at some far off stage in life where I'm old and gray with family flocked around my bed like crows gathered for a morbid feast. There would be lanky teenaged grandchildren that would rather be playing the latest version of Candy Crush than watching an old lady give up the ghost-babies that gurgled and laughed without regard to how many breaths I had left in my lungs. But that's not at all how it happened. In life's cruel irony not only would I die far earlier than my ovaries could ripen an egg, but I bear witness to my own death while in another body.

The first time the Grim Reaper swung his sickle in my direction, I was thirteen. It was a sunny California afternoon with holographic clouds stamped across the sky like a distant memory, my feet sunk into warm, powdery sand. I spent the day bodysurfing with my sister when the undertow grabbed a hold of me. My body spun haphazard, jerking every which way like a ragdoll in the spin cycle. Strong arms plucked me to shore and life was breathed into me through the mouth of a beautiful boy.

The second time death came, I was too busy letting the wind run wild through my hair, fantasizing about that same beautiful boy-the way I invaded his mouth, the way my tongue naturally mingled with his before he realized what was happening. Death operates best when you least suspect it. You can ask for it to wait, but that just makes your soul taste sweeter.

Actually, it was Claire that death came knocking for. She always did have to upstage me.

"Call Billy Knoxville and tell him I'll do it." She pants the words out. The first sentence whispered from her lips in hours.

Six months ago, before chemo, when my sister still had hair-when she still had life in her eyes, she and Billy went on their first official date-the movies. The idiot had the nerve to ask for a blowjob afterward. He paid for her ticket, so, logically, the moron thought it was a fair exchange.

"What?" I gape at this pale, frail version of myself. Claire and I are identical twins, you couldn't tell us apart a year ago. We played games where we switched places and not even our grandmother could tell the difference. With my mother we expected it, but with Grandma we wondered. "I'm not calling him. He's a dork." I twirl her limp fingers in mine. "Sorry, sis, I don't do booty calls."

Her eyes close, soft and final as a casket. "I will haunt you for the rest of your life if you don't do this."

"Please do." I want to tell her that way I won't feel so damn alone, but I'm afraid to go there.

"He was going to be the love of my life."

"Billy Knoxville has mistake written all over him."

"Yeah, but he was going to be my mistake." She squeezes her eyes tight. "And now I'm going to miss out."

On everything I want to add but don't. Sex is simply a single thread in the grand tapestry of life that she'll be denied.

We had just turned sixteen. This was supposed to be our best summer. Instead, it's the summer the Lidagate Killer roams the streets of Los Angeles-the same summer Professor Denton shot and killed his wife just two houses down. Mom blames it on the heat.

It's so hot our bones melt inside our bodies, leaving us feeling like a sorry sac of skin. Death is waging a war in the city, turning up the furnace to unbearable levels, striking down the elderly as if dying itself had become a plague. My mother said the winds that came in from the desert had the ability to drive people mad-they blow in like an inferno and singe away your sanity until all you want to do is stalk the sidewalks with a butcher knife in your hand. But I know better. My mother always said my sister and I were children born from sin, and, now, it feels like the entire damn town is paying the price. My mother and her hunger for married men brought this madness into our lives-her disregard for holy matrimony is what blew in this death contagion.

My grandmother and I believed Claire might get better eventually. We would have painted the sidewalk in our blood with that truth all day long. My mother had recently grafted herself to the Way of the Covenant Church, so, understandably, we had a legion of pastors stopping by in a steady stream of righteousness. Their wives organized prayer vigils in the streets that vaguely resembled a wartime protest. They held signs and shouted at passing cars, honk for healing, proclaiming Claire's miracle to the heavens. My grandmother and I sat in lawn chairs at the park across the street. We watched the whole thing while gulping down Slurpees. Make no mistake about it-anytime a group of believers voluntarily organize a prayer vigil on your behalf, something is very f**king wrong. If you're lucky, they're simply trying to save your soul from the fires of hell, and, if you're unlucky, you're probably dying from some incurable disease, wasting away on a bed in your living room because you're too weak to climb the stairs to your bedroom. For us it was the latter.

Claire was dying. I held her hand and listened as the kind men from the Way of the Covenant told her how beautiful and fun heaven would be. It was a supreme day spa of the highest caliber where you could eat all the Slim Jims and glazed donuts you wanted and never get fat. You never had to sleep because night simply didn't exist-no bedtimes, no diseases, no hate, or hurt feelings. There were rainbows and beaches and castles-all of your dead relatives would line up to greet you. I sit with sober suspicion as each of them deliver their friendly sermons and smile into this disengaged version of my sister. I hope for her sake it's all true. And I believe it is.

I wait until the last of the celestial circus goes home and take both of Claire's bony hands in mine. Looking at Claire was always more fun than looking into a mirror until she evaporated from under me, and, now, it's like looking my own death in the face-and I was.

"I want to go with you."

"No." She tries to pluck her hands free, but she's too weak, and I'm too mean to give in.

"Yes. As soon as you go, wait for me. I've got a bottle of Mom's old sleeping pills I plan on downing. Don't go anywhere." I look into her dark-stained eyes. Her disapproval is so palpable, so real, it makes me smile. "It looks like I managed to piss you off." Something in my chest sings at the idea. I like that. Angry Claire is good. That means she hasn't checked out yet. Her breathing has been so shallow today. I'm half afraid she'll be gone by morning. "You'll wait for me, right?"

"Right." She closes her eyes. "In your dreams. That's where you'll find me, Stevie." She cracks an eye open to see if I'm listening, but now it's me who's disengaging. "Will you keep an eye on Billy for me?"

"No."

"Please." She pleads with those sunken eyes, her hollow breathing. "I'd do it for you."

"No, you wouldn't." But I know she would.

In the morning, Mom ambushes me into going to camp. It's only five days, and she promises nothing exciting will happen in the interim. We fight and argue, but in the end it's Claire who tells me to shut up and go.

"Just let loose and have some fun for once would you?" Her bruised eyes bear into mine. Her skin is pink with anger, but from here it looks like life, and that's all I want for her is life and more of it.

"Are you really okay?" I ask, solemn as shit. What I'm really asking is if she'd dare die without me.

"I'm really okay. I'll be here when you get back-in your dreams, Stevie." She gives a private smile when she says my name. "I'm a part of you even when I'm not in the room. You can never escape me. I won't let you." She swallows hard. "I love you. You're my best friend, my other half. Let me live through you. Let me die for you-and you live for me." Her bright blue bandana slips off, revealing her smooth head, bald as a melon, and my heart explodes into a million fragments. My grief floats through the air like a toxic cloud. Agony shaped bits of confetti splatter across the ceiling, the walls, making the kind of mess only a machine gun assault could leave behind, and I want it to. I want the entire world to see how messy death really is-how its stench eats up the room if it lingers too long.

In the end, Claire and my mother win out and I end up getting on that bus, traveling what feels like a million miles from home.

Camp is boring as shit. The only bright spot is a horse named Misty. I ride her every free moment I can. I let the wind comb wild through my hair, feel her trembling muscles beneath me as we thunder across the vast expanse of dry, cracked landscape-nothing but ribbon blue sky up above-God himself smiling down at me through the pale eye of the afternoon moon.

It's easy to pretend Claire isn't sick-that she doesn't exist at all. I'm an only child with normal parents who fight over the answers to crossword puzzles. They're the kind of parents that take me to the movies on Sunday, right after our traditional lunch of greasy Chinese. It's a beautiful picture, but it's empty without Claire. Not even my fantasies can flourish without her. Instead I think of that day at Shipwrecks-that beautiful boy pulling me out of the water and the way his mouth felt over mine. I ride with wild abandon and find solace in that stolen kiss.

When I get home, my mother breaks the news the only way she knows how-by shoving the truth wordlessly in my face. She waits until I walk through the door. Gone is the medical bed we rented-gone are the miniature amber towers of medicine that spread over the coffee table like a city. No bed, no pills, no Claire.

"Where is she?" I ask stupidly with a smile budding on my lips. It happened. The prayer vigil worked. Adrenaline shoots through my body so fast, blood rushes through my ears like the ocean in a seashell. We had finally done it-moved the mountain and threw it into the sea. The cancer was strong, but our faith was stronger. Any second now I expected her to bounce down the stairs, her hair miraculously long in just five brief days.

"Honey." My mother grips me by the shoulders-her wide eyes dart to each of mine. "We lost Claire."

"What?" Every inch of me stings at once.

For a brief moment I picture my sister lost in the maze of a forest, feverishly calling out to my mother, to me. Then a terrible ache starts in my belly and blooms hot in my chest because "lost" in this case means swallowed by death.

It's true. Claire died, and my mother had her cremated before I ever got off that bus. She loads my grandmother and me into the car and drives us to Star Point Marina where a nice man with a small boat takes us a mile off shore. The three of us sit shoulder to shoulder with my sister in a box between us.

Not a single tear blurs my vision. How could I cry when this was all some nightmare I would eventually wake up from? Mom and Claire were pulling the ultimate prank, but deep inside the real reason I was incapable of screaming out with agony is because I feel just as dead as she is.

Mom opens the box, and we're greeted with gray sand, powder, nothing but ashes and dirt. Claire was off somewhere eating a mountain of glazed donuts and left me all alone with this miniature sandbox version of herself.

"Go ahead, Stevie." Mom hands me a blue plastic shovel that belongs with some toddler on the beach, not with me, not buried in any part of my sweet, dead sister. "I want you to be the one to spread her ashes. She would have wanted it that way."

At sixteen I don't know a lot, but I do know she wouldn't have wanted it this way. She didn't want any of it. My mother has always been delusional-my sister's death was simply the culmination of her madness.

I pick up the box and marvel at the heft of Claire's remains-as heavy as a bag of cat food. That's all she was reduced to. Tears come. They fall freely into Claire's magic box as we intermingle once again to create mud and rain, our lives bisecting in a tangible manner one last time.

When we were born, they say we came out holding hands. That's how we wanted to exit this planet, with our fingers intertwined, ready to embark on our next adventure together. We were created in tandem. It was only fair we died that way.

"I don't think Claire would have wanted it like this," I spit the words into my mother, unleashing the demon inside me. "She would have wanted it like this." I hoist the box toward her face, powder-bombing my mother and all of her vitriol with my sister's remains.

The man chartering our trip lets out a horrible noise then pukes over the side of the boat. My grandmother slaps herself across the mouth, but I just sit and stare at this version of my mother, white as a ghost-wearing her daughter like a mask-looking like death herself.

Claire floats through the breeze like a swarm of bees buzzing upward as if she were finally set free. She was on her way to see the face of God-to eat Slim Jims and glazed donuts-stay up late in a world that knew no night, all without me.

When I get home that afternoon, my mother's sleeping pills are nowhere to be found. As one last act of sisterly love, she ratted me out to my grandmother.

She was never interested in taking me with her. Instead, Claire charged me with the task of living for her, but I'm too preoccupied with her death to hold up my end of the bargain. I torment myself just thinking about the exact second when it happened-when her soul snapped like a dry twig and set her soaring into the great unknown. My grandmother said it happened in the still of the afternoon. It was peaceful. Claire closed her eyes and smiled.

I wondered what I was doing at the time?

I bet I was on that damn horse.

I never rode again.

Seven Years Later

I thought it was fitting that on the night I planned on taking my own life, I fell in love. Not real love, but a wave of lust-filled infatuation that everyone feels for at least six months before reality claws away the glamor, and all you see is another shitty person staring back at you. But I don't have six months. I have maybe six hours give or take my patience to endure this spinning blue rock another second. It's turning out to be a seat-of-my-pants plan. Had I thought far enough ahead, I would have left a note for my grandmother, maybe a dark poem for my mother to brood over, but it's probably best they convince themselves it was an accident. It most likely will be.

Loud, harsh music bangs overhead like a toddler thrashing around armed with pots and pans. Bodies press up against me as I try to squeeze my way through the crowded room. The scent of new clothes mingling with expensive perfume nauseates me.

My father's investment firm is hosting a mixer in Breakers Canyon, just an hour north of Los Angeles. If you split the difference, you end up at Rigby University where I'm currently a senior. But it's the tail end of July, summer is in full swing, and not a person I know is willing to let the golden goodness slip through their fingers.

The party rages around me like the scene from some underground nightclub. Here I thought it would be populated with old men wearing beautiful girls on their sleeves like accessories, the smoke from their pipes choking me out hours ago, but it's unmistakably chic and modern, and all of the people are typically L.A. reconstructed-to-be-beautiful. I head for the door, and that's when I see Him-tall, black shiny hair you could admire your reflection in if given the chance, a pair of pale blue eyes that qualify as a color all their own. We've been exchanging glances intermittently for the better part of the last hour, sending a pang of heat through me like some sexual distress signal. Unlike me, he's never alone. I lost track of my half sister, Kinsley, hours ago.

Women flock to him like pigeons, in droves like he might possess the fountain of youth in his boxers, or, in the least, he's passing out a handful of dildos he's cast himself. If that's the case, I might be interested, or at least I would have been if I didn't have a date with Claire.

I inspect him further as he moves casually through a crowd of estrogen. A dark-haired girl with a wicked grin hangs off his shoulder, playing with his ear. Her lips curl up at the edges while her mouth hangs partially open, and I stare a moment too long as if I might be adding an oral fixation to my long list of disorders.

Crap. I need to get out of here. I need air, and a physical buffer between me and the nearest warm body by at least twelve feet. I'm allergic to people. Since Claire died I've been hostile and angry and an all-around nightmare to be with, on purpose of course. The last thing I wanted was someone to coddle me, tell me how sorry they were. I hated their empty words-their sympathy without borders. Still do. Besides, I've got a suicide to tend to and a sister to give one long ghostly hug. Just the thought of seeing her again sends a pang of relief through me. She's the only knife that could lance this festering wound. Without her I percolate with anger. But in all honesty, I sort of enjoyed the rage-the way it fueled me, made me powerful. I owned grief, made it my bitch. Just like I'm about to do with death. It may have caught Claire off guard, but tonight I'll be calling the shots.

I hedge my way to the door, inspecting the tangle of bodies for signs of Lincoln or Kinsley one last time, my older half siblings, or at least two of them. I have one more, a sister, Aspen-she's a bastard like me-children who entered this world through someone other than Daphne Lionheart, my father's first and second wife. He divorced and remarried her, much to my mother's horror.

Pearl Jam's, Alive, breaks out through the speakers, and Eddie Vedder's voice makes love to me, soft and unsuspecting-vibrating right through to my bones like a haunting lullaby. I mouth the lyrics as I inch my way to the entry of this goliath Mediterranean villa.

The double doors open out to the early evening, revealing a thread of pink clouds expiring in a line over a hot crimson sky. You can smell the brush fire that's ripping through Tujunga Canyon. The spice of the flames perfume the air like an overgrown fireplace. The sky bleeds red in retribution as if it were God's reverse gift to us. He burns the hillside to stubble, and, in exchange, he gives us a glorious mural to look at. I step onto the threshold making myself unsteady in my four-inch heels. Kinsley nearly choked when she saw I had them on. But I held true to my usual wardrobe staples of jeans and a T-shirt-no need to go overboard for corporate dingbats. It's not like I'm trying to impress anyone, well, maybe my father, but after twenty-three years on this planet, I think I'm well aware that's a fruitless effort.

The scent of raw, earthy cologne wraps itself around me like new leather gloves until I moan with approval.

"Beautiful." A voice rumbles from behind, deep as thunder.

My shoulders twitch with surprise, and I turn to find Him standing there-a ghost of a smile on his lips. Blue eyes, black hair-a face that demands the attention of every female in the room-he's gorgeous in a cutting way that slices right through to my bones. My insides squeeze tight-a quick pang sirens through me just being this close to him. Heat radiates off his body like the summer sun off a New York sidewalk, and I'm drawn to his warmth. He's massive, muscular, solid as sheetrock, and my fingers twitch just aching to confirm this hard-as-granite theory. He glances up at the sky as if he were having this conversation with himself, and I was simply listening in. The reserve of sunlight slices through his eyes giving off a reflective luminosity found in animals of the night. This one is a tiger. He's got those almond eyes, a full mouth he could devour you with, and I'm sort of hoping he will.

I follow his gaze to the pink puffs staining the blood-red sky.

"Beautiful?" I balk. I can't remember the last time I was truly impressed with anything or anyone. "I guess it's beautiful-in the government-is-trying-to-kill-me-chemtrail sort of way." I withhold the smile from blooming on my lips. Everyone knows that a blood-red sky means trouble, and, if my sexual intuition is right, that's exactly what he's about to offer. I take him in with his lean, mean I'm-going-to-eat-you-for-breakfast lewd hint of a grin, and my thighs quiver.

"Whoa." He connects his silver-blue eyes to mine, and a jolt of electricity spasms through me, quick and viral like the hot lash of a whip. "No need to drag the government into this." He grins as he says it. "That's no chemtrail. It's dragon's breath-everyone knows that." A deep comma-like dimple goes off in his cheek. He bears into me a minute too long as that amused look slides from his face.

"Go away." I turn my back to him and continue to admire the landscape. There's not a man on this planet who can chase me to bed with one wicked grin.

"Are you always so friendly?"

"Only to people I like."

He steps into my view, and I turn slightly to annoy him.

"So you like me, then." More dimples. "I'll admit I thought it might be an uphill battle."

"It will be."

"Then we have a future." An arrogant laugh gets caught in his throat.

"A future 'restraining order' if you don't get out of my way." Not that I plan on sticking around long enough to file one.

"My stepfather is a great attorney. If you want, I can introduce you. He'll need a ten-thousand dollar retainer. I have to warn you, though, he's a dick from the get-go."

Something warms in me when he berates his stepfather. His features soften as he gives a slight grin, and my insides explode with heat. Girls are still twisting in his direction, listening in, looking for an opening so they can interject themselves into our conversation, or lack thereof.

"Are we bonding over familial issues?" Why am I still speaking with him?

"Bonding?" He steps in so close, his chest sears my bare arm. "Finally, we're headed in the right direction."

"I bet you'd like to bond, wouldn't you?" I glance to his crotch then back to his guilt-riddled face as if I caught his penis in the nooky jar.

"You're the one who mentioned bonding. All I wanted to do was spout off a few wishes." He swallows a laugh. "I hear if you make a wish under a dragon's blood sky it has to come true."

Something in me stirs as he says those words. He's older, maybe ten, fifteen years. He has slight crinkles around his smiling eyes, and his full lips twitch as if they have a secret.

My heart hammers against my chest, trying to kick its way out. My adrenaline gives a violent surge until it feels as if my head is about to pop off, and I wish it would. Something needs to stop me from falling under the dragon's blood spell he's casting. But it's too late. I'm up for just about anything he has to offer. Nothing will matter tomorrow anyway because for me tomorrow will never come.

"Well then"-I clear my throat-"it looks like tonight was made for wishes." My face burns with heat as he watches me with those expectant eyes-that hungry, disconnected gaze I've seen before on a thousand frat boys. Mr. Dragon's Blood Wishes is fostering a hard-on, and it's becoming crystal clear that me and my skintight jeans are exactly what he's hoping for.

"I hear wishes have a better chance of coming true if you whisper them at the beach." He rakes over me with his amusement.

The beach ball is in my court. I could volley this mattress tourney any way I wanted.

I cut a quick glance to a fleet of Town Cars and limos knifed over the landscape in the barren lot below the estate.

"I don't have a ride." It's the truth. I came with Kinsley, and my only hope is bribing a valet to take me back to Rigby.

He plucks a lone key from his pocket and dangles it next to his white flash of a smile. A brown, paper tag is attached to the key ring.

I glance back at the valets with their white shirts rolled up at the elbows, their dark pressed pants and note he's wearing the exact same thing.

"Are you a driver?" I whisper deliciously at the thought he had slithered his way into my father's ritzy wannabe nightclub, trying to fornicate with the upper crust.

He raises a brow. "Yes, I am a driver." He shakes his head. "And I happen to be taking off for the night, so, if you want to head down to Shipwrecks, you're in luck."

Shipwrecks Cove is a fifteen-minute drive. It's saddled with rows of overpriced homes that have rooted themselves to the shoreline. My grandmother used to take Claire and me there until the great blue Pacific tried to swallow me whole, and then we never went back.

I consider this for a moment. It's my birthday. It's also the last night of my brief existence. The anniversary of my birth and death all on the same date. It's almost romantic. The worst thing, and, perhaps the best that can happen is that this stunning stranger wraps his strong hands around my neck and spares me the privilege of sending myself into the great beyond.

I blink up at him, flirting, assuring his hard-on of things to come. I'm pretty sure wishes are low on his priority list tonight. The only thing he's wishing for is me, naked in the sand.

"What's your name?" I snap as the words swim around us for a moment.

He winces before taking a breath.

"Ford. And yours?" He shifts, expanding his chest as if he just bent the truth. His chest swells twice its girth, and I feel smaller than a comma standing next to him.

"Stevie." I shake my head just enough as if I told my own lie right back. "Your worst nightmare."

His chest vibrates as he swallows a laugh. He holds out his hand, and I accept his thick, rough fingers over mine, like falling into a warm bath.

"Stevie-beautiful name for a beautiful woman." He rumbles it out with that lewd grin twitching on his lips again. His eyes rake over my body in a tactile manner, getting intimate with my every curve. "You seem more of a dream to me."

"Well, then, tonight is going to be beautiful," I assure him.

Here we are, just this side of strangers, ready to jog down powder white beaches, blowing wishes into a dragon's blood sky. We are hinging on liars and lovers, and I have a feeling tonight we'll be both.

In fact, I know we will.

Ford drives us down in a Town Car, and I can't help feel like we swiped it out of the lot. He doesn't strike me as a valet even if his wardrobe is playing the part. Half the guys there tonight looked like they could have parked my car. I give a slight smirk as I steal glances at his cut features, that inky dark hair that begs for my fingers to dig in and stay a while. I wish I wasn't so attracted to him. I've always steered away from pretty boys, not that he is one. He's much more rugged. His face is peppered with just the right amount of stubble, and he's got those bedroom eyes he can't quite turn down the volume on. A part of me wants him to like me, not just the girl in the skintight jeans but the heart and soul of who I really am, and I hate that feeling. I hate feeling helpless and desperate in wanting someone else's approval. I've tried that my entire life with my father and failed. Besides, it takes all of my power away, and I'm greedy with how I spend it.

We hit Shipwrecks, and he pulls into a short, brick driveway. The garage door yawns to life like the mouth of a sleepy giant. We pull in, and he waits until the door closes before killing the engine. A prickling fear comes over me as the last bit of daylight exits the small space. I glance over at Ford and wonder if death is going to come a little quicker, and in a far less glamorous fashion than I suspected.

"Hope you don't mind." His teeth ignite the darkness like a flash of lightning. "It's my brother's beach house. He's primarily based in New York." His cheek tugs to the side as if he were being sarcastic at the mention of this beach-house-owning brother, but I'm stuck on the word primarily and wonder how many valets are using it today. "Let's do this." He pats my knee, and I follow him into a bright-lit home laden with nautical decor, an expensive leather sectional and a TV the size of the wall.

"Nice place." It's opulent and far more pretentious than I gave it credit for after experiencing the overgrowth and peeling paint in the front.

"He thinks so." He smears it with a tired look and sums up his relationship with his brother with less than a facial gesture.

"It looks expensive. Your brother is obviously doing very well in New York." I'm probing. I want to hear him bitch about his minimum wage career-move in the car parking business-hear him moan about how people never bother to tip. In truth, it was his everyman quality that lured me here in the end. After living in my father's social bubble for the last seven years, a part of me craves the underdog just trying to claw his way to his next paycheck. In a world where everyone is handed a gold card upon graduation, it's pioneering to see that some people still have to pull themselves up by the bootstraps.

"He's doing okay. He thinks his boss is an ass." His dimples bury themselves in his cheeks, and that sweet spot between my thighs cinches.

"Who doesn't?" I run my finger along the matte limestone counter. "I have a brother," I offer unprovoked. "Two sisters." I leave Claire out of it for now, but I can feel her bubbling to the surface, demanding to be a part of the fornicating folly that's about to take place. She wanted to sleep with Billy Knoxville on her deathbed, and I wouldn't let her, and, here I am, on my proverbial deathbed about to upgrade miles above Billy Knoxville. She must be pissed-either that or elated for me, and, knowing her, it's the latter. My final night will be robed in ecstasy, with my limbs wrapped around this beautiful man. I can practically feel Claire rolling her eyes, accusing me of catching all the green lights. "I'm not a part of the core, though." I shrug as he motions me through the double slider, and we step onto the porch. The menacing Pacific slaps me in the face like the hand of God. It's brilliant, and mammoth, deep as it is wide, angry as it is strong. I trap a salted breath in my lungs as the panoramic ocean unfurls before us like a scroll. I've stepped into a dream-nothing but miles of snow-white shoreline-the hard line of the Pacific roaring to life like a lion threating to devour us.

"The core?" He lands his arm around my waist as we begin to walk along the sand, and, oddly, his hand warming my hip feels natural. I pluck off my heels and hinge them in the crook of my fingers.

"The core consists of my father's true children, Lincoln and Kinsley. Lincoln works for my dad, and Kinsley is trying to kick her way into acting by way of her Louboutin stilettos. Then there's Aspen, the brooding artist. She likes exclusive things. Her nightgown was hand sewn by Amish teenagers. She won't wear jewelry unless it's made by women in Africa selling it to make a living. She's very ecologically sound-whatever that means. But for the most part, she's amazing-very talented, married to a man who thinks he acquired her to his personal collection just like he did her art. Aspen and I are the unwanted counterfeits-the products of my father's multiple affairs. He's quite the lady's man much to my stepmother's horror."

He barks out a laugh as if I just told a mean joke.

"No, really it's true. I've spent all my life trying to get into my father's good graces." I pull him in like we're a couple, and his cologne rolls over me, warm and spiced, subtler than it was earlier. "The core even looks like my father, blonde hair, blue eyes. The rest of us are literally from the dark-side-raven-haired beauties." I give a little wink and feel cheesy about it. I don't think a major seduction is needed on my part but I'm anxious to move the show along, to have his mouth sinking over mine, his body deep inside me.

My face floods with heat, and I force myself to look at the ocean with its furious whitecaps slapping against each other ten feet offshore.

"Chestnut." He leans in and takes a sniff. "You have chestnut hair, deep red highlights that reflect the sky." His features dim like he's telling the truth, but he doesn't want to. "And I definitely agree, you are a beauty."

"Yeah, well, I couldn't look any less related to my father if I tried." I never could take a compliment. "He's as greedy with his Nordic genes as he is with his money."

He laughs again, and my hip bumps against his leg as we walk.

"You said the rest, how many more are there?"

"My twin sister, Claire." And there she is. I knew it wouldn't take long. "But she's gone now."

He pauses for a second, inadvertently pulling me back. "I'm sorry to hear that."

"So am I." My eyes widen as I glance down at the sand with its impossible divots every few inches. It's thick and cool and far more uncomfortable to walk through than I remember. "Anyway." I shoot a quick glance to the ocean and omit the fact I'm planning a reunion. "Tonight's my birthday." I shake my head at how pathetic it came out-how unbelievable it sounded.

"No kidding?" He pauses again, and this time I stop, too.

"No shit."

Our eyes lock as the wind steals the neatness from my hair, making it dance like flames toward the dragon-red sky.

"Happy birthday, Stevie." His lips twist with a wry smile, and, for a minute, I think he's going to kiss me. "Name anything. I'll make sure it happens." He takes up both my hands and swings them between us. There's something comfortable about him, familiar. He's gorgeous, and kind, and perhaps a serial killer, but, sadly, I'm okay with anything he has to offer.

A shadow catches my eye from over his shoulder. A tall, dappled horse plods its way down the beach in the opposite direction.

"I want that." God, I haven't ridden since that day, since Claire died. My heart detonates at the prospect. "I want to ride. Right here, tonight."

"Done." He speeds us over three houses down and walks straight into a makeshift barn. He saddles up two gorgeous steeds and helps me onto the black one that gives off a blue cast in the dim light of the stable.

We ride out onto the sand as the poor beast's hooves sink, leaving me gyrating unnaturally. My body rotates in rhythm to the saddle, up and down, grinding my hips in rotation, steady like a gear.

"So did we just horse-jack these babies?" I'm only half kidding. "I'll admit when you said you'd give me anything, my adrenaline spiked. And now here we are, horse-knapping. I always did get a rise in taking something that wasn't mine to begin with." Usually that consists of borrowing my roommate's sweaters. I've yet to add a mammal-related felony to the list.

"I promise we're allowed. The owners rent the stables in hopes the locals will take them out for a ride and give them a workout. Works like a charm." He holds up the reins.

"Wow. I wonder if I leave my running shoes on the porch if someone will wear out the soles for me?" That was dumb. "I always did hate working out." Hand to God. "But I bet you'll make it enjoyable." I bat my lashes quick as a butterfly trying to escape a jar. "That's what tonight is about, right?" I run my gaze down his body slow as tar and just as scalding.

His cheeks pull back with a quick grin. "I thought tonight was about wishes and horses. But, hey, you're the birthday girl, and I did say anything. I think my brother has a weight room in the back. I can help you with some curls and pushups if you want."

"Ha ha. I forgot to laugh. Are you always this funny, or is this something you have to rehearse in the mirror before crawling into bed at night?"

"Oh, sweetie"-his head tilts to the side-"there's not a darn thing I have to rehearse before crawling into anyone's bed, least of all mine."

"Is that where the magic happens?"

"That's where the miracles happen. But if you want a magic show, you got it."

We plod toward the damp shore where the ride becomes smoother, and I can feel the horse relax beneath me.

"I think it's time to test out your magician skills, cowboy-see if you've got a miracle or two left in you for the night." I nod over at a defunct pier in the distance. "Last one in has to stare at the ceiling."

"The ceiling?" He cocks his head before his eyes widen with the epiphany. "The ceiling."

But I'm already gone, racing down the waterline, the wild wind screaming through my hair, shouting at me to turn around and ride all the way back to Rigby and pretend this day never happened-avoid this night like the STD plague it might turn out to be. Maybe buy a cupcake on the way home and stab it in the heart with a candle.

"Stevie!" Ford's voice cuts through the wind with a warbling roar. It sounds lonely and distal like the cry of a desperate lover who lived a thousand years ago and found a way to rip open time, making his way back to me. I can picture it, our unstoppable, incurable love-the angst of it all. A part of me has always yearned for that, belly-burning, chest-squeezing infliction. To become so inexplicably dependent on someone else's heart, their smile, that it literally drives you insane. I guess I expected it on some level, after all, that's the story of my mother's life in a nutshell. She always said love was a dangerous plague once it found you-with no cure and certain death in the end. But I romanticized her black and white notion. A part of me chose to believe love had the ability to walk right over death like a stone in its path and endure for the expanse of all eternity.

"Stevie!" His voice booms over my shoulder, dark and menacing like a tornado twisting up alongside me.

Ten bucks says he thinks the horse got away from me-that I'm some damsel in distress in need of rescue. I laugh at the idea. I'm the furthest thing from it. I'm no damsel. I'm a miserable bitch through and through. My heart turned to cinder the day I tossed my sister into the wind. I've been hell-bent on revenge ever since, and had I not decided to execute myself this fine dragon's blood evening, I would have exacted that revenge by pulling the rug out from under my father's most prized company. I've dreamed of ways I could impart just a thread of the misery he's imparted on me and my long-dead sister. That constant ache of wanting to belong, to be claimed as one of his own has been a never-ending loop. My mother, although just as much to blame in my eyes, would be tougher to nail to a wall. She blew through the earnings she received from the bestseller she wrote, rented out the home my sister and I grew up in, and currently lives in a Yurt with her new boyfriend. Her, I do my best to ignore.

But tonight Claire is out there, up there in the blood-red sky, waiting. The pier fast approaches as the waves crash over the shore-white monsters, roaring out their defenses before falling helpless to the sand. That's all we were as people, hollow monsters, shouting to be heard only to fall helplessly into the mouth of the earth in the end. Death is the only true common denominator. Birth is simply the first step toward your shared destiny.

The pier comes up quick in jags. The horse tenses as if it knows it's time to slow down, to relent from this game of slicing through the wind. I pull hard on the reins, steering us toward the angry ocean. Ford shouts something garbled, something faraway and frantic as I beat my legs against this restless steed. A wave pounces over us, and the horse bucks, nearly landing me backward into the water. She falls back on her hind legs and flops forward just as a strong arm swipes me off the saddle.

In a swift, herculean move, Ford pulls me over his lap and buries his face in my hair.

"Shit!" He pants it hot over my scalp. "You okay?"

I look up at him, the red sky reflecting in his eyes like blood-filled mirrors. His dark brows spread out and up like wings in flight, and, for a brief moment, I'm grateful that he stopped me.

"I'm okay," it croaks out of me, unsure if I've ever been okay. "Told you I'd be your worst nightmare."

He gives a little laugh as his chest expands and retracts, cutting the landscape in half with every other lungful. His face presses against the burnt orange sky like a cutout silhouette of a romance novel. A dull ache stirs in me to have this beautiful man. I pull him down by the cheeks and crash his mouth to mine. His lips brush hard before his mouth falls open and lets me in. My tongue does a pirouette over his, and then he's on me, in me, drilling for oil, f**king me with his tongue, filling me with the promise of sixty nine lewd acts that he's ready to impart. His touch softens. He's making love to me, pulling me in with desperation, delivering deep, sensual kisses as if we've waited an entire millennium for this very moment. This is the kiss of the ages, the kiss of my brief lifetime, right here under the dragon's blood sky, making wishes for a someday that I would never own.

He wraps my horse's reins around his wrist and leads us out of the water.

"So I guess I watch the ceiling." His dimples dig in deep and a fire touches down in my stomach at the sight.

"I guess you do."

"Who are we kidding?" His lids hood low. "I'll be watching you."

"Do you like Zeppelin?" He thumbs through his phone trying to find just the right mood music to f**k me to. It's almost romantic. I sigh as I fall back onto the mattress. Oh hell, it is.

I imagine this is where things get awkward. I've never actually had a one-night stand, but I'm betting most of them are fueled by alcohol and far less analytical behavior than we're currently demonstrating. First off, we've both showered-separately. I'm currently wrapped in a fluffy white towel, and he's wearing the same, low across the waist with the threat of falling off. We've gone from strangers on the beach to an old married couple about to have their Saturday night special in a single bound.

"I don't know." I bounce over the bed, and my towel unhinges, exposing the entire left side of my body.

He extends his gaze and suppresses the smile already pulling on his lips.

"Do you think we have chemistry?" It seems fitting to ask since there's a three-foot clearance between us.

His chin inches back as if he were baffled. The room fills with sappy music as he sets his phone down and snaps off the lights. Moonlight floods the room in watery hues, giving it a haunted appeal that makes me moan with approval. Ford glides in beside me, sans the towel, and my eyes snag on that dark shadow at the base of his hips.

"Wow, you really are a magician." I run my finger down his happy trail and am shocked to trace out his hard-on, already locked in its upright position. Dear God. My fingers retract as if pulling out of a fire.

"My brother is the magician in the family." He takes up my hand and replaces it over that iron rod pointing at the ceiling. His eyes stay on mine, forcing me to look at him as my fingers curve over him-his skin soft as velvet. A series of prickling shockwaves trace up from my fingers. He offers a brief smile as he plucks the towel from my body like swiping a tablecloth from under fine china-his smile broadens-not a teacup out of place.

He's still looking at me, locking eyes in the moonlight with those luminescent beams of his, watching me as I wrap my hand around him. Ford pulls me on top of his body until his hot breath burns over my forehead. His skin singes against mine, his very naked skin, and every one of my cells detonates from his touch. His rock hard abs, his manhood scraping against my thigh, the rough hair on his legs gliding over mine-I soak it all in. It's as if Ford's body is the exact thing mine needed to finally breathe.

"Your brother's a magician, huh?" I tease, giving his ribs a quick squeeze in the process.

"A lousy magician at that. Vegas vomited him back about six months ago, and now he works for me."

"As a driver?" I tilt my head, endeared by his blue-collar endeavor. After years of slogging through my father's expensive boarding schools, then moving to over-privileged Rigby, I've grown to yearn for my own people, the working class universe from which I was born and bred. I was nothing but a fake in the world of dollar signs and designer purses. That was Kinsley's domain, never mine, never Claire's.

"It's not important." He lands his hot mouth in my hair and rolls his face over my scalp. "You're important." His fingers glide up my thighs and dig into my hips. "This is important."

"I bet you say that to all your pointless sex encounters." I pull back and drill my gaze into his because a part of me is daring him to say it's not true.

"I say it when I mean it." His Adam's apple dives then corks back up. "I promise you, there will be nothing pointless in what we're about to do." His fingers slip down my thigh, touch that tender part of me that's been aching for him all night, and I gasp. "In fact, I'm about to make the first major point of the evening."

I push his wrist away and back up an inch trying to catch my breath.

Crap. He would've had me quivering over his palm by now if I didn't stop him. I'm right there, teetering on the brink of peak arousal-ready to shake out all over the room with one more wayward glance.

"Admit that this is nothing but a one-night stand, or don't pass go." I pin his arms up over his head, and his chest rumbles with a dull laugh. "I want to hear you declare my nothingness with your own lips, or else I might get carried away and explode into tiny pink hearts all over the nice clean walls." It's my way of saying I don't buy into any love-struck fantasies. The human heart was designed in the shape of a fist for a reason.

"Who said anything about a one-night stand?" He shakes his arm loose and reaches past me before holding up a square foil packet. "I plan on keeping you hostage for days."

"Very funny." I snatch the foil square from him and flick it across the room. "I'm on the pill." I lie. The thought of barreling into paradise with a baby in my belly pleases me to no end. I think Claire would get a kick out of it, too-sort of a fleshly memento from this dark, twisted planet.

He falls back on his elbows, and I watch as his features morph from godlike, to angelic, to downright demonic.

"What planet are you from?" I trace out his brows, and my insides quiver. This man drips sex like honey. Hell, he's sex on a stick with a body designed for pleasure. How the heck did I get so lucky?

"Krypton." His smile slips right off as he continues to study me in the shadows.

Krypton. I shake my head.

"I'm not calling you Superman if that's what you're hinting at. You have to prove yourself to me first." I tickle his ribs, and he flinches as those dimples embed deep in his cheeks. "Besides, I was sort of hoping for the Hulk. I wouldn't mind being manhandled a little tonight. I like my men a little rough around the edges, slightly dangerous, and green with envy."

He belts out a laugh. His eyes skim over my features. His brows narrow with a hint of sadness.

"You do this often?"

"Only on days that end in Y." There I go, pouring out lies like fish from a bucket.

"I call bullshit." He leans in and takes a bite of my earlobe. My entire left side erupts in flames.

A dull moan escapes my throat, and he rumbles with a quiet laugh.

"That's the sound, Stevie. I want to hear that all night long." His fingers bounce up my thigh, tracking to the curve of my hip before fully cupping my breast. My heart ticks like a bomb. My legs tremble for what's to come.

His fingers glide to my ni**les, smoothing over them, slow and soft like an erotic feather massage.

I drop my head back and let out a stronger, viral groan. This is electric-something just this side of ecstasy that's already enlivened every last nerve in my body.

His hand slides back down my belly, straight to that intimate part of me.

"Open your legs," he says it stern like a command, and my knees part without hesitating. He runs his fingers over my sweet spot, his eyes still fixed on mine. "I want to see if you're ready for me." He gives a quick circular sweep with his thumb before slowly inserting two fingers deep inside me, and I'm gone. A strangulating sensation spirals all the way up my body like a hurricane gaining momentum, escaping through my throat by way of a moan.

My eyes clamp shut, my mouth fills with cotton, and, before I know it, Ford has me over his hips, impaling me with that steel scepter of his until it feels as if he's about to burst through my stomach. A white-hot pain sears through me as my body stretches to accommodate him. I give a hard bounce and feel the pain ricochet through me like a gunshot. I want this to hurt. I want all of my pain to manifest itself physically tonight. I'm so damn tired of bottling it up and saving it for someday.

I swivel my hips over his body, slow and smooth like a belly dancer, rolling my head over my shoulders, from one end to the other until I'm drunk off this newfound madness.

I've only slept with two other people. The first time I was drunk at a frat party. I gave my virginity away after a rousing game of beer pong in a room with two other couples engaging in their own carnal depravity. The second time it was with my study partner from Business Law. We were pulling an all-nighter that ended with him grunting over me in the closet so as not to let my roommate in on the action. Pathetic. But this man-Ford, growls beneath me, his fingers hook into my thighs so hard I can already feel the bruises forming beneath him. And I want them. I want all of the scars, all the broken blood vessels, the broken heart he's willing to give me. This is ecstasy. This is bliss.

His hands glide to my hips, and he dives me hard onto his body, merciless, unforgiving, the way you would throttle a one-night stand, not someone you were starting to see a future with. He rolls me over until my head falls soft onto the pillow.

"Hey, I believe I won the bet."

"You did." He presses a molten wet kiss onto my temple.

"I'm starting to think you're a sore loser."

"I am."

He takes me wild and animalistic, like a savage who has something to prove in a tribal sense. He pulls out and flips me over, raising my hips in the air, leaving me wide and vulnerable as the breeze licks between my legs. He takes me that way too, nothing but flesh slapping against flesh, about as romantic as two-dollar wine. I was worth a fistful of stale bubblegum instead of imported chocolate. I knew where I stood from the beginning.

He pauses, pulling out slightly. For a second I think he's about to switch targets, but he wisely stays on home plate. He pulls out and rolls me onto my back, pressing my knees to my chest, burying kisses where his dick was a second ago.

I grip the sheets. The room pulsates like a heartbeat. My head pounds in rhythm, and my breathing picks up. An entire series of foreign sounds emit from my throat. I'm gaging-crying-screaming all at once. The world collapses over itself like a dying star, and I let out a cry that I've held in my lungs since the day I found out my sister died. Ecstasy and horror all mixed in one. It's true. She never leaves my mind, not even now could I escape her. I've never screamed like that before. I've never felt such a rush, such relief-such a swell of existence. This gorgeous man, this Hulk, this Superman, has pushed me into paradise, and now there is no turning back.

"Ford." I clench my legs over his head like a vice and push his mouth off me.

"Happy birthday, Stevie." He pries my legs open once again with a grin as wide as the sea. He's panting, sweating, his hair is perfectly messy, and it sets me off like a siren again.

Ford kneels in front of me. The cool air hits that heated spot between my thighs as I fight to shut them. "Nope." He gives my leg a gentle tap. "My turn." Ford plunges in, and my body ignites like a parched hillside. I tense over the bed and watch through slotted lids as this beautiful man hammers his way into my life, one wild thrust after another. He's watching me watching him until his head arches back, and he groans, pulling my hips into his with the strength of a demon. His fingers bite through my skin, digging deep into muscle, right to the bone. He lets out a roar and one final heaving breath before collapsing on top of me. His hot mouth finds mine, and we kiss and pant into one another for what feels like a comfortable eternity.

"Did I do it?" He buries a kiss on my neck.

"Do what?"

"Earn the title, you know-Superman."

"Ha!" I laugh right in his ear. "No." I'm not up for stroking his ego just yet.

His chest rumbles with a laugh. "That's okay, I like a challenge."

"Then you're going to love me."

"Maybe I will." His chest continues to pummel mine as the sound of our heavy breathing hacks through the silence.

Maybe he will. The idea resonates in my mind like a cymbal.

I think I've found something far more interesting than death, something far more enticing than racing into the Elysian Fields and holding Claire just yet.

I think I found something-someone, who can keep me very, very entertained.

A man named Ford.

Ford

Her body writhes under mine, soft, hot and sticky to the touch. I've never slammed into anyone so f**king hard. I thrust into her body with an all-out aggression like I was trying to save the world. I wanted to push through her, lose myself in her, keep up that alarming pace until the sky fell to the earth and time collapsed in on itself. Screw the company, screw every other day I've ever lived. This is the moment-this is the feeling-the high I want again and again.

My body locked up tight as I slammed into her that final time, and I let out a roar that unzipped the silence in the room. And then I did it. I shook out into her. All these years of being careful, of watching my step after what happened-I threw it all to the wind tonight for a beautiful girl with long f**king lashes-even longer legs, a sad smile, those haunting eyes. One blink in my direction, and I was done. I would have given her the deed to everything I owned if she wanted, and if she knew who I was she might have asked.

I hike up on my elbows and take her in with my chest flexing as if I had just swam across the Pacific.

"You okay?" I comb her hair from her face and watch as those tragically sad eyes blink up at me. In truth, I tried to give her an out. I purposely didn't attack her, maul her the way I wanted once we hit the beach house. If it were anyone else, I would have bent her over the couch the second we walked through that door. Hell, I took a shower all by my lonesome, half expecting her to be gone by the time I was through. I fiddled with my phone for a good fifteen minutes in the event she was trying to build up the nerve to let me down easy. There wasn't anything in me that wanted to take advantage of Stevie, not on her birthday, not on any other night.

"Am I okay?" A thread of sarcasm pulls her voice out in a drawl. I'm guessing the sarcasm is a permanent feature. She's a fiery one; I'll give her that.

Her searing hot tits press into my chest, and I take a quick breath in through my teeth.

"I'm just getting started," she whispers out the threat. "And you? Do you think you'll survive? Should we raid the liquor cabinet? Maybe check the bathroom to see if he has any Viagra lying around?" She laughs as she says it, curling her leg over my hip as if she's ready for round two, right on the spot.

"I won't be needing any liquor. And I sure as hell won't be needing any male enhancement products. Besides, rumor has it, you drink with that stuff and you end up with a boner in your coffin."

She bites down on her ruby-red lip to keep from laughing.

"They'd have to cut yours off, or the lid wouldn't shut."

I wince. "I think we went spectacularly off track."

She slaps my cheek gently before pinching my chin with her fingers and shaking my head.

"I'd still bang you if you were dead." She smacks her lips together. "You'd be hot either way."

"No death potion. Trust me, I won't be needing it." I dip my fingers into that wet spot between her thighs, and she shivers. "You're all the fuel I need to get me going." I tear a kiss off her lips. That kiss she gave on the beach threw me-the way her tongue corkscrewed into my mouth before settling in felt strangely familiar. I've kissed hundreds of girls at least, but only once did I experience anything like that before. I was twenty-three and had just plucked a girl from the bottom of the ocean. Evelyn was with me, trying to calm the girl's hysterical sister. I sealed my mouth over hers, pumped in air, and she doled out a kiss as if it were the plan all along.

She scratches my back to get my attention. "Do you know what I'm thinking right now?"

"What you'd like to do to my corpse?" I dot kisses from her ear to her neck. She smells like wild flowers, not the expensive perfume I usually choke on-just sweet nature, a breath of fresh air all the way around.

"Hardly." She slaps her hands against my shoulders and pushes me back a good foot until I'm towering over her. Her fingers run down my chest, dripping lower, stopping just shy of my hips.

"I'm thinking about food." Her lips form the perfect pout. "You think your brother will mind if we raid the fridge?"

"Mind? He doesn't have a say in it." I give her beautiful round bottom a soft pinch. "Let the raiding begin."

Stevie throws on my dress shirt without opting to button it, and I hop into my boxers. Her arm stays slung around my waist as we bump down the dark hall, tripping and laughing as if we were wasted.

The porch light goes on outside and illuminates the kitchen enough until I open the fridge. Nothing but two beers and a tub of margarine stares back at us.

"I'm betting he's thin." She lays her bare chest over my back, and I take in the feel of her soft tits molding over my body. Hot damn. This girl knows what she's doing.

"His brain cells are thin," I say, turning and wrapping my arms around her waist like they belong there. "He eats out a lot." I pop open the freezer. "Well looky what we have here." I pluck out a half-eaten gallon of ice cream with a frosty beard running down the side as if it's been in there for a year-probably has. "Do you like chocolate peanut butter ribbon?"

"Do fish love the sea? I need chocolate just to survive on most days." She plucks it from me and pops the lid off.

I pull two spoons from the drawer and pick her up in my arms. She lets out a squeal as the ice cream jumps from her hand a moment.

I tuck my head into her neck and nuzzle out a kiss. "You smell good."

"You smell like sex." She kicks her feet in the air as if proving her point.

"That's your fault, sweetie. And thank you by the way." I settle us over the rug in front of the fireplace and start a roaring blaze.

"No one in L.A. has a fire in July." She scoots in, using the couch as a backrest, and I slip next to her.

"Good thing we're not in L.A." I run a finger over the curve of her knee. "The AC's on, besides I want to see you." Her skin comes to life in hues of orange and gold just like it did a few hours ago under that bloody sky. Tonight has been like a whole different world, as if a portal opened up, and we stepped into a new dimension. I think I like this one better anyway.

"You want to see me do this?" She shovels a spoonful of ice cream in her mouth and moans. "Wow, this tastes like crap." She drops the spoon, and I pull her onto me until we're rolling over my brother's white shag rug, blinking into one another as if seeing each other for the very first time.

"Tell me something about yourself." I press a kiss over her lips as if I had the right. "Start from the beginning, and don't let up until you hit this moment right here. I want to know everything." My ego is hoping this moment is the best-the highlight in an otherwise sexually oppressed existence, but I'm guessing someone as beautiful as Stevie could put me to shame in that arena. Just the thought of an entire army of ass**les laying their hands on her makes me want to punch a hole in every wall in the house.

"I like to read food labels when I eat." A depleted smile comes and goes. "Cereal mostly."

"Fascinating." I give her thigh a soft pinch. "Give me something I can sink my teeth into. What should I know about you?"

"I'm a pretty miserable person-horrible actually." She says it plain like a fact. Her fingers knot up in my hair and stay there. Her lips invert and press white as paper while she considers her next words. "I already told you about my sister. She passed away seven years ago." Her cool hand glides up and cups my face. "I wear her like a scar-like a battle wound for the world to see." She takes in a breath and curls into me. "My parents are both living, but I admire orphans the way the poor admire the wealthy. They never married. My mother was the other woman in a long line of other women, and my father was never that impressed with my sister or me. He has a heart of stone. He's ruthless, and dangerous, and I still haven't forgiven him for Claire's death, which makes no sense whatsoever considering she died from cancer." She takes a quick breath. "My mother is insane. Not in the traditional wearing your bra over your shirt kind of way, she possesses a much darker madness. She's convinced the world that she's brilliant. She's a master illusionist. She could teach your brother a thing or two."

"A two-year-old could teach my brother a thing or two-or twenty."

A moment of silence slices by rooted like lead to her words. For a second I think about opening up about my own parents then relent.

"Anyway"-she shrugs-"I'm a senior at Rigby."

Senior. And there it is.

"I went to Rigby." Evelyn and all that bullshit she put me through bounces through my mind, and I let her bounce right back out. Not going there. As much as she'd love to infiltrate this night, there's no way in hell I'm going to let her.

She pinches my cheek. "I bet you were a frat boy."

A heartfelt laugh belts from me. "Right. I was the furthest thing from it."

"But the girls still came around, didn't they?" She plucks at the waistband on my boxers, and the fire snaps as if the flames were proving her point.

"Maybe. And I bet those frat boys are all over you." My chest fills with a heated rage, and it catches me off guard. I'm not the jealous type. Never was.

"Maybe." She lies on her back with her shirt falling open, affording me all the view any frat boy could hope to have. "Tell me something about you."

My stomach clenches. I wondered for the first solid hour if she were simply putting on an act. There aren't too many people, too many beautiful girls who don't know who I am these days. She thinks I park cars for a living, and every time I want to clear the air, nothing but silence comes from my throat. The truth is, I like it this way. A touch of mystery never hurt, at least for a little while.

I tousle her hair, and it sprays gently over her shoulders like dark feathers.

"I have one full brother, Carter. He's been as close as my shadow. My dad died when I was eleven. My mother remarried and threw a few half brothers into the mix, Carson and Cash. Then she took off one day, out of the blue, and my stepfather eventually remarried. He already had a couple older daughters. We rarely see those." I stroke her arm up and down as I scoot in close. "So, you see, I'm essentially the orphan you envy. The end." There, keep it simple. No need to start throwing my financials onto the table as if I'm trying to sell myself. Not like I haven't already had a fire sale. She got what most women want without so much as a blink. And I'd be lying if I didn't say I liked the fact she bought the package without a single dollar sign cluttering up the distance between us.

"Orphan," she whispers it slow, sexy-as-hell, as if she were dreaming. "I'm sorry about your parents."

"Don't be. I miss my dad, though. Miss my mom, too. The strange thing is we were all so close, so perfect. Dad died of a heart attack. And, after my mom remarried, one day she walked out of the house to run an errand and never came back." A sad laugh gets trapped in my chest. "My dad always gave the greatest advice." I leave it at that. If I talk about how great my mother was, I'll lose it. I cried myself to sleep for a year after she ran out on us. It hurt a thousand more times than when I lost my father because she didn't have to go, she chose to.

"Big family." She pulls her finger along my jaw as if drawing my attention back. "That must be nice. You bed any of your stepsisters?"

"God, no." I mess her hair up a little more and she gives me a perturbed look before combing it back with her fingers. "I have my limits."

"Oh, really?" She shakes her head with disbelief, a wicked grin tucked into her cheek. "What kind of limits did you set for me?" Her head tilts just enough to rest over my chest. Something in me melts for this sinfully delicious girl as we curl up next to a fire on a perfect Southern California night.

Her eyes hook into mine, and there's a layer of sadness superimposed over steel. Life has hardened her in the cruelest way, and my heart breaks for her.

"For you there are no limits." I mean every word. "Isn't that what tonight is about?" My hand sinks over her hip before settling on her thigh. "No limits?"

"No limits." She repeats, closing her eyes for a moment. "You should give me limits, Ford." Her head writhes over me as if she were trying to fall asleep. "You should give everyone on this damn planet limits, or they'll run you over, take whatever they can, then rip you out of their lives like a page from a book they no longer care to read."

I pull my fingers up over her warm, firm stomach, and she quivers beneath me.

"No limits for you, Stevie." I press my lips to the top of her head. "There will never be any limits for you." I bow down and steal a wet kiss off her lips.

She scoffs. "You don't even know me."

Disillusioned, lost her twin to cancer way too early, feels abandoned by both her parents-that last point hits home with me.

"I know everything I need to know."

"Well, then, that's your superpower." She arches a brow, and my dick perks to life. "You're a know-it-all."

"I am a know-it-all," I tease, pulling both her wrists behind her back while tickling her under the arms with my free hand. Stevie explodes in a fit of hysterics. "See? I knew you were ticklish."

"Stop!" She shrills through her laughter.

"You stop. You're going to wake the neighbors."

I continue my tickling tirade, and she screams twice as loud, piercing my eardrums, roaring out her protests deafening as a jet engine.

"Ford!" Her body convulses, trying to free itself from my grasp.

"All right." I blink a shit-eating grin. "If you're not going to be quiet, I'm going to have to make you."

I pull her in by the neck, and her mouth explodes in mine as if we're ringing in the New Year. The fire snaps, biting the air with its celebratory pops.

Truthfully, I had never had a one-night stand with a complete stranger before. I'm usually somewhat familiar with the women I've bedded. But something about Stevie said take the chance, roll the dice and see if the jackpot is as big as you think it is, and, of course, it's that much bigger. I could never have anticipated anything about tonight.

She's right, I don't know her, but I'm a thousand percent sure I'm not leaving a single stone unturned. This isn't some random hookup, some meaningless one-night stand. Tonight is shaking us out, spilling all the pieces onto the floor and forcing us to reconstruct them.

I scoop a handful of melted ice cream from the carton and smear it from her chest to her thighs.

"Oh?" She lets out a belly laugh, and I drink it in, thirsty for more. "Is that how this is going down?" She retaliates by slathering me with twice as much, and, before I know it, we're wrestling, slipping over the white shag rug and leaving muddy chocolate tracks in our wake.

"Your brother is going to kill us." She whispers hot in my ear as I pin her with her arms knifed out, holding her thighs open with my knees. Her hair is slicked to her face with a mixture of sweat and ice cream. Her teeth electrify the night with their bluish-white glow. My heart stops in my chest a moment as if giving homage to her beauty. I've slept with beautiful girls before, hell, I've slept with an army of them, but something about this one feels different, special, and I can't pinpoint why.

"My brother will have a new rug and a freezer full of ice cream by the time he comes back from New York."

A sweet smile presses from her lips. It's the first all night. There's not one trace of the sarcasm queen she uses as a shield.

"You are thoughtful." She grazes her teeth over her lip and lets it out painfully slow. My hard-on blooms back to life, full force, just witnessing the event.

"And you're anything but horrible." I sink a kiss over her mouth, thick and sweet as honey. We roll around that sticky rug like bear cubs, like tigers fighting to the death. We crash around that tiny beach house. The sound of our wild f**king rises through the night like a primal cry for help-like a love song.

I've slept with my fair share of women, thought I knew what it felt like to run a victory lap long into the night, but Stevie and I are rewriting the rules. I knew the second she gave me that crooked grin the playbook was tossed out the window. There was a distant glint in her eye that said she could take or leave me, and, at the end of the day, it was her indifference that made me want her that much more. I had a dozen women I could have brought here tonight, hell, I could have brought Evelyn, almost did. But I'm damn glad I didn't-catastrophe avoided. I'm glad the birthday girl decided to glance my way. Odd, though. It's not something too many girls would consider on their special day. But she did, and I couldn't be happier.

One night turns into two, then three. I convince her to stay an entire week, then half of the next. Nothing but nonstop love making, swimming at midnight in the icy Pacific, building sandcastles under the three quarter moon-her perfect ass planted over my body 24/7. I've had her in the kitchen, the bathroom, the living room, on the sand, the porch, the hood of the car for kicks. And I love having her every f**king minute. This girl never complains, she never says no. I've never met anyone like her.

"School starts next week." She gives my ear a quick tug as the evening sky turns a velvet shade of burgundy. We plant ourselves on the porch just watching time slip by quick as the wind. "Our honeymoon is coming to a close, sweetheart." She drips with irony, and I eat it all up. I'm used to girls being on their best behavior around me. Either too sickly sweet or just plain faking nice. Not Stevie. She's a pistol that's not afraid to dole out a whipping twice daily. And, for the love of God, am I ever whipped.

"I like to think of it as-to be continued." I brush a quick kiss off her lips as I pour us each a glass of champagne we picked up at the local supermarket. We made a midnight run after that first night and stocked up like we were preparing for the apocalypse. Nothing like grocery store sushi and chocolate bars to meet our nutritional needs-of course, we can't forget the endless supply of ramen noodles. We swept the store clean of all of the above. The California rolls were nothing but fake crab and gelatinous rice, just a notch above the shit they serve at the gas station. I'll have to take Stevie out for something more authentic once we reenter the land of the living-maybe fly her to Japan for lunch. "I guess next comes the real world for you and me." I've been wanting to discuss it. Hell, I've been wanting to discuss a lot of things, but my balls don't seem up for the challenge. They're too afraid to ruin a good thing, and I can't say I blame them. This has definitely been a good thing.

"You think we can handle that?" She nods out at the ocean as if it represented society as a whole. The angry, mocking sea-hostile as most of L.A. with its constant churning waves like a steady stream of gossip that never ends.

"Yes, I think we can handle it. We're going to handle it like a boss." I give her sides a quick pinch, and she jumps over my lap. "We got this. Besides, I wouldn't want it any other way."

She hops up from the bench we've been curled up on since dinner. "There's something I want to show you." She disappears inside for a moment before falling back into my lap with an oversized book I bought my brother as a Christmas gift years ago. Gravity Asunder by Theresa Eaton. A compilation of dark poetry.

"I love this book." It's true. I've devoured every last verse. I went through a dark period myself, and I felt every word this author penned. We look inside and admire the oversized photos of the galaxy-the blue pearl that is Earth, the shooting stars that accompany each poem. "I gave it to Cash as a Christmas gift."

"You and every third American." She pets the glossy page as if it were a cat. "It put my mother on every bestseller list you could think of." She expires a breath like blowing out a candle. Stevie flips through the pages as if each one were fragile as a snowflake. "Thank you for that by the way. It was her one true happy moment."

Holy shit.

"Your mother wrote this?" A spear of excitement rockets through me. "I've practically memorized every page."

"She'd be glad to hear it."

"So I guess that makes you Stevie Eaton."

"Boy, you're really taken. It's like I've just ripped off a tarp revealing a shiny new Porsche where only a rusted out VW sat moments ago." She looks up at me, slightly unimpressed. "Were my windows broken, too?" She butts her shoulder into my chest. "Yes, Eaton is my bastard name. And there's no need to worship a false idol like my mother. She pretty much hates men." She leafs through the book. "Her mantra is every man-a liar. Every woman who loves him-a fool. Poetic, right?"

"She'll like me, I promise."

Stevie bubbles out a laugh, and a group of seagulls take off near the shore.

"See this?" Her finger lands on the dedication. "To Stevie and the infinite memory of Claire, my wonder twins. I will always cherish you both." Her voice grows cold as if it were the cruelest sentence she had ever read.

"That's incredible. I can't believe I have Theresa Eaton's daughter hostage with me at the beach house." I bury my lips in her neck. I was already smitten to hell by Stevie, but this just elevates her to superstar status. Just when I didn't think we could get any higher, she buoys us even closer to the sun. And here I thought I hated surprises. Stevie has me spinning so fast I can't tell what's up or down. I'll take Stevie and her surprises any day. And, hopefully sometime next week, she'll let me surprise her, too. I want to ask her to move in with me. I'm about twenty minutes from Rigby, ten with no traffic. Hell, I'll fly her to class if she wants me to.

"Please don't be impressed by my mother. They call her Scary Terri for a reason." Her fingers pull back the pages, one by one, like the flashes of a supernova jagging by in dark, starry blinks. She glosses over an entire section that gives homage to her mother's life-size sculptures and statues-all of them slightly disturbing in their own right. "The reason she said she'd cherish us both is because I was already dead to her at this point. We don't speak much. A text every now and again and even then it feels like she's stalking me." She plucks her phone off the edge of the bench and pulls up a text for me to see. "This is the poetry she writes just for me. Her latest text reads, Beautiful day! Don't you just thank God you didn't die in the bed of your youth?"

My mood plummets. That's pretty insane.

"I'm sorry." It's all I can say.

"Are you?" She looks up. Her eyes cut through the fog of grief that settled over her once she opened that book. "What's your favorite poem?" She tosses the phone aside as her eyes fall over the glossy images once again.

"Burning Through Gravity." I flip right to it.

We study the words together in silence.

Burning through gravity like a falling star, barreling toward earth through the icy realm. Love is a rush that tears right through you, ripping through darkness, hurdling through space, crashing all around-alone and out of place. Your ego is the first to succumb before slowly everything is stripped, leaving you bare-alone in the cold cruel air. Love is a star falling from grace, burning through gravity with its disgrace. Love is a rock ready to crush. Who will be there to pick up the pieces when you're broken and alone, Lana? Clay and wire, molding you to my heart's desire. Love is like gravity, everywhere all at once, alarmingly simple-impossible to grasp. Love is like falling upward, burning through gravity as you catapult into the white-hot sun.

"Charming." It comes out ironic as she closes the book like she's terminating their relationship. She blinks up at me with those impossibly long lashes.

"I thought so. Who's Lana?"

"Probably me." She shakes her head. "I have no clue. Personally, I think it reads disjointed, but if you know my mother that's actually pretty linear for her. She was a physicist until my sister died. Then the lights turned out in our lives. She went dark. Her brooding made her a millionaire in the process. Some people have all the dumb luck. Too bad it didn't rub off on her children."

Stevie's eyes cloud over, and there's nothing more I want in this moment than to pull her out of her grief.

"You've got dumb luck." I take a bite out of her bottom lip. "You met me didn't you?"

"Yeah." She gives my cheek a playful bite. "It doesn't get much dumber than you."

"Hey, watch it." I sink my fingers under her arms and tickle her, teaching her a lesson until she's crying for me to stop. "You know how to make me stop."

Her lips crush to mine, and we settle back over the bench, melting into one another, getting lost in those sweet moans once again, if only for a little while. I hate that we have to get back to reality when this one is so much better-so much damn sweeter than all those bitter days on the other side of these walls.

Stevie pulls back, her lips still swollen and red from our kisses. Her fingers scratch lightly at the two weeks' worth of scruff on my face.

"You should take this down to nothing. My thighs are beginning to chafe."

"Done." A sad smile comes and goes on my face because I'm already missing the hell out of her.

"I think it's time for you to take me home, Ford."

I shake my head, but it doesn't stop the sun from setting, the tide from coming in and washing away the last of our sand castles.

We head to the bedroom, and Stevie slinks back into the same clothes I found her in that night at the party.

"You look overdressed." I sink a kiss onto her lips and try to savor the shit out of it. "Let me help you with that." I pull her T-shirt right off, and she acquiesces with a grin.

"I think you're looking a little overdressed yourself." She gives my shorts a quick tug, and they voluntarily fall to the floor.

"I'm not a big fan of these jeans," I say, working like hell to peel them off her body.

"I'm not a big fan of anything that stands between us." Stevie jumps up on my hips, and I press her against the wall.

Come tomorrow the entire world will stand between us. But, for now, you can't squeeze a dime between her body and mine.

I take her right there, hammering into her until every damn window in the place threatens to shatter. Her panting rivals my own as we fill the beach house with the sounds of our love making one last time. Our bodies thump hard against the drywall, beating against it in a long, strangulating rhythm. The neighbors probably think a series of gunshots are going off.

It sounds more like a heartbeat to me.

2

Through the Stratosphere

Stevie

Summer cracks over our backs like a whip, tearing open our flesh and pouring in the white-hot sting of the sun.

Kinsley and I spent the afternoon shopping for overpriced clothes, half of them I already want to donate. I let her pick out her version of power suits for my internship at our father's social network division, Merlin. Normally I just wear jeans and T-shirts to class-my Ugg boots in the balmy California winters and my flip-flops every other season, but Kinsley insisted I elevate my wardrobe standards, this, my final year at Rigby. The only reason I went along with it was because the head of the business program, Dr. Bennett, made it clear that we were to dress the part when representing our "prestigious university." It was all I could do not to gag. But that was last semester, and, now, I feel like I'm ready to slip into the world of shapely cut blazers and four-inch stilettos.

Stilettos. That's what I had on that magical night I met him.

Ford wafts over me like my own private heat wave, and a dull smile rides on my lips. His taste still lingers over my tongue. If I close my eyes, I can still feel his passion-fueled kisses. The memory of them rips through me like a current.

"Would you stop?" Kinsley flops back on my bed.

My roommate graduated last year, and the new one is yet to move in. As much as we didn't get along, I hate the thought of being alone.

She clicks her tongue. "Do you really think he's spending all his free time thinking of you and grinning like an idiot?"

"Yes, I do." I hope he can't stop thinking of me-that he's slowly losing his mind, that his fingers tremble to dig into my bare hips once again-that he's experiencing a borderline unhealthy obsession. At least that way we could call it even. I flop down on the bed next to her. "In fact, I know he is because we've been sexting nonstop for the last three days. We've been having all kinds of lewd alphabet sex. The things those verbs do to me." I let out a moan, and she smacks me on the leg. "I'm going to meet him for dinner tomorrow night."

Her mouth gapes. "That's a school night."

"So what, Mom." I knock my knee into hers. "I'll be sure we're both in bed by eight-together." A giggle ricochets in my chest at the thought. I never giggle. I'm pleasantly repulsed by this new version of myself-the giggling fool-the grinning idiot. I wonder what Claire would think? For so long I stayed away from people-practically hid from the opposite sex. There were sweet boys who were interested, troubled boys, and everything in between, but something in me couldn't pull the trigger. I tried-God I tried. I even gave my vagina away on a couple of occasions as if proving a point, but even then it felt like a charade. It simply felt empty.

"I think you've had enough time in bed together." She rolls onto her elbow with her blonde curls spilling every which way, her pale glossy eyes, stoned as shit. "Ten bucks says he's married."

"Would you stop?" Kinsley has been a broken record ever since I made the mistake of telling her how I spent the last two weeks. She's convinced he's told some poor unsuspecting house-frau that he was away on business. Kinsley is a lot of things-right is usually not one of them. "Why don't you sign up for school, and you can have that bed right over there?" I nod across the way. It's time to steer this conversation far away from Ford. She's been berating him for the last four hours.

She smirks at my offer. "I'm a graduate of the Hollywood School of Hard Knocks. I'm not about to give up now." A smile threatens to slit across her face. "Besides, I have a callback on that audition I told you about."

"Which one?" I can't keep them straight. Kinsley goes out on an audition every other day. I'm afraid Hollywood U has yet to teach her the most useful lesson of all-the casting couch.

Her brows rise in tandem. "The Fortune of Tomorrow."

"No shit? That's my grandma's favorite soap. It's still on the air, right?"

"Shut up." She pushes her elbow into me. "Yes, it's still on the air. And-it's the number one soap in the 25-45 year-old demographic."

"Wow, was that the first line they made you memorize?"

"No-the first line they made me memorize is Dillon Collette is freaking hot. So hot that I'm going to bake cookies off his chest the first day I meet him." She melts into the pillow.

"Sounds perfectly disgusting." Ford's chest comes to mind, and I imagine doing just that, baking cookies and eating them right off his perfect body. I moan into the idea.

"Trust me"-she elbows me again, pulling me out of my Ford-inspired stupor-"Dillon Collette is anything but disgusting. He's been my Hollywood crush for as long as I can remember. And, if I get the part, I'll get to play opposite him. It's like an honor I'm too blown away to comprehend. Too bad he's married with five kids, or I'd volunteer as his off-screen sex slave the second the cameras stop rolling."

"I wouldn't fret too much about the wife and kids. I've seen a few episodes. I'm sure they'll have your characters sucking face in no time. It's primetime p**n at its finest."

"I'll be playing his sister-if I get the role."

"Sorry." I wince. "On the bright side, you probably won't get this role either." I give her a quick wink before flipping open my laptop and checking my emails. There's about ten new messages-one from Dr. Bennett. Group assignments.

I open it and give it a quick glance, ignoring my sister as she breezes through her lines for her callback.

"Holy shit." I stare in disbelief. "It looks like I've been moved from Merlin to Jinx." Jinx is only the hottest social network this side of Silicon Valley. It's one of my father's competitors-his only competitor, and the last place on the planet I want to be.

"Call Daddy. I'm sure there's room for one more."

"Give me your phone."

"Why?"

"Because I want to make sure he answers." It's true. He'll pick up for Kinsley every single time. My calls are usually met with the enthusiasm of a telemarketer.

She tosses it over, and I put in the call.

"Hans Lionheart." He always answers that way. It makes no difference if he knows who the incoming call is from. My father is a master at head games. He didn't garner his billions by coddling anybody's feelings-certainly not mine. My mother made sure to keep both my sister and me far away from his money. The only thing he was allowed to provide was our education, and, even then, I went to public school up until my sister died. That's when I all but ran away from my mother. I let my father lock me up in an ivory tower boarding school, along with the core, and pretended I didn't care about the ever-increasing chasm I was building between both of my parents.

He clears his throat, his impatience already at a palpable level.

"It's me, Claire." I take a sharp breath. Kinsley shoots me a look. God, did I just say that? "It's Stevie." I squeeze my eyes shut a moment. I get so nervous around my father. I doubt he even remembers Claire, let alone cares if she's calling from the great beyond. "Look, I didn't get the internship at Merlin. For whatever reason, I was moved to Jinx." I've already discussed in detail with my father that a part of the class was headed into enemy territory. We regarded it as a joke-openly laughed that they'd need to be reeducated if they survived the trauma. Jinx is notorious for nurturing dropouts and making them one of their own. We toasted with our mimosas that I would be learning the ropes at Merlin where I belonged. "Can you call Dr. Bennett or send her a quick email and get me back to Merlin?"

"Absolutely not." There's a slight lilt in his voice leftover from his boyhood days in Norway. My father still swallows every r that tries to roll from his lips. "I want you to seize the opportunity-scope out the landscape. Once you graduate, you'll have a place at Merlin. For now, dig into the trenches with the enemy, report back to me." He pauses. "I don't want you to repeat what I'm about to say, but I think Jinx would be a good companion for Merlin."

A beat of silence ticks by. My father just threatened to eat Jinx like an afternoon snack-foie gras on organic wheat toast with the edges trimmed off. Something enlivens in me at the thought of playing secret agent. For a moment, I picture myself pulling out files and making copies at midnight-hacking into their financial docs and emailing all the sensitive information to my father. Something like this has the ability to change our relationship for the better. I could move from the cold-hearted outdoor of his heart-stop floating on that glacier all by my lonesome while Kinsley and Lincoln cozy up to the fire of his affection-and, if I play my company-stealing cards right, move right into his coveted inner circle. I'd earn my way into the core. Of course, I'll have to commit corporate treason to do it, but something deep inside me has always wanted to get into my father's good graces. I pinch my lips at the thought. Only two weeks ago I was suicidal and ready to tear my father a new one, and, now, with Ford by my proverbial side, I feel stronger than ever. The truth is I never really wanted to rip my father apart. I wanted to draw in close and beg him to hold me. Helping him tear the rug out from under Jinx is probably as close as I'll get.

"What do you say?" He growls into the phone with tight restraint.

"Yes. Of course, I'll do it. I'll always be loyal to you, Daddy." I swallow my pride as we hang up then smile at my sister.

A thought comes to me, blanketing my brief moment of happiness with a shroud of darkness-the dark is always hungry for any sign of joy I might have. If I were to be accepted into the core, that would leave Aspen as the only other Lionheart bastard still out in the cold.

"You called him Daddy." Kinsley's eyes widen with jealousy. That's her moniker for him. I, more or less, refrain from addressing him at all. What the hell is happening to me? Goofy grins? Shouting out Daddy like I mean it? I used to call myself Iron Heart as a play on my last name-cold as steel, tough as iron. I can never be broken. Those are my mantras, not I hope my boyfriend likes me in this dress and let me kiss my father's feet. Holy hell, how the mighty have fallen.

I cut a quick glance out the window as the heat melts the sidewalks to puddles, and here my own heart is experiencing a gentle thaw.

"I was kidding." I toss the phone over at her. And I was. I'd never leave Aspen out in the cold. She and I both know the core is locked and sealed with blood and holy matrimony, and neither of us could ax our way in if we tried.

An image of me handing Jinx to my father on a silver platter flits through my mind.

A part of me feels as if I already have a foot in the chamber of my father's dark heart.

But I still ache for Aspen.

The internship is funneled through my Real World Socioeconomics class and offers three units for fall and spring respectively. The internship is crucial to meeting the stringent graduation requirements set by Rigby University, which means my schedule will be psychotic this year with my internship on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday and a full load on Tuesdays and Thursdays. A part of me realizes I should be moaning about how tough this year is going to be, but, with half the week spent off campus, I already feel the freedom that graduation will bring. I'm still mulling over the idea of grad school. I thought I had Merlin wrapped around my finger, and, now, here I am at some flea-riddled oversized litter box where they worship felines and continue to pummel my father's company into the ground. I wouldn't dare tell "Daddy" that Jinx has already kicked Merlin's technological ass. Merlin has become a stomping ground for grandparents and forty-somethings who show off nonstop pictures of their spinach smoothies and toothless children. Jinx is far more intricate to navigate, and has become a mecca for the under twenty-five sect, myself included. If my father ever found out my secret love for the enemy, I'd simply call it research.

Jinx corporate offices are located in the heart of Breakers Canyon, the Silicon Valley of Southern California. Like everything else in the Southland, it's just twenty minutes away from the armpit of L.A.

Jinx is spread over, what feels like, acres with a tall skyscraper acting as the central hub surrounded by volleyball courts, a full-scale outdoor gym, a yoga retreat. It even has its own biosphere with an eco-forest, complete with subtropical fruits indigenous to parts of the world, I'm pretty sure I'll never visit. It's not that I'm afraid to visit those places, it's just, logistically speaking, I'm afraid to travel to those places. It all boils down to my fear of flying, and, ironically, it boils down even further to my fear of dying. Yes, suicide was high on my birthday wish list, but, now that I didn't go through with it, I'm pretty damn glad to be alive.

Ford texted earlier and offered to take me to RUSH, a new hip restaurant downtown that specializes in Asian fusion cuisine. It's expensive as hell, and I'm pretty sure he can't afford it, so I counter offered with a picnic on the beach. Hell, we could visit Shipwrecks again, and I can tell him all about the time I almost drowned there. Anyway, he said he has a quick meeting, but that I might be able to twist his arm later.

A familiar looking crowd blooms at the entrance of the building. I recognize some of the people from my business classes. Our entire division was equally parceled out to a bevy of local corporations who were kind enough to brave a group of college interns for the duration of our senior year, Merlin being one of them. But I'm not working for my father. He'll never get to see me kiss enough ass to brownnose my way to the top. I suppose there's no need for ass kissing now. I can coast my way through the next nine months, so there's that.

An arm flails in my direction from under the effigy of a large black cat with glowing yellow eyes that have a backlit effect. That's the company logo. Everybody knows that damn cat-Jinx. I've got a Jinx app on just about every device I own. Just because I'm about to skin that oversized alley cat and serve it to my father, doesn't mean I can't enjoy it. In fact, I should enjoy it that much more because, if I play my cards right, I'll be running the place come June. Other people dream of climbing the corporate ladder, I dream of company takeovers in the name of nepotism.

The arm flails in my direction again. "Stevie!" A high-pitched voice rises above the crowd, and I spot Arabella Rothmore jumping up and down in her practical tan suit and very impractical patent red heels. Arabella is better known as Oral-Copu-Bella in the business program, at least by the guys. The girls just call her Bella.

"Belly, baby!" I give her a quick hug. Bella is a bouncy blonde who packs a powerful mammary punch. She's perky and loud, and have I mentioned big boobs equal lots of bad boys? She dated Lincoln once briefly. So there's that. We hardly ever hang out although she's pretty nice-far too nice for my brother. Really her only crime is being human since I make it a point to stay away from the hideous beasts on a regular basis. Besides, I'm far more low-key to ever mesh with her bubbly personality. I'm all snark and lots of bite, and apparently she's all suck and no teeth. I'm a loner. She's a party animal, thus the wondrous chasm.

"I didn't know you had this assignment!" Her red-clad feet break out in a spontaneous tap dance, creating a ring of fire effect in my peripheral vision.

"It's the old bait and switch. I prepare all summer for Merlin, and here I am." Story of my life.

Dr. Bennett materializes from the center of the crowd. She's tall, like Amazonian tall, with short over-processed blonde hair, wire-rimmed glasses and a skin-colored mole on the tip of her nose.

"Listen up!" She barks over the crowd of at least fifty of Rigby's finest. "Welcome to the corporate world. You've been training your entire lives for this moment. I'll head in with you for the orientation, but, after that, you'll be assigned a preceptor who'll instruct and monitor you and will report all progress back to me." She gives a stern look around while the sun presses over us like a griddle. "Our lawyers have worked very hard to partner with this fine firm. If any one of you costs us this contract, we will immediately terminate you from the program."

A gasp circles among us. Come to find out there's no hotter circle in hell than the one expulsion lands you in. Most students who attend elite private schools are afraid of their own shadow. You would think prison waited on the other side of those ivy walls the way the inmates dread the real world. Lucky for me, I've been on both sides of the asylum, so I know all too well how this game is played. Life is a game best played alone with an iron fortress around your heart so it can't get broken. It's one of my mother's mantras, and, after Claire died, it was one I committed to memory.

We migrate over to the elevators as a herd. My phone bleats in my pocket, and I fish it out. It's a text from Ford.

Clock Tower is playing at the Bowl tonight. Hit it after RUSH?

I give a private smile. There's no way I'm letting him haul me all over Hollywood, throwing his hard-earned money out the window just to make me feel special.

I send a quick text back just as Bella and I step onto the elevator.

I'm a simple girl. You don't have to impress me. We'll hit a drive-thru and eat at Shipwrecks.

"What's this?" Bella snatches the phone from my hand as the elevator whooshes us up in one quick gravity-defying moment. "Stevie Eaton has a boyfriend?"

I cut a quick glance around at the crowd pressed shoulder-to-shoulder. Who cares if they know I have a boyfriend?

"Maybe." I take my phone back. "Or maybe I just like to smile on Mondays because everyone else hates them so much." It's true.

The doors open with a hiss and a low-lying ooh breaks out from those on the front line. Loud, but not overbearing music streams from overhead. I recognize the rap song as one that my neighbor played on a loop all summer. The walls in my dorm are so thin I actually prefer the rap to their 3 A.M. f**king.

We stride out onto an expansive floor with open-air offices which most of the plebeians call home and miles of glass walls that stretch as far down as the corridor in either direction.

"Welcome to the hive." A dark-haired man a little older than us cups his hands around his mouth. "My name is Jener with one n, and I will be your orientation assistant this afternoon." He gives a cheesy grin while panning over the crowd, molesting the girls with his eyes before proceeding. "To your right, you can see we have the think tanks in full effect." Two sectionals are joined to create one giant square with the narrowest of access gaps. People lie around with their noses buried in laptops, headphones pressed to their ears just like at school, and I frown. Not one "employee" in the hive is decked out in corporate garb. They're all wearing T-shirts and jeans-old worn out shit at that. I glance down at my navy blue smart suit, as Kinsley dubbed it and suddenly feel stupid for listening to her-although there was that threat from Dr. Bennett, so I feel a touch justified. Besides, the look is growing on me.

"Let's move over to the recreational therapy section." He speeds us over to a bona fide arcade with four ping-pong tables, two pool tables in the back and rows and rows of pinball machines lining the walls. They blink and whir, creating a juvenile spectacle of themselves while a small army of Jinx employees test out the controls. God, why do all the people here look unkempt? One guy has hair to his shoulders all ratted into a bird's nest. A girl wears a pair of ill-fitted jeans so low on her waist they look as if they're about to slip off. "At Jinx we believe there's nothing more inspirational than being hard at play. Some of our best ideas have come to us in this very wing."

Right. I roll my eyes at the adolescent angst oozing from those hard at play. None of this would ever fly at Merlin. In fact, this is the anti-Merlin. My father may want to rethink this acquisition. It's going to take a lot more than a business suit to reprogram the great unwashed from their pinball hero days.

I lean into Bella. "I bet some of those great ideas included installing a brick pizza oven and a Cheetos vending machine. That bio-dome is nothing but a cover-up for their reefer farm."

She starts in on a hyperventilating chortle, and the small group from Rigby turns to see what the commotion is about.

"Anything you'd like to share?" Jener's face pinches tight. He's cute in a North Pole castoff kind of way with his pointy ears and ski slope nose.

"I'm sorry. My friend laughs when she's nervous." I lie because lying is the language of every man. Had I told the truth, everyone would be laughing, and I don't think Jener with one 'n' would have appreciated that.

"Very well. Make your way into the boardroom. The official orientation is about to begin. Lucky for us there's an executives meeting this afternoon, and they were kind enough to stop by and introduce themselves."

Another circular ooh whispers through the crowd at the mention of corporate royalty. I peer into the boardroom since I've no desire to kiss any corporate feet during my stay in the litter box. A bevy of black leather chairs dot the periphery of a long, dark table. Nothing but simple lines, chrome with a chic black and white theme. It's the only remotely corporate looking office that we've been exposed to so far.

"God"-Bella slaps me over the arm, hard enough to leave a welt-"the Cannon brothers are here!" She gives it in a whisper-shout, and suddenly I'm caught up with trying to make myself taller in my heels, so I can catch a glimpse of the corporate princes.

A group of men in matching business suits, in various scales of gray, stand toward the front. I have no idea which ones are brothers. They all share the same dark hair, the same hearty smile as they talk amongst themselves. Obviously they draw the line of casual attire at the boardroom.

Someone bumps hard into my shoulder from behind, and I find an ungodly tall brunette stabbing her heels into the ground as she makes her way past me with fury. I glance down to see if she's on stilts.

"Who the hell puts the toilet paper under?" She barks at a petite blonde pecking behind her as if trying to keep up. "Next person to use my bathroom gets shot on sight." She cuts me a quick look that says I'll knife you without thinking twice, so I transfer my gaze back to the boys with their boxy padded shoulders. They share a gentle laugh. The corporate gods keep to themselves. I doubt a single one of them has ever played ping-pong down the hall.

Bella latches onto my elbow. "We'd better get to our seats."

One of the suits turns and my eyes snag on that familiar smile, those laughing eyes. He cuts a look in my direction and does a quick double take.

"Oh, my God," I whisper with a smile hedging on my lips. "It's Ford." I wave my hand high over my head like a giddy schoolgirl. Holy crap, his face is clean-shaven.

You shaved, I mouth pointing to my cheek. Just the sight of it makes that tender part of me quiver for him. I want to feel the smoothness over my thighs. My panties melt just thinking about the things he's going to do to me with that clean-shaven perfection. Maybe we can break into his brother's beach house for a few hours tonight?

"Who are you talking to?" Bella moves me back into the elongated, over air-conditioned boardroom.

"It's him." I wrangle my elbow free as the pieces start to fall into place. He's a driver. Of course-he probably works for Jinx. I bet he's in charge of one of those Cannon brothers. That's why he was at my father's party.

I struggle to break through the crowd and make my way to Ford, but the Rigby salmon are swimming their way upstream, toward their seats, and it's impossible to go against the flow of traffic. I bob and weave my way forward, but the crowd presses me back until I'm standing next to the empty chair Bella reserved for me.

"Let's get started!" Jener barks it out. The noise in the room dies down, and suddenly everyone's bottom is grafted onto a black leather chair.

I shrug over at Ford and blow him a quick kiss, but his eyes are locked in horror. His mouth falls open as if he's about to say something. The bony brunette that threatened a firing squad upon the next person who fondled her toilet paper cuts me a hard look before whispering into his ear.

"Wait a minute," it comes from me less than air. The second she leaned into him the distinct feeling of deja vu set in. Was she at the party that night? I think she was-doing exactly that.

Jener claps his hands, and I fall hard into my seat. "Welcome everyone to Jinx headquarters." The room stills as we sit like obedient children ready to glean whatever guerrilla warfare tactics they're willing to dispense, but, the truth is, I can't take my eyes off that beautiful man.

Jener starts in on an eerie slow clap. "The corporate owners make their offices right here on campus, but even they'll admit it's a rare feat to have them all in the room at once-at least without killing each other."

He manages to generate a soft laugh from the crowd. Jener is the ringleader, and we're the posse of manicured poodles. Suddenly I'm embarrassed that Ford has the opportunity to witness the event.

"And, now, may I introduce you to the famous, or rather infamous yet brilliant Cannon brothers." He motions to a couple of dark-haired gentlemen standing to his right, each one more handsome than the next, but, of course, they pale in comparison to Ford who's standing on the other end. That woman, that skeleton with hair, is still dangling off his shoulder like a parrot.

Jener motions to an open laptop in front of him. "First we have Cash who is here both in spirit and Skype." He flicks his wrist to the gentlemen to his right. "Carson and Carter." They both give a mock bow before taking a seat at the front.

Something about those names... They ring in the back of my head like a song I can't remember all the lyrics to. Wait-is that Aspen's old friend, Carter?

"And, of course," Jener claps just once, loud as a pop of thunder-"let us not forget the master of disaster, the man of every hour who is the very reason each one of us are seated where we are today because without him there would be no Jinx-Mr. Crawford Cannon himself."

The room explodes in wild applause. Jener turns to his left, but there's nobody there. Nobody but-Ford. The spindly brunette claps the longest, the loudest, the ass-kissing proudest. But Ford has locked his eyes over mine, his face pale as alabaster.

Crawford Cannon?

My mouth opens at the revelation. Everything in me demands to bolt, but my heels have screwed themselves into the floor.

It can't be. It's not. He's just pulling some elaborate stunt to impress me.

Ford steps up to the empty leather chair awaiting him and gives a quick nod to the crowd before taking a seat.

"Welcome." That warm baritone vibrates off the walls, inviting me in without excuse.

Holy hell.

That vexingly hot man that chased me around his brother's beach house for two carnally exhausting weeks was no lowly driver, no man of simple means just getting by like he painted himself to be. He wasn't at all the man I thought he was.

The walls press in, the room heaves and swelters. My adrenaline spikes, punctures a hole right through my heart. I want to run, to scream, to vomit all at the same time. I've become a cat clawing at the bottom of the well, the water rising over my head.

Our eyes remain locked like some unfortunate livewire neither of us can let go of. Here we are, standing in a pool of water, gyrating to a deep fried finish in front of my peers-in front of the skeletal earpiece whispering sweet nothings to him right this very moment.

Holy hell, I don't know this man at all.

But I do know two things.

He is nothing but a liar-and his name is Crawford Cannon.

Ford

Shit.

Here she is, staring back at me with a wild-eyed look that says I'll rip your balls off first chance I get. That shadow of ever-present hurt on her face is magnified by this very moment.

I've felt like an ass before on multiple occasions although it's safe to say this moment would be the pinnacle-the culmination of heartbreaking deceit I've piled on any human being.

The enthusiastic applause dies down. This is usually the part where I espouse my own genius for twenty minutes straight only to have them howling with approval before breaking off into groups.

"Go on." I nod to Jener. He'd better take over this three-ringed circus. If given another free moment, I'll kick everyone out of this room and strap myself to Stevie until that look of horror is gone from her face. Hell, it's not horror. It's disappointment.

"Um." He looks to Evelyn before proceeding. He segues into one long unholy spiel about the company, my family and I just sit there skirting the table, the walls, but my eyes keep tracking back to Stevie like a wet brush to canvas. "So are there any questions you might have for the board?" Jener finishes off like a consummate professional.

A few arms go up, and, for the first time, I let my gaze fall to my lap like a coward.

"I have one." A voice emits from the side, female, I don't need to glance over to confirm who it is, but I do-it's Stevie. She sits straight in her seat, her back erect, her neck slightly arched, and, for a moment, I picture her sitting on my lap that way. The color comes back to her face. Her eyes lock onto mine once again-gone is the confusion and heartbreak, replaced with iron-hot rage. "Are you married?" She asks loud and clear, the hint of strangulating anger rings out in her tone.

The room explodes with a quick bout of laughter. Evelyn loosens next to me as if she too found it comical. My f**k-'em-and-leave-'em status is a joke that everyone in the room is in on but Stevie. I'm more or less a degenerate when it comes to relationships. Stevie had changed that, changed me in just a few short weeks, but something in me knows I may never have the privilege to show her.

"Yes, he is." Jener booms from over my shoulder, and I wince.

Shit.

Stevie's face drains of all color, and, for a second, I consider running over and ushering her out. I could make up an excuse about getting her downstairs to see the nurse, but the only person I want her to see, to speak with right now, is me.

"He's married to Jinx," Jener continues. "It's a match made in cyber hell, and they're both very happy. So, all willing applicants need not apply."

Another rumble of laughter prickles through the room. Nice save. I think.

Stevie leans back in her seat as the blonde next to her whispers into her ear.

"Please excuse my student's inquisition." Dr. Bennett, the school's liaison wears her embarrassment on her sleeve. "I'm sure Ms. Eaton meant no ill-will. In fact, she's spoken for herself." She dips her chin in Stevie's direction in a reprimanding manor. "I heard her speak of him fondly on the elevator ride up." My ego wants to believe that was me. Dr. Bennett reverts her attention to the board. "The Rigby School of Business has made it clear to our students that this is not a social event, pardon the pun. Should any of our interns cross a sexual line with your staff, they are automatically qualified for expulsion. This is strictly a business arrangement, and we plan on keeping things chaste." Her eyes scour the student body with the threat.

"As do we." Jener pipes up. "Here at Jinx we treat each of the interns as one of our own but draw the line at intimacy of any kind. Romantic interludes between staff and students are strictly forbidden and cause for employee reprimand. We consider our interns as family, younger siblings, if you will. Your young men are our brothers, your young women our sisters. We apply the same chaste regard toward your students."

I close my eyes a moment, and an involuntary smile comes and goes on my lips.

I sit back as Jener breaks them off into groups of five, leaving two left over, Stevie and the blonde next to her.

My eyes graft onto hers once again. She's so damn beautiful my heart breaks as she hardens, cold as stone. Her hair hits the light giving her that girl on fire look-girl pissed to hell and back look-and for some unknown reason it has my boxers stirring to life.

Evelyn shifts in her seat. "I'll take them." She spits the words across the table like machetes, and, as a reflex, I want to protect Stevie.

"No. I will." My throat clenches dry as the words leave my lips. Shit. I've never had so much as a secretary until last month. Evelyn has filled every void I've needed around here for as long as I can remember.

My brothers press in on me. Evelyn's eyes jet out like rubber balls.

Jener leans in and whispers, "Dude, I just gave that whole spiel about policy. The last thing we need is you alone with two girls ready to slap you with sexual assault charges the first time you brush against them in the hall. The brunette has ballbuster written all over her. I'd stay away."

"I'm the founder." I look right at her. "What better way to learn than hands on right from the top?" I gently tap the table as if I were trying to convince myself. "What do you say, Stevie?"

The room stills. I can hardly believe her name as it sailed from my traitorous lips, but, deep down, a part of me wants to let her know I remember everything about us. That we're still us-or, at the very least, we can be.

She leans in with her hair slicing over the table. Her cherry-stained lips part with promise, and my gut cinches with grief just looking at her.

"My name is Stephanie Eaton," her words slit through the air like throwing stars.

"I'm sorry." Dr. Bennett bounces in her seat. Her face glows red as beads of sweat form on her upper lip. "Stevie is what her friends call her. I'm sure she wasn't trying to be rude." Her entire face sours in Stevie's direction. "We've instructed the students to adopt their formal names in business. Isn't that right, Ms. Eaton?"

"That's right. Stevie is what my friends call me." A dangerous smile flirts with her lips. "Only my friends." She pierces me with that javelin gaze before nodding toward Evelyn. "Arabella and I would be honored to have you as our preceptor. Isn't that right Belle?"

Honored? Evelyn is more of a serrated hinge-trap waiting to slice Stevie and her friend in two. But then Stevie doesn't know that, and, next to me, I'm sure she'd fill anyone with glowing admiration.

The girl to her side startles. "Oh, right." Her features sag with disappointment. It's becoming clear the only one not interested in me is Stevie-Stephanie, as it were.

The room drains as the small group sessions get underway.

"I've got this." Evelyn leans in with her blouse unbuttoned just enough, her cle**age placed beneath my line of vision.

Evelyn pouts in my direction. It's one of her many tricks of seduction. Evelyn has no idea who's in the room with us. She has no idea of the power Stevie has over me. I've handed her the reins. I'm hoping for the best but bracing for the worse. Once Evelyn finds out, I'm sure she'll administer a corporate flogging with Stevie as her victim. And, knowing Evelyn, she'll take it out on her friend as well.

"Don't worry." Evelyn huffs a dull laugh. "I'll take care of the mouthy little bitch." Her lips pull back in a tight line. "There's nothing I'd like more." She smooths out her skirt and heads over to the girls as my brothers stand on either side of me like a fortress.

"What?" I growl it out without bothering to look up. I know what they're thinking. Carson is wondering if I'll mind that he's about to break the house rules and bang a few coeds-and Carter wants to flog my ass for keeping him longer than necessary. He mentioned he needed to pick up Abby, his three-year-old that he shares custody of. Outside of his baby girl, he's buried himself in work after the divorce.

Carson leans in. "Put the boys on ice and stop staring." He socks me in the arm. "I'll go out there and deflect the old hag for you." He heads in Dr. Bennett's direction.

Carter steps forward, and I fully expect some wise-ass remark, some ironic reprimand that, of course, I would deserve, but, instead, he heads over to where Evelyn is staring down Stevie, trying to melt her like a glacier-and gives Stevie a hug.

I buck out of my seat and make my way over.

"How's Aspen?" He pats Stevie on the back like they're old friends, and, evidently, they are.

"She's still Aspen." Her eyes dart to mine.

"Evelyn"-I don't take my eyes from Stevie-"why don't you take Arabella and give her a full tour of the facility?"

"And the mouthy one?" Evelyn settles her shoulder into mine as if we were a unified front about to take these girls down.

"Carter will want to spend more time with her today."

"As you wish." She scowls at the chesty blonde shivering in her presence. Evelyn can be a hardline bitch when she wants to, and she pretty much always wants to. "Come," she crows, and the poor girl follows her out of the room.

"There's so much to catch up on." Carter cups his hand over Stevie's shoulder.

"Get out." I tell him without taking my eyes off hers. "Shut the door and make sure no one comes in."

"You just said I'd get to spend more time with Stevie today." I'm not sure if he's mocking me, but either way he's wrong.

"I lied."

A satisfied smile spreads across her face. "You lie about a lot of things don't you-Ford?"

"My friends call me Ford." I soften into her, pleading for her understanding. It feels hopeless as if we've both landed in quicksand, and there's no one to throw us a line.

"Crawford." She shrugs.

"That's not what I meant."

"Whoa." Carter holds up his hands a moment. "Everything okay? What's going on?" He stands between us like he's breaking up a fight.

"Why are you still here?" I give him a hard shove to the side, hoping he'll take the hint. "I need to speak with Ms. Eaton for a moment."

"What about the tour?"

"I'll be giving it."

"I won't be taking it," she counters, trying to follow him out. I shove Carter's ass out into the hall and seal it shut before she has a chance to disappear from my life for good.

"Please." I press in against her and feel the warmth of her body so close to mine for the first time in days. "Let me tell you everything. Let's do this."

"Let's not." She tries to sidestep me, but I move along with her.

"I never lied to you." I pant right over her mouth.

"You're lying now." Her eyes glint with tears, but a laugh bubbles from her throat. "You never told the truth."

"I thought you knew who I was."

"Sounds like someone has an inflated ego."

"And"-I step into her and force her eyes to connect with mine, watery and amber, the color of maple syrup filtered by the sun-"when I realized you truly didn't..." Crap. "I thought it was refreshing."

"Refreshing?" Her brow hikes up one side, amused.

Shit. Not the right words, but then it's becoming quickly obvious I can't seem to navigate the English language around her-at least not without slipping my neck into a noose in the process.

"I didn't mean refreshing." I pull her in by the waist, and she doesn't flinch or scream. That has to be a good sign. "I meant it was sweet-I loved it. I wanted that pure moment with you. I haven't had that with anyone in so long, I thought I might never get that back. You were there with me-with Ford-nobody else, not this suit or the dollar signs behind this company. You didn't care about any of it."

"Because you denied me the right." Her chest pulses into mine with every other breath. Her mouth opens as she inches her way toward me, and, for a moment, I think we're about to put this entire nightmare behind us and take that picnic down at Shipwrecks a little earlier than anticipated.

"And I wouldn't have cared about any of that." She whispers the words right over my lips. "Just like I didn't care about you." Her eyes knife into mine. "Still don't."

She swipes her way around me and opens the door.

"Dr. Bennett mentioned you had a boyfriend." The desperation oozes out of me. "Was that me?" The look of rage in her eyes has already tattooed itself inside my eyelids.

"Aren't you all ego, Mr. Cannon? Don't you wish it were you? I already have a boyfriend." Her heels click just outside the room and stop. "How does it feel to be lied to?"

She takes off, and her heels hammer into the floor as if sealing a casket.

It doesn't feel good to be lied to. I already knew that all too well.

But I think we both know even that was a lie. I'm pretty sure I was the boyfriend in question, and I blew it.

I stare out at the dead space left in her wake-it feels like a punch in the gut.

Stevie knocked the wind out of me.

I get the feeling I'll need her around just to breathe.

Hell, I know I will.

3

The Air I Breathe

Stevie

He lied to me. Lied. To. Me. I almost want to laugh. I'm a bigger liar than he could ever hope to be.

All I can think of is Ford-his soft smile and amused eyes, and now I know their secret. He wasn't being heartfelt. He wasn't falling in love with me. He was mocking me. It was my own fault, really. I should have stood under the steel umbrella of my mother's very wise words. All men are liars. Those words sound off in my mind like a fire alarm that won't stop ringing. They course through my veins, giving new life to this unique brand of revenge that my father has enabled me with. I probably shouldn't hurt so much, but I was so close to finding that mythical unicorn called love. I really wanted to believe it. I don't think what Ford did was terrible. He was simply playing a game he had played a thousand times before, only, this time, he found a real live sucker-the one person on the planet who he could hide his identity from. I was the one who made the assumptions, but he was quick not to correct me. Instead, he indulged in the game. He was the cat with a mouse bouncing between his paws, or in this case, legs.

On Tuesday, it's hot enough to melt steel. The southland swelters as the air hangs heavy and humid. Miles of concrete sidewalks morph into radiators as the talking heads warn everyone to stay inside. I'm driving under the shadow of a freeway bridge still under construction. Cal Trans constantly has new roadwork snaking through the city that resembles the handiwork of Satan. The rebar on the freeways bend and warp with their skeletal outlines dripping to the ground as if begging for mercy.

Kinsley insisted I come over after I finished with my classes. I spent all afternoon replaying every moment of yesterday's fiasco on a heart-wrenching loop. How could that beautiful boy-that beautiful man-leave out a rather significant detail? It's not like we weren't tied to the waist. He had plenty of opportunities to let me in on his billion-dollar secret. We had a few midnight runs to the grocery store, those countless early morning walks where we held hands and talked about our favorite foods as if they were our children. One night, well past sunset, I jumped on his back, and he carried me to the water-made love to me while we attempted to body surf.

A white pickup swerves in my lane, and I lay on my horn, shaking all thoughts of that body-surfing bastard out of my mind in the process.

Lincoln and Kinsley share a house in Pacific Palisades overlooking the ocean. My father gifted it to my sister for her birthday, and she begged Lincoln to move in because she couldn't stand the thought of living alone. I never could figure out why she didn't have one of her lush-buddies take up residency instead, but after spending time with her "friends" at her New Year's Eve party last year, it was obvious Kinsley has none that qualify as the real deal. When you have that much money backing your name, all you have are users, abusers lining up with their hand out. Ford bounces through my mind. He probably thought if he told me the truth, I'd be another open palm in his face. Just the thought makes me shake with anger. I don't want anything from him-with the exception of his company.

I pull up to the house and spot Aspen's car out front. I cringe a little at the sight of the oversized white SUV with its blinged-out gold emblems. The douche-mobile. Not that my sister is a douche. She's pretty sweet and a badass artist to boot. If I had a Sophie's Choice moment between Aspen and Kinsley, I wouldn't know who to choose. In truth, it's Aspen's husband, Henry, who's the douche. Henry O'Tool, better known as Henry the Tool. I'll never understand what she sees in him or how in the hell they ended up on the matrimonial side of the legal system. He treats her like dirt. Swear to God, he probably smacks her around when the doors are closed. Thank goodness they haven't procreated. With her uterus barren, I still see hope for Aspen. On three different occasions, I've seriously thought of kidnapping her and hiding her in my dorm.

Claire swims through my mind as I step out onto the quiet Palisades' street. I wish she could be here with me-with us. Her death is still a fresh bruise over my heart that has never really healed. Sometimes I wonder if I'm cut out for all this living. It should have been me in that watery grave. My mother always said life could slice you to ribbons and leave you to bleed out before you ever notice the sting. While other people doled out daily affirmations, my mother dispensed warnings that bordered on threats as if they were vitamins. Claire took them in stride, but, to me, they were like acid poured over open wounds. I've been trying to claw my way out of my skin for as long as I can remember. The world and its razor-sharp danger always feels just a slice away from ripping me open. My sister was the good twin, and I her wicked shadow-identical in every other way. The dark days had come just like my mother promised. The Grim Reaper showed up on our doorstep, his rotten breath choking us out, his elongated shadow chasing us at every turn. And now Claire is gone, and I'm standing in front of Kinsley's latest birthday present.

I run up the steps of the two-story clapboard mansion Kinsley and Lincoln call their cozy hideaway. I roll my eyes at the irony. The door is unlocked, so I let myself in, shouting hello over and over again in the event Lincoln decides to go sniper on me. They've complained of a rash of break-ins in the area, and who could blame the damn thieves when the residents refuse to lock their doors?

"We're out here!" Kins waves from the balcony, and I head out as the Pacific demands my attention with its marble-blue expanse. The salty haze blurs the landscape just enough to make it feel like an impressionistic dream. If I squint and look up the coast, I can see the pier I ran that tired old horse to on my birthday. I sit with my back to Shipwrecks. No use in nursing a memory that should be burned and flushed down the toilet.

Ford bounces through my mind like one of those annoying rubber balls you get from a vending machine-obnoxiously unstoppable. I should never have left that party with him. It's as if the sky was trying to stop me that night-or maybe it was Claire. I've waited so long for some supernatural communication, and here she painted the sky in blood as a warning, and I was too stupid to heed it.

"Earth to Stevie." Aspen gives me a brief hug. Her honeyed perfume lingers in her wake. "You okay?" Her crystalline green eyes search my features for signs of life. She has the same dark hair as mine, long, wavy-and according to social network billionaires-chestnut.

"I'm great."

Lincoln hands me a mimosa, and I tilt it in his direction. He knows I don't drink, but he never lets me refuse champagne. I drank with Ford but then I wasn't exactly in my right mind while I was with him. Ford gave me a contact high all on his own.

"It's just a hit." He tips his mirrored aviators down a notch and winks. Lincoln and Kinsley are flawless in feature and frame-both blondes with cerulean blue eyes, perfect white teeth that have never been subjected to years of painful orthodontia. Their mother, Daphne Worthington of the House of Shire, had the misfortune to slum with my father over three decades ago. She was the wife in question that my father cheated on when he created an entire bevy of out-of-wedlock children-Claire, Aspen, and myself included.

"Okay, so let's do this." Kinsley calls our father and sets her phone on speaker so we can all partake.

"Hans Lionheart." Dad's European accent comes in strong. "Hallu?"

"Daddy!" Kinsley screams as if a rock star just drifted over the balcony. "Okay, you know how I gave up everything to really dig into acting?" She pans our faces as the elation bubbles through her. I'll have to ask her later to fill me in on what everything entails. I know for a fact she considers herself down and out in Pacific Palisades with nothing but our father's American Express Black Card to comfort her. "Well, I've finally landed my dream role! I'm Carmen O'Neil on The Fortune of Tomorrow!"

We erupt in a riot of cheers. I was hoping her news had to do with something other than overpriced baubles. I'm proud of her. The last time she hosted a celebratory event like this, she was lauding her haul from Tiffany's after outfitting her springtime accessories.

"That's great, dear." He rumbles low and baritone. Just hearing his voice you can tell he's distinguished, well educated, that he has hundred dollar bills lining his veins and maybe his toilet paper. "I'm very proud of you." His voice warbles with laughter, and every word feels genuine. My stomach sours with a hint of jealousy. "Is Stevie with you?"

My heart jumps. "Yes, Daddy, I'm here." I'm quick to wrangle the phone from Kinsley. I can't remember the last time my father mentioned me in one of these Charlie's Angels call-ins. And I cringe that I've referred to him as Daddy twice in one month. Aspen averts her gaze. Her face sours like she might be sick. She's not as needy when it comes to our father's attention as I am, but then her mother never withheld her from him. Claire and I were the sharpest knives in my mother's arsenal, and, by God, she used the hell out of us.

"Excellent. How was your first day at Jinx Enterprises?" His voice ends on a high note as if he were already aware. "Have you met Crawford Cannon? He's the one responsible for the company and its magnificent success."

A vision of Ford's body thrashing against mine ricochets through me. The moon bled its silver beams over our skin, washing us glacial blue. My hips still hold the memory of his fingers as they kneaded me raw.

Heat rises to my cheeks at the mention of his name. Of course, I had met him. I shook his hand, and then my vagina shook his penis.

"He was there at the meeting." I clear my throat not daring to meet anyone's gaze at the table. I think even Lincoln could see through me at this point.

"And what did you think of him?" Again with that upward inflection that has me on guard. Why do I get the feeling I've just walked into a bear trap, and soon I'll be gnawing off my razor-riddled ankle bracelet?

"I thought he was an arrogant son of a bitch who thinks the world owes him his every wish." I know for a fact he wished for me in his bed that night, and I was all too eager to please. That's the problem with impossibly gorgeous men, they always seem to get what they wish for. It's a given from birth, and then they expect more of the same, any and every beautiful woman, the harder she is to get, the more delicious the challenge. I think I proved just the right challenge that night. But poor Crawford Cannon will never see what I'm about to do next.

My father belts out a charming resonate laugh. "That's always been your gift, Stevie. You have the ability to read people. You get that from me. I've always said you were the shrewd one. If anyone can infiltrate that snot kid it's you."

I give a smile of satisfaction at no one in particular as we hang up. I've yet to hear my father sing my praises the way he has this afternoon. It's as if he inflated me with the exact brand of helium I needed to float off into that happy place that daughters experience when their father's esteem them. Only, my jolt of bliss will have to last me another twenty-three years at the rate my father dispenses his adulation.

"Crawford Cannon?" Kinsley gags when she says it. "He's done the socialite circuit at least a dozen times."

My face heats with color. Of course, Kinsley has heard of him. She's knows everyone in L.A. with a net worth of a small country.

"What does that mean?' Aspen leans in, asking the question for me, but I think I know.

Lincoln taps his fingers over the stone table. "It means he prefers quantity over quality ass."

Kinsley swats him. They look like they could be twins. "You're just jealous because Iona Fallinas is in that number. Don't worry Linc, anyone whose bank account can rival the treasury has fallen in that canyon between her legs. You'll get yours as soon as Daddy bites the big one. I'm sure your inheritance will be enough to cover her expenses for a night or two."

I avert my eyes at their ridiculous bantering.

"Carter says hi." I turn to Aspen while Lincoln and Kinsley go at it.

Aspen's face turns ashen as if I just told her a nuke was set to land in her lap.

"You remember Carter, don't you?" It comes out like a taunt without meaning to. I specifically told her-begged her not to marry Henry the Horrible. They had only dated briefly before the surprise wedding, so I wondered if she was knocked up, but thankfully she wasn't. In that small window I got to see firsthand how he ignores her, how he underappreciates the fact she caters to his every whim, and how he had the nerve to call her art childlike. I told her he would treat her like crap, and in the end I was right, but they're still married. I also told her they'd be divorced within two years, and we're just three months out from my prediction being null and void.

"Yes, I remember Carter." Her eyes drift toward the ocean, but she's looking past the powdered sand, past the horizon, right back into high school where they clung to each other like thieves. She claimed they never moved past the friendship phase of their relationship, but she told me a countless number of times she wanted to. The way he looked at her, you could tell he wanted it, too.

"He was your soul mate." I sigh as Ford thumps over my heart like a stamp in my passport.

"Stevie." She shakes her head. "Look, I gotta go." She gets up before I can stop her. "I'm meeting Henry for lunch. I'll see you all later." She pulls Lincoln and Kinsley into a double hug before bolting out the door.

"Aspen, wait! I didn't mean it like that," I shout. "I swear, I love you." I let the words trail in the wind and glare at the ocean. It's a known fact that when I'm miserable, I purposefully hack down those I love until they're emulating the exact same emotion. They say misery loves company, but I want all 7 billion people on the planet to roar out in grief with me.

"Relax." Kinsley rocks into my shoulder. "She knows you're a bitch." She blinks a smile. "Now spill." She slaps her hand over mine as Lincoln leans in for the dirt.

"The sky was bleeding," I start in and don't let up until that final moment in his pretentious boardroom.

"Sorry to hear it." Lincoln flicks his head toward the sun. "But-it sounds like you already have an in."

"That's right." Kinsley unfurls her fingers as if revealing a game plan etched over her palm. "He wants you, Stevie. He wants you in the worst way because you've just let him know that he can't have you. Everything you need to pull this off is right at your fingertips. But first, you just need to stop being yourself." Her chin dips as she downshifts with the insult.

"Try to be nice." Linc shrugs as if it were a given.

Kinsley leans in hard. "Be the opposite of you."

"He's already met me. Every last part." I didn't hold back my razor sharp tongue at Shipwrecks. I don't see the point of holding back now.

"Even better." Kinsley elbows me in the rib. "He'll see you've come around. You've sipped the Cannon Kool-Aid, and now you're willing to give up who you are to cater to his little dick."

His spare appendage was elbow to wrist, but I keep that info close to the vagina in the event I hamper my brother with an unnecessary inadequacy. I shift my eyes to the cool Pacific, bluish-gray as Ford's cold, steely eyes. Only they weren't so cold when he was looking at me, his body riding over mine, those throaty groans that have been playing nonstop, all seemed anything but icy. They felt genuine. I would have bet my soul to the devil they were.

Lincoln lifts his drink. "To shrinking Crawford Cannon's ego to the size of his little dick."

"To the new owners of Jinx." Kinsley raises her brows just as high as her champagne.

We drink to Ford and the idea of reducing both his man parts and his company to nothing.

Sadly, I really do want them both.

It's quickly becoming evident that Evelyn Perkins is a well-seasoned witch with her long tar dipped hair, her lips drawn in one long slit like a scab that sits over her face. Her blacks nails are freshly polished as she strums them over the desk like something akin to a waterboarding ritual. I imagine myself plucking them out with my teeth as the hint of a satisfied smile blooms over my face.

"You're going to fetch my coffee." She smiles from across her shiny desk as Bella and I pretend to shake in our stilettos. Actually Bella has whittled down her wardrobe to a pair of Vans and blue jeans because, as she bluntly put it, she likes to keep up with the flow of traffic. But I'm holding strong to my corporate fashion faux pas. If I'm going to end up with Crawford Cannon's penis in one hand and his company in the other I've got a lot of miles to cover with my miracle bra. Evelyn here is smartly dressed herself, and it makes me wonder if we share a common goal.

"Areola, you fetch first." That scab expands as she cracks a smile.

My eyes widen with disdain for this woman. It's the third time she's referred to Bella as a nipple. If I were Bella, I would happily poison her double mocha latte.

Belle shoots me a look, and her lips twitch like she might cry. I nod for her to go because I have my own assault tactics to engage in. Little Miss Bitch will never see me coming. It's probably best there are no witnesses. I try to shoo Bella with my eyes, but she's stubbornly glued herself to her seat.

"No." Bella shakes her head at me as if I'm the one she's protesting. "We're not here to fetch your coffee. We're interns"-Bella's face strains as she says the word-"we're competent. Collegiate trained. We're supposed to be coming up with cool innovations you'll probably steal and claim as your own."

Geez. I sear a glance at the ceiling. Doesn't she know anything about strategy? It's clear I'll have to draw a roadmap on how to deal with power bitches like Evilyn here. You don't show your hand to the enemy, everyone knows that.

Evelyn clears her throat. If I were Bella, I'd be prepared to duck because she's within hocking distance.

"I don't normally do interns." She cuts me a look that says die or I'll bury you alive. "That's Crawford's job."

She knows! She knows. My heart thumps erratic because a tiny part of me feels as if my imaginary boyfriend just sold me out to the devil.

"I'll tell you what." She looks from me to Bella, and her lips give a weak attempt at a smile. "You show up every day like good little girls, and, not only will I let you look over my shoulder-I am the Director of Creative Planning-but I'll give you both a glowing report when the time comes. No long nights, no big project in which I steal your innovative ideas." She says that last part with air quotes. "Of course, I wouldn't tell a soul or else your classmates will claw your eyes out in hopes to take your place."

"We'll need the highest marks." Bella stiffens her spine, straight as an arrow, as if she actually believes she's negotiating with the little Satan.

"And they're yours." She juts her chin at Belle like a threat. "Get down to the Java Chip and ask for the Evelyn." Her black eyes glint with pride. "They know me there."

Bella trots out, and I'm half tempted to trot along with her.

"Now"-Evelyn narrows in on me, spiking my eyes out with her needled gaze-"let's get one thing straight, twat-wad. Crawford Cannon belongs to me." Her face dulls out with an underlying rage. "Anything that may have happened between the two of you was meaningless, something trashy akin to a bachelorette party in a cheap Vegas motel room. You are nothing but a blip on his penile radar." She darts her pen in my direction, clipping my ear in the process.

I can't help but feel betrayed by Ford once again.

"He told you about me?"

Her chest pumps once. "No, but you just affirmed my suspicions."

"Are you seeing him?"

"I'm always seeing him. He's my soul mate."

I want to say, he cheated on you for two glorious weeks while burrowing himself in my body, but I manufacture a delicious smile instead.

She twists into me. "You so much as look at him with that come-hither look in your eyes, and I'll make sure his beautiful face is the last thing you see."

"I work here now." I bite my lip from adding, and soon I'll own it and you. "I'll probably see him this afternoon." And I plan on it.

"You won't have to. I'll make sure of that. And if he should seek you out, you're to conduct your business briefly and keep it work related. That's where I draw the line." She smolders into me like a pile of hissing coals.

I can practically hear Lincoln and Kinsley shouting be the opposite of you! If I want to swallow Jinx, I'll need access to all of her accounts and that makes me her java juice bitch for as long as that takes. On the bright side, I'll be in the core by Christmas.

"Thought so." She gives a belligerent grunt. "You twat-wads are all the same."

"Look, I'm not here to start a war. You can retract your claws. If you stop the name calling, I'll prove I'm a worthy intern."

A dull laugh huffs from her. "Sometimes the greatest fault in life is believing you're worth something."

All my life I've been made to feel worthless. A roiling anger rips through me.

Screw the core.

"I'm sorry, did you say you drew a line?" I lean in an inch and look her dead in the eye. "Because I draw the line at twat-wad."

"Knock knock." A deep voice vibrates over the warzone, and I drink it in-lose myself in the memory of it reverberating through my chest. "Stephanie?" I turn to find Ford pouring his hot gaze over me like molten gold. "You mind if I give you that tour?"

A soft moan escapes my throat as I glance back at the Queen of Evil. Her horns have retracted just in time to show off that dollar store halo to the liar at the door. If she's got him fooled, then stealing his company from beneath him will be as easy as-stealing Ford from Evilyn.

I graze my teeth over my lip before taking a bite out of her ego. "Pay careful attention, twat-wad. It looks like someone is about to cross the line." I press out a short-lived smile as I head for the exit.

She gasps for air as I shut the door behind us.

Check and mate. I imagine Lincoln and Kinsley slapping their foreheads in disapproval.

Ford gazes down at me with those silver high beams that see right into the darkest chamber of my heart and still somehow manage to approve, but I can't bring myself to fake nice for the sake of the core. Nope. In no way do I plan on making this easy for him. He's going to have to earn his way back into my good graces.

I'm going to take his company down, but it's going down my way.

And Evelyn Perkins is about to find out exactly how worthwhile I can be.

"You can save the tour. I've been to the circus," I say as Ford leads me past the long hall of arcade horrors, the screaming shenanigans of the mosh pit that's currently overrun with an errant beach ball and a blowup sex toy. God, he's going to be slapped with a sexual harassment lawsuit by midnight, and I'll lose my chance to rip his balls from his throat by way of stealing his livelihood. "You should probably shove Latex Lolita back in your closet. If one person snaps this to their Jinx account and it goes viral, you'll have Gloria Allred here by noon." No joke.

"Jener"-he snipes over my shoulder-"it's time to put Sweaty Betty back under your desk."

Jener spikes up from his seat like a lapdog. "ASAP." He jogs toward the booing crowd.

I look at Ford, his broad shoulders, his heady cologne seducing me with minimal effort, and it's all I can do to keep from swooning.

"It's nice to know you listen to the interns."

"I don't." He ushers me into the elevator, and the air cushions with silence. "I listen to you." He presses his hand into the small of my back, and a fire rakes over my shoulders from his simple touch. We glide up and step out into an elongated corridor. A pair of black enameled doors, with tall brass spindles for handles, appear at the end of the hall.

"Long dark hall? Saving me from the flying evil monkey downstairs? Wow, I feel like Dorothy making her way to the wizard. In the event you didn't know, he was a fake just like you."

He opens the door, and I stride into the spacious suite with a breathtaking view of Breakers Canyon. The entire space is twelve times bigger than my dorm. A gray leather sofa sits by a fireplace the size of a refrigerator, and his desk is every inch as large as a king size bed. I'm betting it doubles as one, too.

Ford wraps his arms around my waist. He leans in and presses his face in my hair. I hesitate before moving. My eyes close, an involuntary moan comes from my throat, and I hate myself.

"I don't have a fake bone in my body"-his warm breath tickles over my neck-"I promise you that."

"That doesn't mean you're not a liar." My hand falls over his chest, and my stomach ignites. I pluck my fingers free like pulling them from a fire. "Can I ask why you didn't introduce yourself that first night?"

"I said my name was Ford." That smile he's constantly trying to hide plays on his lips. His hands float over my hips, and I sink them back down to his side. "You said your name was Stevie-our bodies had a great introductory period." He winces. "I'm sorry I hurt you. I swear, I was going to tell you everything you'd ever want to know at dinner the other night-and then you were here, and things went horribly wrong."

"Did they?" His apology may be genuine, but I'm raw on the inside, my heart is still angry with me for giving it away like some cheap prize at a carnival-toss a penny into the kiddie pool, every one-night stand a winner. Anyway, I'm not sure I should accept anything he has to say. I'm still tempted to hack up what he's spent his whole life building from the ground up now that he's fueled my desire for revenge.

"Yes." His voice breaks. "Everything went irrevocably, terribly f**king wrong." His brows intersect with grief. He grafts his gaze over mine. "Ask me anything, I swear I'll never lie to you."

I take in a breath. Here it is, his world on a string, and all I have to do is ask. Of course, I can't be obvious and ask him to cough up his every next move so my father can outsmart him. I need to be coy. He wants me first and foremost-I need him to trust me. I scour his features for the slightest disingenuous inflection, but there isn't any, and my heart breaks for a moment.

"Who is Evilyn to you?"

His chest pumps with a short-lived laugh at her new and improved moniker. "Somebody that I used to know."

"I'll take that in the carnal sense. When was the last time you slept with her?" If I'm going to skin more than one cat, I'll need to know what makes her tick. She seems pretty desperate for another hit of Ford and his f**k factory. I shoot an accusing look at that well-worn couch. I can practically see her impression in it.

A quick breath escapes him. Here he is, already defeated.

"A month ago."

A month ago? Crap. She's practically his girlfriend. I swallow my shock.

"I see." I take a full step back. "And how many where there between her and me?" God, there were probably twelve. I can practically feel the gonorrhea crawling all over me.

"None."

Too bad-I sort of liked the idea of a buffer of twelve. Damn. She must mean something to him then.

"Do you love her?" My insides quake because I don't really want the answer.

"No." He doesn't hesitate, wince or look away. I'm sure his answer is solid-after all, I met the Ice Queen.

"Does she think she's your girlfriend?" This is one question I already know the answer to.

"She might. She was at one point."

"She's under the impression she will be again."

"She won't." His dimples dig in affirming the fact, and I melt into a silly little puddle.

I'm glad because if Evelyn had her way, they'd have long since experienced their honeymoon. God knows the entire universe would be out of order if she were playing Mrs. Suzie Homemaker while popping out a small tribe of Cannon children. Deep down I don't want a single person in the world to fill that position. A sick part of me wants it for myself. That tongue, those deep-sea kisses-that nail you to the wall, bedroom passion that women scour romance novels for would all be mine. It would be the ultimate coup.

"I don't want to talk about her." He brushes his finger down my cheek, and the memory of those late-night caresses wash over me. Ford did things with his hands that have the ability to spark an entirely different billion-dollar industry. "She's not the one for me. Never has been." His eyes bear into mine with a palpable sadness, and the devastation stretches out over us like a cloud because that love-struck schoolgirl he bedded nine days straight wishes I were the one for him.

"I'm sure you'll find someone. My mother always said every pot has a lid." It was my grandmother, but my mother veiled herself between Ford and me ever since that day I did the big maternal reveal and now she's a facilitator to this strange rejection I'm giving him.

"Your mother says, love is like a bird in flight, like a fever in the night, turning toward the sun, trying to find the one."

The room stills as he recites my mother's words. It sounded like an incantation, as if he was summoning her ghost straight from her body, and I'm not so sure I'd mind. Murder by her own verses. Poetic justice at its finest. I try to extinguish this flame of rage prickling through me, but I can't, so I do the next best thing-funnel it toward the man who put that rage there.

"What do you want from me?" I whisper it hoarse as if I've had a good night's cry, and I might have.

"A date. Tonight. My place." That playful amusement returns to his eyes. He thinks he has me beat. Little Stevie Eaton slaughtered by way of his barbed tongue before the war ever truly began.

"Text me your address." I stab my heels into his expensive hardwood floors as I make my way out. Hopefully I'll leave divots for him to forever remember me by-Braille for you better watch your back. I turn around and smile. "I'll be there with bells on."

Ford

The evening sky has the slightest cast of pink. That first night Stevie and I shared comes flooding back, and I'm hoping it's an omen of what's to come.

Carter plants himself on the barstool in my kitchen, filling me in on his time served at the Sea Ridge Academy where my mother had a habit of farming out her children. I went to Sea Ridge, and apparently Stevie did too. Small world, but I'm not a serendipitous sap. I know it's not that small. What are the odds?

I finish rinsing the lettuce.

"To dress or not to dress?" I hold up a bottle of Italian vinaigrette for my brother to inspect.

"Let her decide."

"Good thinking." I pluck a few more bottles of dressing from the fridge and add it to the table. "I went out and bought the most beautifully marbled rib eye steaks I could find-fresh French bread that I toasted on the grill." I move the platter in front of him before adding it to the table. "And threw in a tub of vanilla ice cream." I almost opted for the chocolate peanut butter ribbon for old time's sake, but I thought that would be a bit presumptuous. I still remember the way she tastes, and it has nothing to do with ice cream.

"Sounds like a winning combo." He raps his knuckles over the counter. "You got a minute to talk shop?" He shakes his head, and I can feel it coming. "The vultures are circling."

Jinx has been leaking money like a sieve ever since we did our IPO, and every financial site on the Internet took aim, calling the company overinflated.

"Shoot." I try to play it off as if I couldn't care less, but the thought of losing what I worked so hard to build makes me want to vomit.

"The good news is you've got a shitload of investors who still think you piss sunshine."

"You're supposed to start with the bad news." I pull a couple of champagne flutes from the hutch and blow into them. Stevie doesn't drink, so I bought a bottle of Martinelli's. Here's hoping carbonated apple juice is enough to land her in my bed, or in the least it lands me in her good graces. She said she'd chug that champagne back at the beach house just for me, but I think I've used up all my favors. I don't think she'll be going out of her way to please me anytime soon.

"That was the bad news." He shoots me a look that says you better watch your back, and my balls wrench.

"So they're coming."

"They're coming hard, bro. Cash and I are vetting them out, trying to see who's honest and who's hungry for blood."

"Not a single one of them is honest, and, if they didn't have an appetite for a good old fashioned takeover, they wouldn't be in the business."

A polite knock emits from the door. I told the guard at the gate to let in a gorgeous brunette. They all know Evelyn, so it was easy to make it clear that she wasn't the brunette in question. Under no circumstance does Evelyn pass go.

"Let me get this." Carter takes off before I can protest. He's entertained as shit that Stevie has me wrapped around her little finger. He whisks the door open and there she is, tall in heels, her long hair flowing in dark ebony waves. She darts a quick look from Carter to me.

"Two Cannon brothers for the price of one?" Her eyes light up, but it's all for Carter. She pulls him into a lengthy, groaning hug and every last inch of me is ready to lose it in a jealous rage. "I saw Aspen yesterday." She pulls back and picks up his hand. "She says hi right back."

Carter stills. He's still got it pretty bad for this Aspen chick. Funny, since I haven't heard a mention of her before this week. His divorce to Cheryl was final last November. He's yet to say hello to anyone of the opposite gender, and now there's Aspen, Stevie's very married sister. I'm not sure this is the kind of drama we need to be stepping into.

A black shadow slinks by and wraps itself around Stevie's ankles.

"Mother of God, what is this?" She bends down and picks him right up in her arms, and my heart sings ironically like a pu**y.

She smiles and coos into the tiny beast, rubbing her face over his soft, velvet-like fur.

"That would be Jinx." It comes out with a touch of pride.

"And that would be my cue to leave." Carter taps Stevie on the shoulder. "I'm not saying anything." He cuts a look to me and nods before disappearing.

"So this is the infamous feline." She inspects him a moment.

"The one and only." I tap his nose as he purrs.

She glances around. "And I guess this is the house that Jinx built." She rocks the oversized cat like a baby as she makes her way over. "They let you have panthers in Bluff Heights?"

"Most people would let me have anything I want." I step in and close the gap between us. "But he's not a panther. He's just an alley cat the size of a microwave, and I happen to feed him so he tends to stick around. There's a cat door downstairs. He comes and goes as he pleases. I wouldn't hold anyone here against their will." I drink her down in her skin-hugging jeans, a red lace top that glows off her bronzed body like a blaze.

She places Jinx on the floor and straightens, and I take advantage of the moment by stepping in until her stomach is pressed against mine.

She glances down at our conjoined bodies, our erratic breathing.

"I think maybe we should start over." She swallows hard.

"Yes." I close my eyes. It came out more victorious than I wanted it to, but, who am I kidding? Anything that gets Stevie and I back on track counts as a victory. "Beautiful," I say nodding out the window.

She glances out the wall of glass to my left that makes it looks as if the ranch, the blood-red sky is nothing but a mural.

"Beautiful?" She wrinkles her nose. "I guess-in the government-is-trying-to-kill-me-chemtrail sort of way." She bites over her lips, withholding a smile.

"I think this is where we should change the rest of the story." I offer a crooked smile. "My name is Crawford Cannon. My friends call me, Ford."

"That's better." She bats those long lashes at me and rouses the beast in my boxers. "I think this should come next." Stevie cups my face with both hands and pulls my mouth down over hers, retracting before I can properly taste her lips. "Wait." Her left eye gives a slight wink. "I think maybe we should rewrite everything. Part of the problem was we moved way too fast." She holds out a hand. "My name is Stephanie Eaton. My friends call me Stevie."

"Nice to meet you, Stevie." I take her hand in mine. Here we are, shifting our destiny with the curve of our fingers.

"I said my friends call me Stevie." She pulls her lips into a forced smile. "But I'm sure we'll get to know each other soon enough."

My eyes widen into hers. "By all means let's get started. They say there's nothing sweeter than a slow burn."

"Looks like you didn't burn dinner. Smells wonderful."

We take a seat at the table with a view of the sun dipping into the Pacific.

"Quite the bachelor pad you have." She sweeps the room with a glance. "I'm sure you get good use of it. I googled you, by the way." Her chin lifts into me. She blinks slow and beautiful, and I fall into her root beer pools with a goofy grin threatening to break out on my face. "By the sound of it, you're the bachelor of the century."

"Money can land you in unexpected places." It comes out more of an apology. "What's the story with you? Are you the bachelorette of the century?"

"Not really. I'm not a fan of getting hurt. I'm not a fan of people in general. It's just easier to stay away." Her fork drops to her plate as quick as the smile slips off her face. People have hurt her, and now I'm one of them. "I'm twenty-three. How old are you?"

"I've got ten years on you."

"Then you should understand that I haven't had the time to amass the reputation you have and, if I did, I'm sure at twenty-three there wouldn't be such generous monikers attached to my less-than-good name."

"Touche." I refill her champagne flute to the brim. She's pecked her way through her salad but hasn't even looked at the steak. "You're not hungry?"

"I'm mostly vegetarian."

What?

"We barbequed every animal known to man at Shipwrecks." I'm floored by the revelation.

"I wasn't in my right mind. Everyone knows eating red meat elevates your risk of cancer, and don't get me started on chicken. The entire damn bird is toxic. I think milk is lethal too, but I make concessions for ice cream." Her eyes linger over mine a second too long. "But you know all about how I feel about ice cream, don't know?"

"I bought a tub," the words stutter from my lips in that exact stupid order. Shit.

"Wow." She laughs openly at the idea, and I like her a little bit more. And here I didn't think it were possible. "You have great expectations."

"With you here, they've all been met."

We finish up, me with one bite out of my perfect rib eye, and her with the lion's share of the salad. At least of one of us is mildly satiated.

The polite conversation has long since departed, and we're looking at one another, smoldering from the flames that still burn from a few weeks back. It's a blaze I'm hoping we'll never be able to put out. She can deny it all she wants, but I'd bet every last cent I own that she feels the same.

"You mind if I give you the tour?"

"Does it include your bedroom?" Her amber eyes steady over mine, and I know for a fact the wrong answer has the power to bury this night.

"No."

"Good." She springs out of her seat, and I breathe a sigh of relief. Stevie Eaton has raised her defenses so high it's taking all of my conscious efforts to scale that wall. But I've never been one to turn down a challenge, especially when it comes to something I want. And God knows I want Stevie Eaton. I want all of her, from the inside out. I want to hold her and promise her that the entire world isn't out to hurt her-least of all me.

She will get the tour of the bedroom. It may not be today, but I'll make sure that, soon enough, it's her favorite room in the house.

I walk her through the main living areas then downstairs to the back of the property. The house sits nestled on a hundred and twenty acres. It may not be close to the beach, but I wanted space and privacy more than I wanted to hit the surf in the morning. I bought Cash the beach house hoping he'd keep out of trouble. Not sure I quite succeeded in that.

"Nice." She takes in the rolling green hills. "What's over there?"

"Avocado grove. This is a working ranch, at least that portion of it. I make a decent living just off the groves alone."

"But that's not your bread and butter these days. Jinx looks like he's doing pretty well for himself." She glances down to my feet where the cat is threading himself between us. I pick him up and give him a quick scratch.

"That he is." I drop a kiss to his head before gently tossing him back to the ground. "What I really want to show you is this way. We head toward the stables, and immediately her eyes widen. My heart gives a few good thumps. "Have I impressed you yet?" I want to do just that. I want to impress her so damn much she never wants to leave, but, of course, it's me that I'm hoping she'll stay for, just like she stayed two weeks at that beach house without a single thought about my bank account.

"Is that what this is? You trying to impress me?" A laugh bubbles from her throat, and I want to bow down and kiss her neck, feel it tremble for me.

"Me trying to impress you is what everything will be from now on." I take her hand and help her down the rocky steps as we make our way to the corral. She might have refused me if she wasn't wobbling on her heels. I'm sure she wasn't counting on the hike. "That was me being honest." I give a sideways grin as we enter the cool shade of the stables.

"Well, then, I'll be honest." Her fingers slip from mine as she takes in the shadowed space. The smell of crap and hay clogs up our senses as the sunlight dapples through a crack in the ceiling setting her hair on fire. "I rode a horse the day my sister died. I let the wind take us wherever it wanted and rode that beast until sunset." She gets lost in a daze staring off past the saddles back in time to that fated day. "The next time I rode was that evening with you." She snaps back to reality and shoots a grim look my way. "So-here we are." She looks around. "Third time's a charm."

"Stevie." I wrap my arms around her waist, and she doesn't stop me. "I'm sorry to hear that. I had no idea."

"How could you? Plus I wanted to ride that night." She slips my hands off and steps deeper into the stable. "Just like I want to ride now."

"I'm glad." I let my pride and joy out of her stall. "This is Bell, a behemoth quarter horse. She's participated in a few meets down at Hollywood Park. I've had her going on forever. Now she's just here, killing time. For the most part she's the stable manager's baby. Jinx sort of took over my life these last few years."

"And now that's your baby?" She glances down as she says it.

"That's right. You up for a quick ride?"

My eyes snag back on those skintight jeans that give glory to her every beautiful curve, and I'm pretty glad she's wearing them for two reasons. One, I get to enjoy the view. And two, I wanted us to ride.

Her mouth opens and closes, and I resist the urge to kiss her.

"There's just one horse."

"Looks like I'll have to get another one. But for now, we'll go double." I pull the largest saddle I've got and situate it before mounting Bell and pulling Stevie up with me. She's seated mostly over my lap, so if I'm not careful things can get dicey. At this point my body is pretty much trained to respond to hers in the most positive way possible-and I want it to, I'm just not sure it'll be appreciated.

We ride out past the groves toward a migrating trail that takes us to the top of the hill, and we pause soaking in the distant ocean view. The sun is just a thin tangerine line lying over the water, and you can see Santa Barbara Island rising out of the horizon like a dinosaur rousing from its slumber.

"Amazing." She shakes her head. "Okay, so I'll admit it." She twists into me as much as she can. "The official tour has managed to impress me." There's the slight hint of sarcasm in her voice, and she feels like the old Stevie again.

"It's the unofficial tour I'm hoping to impress you with."

She glances down to my chest, then lower. "I know."

Here it is, my moment to make restitution if at all possible. God knows I want to. The worse that can happen is that she knocks me to the ground, and I break my back.

"Evelyn is interested in you," she whispers.

"Is she?" I know for a fact she is.

"You're the truth teller around here. You tell me."

"Okay, she is." I rest my head over her shoulder a moment, and her soft cheek touches mine. "But the feeling isn't mutual. I promise you that."

"How can you be sure?" Her teeth graze over her lips, and my stomach pinches tight. "I mean, you did sleep with her just a few weeks before you slept with me. One might say we're on an even playing field. And, for all I know, I'm on an even playing field with a lot of girls."

"You're not. I swear it." My arms circle her waist, natural as taking my next breath. "You're in a league all of your own, Stevie. There's not a girl like you, nor has there ever been." She glares at me from over her shoulder. "I swear on my father's grave that you mean far more to me than Evelyn ever did or could. At one point I thought we were a perfect fit. I was wrong, and, ironically, she was the one to show me that."

"Do you think we're a perfect fit?" Her cheeks deepen with color, and, once again, I can't figure out how to read it.

"I know we are." My breathing grows erratic, and my dick is ready to go off like a bomb.

"That doesn't say a lot." She's still raking those warm eyes over my features. "You believed Evelyn and you were a good fit. I guess you have bad relationship radar."

"Evelyn and I were a mistake from the beginning. My heart was hollow, and I had no idea what love was, what it could be."

"So you know all about love now?" She lowers her lashes a moment.

"I'm getting there." I lean in and touch my face to her hair. "Can I kiss you?"

She leans back and takes me in. A fire dances in her eyes as she shakes her head.

"I think you should kiss Evelyn. If you ever want anything with me, I want you to be sure it's over between the two of you."

"How am I supposed to do that?" I growl it out low, not the least bit amused at how far back we've sailed.

"Date her."

"Date her?"

"That's right. After a few intimate nights, if nothing progresses past the friend zone, you should know where things are going."

"Nothing will progress past the friend zone. I can assure you of that." I lean back and let out a breath I've been holding for the last twenty minutes.

"Good. Then it's settled. Once the two of you figure things out, let me know either way. And, if you're still interested in pursuing something with me, we can start from scratch. Contrary to my behavior, I've always been a sucker for a good, slow burn."

She throws the words back in my face with a smile.

"Slow burn." My throat dries out. "I'm in."

We head back to the stall while I try to figure out how I started a date with Stevie and ended up committing to a date with Evelyn.

Something is definitely up, and, much to my dick's disapproval, it's not him.

4

Speed of Light

Stevie

Friday, the grounds at Jinx Enterprises are littered with far too many people for my liking. Throngs of the unwashed have crawled out from under their laptops, wandering aimlessly with their blank expressions, their ironic Chuck Taylors, and a latte at the ready. Crowds gather, watching sand volleyball-correction, girls in ill-fitted two-piece bikinis playing in an oversized litter box, their ass-cheeks dusted soft as powdered donuts. I suppose that accounts for the hordes of men with puddles of drool amassing at their feet. Ford must be so proud.

Kinsley called as soon as I left the parking lot and has been chewing my ear off ever since.

"What was that last part?" I turn away from the dusted ass cheeks and fix my gaze on the effigy of that overgrown cat. Just the thought of seeing the real deal has a smile cinching up my face.

"I said, the director thinks we're smoking hot when we're together. He called us scene-stealers! And the writers agreed. Dillon Collette is going to be my new love interest."

"What?" I pinch my other ear shut. "Wait, I thought you said he was playing your brother? I'm confused." I step into the shadow of the building and spot Ford headed in this direction with a bouquet of gorgeous blood-red roses tucked in his arm.

Holy hell, I'm in love. Is there anything hotter than a gorgeous man bearing blood-red bits of Mother Nature's handiwork? My body electrifies just watching him stride confidently across the cobbled walkway. The crowd parts as he approaches, showering him with a chorus of morning greetings. The girls all linger their gaze a little longer than necessary. It's his own private parade.

"Yes, he does play my brother"-she continues-"but everyone agrees we have amazing chemistry, so they're going with it. It'll be groundbreaking. I'm not sure it's ever been done on soaps before."

"You're not sure what's been done on soaps before? Incest?" I spin away from Ford momentarily as he approaches fast with a toothy grin. "Look, I gotta go. You might want to rethink the whole brother-sister thing. I'm not your agent, but I'm guessing sleeping with your brother is going to launch your career in the entirely wrong direction."

A light tap flutters on my shoulder, and I jump, hanging up on Kinsley without meaning to. I twist into Ford with his handsome as-all-hell face, those glowing eyes teaching the sun a lesson on what it really means to shine. His dimples are pressed in tight like commas, and it takes far more restraint than humanly possible for me not to land my mouth over his.

"Oh, hi." I slip my phone in my purse just as it rings again.

"Who's sleeping with their brother?" His brows knit a moment. "Never mind. I'm pretty sure I don't want to know."

"It's not me," I smart. "In fact, I'm not sleeping with anyone." I bite my lip while drinking in those glorious long-stemmed roses. "I've never had a boy give me flowers before."

"Not even at prom?" Those laughing eyes of his are back, and that tender spot between my legs pulsates a little just for him.

"I didn't go to prom. I'm not big on crowds or the people that comprise them, remember?"

"I remember. And I'm sorry to hear you didn't go."

"I bet you had twelve dates."

"Good guess." He touches his finger to my nose. "I had three."

"Sounds like an unholy trinity."

"Believe me it was. I was going through an experimental phase." He pauses for a moment as if reflecting on it.

Crap. The whole point is to make him want me, to make his mouth water like a man dying in the desert each time he lays those crystal meth eyes on my body, not to remind him of orgies from seasons past.

"So." I lean into the flowers and take a quick sniff and moan. "Mmm, they smell like air and sunshine." Or more to the point like nothing, but who cares? Roses!

"These aren't for you." He pulls them back and buries a sly grin in his cheek. "They're for Evilyn." He pumps a wry smile.

"Smooth."

"I thought so."

A thin vein of rage pulsates through me as we head into the building together. Jealousy has come to the party, uninvited, rearing all three of its ugly heads in Evilyn's direction.

"Do me a favor, and don't tell her quite yet," he says as he walks on ahead. "I've got a quick errand I need to run."

"Not a problem." The elevator yawns open just as Bella stumbles into the building.

"Stevie!" She gives a wild wave. "I've got news!"

"Gah!" I let out a roar as the elevator shuts and bury my face into the carpet-lined wall.

"What the hell, Eaton? Are you having a breakdown?"

"He bought her flowers." It comes out in a low-dying moan. I run through my entire non-relationship with Ford before the elevator doors have a chance to vomit us out. I pin Bella down by the shoulders for a moment and press my lips to her ear. "Breathe a word and die." We step out, and I flatten my blouse with my hands. "Now, did you say you had news?" I ask brightly.

Bella staggers for a moment, scouring over me as if she's not sure whether to call security or console me.

"I heard a bed opened up in Baxton Hall, and I put in for it. I'm your new roommate. I move in tomorrow."

"Oh, that's wonderful!" I hop a little when I say it, and wrangle her into a hug. "I swear I'm not at all psychotic like they say I am." I pinch a smile as we head into Evilyn's office.

"Girls." The Evil One gravels it out while spreading papers over her desk and motioning for us to sit across from her. Her hair is wild as if she too just finished clawing out her best friend's eyes. Not that I was clawing although I hardly qualify as Bella's best friend, or anyone's friend for that matter. I'm just now trying to dip my toe in the friendship pool. I sort of sequestered myself after Claire died and kept the world at an arm's length, but I think I'm ready. I think Claire would have had lots of good friends because liking and trusting people came naturally to her.

"Your hair." I smooth my hand over my tresses as if to show her by example. "Ford mentioned he was on his way up to see you." I cut a quick glance to Bella as we take our seats. I may have ran out of time before I filled her in on my scheme to feign any interest in him and thereby releasing him to Evil. I'm pretty sure that forcing him to date someone who is as clinically insane as she is obsessed with him will only make him want me that much more. Kinsley is right. Men always want what they can't have. "He's bringing flowers."

"What?" Evilyn slaps both paws over the desk and claws over the glass-covered mahogany. "This can't be." She ransacks her purse for a brush before raking it through. "Are you sure they're for me?" She inspects me with suspicion between wild spurts of spontaneous hygiene.

"He told me so himself. But he said it was a secret, so if you spill the beans, I'll deny it." I give a snide smile to Bella who looks wild-eyed and just as shocked as Evil.

"God, God, God!" She sings like only a mad woman could. "This is fantabulous," she chides while plucking out her compact and inspecting her face in a circular motion. She whips out a lipstick and rings her mouth a garish red. No sooner does she snap it shut than a strong knock vibrates against the door. "Look busy," she hisses. "Come in!" Her voice rides high and dangerous like a kite on fire ready to crash over a schoolyard. No wonder Ford ran the hell away from her. But, then, she is still working for his company... And he slept with her this fiscal quarter. Hey, maybe this wasn't my brightest idea?

"Ladies."

I twist in my seat, and my heart sinks. Ford stands tall and handsome like an athlete who cleans up well. My eyes magnetize to his navy suit. He looks as if he's ready to pose for GQ before dropping trou. Holy hell, he had better not expose himself in his underwear to Evilyn. I'm not above reverting her hair to its unruly state by way of pulling the crap out of it.

"What have we here?" She spikes to her feet and clops her way over with her feet wobbling out of her heels-the straps unhooked because she was too busy putting on her clown lips to buckle her shoes.

God, if this entire scheme backfires on me, I'll be a guest at their wedding. Claire would never be this stupid. But, then, Claire would be far more careful with her heart, and I've already had mine split in half. I can't just give it away if he has any feelings left for this woman. It's best they flush out their emotions and see what's left in the toilet before Ford and I take a single step toward the bedroom.

"These are for you." He hands her the flowers. "And this"-he produces a cup of coffee from behind his back-"is exactly how you like it."

"The Evelyn!" She squeals.

God, I hate the squealing.

"That would be it."

She goes in for a kiss, and he turns his cheek just enough.

His eyes meet up with mine, and I give a slight smirk of approval.

"What's the big project?" He asks as Evelyn plucks the coffee and flowers from his hands.

"Gravity." She clip-clops her way back, tossing the flowers onto her desk, and a handful of petals rain to my feet. "I'm having them go over the final details. The opening is just two weeks away. Can you believe it? We've dreamed of this club for years."

"Gravity?" I look to Ford. That last night we spent at Shipwrecks comes tumbling back, sucking me down in the undertow. A part of me feels as if I'm drowning again. I wonder if Ford will be the beautiful boy who pulls me to shore?

"It's my new business venture." He spreads the papers out with his thick fingers, and it takes all of my self-control to keep from placing my hand over his, leading him to my hips where I ache for him to be.

"Unique name." I lift a shoulder to him. "I bet Evelyn thought of it." I'm betting she didn't, but I'm happy to see her squirm.

Her face contorts as if trying to fit the square truth into the circular hole I'm sucking her into.

"Crawford thought of it." She sniffs hard into her defeat. "He's a genius. But I was right there with him." Her finger curls under his chin. "We were together in the biblical sense, and he was reading poetry to me beneath the sheets."

"Aww," Bella swoons into this disastrous news.

His eyes widen a moment. Clearly, it's nothing he wanted to share.

My mother's poems? It's taking all my restraint not to gag myself with a couple of those long-stemmed roses. He's taken his obsession with my mother to a tragic new pinnacle-in bed with Evelyn.

"Terri Heifer, right?" She nods at him as if to confirm her error. "She's Crawford's favorite writer."

"It's Eaton," I correct. "A heifer is a fat cow." I run my gaze down her hips, and she cringes. She can't be serious. She weighs a buck fifteen. Both of her thighs can fit into one of mine and still have room for one of her bony arms.

"Terri Eaton-and she's a poet." Ford nods and warms me with a smile that says I'm sorry more than it does anything else.

"Whatever." Evelyn wraps her stringy pale arms around him and pretends to dust his collar.

"I'd better get going." He carefully untangles himself from her gangly limbs. "You want to"-he grimaces at her for a brief moment-"hit dinner tonight?"

"A date?" She touches her hand to her chest as if he just suggested a public hanging.

"Just you and me." His gaze drops to his shoes before bouncing right back to meet hers.

"You can pick me up at seven." She says a little too loud. "I'll fill you in on all the little details regarding opening night. I've got plans that will bring all of Breakers Canyon to its dirty dancing knees."

"Sounds good." He walks by, his eyes tracing over my body as if committing it to memory. "Ladies."

Evelyn waits for the door to click shut before that false smile she pinned to her cheeks falls like an anvil.

"Flowers?" She spits it out, tossing the bouquet to the floor. "Coffee?" She pitches the cardboard tumbler, and her signature Evilyn latte splats over the wall like chocolate-colored brains.

"Shit," Bella whimpers.

"You"-she jabs her finger in Bella's direction-"get some rags from the supply room and clean this mess up."

"Yes, ma'am." Bella nods and cowers her way the hell out of here.

"A date?" Evilyn takes a seat on the lip of her desk. Her eyes reduce to slits of hatred as she narrows her suspicion on me. "I don't know how you did this, but I smell a Stevie-sized rat." She leans in hard and even then she can't produce cle**age. "Do you think you can outsmart me?"

Oh, little Evil-I pinch my lips shut to keep from grinning-I already have.

"How in the universe could I possibly outsmart you? I'm not the one with flowers." I glance longingly to the petals scattered all over the floor. "God knows I've always had a weakness for blood roses. I'm not the one with a steaming cup of Stevie to toss as I please." I look up at the dark stain blooming over the gray-colored wall with a twinge of elation. "And, I certainly don't have a coveted dinner date. I guess you're right. He's your soul mate. I'm just a ship that's already sailed out of port. One and done. He's tapped this well, and he's not thirsty for what I have to offer-"

"I get it. I get it." She spins as her hands fly to her ears. "It's really happening then." She falls over her desk and grips the edges as if she's about to give birth to an insane idea. A deep moan comes from her, and, for a second, I expect her to pant her way through the next several minutes. "If I find out you had anything to do with this." She twists into me. "If you're screwing with me in any way-" Her finger rises over me, and I snatch it and place it over her chest.

"How could I possibly convince Crawford Cannon to do all those things for you just to screw with your pretty little head? Do you honestly think I have that much power?" A dull laugh rattles through me without my permission. "Because if I did-if he did all those things just to please me-to turn you into some sort of a punch line, then watch out because there would be no stopping the things I could get away with."

Her mouth opens wide as she stares past me trying to sort out what's just happened.

"Then it's true. He's come back to me." She staggers forward. "I need to get out of here." She shuffles around collecting her purse and flicking off her shoes before hitching them over her thumb. "If anyone asks, I'm in a very important meeting."

I give a knowing nod. "Tanning salon?"

"Mani pedi, too. He loves me in a French manicure." She gets lost in thought a moment. "The things he does with that tongue." A groan escapes her as she barrels out the door.

Bella barges back in with an armload of towels.

"What the hell happened?" She marvels at the discarded roses.

"Hurricane Evilyn just happened." I pluck my phone from my purse and start taking pictures of every single document spread across the table.

"What are you doing?" Bella's voice squeaks to the ceiling.

"Never you mind. Why don't you clean that wall like she asked before she makes our lives a living hell?" I sit behind Evelyn's desk and note her laptop is open. My lips curve at how easy this is all going to be. "You clean, Bella. I'll secure our future."

And, with that, I start in on a snapping spree that spans the breadth of hours.

Lincoln and Kinsley meet me at the Trattoria, an Italian restaurant that overlooks the water just north of their home.

"Hugs, hugs," I say, pulling them both in as I arrive. The Trattoria is brimming with bodies tonight, all of which seem jovial to the point of hysteria. A Friday night will do that in L.A. It's an aphrodisiac that works better than vodka and makes all of our misery disappear for a few short hours. Well, their misery. Mine tends to linger.

"Did you hear what I said this morning?" Kinsley leans in with her eyes sprung wide and blue as a pristine sky. "You hung up before I could finish."

"Yes, I heard." I take a seat across from the two of them. "You're going to sleep with your brother and get paid for it."

Lincoln cinches back because obviously he hasn't been apprised.

"It'll be ground breaking television"-I continue-"of which will spawn a thousand copycats, and, before you know it, incest will be the new black."

"Right." Lincoln flags a waitress down. "Three Manhattans."

She takes off before I can protest.

"I wanted a strawberry lemonade." I live for the Trattoria's fresh squeezed lemonade with tiny bits of strawberry pinched into the glass. Next to sleeping with Ford, it's heaven on earth.

"And I'm driving." Kinsley knocks his elbow off the table.

"All that talk of groundbreaking television made me very thirsty." He's quick to defend his actions. "They're all for me."

I squint at him, wondering if an intervention is in his future.

"So where is it?" He flicks his fingers, and I produce my phone. I let him know I had some dirt on Jinx as I was leaving my dorm.

"Don't tell Dad," I say as I hand it over. "That's my department, got it?"

"Holy shit." He scrolls through the pictures. "You keep this up, and we'll shut them down in a week."

A week? Ford and those heated kisses he doled out spiral through me. A week isn't nearly enough time to-

"Stevie?" A woman calls my name from behind in a horrid screech. I glance back, and my body stings with a mild jolt of electrocution. There she is, all six-foot six inches of Evil.

"Evelyn?"

Her date! I search the vicinity for signs of Crawford Cannon, the man who's company I've set to ruin by way of the pictures Lincoln is currently scrolling through. Crap, crap, crap! I knew I should have stayed in my hidey-hole and not gone to the party that night. I would never be in this mess-and stealing Ford's company would feel like a boardroom victory not bedroom treason.

"This one." Lincoln waves my phone in the air while belting out a laugh. "What a f**king idiot!"

I spike up and push Evelyn back a safe distance from the table. "What are you doing here?" I hiss.

"I'm about to use the ladies room." She slits a murderous glare at Kinsley and Lincoln. "What are you doing?"

"We're about to have dinner. Aren't you supposed to be off somewhere bagging your boyfriend?" A hot spear cuts through me as I say those words. It doesn't feel right referring to Ford as anybody's boyfriend, certainly not Evilyn's. The only one who should be bagging him is me.

"We're just about to leave." She cuts a gaze past me to the far end of the balcony, and I know if I turn around, I'll find him. If I look at him I might break. I'm not sure I can stand the thought of Evil dragging him home and bagging him in any way, shape, or form tonight or any other night. "Stay put," she warns. "I'll make sure we head out the opposite direction." She trots back in a panic from where she came.

A loud crash emits from the balcony. One of Evil's hooves probably got out of control as she tried to make her escape. Honestly, I've never seen a woman so afraid of my vagina before. She never did use the bathroom. It's nice to know she'd risk losing a kidney just to keep him from noticing me.

"Moron."

"What are you mumbling?" Kinsley pulls me back into my seat. "Who was that woman?"

"That's her." I tilt into the two of them. "Those files are from her office." I widen my eyes as if to prove my point. "She's insane. She thinks I set her up by having him take her out on a date."

"Did you?" Lincoln says without missing a beat because we all know it's possible.

I lift a brow and smile.

"You're making him think you're not interested!" Kinsley gives me a congratulatory smack on the arm. "Did I steer you right, or did I steer you right?" She cackles as the waitress sets down our drinks-correction, Lincoln's drinks, and a basket full of breadsticks.

He cinches his head back. "You taking advice from Kins on love? You do remember the Ferrari incident, don't you?"

A breath gets caught in my throat. Kinsley once stalked a boy so thoroughly she snuck into the trunk of his Ferrari hoping for God-knows-what and ended up almost starving to death and suffocating from lack of oxygen. Three days she spent in the back of that rat-trap, pissing herself, crying herself to sleep, and almost landing me with another dead sister.

"Yes, I remember the Ferrari incident," I say almost catatonic. Lincoln is right, listening to Kinsley will land me pissing myself with misery. I jump from my seat and bolt toward the balcony. There's no way I can let this charade go on another minute.

I smack into a body, and the sound of glee escapes my throat. It must be destiny if we're bumping-

I glance up at a surprised sinewy boy with a bright red tie that reads Trattoria.

Oh. It's just a waiter.

A moment thumps by before I realize he's hoisted a family-sized platter of spaghetti over my head in order to avoid a pasta-based collision.

"Sorry." I pat his chest a moment using him as a human shield to scout the premises from around his shoulder. There they are. She's leading him out the back just like she planned.

"Not a problem." The poor boy tries to sidestep me, but I grab a hold of his collar.

"How would you like to make a quick hundred bucks?" I ask before leaning into his ear and whispering something I might deeply regret if I had a soul.

I sashay back to my seat. If all goes according to plan, my new friend Dan will divert the happy couple in this direction. I pull a Benjamin from my wallet and tuck it beneath the napkin inside the breadbasket.

"What gives?" Lincoln has already moved on to Kinsley's Manhattan.

"Just a moment of insanity." I blink a smile at my sister. "Of course, I'm going to stick to my guns. I have no intention of giving in to him. He made a fool out of me." I'm not sure I mean it, but for my siblings sake I go with it.

"He used you for sex." She bounces her breadstick in my direction.

A gurgle of protests comes from behind, and I cringe because it looks as if I'm about to get one hundred dollars' worth of entertainment.

"Please, Miss just step this way. I assure-"

A gasp-then a strangled cry for help ensues and I can only pray Evil has been newly accessorized with angel hair. I rubberneck along with the rest of the establishment. And there she is-the spaghetti queen of the Trattoria. My lips invert to keep from laughing.

Evelyn twitches out a tap dance, trying to shake off the excess noodles while her cream lace dress stains orange in a zigzag formation.

"Let's get you cleaned up right away." The waiter whistles and a small army of waitresses haul poor little Evie toward the restroom. He speeds over and gives a knowing wink. "I'll refill your breadbasket." He trots off a hundred dollars richer, minus one spaghetti platter.

Ford runs his fingers through his hair just as his eyes snag on mine, and he does a quick double take.

"Stevie?" He heads in my direction, and I meet him halfway.

"Are you stalking me?" My lips stretch into the grin they've been waiting to indulge in.

"Hardly." He scratches the back of his neck. "Evelyn likes to come here."

Evelyn likes to come here? As in they frequent the place together? I can't count how many times I've been here with Lincoln and Kinsley-with Aspen while she tries to escape that dolt she's leashed herself to. God, what if I've looked right at Evelyn and Ford and thought nothing of them? Or, God forbid that I ever thought they were a cute couple.

"I like to come here." The words slip from my lips far more desperate than anticipated. "Funny we ran into each other. I guess its destiny." And the going rate for destiny is about ten thousand pennies.

"It must be." Ford leans in with his gaze pressed against mine like he's trying to move a boulder. "I've tried your little experiment, and I'm glad to report I'm still not interested." He glances in the direction his spaghetti-laden date trotted off in.

I shift my gaze to the mouth of the establishment.

"The night is young." Any second now I except Evilyn to ride in on her broom and kick me in the teeth for lying to her. "Maybe you should see where things go?" I skim over his powder blue dress shirt rolled up at the sleeves, his khakis and worn Doc Martens. He has that sexy casual thing going on, enough to drive any business senior of the female persuasion wild-or intern for that matter. Ford's cologne rinses over me, warm and exotic-he holds the scent of wild nights at the beach house, and an entire flood of memories wash over me, take me down and pin me to the ocean floor as I succumb to how beautiful it all seemed at the time.

A panicked voice rails from the entrance-something about a lawsuit and the labor board. We turn to find Evelyn with her dress soaked down the front. The impression of her lace bra and panties shows through.

Ford cups my cheeks in his hand, grafting his gaze over mine. "I can take Evelyn on a thousand meaningless dates, and I would still rather be with you. Only you." His thumb brushes over my face before he pulls away. "Goodnight, Stevie."

I watch as he coolly walks toward the door.

Ford Cannon would rather be with me.

A satisfied smile blooms on my lips.

I'll have Ford with a cherry on top of the next carnal ice cream Sunday we share. Evelyn Perkins will never know what hit her.

I never said I was above throwing the spaghetti to the wall and seeing what sticks.

Lincoln catches my eye as he continues to scroll through my phone.

I might have Ford for a minute, but once he finds out what I'm up to, he'll be right back in Evilyn's twisted claws, wishing he never went to the party that night-wishing he never knew my name.

Claire would have handled this entire mess a whole lot better. Claire would never be knee-deep in revenge-based warfare with a man she's clearly falling for.

I wonder if that's why she never bothered to contact me from the great beyond like she promised?

I wasn't really worth the effort.

Ford

The weekend drags by with Carson inviting me to every party this side of San Diego and Evelyn vying for a reprisal of Friday night's pasta disaster. The waiter who left a tomato stain on our date should have been rewarded, hell, I should have tipped him as I left the restaurant, almost did.

A brisk knock erupts over the door, and I spring up, hopeful it might be Stevie. It's not. It's Carter.

"Come in."

We head to the sofa, and I turn down the volume on the game taking over the living room. I've always been a fan of college football, not so big on the pros, so I shut it off.

"What gives?" I lift my feet back onto the coffee table.

"Jinx gives." He taps his shin, and the cat pounces to him. "And I'm not talking about this one. Marvel Media and Virtuoso both made soft offers this afternoon."

"Bidding for my soul on a Sunday?" I shake my head at how f**ked up that feels. "I must be in the gallows and not even know it. Who the hell's Virtuoso?" We've all heard of Marvel Media. Next to Merlin, they're the only real competition out there.

"New kid on the block-lots of dough to back them. They're not firing empty cannons-and the pun is intentional. We need to reload and reload quick."

"I've got nothing."

"You've got an army working for you-innovative people with great ideas. Find one that works and implement it. Yesterday."

"Easier said than done, baby bro." I lean back hard and squeeze my eyes shut tight. My father was a brilliant man who could have untangled this knot if given half a chance. It's times like this I miss him most. He'd probably tell me to put out the biggest fire first. A thought comes to me. "Why didn't Merlin make an offer?" That old fart has been after me for a solid year, even invited me to his big summer bash last month. I thought it might happen then, that very night. I envisioned him leading me into some secret boardroom and me signing away the rights to everything I own, including my sanity because I was so drunk off my ass. That's specifically why I didn't touch a drop that night. About halfway to the venue, I had my driver pull off at his favorite bar and gave him money for the cab ride home. I drove myself there in the Town Car. I figured it would force me to stay sober knowing I had to arrive from point A to point B without a DUI. It was a first for me because I've never been sober for one of those events. I thought I'd hate the party even more, but I should write that old crotch a thank you note. That party led to the best two weeks of my life-the best person in my life-Stevie.

"You're thinking about her again, aren't you?" Carter has his arms folded in judgment and that you're-a-stupid-fuck look on his face.

"Can't help it. She's got this thing where she won't see me until I flush things out with Evelyn."

"What?"

"She wants me to, you know-give it a shot with Evelyn and see where it goes. If it dead-ends, she says she's in."

"Wait a minute. Stevie asked you to see Evelyn? After what you said happened at Shipwrecks?" He shakes his head. "Doesn't make sense."

"That's what I thought." I blow out a breath. "But nothing about Stevie makes sense to me. That's a woman for you, right?"

"Something is up. Why would a girl who's interested in you tell you to try to patch things up with your ex?"

I rack my brain for a decent answer.

"I may have told her Evelyn and I were together about a month ago." I hold up a hand. "I know-I'm a stupid f**k."

"You got that right. Never, and I mean never, tell a woman that you've just rolled out of another bed."

"Is that what happened with you and Aspen?" Every time Stevie talks about her sister, Carter's face lights up like a flare. I don't remember him half that giddy over his ex.

"Never mind what happened with me and Aspen." His voice fades considerably as he says her name. He looks up-his eyes wide with disbelief. "That's it. Stevie is telling you to connect with Evelyn so she can drive you insane."

"What?" Even if Carter somehow managed to break Stevie's Morse code, I'll still need a caveman's roadmap to understand it.

"Why else would a woman in her right mind tell you to hook up with your ex to see if the sparks are still flying? She knows it'll make you want what you can't have."

I think on it for a minute. It's true I want Stevie bad, and it makes me ache right down to my blue balls that she's not an easy one to pin down-at least not anymore. I'd give anything if I could go back in time and relive each delicious moment with Stevie melting in my mouth. I'd start with the truth right there at the party.

"You really think she'd do that? She doesn't strike me as the head game type."

"She's not. Stevie has always been a straight shooter-at least from what I saw of her. I don't know her that well. She's always been Aspen's slightly scary little sister."

"So what's the story with Aspen?" I know for a fact she's married. Stevie mentioned something about it when we were together. When we were together-that phrase sticks in my mind like the haunting chorus to some sappy country song. That's what we've become, the cliched lyrics to some chart topping twang.

The doorbell rings three times in quick succession.

"Saved by the bell." Carter darts across the room, and I follow like a lovesick puppy hoping for Stevie's beautiful face to appear on the other side-but it's not.

"Evelyn." Carter grins as he looks from her to me. "I was just leaving. Nice to see you coming around again."

"Maybe this time it'll stick." She waves a bottle of wine my way before strutting over in a pair of sky-high heels that bring us eye-to-eye. She's got her game face on, and a dress that qualifies as a shirt in most establishments. I can't, for the life of me, believe that Stevie would put me in a frying pan to see how long it took before my dick sizzled. Not that my dick wants anything to do with Evelyn. Both me and my dick are through with her.

Evelyn trots to the kitchen singing, I'll get the glasses before I can stop her.

"Hey," I nod at Carter until he strays back to the door. "So what should I do? Do I call her out on it?"

"Stevie?" He says her name lower than a whisper. "Yes. Be honest and talk to her about it. Let her know how you feel and, whatever you do, don't spend one minute screwing around with head games." He nods in Evelyn's direction when he says it. "They backfire each and every time." He closes his eyes a moment. "I should know."

"Got it." He takes off, and I head back in just as my phone rings. It's Stevie. Holy hell.

"Hello?" My voice spikes like a thirteen-year-old with a boner. That about sums me up around Stevie.

"Hi, um-" her sweet voice vibrates into my ear, and I savor it. "I was just thinking about you."

My heart slams against my chest, and a vision of my dad dropping to his knees floats through my mind. Wrong moment. I flush him back out.

"That's funny I was just thinking about you." Because I do it all the f**king time, but I leave that part out.

"Crawford?" Evelyn's voice wails through the house like a bullhorn. "Do you have any cheese in the downstairs fridge?" She clicks her way into the room, and I hold up the phone for a moment before letting myself out onto the porch.

Shit.

"Oh-I see you have company." There's a trace of a sarcastic drawl in Stevie's voice, and it burns through me like a blowtorch. "So you were thinking of me, huh? I bet you're ready to thank me for reigniting that flame between the two of you." Her voice perks unnaturally, and it makes me want to reach through the phone and land my mouth over hers to show her just what she's ignited in me-it's all for her, not a stitch of it for Evelyn, but I can feel my brain taking a U-turn. I never was good at listening to Carter or any of his sensible advice. After all, look where it landed him and the girl of his dreams-married to other people.

"I do have company." I relax on my heels. "We were just about to open a bottle of wine. Would you like to join us? I think I still have a bottle of Martinelli's in the fridge, so you won't feel too left out." I try to stop the laugh rattling in my chest.

"No thanks." It comes out flat. "I won't keep you."

"Suit yourself." I chew on the inside of my cheek as my adrenaline spikes. The last thing I want to do is get off the phone with her. "What is it that you called for?"

"Oh, um, never mind it was stupid."

My chest aches at the thought of her feeling bad-at the thought of her agonizing over something that's not really happening between Evelyn and me.

"Tell me, Stevie," I whisper. "I want to know what made you pick up the phone and call me. I want to know all of your thoughts, every last one." And there it is, I can't hold up this false wall for one more minute.

"I thought maybe we could talk about things." She swallows audibly, and I'm sucker-punched at the thought she might be crying. "Business stuff." She gives a hard sniff into the phone. "It can wait. I'll see you tomorrow."

But I don't see her the next day.

Stevie doesn't show up on Monday, Wednesday, or Friday.

She doesn't take any of my calls.

I think I know what she wanted that night on the phone.

I think she wanted me.

5

Feeling Alive

Stevie

Kinsley and Lincoln spent the entire last week trying to bully me into going back to Jinx and resuming operation tear Ford's heart out by way of his ass**le. But I didn't listen. I went to class then back to my dorm and buried my head under a pillow. Just the thought of seeing Evelyn's smug face made me want to claw my own eyes out. Bella had a miserable week without me, but she made the best of it by starting up an illicit-and very much forbidden-affair with Jener in the supply closet. I tried telling her that any guy who thinks she's supply closet worthy is a douche from go, but she's too busy glowing to listen.

Nevertheless I'm back, and I've dragged both Kinsley and Aspen with me. It's friends and family week at Jinx. I tried to get Lincoln to join in on the fun, but he was out clubbing all night and could hardly grunt into the phone.

The grounds are decked out like a carnival, complete with a midway and games equipped with cheesy stuffed animals, purple ponies and four-foot tall stuffed camels with crazy googly eyes. I won't lie. I want a camel.

"It's time to report for duty." I say from the side of my mouth as if anyone in the crowd cared.

"With the wicked witch?" Kinsley bops up and down. "Can't wait to meet her."

"You will, but I'm introducing you both as friends. She's wicked, but she's not stupid. And have I mentioned paranoid? Or at least she was until I hand fed her to Ford and watched as he took a big giant bite." I'm sure he washed her down with that bottle of wine they shared. The real reason I called that night was because I was feeling serendipitous and wanted to drag him to Shipwrecks for a repeat performance of those two glorious weeks condensed in just one night. I imagined us breaking into his brother's beach house by way of a broken window-me in Ford's arms as we crossed that shard-filled threshold. I'm not above a little breaking and entering when it comes to reliving that insanely delicious time in my life. Whatever ends up happening between Ford and me, I'll always cherish those weeks. He breathed new life into me in the most literal way. I keep trying to end my life at Shipwrecks and a beautiful boy keeps trying to save me.

Bella waves from where a crowd is forming. There's a shallow above ground pool erected behind her, and a couple of fellow interns are busy filling it with blue Jell-O.

"Blue raspberry!" Kinsley bounces with excitement.

"Down girl. There's not a drop of vodka in those cubes. And if Evilyn had a hand in the Kool Aid, it's probably laced with cyanide. Speaking of the monster..."

I spot the Evil Queen as she roars something out to Bella before tracking her gaze to me.

"Brace yourselves, girls. This Wicked Witch of the West doesn't play nice."

Evilyn swoops in so fast I'm half tempted to look for the broom. "Stephanie?" She blinks at me with her eyes ringed with black kohl. Her thick false lashes swoop up and down like moths. "Well"-she frowns, not bothering to hide the fact she's disappointed in my presence-"it's good to see you've recovered. Areola filled me in on your unexpected condition." Her features dim. "Good thing you're still alive and kicking." Her lids lower, that evil twitch she calls a smile curves on her lips. "I'd hate for you to miss all of the new developments that have taken place while you've been away."

"Developments," I parrot back. Bella told me all about Evilyn and Ford's lunch dates, the way he shows up each morning with her signature java, the way he sat in my chair and made light conversation all the live-long-fucking day. I. Get. It. They've reconnected, both on and off the field. She's probably already moved into his goliath estate, all the closer to share the wine. I'd like to break a bottle over their heads to christen the union.

A couple of girls hop into the pool full of blue goo, and the crowd erupts in cheers. They've donned their requisite Jinx string bikinis, each with a tail attached to the back and a pair of cat ears sunk over their heads. They start going at it, clawing and squealing, slapping their slicked skin over one another, much to the crowd's delight.

I turn to Kinsley and Aspen and smirk. "Another day, another cat fight."

Evilyn steps out and inspects my sisters. "And who are these lovely young ladies?"

Everyone is young in comparison to the Evil One. I've already surmised she's about Ford's age which puts her a good decade ahead of me.

"My sis-sorority sisters." I shrug into them. "This is Kinsley, and this is Aspen. Kinsley is the new star of The Fortune of Tomorrow."

"I'm sleeping with Dillon Collette later this afternoon." Kins give a goofy love-struck grin. Should I be worried about the fact she's sleeping with her married faux-brother?

"Charming." Evilyn sneers at me as if I've emitted a foul odor.

"And this is-" Before I can get another word out, Carter appears with Ford by his side.

"Aspen." Carter stares into her eyes as if he's fallen into a field of poppies, and any minute I think he's going to have a real live wet dream that will prove to be far more entertaining than anything that tub of Jell-O can provide. "You look beautiful."

"Really?" Kinsley drops the sunglasses from the top of her head until they settle on her nose. "Because she looks married to me." For whatever reason Kinsley likes Henry the Tool.

Aspen glowers at Kins before stepping away with Carter. My stomach pinches at how cute they are. How in the hell did two people who were clearly meant to be together end up with the wrong partners in life?

I turn and rake my eyes over Ford. I haven't seen him in a good week. My entire body wants to bend to him the way a dying plant twists toward the sun.

"Stephanie." His lips expand in a brief grin. "You look well. Arabella said you were feeling under the weather. I'm glad to see you back at Jinx where you belong." He's playing it cool because of Kins. He's pretending he never called a thousand times, begging me to pick up the phone. But why all the lunches? All the chit chat sessions with Evelyn? Unless of course... unless he's turning the tables.

I cut an uneasy glance to Kinsley before meeting his gaze again.

"Why, I am feeling better-so much so that I'd jump in that vat of sugar and wrestle you to the ground to prove it."

Evilyn appears from nowhere.

"What did you say?" Her dark eyes narrow like the closing of the gates of hell.

Crap. I whimper and hate myself for it.

"I said, I'm so healthy I can-"

"I heard you." She steps in further with her lids slit to nothing. A horrible idea percolates in that wicked brain of hers. I can smell it sizzling like flesh over an open fire-my flesh to be exact. "I think jumping in that vat of sugar is the best idea you've had yet." Her lips expand like the lancing of a wound. "After the girls from HR finish up, I think you and Arabella should do just that."

It's the first time she hasn't referenced Bella as a slightly vulgar body part, and I know why. I glance to Ford.

"You want me to what?" God-she can't be serious. For one, I'm wearing a slightly translucent white silk top that Kinsley swore showed just enough skin to make Ford want to take a peek inside, not to mention a pair of white matching Seven jeans.

Evilyn eyes my outfit as if reading my mind. She's such an obvious bitch.

"Wrestle." She snarls it out so fast it sounds like a growl from an overgrown land mammal-oh, wait, she is one. Too-tall Evilyn belongs in a cage.

"Did someone say wrestle?" Bella hops over with a goofy grin on her face. "I choose Jener with one n." She says it loud enough for him to hear, and he mock dives into the pool. God, this just gets worse. Doesn't she know she's going to give the evil monster the exact fuel to kick her out of the program? I'll have to go over the rules with Belle tonight. Being stealth isn't her strong suit. I glance to Ford, and my panties melt to nothing. Apparently it isn't mine either. Ford has his hands stuffed into his pockets-that amused look on his face that says something other than what the occasion calls for. It's like he's seeing me, believing we're still together and that everything works out for us in the end. I wish I could have the confidence he does.

"No." Evilyn swallows down the words you twat wad-we are after all in mixed company-those verbal love pats are just for home. "Not you and Jener. You and Stephanie are going to wrestle."

Who the hell does she think she is? Do I look like some show pony she can just push into a puddle of gelatinous carbs whenever she feels the need? Wouldn't she just like to see me get slopped up in front of Ford.

"I'm sorry, but I didn't realize it was bring your bathing suit to work day." I try to control my underlying rage. "I'm afraid I'm out." I manufacture a smile just for the handsome man standing by my side.

"Oh, I'll go in with my clothes." Bella volunteers, and I cringe.

"Looks like we've got at least one team player." Evelyn pats Bella on the head. "But you won't have to, we have plenty of bathing suits to go around." She leans into me. "I think you're just not giving this internship your all. Dr. Bennett called on Friday and said you didn't miss a single day of class this week." She twists her lips. "If I didn't know better, I'd think you were avoiding me. And here we were just starting to be good friends." She leans in and whispers, "What's the matter, Stevie? Are you suddenly allergic to cats?"

Kinsley emits a low-lying growl. Clearly Evilyn has just unleashed my sister's inner psycho-and, with Kins, she didn't have far to go. This is going to get ugly fast if I don't get things under control. What would Claire do? She'd probably defuse the situation by telling some lame joke then politely asking where the nearest dressing room was. Of course, I'd be cheering her on. Hoping to high heaven she'd kick some blue Jell-O ass of the Evil variety.

Ford steps between us. "You don't have to." His eyes pierce through me like flames, and I pause from my boiling rage to swoon a moment. Every inch of me craves to touch him. My mouth demands to bond with his. Those are my lips, my hands, my body he's lending to all the wrong people. How could he take Evilyn-the rat-faced giraffe, out to lunch each day? Doesn't he know he belongs to me?

I hate this confusion, and I hate that my stupidity got the ball rolling in this heartbreaking direction.

"You're right, I don't have to." I sidestep him and press my finger into Evilyn's chest. "I want to." I give her a quick jab as she stumbles backward, her mouth gaping wide as if I've just pulled out a 45 and blew a hole through her left tit. "You know why I want to, Evilyn?" That's right, I said it. "Because I am a team player. Now get the darn bathing suit. I'm going in." I roar it into her mouth like I'm going in for a kiss, and she flails and spins. Her foot catches on an errant hose, and she falls face first into the jiggling makeshift pond.

"Holy, holy!" I cup my mouth.

God, she fell in! She fell in, and I didn't even mean for that to happen! Gah! She's going to think I planned this-that I plotted this out like some maniacal Jell-O mastermind. My internship is done, and now I'll never get to take over Jinx like I wanted-correction, my father wanted. What exactly is it that I want?

Evilyn rises from the muck like the creature from the black lagoon-or, in this case, blue.

"You!" She lets out a blood-curdling roar, and all festivities cease around us. "You get in here right this f**king minute."

"No...no," I stammer, backing away. This is not where this day is going. I was just about to morph into Claire and tell a lame joke and ask for a bathing suit. I look to Ford in a panic. "I swear I didn't plan this."

His eyes press into mine, sad and elated all at once.

Kinsley pushes me toward the glibbery mess before he can respond.

"What are you doing?" I scream, trying to stop the momentum she's induced on my five-inch heels.

"If your boss says get in there, that's exactly what you'd better do." She leans in and whispers. "Kick some Wicked Witch ass." Kinsley sends me into the blue pool of Jell-O with an unceremonious belly flop-or more to the point jelly flop.

Crap. I thrash my way to my feet, losing both shoes in the process. Kinsley owes me a new pair of Pradas when this day is through. Not that they were mine to begin with, I sort of siphoned her discards since we're blessed with the same shoe size. Okay, so I'm a half-size up, but cute shoes are worth a few crooked toes.

I stagger my way toward Evilyn's slimy, panting body. She's horrible and treacherous and deserves to have her lungs filled to the brim with this gelatinous blue confection. I hop onto her hips, forcing her to sink to her knees. We reduce ourselves to shrieks and hair pulling, and, before I know it, we're both submerged, writhing over one another like we're about to take this wrestling match to a whole other level.

"I hate you!" She shrills through the air pockets. It's easy enough to breathe down here, after all-too bad.

"Well, I hate you!" I twist until she's pinned beneath me with all four limbs. "And why the hell would you hate me?" I gurgle the last few words as a piece of Jell-O slithers down my windpipe, threatening to end my life. Surprisingly, I like blue Jell-O, and now my stomach is growling because I forgot to eat breakfast. I press my mouth over her ear. "I gave you Ford on a silver platter."

Her body goes rigid. Her muscles contract, but Evelyn doesn't move. Then, in a fit of resurgence, she catapults me in the air and jackknifes over my body, knocking the air from my lungs and sinks me back to the bottom. She jumps up and down victoriously as the crowd goes wild, and a bell goes off making her victory complete.

"It looks like it's interns zero and chief executives one!" Jener burps it out through a megaphone.

Crap. It takes all my effort to stand and stagger to the side where Kinsley and Aspen help free me from this murky prison. Evilyn is carted off to who knows where, flanked with every female employee in the vicinity.

"Well, if that didn't boost employee-intern relations I don't know what will." I try to dust the sticky mess off my body, but it's no use.

Ford and Carter head over, and I cringe.

"Kill me," I whisper as my blue feet slap down over the sizzling concrete. "Does my hair look good?"

"Oh, sweetie." Aspen wrinkles her nose, pushing my wet tresses behind my ear.

"Stephanie." Ford says my name with a pained look on his face. His hands are stuffed into his pockets, and he's rocking on his heels as if he's unsure what to make of what just happened.

God, he's going to evict me from my internship right here in front of Kinsley and Aspen, and now Lincoln will be damn unhappy he missed the show. I should have known nothing good would come from friends and family day. I can just imagine my father's reaction when he hears of how it all went down. I'll no longer be the black sheep of the family. I'll be the blue sheep.

"How about I help you get cleaned up?" Ford's eyes smile for him as he extends a hand. "I'll take you home."

Aspen hands me my purse, and I walk off with Ford, barefoot, without so much as a goodbye. Screw Evilyn and her ridiculous boundaries. Screw trying to hack my way into my father's heart with an ice pick. I just want to follow Ford and those beautiful, ironically Jell-O blue eyes wherever the hell they lead me.

And I do.

Ford lands me next to him in his silver Range Rover with its tan-soon to be Smurf-interior and drives us straight to the beach. Our beach. Shipwrecks.

He parks in the driveway of his brother's house and leads me around the back to the pristine white beach where my toes happily sink into the warm sand. The ocean is a demanding shade of cerulean as the whitewash coils onto the shore, curling its fingers, trying to lure us inside. Ford must think the same thing because he sweeps me off my feet and races us toward the waterline.

"Don't you dare!" I scream so loud it comes out indistinguishable. His feet thump against the damp sand like a barrel drum, slow and steady, and for the briefest moment I'm transported back to those carefree days before the internship, before I ever knew a witch like Evelyn existed. We're back again, under a dragon's blood sky getting ready to make wishes, to make love.

Ford wades us into the water, his chest heaving in and out of breath.

"Should we go in slow or dive in quick and get it over with?" His hair is dotted with silver beads as the marine layer boils over the sand.

"Why do I get the feeling whatever I say you're going to do the opposite?" My panting ceases long enough for me to examine him like this with a wide, toothy smile, those resplendent dimples that he has to work to show off.

"Pick one and you'll see."

"I want to dive back in."

He squints into me, the smile sloping off his face. "Sometimes diving into things is the best way to do it."

I meant us, but he seizes the moment, and I pinch my nose just as we go under. The heat of the day melts off my body right along with the sticky syrup, and I take advantage of the moment by tangling my limbs around his, combing my fingers through his soft as silk hair. The ocean spits us out onto the shore, and I'm lying on top of him with my legs pinned beneath his back.

The water sizzles and retracts as it races back to the sea.

Ford buries his gaze in mine and clasps his hand onto the back of my neck as if he's about to demand a kiss. If he does, I won't deny him. I don't have the strength to deny him a sigh if he asked for it.

"You are so damn beautiful." He whispers right over my lips.

"You make it sound like an insult."

"Believe me"-he rolls me onto my back and presses my hands above my head-"it's anything but."

"I see you're pinning me properly." I glance up at his hands fettered over my wrists. I stop shy of mentioning Evilyn and her-less-than-spectacular techniques. "I could have taken you in that blue pool."

"I would have liked to have seen it." He loosens his grip, and I clasp my fingers over his to keep him from moving.

"Who told you to let go?"

"I'm not letting go, Stevie." He drills his gaze into mine. "I'm never letting go of you no matter how hard you try to push me away. I'm here. I'm all yours whether you want me or not. I've already slid my heart across the table. I'm just hoping you'll take it."

A cold wave crashes over us, honest as a slap.

"Why do I get the feeling you willed that to happen?" His chest rumbles with a laugh as the water glides back from where it came. "You put on quite a show earlier."

"You think she'll keep me around for kicks?" I make a face because we both know she has the power to end my internship at the flick of her wand.

"I think she'll keep you around because you're a bright intern who I would love to see grow within the company." He touches a finger to my lips, and the birds stop midflight, the plane overhead pauses above the ocean, the world seems to halt when he looks at me this way. Ford has the ability to make me feel like I'm all that exists. As if everything else dissolves around me, and it's just the two of us. "Besides," it comes from him hoarse-"I'm sort of hoping to teach you the ropes myself one day. Come June, you'll have a job waiting for you." He glides his thumb over my cheek, looking down at me with an affection in his eyes that I've never experienced. "It's yours if you want it."

"Really?" I hike up on my elbows nearly head-butting him in the process. "I've never held down a corporate job before, not unless you count the Orange Julius at the mall, but that lasted two weeks, summer after tenth grade, and they let me go." I shrink a little. "I may have tasted a customer's drink after she complained it was too sweet and told her it was fine. Not my brightest moment."

"Lucky for us both, there's nothing for you to sip at Jinx. We're strictly interested in world domination." He pulls us higher up on the beach and slides me into his lap.

"Nothing to sip huh?" I twist into him. "Evilyn has a drink."

"Evil-lyn." His chest bounces, taking me for the ride right along with him. "It never gets old. I suppose she earned that nickname. And, yes, she has a drink, doesn't she?" He shakes his head and peppers me with water from his hair. "Sorry if she's making you miserable. I think she might be onto how I feel about you. Her guard is up."

Oh, she knows all about us I want to say. Or at least she thinks she does.

"Her guard should be up." I run my finger down his wet shirt and stop just shy of his belt. "How are things going between the two of you?" I bear hard into his eyes. Here it is. If he says he hates her yellow, coffee-colored guts, I'll confess to how I feel, and we can have a real From Here to Eternity moment on the beach.

Ford presses right back with a twinge of sadness as if he's just as lost at sea as I am, and we can't seem to navigate this relationship back to port where it belongs.

"It went well." His smile fades, the light leaves his eyes. "Evelyn and I are doing well."

And there it is.

I guess Evelyn wins both in and out of the Jell-O.

His arms tighten around my waist, and his chest expands. He's saying something with his eyes.

I call bullshit. Evelyn and Ford are not doing well. I think he's trying to turn the tables. At least I hope he is. Let's see if I can't turn them right back where they belong-with the Jinx fur ball in my court.

At the end of this fiasco, I want Ford and Jinx. I'm just too stupid to realize I can't have both.

Claire would have known better. She would be rolling in her grave if she could see me now, if she had a grave-if my mother hadn't reduced her to ashes. I look out to the steely Pacific, lick the salt on my lips and taste Claire. In the mother of all ironies, she's right here with us, on us. This was her final resting place, and now she's coating us like a glaze. She would have handled everything better.

Claire should have been the one to live.

She would have loved Ford the right way. He would never be taking anyone else to lunch. He certainly wouldn't be lying about how well their relationship was going.

Nope.

The wrong twin died, and now everybody has to pay.

Ford

We let ourselves into the beach house. I left my wallet and keys in the car. Stevie left her purse. Lucky for us, all were present and accounted for when we got back. That's the thing about Shipwrecks, it's about the only place on earth you can feel safe. I ride my eyes over Stevie's perfect body as she hops on the couch, wearing one of Cash's old T-shirts like a dress. I feel safe with Stevie. That's funny, I can't remember a single person I've felt safe with since my father. My mother was never into coddling. Her parenting technique was more the chew-you-up-and-spit-you-out brand of tough love. Then she remarried, and she and Carson Senior were too busy adding to the family to notice Carter and me. By the time Carson and Cash came along, I felt like I was already on my own. And then she left.

"What's on your mind?" Stevie fans her long, tan legs over the couch, and my dick pinches. I threw on Cash's shorts and an old Misfits shirt I bought him at a concert once.

"My family, mostly my dad." I head over with two cups of coffee and set them down before gliding in next to her. She sits up, and I slip my arm around her shoulder, friendly but enough to let her know I'm all in for more. I wish I never let her believe that Evelyn and I stood a chance. I should have never led us down this demented path. Carter is always right, and, yet, I never choose to listen. "What's on your mind?"

"I was thinking about Claire." She rests her head on my shoulder, and it feels like we're finally home-as if we were on some extraordinarily long, exhausting journey and we finally found our way back to one another. "Claire and I used to come to Shipwrecks."

"Really?" This beach house was the go-to locale for all our family summer vacations once Mom remarried. Carson and Cash's grandmother gifted it to them just before she died. Then Carson lost it in a bet, and I paid twice what it was worth to get it back. Gave it to Cash one year for his birthday. "Did you rent a beach house?" My fingers comb through her hair. I remember a lot of the girls that roamed these shores, but not a single one of them was as beautiful as Stevie. But then, I guess she would have been much younger than the girls I was trolling.

"Rent a beach house? Are you kidding?" She looks up, laughing with her hand gliding across my chest. "We were just this side of destitute. My mother made sure to keep us as far away from my father's money as possible. Top Ramen was a five star meal. No, we didn't rent anything at Shipwrecks." Her hand slinks up my shirt and scratches my stomach before she plucks her fingers out like retracting them from a meat grinder. "Ooh, sorry."

"I'm not." I drop a quick kiss onto the top of her head, and she doesn't bolt or slap me, so I take it as a good sign. My entire body swells with relief.

She lays her head over my chest again. "My grandmother used to bring us-just my sister and me. She would pack a lunch, crazy things like melon kabobs, and all of the locals would ask where we got them. I think we started a trend because we would see them now and again and laugh."

"I remember those." I pull back and inspect her features. "So you're the one that started the melon craze. You sponsored lots of sword fights. I almost lost an eye once, no thanks to Carter and his crappy aim. They were delicious by the way." I give her shoulder a quick squeeze. "So what does your father do?"

Her muscles tense beneath me. "My father?"

"You mentioned your mother kept you far from his money."

"Oh." Her cheeks ashen as she twists into me. "Investment banking or something equally boring. How about yours? You mentioned you were thinking about your dad." She blinks in quick succession as if happy to steer the conversation in another direction. I can tell it's not easy for her to talk about her family.

"My dad..." I shake my head and fill my lungs with the memories. "He was a great guy. You would have liked him. He spent every weekend teaching Carter and me how to toss a ball. Mostly me since Carter was younger when my dad passed away. I was ten, so I remember him." A fist forms in my throat. "He said I could do anything, be anything I wanted-all I had to do was believe. He wanted me to knock the fire hydrant off my dreams and see how far up they could go."

"And you did." She melts into me like chocolate on a warm day. This is my dream-right here with Stevie.

"Yup. Built Jinx from the ground up and all the while I could hear him cheering me on." A dull groan sirens through me. "Sure wish he could have lived to see it. Wish my mom would have stuck around, too."

"Sorry about your mom. And I wish your dad could have lived to see it, too." She lowers her lashes and loops her finger around the hair at the base of my neck. "I wish Claire were here. She was much better than I am-than I could ever hope to be. She always did everything right. Sometimes I wonder if the Big Guy upstairs launched the lightning bolt at the wrong Eaton sister. Claire would have dominated in life. She was a people person. I'm sort of flailing while attempting to dodge the human race as a whole."

I run my finger slowly over her jaw until I hook her chin and lift her eyes to mine.

"You're not dodging me." I bring my mouth close to hers. "Thank you for that."

"Yes, well. You sort of kidnapped me and baptized me in the ocean before forcing me into nothing more than a T-shirt. You are a very hard person to ignore." A coy smile floats up her cheek. "Thank you for that."

"Kidnapped?" I trace her lips with my finger and try to keep from shaking. I want to land my mouth over hers in the worst way. My will is weak, stretched to the limit like a rubber band ready to snap. I want to devour her, go off on her body like a tiger in the wild. It feels impossible to hold back. "I was sort of hoping you wanted to be here."

Her warm, soulful eyes widen, and I wonder if we're pushing too fast. This place, the things that happened here feel far too easy to fall back into. It's as if reality doesn't exist at the beach house. What I need to do is build what we once had here and multiply it to include everywhere else on the planet.

She takes a deep breath and curls into me like a kitten. "If you could say anything to your father right now, what would you tell him?"

"Good question." I try to imagine what my father might say about Stevie and how I've managed to botch the situation. "I'd tell him I love him, and then I'd thank him for being the best dad a kid could ever have."

She looks up with that mournful smile. "I think you'll make a great dad someday." There's a hint of sorrow in her voice as if she won't be around to see it. "You're kind, and you have a big heart."

I let her words soak in for a moment. "Thank you." And here I am making her believe Evelyn and I have anything worth fighting for. "And you're going to make a great mom. You're generous and give the best hugs." I tighten my grip around her. Stevie's arms flex around my waist, and she gives a squeeze, affirming my theory.

"When was I generous?" She pulls back amused, and her arms dislodge from my waist far too soon.

"When you bathed me with ice cream a few weeks back. You were anything but greedy. You made sure there was enough to cover both of our bodies."

A laugh trembles from her. "You!" She swats me with a pillow, and I steady her waist to keep her from pulling away.

"Get back here." I slip her over my lap, and her arms fall around my neck. "If Claire were here, what would you tell her?" I don't want the conversation to steer too far from the tender place we've drifted. I know that as much as she misses her sister, she needs to talk about her. That was the hardest part about losing my father, never having anyone to talk to about him-and then my mother after that. I never believed for a minute that she just took off. Not one article of clothing was missing. She took nothing but her purse and the few dollars she had in her wallet. After years of not wanting to believe it, I came to the conclusion she might have met with foul play. My stepfather believed it from the beginning, but it was easier for me to think she took off rather than that someone had her tied up-doing God knows what to her.

I swallow hard and sniff into Stevie's neck to stave off the tears.

She sags with a sigh. "Claire." She closes her eyes a moment and moans. "God, I'd tell her I miss her and that she's the biggest liar in the universe because she never came back to get me. She never wandered into my dreams or haunted me like she swore she would." Stevie blinks away the tears, looking up at me with dew-filled lashes. "She was supposed to check out the lay of the land-tell me if there was really no night in heaven." Stevie settles her hand over my bare stomach, and I hold her there. "Sometimes I think when my mother had her cremated, she incinerated her soul, too. Either that or Claire is so far removed that even if God himself asked her about me, she'd wonder who I was. She's forgotten this earth and me like a bad dream."

"Not true." I land a kiss over the top of her head and freeze with my lips to her hair a moment too long.

"Whoa." She glides back, extracting her hand from my shirt. "Old habits die hard. Anyway, enough about my sob story." She wipes her face with the back of her hand. "Did you and Evelyn kiss?"

"What?"

"You know-over the last couple of weeks. You said things were going well, and that's a surefire sign of things progressing nicely." A strangled intensity crops up in her voice. "Everyone knows a kiss can say more than a thousand words." Her lips fall open as she touches my mouth with her finger. "It can mean more than every word in the dictionary combined." She traces my lips as her eyes latch onto mine. "Sometimes a simple kiss can untangle an entire knot of feelings and sort things out far quicker than a hundred conversations."

"Sounds powerful."

Her finger falls into my mouth, and I trap it gently with my teeth.

"It is." It comes out hoarse as she plucks her finger free.

I bounce my gaze to each of her eyes. I want to tell her that every peck I've ever shared with Evelyn, with anyone, was pale as death compared to her life giving, mind bending kisses. What we shared was from the soul-a gift from God pressed down and shaken, overflowing with an abundance of emotion that most people will never experience.

"So have you done it? Did you kiss her?" Her eyes widen. Her voice shakes out the words in less than a whisper.

"Evelyn and I haven't kissed. We're saving it for the wedding." I flat line.

"Very funny." She picks up the pillow and gives me a swat. "You should do it." Her lips twitch up one side as if saying we shouldn't. "I think that's how you'll really know if you're still in it." She glances around the room as if she were scouting for a missing pair of keys. "I think I'm ready to go home now."

A vat of silence spills into the room, and we just stare at one another as if we're in a standoff.

She wants me to kiss Evelyn. I give a tired blink. I don't think I'm going to land my lips over any part of Evelyn Perkin's body, but I do think I'm going to call Stevie on her bluff. What woman in her right mind would encourage someone she's interested in to kiss another person? An ex no less?

Unless, of course-my heart sinks like an anchor-Stevie was never interested in me to begin with.

I don't believe it for a minute.

Or at least my ego refuses to embrace the idea.

Nope. Stevie Eaton wants me just as much as I want her, but something-or someone-is standing in our way.

Ironic that I could build a multibillion-dollar enterprise from nothing overnight and yet not have a single clue when it comes to women. The more I fall in love with Stevie, the further she seems to slip-and it just makes me want her that much more. If Carter is right, and her plan is to make me beg for mercy, then my dick and I are dying to salute her genius.

Carter calls a late night board meeting, so as soon as I drop Stevie off at her sister's house I head back to Jinx. I would have dropped Stevie off at her dorm, but she was adamant that no one should see us together this late at night, especially anyone who might be interning at Jinx. I'd feel like a sack of shit if she were cut from the program because of me, but I'm sure a hefty donation to the Rigby School of Business would cover a multitude of sins.

I barrel into the boardroom and find two of my brothers with Evelyn seated between them. They nod toward me with matching long faces.

"What's up?" I'm almost afraid to ask. I glance at the company logo etched over the glass door one more time and wonder if it's finally happened, if I've lost my company for good.

"Gravity is up." Cash's voice booms from the open laptop, and I give a slight nod in his direction.

Carter hands me his phone, and I scroll through pictures of some garish nightclub with glorified Christmas lights strung up all over the place.

"Opened last night." Carter's chest expands with disapproval. "It was pretty cool." He leans over to Carson, and they share a quick fist bump. I'm not sure if they're serious or just mocking me.

"What was pretty cool?" I glance to Evelyn. "What in the hell are they talking about?"

"It would seem"-she clears her throat, sits straight as a pin before answering-"someone in Breakers Canyon had the exact same idea. Open a bar downtown that gives any L.A. piss-hole a run for its money." Her eyes remain steadfast on the table, too afraid to meet mine, and that's not like her. "They've got a long line of A-listers ready and willing to play night after night." She looks up without moving her head. The shadows catch her in all the wrong places, giving her a demonic appeal. "They stole it from you. They stole your idea and your name. Whoever did this had it up seemingly overnight."

My stomach bottoms out like I just took a rooftop nosedive, and I did.

"Whoever it is, they've got money." Shit. Gravity was my baby. That was supposed to be my thank you to the army of employees that swarm the hive, day in and day out. Without them, Jinx wouldn't be what it is today, and I know it.

"And lots of it." Carson takes the phone and thumbs through a few pictures before enlarging one of some dude grinding against a redhead. "You know who this is?"

I scour the picture trying to find something remotely familiar but it's too damn blurry. "Nope."

"That's Hans Lionheart's son. That's their new business venture. It looks like Lionheart is the one that has it out for you."

"No shit." I look over the blond dude again trying to remember if I saw him that night at the party but keep coming up empty. "How did he do it? How the hell did he snake my club's name-my entire club, from underneath me?"

"Lionheart must have a spy." Cash leans into the monitor, resting his chin on his hand. "Looks to me like you've got a mole, buddy. Figure it out. It's time to exterminate."

Carter sits back and gives a startled blink.

"What's the matter?" He knows something. Carter looks as if his balls have just been deep-fried.

"Nothing." He checks his phone. "I have to run. Cheryl mentioned Abby has an earache, and I told her I'd stop by." He ejects himself from his seat so fast you'd think the walls were in flames.

Cash signs out. Carson is quick to leave, and soon it's just Evelyn and me sitting across from one another, staring each other down like we're about to draw weapons.

"Where did you go this afternoon?" Her eyes boil with jealousy. Her mouth opens just enough for me to see the dark cave of her soul. At the end of the day, it was never fair of me to toy with Evelyn, especially not by plying her with flowers and dinner. Crap. I can't seem to get anything right.

"I went to the beach house-counted sailboats for a couple of hours. And you?"

Her chest thumps as if she swallowed down a laugh.

"I stayed right here. There was a breakthrough with Jeneration Jinx. It looks like it'll be ready to launch a full three weeks early." She gives a single nod. "Screw Lionheart and his cheap, wannabe nightclub. He can have Gravity." Evelyn swoops over and sinks into my lap before I can stop her. "What we've got is going to turn the world on its ear." Her mouth comes in for the kill, and I turn my head at the last moment.

I guess I lied to Stevie when I said she could ask the world, and I'd give it. There is one thing I wouldn't do for her, and that's land my mouth anywhere near Evelyn's. I don't need a good old-fashioned spit swap to know I don't have any feelings floating around for her. We're as shallow as we've always been, nothing but a dried up creek.

What Stevie and I have is thousands of leagues beyond this, buried deeper than the sea. All I ever felt for Evelyn is a cheap form of infatuation.

What I'm feeling for Stevie is something far more genuine.

I think they call it love.

6

Mercury Rising

Stevie

The evening clouds tumble in every shade of cinder, fluid as smoke as I try not to shiver in the damp clothes Ford dropped me off in. Aspen asks if I can give her and Henry a minute, so I make a beeline for the balcony. There's a beat up wicker chair that's doing its best impression of Einstein with its spindles going haywire in every direction. It looks like it might hold me, so I take a seat and admire the bruised night sky. The wind picks up, biting me with its icy razor teeth. My fingers are so frozen they burn from the sting.

I glance over my shoulder to see if my sister has managed to plant a butcher knife in her husband's skull yet. I may be dying of hypothermia, but I'm still up for hiding a body.

They're still going at it, arguing red-faced with veins popping out the sides of their necks. It seems I arrived in time to witness yet another stress fracture in their already fragile nuptials. Henry is tight-fisted, his entire body animates with rage. God, it looks like he's just seconds from smacking her into tomorrow. A part of me wants him to make a move so I can go in there and shred him from head to toe with my fingernails. I'd take that meat mallet he has on the counter and jam it down his every orifice. Heck, if Aspen won't help me hide the body, I'm pretty sure Lincoln would. We could chop Henry-the-not-so-great into pieces and leave bits of him all around the Hollywood sign. That way he can get the fame and notoriety he's always thought he deserved. Which reminds me... I fire off a group text and beg Kinsley or Lincoln to rescue me. I'd ask Bella, but she's never been to Aspen's Hollywood hideaway.

"Stevie?" Aspen whispers as she slips outside.

"Escaping your captor?" I stare wide-eyed at my disheveled sister. Her hair expands around her face like a bush, and her mascara streams down in muddied rivers, evidence of tears.

"Oh, shush." She swats me on the shoulder as she takes a seat on the edge of a sun-bleached barrel. "I got your text."

"Sorry about that." Note to self, take Aspen off group messages the next time I send an SOS. "Everything okay?" I glance back inside. "If you want we can give you a lift to the battered woman's shelter." My voice is tight with sarcasm, but she knows I'm telling the truth.

"Stevie." Her head falls into her hands. Her back trembles, and it dawns on me she's actually crying. I don't think I've ever seen Aspen with so much as a frown on her face, and it all becomes real.

"That's it. You're coming with me." I get up and charge into the house.

"No, Stevie, don't!" She tries to pull me back by the elbow, but I head to the kitchen and pluck a trash bag from the pantry. "We're getting your shit together." I storm past her and head into the bedroom. The bathroom door is open, and I can hear him pissing like a racehorse. I duck into her closet and start tossing shoes and stacks of jeans into the white plastic bag until a heel spikes through and tears open the side.

"Would you stop?" Aspen tries to wrangle her belongings from me, but I hold steady, stuffing in a few blouses in the process.

"What the f**k?" Henry explodes into the tiny space, pulling Aspen back like a ragdoll. "You trying to hurt my wife?" The veins in his neck wiggle like poisoned worms. His dark hair is thick and wiry. The purplish cast to his face lets me know he's been drinking. Henry is a notorious boozer. He literally pisses their money away.

"No-I believe that would be you." I hold up a spiked heel like a weapon, pausing for minute to admire it. When did Aspen get red stilettos?

"What's going on?" His voice diminishes to nothing as he cups Aspen's face in his hands. "Baby, did she hurt you?"

"No." She gently pulls him away, her voice sweetly sick. She's trying to defuse him like a bomb. "Stevie just-she just wanted to borrow some clothes." She shoves the bag in my arms and yanks me out of the closet. A horn blares outside, three times fast. "That's probably Lincoln." Aspen wastes no time in shuffling me to the door. "I'm glad you didn't hurt yourself this afternoon. That boss of yours is a real piece of work."

Evelyn's glossy blue face comes back to haunt me. She looked like a corpse pinned under that sticky goo. I definitely like her better as a corpse.

"She's not the only piece of work around here." I glare past her at Henry who's already settled on the couch with the remote in hand. I get in Aspen's face until she's forced to look at me. "He touches you, and we'll have a body on our hands." I leave out my plans of dismemberment for now.

Her eyes shift to the street with the color draining from her face. And then I know. He's already done it. He's already touched my sister in that sacrilegious way. It's clear his retribution deserves far more than a simple knifing.

"Oh, my, God." I shake my head. "Why would you ever stay with someone like that?"

"Look-I don't know what you're talking about." She practically pushes me down the stairs. "Stay in school-get your education. You're a smart girl, Stevie. I want you to be able to take care of yourself if you have to."

"Is that what this is about? You can move into the dorm with me." That's not true, but I'd stack lies to the moon to keep Aspen from that monster. "Or Kinsley. They've got plenty of space."

"No, I'm fine. Trust me, I'd move in with my mother before I did any of those things. I'm here because I want to be. I'm safe. I promise."

I give a gentle kiss to her cheek and pull back to examine her beautiful face. She holds the same exaggerated arched brows, same wide eyes as me. A boy in school once told me that I looked like a villain. Had he added a misunderstood villain, I would have told him he was right.

"You're a lousy liar, Aspen. I don't believe for a second you want to be anywhere near this place." I run down to Lincoln's truck and slam the door as we speed away.

"S'up little sis?" He peels out of the neighborhood as if we just conducted a heist. "Heard you took off with the big cat himself. Let me guess. You let him use you as a scratching post again?"

The city melts around us as he speeds down street after street, turning the hillsides into a kaleidoscope of color and light, tumbling and twisting as he navigates his way to the freeway.

"No, I didn't let him." But I wish I did. "Lincoln"-I dig my shoulder into the seat to better face my buffed-out brother-"why do people end up with the wrong person sometimes?" I'm talking about Aspen and Henry, but a part of me wonders if Ford and I are in that number.

"Because it feels good-like a rush. It's like jumping out of a plane. It sounds like a great idea at the time, but the faster the ground starts coming at you-it makes you rethink things. In a relationship like that, the chute only opens about fifty percent of the time."

"Those are lousy odds."

"People get hurt, broken-gutted on the inside. That's why I'm keeping it safe and sane. I don't want anything to do with a commitment."

"So you're just going to sleep around forever and let the STDs fall where they may?" Lincoln is a notorious womanizer. Daddy's money is the ultimate aphrodisiac, and, at the end of the day, that's what brings the girls to the yard. Lincoln is devastatingly handsome, but no woman in her right mind would want to be valued less than toilet paper forever-screwed in every way just to have their 24-hour relationship discarded like a used tampon.

He cranes his neck my way. "Why are you always such a cynic? You should really try to find the silver lining in life more often. As much as you don't drink, or eat the things you're convinced are going to kill you, all that bitterness is just as toxic. Anger is worse than a pesticide, and you're brimming with it."

"Thanks for the PSA." I slouch in my seat because I hate it when Lincoln is right. It's a terrible, terrible thing for my carnal beast of a brother to ever have the moral high ground over me. I wonder what he would have said to Claire if she were here, instead. I'm pretty sure he'd say she was a modern day example that all little girls should follow-that she always managed to see the silver lining in things. And she did. Claire would have seen the silver lining in my death. I try my hardest to harness my inner Claire. "I just don't want to be alone anymore, and I thought you might feel the same."

"Hardly. But for now, baby sis, we're going to utilize that beaten down, corrosive heart of yours and put it to good use. I need more ammo if we're going to swallow Jinx like a goldfish at some frat house romp. All I need is a little more. I want you to go into his office and check out his files, his computer, hell-steal his phone. You can replace it on his desk the next day, and he'll think he had a brain fart."

"He probably has a password." A wave of nausea spreads through me at the thought of stealing anything else from him.

"I've got software that eats through passwords like birthday cake."

"Then what?"

"Then you'll be locked and loaded and ready to show our father how far you're willing to go. He's been salivating over that damn cat since the fiscal report three quarters ago. But they're just about to break, and if you don't take him down, I can guarantee someone else will."

"Are you serious?" The thought of Ford losing his company makes my stomach turn-ironic since one of the people considering the takeover is me.

"Yes, I'm serious. I sat in on Merlin's board meeting a few days ago. Jinx is surrounded. The dogs are out. They're baring their teeth. It's just a matter of who pounces first."

We pull up to Rigby, and I wave as Lincoln speeds off into the night.

Someone is going to take Jinx away from Ford. Now, do I tell him, or take it away myself?

On Wednesday, Evilyn has us mining through bags of her personal receipts and sorting them into files labeled personal, work related, business expense, and travel. We're to use our better judgment and allocate them to the proper slots. The IRS has slapped her with an audit, and I've been laughing for an hour straight on the inside.

She strums her claws over the protective glass layer of the desk. "If you screw this up on purpose, I'll know. I'm going over everything tonight as soon as I get home."

She paces to the door, and I take advantage of my brief window of freedom by leaning into Belle.

"I hope when I'm her age I have more exciting things to do than file through receipts. But then I would have done them myself to begin with and not put my future IRS audit in the hands of two interns."

"What did you say?" She stalks over to her desk and plops into her seat.

"I said I'm pretty sure Dr. Bennett would be pissed to high heaven knowing that Bella and I have been subject to your Draconian rule."

Bella gasps, and I offer her a weak smile. I keep forgetting that Evilyn's wrath falls on us both. But the truth is, if I weren't still considering swiping Ford's company from him, I would have already ratted the Evil One out. She's called Bella "Areola" twice this morning. Bella says it's no big deal, that karma has a way of dealing with people like Evilyn, and maybe the tax audit is one of them, but I'm not eager to wait for a trumped up version of fate to walk through the door and bitch slap anybody.

"I'm very busy." Evilyn's face curls with a wicked grin. She's proving impervious to my thinly veiled threat. "Jinx is on the cusp of doing something very important." She says those last two words as if they were each their own sentence. "The world has no idea what we're capable of." She jabs hard into her keyboard before pulling away from the monitor. "But in less than two weeks, the cat will be out of the bag."

A polite knock vibrates against the door, and the three of us turn around.

"Is this a private party or can anyone join?" Ford steps in a little more jovial than usual. He greets the three of us with a smile, but his eyes linger on mine a few seconds longer than they need to.

Evilyn hops over to him so fast she nearly trips on Bella's shoe. I'm sure there will be a special hell to pay for the day Bella decided to don her bloated Ugg boots.

Evil wraps her arms around him, and he glances my way, hesitating for a second before returning the favor.

Beasts. I turn around. Get a room already.

I'm so stupid. Who the hell tells someone they care about to make out with their ex-girlfriend? My heart sags. It burns like molten iron in my chest, heavy and hot. I'm not too surprised by my actions. Somehow in the short span of twenty-three years, I've managed to redefine self-sabotage-partly because I hate that I lived and Claire didn't, partly because I'm a bad seed that constantly demands to fight the world. My feelings for Ford crept up like a shadow that tapped me over the shoulder and scared the shit out of me in the process. I've been avoiding people for so long the only logical thing-the only natural thing-my brain could think to do was run the other direction.

He walks her backward until they're in my line of vision.

"You up for lunch?" His hands ride up and down her arms, molesting the hell out of her right in front of my eyes. He might as well have reached over and ripped my beating heart out of my chest, held it up to the Evil Queen as an appetizer.

"Hell, yes, I'm up for lunch. I'm starving"-she purrs, and I can feel it coming-"but not for food." She outlines his jaw with her finger before picking up her purse. "You girls have fun. If I'm lucky, my boss just might insist I take the rest of the afternoon off." She smirks in my direction before they head to the door.

Ford cuts a glance my way, and I'm quick to stare out the window. This is what I wanted, right? To push him away. Then why the hell do I feel like a fish that's just been gutted? By my own hand no less.

The memory of sitting in his lap yesterday comes back to me. I was cozy and carefree, exchanging half-hearted barbs while he warmed me with his body. Don't I want that? Every part of me screams yes.

The door clicks shut like the loading of a gun.

"And there's that." I lean back in my seat. Before Bella and I can process what just happened, the door bounces open again letting in a crisp breeze that washes over me with all the hope of a lovesick schoolgirl. And as much as I hate myself for it, that's exactly what I am.

But it's not Ford, or even the Wicked Witch of the West attempting to retrieve something she forgot-like my dignity-its just Carter, and my chest implodes with grief. I'm so appalled by my own ridiculous behavior, I roll my eyes.

He nods to Belle. "Jener wants to see you in his office."

"Right away!" she sings, skipping her way into the hall. I take it back. I'm appalled by Bella's ridiculous behavior. I fold my arms across my chest like a pouting toddler. Okay, not really. I'm happy for Belle. I wish I were Belle. There. The agony of admitting that I actually want Ford is almost as painful as the thought of losing him.

Wow, only in my screwed-up world.

Carter settles his body against the door as if trapping me inside.

"I want to talk to you, and I want you to be completely honest with me."

My stomach pinches because, for a brief second, I think he knows what I'm up to. But he doesn't. This is about Aspen because it's always about Aspen with Carter. That's what true love does-it inundates you until you can't breathe. Ford flashes through my mind explosive as fireworks, and I try to push him right back out.

"I'll tell you everything I know," I say as he takes a seat next to me. "I think he beats her. In fact I know he does, she all but admitted it to me last night."

"What?" He looks stunned, angry and grieved all at once. "Are you talking about Aspen?"

"Aren't you talking about Aspen?"

His mouth falls open. Carter rakes his fingers through his hair and drops his head like he might vomit.

"God, I'm going to kill him." He's lost in a daze I can't seem to pull him out of. I'm pretty sure I don't want to. I'd much rather cheer him on. I don't care who offs Henry so long as my sister is free from that matrimonial bondage.

"It should have been you with her." I swat him over the arm. "She loves you."

He looks up like a deer about to get walloped by a Semi.

"Did she say that?" He's curt again, all business.

"Not in so many words, but she does."

His affect flattens again. "That's not what I came to talk about." His voice breaks as if he were sorry for both himself and my sweet sister. "Did you tell your dad about Gravity?"

My body flushes with heat. Every last inch of me vibrates with embarrassment at the thought of getting caught.

"No," I whisper. Oh, God, I'm so stupid! "Does Ford know who my father is?"

"No." He spits it out so fast I believe him. "And I suppose you like that. What is it with you two anyway?"

"I guess we're allergic to the truth." In the mother or all ironies, that alone is the one honest statement between us.

Carter leans into me. His eyes lock over mine like steel traps, and I can't look away.

"Are you helping your father steal my brother's company?"

The room sways. My body pulsates in one big heartbeat, getting ready to detonate and take this whole damn digital empire with me.

"Somehow the Gravity files were given to Merlin," he continues, his eyes still hard over mine. "Your father premiered a nightclub last week that we were slated to open and stole every detail right down to the monogram as a big f**k you."

The blood drains from my body. Could I have done that?

"I didn't." I shake my head confused.

"Save it." He wipes his face down, looking far more fatigued than pissed. "I want you to stop. Let this be as far as it goes."

"I swear on all that is holy, I wasn't the one who gave that information to my father-to anyone for that matter." Lincoln floats through my mind with his shit-eating grin. He couldn't come to friends and family day because he was out clubbing all night.

Oh. My. God. I handed him the proverbial keys to Gravity that night at the Trattoria.

Carter examines me with all the scrutiny and caution you give a slithering viper.

"Don't do this." He glides his hand over my hair, and it feels as if he's looking right through me and into Aspen. "I know there's something between you and my brother." A look of grief crosses his face. "I watched you grow up. You were isolative. You were mean as they came to any boy who even looked twice. You deserve to be loved, and you and I both know your father is incapable. He's not worth throwing away something that can be special. You and Ford can have that." His gaze dips past my shoulder. "There's nothing worth losing the one you love for, least of all pride."

"So that's what happened between you and Aspen?"

"Something like that."

"You have to get her back, Carter." Tears come, and I'm pleading now. "She's so sad, so alone. I'm terrified he's going to kill her. How could you let her end up with him?" I smack him over the arm. "How could you have just left her all those years ago?" My voice rises a little too accusingly as if any of this could ever really be Carter's fault.

He presses his lips together hard as if to keep it together.

"I don't know, Stevie. Things got f**ked up so fast I couldn't see straight until I had a kid on the way." He gives a hard sniff and comes to. "You need to tell my brother who you really are." He opens the door. "I'll give you a week."

I watch as he walks down the hall, and I close myself in the room.

A week.

I head over to Evilyn's desk to where her laptop is still opened haphazardly and pull out my phone. I take a picture of every file I can find-all of them regarding something called Jeneration Jinx. It looks like some hybrid file sharing system that links all of your social networks into a streamlined feed. It's genius. I sit back in the Evil One's leather throne. The slight hint of her perfume clogs up my senses, and my chest bucks with a weak laugh. I bet that's what's happening to Ford right now. She's attempting to suffocate him with her hair, her mouth, any part of her body that he'll allow. For a second I imagine his head locked between her thighs and cringe.

Her phone sits on her desk, red like a siren as if to spite me.

I pull it forward, same make and model as mine. It blinks to life. No password required. A dull laugh thumps through me. I head to her recent calls, several from "Mom," a smattering from someone named Magic, and two from Ford last week. I head to her texts and it's a laughable bore-she's becoming more like me by the minute. No text messages from Ford. Not even one from her mother. An entire slew of recent messages to and from Pepper, her show pony. Just your standard, do this, do that, commands that Evilyn is used to barking out. God, she even makes a lousy friend. I go to put it down, and it vibrates in my hand sending a mild feeling of electrocution up right through to my shoulder.

A text from Magic. Payday.

It's payday. I stare at the words far longer than needed before scrolling upwards to read the older texts.

Evilyn, I'm one hundred percent yours.

Magic, Good.

Evilyn, Done.

Magic, Payday.

Then today: Evilyn, Sent.

Magic, Payday.

Cryptic. I set the phone back on her desk and swivel in her expensive lambskin chair until I have a full view of the Jinx landscape outside the window.

What exactly is the Evil Queen up to?

Ford

A week thumps by with Stevie avoiding me at every turn. I've texted her several messages, my desperation to see her is a little more obvious in each one. At the office, she's elusive as a shadow. I've brought up the interns to Evelyn to see how she's faring, but she offered nothing but a generalization. Evelyn hasn't said one nasty thing about either of her interns, and that's not like her. Suddenly she's all business-ethical where before she was ruthless, always ready with an idea that could undercut the enemy. The two of us were this close to getting back together last summer. That night at the party, I almost fell into the mouth of a relationship with her again. But that's not who I landed in bed with that night.

A dopey smile flexes across my face.

Stevie. She's all I think about from eyelids open. I can't brush my teeth without her infiltrating my thoughts. I took Evelyn to lunch each day Stevie was around just to get a reaction, but it's been nothing but silence and cold shoulders.

I step into Evelyn's office. I'll give it one more try. I scan the area, but Stevie is nowhere to be found. Her friend Bella glances up for a moment before returning to her work.

"I'll get my purse!" Evelyn is at my side before I can correct her. With Stevie not here to see the show, I lack the desire to take the elevator down with Evelyn let alone take her to lunch.

We step out into the hall, and just as I'm about to end this charade I hear the buzzing of a couple-sounds like a heated argument. I look down the corridor and freeze. It's Carter and Stevie, alone in a dark corner, standing so close they could touch. My stomach explodes in a vat of acid.

"Everything okay?" Normally I wouldn't say anything. If it were anyone else, I'd walk away and let them settle their own damn differences.

Carter turns just enough, and his eyes round out as if he were caught with his hand in the Eaton cookie jar. Shit. Is he interested in Stevie? I know for a fact he's hard up for her sister.

He steps into her, and, for a second, I think he's going to kiss her, but he whispers something in her ear instead. She gives a quick nod. God, does he have a thing with Stevie? What am I saying? This is moral, upstanding Carter. Although he seems ready to have an affair with her sister if given half a chance. Maybe he's gone off the deep end and is settling for second best. I'll have to beat the crap out of him later because Stevie is nobody's second best.

"Everything's great." Stevie speeds forward just as Evelyn clasps her hand over mine. Stevie's eyes migrate down to our conjoined fingers, and a pair of disapproving commas appear on either side of her cheeks. "Carter and I were just arguing over where to go to lunch."

Evelyn gasps. "Are you two dating?" She touches her fingers to her lips. "I swear I won't say a word." She purrs as if this were too delicious to comprehend. "We're headed to Miso for sushi. You two want to hitch a ride?"

Before I know what's happening I've got Evelyn riding shotgun and Carter and Stevie in the back. Evelyn yaps all the way there like a wound up Chihuahua, but I can't help stealing glances at Stevie in the rearview mirror. Carter catches my eye, and I give him a dirty look. He's about to get annihilated at some point today. There's no way he can be attracted to Stevie. She's mine, and I never was good at sharing.

We get in, and the waitress seats us. I land across from Stevie. My eyes settle over hers, and I don't make a secret about it. I just bear into her, demanding an explanation. Carter wasn't a part of the deal, or maybe he has been from the beginning, and this is simply just news to me.

"So tell us all about it." Evelyn cuts me a look sharp enough to scrape out my balls. "When did you two first feel that spark?"

"Carter and I have known one another forever." Stevie rocks her shoulder into my brother, and my appetite darts out the door. "He dated my sister. Carter thinks the quickest way to my sister's heart is through my pants. Isn't that right Car-Car?"

"That's right, angel." A wry smile flits across my brother's face. "As soon as your sister hears of this, I'm sure to land her in my bed because logical adults know that's a great start to a healthy relationship"-he cuts a hard glance my way-"by dating other people."

My chest loosens, and I fight the urge to break out in a grin with relief. This is all a put on. It still doesn't explain what they were arguing about. But that doesn't matter now. It feels as if I have Stevie back. Now all I have to do is let Evelyn down. No more head games for me.

The waitress takes our order, and minutes bleed by like hours as Evelyn gives a top to bottom report on the vacation she took to South Africa last April. Stevie keeps glancing my way, her fingers thread nervously around a napkin. I wish we were alone. If we were seated on the balcony, I'd push both Evelyn and Carter off just to arrange for that.

Our food is delivered on oversized platters. The sushi looks great like small gothic flowers set in a neat row. Now that Stevie and Carter aren't a thing, my appetite is back, and I can eat fifty of these.

Stevie leans in. "So what's new with you, For-Crawford?"

Evelyn goes quiet as if Stevie has miraculously found the volume control.

I nod to Carter. "We're going ahead with Gravity."

"What?" Evelyn bounces in her seat.

"It's something I thought about this morning, so I called the contractor and told him I want it turnkey by next weekend. It's a done deal."

"They stole our name." Carter rakes his eyes over Stevie a moment. "You can't use Gravity."

"Then we'll use, Anti-Gravity, Defying Gravity-hell, I don't care what we call it. That's my f**king pet, and I'm taking it back."

Stevie runs her tongue over her lips in one quick revolution as if what I've just said turned her on.

"Gravity?" Stevie's mouth parts with her lips full and quivering, and all I want to do is cover them with mine. "Is this the new business venture you were talking about a few weeks back?" She cuts a sly look to Carter before returning her gaze to me.

"Yes. It's a nightclub I'm opening in Breakers. I wanted to do it as a thank you to every one of those people who set up shop in this depressing canyon to make my dreams come true. It was stolen from me by the idiots at Merlin."

"Call it Kinx." She bats her lashes so fast, exactly the way she did that first night at Shipwrecks as I made her mine.

"Kinx?" Evelyn crows the word out. "This isn't some seedy dive in West Hollywood, Stephanie. Our good name is backing this venture."

"I think it's brilliant." I don't take my eyes off Stevie. "It's a play on words. It's fun. It stays."

Evelyn grunts as if I just kicked her in the gut.

We start in on our meals, correction, Carter and I start in on our meals, while Evelyn details our past relationship highlights from out of the blue. Thankfully, she leaves out the important details. She almost shook it all out. Crap. I want to be the one to tell Stevie about my past, about the grueling life I once shared with Evelyn.

"And then there was the proposal." She squirms with delight a little as she says it. And there it is. "Do you remember?" She looks to me, and I don't say a word. I know what she's doing, trying to engage me in a conversation built to hurt Stevie.

"I don't remember what I had for breakfast last Tuesday." I glance at Stevie before wolfing down the remainder of my plate.

Evelyn barks out a laugh. "It was quite an eventful day. We were at Shipwrecks"-her neck snaps toward Carter and Stevie-"that's our special place. He had just played superhero pulling a girl from the water."

Shit. Here we go.

"You said she tried making out with you"-Evelyn brays with laughter-"and that's when I knew women of all ages would forever be trying to bed you. It was annoying at first." She flicks her wrist at Stevie. "But it's a good feeling to know this man is all mine." Her fingers crawl up my arm. "It was such a great day. Still can't believe we actually let the little shit name the horse you bought me."

Stevie coughs into her drink, but Evelyn keeps streaming out the past as if she were giving a police report, pressured and desperate. Carter feigns mild interest, but I can't take my eyes off Stevie. Her face grows increasingly pale. Her mouth rounds out into a perfect O. Her lips part as if she's about to say something. She bolts up, steadying herself against the chair.

"Excuse me." She staggers from the table, and Evelyn hops up beside her.

"I think I'll go powder my nose, too." Evelyn jumps to Stevie's side. Before I can ask my brother what the f**k is up, a retching noise emits from behind followed by the distinct sound of liquid splattering to the ground.

Evelyn screams throwing her hands in the air. Stevie has her head bent, a river of vomit touching down on Evelyn's shoes.

It looks like lunch is over.

For just about everyone here.

I drop Evelyn off at her condo then Carter back at Jinx before driving Stevie all the way to Rigby and helping her up to her dorm.

"You didn't have to walk me up. I'm much better now." She unlocks the door, and I set my foot inside to keep her from shutting me out. "There's no way I'm leaving." I tilt into her. Stevie washed up at the restaurant, but her eyes are still glazed over, her face ashen and pale.

"Have it your way." She heads inside the tiny space, and I lock the door behind us.

"Bella is my roommate. She won't be back until after seven. She's pretty religious about hitting the gym after work." She riffles through a few drawers before stepping into the bathroom. The pipes squeak as she runs the shower. "Make yourself at home. Try not to steal."

"Steal." I make a face at the empty ramen containers, candy wrappers floating around like confetti. I sit on the bed with a pink ruffled comforter laden with stuffed animals-definitely not hers, so I scoot to the one across from me with a black and white quilt. Two desks are smashed side by side under the window, and the backbeat of bass comes through the wall from the other side. It's been so long since I've been in a dorm, let alone a girl's dorm. I give a dull smile and smell her pillow, strawberries and a hint of perfume just like her hair. A picture on one of the desks catches my attention. Two girls sitting in the sand, each with an arm wrapped over the other's shoulder. I moan a little as I pick it up. It's a younger version of Stevie-two of her-both with wide grins, their hair slicked back from the ocean. There's a pier in the distance that lets me know this was taken at Shipwrecks.

"Stevie," I whisper with all of the grief I can afford. It hurts more than losing my parents to see this picture of Stevie so happy with the sister she lost long ago. The pipes cut out, and I replace the picture back on her desk. It takes another minute for her to come out wrapped in a towel, her hair in dark, watery tendrils.

I want her in the worst way. I want to tell her to forget the clothes, to come to bed and let me have her just like this.

"Feeling better?"

She motions for me to get up and crawls under the comforter without bothering to put on her clothes.

"I feel sick to the bone."

I kick off my shoes and slip in next to her. Stevie doesn't protest, doesn't say one sarcastic word, just turns on the television.

"Did she make you sick?" I wrap my arm around her shoulders. If I'm going to push the limit, I may as well go for the gold, not that Evelyn is gold, more like fool's gold.

"Yes. Are you happy? She made me so sick I vomited all over her." Stevie wraps her arms around my waist and gives a squeeze. "Did you kiss her yet?"

I pull back and trace her features with my eyes.

"Yes." I give it in a broken whisper, and Stevie's mouth falls open as if she were ready to reenact her performance piece from earlier. "I kissed her on the cheek, Stevie. I've had more passion kissing my grandmother. I felt nothing." I pull her chin up a notch as her watery, amber eyes oscillate to each of mine. "The only real kiss-the only ones that ever meant anything to me were the ones I shared with you."

Her lips give a gentle curve. "That's good to know."

"How about you? Have you kissed Carter?" My gut pinches because I don't know what I'll do if she says yes.

"No." She lifts her chin out of my grasp. "Would you like me to? I could give it the old college try and see if there's any chemistry. I have this little thing I do with my tongue-"

"No." A dry laugh gets caught in my throat. My insides grind at the idea of Carter ever laying his hands on her. "Definitely not. Please don't. He's my only full brother, and I'd like to keep from killing him just yet."

She giggles, and the walls crumble around us like the fall of Rome. Here we are again, Stevie and Ford. It feels like heaven. It feels like home.

"Are you still angry with me?" I pull the wet strands of hair off her shoulder.

"Mostly." She scoots back to get a better look at me. "I have trust issues in the event you haven't noticed."

"I noticed." I moan into her. "Any idea who I can thank for that?"

"My mother first, then primarily my father." She sighs, relaxing over my chest. "He can be an ass sometimes-most of the time."

"You mentioned at the beach house that you've spent your whole life trying to get into your father's good graces. You ever get there?"

Her gaze drifts down my chest. "Not yet. Don't know if I ever will. Not sure I want to anymore."

"You're in my good graces." I dot her forehead with a kiss.

"Not yet." She shrinks another inch. "I'm sorry, Ford." Her watery eyes quiver. "I'm not ready to go there with you just yet."

"I get it." I don't, but it's not necessarily a lie either. "I'm sorry Evelyn upset you today. If Carter went on about some relationship you two suddenly had-about how he liked to touch you, to kiss you, I would have reduced the furniture to toothpicks."

Her body bounces with a laugh, and her towel loosens enough for me to see her cle**age, but Stevie doesn't bother to correct it.

"Why are you so patient with me?" Her arms cinch around my back.

"Because you're worth the wait."

"And what if I weren't?" She twists into me like she's serious. "What if, after all is said and done, you hate me more than any other person you've ever met before?"

"Is that what this is about?" I slip her onto my lap, and her head comes to rest on my shoulder, her lips just inches from mine. "Do you think I'm even capable of hating you?" I touch my forehead to hers. "I swear to you, I can never come near that emotion. You could bash my windshield in, run over my cat, and I still wouldn't have an ounce of displeasure with you."

"I would never hurt Jinx." She laughs then stops short with an alarmed look on her face as if she already has.

"You're a good person, Stevie. You're beautiful and intelligent. You're the breath of fresh air I've needed for so long." I dig my fingers into her hair. "Life, my work, everything was stale until you came along. You brought the color back when I hadn't even realized I was stuck in a black and white world. Nothing moved before I saw you that night, and, now, the gears are grinding once again, life is spinning like the well-oiled machine it was meant to be." I pull her in by the cheeks. "Do you know what else is meant to be? You and me, Stevie. We're real. What we have is special. I swear to you I have never had these feelings before. It's as if my heart knew you were coming and saved itself for you. I've fallen hard." I give an audible swallow. "I've fallen in love with you." The room stops up with silence-nothing but the sound of our erratic breathing. I bear hard into her eyes and press in as if I were diving down deep to the depths of her heartache, her pain, trying to make it all better. "I love you, Stevie Eaton. You stole my whole heart that night at the party before we ever made it out the door."

A breath gets caught in her throat. A tiny choking sound emits, and I'd like to think that's her version of reciprocating.

"Can I have a kiss?" I'm not above begging. "Please."

"Just a little one."

My lips brush over hers soft at first like painting the air with my affection. Stevie wraps her hands around the back of my neck and draws me to her. Our lips press over one another lingering, gliding softly for a small eternity, then her mouth opens, and I don't bother with the niceties before diving in. My tongue mingles with hers, gentle at first then rough and wild as if I've unleashed a holy war into her mouth. My kisses say love me, f**k me, let me do things to you that you've never felt before. I'd die for you Stevie if you just let me in-let me love you.

I think she is.

I might just be in Stevie Eaton's good graces again, and that's all that matters in my life.

I've found heaven, right here, in the hot pool of her mouth.

7

Shooting Stars

Stevie

All week Ford sends me sappy text messages, and all week I pretend they mean nothing, but, deep down, I'm squealing like a thirteen-year-old who just had the most popular boy in school ask her to the dance.

Thursday afternoon, the sky is striped with deep raspberry welts. My last class was canceled, so I accept Kinsley's offer to meet her and Aspen for drinks at the Trattoria. Lincoln is there when I arrive, and I give my big brother a tight affectionate hug. I'll beat the shit out of him later. I still haven't confronted him for swiping Gravity from Ford.

The scent of garlic mixing with tomato sauce makes my stomach turn in a big way, and I want nothing more than to run out the door and suck in vats of fresh air. Heck, I'd suck in vats of fumes from an exhaust pipe just to get away from this gut-churning odor.

"You have anything new on Jinx?" His brow rises high on one side, a neat trick I used to try and replicate as a kid. I wanted to be just like Lincoln and Kinsley when I grew up. I craved all of the love and attention my father slathered them with, but I always came up wanting. Both Claire and I wanted those things, and neither of us achieved them.

"Nothing." All of that info I swiped from Evelyn's desk last week comes to mind. "Well, something, but I might just hold onto this one." I bite down on my bottom lip as Kinsley slaps her hands over the table.

"You've fallen for him!" She pulls me in. "I knew it! Once I saw what you were up against, I knew my baby sister was going to fall hard. Oh, honey, he is hot, hot-hot!" She screams the words out like she's having an orgasm. And, knowing that she's talking about Ford, she might be.

"Is this true?" Aspen asks through an open mouthed smile. "Do you love him?"

"I never said the L word." And after that marathon kiss we shared on my bed last week, our lips have yet to meet. But God how my mouth-my entire body-has ached for him.

Lincoln leans in and accidently knocks my purse to the ground.

"Sorry. Let me get that." He scoops up what little spilled out and excuses himself for a moment.

"Did you sleep with him again?" Kinsley kicks her foot into my shin, rushed and steady as a pendulum.

"No." I scoot back before she leaves a bruise. "I'm still unsure. I mean, if I give Dad the info he wants, I think we'll finally cross that bridge and have the relationship I've always wanted." I'll get into the core. I'll have that family I've always wanted-one that includes the love of a parent, something I've missed deeply since I cut my loon of a mother out of my life although I'm still pretty close with my grandmother. "Or I can choose to go all in with Ford." I swallow hard. "But once he finds out who I am and what I've cost him..." I shake my head. Lincoln settles back at the table, and I shoot him an accusing look. "Did you give those files to Dad? Is that why we have a nightclub named Gravity and Jinx doesn't?"

He grimaces into the accusation. "No. I didn't do it. I figured you did." He leans in. "And I was damn proud of you, too."

My heart warms at the thought of Lincoln being proud of me. I'm so thirsty for some male affection that I'd sell my newly minted boyfriend's soul to get it. A thought comes to me. Ford said I already had all of his affection-his love. Then why do I still feel bent on grinding the world down with my heel? I'd like to blame it on Claire's death, but we both know I've felt this way long before that. I came out of the womb demanding retribution. I think I wanted my father to pay for his rejection even then.

Kinsley's phone chirps, and she jumps a little staring down at the text. Her entire face brightens.

"I'd better go. I've got three scenes left to shoot today." She squeals with glee. "Dillon and I are really hitting it off. We've moved past those fake, staged kisses." Her lips press tight a moment. "He slipped me some tongue last week during our lovemaking scene. He's very intent on making it look authentic."

"He's married." Aspen says it stern. "He and his wife have a whole gaggle of little girls. Tell him to keep his tongue to himself."

"Authenticity is important in my line of work." Kinsley makes a face as she dashes out the door.

"Prostitution is illegal!" Aspen calls after her, and Kins flips her the bird.

"She's not a prostitute." I stab a straw into my Arnold Palmer and watch as the lemonade swirls through the tea like pink smoke. "I've seen tongue on more than one TV show."

"But he's married," she says it again, weak. "I guess that doesn't mean much anymore."

Lincoln guzzles the rest of Kinsley's drink and sets the glass down with a thump.

"Well, I'd love to discuss the fickle morals of our society, but I'd better run, too. There's another board meeting in the morning. Merlin is getting their hands on some hot info." He mock shoots me. "You want to come with? Dad will be there. It's prime time to spill everything you've got. The clock is about to run out, sis." His eyes bear into mine blue as summer air.

"I'm good." I wait until he's out of earshot before turning to Aspen. "I'm not going to do it." I shake my head definitively. In a single moment, all of my affection funneled straight down into that whisper of a soul I have. Crawford Cannon has dusted off my heart. It's only fair he takes it. "I could no more hurt him than I can you." I could easily hurt myself, and have on many occasions, so Aspen was a much truer representation of who I'd fight to spare.

"You love him." She pulls me close, and I take in the sweet scent of her perfume, strawberries mixed with sugar. "Stevie, this is it." She tilts into me with a hard-boiled intensity. "You have to tell him." Her voice shakes. "You cannot play games. You cannot play keep-away with your feelings. You have to dive right in before you both get mixed up with other people, and your lives are never the same again."

"So that's what happened." I give a single nod because it's as clear as the tears in her eyes that she speaks from experience. "You and Carter loved each other and let mind games get in the way."

"And here we are, married to other people." A dark curtain of hair falls over one eye, and she bows into it hiding her shame.

"He's divorced." I flat line. "And, newsflash, you're not exactly chained for life. You still have the ability to make this happen." A waiter walks by with a platter full of seafood, and the sight of tiny tentacles sticking up in the air makes me want to hurl.

"Oh, God." I take a sip of her ice water.

"You okay?" Her cool hand touches my forehead, and I pin it there for a second.

"I've been battling this nasty flu." I shake my head, giving a few quick blinks.

"You sure that's all it is?" She leans in while inspecting my eyes.

Claire wafts over me like a long forgotten dream, curling her finger for me to join her in the great beyond. It would figure. Life waits until I've finally found someone that makes me feel alive and then it shows me the exit.

"You think I have cancer?" It comes out soft, childlike. I've always wondered if it was here, percolating inside of me, just waiting to go off like a landmine. Claire and I were indistinguishable, our every cell identical. It shouldn't surprise me that we would die of the same terrible disease.

"God, no." Her hand clutches her throat. "I just thought maybe you were pregnant." She breaks out in a nervous laugh, and my mouth opens to join her but nothing comes out.

Pregnant? God. I have been tired-sluggish in fact. No amount of caffeine seems to save me from hitting a wall at two o'clock. And I did vomit on Evelyn although she does make me sick routinely.

I glare at the waiter coming back empty handed. I never did like seafood with tentacles.

"No. That's ridiculous. I'm careful." My heart stops when I remember exactly how careful Ford and I were for two solid weeks back at the beach house. Oh, my crap.

"Okay." She flicks a finger in the air nonchalantly as if my entire universe hadn't just transformed into the shape of a fetus. "As long as you take care of things on your end. I wouldn't trust the guy. What if he forgets a condom? You should probably get on the pill just in case. The last thing you want is to bring a child into this world until you're one hundred percent sure it's with the person you want to spend the rest of your life with."

"Is that why you're not expecting a cute little bundle anytime soon?" I bounce the birthing ball in her court. There's no way I want the conversation to linger near my overripe uterus.

Aspen doesn't say a word after that. We're both stealthy silent as our misery crashes down around us.

Dear God, what have I let happen?

Friday morning, the Evil One is in her prime, biting off the heads of everyone at the milieu meeting, castrating Carson, practically accusing Areola of going down on Jener in the supply closet.

Really Evilyn? Baring your fangs? Adding testicles to your collection, and oral copulation, all before 9 A.M.? Wow. Sometimes she really does impress me.

I hold back a laugh. I only wish Ford was here to watch her implode. I wonder what phase in their relationship this would be filed under? Probably the time he fired her.

The meeting is dismissed, and Bella and I follow her back to her lair.

Evilyn gets momentarily sidetracked by someone in the hive, so I lean into Belle.

"You didn't do that thing with Jener in the supply closet, did you?" I whisper.

"No." Her eyes widen the size of full moons. "It was the stairwell, and who knew she hated elevators?"

We head into her office and take our seats.

"God. Just do your best to stay out of her way." I frown in Evilyn's general direction. "She's redefining bitchy today."

Bella gives a quick nod. "I saw her hit Mr. Cannon earlier." Her lips press white as plaster.

Evilyn swoops between us and snatches her coffee off the desk before jetting out the door once again.

"She hit Ford?" It comes out mixed with laughter.

"Yup. She said you'll pay for that and took off."

"Brilliant." I'm giddy with excitement at the news of this early morning beating. "That must mean he broke up with her. Why else would she be so upset?"

Not that they were officially together to begin with, but if the faux relationship is off, then it's nothing but green lights for me and my favorite beach boy.

Pepper comes in with a bowl of steaming crap and sets it on Evilyn's desk. Her blonde hair fringes her face, cut short at the neck, and she has on something that resembles an elongated men's dress shirt. I can't help but think it could easily hide a baby bump before glancing down at my stomach.

"Ms. Perkins will be taking lunch in her office today." She shuffles back to the door with her staccato mermaid-like gait. "Word to the wise. Stay out of her way."

The smell of chicken drowning in a vat of sewage infiltrates my nostrils, and I let out a hard groan.

"I have to get out of here." A strong wave of nausea hits, and Bella helps navigate me to Evilyn's private throne. I heave up my breakfast and then try to convince my intestines to hurl out for the hell of it. It's so painful that for a second I consider sticking my head in the toilet and drowning in my own vomit just to end this misery.

Bella flushes as if she heard me.

"You've really got it bad." She produces a water bottle, and I rinse my mouth before knocking half of it back. "You'd better run to the nurse's office and see if they can't get you a flu shot or two."

"I'm pretty sure it's too late for anything like that." I steady myself against the counter and stare at the endless tracks of crimson exploding over the whites of my eyes. "There's not a flu shot in the world that can cure what's wrong with me." I watch my lips as I say the words, and I see Claire staring back, speaking to me, disappointed, ready to cry at how far I've fallen from grace-more like disgrace. She knew all of my secrets. She knew the biggest of them all.

Bella pulls my hair off my neck. "What's wrong with you?"

"I think I'm pregnant."

I spend the next few hours meticulously and creatively threatening Bella's life if she so much as breathes a word.

At 4:50, ten minutes shy of our escape from Alcatraz, she excuses herself and comes back with a small, white paper bag. Bella is full of obnoxious giggles and most likely up to no good.

"Why are you cackling?" Evilyn demands without so much as glancing in our direction. She's been glued to her monitor, her fingers flying across her keyboard like a woman possessed, not that the possession part is anything new.

"I'm a happy person." Bella's affect flattens as she gingerly curls her fingers over her purchase.

Evilyn looks up and studies Bella with the bag now clutched to her chest.

"I see you've brought me a gift." She bares her over-bleached fangs. They have a blue cast like fat free milk, and suddenly I'm craving the hell out of a tall glass of creamy dairy.

"Nope. No gift." Bella shoves it down by her feet and helps me close out the files for the day.

Evilyn groans like a Yeti before walking over and snatching the bag right out from underneath Bella's Chuck Taylors.

"I said that's not for you!" Bella launches at her like a missile, and a tug of war ensues for the tiny paper bag. God, I hope there's more than a pack of Skittles in there to make this worthwhile.

"I'm calling security!" I shout over their sorority sister like grunting. "As soon as I finish recording it!" I'm lying, but neither of them flinch at the threat.

Bella hikes the bag up above her head, and Evelyn jumps onto her hips, plucking it from the air. They stumble onto the desk, spilling Evilyn's signature coffee everywhere, and a brown waterfall trickles over the edge.

"Give it back!" Bella screams, ripping the bag in half and out flies a happy purple box with the words pregnancy test emblazoned across the side like a billboard.

"Oh, God," I hiss.

Evelyn and Bella both stare down at it. Not one of us moves, nobody breathes.

"Well"- I wince at Bella-"it looks like Jener is going to have a junior with one 'n' in nine months." I didn't mean to throw her under the bus, but let's face it-there was no alternative.

"Areola, get your things and go." Evelyn doesn't take her eyes off me. "I'll see you, Monday."

Bella snatches up her things up in a fury as if they were about to fall into a wood chipper. "I'll wait for you downstairs," she whispers, shutting the door behind her.

"Does he know?" Her eyes pool with tears, and I'm not sure what frightens me more, the fact she's onto me, or the fact she's about to shed the waterworks thus harvesting the ability to disintegrate herself.

"No." It comes from me numb. It would figure that Evelyn knows about the potential child I'm carrying prior to Ford. "And, if you try to beat me to the punch, I will wrap my hands around your giraffe-like neck and squeeze until your eyes shoot out like hard-boiled eggs."

Her lip twitches with the threat of a smile.

"Testy are we? Must be all those errant little hormones." She studies me from head to toe as if asking what in the hell do I have that she doesn't. Try sanity. "When do you plan on telling him?" She wipes the tears away with the back of her hand.

"Um." I glance out the window. "I haven't really thought about it."

"Kinx is opening tomorrow night." She fans herself with her fingers and paces away from the desk. "Would you mind waiting until after the weekend-God, after next week? You're going to throw him for a loop. You don't know Crawford like I do. You probably think he'll be passing out cigars and jumping for joy on couches like some loon but he won't. He'll be reeling from this just when he needs his head in the game. We're launching-"

"Jeneration Jinx-I know."

Evilyn takes a steady breath as she moves toward me. Her hand floats to my stomach, and she touches me there, just staring at that spot as if she were somehow experiencing what Ford and I created in that beach house all those weeks ago.

I'm pretty sure another reason she wants me to hold out is for her to get her bearings. This can't be easy for her. She loves Ford just as deeply as I do. A dull smile swims to my lips. It's ironic that I can finally admit it to myself while standing here with Evilyn-her wicked claw on my expectant belly of all places.

"I'll wait to tell him." It looks like I'm waiting to tell him a lot of things. I take my purse and leave.

I don't need the pregnancy test.

Just like Evelyn, I already know.

Ford

The sun dipped into the moody Pacific hours ago, melting like a Popsicle on a summer sidewalk even though we're well into fall. Southern California specializes in never ending summers-Indian summer is what they call it. Blood-red skies, hillsides lit up in flames like the bonfire of the gods as the hot Santa Ana's blow their scorching breath from the desert, subtle as a nuclear holocaust.

I pick up Stevie a block away from campus. I asked if she was up for a mystery date, and she let me know she was cool with whatever the night had to offer. That's one of the best things about Stevie-she's easygoing. Everything with Evelyn was planned to the hilt. She needed to dress for the occasion-hell, she dressed me, too. It was one strained event after the other.

Stevie struts to the car in a short red dress, heels that stretch her legs to the moon, and my entire body gyrates with approval.

"Holy, holy," I whisper as she climbs in. "You redefine beautiful." Her perfume envelops me in a cloud of sweetness.

Stevie offers a slow-spreading grin, the color rising to her cheeks.

"You redefine me." She says it quiet, purposeful, and something loosens in me when she says those words.

"You don't need to redefine yourself." I lean in and land a tender kiss on her cheek. "I like you just the way you are."

We take off for our mystery date in comfortable silence. Stevie and I are forging ahead, moving past all the trauma and drama that almost swallowed us whole these last few weeks.

We park across the street from a boxy white building with aluminum siding wrapped around the facility. It looks good-modern in a stainless, sterile sort of way, and yet everything about it makes me frown. A long line of people wait to get in. Each one is hopped up on Friday night excitement, screaming and laughing as if they're already three sheets to the wind.

"What is this place?" Stevie leans in. Her dark hair falls over my lap, the heft of it gently slapping my dick. I want to braid it, dig my fingers in, bury my face in it and take a nap, anything but go into that nightclub.

"This is Gravity." The words tumble from my mouth, dry as cotton. "That was my name and my club, and the jackass took it."

The whites of her eyes glint as she darts her gaze to each of mine in a repetitive pattern-reminds me of an old clock my aunt used to have in her kitchen, a Siamese cat that would look back and forth without stopping.

"Who's the jackass?"

"Hans Lionheart. He swiped Gravity right out from under me."

"Hans Lionheart," she whispers as if she's testing it out on her lips.

We get out and bypass the crowds, head straight to security, and I hand him a wad of one hundred dollar bills. The buffed-out gym rat opens the velvet rope and lets us in like glorified VIPs.

"Smooth, Cannon." Stevie jumps up and kisses my cheek. I should have turned my face and taken it on the lips. I'm eating her up in that short red dress, subtle as a siren, those four-inch heels that easily put her in kissing range. I'll get my kiss, but I'm hoping she initiates it. I'm hoping she wants this night to end exactly how I do, and Gravity and all of its hijacked glory has nothing to do with it. "I shouldn't have kissed you," she whispers. Her lashes settle to her cheeks. "We shouldn't be out together."

"We should be everywhere together." I land a tender kiss over her head as if proving my point. I wrap my arm around her waist and pull her hip to mine as we navigate the thicket of bodies. This is Gravity. It's not Jinx. I doubt a single one of my employees would give a dime to our adversary.

I lean into her ear. "We'll need code names now that we're scoping out the enemy." The house band plays so loud I can't think straight. It's dark inside, multi leveled with a bar to the left and groups of white leather sofas dispersed throughout. Well, f**k me. It's the same floor plan-probably same damn decorator that we hired. Not one detail is amiss. I look over at the tacky pink neon sign that reads Gravity. Mine would have been blue.

"You can be Detective C," she shouts with a laugh rolling in her throat. "I can call you my private dick for short."

"Very funny." We head down the wide staircase that spirals all the way to the basement. It's less noisy down here even though the same shit music is pumping through the joint. A long row of rooms, outfitted with mirrors, lead to an open dance floor congested with a tangle of limbs. Bodies grind up against one another, and, for a second, I'm caught off guard at how young everyone looks. I remember when I was in high school thinking the junior high kids looked like babies-then, in college, I thought the high school chicks looked like they belonged in elementary school. And tonight, while I was waiting for Stevie, those frat boys looked all of twelve. I guess my ego would like to think I'm not getting older, everyone else is just getting younger-ironic since Stevie looks just right to me, ageless, priceless, hewn from the throne of God just for me.

"I have the perfect codename for you." She shouts it loud with a laugh echoing through each word. Stevie leans in until her cheek is warming mine. "How about Superman?" She takes a gentle bite out of my ear, and I groan with pleasure. Shit. What the hell am I doing scouting out the enemy when I have Stevie wearing that dress, kissing me-biting my ear?

I wrap my arms around her and pull her into the wall. The music pulsates through us as if my heart were tapping out Morse Code. It's saying, I'm so damn happy under your spell. I never want to leave.

"I love you, Stevie." I blow it in her ear. "Don't say it back. I want you to feel it. I want it to come from the marrow in your bones when you do." I graze over her ear with my teeth.

"You can't call me Stevie when we're scouting out enemy territory." A coy smile curves her lip.

"If I'm Superman, you're my Kryptonite."

"Sounds dangerous." She shakes her head. Her crimson lips look soft as summer rain, and I desperately want to test the theory. "I want to be something Superman needs-something he desires." She purrs into my ear, and a spear of heat runs from my aching balls all the way to my throat.

"Lois Lane." I pull my lips across hers-feel her tense beneath me. There. I did it. I damn well had to with the way she looks tonight, the way she's looking at me. But she's right. We shouldn't be doing this in public, not even in some dark cloistered club. If anyone catches us, her internship, her education will be in the balance.

"Lois Lane?" Stevie wrinkles her nose, and my dick perks to attention. "Sounds like an homage to the 1950's. That makes me feel old. Try again."

"She's Superman's girlfriend. Face it, you're Lois Lane."

She gives my side a hard pinch, and I thrust my head back and take in the feel of her fingers digging into my flesh. Stevie is working me up in ways she doesn't realize. She's starting a fire I'm hoping she'll be willing to help put out.

"How about Lo?" I pull her in tight, shrouding her body with mine. If she touches me like that again, bites me like that again, I might just take her right here.

"Lo. I like that." She pulls back, pressing her head to the wall, riding those hazel eyes over mine. "Well, Superman, you ready to show me your moves?" Her hips grind into mine, and I lose it.

I dive in for a kiss, and she turns her head, gasping and pushing me off her body a good foot like she's fighting off an attacker.

Some blond dude dressed like a wannabe in a leather jacket and ripped jeans pulls her to the side.

"What the f**k is going on?" He shouts over the music. "I don't want this guy touching you here."

Her eyes widen, and she shakes her head at him as if she's too afraid to say a word.

"Hey"-I pluck him off, nearly snapping his arm like a twig in the process-"keep your hands to yourself."

"Don't touch me." He butts his chest into mine. "And don't you ever touch her!"

"Stop!" Stevie tries to squeeze between us, but I pull him over and rattle his head to the wall.

"You don't tell me or my girlfriend where to put our hands."

He doesn't say a word just gets down to business and knees me in the nuts. As soon as I bend over, he gives me an uppercut to the jaw.

"Shit." The air expires from my lungs. A white-hot pain shoots from my balls, aching and dull, and, holy f**k, somebody shoot me. I glance up, and he's cornered Stevie, whispering something into her ear.

An entire slur of groans emit from me as I pull him back and fire off a few quick shots to his jaw. He pushes me to the ground before simply walking away, patting his face as if nothing happened and fading into the crowd.

"Did we just meet up with an ex?" I try to catch my breath as I stagger to my feet. If I didn't think I was too old for this shit before, I'm positive right about now.

"Something like that." She winces, touching my cheek. "I think we'd better get out of here before he comes back with his friends." Stevie bites down on her berry-stained lip as if she's enjoying this on some level. "You made my panties melt the way you fought for me."

Did I hear that right?

"Come here, Lo." I pull her into the farthest room in the back, and our mouths fuse, our bodies cling to one another as if we've just fought a war only to make our way back to one another, and it feels like just that. I do a quick scope of the landscape and spot a corner, dim as pitch, and we migrate over, all hands and teeth, her hair falls over my neck soft as water. We settle against the wall, and I lift her onto my lap, unbuckling my belt like a threat. Her eyes bear into mine, and the smile fades from her face. She slips off and shakes her head.

"You know what he whispered to me back there?" She tilts into me with an apology written all over her face. "He said there are cameras that see every square inch of this place." She twists her lips.

I pull her in by the back of the neck and slump into her with a dull smile.

"Then we'd better get out of here, Lo. When they see the things I'm going to do to you, they'll want to take notes." I pull a kiss off her lips. "We'd be viral by midnight on YouTube."

"Did you see the sky tonight?" She flirts with those lashes, and I clench my jaw because I can't take much more before I go viral all over her body. "Rumor has it, the beach is a great place to make wishes under a dragon's blood sky."

Yes. She wants to go to Shipwrecks-to the beach house-to where it all began-where we began.

I speed her back upstairs and out the exit, into the warm, balmy night.

I'm going to make sure all of her wishes come true tonight and every night after that.

Shipwrecks. There is something solid about the beach house, the way it feels when we pull up, the way it feels when I carry her inside. The slight hint of fresh aftershave lingers in the air, and an alarm pulses through me. Cash didn't mention he was flying out. I land her softly on the bed and shoot a group text to each of my brothers, telling them I'm here, claiming the beach house for the rest of the weekend. I send a private text to Carter for insurance. I don't want a damn soul crashing this party.

Track down Carson and Cash. Tell them I'm at the beach house. I have a guest.

I stare at it a moment. Stevie is so much more than a "guest." She feels more like an extension of me, the very best part.

"Trouble at the Daily Planet?" Stevie purrs from the bed, and I'm quick to set down the phone and join her. "That's where Superman works, by the way."

"I realize that." I scoop her in close and touch my lips over hers. "Do you ever feel like there are two sides to you? One that the world sees and the other that you hardly share with anybody at all?"

"The Daily Planet verses my cape?" Her eyes gloss with moisture as if I've hit a nerve, and her sister bullets through my brain. Shit. Of course she feels like there are two sides to her, there were. "All the time." She gives a ragged sigh. "And you?"

"I feel like that now. You get to see the real me." I trace a line down her nose. "Our first time here-it was raw on every level."

"I'll never forget that as long as I live." She swallows hard, and it thumps through the room like an echo.

"You won't have to-we can live it."

Her hand finds mine, and we thread our fingers together.

"You know"-she scoots in until her stomach presses tight against mine-"the beauty in life is that you don't have to show the world your every side. There can be sides that are reserved only for those special people. You can let loose and be who you truly are, down to the bones, around those you're closest to." She sears my lips with a kiss. "The world needs you one way, and I need you another. You saved me, Ford." She pants into my mouth before offering me her lips again, harder more urgent than ever. She pulls back and takes me in. "That day Carter and I went to lunch with you and you know who..." She gives a wry smile at Evelyn's omission. I don't mind. Evelyn is a like a demon, easily conjured up by the mere mention of her name.

"I remember."

"Just listening to her made me physically ill."

"I figured so much." She's done it to me on more than a few occasions, but I leave that out.

"Um..." She glances out the window. "She said something." Her hair falls like a sheath over one eye, and I carefully hitch it behind her ear. "She said you were at the beach one summer, that you saved a girl and let her name your horse. Is that true? Do you remember any of that?" Her gaze charges into mine as if she's going to attack.

"The girl." I fall back on a stack of pillows, and Stevie unbuttons my shirt just enough. "Let's see..." She lies across my chest, awaiting this obscure answer. "I was walking on the beach, and, much like that day at lunch, Evelyn was there going on and on about something. I distinctly remember wanting her to be quiet for a moment. My attention span around her was like that of a gnat, and I spent most of the day people watching. I happened to glance to the water and saw a girl screaming, she said her sister was lost. I saw a foot, then an arm, and I knew the girl was in trouble. I took off like a bullet and dove right in. The water was murky, zero visibility, my eyes stung-I couldn't pry them open. The riptide was sucking us out pretty fast and hard, and I thought I might have just added to the body count that day. I prayed to God to let me find her. I said, I'm here. Let me do this. In that moment, my hand connected with her arm, and I pulled her out of the water and raced us to shore."

Stevie drops a wet kiss to my chest, and the air cools over it like an ice cube.

"And then what?"

"And then-she was blue. I remember that clay face staring back at me, the feeling of failure, that I actually f**ked-up at saving a life-it knifed through me, gutted me in an instant. I pumped her chest and started breathing into her mouth. Her color came back-and she kissed me." I lock eyes with Stevie. She did this thing with her tongue-drilling into my mouth like she meant business. It was the same way Stevie kissed me that first night. She still does it now and again. It's cute.

Tears roll down her cheeks.

"The girl had a sister"-her voice breaks-"and you told her that you and your girlfriend couldn't come up with a name for your new horse."

"That's right. Evelyn was pissed that I let those girls name her. Evelyn wanted to call her London Fog. I thought it was ridiculous and pretentious, and I was hoping for a better outcome. And the girls came through."

"The girl you saved-she thought you should name your horse Tinkerbell. Did you name her Tinkerbell?"

I try to replay that awkward lunch date back in my mind. Evelyn didn't mention Bell. She hated that I listened to a little girl over her. I told her about that kiss and that pissed her off good and plenty for weeks. I thought it was funny, especially that a young girl could show her up in the lip-lock department.

"I did name her Tinkerbell. Did Evelyn tell you that?"

She shakes her head. Stevie takes a breath and smooths her thumb over my cheek. Her eyes swell with tears. Her lips tremble.

"Ford, I'm the girl you saved that day." She leans up on her elbow. "My sister-that was Claire."

A moment thumps by-nothing but dizzying silence stops up the air.

"What are you saying?" I sit up and pull her with me.

"It was me. You saved me, Ford, and I kissed you." She runs her fingers over the stubble on my cheek, her lips parting as she pants into me. "I didn't realize it-I didn't think it was even a possibility until she mentioned it, and then it sort of made sense." A brief smile comes and goes. "You see, that night at the party, I was on my way to meet Claire." A palpable grief pulls down her features. "I was going to find a way to be with my sister again. I was done with this place, this life, this planet. And you brought me to Shipwrecks of all places."

That horrific ride she took along the shore shrills through me like a bad memory. The way she raced into the sea like she had a death wish-and she did.

"Stevie..."

"You saved me again that night." Her chest bucks, and I can't tell whether she's holding back a laugh or crying. "I was so alive with you those two weeks. You reenergized me. In all honesty, I was taking the biggest risk of my life getting into that car with you that night." She closes her eyes a moment. "I thought you worked for the valet company." Her head arches back until her neck becomes a hard outline. "I thought you might kill me yourself, but you didn't." Her teeth glitter in the dark. "Instead, you loved me. You taught me what it is to really live." Stevie straddles me, landing her thighs on either side of my hips, settling in over my hard-on. "Ford, you loved me in a way I have never been loved before-not just with your body. You spoke to me. You heard me. You were interested in the things I had to say-or at least I think you were." A dull laugh rattles from her. "Ford, the light that shines from your heart brightens my whole world. Thank you for that."

It's as if the ocean, the hostile waves that tried to suck us down that day have flooded the room.

"My God." I thread my fingers through her hair and pull her down to me. "Stevie." A seam of liquid lines my lids. "It's like I'm dreaming, and everything you just said is exactly what I wanted to hear." I want to tell her everything-all of the ways that day shaped my life. There were so many events that followed those precious hours-so many untraveled roads I took because of what happened. But right now I want to love every inch of her and thank God he answered my prayer that day. I have Stevie. I've had her in my heart for so long-thought about how her life was going-if she was happy, healthy, afraid of the ocean, and I didn't want her to fear it. I had a brief fantasy that she would come back to Shipwrecks, and I could teach her to swim myself. I had nightmares for years that she went back in, and I wasn't there to save her-but here she is, warming my bed, safe and alive in the very best way.

"Do you think we were meant to be?" She traces my brow with her finger. Her hot breath sears over my cheek.

"I know it." I push her mouth to mine and kiss her with far more intensity than I've ever experienced before. I want Stevie to know how much she means to me-how I believe that something bigger than us is at play. We claw off our clothes through a sea of wild kisses. I let her mount me and watch as she moves her hips like a belly dancer-like a seasoned striper who's put in hours at the pole. Stevie knows how to move her body. She lets out a series of high-pitched groans and each one elicits a groan right back from me. Her head arches back, and I reach up, tracing my fingers down her beautiful neck, down her soft tits that move side to side with her body, all the way to her waist. I knead my fingers into her hips, losing it, writhing beneath her with an explosive intensity. Her breathing grows erratic, her voice echoes through the room with its own indiscernible echo. I pull her down and kiss her forcefully, pulling her body to mine rough and greedy. I'm in her so deep-I'm feeling her. I'm feeling Stevie with my whole heart.

I land her on her back and thrust in as if I were trying to burst right through her. I crush my tongue into her mouth, writhe my lips over hers so hard I'm afraid I'll break her. I'm right there, so f**king close. Then in an explosive relief, my body seizes, and I give her shoulders the death grip, watching as her eyes flutter beneath me. She grazes my chest with her teeth as my body surges over hers, alive and electric like a cut power line meeting up with the ocean. I lean down, panting-my skin on fire, soaked in sweat as I pepper her face with wet, delirious kisses.

"I love you so damn much, Stevie. I'm all yours. I'm going to keep you safe forever." I melt the words into her ear. "I don't want a single day to go by without you by my side, in my life, in my bed."

Her eyes cut the darkness with a flash as she looks up at me and gives an open mouth smile.

"I love how you love me." Her chest pounds over mine. She scoots up, and I fall out of her, my dick already turning soft without her. "You really are my hero, my Superman." She gives a breathy laugh right into my mouth. "I can't live without you." She pulls my arms around her, and I lock her in like a seatbelt. "There's not a day on this planet I want to live without you. I don't know how we're going to do this, but we will. You saved me twice right here at Shipwrecks. You're always in my path, making sure I'm okay, helping me along the way. Somehow we found our way back to each other." Her features grow serious. The moonlight bleeds over her like ash, petrifying her in a state of catatonic shock. "Would you still love me if I hurt you, Ford?"

"You can never hurt me. There's nothing you could do that I wouldn't forgive. I've never believed in destiny or the illusions that go with it, but after tonight, after you-I know our lives were woven together long ago for a reason. We're going to make it through this life together no matter what the future holds. Love always finds a way."

Stevie shivers, and I pull the sheets over our slicked bodies.

"You're worried about the internship, aren't you?" I give her a kiss before she can respond.

"Maybe a little."

I lean up on my elbow and try to memorize her beauty-those long, black ribbons of hair, that face of an angel, her eyes siren out like yellow flames, each their own glowing sunset.

"Ford? What would you do if you didn't have Jinx? The company." She gives my chest a gentle scratch.

"I'd love it." I squeeze my eyes shut in lieu of a laugh. "I'd hate it. Jinx is who I am. It would be like losing myself."

"I get it. Claire was my Jinx."

"I'm sorry." I drop a hot kiss to her lips. "I'm so sorry you lost Claire. She was more to you than my silly company. She was a person. She was your other half. If I lost Jinx, I'd live a nice life off my fat bank account. Heck, the avocado groves could keep the lights on if they had to. But what you lost is irreplaceable. I don't know how that feels."

"You lost your dad-your mom."

"True. But that was different. In some ways, even as a child, I understood they'd go before me. Not that it was guaranteed, but I sort of figured it was the way of the world. My dad was great. You would have loved him. He lived for Carter and me. He and my mother loved each other with a mad passion. I remember being quite grossed out by their constant display of affection." I kiss both her eyelids in turn, slow and lingering, making love to each of them just the way they deserve. "I want that with you, Stevie. That aching passion that screams for the night to swallow the day so we can climb into bed together and make love until morning. I think we have it." I press a kiss to the tip of her nose. "I want to experience everything this life has to offer with you by my side."

She gives a satisfied moan, relaxing her thighs over mine.

"We really do have it all, don't we, Superman?" She runs her fingers through my hair, tugging me just enough to elicit another erection. "So what's your next big move? Saving the planet from pre-teen hackers?"

"Always that." I bite her bottom lip and pull it out slow. "But first I'm going to f**k you."

Stevie still hasn't said she loves me.

She showed me, and, for now, that's more than enough.

8

The Space Between Us

Stevie

There have only been two times in my life that I remember feeling so wanted, so needed, so loved. The first time was when my grandmother said my sister and I were the roses in the garden of her life. I never forgot what it meant to be her flower-how important, how beautiful it made me feel to be a rose-my beauty balanced with the thorns. I felt power even then. I knew I could shine as much as I could hurt people-sometimes I enjoyed the latter a little more than I should have. The second time was with Claire when she received her diagnosis. I knew she needed me. She wanted to be me. We were one then as much as we are now. And here, in this distal version of our future, I'm still struggling to live for the both of us. Ford loves me enough to make up for any fault I might have to offer. Well, almost anything, but, knowing he's loving me, loving Claire as she lives inside me, it's as good as God himself espousing his affection.

Ford and I left the stratosphere. We soar ever higher with our newfound devotion. Another week rolls by, and I avoid Carter like a bear in the woods waiting to devour everything Ford and I have. I know I told him that I'd confess to being Hans Lionheart's daughter, but the things I say and the things I do are mostly two different animals entirely.

On a seemingly ordinary Wednesday, Bella and I are given the task of copyediting a press release that's set to go out this evening. It's already been through the editing strainer of the beehive, but the Evil One doesn't want a single errant comma out of place.

"Come Monday, Jinx will devour the entire cyber universe." She bleeds a wicked grin, mostly to herself, but I'm stuck on her verbiage. Come Monday. Ford and I have been freely fornicating at his home, the beach house, once at my dorm when he dropped me off and Bella was still in the shower. I've spent every night at his place since that weekend. We missed the grand opening of Kinx-an abhorrent sin in Evilyn's wicked eyes. But, nevertheless, it went smoothly and had the entire hive buzzing with approval. Ford and I have been playing a little game of Kinx ourselves. For instance, I suggested we give tantric sex a try. I told him it was all anybody ever talked about in the yoga class that Bella dragged me off to, and he assured me only freaks who hate life would be able to pull off anything so oppressive and cruel. As a punishment for suggesting it, he made it a point to have me orgasm as frequently as humanely possible. He had me look into his eyes as he brought me to the brink of my existence then demanded that I come. He said the word with such forceful command that he somehow trained my body to obey and shake out beneath him with his mouth over mine-his body deep inside me. Just hearing the word has me tingling like a ride in some pleasure-bound electric chair.

I give a private smile at Evilyn's expense.

"Areola, I want you to leave." Her glasses drip to her nose as she studies me. "Fetch me coffee and one for your cellmate. Make them both unleaded." That's her way of saying decaf. Evil loves her java high octane, so it does raise a brow.

Bella runs out in a panic as if the room had just erupted in flames, and something tells me it has.

"Did you tell him?" Her voice feathers out as if she were on the brink of a breakdown, as if her heart of stone could actually induce a tear-filled reaction.

"No." I blow out a breath because I've been close. I've had the words on my tongue, but I suppose I should eclipse I love you first. I've said those words to him a thousand times in my head, but I said it last to Claire, and it feels like I'll be replacing her once I blurt out that desperate phrase.

"I have something of yours." She pulls a disheveled white bag from under her desk and slides it over.

I take it from her and peek inside. It's the pregnancy test Bella bought me.

Her chest expands with a breath. "I want you to take it."

"I've heard of drug testing." I run my finger over the glossy purple box. "Do I get terminated if I'm carrying a fetus?"

She closes her eyes a moment. "If you're carrying his baby, like you claim, I'll back off." She shakes her head at me as if she won't. "If you're a liar, then it's game on." Her lips smear with a grin. "And it's one game I guarantee I'll win."

"You really think it's that easy, huh? The flick of your finger, and he'll run back to you just like that?"

"Oh, foolish, little Stevie." A dark laugh gurgles from her. "I promise, it's even easier than that."

"Very well." I pull the white plastic stick from the box and point it at her like a wand. "And I promise you, I have the ability to make you disappear forever." I head to the restroom, shaking, my knees knocking as I hold the glorified Popsicle stick in an unsteady flow of urine.

God, what if I'm not pregnant? What a relief that would be. Sure, Evelyn would have a field day, but who the hell cares? And if I am, well, then, I guess she'll be the villain in our Superman, Lois Lane world. I can totally see her filling that role. Evelyn is ridiculous, nothing but a caricature. She was so arrogant in the fact she could still have Ford at the curl of her finger. I don't believe it for a minute. There's no way Ford would want anything to do with her.

I finish up and cringe, sitting on the toilet refusing to pull up my big girl panties until I know for sure if I'm destined to hold a tiny bundle in a few short months. An image of a beautiful bald baby, pink skin, large steel-colored eyes, wafts through my mind. We would be a family-something I've wanted for so long, since as far back as Claire.

A line appears in the urine soaked window, then another, then the faint pink glow of another. Fuck. What does that mean? I'm having four, eight, ten children?

I pull myself together and run like hell back to the office where Bella stands gifting Evilyn her third cup of coffee for the day.

"Well?" She stands erect, her claws poised over the table ready to eat my unborn child.

I trip twice before tackling the box I left on her desk. One line, negative-that plus two lines in the bottom window, positive.

I take a breath.

I'm positive? I'm positive. I stare back at the stick in disbelief. It was one thing to know on an intrinsic level-it's a whole other thing to have science throw your own urine in your face.

"Oh, my, shit," I whisper, falling into my seat.

"What is it?" Bella trots over, and Evelyn practically knocks her down, snatching the stick from my hands.

"Shit!" She blinks into it. "So it's true." Evelyn steadies herself over the desk, and, for a second, I think the two of us might be sick in tandem. "I guess that's it then." She sits hard on the mahogany surface. "You won."

There's something sweet about surrender, especially when it's whispered through the mouth of your enemy.

"Let's get out of here, Bella." I take her by the hand as we collect our things and leave. "I need to get my head straight."

We hit the hall, and I take in a few gulps of cool air as if I were holding my breath that entire time.

"What are you going to do?" Bella hisses as we make a break for the elevator.

"Arabella." Jener catches up to us just as we're about to step in. "You up for a quick bite?" His brows twitch, letting us know exactly what he wants a bite of.

"I can't." She washes over me with a look that lets me know how pathetic she thinks I am.

"You can." We exchange a quick embrace. "Just promise you won't say anything," I whisper.

"I won't." She pulls back with her hair in a vanilla tangle of curls, her eyes glittering with tears all for me. "See you in an hour."

"Done." I hop into the elevator and ride down by myself. A hurricane of emotion dumps over me, and it feels as if this elevator, this life, is plummeting me fathoms into the belly of the earth. How did I ever let this happen? Ford will think I'm a gold digger. He'll think I plotted this out from the beginning. Then there's the tiny little detail of who I really am, what I had originally set out to do to him-not to mention my father's reaction when he finds out that not only did I have a change of heart with the mission at hand, but I actually managed to get knocked-up and propagate the enemy's family line.

I sigh as the doors swoosh open.

Carter appears on the other side and offers a simple smile. That's all I needed to see. I step out and break into hysterics. Tears pour from me like a fountain. For so long I pretended that I was incapable of feeling. I thrived off hate, off anger, suckled off them like they were the teat of life-giving nourishment I needed to survive, and they were. Only weak and whiny women cried in public places. And now here I am bawling with the best of them-as weak and whiny as they come.

"Whoa." He pulls me in and shuttles me past the restrooms to a service room. "Here, sit down." He closes the door, and a stuffed up silence clogs my ears. I give a quick glance around at the padded surroundings. There's a deeper cavity that leads to multiple flat screens, giving off a marine hue.

"What is this?"

"It's a surveillance room. Ironically the only room not monitored in the damn place. You're safe. No eyes, no ears can hear whatever it is you have to say. I'm here for you, Stevie." We take a seat on a square leather ottoman, and he wraps an arm around my shoulder. "What did my jackass of a brother do now?"

"Nothing." I try to recompose myself, but it seems futile.

"Is it Evelyn?" He gives a knowing nod. Carter would have made a fantastic brother-in-law. Note to self, smack some sense into Aspen then kick Henry in the balls.

I wipe my face down with my sleeve and force a quick breath.

"Do you love my sister?" I'm a master at turning the tables. Carter won't get a word out of me about the baby. Baby. I shake my head at the thought.

"Aspen." He says her name reflectively as if she were the sister I lost, not Claire. "I don't think it much matters what I feel for your sister. We were sort of over before we ever began."

"Geez, Cannon. Instead of waxing poetic about the past, you should be out there trying to fight for her-to keep her safe from that moron she married of all people."

"Did he hurt her?" Carter's ears burn bright pink. His body twitches as if he's ready to bolt.

"Yes. I've already told you this." Of course, I have no proof, but I'd bet every dollar my father owns that it's the case. "She's a ball of nerves. She's alone and afraid. She won't take my help. She won't take anybody's help. Will you at least talk to her?"

He scours the floor as if looking for the answer to that simple question.

"I'll check out what you're saying. If it's true I'll step in."

"It is true."

"She'd never allow for that to happen. Yes, Henry is an ass**le but a wife beater? Aspen would be the first to hand him his balls."

"That's what you think. But people change once they get into relationships. They do strange things. They make compromises they wouldn't usually make, all in the name of commitment."

"And you think she's allowing this to happen because she took a few vows, a year and eight months ago?"

"Boy you have it marked off to the day, don't you?" I scan his hurting eyes. "She said she invited you to the wedding, but you didn't show."

"I was there." His arm slips from me as he leans back on his elbows and stares at the ceiling. "I sat in the back, listened as they exchanged I dos-slipped out before they ran down the aisle together. I couldn't take it, Stevie. I had my heart sacked that day, sliced and diced, deep-fried and force-fed to me. It was shit on a paper plate, and I did it all to my f**king myself."

"If I recall, you were married at the time of her wedding. Did you bring your bride that fateful day, or did you go it alone on that secret rendezvous?"

"Just me." Carter leans forward, hanging his head between his legs like he might be sick. "I felt like I had no right to be there, even if I did get the official invite. She sent it out to be polite. She didn't expect me to go."

"Really?" I scratch his back as he takes a deep lungful of regret. "Is that why she kept asking me to go out and see if you were there yet? I can still hear her, clear as yesterday, is he here? You think he'll show?" I say it with a little more sugar than Aspen did. She was frantic-panicked even then, and I couldn't figure out why. But now I know. She didn't need Carter for moral support or to calm her last minute jitters, she simply needed him.

His eyes cut to mine, wide and expectant. "She said that?"

"She wanted to talk to you." I shrug. "I'll never forget the dead look in her eyes as she started that jaunt down the aisle. My father was on a business trip and wasn't able to escort her in the march of 'doom,' per tradition. When it's Kinsley's turn, he'll be there with bells on."

"She walked alone." He nods into the memory. "She was beautiful-stunning." Carter's face blanches out as the tears start to roll.

I think of the baby growing inside me, of Ford and all of the Lionheart horrors I have to fling his way in such a short span of time.

"Sometimes love sucks," I whisper as we whittle away our lunch break swinging from a noose in the gallows of the past.

"Are you in love with my brother?" Carter leans in, using me as a backrest.

"About as in love as you are with my sister."

"Then we are in for a shit ride, my friend." His shoulders tremble with a dull laugh. "Here's hoping things turn out better for you."

"They won't." I can already feel it.

I head back to the office with the same enthusiasm reserved for a root canal and find Bella standing at the door, rigid and pale as if she just witnessed the most beautiful sight of all, Evelyn dangling from a light fixture.

"Let's do this," I say barreling in. Even though Evelyn claims I won, it doesn't make this nasty feeling in the pit of my stomach go away.

Ford's sky-born eyes are the first thing I see when I walk in, and I freeze. His arms are wrapped around Evelyn. His face heavy and downcast, and for the first time I feel like I'm interrupting an honest moment between the two of them.

Ford pulls away as soon as I step inside.

"Hello, girls," Evelyn sings. Gone is the hurt look on her face, replaced with genuine glee.

"We can come back," I offer-like never. My stomach does a revolution at the thought of how close his body was to hers.

"Oh, please." Evelyn is downright animated, flying high, and, any minute now, I'm convinced I'll have to peel her from the ceiling.

Ford looks shell-shocked. His eyes are locked on mine, but he's looking right through me, and this new version of himself scares me on a primal level.

"What's happening?" A raw anger percolates inside me because I have a feeling I know where this is headed.

"Shall we share the good news?" The Evil One bounces on her heels, her hair springs in rhythm with her elation.

"Evelyn." He turns his head, but he never takes his eyes off mine.

"It looks like I'll be leaving the office for the day." Evelyn snaps up her things. "It seems we've a bit of good news to celebrate, don't we love?" She falls over his shoulder and lands a kiss on his cheek.

"Ford?" My voice cracks without my permission, and I hate the sound of it. I hate how vulnerable it makes me look. The pregnancy test sits on the desk out in open view, and I know-I know without an evil doubt what she's done.

"Is it true?" I step into him with his crisp blue shirt, his dark jeans and tattered old tennis shoes. I love him like this. I love that he's aching with a moral obligation to stand by the side of the woman he thinks is having his child, only I hate the fact he doesn't realize it's me. "Is this what you have to celebrate?" I hold up the stick accusingly.

"Stevie." Ford clasps his arms around my waist just as Evelyn interjects herself between us.

"Crawford, I need water." She melts into his chest. "I'm feeling faint. I think I'm ready to go home now. This entire day has been too much for me."

I stare at that blasted stick. How stupid I was to give her the exact twisted ammunition she needed. I guess this is a litmus test I didn't bargain for. I could call her out on it right here-dare her to take another test just to prove my point, but Evilyn is crafty. And is this really how I want to break the news to him? In some pregnancy test standoff with his ex?

I glare over at her. She thinks she's so clever-that she's outwitted me for at least a little while longer. And what happens when my belly grows instead of hers? The truth is, she's either too stupid to think that far ahead, or she's already plotting the demise of both me and my unborn child. I'm betting on the latter.

Ford comes up and gives my shoulders a squeeze. "I'll call you soon," he whispers. "I just need to get her settled."

She takes up his hand, and he doesn't fight it. The image burns into my mind.

I wait until their heels clatter out the door before taking a hard seat on the desk.

"Hey"-Bella sits beside me, holding me up with her thin frail arms-"I can tell him. I'll swear on a stack of Bibles she's lying. He'll figure it out."

"It doesn't matter."

He left with her just like she wanted. He held her hand-fell right into her trap. This is just the beginning of her manipulation. She was buying time, and now she has it. Who knows? Maybe he'll feel something for her after all. Maybe this fake child is just what they needed to rekindle the flame. Do I really want to be with someone whose heart is so easily swayed?

I spend the rest of the afternoon with Evelyn's laptop, downloading all of the crap I can onto a thumb drive.

I wonder if I was stupid to believe in what Ford and I had?

One thing is for sure, I'm pretty damn glad I never gave away my I love you.

The cramps start almost immediately after Evelyn waves her victory uterus in the air and whisks off with Ford. Strong, burning, intense pains that rival any regular cramps I might have ever experienced trample through my body. After hours of trying to ignore them-to moan my way through them, Bella drives me to the dorm, but I'm so doubled over with pain I can't get out of the car. She threatens to take me to the hospital, but I beg her to take me to Kinsley's instead and she does.

Lincoln helps me in, taking in the brunt of my weight as Bella carries my purse and pours me a glass of water.

"Tell me you're not dying." He covers me with a knit throw and sits next to me on the couch.

I let out a harrowing cry as a heated pain sears low across my belly.

"What the f**k is wrong with her?" He barks at Bella just as she makes her way back. She touches the water to my lips, but I turn my head.

"She's having a baby."

"What?"

"Not now moron. She's having a baby in nine months or eight, seven, who the hell knows."

"Well, it sure as hell sounds like she's having it now."

"That's because I'm losing it," the words whisper through me.

"God." Lincoln looks as if he's going to be sick. "Did that ass**le do this to you?" His entire person irons out with rage. "Are you f**king kidding me? I'm going to kill him. Then I'm going to kill you for being so damn stupid." He spikes up, and I snatch at his jeans, shaking my head just barely. "Bella"-he shouts-"call Kinsley, tell her to get her ass down here. I don't care if she's busy championing some incest revival. Get Aspen, too." He tucks the back of his hand over his mouth as if he's staving off vomit.

A fire whips through me-delirious, horrific pain cuts through my abdomen as if this child is revolting that its father may have already walked out on its mother so soon in its existence. Welcome to the club, I want to say. Abandonment runs in the family. This is your first truth. Love is fickle, and people don't stay. Witches like Evelyn root themselves into people's lives like a cancer until they eat away their entire existence. That's what she's doing to Ford-rooting in, burrowing in deep, all on the coattails of my unborn child. He might fall for it. She might already have him lassoed between her legs.

My mother's truths come back to me-people are weak and single-minded. Money means more than breathing. All men are liars.

I repeat those phrases like a sinners prayer, over and over, as the pain continues to rip me apart.

My purse catches my eye, and I signal for Belle to retrieve it.

She brings it over, and I rummage through it until I come up triumphant with the thumb drive. I put it in my pocket and forget about it while I lose myself in a pain-induced delirium. Some things weren't meant to be. Ford and I were one of them, this baby another.

Hours pass-weeks, before Aspen and Kinsley arrive. They both share the same worn out looks, so frightened for me, so irrevocably broken at what's become of me.

I tell them all about Evelyn-Ford's eagerness to care for her after all we've been through.

A warm gush of liquid trickles down my thigh. I pull back the blanket and sit up as a warm stream of blood blossoms through my jeans.

"Oh, honey." Aspen takes up my hand. "We need to get you to the doctor."

"Shit." Lincoln boils with rage. "Nobody messes with my baby sister." He presses a kiss to my temple. "I got your back." He wraps the blanket over my shoulders like a cape as he scoops me into his arms. "Crawford Cannon is going to wish he never f**ked with you."

Right about now, I'm wishing the very same thing.

We head to the ER and hear the worst news.

Kinsley and Lincoln take me back to their place, and all I think about is Claire holding my baby in heaven.

I wonder if I'll ever tell Ford?

Maybe if we get there one day.

Ford

The last thing I expected to hear when Evelyn called me into her office were the words, are you ready to be a father? For a brief and beautiful moment, I thought she was talking about Stevie, and my heart inflated like the Goodyear Blimp, full and light, the exact way Stevie makes me feel. I would have welcomed it, but now that it's Evelyn we're talking about, all I want to do is stick my head in a bucket of cement.

She insisted we discuss this new development over lunch like it was a business opportunity on the horizon. If it were Stevie, I would have taken her to Shipwrecks, made love to her for a week straight in celebration of the new life that would be gifted to us soon.

"My apartment is far too small." She drones on. Evelyn hasn't let up on her incessant chatter since we left the office. Every word feels like its own jagged razor. I've done this. I've given Evelyn the ability to come between Stevie and me because of a few stupid moves I pulled last summer. "Plus there's the whole issue with the balcony. It makes me nervous just thinking about having a baby near it. You mind if the baby and I move in? It could be temporary, of course, but I'll need to get settled long before it ever arrives."

"Sure." I hear myself say. Shit. It's not what I want, but I know Evelyn. If she feels any threat with Stevie, she'll use this child against me. I'll be lucky to meet it before it's five. I need to play nice until I can figure things out.

A waitress walks by, and Evelyn flicks a finger in the air. "A bottle of your best reserve." She winks at me. "For you, of course. But then they say a glass of wine never hurts. My sister had a full glass every day from conception to delivery, and little Miles is F.I.N.E."

Little Miles holds the promise of eight to ten in the pen, but I keep that to myself.

"No wine," I say it flat. She might be carrying the baby, but I'd like to think I have a say in what she puts in that mouth of hers. Too bad I don't get a say in what comes out.

How the heck did this happen? I'm stupid as shit that's how. I'm not careful. I'm too trusting. Stevie comes to mind. She's different. She said she was on the pill. Stevie would never lie to me-never trap me into a relationship by way of her legs. I saw that pained look on her face. We're over. Evelyn managed to bring new life into my world and kill the nexus of my universe in the process. In some delusional part of my brain, I'm convinced that Stevie and I can make it work. Evelyn and I can share custody like normal people, only there's not a normal thing about us. I've got one too many billion dollars in the bank, and her father is an attorney at one of the most prestigious law offices in L.A. But I'd give every dollar I have to Evelyn if it could make her go away, leave Stevie and me alone, and still let me be a part of our child's life. But she won't do any of the above. I'm f**ked, and so are Stevie and I unless I start in on damage control as soon as possible.

I whip out my phone and start texting Carter. Find Stevie. Tell her everything will be OK. I'll explain later. Please.

I throw in that final plea because I know Carter has every right to tell me to piss off and take care of my own screwed up relationships.

"You know I'm very traditional." Evelyn flattens her left hand over the table, and her naked ring finger glares at the two of us. "But, since things take so long to plan, I'm okay with waiting."

My mind goes blank. Is that where she thinks this is headed? A wedding? I take a quick breath. Shit. How in the hell did I manage to get locked in the spin cycle again? I've been swearing off Evelyn for the last decade of my life, and, yet, she's still managed to find her way into my bed. I was stupid. This is all my fault. I've got no one else to blame although I'd love to blame Evelyn.

Her lips crimp. "We should probably go out right now and buy something for it. You know, a memento that we'll always be able to hold and look back on. A little toy or better yet a Jinx T-shirt. There's an entire line of infant wear in the souvenir shop."

"Is there?" It's as if the world is out of focus.

"Yes, you approved apparel last spring. You're expanding." She leans in and takes up my hand. My fingers feel dead, too tired to break free from her grasp. "You're the great Crawford Cannon. You've built an empire." She moves my hand and places it flat over her stomach. "And now you've built a family-with me."

My gaze locks on some invisible horizon, wondering when this nightmare will end so my real life can resume-the one in which I end each day with Stevie in my arms and she bites my ear and whispers, Superman like she means it.

"I'm in love with someone else." I can hardly believe the words as they slip from my mouth. Here all Evelyn wanted was a rattle, a f**king T-shirt to commemorate our big day, and I profess my love for someone else with my hand still warming her belly.

I pull away and slump in my seat.

"Crawford"-she sighs hard-"for the last ten years, you have been hauling girls into your bed." She relaxes into me, and, for a second, I'm convinced she's going to crawl into my lap. "We simply weren't committed. It was an open relationship, but we've always been together. You've always been mine."

Open relationship. Is that what we had? Why do I feel like someone just took a wrecking ball to my head?

"In the beginning it was hard to watch." Her voice grows weak. Evelyn is a master at crafting her argument. "Then, as the years went by, I saw that those girls meant nothing to you. We were still together, attending events, tending to each other." Her finger curves over my jaw, and I fight the urge to bat her away.

She's right. Not one of those girls before Stevie meant anything to me-not even Evelyn. I give a depleted smile.

"So, what do we do now?" I push the words off the ledge of my tongue.

"You make it sound like a chore." Her demeanor changes. Her smile downshifts into a frown. I've worn her thin, and I wish I could say I was sorry. "I guarantee a year from now you'll be in love with a tiny being that has your eyebrows, your brilliant blue eyes."

I don't have brilliant blue eyes, but I refuse to correct her.

Her teeth saw over her lip. "God, if it's a girl I hope she looks just like me. Same lips, and nose, no offense, but my features are better suited for the female population."

"No offense taken." A tiny infant pops through my mind with Stevie's full lips, her amber eyes that look like a sunset reflecting off a lake.

"We both need to adjust to the idea of being parents, that's all," she chirps. "This is going to be heaven."

This is going to be misery.

But as much as I hate to admit it, Evelyn is probably right. In a year I'll be head over heels for this tiny being no matter whose womb it grew in. I'm determined to love my child and be the best father I can. Stevie and I will have to accept this situation and grow around it.

Who am I kidding? I'm pretty sure I've scared Stevie off for good.

It's funny that I was the one who saved her all those years ago at Shipwrecks and now the one drowning is me.

I sure wish Stevie would come to the rescue.

I drop Evelyn off at her apartment. She's convinced she should move in with me as soon as this weekend, but I'd be a fool to let that happen. Maybe once the baby is born, I'll give her a room downstairs, but only because I want to be near my child. Hopefully by then Stevie and I will have worked everything out. I drive over to Rigby and toss on a baseball cap I have in the back before making my way to her dorm. I give a quick knock to the door. It's late, the sun set hours ago. Evelyn tried pulling every trick in the book to get me to stay the night, and every single one of them would have worked if it weren't for Stevie. If Stevie wasn't here, breathing life into my tired existence, Evelyn might have gotten that proposal she wanted out of me from the simple act of wearing me down.

"Who is it?" A voice chimes as the door swings open. Arabella snarls once she sees me. Her hair is twisted up in a towel, and she's got on a short robe that makes me uncomfortable to look at.

"I need to see her."

"See who?" She snaps, leaving the door open and walking back to her bed. "The chick you knocked up doesn't live here."

I glance around at the otherwise empty room.

"Where's Stevie?"

"With family. By the way, she'll be taking a few days off." She plops on her mattress, so I shut the door and take a seat on Stevie's bed.

"When do you think she'll be back?"

"I don't know. Hours-could be days." She fires up the TV. "She's pretty much destroyed."

"Shit." I pull out my phone.

Tell me where you are. We need to talk. I hit send then immediately regret it.

I text Carter next. Did you find her?

He texts right back. She wants you to leave her alone.

Great. I fall onto the pillow, and her sweet scent permeates the air. Stevie isn't home, at least not this one.

Arabella bursts out in laughter while enjoying her show, and an idea comes to mind. I pull out my wallet and pluck out every dollar bill I have-fifteen hundred bucks.

I fan it out and lay it next to her.

"Where's Stevie?"

A strangled noise comes from her throat as she thumbs through the wad.

"Give me five minutes, and I'll draw you a map."

Arabella makes a few calls and hands me an address without pausing. Apparently Stevie is at her sister's house in Pacific Palisades, and I waste no time heading over.

The walkway is dark as an armpit. I trip going up the steps landing hard on my wrist.

"Shit." I jog up the rest of the way, giving a brisk knock over the door.

This day isn't over, and neither are Stevie and I.

It takes a few minutes for the image of a body to warble behind the distorted glass door. That's no sister-looks like a dude.

My stomach drops to my feet. What if this is some ex-boyfriend's house I've just been lured to, and now I'm going to have the crap beaten out of me, get thrown down the stairs so I can break my neck on the way out.

The door swings open.

"Can I help you?" It's that blond dude with the mean left hook, and my body goes numb. I remember him from that night at the club. "Oh, f**k, no." He starts to shut the door, and I stick my shoe inside to block it.

"I just want to talk to her." I push past him like a tornado. "Stevie?" The sound of my voice echoes off the walls, desperate and angry. "Stevie"-I break her name in two as I find her lying on the sofa. Her head is tilted over her shoulder, her eyes swollen, her face pale. It breaks me to see this fragile, listless version of the woman I love.

A blonde girl sits by her side, pissed as hell at the sight of me.

A pair of strong arms pull me back a few good feet.

"Get the hell out." The angry dude from the door has decided to play bouncer.

"Stevie, please. Five minutes is all I ask."

He tries hustling me to the exit, and I knock him off my back, sending him straight into a wall.

I slide over to where she's lying and fall to my knees.

"Stevie." Her eyes are swollen, all crimson, not one trace of white. Her lips are lush and full, and, for a moment, everyone in the room fades away, and I'm tempted to kiss her.

"What do you want to do?" The bouncer swings something, and it takes a moment to register it's a baseball bat.

"Five minutes." Stevie says it weak.

I tick my head at the bat-wielding idiot.

"Alone." She closes her eyes. The girl gets up and takes the baseball bat-wielding maniac with her.

"Stevie," it comes out less than a whisper.

She pats the seat next to her, and I don't hesitate pulling her onto my lap.

"Did she have you paint the nursery yet?" Stevie bleeds out her sarcasm like the letting of a wound.

I bury my face in her hair, and she doesn't stop me. My heart pounds over her back, trying to stomp its way out of my chest and into hers. I can't help feeling that our days are numbered. She might have let me in this time, but what happens when Evelyn starts to show off a round belly? When I'm holding an infant in my arms? Why in the hell would she want to stick around for that brand of heartache? I'm hoping because she loves me, but we haven't crossed that bridge on a good day. I'm not sure why I'm holding out hope right now.

"What do you think should happen?" She lays her head on my shoulder and looks up at me with those doe eyes, those relentlessly long lashes teasing me with every wink because it feels as if I can never have her again.

"I don't think anything should happen. Evelyn is having a baby-"

She touches her finger to my mouth. "You and Evelyn are having a baby." A smile plays on her lips as if she were in on some big secret.

"I'm not interested in a future with Evelyn. If she's having my baby, then, yes, she'll be in my life, but just as far as our child is concerned." Fuck. I squeeze my eyes shut tight and demand the room morph into my bedroom to prove that this entire day is just one long nightmare that felt all too real.

"So if-when Evelyn has your baby"- her eyes meet with mine, sad, far too injured for me to comprehend-"if I wasn't in the picture, what do you think would have happened?"

"You are in the picture, Stevie. I don't play what-ifs."

"Do you think you'd marry her?"

"If I did, it would be strictly out of stupidity and obligation. What you and I share is real. Anything I ever shared with Evelyn is a hollow shell. We never should have stayed around one another this long. It's probably toxic at this point."

"She is toxic, isn't she?" Stevie gazes out at the wall. "I'm sorry, I probably shouldn't be talking about the mother of your child that way."

"I'm not offended by the truth."

"Tell me"-Stevie repositions herself until she's looking at me fully-"what would you do if you found out this was just some game, some conniving scheme to keep her claws buried in your heart?"

"No." I'm quick to refute the idea. "She would never do that. Evelyn is a lot of things, but reprehensible is not one of them. She had the stick." A flashback from that horrific scene in her office comes to mind. "I promise you, she's having a baby." My baby but I leave that part out. Stevie and I just stepped into my worst nightmare. I'd give anything for that baby to be hers.

I bury a mournful kiss on the top of her head.

"What happens to us, Ford?"

My chest pinches tight, and it takes all I've got to fight the tears the hell off.

"We stay us." I bury a kiss in her hair. "We stay us, Stevie."

9

A Vapor in the Night

Stevie

A late October heat wave swelters the Southland with its parched affection, licking the city dry from its every orifice. Bronze skies lay overhead, heavy and dusty, with all the intention of slamming over us like a lid while we sizzle under its oppression.

On Friday, Jinx is buzzing, alive with a hostile air, the smell of fear lingers thick in every corridor. I bump into Carter as herds of people file into the boardroom.

"What's going on?"

"Trouble." He gives a quick grimace, and for the first time I see a glimpse of Ford in his eyes. "Why don't you come in-bring your friend. This is going to be one hell of a learning experience."

"Done." I turn to get Bella, and he gently pulls me back. Carter studies my face for a moment with a twinge of pain written over him. "I heard about what happened. I'm sorry. If it's too hard for you to work under Evelyn, you're welcome to work with me."

I throw a quick glance to the office with its open door, dark as a mouth, and cringe. Bella comes out with that same look of fright she has every morning after being accosted by the queen of mean. "I need to be there for Bella, but I also need to be there for me." It's going to be a hell of a lot more satisfying teaching the evil witch a lesson when I'm right there on the front lines. This war isn't over by a long shot. "I'll be fine, but thank you for the offer."

I wave Bella over, and we follow Evilyn to the boardroom where she takes a seat of prominence right next to the object of her obsession, Ford. I watch uneasily as he pours her a glass of water, as he whispers tenderly into her ear, and she fans herself in response. Ford asks Carson to turn up the AC.

I don't know why it makes me sick to see him comforting her, meeting her every need. Ford is a great guy-if he knew Satan was incubating his child he would be kind to the devil himself.

I glance down at my barren belly. The doctor in the ER said there was no heartbeat, whatever I had probably reabsorbed into my body. There's that. I had my child for less than was ever fair, and, in that short time, Evilyn used her superpowers of manipulation to make the situation work for her. I wonder how she'll "lose" her baby? Unless, of course, she's already found a willing donor to knock her up on the side-someone who looks like Ford, dark hair, pale-sky eyes. Or, maybe now that Ford is in a generous mood, he'll do the deed himself. I'm not sure that he would deny her anything if she asked. Knowing Evil, she'll convince him it's good for the baby.

The door closes, and the room hushes to a whisper.

"I suppose everyone's heard." Ford digs his palm into his eye as if he were fatigued beyond limit. "Jeneration Jinx has been hijacked and is now up and running."

Holy shit. The room fills with a wild rumble.

"On the bright side"-he gives a false smile that disintegrates quick as it came-"it's doing better than expected."

"Who did this?" Someone shouts from the back.

"A company called Satellite Net." His dimples flex in and out with disapproval. "Never heard of the f**kers."

Everyone shakes their heads because, apparently, no one else has ever heard of the f**kers either. I wonder if I have. If the f**kers in question go by the name Lincoln or Hans.

"They swiped our technology-used the exact pattern of distribution, same key codes, same damn details right down to a T." His voice ricochets off the walls like gunfire. "That means we have a mole." He gives a quick accusing sweep of everyone at the table. "And I'm one hundred percent sure that person is in this room."

My insides go rigid. My body breaks out in a cold sweat.

A rumble breaks out among the crowd as everyone cranes their necks in twelve different directions. It's a real life last super moment. Judas is among us, dipping his bread in the wine, purporting his or her allegiance to Ford while selling him out on the side for thirty shitty pieces of silver. But then if it were me-if I myself were Judas, I sold him out without so much as a song. My father's affection isn't worth the hurt I may have put in Ford's heart.

Jeneration Jinx is the exact program I downloaded onto that thumb drive. I pat my hips as if it might still be on me-never mind the fact these are different pants, this is a different day all together.

"Whoever this is"-Ford gives a hard, dead stare, his nostrils flare with rage-"I will find you. I will prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law. I will destroy you. I will annihilate your ability to ever make a living again. You will wish you never heard of Jinx. I will make sure you cringe each and every time you see a damn f**king cat." Ford goes on and on about the coup, and the room swirls.

My lungs seize up. It's impossible to catch my next breath, leaving me gasping for air. I scoot back and leave without drawing any attention to myself. I ditch over to the restroom, lock myself in a stall because I'm about to text the shit out of my brother.

Are you Satellite Net?

He texts right back. No. Word on the street is that your ex-boyfriend is having one shit day. I'm laughing my ass off by the way.

Did you do this? I'm shaking. I'm so angry right now I want to reach through the phone and throttle my brother. I'm not sure who I'm more pissed at-me for being so stupid or Lincoln.

Nope. You can sleep with a clear conscience. Somebody f**ked him good, but it wasn't me. He hurts you again, it will be.

I stare at my phone a good long while before deleting the entire conversation. I take another few minutes to douse my face with water and slip my feet out of my heels. The cool tile burns through my soles until I feel almost human again.

By the time I make my way back out, the hallway is teeming with downtrodden faces, the air is thick with anger and murderous thoughts for whoever managed to swipe their hard work and claim it as their own. Suddenly, I'm feeling like America's most wanted. I think it's clear Lincoln did this. He's trying to usurp me at every turn, and soon this whole company will belong to him. The core is on lockdown, and, most likely, both he and Kinsley are petrified of me penetrating our father's sacred heart. I bet they're fearing for their trust funds. Sure we seem to get along great, but the thought of me taking an ax to their inheritance probably has them sinking to new lows, like stealing the very thing I set out to steal-my boyfriend's company. I give a wry smile at the thought of Ford being my anything. He may never be mine, but it doesn't mean I don't have feelings for him. Hell, he's the first person outside of a relation I've actually felt the L word for-that four-letter word I've wielded like an expletive for so long. And here Ford was responsible for the gentle thaw of my heart just as Evelyn snatched him away again. He's still mine. I think both Evelyn and I know that.

Screw Kinsley and Lincoln if they think they can take Jinx. I think it's time to do some usurping myself. I pluck out my phone again and scroll the text messages until I find my father. I haven't seen him since June, it was my stepmother's birthday, and I sat at the other end of the elongated table. I may as well have been in China. My father and I had a brief exchange regarding my upcoming internship, and that was the sum total of our conversation.

I need to see you. Can you fit me in? I send the text and wait, but nothing comes from it.

Evelyn cackles out a laugh, and I glance up to find Ford dutifully by her side. A group of people offer their congratulations. Laughter replaces the somber mood as they pat the happy couple on the back-talk of nightshift feedings float to the ceiling, the mention of diapers and lactation consultants are volleyed around. It's so jovial and light, it's like a party has broken out after the funeral that just took place in the boardroom. A woman with glasses no bigger than a Band-Aid touches Evelyn's flat stomach.

God, she's pulling so many people into the lie, I'm afraid to witness anymore of this farce.

I should leave Jinx altogether-leave Rigby-change my name if I'm smart. I can't help feeling like I'm staring a ticking time bomb in the face.

Ford catches my eye. We enter into a standoff before he nods his head toward the stairwell and starts walking in that direction, alone. I give it a minute before I head after him.

The door closes behind me with a hiss, and his cologne wraps itself around me before he does. He pulls me in so tight I'm forced to exhale the breath I've been holding since I stepped out of that meeting.

"I love you," he whispers in my ear, and a fire spirals through me.

"I love it when you hold me like this." I pull back and bite my lip hard to keep the smile, the tears at bay. I do love it when his arms are wrapped around me tight as a coil. Claire used to squeeze the shit out me when we held each other. I feel Claire, and I feel Ford all at once, and, oddly, it feels as if I'm going to burst into a million particles of light.

"So"-I pull back and melt my gaze over his-"hey, Superman." I gently glide his hands off me. "Why do I suddenly feel like a dirty little secret? Is that what I've become? Or is that what I've been all along?"

"Stevie." Ford tries to wrap his arms around me once again, and I press my hand to his chest. "I swear you're anything but. I want to protect your internship."

"Does Evelyn know you're still seeing me?" My voice echoes up the stairwell like a traitor. I lean back and fall into those baby blue puddles of his.

"She asked about us." He smooths his thumb over my cheek before pressing a kiss over my lips like a slow burn.

"What did you tell her?" There's an urgency in my voice that frightens me. I know for a fact his answer can change everything about us in an instant or at least until I see my father.

A door opens from below and the sound of heels clicking echoes around us, followed by another door opening then silence.

Ford bears into me with his lips sealed tight.

"I guess I have my answer." I turn to leave and he pulls me in close, his mouth just a breath from mine.

"I told her you haven't been to my house since I found out."

His words sting as they stream from his lips.

It's true I haven't, but only because Aspen insisted I stay close to family until I felt one hundred percent. She's been dropping by Kinsley's every night to see me. Ford came the first night, but I was quickly relegated to text messages although, in his defense, Lincoln threatened to fry his balls up and shove them down his throat if he showed his face again. Not to mention the fact Ford did ask me to go back to his place. But I was too afraid my mouth would open and breech the dam, and all of my secrets, my deceptions, would come flooding and take out the innocent.

A thought comes to me.

"Are you trying to make her believe that we're over? God, are we over?" A viral panic thumps through me. A part of me wants to tell him everything and then push him down the stairs for ever considering Evelyn over me-baby or not.

"No, I swear to you, we are not over." His brows dip. He looks vexingly gorgeous, and I wish he would stop. "I'm in this. You're the only one that matters in my life, but with the baby-"

"You want to be careful."

"Yes." He closes his eyes, pressing his forehead to mine. "Every time I move in the wrong direction, she complains of a pain, a cramp. It's only been one week, and I can't imagine much more of this. But, if my child is involved, I want to make sure she's safe."

For a second, I think he's talking about the baby, and then I realize it's Evelyn.

"I get it." I completely get how Evelyn plans on charming her way back into his life-several months of one-on-one time, of bonding with their imaginary new child and let's not forget the horrible miscarriage I see coming a mile away. She'll have his emotions stretched so thin he won't know what hit him. Plus, he'll be grieving. They'll grieve together. And, here, I was the one who had his baby, lost it, and had to grieve all on my own. Evelyn and all of her wickedness burns like a fire through me, and, I think for the first time ever, I'm capable of strangling another human being. "Why don't you get back in there?" I place my hand on the doorknob and open it enough for his arms to glide off me voluntarily. "You're a good person to care for your baby's wellbeing." And an idiot for believing that wicked witch to begin with. "I really do love how involved you already are. I'm sure you're planning to go to all her doctor appointments, too. I mean if it were me having your baby, I'd love for you to come-you know, hear the baby's heartbeat-hold my hand during all those intrusive examinations."

"Yes. I want to do those things-but, God, how I wish it was you." A cloud of grief envelops him as he steps toward me once again. He goes for the kiss, but I inch my head back.

My phone beeps in my purse, and I give it a quick glance. It's my father.

Come to the office. I'll be here all afternoon.

God. My heart thumps in and out of rhythm as if this simple text might kill me. But it's anything but a simple text. My father responded within a reasonable amount of time. The lines of communication are open-stretching out like a highway straight to his heart-when all I really expected was a vast desert of silence. He's never so much as returned a call, let alone made the effort to return a text.

"Stevie"-Ford gently lifts my chin until I'm looking at his broken features-"I don't want you to feel like you need to sneak around with me. And I, for sure, don't want Evelyn to feel threatened."

I give a slow nod. How easily he caved to her demands. A fire enlivens in me. Why the hell don't I just tell him the truth? Somewhere buried deep inside me is a twisted bitch who insists on dragging out the pain life likes to offer. When pain is all you know, it's easy to turn to, to linger in its shelter like an old vitriolic friend.

"I'm not letting you go, Stevie. There's nothing Evelyn can do to keep us apart. My future is with you"-he steps in, and an inferno erupts between us-"with the children we're going to have one day. We belong together. You belong to me, and I belong to you. We just need to get through these next several months." He lends a meandering kiss to my cheek that stretches to my ear. "I can't do this without you. Please, Stevie."

I pull back and flatten my hands over his chest, creating a barrier between us.

"I won't be your secret, Ford. Congratulations on the baby. I'll be here for you when this is all through." I clasp his cheeks and bear into his watery eyes. "Remember these words. I will be here for you when this entire nightmare is over." I press a tight kiss to his lips, my heart already hardened to stone for what I'm about to do next.

I turn around and leave for the day.

It's time to see my father.

Hans Lionheart redefines the word enigma. Lionheart Enterprises is tucked in the downtown financial district amidst the almost nonexistent hustle and bustle of L.A. The offices take up the entire long, black tower that pierces into the sky with its phallic intent. My father mostly owns investment firms that specialize in Ponzi schemes and offshore accounts that would make any IRS investigator twitchy. Actually, that's probably not true, but, then knowing the ways of this crooked world and my father's seemingly never-ending wealth, I'd bet the only dollar I have it is.

I step into the sterile environment of white marble floors, black granite covers the walls, the counters, as smoky mirrors fill in the chilling void. It's night and day comparing this place to Jinx, but then my father only hires licensed professionals committed to traditional business attire and leather briefcases, whereas Jinx opens its arms to college dropouts and tech geniuses that have been living above their parents garages for a good span of their twenties. Lionheart is cold and ruthless. It eats smaller, less testicularly endowed companies for breakfast. Jinx is forward thinking, embracing its millennial status as it rushes the masses to a new technological future. Nevertheless, despite his paternal shortcomings, I love my father. And ditto for Ford, despite his paternal shortcomings-due to the fact there is no actual offspring-I love Crawford Cannon. I love that he says I'm his-that I belong to him like I'm some figurine he picked up on an exotic vacation. In the end, that's all I've ever wanted-to belong to someone other than myself. My heart has been one lonely place since the day I lost Claire. This life was meant for sharing, and I almost had that in its purest form with Ford until Evilyn and her imaginary bad seed infiltrated basecamp.

I ride the elevator up and step out onto the penthouse floor where I have to pass three levels of security to see my father. His secretary is young and strikingly beautiful. I wonder how good old Daphne copes with the fact my father is greeted each morning with this budding rose and yet has to go home each night to her wilted glory. I wouldn't mind Daphne so much if she weren't the very reason Claire and I were disposed of to begin with-not that the children of an extra-marital affair should be venerated, they simply shouldn't be treated like felons and written out of the will as a stipulation for an already broken marriage to resume.

"I'm here to see my father." I tell the girl as I admire her purple-pink lipstick and secretly wonder if I could get away with that color.

Her eyes widen as if studying me for traces of Kinsley. I couldn't look like Kins if I bleached my hair and wore blue contacts.

"His other daughter," I clarify. "Stevie Eaton." Lionheart, but I leave that part out. I'm guessing she would find it harder to believe I share his name than I do his DNA.

She makes a call and whispers something before hanging up and buzzing me in.

This is it. Dorothy finally gets to speak to the Wizard. I have that same thought every time I get to this point, but then I've only seen him at his office a handful of times. I tried to get an interview last semester as a part of a group project, but he denied me. It was pretty embarrassing to tell seven of my classmates that my father couldn't see us. But the truth was that he wouldn't-that was the clincher.

I step into the oversized double doors as my father rises behind his heavily shellacked Burl wood desk. It was a gift from a Sultan of an oil rich country. My father told me so the last time I visited because it was delivered just the day before. The handles are intricately carved and inlaid with gold. The corners come complete with beveled edges to keep impoverished financial spirits away. I had to bite my tongue not to laugh when he told me that one.

My father stands all of six foot three. His elegant navy suit disguises his Nordic frame, giving him the illusion of a well-built linebacker. His hair is stiffly sprayed in a hard left part to camouflage his expanding bald spot.

"Daddy." I go over and offer a firm embrace. He feels solid, thicker than Ford, less stable though, like if I keep trying to hold on, I might fall right through.

"Please, love, take a seat." He holds up a bottle of water, and I refuse.

"How are you?" I wanted to ask, do you own Satellite Net?

"I'm well." He folds his hands over his desk and dons a forced grin. "I hear good things are happening over at Jinx Enterprises." His smile expands like the cat who swallowed the canary. More like the Lionheart who swallowed the cat.

"Good things?" The baby runs through my mind, first Evelyn's, then mine. "They lost a new app to some mysterious upstart this morning. Chaos is a better way to describe what's happening there."

"I know all about it." He lifts his chin. "Is that why you've come? Are you eager to flog me over something you fear I've done?"

"More like applaud you." If he's going to lie, then so will I. "You've done this. I can see it in your eyes."

His smile comes and goes, quick as a seizure.

"Satellite Net was a company I incurred two months ago. I've kept a low profile for just this reason."

Oh, my, God. He's not even trying to deny it. But then why should he? Aren't I his family, his blood? He doesn't know I've fallen into the thorny pit of love, and that my uterus is still swollen with fragments of Cannon DNA.

"First the club, now Jeneration Jinx-what's next?" It comes out far more exuberant as if I were eagerly noshing on popcorn while watching the show.

"All of it." He drills those powder blue eyes into mine like a warning. "It's up to you, Stevie, to help me do what's next. Can you do that?"

Shit.

My insides quiver, my lips bloat because a part of me wants to sob like a three-year-old.

"Two questions." I swallow hard. My father sits unchanged with his determined gaze. "What do I get out of this, and why are you going after Jinx so hard?"

"Fair enough." His leathered face furrows into a series of lines over his forehead and along his mouth. He squints at me as if he were pissed that I asked, not fair enough at all. "To answer your first question, I'll bring you into the fold. I'll have my legal department draw up a new will and testament that leaves you a quarter of my estate upon my passing. A portion for you and one for your sister."

Holy shit.

"Aspen?" God, she's going to be ecstatic. Aspen won't admit it, but she's just as hurt to be written out as I was.

"Claire." Her name flies around the room like a bird that's just escaped its cage. "I'm gifting it to you in memory of your sister. I'll deal with Aspen another day."

Claire. Victory at last. My father hadn't so much as breathed my dead sister's name before, and, now, he's reverberated it off his opulent green walls the color of his favorite currency.

"To answer your next question"-he thumps his folded hands over the desktop-"there was a woman by the name of Lana Rule." His eyes close as he leans into his seat. For the first time ever my father looks broken and beaten. I'm half afraid I'm witnessing a break down. "Your mother has the answer to this one." He riffles through a stack of papers on his desk. "I'm through with this meeting, Stevie. If you're a willing partner and care to go through with this, let my secretary know on the way out." He picks up his phone and spins in his large leather chair to face the wall, effectively shutting me out.

I make my way back into the hall and pause at the desk of the pretty young thing reapplying her lipstick, this time a garish red-dragon's blood red.

My father wants me to gut Ford for sport. He doesn't need Jinx. He doesn't need a dollar he'll earn from here to eternity. This is bigger than money, than Jinx, this is a ghost looming from the past begging for revenge, and her name is Lana Rule.

What will become of Ford and me if I refuse to help my father? Will he really sweep me off my feet and be my forever? Or will Evelyn keep squirming her way into his life until she finally has every last inch of him, including his heart?

Lincoln's words come back to me, rising up over the hillside of my mind like a grassfire. Jinx is surrounded. The dogs are out. They're baring their teeth. It's just a matter of who pounces first.

"Tell my father I said, yes," I say, stepping into the open mouth of the elevator. "I'll do it."

I told Ford that first night we met I would be his worst nightmare.

He should have listened.

Love has failed me too many times before.

But, then, the exact reason I'm doing this is in honor of that four-letter word.

And, ironically enough, this is my way of loving him.

Ford

"More wine?" Evelyn laughs as I refill my glass to the brim. It's my fourth. And now, that she's followed me home, with just a few things in her overnight bag, I'm afraid I'll need four bottles just to process what's happening. Just how in the hell did I go from having Stevie in my bed to trading her in for Evelyn-Evelyn who I thought I had ripped out of my life like a bandage, and now she's here taking root like a weed I can't get rid of?

"You ever think of the past?" I hold up my glass as if toasting this disaster before knocking it back.

Evelyn's face melts like a nuke just went off in the vicinity.

If I had this afternoon to do all over again, I'd start from the beginning and tell Stevie all about my thorny relationship with Evelyn. But how do you tell the woman you love-the woman you're determined to spend the rest of your life with-about a love story that concerns another woman? Love story. More like a tragedy that ended with a body count. Evelyn has been a bad apple from the start, and my own wandering dick didn't add much to the situation.

"The past?" She pulls my glass from me and takes a sip. "All the time. You tell Little Miss Priss?"

She's referred to Stevie that way twice now. There's no point in telling her to knock it off because she won't.

"Not yet."

"Please don't." There's a genuine sense of pleading on her part, and there are so few genuine things about Evelyn, it pains me to see it.

Once I fell hard for her--hard, then there was a baby coming.

"Evelyn." I roll my head toward her and examine her like this, pregnant again with my child, her face bloated, slight bags underneath her eyes. I feel responsible in every way for what's become of Evelyn both inside and out. "What do you think is going to become of us?" It's a loaded question, but I need to draw a line in the sand before I find myself in a church in front of four hundred of our "closest" friends once again, making vows I could never really keep-not with Evelyn. The first time we were young, and I was stupid enough to believe that love would come, that the hollowness I felt in my chest for her was anything even close to love. But we lost the baby, and that was what I was doing at that altar to begin with, trying to commit to a baby I had created, trying to man-up as my stepfather so eloquently put it. After we lost the baby, Evelyn went off on an extended European vacation with her mother, and I assumed we were over, so I slept with someone else. In truth, I was trying to fill the void of losing my child, and Evelyn refused to speak of it, to comfort either her or me in any way. Then another baby came, and we lost that one, too.

"We argued. I'm not sure we ever got along." It streams from my lips catatonic as I stare out at the stable. Evelyn and I argued so damn much it felt as if we shouted our way through our so-called honeymoon. The first three months were a living hell, and then she lost the baby. She was five months along and had to go into the hospital to deliver. It was a bitter hell we were both thrust into. Then there was the funeral. The tiny white casket we buried our son in. It still hurts to think about it. The second baby was simply lost. I found her on the couch one day. She had already been to the doctor without me.

I clench my jaw just thinking about how stupid I've been this past year-what a nightmare I've walked into because I couldn't control my inherent need to f**k the nearest thing that moved, and on more than one night that body belonged to Evelyn. I used her like a standby, and she didn't seem to mind. It was a bad situation all around. I can see that now. For years I clung onto the body of my dead child-children, as a crutch to show myself exactly why I didn't deserve another relationship, another wife. Evelyn and I could have gotten along better if I tried a little a harder. When she started in, I didn't have to fire right back. But I didn't want it. As cruel as it sounds, I resented Evelyn for the marriage because deep down I never really wanted her. If I had it to do over again, I'd hold out for Stevie.

Evelyn comes and sits in my lap. She's bonier than Stevie. Her hair doesn't hold the same hypnotic notes of raspberries and vanilla.

"The past is gone," she hums, running her finger along my jaw. "We buried it. Yes, we were miserable, but we've always cared for each other, Crawford. We always came back to one another."

Most bad habits are hard to break.

"Here." She takes my hand and places it over her stomach. "This, right here is the future." She leans in and kisses my temple. "We can be the family that we were always meant to be. You're still my husband in God's eyes. I'm still your wife. We just needed this miracle to find our way back to each other."

I close my eyes and try to feel something to see if she's right. My hand glides over her jeans, and I beg my black soul to feel something for Evelyn, but all I feel, all I see, all I want is Stevie.

"You'll get over her," she purrs in my ear like a necrotic sweet nothing. "She's already over you. I saw the way she was looking at Carter. A girl with a wandering eye is never the right one. But me, I've only had eyes for you." She sweeps my hair to the side as if I were a little boy.

I look up at her with her dark hair pulled back tight, her thin lips cut with a line of crimson.

"Do you remember the day we met?" She coos as if she were reading me a bedtime story. And why the hell are my internal alarms going off? I can't help but feel manipulated by her-most likely because she's a master at it.

"You were putting up a poster, and I offered to help." I should have run. I should have never thought about how she might fall and break her neck. It's funny because I wasn't attracted to her at first. I was literally trying to keep her from snapping her spine. After that, she stalked me proficiently, threatened my then girlfriend into retreating, and before I knew it, Evelyn was a nightly visitor in my bedroom. I liked sex too much to kick her out, and after that, we sort of morphed into Crawford-and-Evelyn. Not once has she called me Ford, she said it cheapened who I really was. Every time she said my name, I hated it a little more-nothing but nails on a chalkboard.

"I fell in love with you right then." She leans hard into my chest. "I saw nothing else after that-just you, Crawford. And now all I see are your beautiful eyes, those full lips. You're all mine. You asked me what I expected from this. I'll tell you." She presses her lips to my ear. "All of you."

I pull my hand from her belly and gently return her to the seat beside me.

I forgo my wine glass and drink from the bottle.

All of me.

That's exactly what she isn't going to get, but if I want this baby to survive I'm afraid that's what I'll have to give.

I can't keep adding to the body count. It's time to man up, then run like hell once this baby is born, alive and healthy. I just hope Stevie is still in the vicinity when it's all said and done.

She said she would be.

I lift the bottle toward the blood-red sky.

Now there's a wish I'm hoping will come true.

Weeks drift by. Stevie and I grow more distant, and no matter how hard I try to pull us together, Evelyn plucks us right back apart. The company is hosting an employee mixer down at Kinx tonight, and the beehive is buzzing. My brothers and I revamped every detail at the club because the last thing we wanted was to look like a cheap Gravity knock-off. In the end, I think we've actually managed to produce something better than originally planned. Carter had a stroke of genius and thought the club should convert to a coffee bar during the day to provide a twenty-four hour facility that the millionaire-rich community can enjoy. We installed a full-blown gym off the back, creating our own social hub. Lionheart can have its measly nightclub with its sparse hours of operation, and its even sparser social offerings. Hans Lionheart's attempt to knock Jinx down has only made it better. Now to figure out a way to rectify that f**king app he swiped. I've got a few ideas, good ones too, so I head over to Carter's office. The door is ajar, and I spot a pair of long legs standing in front of the desk, his arms wrapped around a girl. For a second I think it's Stevie's sister with the same long, dark hair, but she turns just slightly, and my stomach drops. It's Stevie herself. Carter pulls her in even tighter and touches his cheek to hers.

"I'll be here for you," he says in that I'm-such-a-hero tone I'm starting to hate.

"What the f**k?" I burst in without giving it a second thought.

They don't part ways. They don't move. Stevie sags as if she were too worn out to care anymore. I had done this, intrinsically I know it, but Stevie is mine, and I'm not in the mood to negotiate.

"Take your hands off her." I'll rip him to pieces if he hesitates-and he does.

Carter takes a step back, and I slam him to the wall.

"Ford, stop!" Stevie screams loud and piercing as a fire alarm.

I knee my brother hard in the balls and crash my fist into his face in the event he's not getting the message.

The door slams, and I glance back to see that Stevie is long gone, nothing but a stream of silence in her wake.

Carter knocks me flat on my back, and my head bounces off the floor. The room spins for a minute.

"You stupid piece of shit." Carter kicks me hard in the thigh before rolling over. "You touch my balls again, and you're going to die."

"Got it." I groan before sitting up. "Dude, did you touch her? She's a hands off situation. Do not, I repeat, do not start shit with her. She's vulnerable. She's hurt."

"And who put her in that position? Who hurt her?"

"Point taken." I lean up against the wall as we pant in and out of turn. We're both too tired and f**ked-up to move.

"Evelyn is making her miserable. You're making her miserable. She has things she wants to tell you." He winces. "Have you told her about your past with Evelyn?"

"Not yet."

He shakes his head. "The two of you are masters of holding back the truth." He staggers to his feet and swipes his phone off his desk. "Maybe the two of you deserve one another."

Carter takes off, leaving his stale, cryptic words to linger in the air.

Maybe the two of us deserve one another?

What the hell is that supposed to mean?

10

Defying Gravity

Stevie

The thick November clouds clutter up the sky in dark navy jags with a layer of crimson woven throughout as if God were revealing the tapestry of our lives, leaving us to decipher what it all means.

Billy Knoxville. I stalk him often on his various social media sites. Three years after Claire died, he knocked up some chick named Gia. Of course, Gia, being the wise girl she was, left his sorry ass and took her kid clear across to Canada. Billy ended up at OSU, trading in his childhood nickname for William and joined a frat that was notorious for dealing. Since he could change his name but not his ways, William was booked for possession his senior year, was effectively expelled, and now manages an all-night pancake house. I pull his Jinx profile up and see that he's updated his status. She said yes! He wears a toothy grin, holding a bikini-clad girl in one arm, a margarita in the other.

I wonder if that's what Claire would have wanted. A life with pancake house Billy. Reefer dealing Billy. Kid in Canada Billy. But, then, maybe if Claire had lived, none of those quasi-tragic things would have happened to him. Maybe William would be running for senate, they'd have a baby on the way, and Claire would have started a memorial fund for me by now. She had a way of making things better for those around her. And now I wish she would have lived, if for nothing else, for pancake house Billy's sake.

Claire fills me with her presence. I close my eyes and let her move through my body, alive and fluttering like a thousand butterflies. She paints my soul with rainbows, rivers and streams, the fruit of heaven. I can feel her. Feel her. My mother jags through my mind with her dark wings and shadowed intent as the needle in the balloon of my fantasy.

When Claire and I were young, we would trade places so often that our lives became interchangeable. Once, my mother, thinking I was my sister, pulled me into the room and whispered a thing of horror in my ear.

"Watch your sister. She's going to need you. Life isn't kind to someone like that. She feasts off the need to make people pay for their sins, and those are the most dangerous kinds of people. Bare your pure heart to hers. Only you have the ability to wipe her soul clean. It's my fault she wears her impurities like a badge. I did this. I bore illegitimate children, and God has decided to use her as my punishment. You must help me heal this wound."

"She's the wound?" I asked in the best imitation of my sister.

"She is my love." Her features harden. Her lips tighten as if she were onto our rouse all along. "She is the most infected wound of all."

I head into the Trattoria and find both my sisters already seated at our favorite table.

At least I still have my siblings-most of them. That's about the only thing that's going right for me. I needed an escape today. I couldn't take much more of Evelyn's bitchy freak out. Here she is, plodding through her imaginary first trimester, and everyone is eyeing her falsely distended belly-dousing her with adulations as if she just found the cure to the common cold. A mountain of gender-neutral gifts grows steady on her desk with new packages delivered daily to her office. Of course, she has me open them all and write out her thank you notes. And as a part of her dedication to this ongoing farce, she's dutifully put on a good twenty pounds. It's hard to believe Ford has been so patient with her lies. How could he possibly believe them? I thought for sure he'd insist on going to those contrived doctor's appointments of hers, but maybe Crawford Cannon isn't the man I thought he was. Evelyn has already moved into his downstairs bedroom, and I haven't set foot on his property since the news broke.

"What's going on, baby sis?" Aspen pulls me into a long, deep hug. "You look miserable."

Her eyes are swollen as if she's been crying. She has a floral printed scarf around her neck that doesn't quite cover up a seam of red flesh, nothing but a row of broken blood vessels.

"Ditto," I say, lowering the gossamer-thin fabric. "God, what happened?"

Kinsley gasps as she takes in the bloated red flesh. "Did you burn yourself with the curling iron?"

I kick Kins under the table for even offering Aspen the out.

"Look me in the eye, and tell me he didn't do this to you." I squeeze my fingers into her flesh so hard her cardigan falls off her shoulder exposing another welt over her arm. I pull it down further-Aspen is red as an apple. "What the hell is all this?"

"Relax, they're just hickeys." She adjusts her clothes and folds her hands over the table as if it were perfectly normal.

"Excuse me?" Kinsley tries to get Aspen to look at her to no avail. "Aren't hickeys a throwback to junior high?"

"Yes," I answer for her. "That's what stupid boys do to mark girls. He's marking you, isn't he?" I shake my head. "He's afraid you'll leave. You are going to leave, right?"

"This is hardly a crime." Aspen adjusts her scarf. "He's my husband." She grinds her teeth. "There's no way I'm failing at this."

"Failing?" A sorry laugh tries to hammer its way out of my throat. "You were never in a winning position to begin with." I pull her in and whisper into her ear. "You don't belong with Henry. You never did."

"He's not a bad person." She looks away when she says it. "He really wants this to work."

"Well, it's not." Kinsley points at the scarf wrapped around Aspen's neck. "This whole marked look isn't working for you at all. Move in with me and Linc."

"I'll pass." Aspen shivers as if reliving a bad memory, and, knowing her, that was just last night. "What's new with you, Kins?" She feigns interest in my sister's life just long enough to change the subject. She doesn't have the guts to face me. Her affect falls flat as if she were simply going through the motions. This isn't the sister I know and love, this is some shell that Henry gutted and poorly decorated with his mouth.

Kinsley bites hard on her lower lip. "Dillon Collette has been a very good friend to me." A giggle brews in her throat.

"Are you sleeping with him?" Aspen pulls her back so hard I half expect a fistfight to break out.

"No, things are getting heated though." Kinsley bounces her seat away from Aspen. "Geez, would you relax?"

"I won't relax. He's married in the event you didn't know. You said he had little kids. You can't just interject yourself in a situation like that. He's using you. Don't fall for it. Marriage is sacred, and it should be treated that way." She tosses a twenty-dollar bill on the table. "I have to go." Aspen dives toward the exit, slamming into Lincoln on her way out.

"And there's that." Kinsley lifts her drink as a backward toast before taking a sip. "She's so screwed up, she can't see straight. There has to be something we can do."

Carter blinks through my mind.

"Sometimes only true love can save the day," I whisper.

This afternoon Evelyn insisted I write from the future Mrs. Cannon on those ridiculous thank you cards she's having me do, so I gave her the finger and walked the hell out of there. That's when Carter found me and pulled me into his office. He's been a steady system of support throughout this entire crisis. He insisted I come clean to Ford, and I agreed. Carter volunteered to be there for me when I finally tell Ford everything, and that's, ironically, when Ford stormed in and beat the shit out of him. I feel terrible. And, of course, I feel equally bad that I have to confess to Ford my true identity-my true intentions. Although, I'm not really sure what the hell my intentions are anymore.

My days playing the Lionheart spy at Jinx are numbered. Carter suggested we wait until Monday then take Ford somewhere neutral like the beach and lay it all out.

"What's going on?" Lincoln scoots in close. "Aspen nearly decapitated me on her way out. You two piss her off?" He looks at Kinsley accusingly.

"Nope." I run my finger over the rim of my glass absentmindedly. "Her husband pissed her off, she just doesn't know it."

"Let's order, I'm starved." Kinsley flags down a waitress, and the two of them put in their usual, but I choose to decline.

"Never seen you turn down a meal." Kinsley eyes me with suspicion. "Everything okay?"

"I haven't had much of an appetite as of late. In fact, I've been sick to my stomach." I tell them about Evelyn's f**ked-up thank yous and my trip to Carter's office. "I've decided to do it." I lock eyes with my brother. "I'm coming clean with everything on Monday. Carter is coming with us to Shipwrecks. I'm going to tell Ford exactly who I am, and then I'm going to cut myself loose from this madness."

"Is that what you think you're doing?" Lincoln's eyes harden to flint. "You think you can just end this because your 'heart got crushed along the way?'" He says that last part as if it were the ridiculous ponderings of a child. "Why the hell do you even care about that ass**le? The Cannons have been a thorn in our side for the past few years. This is your chance, Stevie. You can fall into our father's good graces. You deserve to be written back into that will, both you and Aspen." His gaze steadies over mine as if he were pleading with me, and I believe he is. "You have it all in the palm of your hand, don't let this bastard come between you and the family. I've talked to my mother. She's impressed with your loyalty."

A disgruntled huff expels from me. He had me until he mentioned his mother. His mother is the exact reason I've been denied a father all these years, and now I'm wondering if I want one at all.

"I have you guys." I force a bright smile. "In a few months I'll have my degree. Life isn't all about money and trust funds. I can manage just fine without a dime of 'Daddy's' money." There's a pang in my chest, deep and hot as a bullet, as if my words had the power to kill me. "Besides, it was never our father's money I wanted. I wanted him. I'm not sure he's capable of giving me what I've always craved." And that's love. I once thought Ford was capable, and now I'm not sure of that either.

"And you think this guy-who thinks he's having a kid with someone else, is going to give you what you need?"

I search Lincoln's face as if he held the answer to the very question he asked.

"I don't know. But I think I'd be stupid not to find out."

I snatch my purse from the back of my chair and rise to leave.

"Stevie, wait!" Kinsley pulls me in. "Don't turn your back on the family. This is your opportunity to prove yourself to Daddy. You can do this. You can have both. If this guy really loves you..." her voice trails off because even Kinsley, in her constant state of debutant delusions, knows that I have can't have both. If I kick Jinx out from beneath Ford, that will be the final nail in our coffin.

"Monday. It all ends." I take off.

It's time to tunnel in for the weekend and bury myself in ice cream and chick flicks.

I need you, Lo.

I stare at the text until each letter burns into my mind. I see them when I close my eyes. I can hear him whispering them straight into my ear. Ideally, before I ever tell Ford a damn thing, Evelyn will come clean. I have it all mapped out in my mind. Carter and I will take Ford to Shipwrecks right after lunch on Monday. That gives me a few short hours to somehow convince the Evil One that she needs to vomit out the truth.

I shovel another spoonful of Cherry Garcia into my mouth.

Evilyn has always been the wild card. Odds are she won't cooperate. The last thing I want to do is spill her lies myself. Ford already stated emphatically that she would never fake a pregnancy. I wonder what makes him so sure? What makes him so confident she wouldn't slash and burn her way through this world just to be with him? Nope. Evilyn has to tell him herself. It's the only way to ensure she won't pull another stunt. Once he sees for himself the cobra he's kept by his side, all these years, he'll realize how dangerous she really is.

My phone buzzes again. It's an interoffice text.

Don't forget, the Kinx mixer is tonight! This is a mandatory event for all employees and interns. Open bar, one night only.

I text Ford. Timely threat, Superman.

Anything to see you, Lo.

Something stirs in me, and I get my ass off the couch. There's an employee mixer I'm suddenly anxious to attend.

Kinx is located within walking distance of Gravity, which inadvertently creates a marketplace for nightclubs in downtown Breakers-not that Breakers needs a nightclub, let alone a string debauchery laden dens. Everything Ford Cannon does is by design with the exception of where he puts his penis. He seems much more liberal with that not-so-little detail.

I don my tightest little black dress and stuff my feet into a pair of patent leather FMs. It takes less than fifteen minutes to drive down to the club. Bella is already here somewhere swarming with the rest of the worker bees as I head inside. Its employee-intern night, so the public will have to wait another day to partake in the brilliance that is Kinx. The worker bees are happy and smiling, shouting at one another above the music with a laugh in their throat. For a moment I envy them. They don't have evil preceptors or company takeovers to weigh them down.

I navigate my way downstairs. There's a party in the basement, and I plan on dancing the night away. Come Monday, Ford won't want me anywhere near this place.

It's dark inside, the walls painted a deep marine, and it gives off an underwater feel. The stairwell glows an electric blue as I wind my way to where a DJ pumps out the beats so loud my chest acts as a facilitator for the bass. Bodies grind up against one another. I spot Jener and Bella having a great time and frown. I forgot she essentially has a plus one. I'd better find the Evil One and give a brief wave before taking off. Knowing her, she'll have my internship revoked for being a no-show. A familiar song streams through the speakers, and I can't help but get pumped. My mood has been swinging like a pendulum as of late, so it doesn't surprise me that I'm all over the place-eating Cherry Garcia one minute and rolling my head seductively to the rhythm of Pearl Jam the next.

I spot Pepper and head over.

"Where's your boss?" I'm sure wherever Evil is, Ford can't be too far behind since he's unwittingly been recruited as her henchmen-not to mention the fact she doesn't believe in letting him out of her sight.

"In the sapphire room." She nods down the hall, and I make my way over. The music increases with intensity, the crowd sloshes around in a blur. I enter the room at the end and find it dark as hell with bodies glowing an ethereal blue, floating around like ghosts. The whole place has a haunted appeal. It makes you dizzy-makes you drunk without a drop of alcohol running through your veins although I'm pretty sure I'm the only one who's not liquored up with the exception of Evelyn. She's been pretty staunch in her lie, even omitting her daily consumption of sushi to propagate the mass perjury she's committing.

And here she is. Evilyn dances with her head tossed back. Her body writhes up and down Ford's like an accomplished stripper. In Ford's defense, he's standing against the wall with his knee bent, hands in his pockets while talking to Carter through the side of his mouth. Evilyn is simply a gnat he's trying to ignore.

His eyes latch onto mine, and he whispers something to his brother. It takes less than a second for Carter to maneuver his way through the crowd and appear by my side.

"Are you playing bouncer?" I almost laugh. "Does he want me gone?" It makes no sense. He's the one that summoned me here, and I'm positive it wasn't to witness Evilyn's latest dirty dancing moves.

"No."

I wrap my arms around Carter's waist before he can finish and start swaying to the music.

"I'm not doing this with you, Stevie." He slips my hands to my side. "He wants to see you."

"He can see me from there." I pull his hands onto my hips, and he gives a wry smile.

"Stevie." Carter closes his eyes a moment.

"What? He's with her. She's having his baby. Who am I to stand in their way?" It felt like treason just slipping from my lips.

"He wants to see you, alone."

"You can tell your boss I'm not going anywhere with him. If he wants to talk to me, he can talk to me right here. After all, I'm just another intern."

I glance over at Ford. We simply flew too high too fast. I think I finally get my mother's twisted poetry. It was never about falling upwards, the buoyancy of love. It was about the inevitable crash. After all, it's the fall-reentry that reduces you to cinder. That's when you really burn through gravity-when you're crashing back to reality.

"You're not just another intern, Stevie."

My eyes trace the floor until I'm staring at Evelyn once again and her hip-thrusting maneuvers. She has her mouth over his ear, her knee hiked up around his waist, and I lose it.

"Carter?" I pull him in hard by the back of his neck.

"Don't." There's a sadness in his eyes because he knows where this is headed.

"I know something very disturbing about my sister-something that's going to make you so insane you're going to want to drive over there right f**king now."

His eyes round out. His jaw clenches tight.

"What?" He barks it out so loud my body vibrates.

I swallow hard at the thought of serving up Aspen for my own selfish gain.

"If you want to find out, you'll have to kiss me first." I crash my lips to his and engage in a long, riotously angry kiss. We keep our mouths sealed shut, but my head moves in a slow meandering rhythm as if I'm enjoying the hell out of it. A roar comes from behind and then a series of shouts and screams. The noise and chaos of bodies filtering toward the door almost makes me smile.

"You bitch!" I hear Evilyn's voice clear as crystal as a wave of negative energy swishes by with the breeze.

Carter struggles to disengage, but I hold on tight as if my life depended on it. Kissing Carter is just another drop in the long stream of lies I've been propagating. In the end I'm no better than Evelyn with the exception that the baby in my uterus was real.

Ford plucks Carter off in one aggressive swoop and shoves him to the exit.

"Watch the door." He growls as his brother seals us inside. It takes a moment for me to realize there's no one left in the room but us.

"Hey, Superman." I roll my hips to the music, dizzy and out of my mind from the harsh reality my life has become. "Looks like it's just you and me." I glide my body up and down his. "Is that how you like it? I was taking notes."

Ford grips me by the arms, with a budding smile on his lips. He backs me toward the wall with his eyes on fire as he bears into me. Ford crashes his lips to mine, and we explode like a powder keg-combustible and dangerous. These are deep-throated kisses, aggressive assaults that assure me, far more than words, that he still wants this, that he still wants us. I jump up and hitch my legs around his hips. Ford unbuckles his jeans and grazes me with his blooming affection. I give his tongue a playful bite, and he pulls back, his eyes drugged and glazed over for me.

"I'm going to punish you all night for that little stunt you pulled," he whispers in my ear as hot as it is wet.

"That's fine by me. I'm used to lying on my back 'til sunrise."

"Oh, sweetie"-he growls out a laugh-"you won't be on your back-you'll be on all fours."

"Will there be leashes involved?"

"Only this one." He twists his hand through the back of my hair and tugs my head just a notch.

"Sounds like fun will be had by all." I cinch a smile.

"It will." He gives my hair a stronger yank. "Mostly." Ford releases my hair and tightens his grip around my waist. "How dare you kiss my brother." There's a hint of whiskey in his warm breath and I moan into him, inebriated by his simple touch.

"How dare you have a baby with another woman." I raise a brow because both statements are essentially a lie. That was no kiss I shared with Carter, it was simply a flare I shot through the ceiling to see if I could get the man I worship to notice me.

His chest bounces with a quiet laugh as if he heard.

"I love you, Stevie Eaton. I promise, you belong to me." His eyes pour all of their heartache, all of their expectations into me, and I let a moment thump by without returning the favor. Instead, I cover his mouth with mine and drill my tongue over his like a corkscrew. I do want to say those words to Ford. I do want to tell him that he belongs to me and not that twisted scorpion he's ensnared himself with. But I don't want to give my I love you away until he knows exactly who I am. I want to say it the right way. I've done so many things backward. I've memorized every trail of misery this relationship could possibly have-and I've taken us down each of those thorny paths whether he knows it or not. I'm so over the lies.

After all, his lie cost me a few sleepless nights.

My lie will cost him everything.

Ford pulls my dress up over my hips, moves my panties to the side, and thrusts himself into me. I sink over his body like a spear that I've longed to settle my existence on. I feel the burn, take in his roving snake like kisses that explore every corner of my mouth all at once and groan.

My mother had it wrong. Not all men are liars. Sometimes it's the woman in question who's beset with deception. Come Monday, I'll be free of all of the chains I've fettered myself with. And, for the first time in my life, I'm terrified because I just might be severing what's left of Ford and me in the process. But when it comes down to it, I'm doing it for him-for us.

Ford thrashes me over his body harder and faster. He bites down on my earlobe and whispers, "Come."

And every last part of me obeys.

Ford

The clouds roll out like tongues of fire against the backdrop of the black Pacific. A full moon illuminates the night as a strangled chill slaps over our bare skin. We stop twice before making it to the beach house-making love on the side of the highway like a couple of teenagers, all tongues and teeth, her sharp fingernails scratching the hell out of my back.

The beach house is dark just the way I like it, secluded from the rest of the population, far away from Breakers and Jinx. We park in haste, and I carry Stevie over the threshold like a bride, shutting the door with my foot before pressing her hard against the wall until her legs fold around my waist. Her panties have long since disappeared, and she's open wide, wet and ready for me like she's been all night.

"Am I hurting you?" I whisper as I graze my teeth over her ear.

"Body or soul?" Her lips curve up in a coy smile. Things got rough on the side of the road earlier. "No to both."

"Well then, I'm not doing my job." I plunge inside her, burying myself deep until the tip of my dick feels hot and numb just the way I like it. "I think I'm all done playing nice." I pinch her bare bottom a little harder than I mean to. "I think it's time I taught you a lesson."

"A lesson?" She belts out a perfect laugh that I can listen to all night.

"You hurt me." I bite her bottom lip and slowly pull out. "Try not to do that again."

"But my reward is so much fun." She twirls her fingers through my hair and gives a mean tug. Stevie tucks her nose to mine. A fire races through her eyes. "You. Hurt. Me."

"I know." The words expel from me with a sigh. "Since I've had you, Stevie, I haven't been with anyone else. I swear on my father's grave, I don't want anyone else. These are the only lips I want." I touch my mouth to hers. "This is the body I desire." I rub my bare stomach over hers before thrusting deeper inside her. "This"-I knot my fingers in her hair and lower her lips to mine-"you, Lo." I give a crooked grin. "You were made for me. And I know how that sounds."

"Arrogant?"

"Assured," I counter.

"It's arrogant, but I like it." Stevie plunges her tongue into my mouth and spins it like a drill the way she did on that beach so long ago, and my balls ache because I want her so bad.

"Hold on, little girl," I pant in her ear. "I'm about to get arrogant on a whole new level." I dig my fingers into her waist and thrash her over my body like I'm trying to inflict a punishment on myself but it's nothing but pleasure. This, right here, is the moment I've craved-that I've died a little on the inside for because I wasn't sure it would happen again.

"Ford," it grunts out of her, stiff, as the pictures along the wall rattle in time with my thrusts.

"It's Superman to you, sweetheart." I run my tongue up her cheek.

A laugh gurgles from her. "It's Lo, to you." She huffs it out, jagged, with a squeal between each word. God, I love that squeal.

The walls thunder, the room erupts with the sound of our grunting, her happy indiscernible noises. Her panting rivals mine. I reach down and rub my thumb over her just as I'm about to release.

"Right now, Lo." I breathe the words into her ear, and the beach house lights up with the echo of our moans.

I hold her like that for an entire loop around infinity. There is no place I'd rather be. Stevie and I have fused our existence together, and, from this moment forward, we will never sever that cord.

We stumble our way to the bathroom, then to the bed where I hold her as the moon cools the room with a flood of white light.

"You tired?" I nip her ear with my lips.

"A little." She twists into me until we're both on one elbow examining each other in this proximity for the first time in weeks. "Tell me a bedtime story."

"You want a happy ending?" My hand glides over her perfect ass because, God knows, I'd be honored to gift her another happy ending.

"No." Her finger falls to my lips. "I want a tragedy. I want the truth about you and Evilyn."

My chest expands as I blow out a breath over the top of her head.

"If that's what you want." I run my fingers through her hair and trace a line down her shoulder to her hip. "We met sophomore year at Rigby."

She makes a face. "Never did like that place."

"She was determined to make me hers so much so that she ran off any other girls who dared to get near me. She was, in effect, my girlfriend by de facto." I groan because I'm about to throw it all out there. "There was a time I thought I cared deeply about her, but that quickly changed. She wasn't the person I thought she was. Her heart was cold as ice. I saw the way she treated people, the way she treated me and I wasn't up for more. Her grandfather died senior year-a year before winter vacation, that's when I wanted to break things off with her, but I couldn't once she was already suffering. We droned on past graduation and then well through the summer."

"Is that when we met at Shipwrecks?"

A smile bounces on my lips. "You were the following summer. By winter she was pleading for a ring. Most of her friends were engaged, and Evelyn didn't want to miss out on the fun. She took me ring shopping, and, before I knew it, I was the proud owner of a rather large rock. I still hadn't landed a steady job, and, in my incessant desire to get away from Evelyn, I immersed myself in coding. I spent hours, weeks, locked up with Carter and Jener. We hustled more than we thought we could, and, eventually, I had them both working for me. I built Jinx, the end."

She shakes her head. "I want a messy ending, one that details the rest of your rather tragic relationship with the barracuda."

"Barracuda." My chest pumps with a laugh. The smile fades from my lips because I happen to be having a child with the predator in question.

"Oh, I'm sorry." Stevie lowers her lashes artfully, and my dick perks a little. "I'll try to be more respectful to the mother of your unborn child." There's a thread of sarcasm in her voice, and I can't blame her.

"Don't. I'd rather you be honest than polite." I touch my finger to her brow. "This isn't the first child I've had with Evelyn." I can feel her take a breath and forget to release it. "We married-the baby didn't make it, and neither did we. Losing the baby was the tragedy, that's all. By Christmas of that year, she was relentless, and we were together again-expecting yet another child. She lost the second baby a few weeks later. She wanted the marriage to work-and God I tried but we argued nonstop. It was brutal and a relief when it was finally over. Evelyn and I were never meant to be."

"God, Ford, I'm so sorry. I'm very sorry about your baby-both of them." She tries to pull back, but I hold on, tight as a vice. "But you kept sleeping with her?" The hurt is written all over her face, and it guts me.

I can't tell if she's disappointed or questioning my motives, probably both.

"I was stupid. And I slept with a lot of people. At some point she simply faded into the crowd. It was nothing but a sea of faces in my bed. I was looking for something-trying to fill a hole in my heart that I refused to believe existed. But I was empty, Stevie. All those nights that my bed was full, my heart was black and lonely."

"Now there's a tragedy I can sink my teeth into." She takes a liberal bite out of my neck, and I give a hard groan.

"One more thing." I slip my hand between her thighs and keep it there. "That summer at Shipwrecks, when I pulled you from the water-you kissed me."

"It was the least I could do." She crushes her tits to my chest. "And here I am all these years later trying to thank you." She reaches down and cradles my balls like holding blown glass.

"Afterwards, after you named the horse-Tink"-I press a kiss over her forehead-"thank you by the way for sparing that poor animal of ever hearing the words London Fog. After that kiss you gave me, Evelyn and I had our requisite argument for the day." I shake my head at the memory. "Oddly enough, I used you to prove my point. I told her a thirteen-year-old had more passion in her kiss than she did. Despite her actions, I never felt Evelyn was all that into me. I was just another thing she acquired like a new purse, or a pair of designer shoes. I was an accessory to keep on her arm. She only wanted me for one reason and that was to keep her in couture clothes and Louboutin shoes. But I knew I wanted something more, oddly enough I wanted something more for the both of us."

"She still seems very smitten with you." Stevie turns just enough for the moon to light up her face in the shape of a teardrop.

"She became very smitten with me once I made my money. I'm more of a lucrative investment at this point. I'm pretty sure this baby was a trap."

"It was." She assures. "Ford?" She falls back on the pillow, and her hair spills around her like dark wings. "Do you believe me when I say that first night we were together, I had no idea who you were?"

I give a dark laugh. "My ego refuted the idea for the first few hours. I thought maybe you were playing games, but, yes, I believe you didn't know who I was, and when we met up in the boardroom two weeks later, it became clear as my favorite vodka."

"That day in the boardroom was rather shocking." She pulls my hand over her stomach the way Evelyn does, and, for a moment, I pretend as if I'm feeling our child.

"No more half-truths, no more deception. No more kissing my brother." I sink my lips over hers, and she moans straight into my mouth. "Get on all fours."

"Are you going to punish me properly?"

My lips twitch, but I won't give the smile. "I am, but I won't leave a mark."

"Some girls like a good marking. My sister can attest to this." Stevie does as she's told, and the moonlight licks down her back right down to her heart-shaped ass. Stevie has the perfect body, that explains why I salivate each time I see her walking down the hall.

"I'd rather not think about anybody's sister." I give her a quick slap over the thigh. "Widen your stance."

Stevie stretches out over the bed, slow like a cat yawning to life. I reach down and cup her breast in my hand before feathering my fingers over her stomach, right down to that tender part of her, and she jumps in my hand.

"Hang on tight, Lo-this is going to be a bumpy ride."

"Don't be afraid to utilize your super strength." She tosses her hair onto her back, and I wrap my hand in it like a leash. "Make it hurt, Superman," she purrs it out just this side of a laugh.

"It's you and me, Stevie, remember that. You belong to me."

She looks back. Her amber eyes shine red like fire in a stream of moonlight.

"Say it," I plead because a sick part of me needs to hear it.

"I belong to you, Ford." Her eyes cut into mine. Her lips curl just enough for me to know I belong to her. Stevie is in control of this relationship, always has been. It's me that's been going along for the ride this whole time, and, as bumpy as it's been, I'm falling for her deeper with each passing minute.

The next morning we raid the fridge, happy to find that someone-probably Carson-has actually replenished the supply, and most items are only mildly expired. We make eggs side-by-side with me in my boxers and Stevie in my dress shirt from last night, not one stitch else.

"I like the irony of the two of us back here at the beach house," I say as the bacon starts to sizzle.

"Irony?" She sniffs the bacon and gives a happy moan. "I won't eat that, by the way."

"The package said no nitrates." I give her lips a gentle peck. "It also said it's organic grain-fed beef."

"Beef bacon, huh? Sounds perfect. You should really consider a career in sales." She takes in another lungful of the fat and salt mingling in the air. "I will so eat that."

"Good. And, yes, irony-we started out that first night with me not telling you who I was. It felt like a guillotine hanging over my head for the next two weeks. And, now you know everything about me including my past with Evilyn." I wink. You have to love Stevie's sensibility when it comes to people. She pegged Evelyn right. "And now I feel clean. No more secrets." I ride my arms up and down her back. "Plus you've figured out my true identity as Superman. I only share that with those I'm closest to."

Her chest vibrates over mine with a quiet laugh. "Thank you. I like that you have no more secrets." She lowers her forest of lashes. "What if I had secrets?" She runs her fingers through my hair and gives me a quick kiss. Her eyes moisten with tears as if this was all hitting too close to home. "Would you still love me?"

"I couldn't stop loving you if I tried, Stevie. And, believe me, when you gave me the finger at the club last night I tried." I shake my head at the absurdity. "I didn't. I can't stay away."

"When did I give you the finger?" She laughs, open-mouthed. I love seeing Stevie happy-just knowing I put that smile on her face makes me feel lighter than air.

"When you kissed my brother."

"Oh, that." She averts her eyes. "You could hardly blame me. He's a great kisser."

"Take it back." I bounce my fingers under her arms and give a quick squeeze.

She lets out a scream and jumps out of my arms with her elbows plastered to her sides.

"Don't you dare. I hate to be tickled."

I take a threatening step forward, a smile tugs on my lips, but I refuse to give it.

"Take it back or I'm coming after you hard." I wiggle my fingers.

"Never!" She shrieks with laughter and dashes behind the bar. "Carter is a master with those lips!"

"Oh-it's on." I make a move, and she bolts in the opposite direction.

Stevie runs in a zigzag pattern all over the house. I could have caught her twice, but I enjoy watching her shirt ride up as that perfect ass taunts me.

"Carter's kisses rule!" She ducks behind the couch, and I jump onto the cushions snatching her up and pulling her on top of me. I give a gentle smack to her bare bottom.

"Whose kisses rule?" I hook my gaze into her hers as her eyes glow auburn.

"I don't really remember." She presses her lips together. "Why don't you refresh my memory, and I'll tell you what I think."

I dig my fingers into the back of her wild, dark mane.

"You are a gorgeous creature, Stephanie Eaton." Her lips press white before returning to their natural crimson state. "How did I ever get so lucky?" There's an ache in my chest when I say it. Most things in my life that are too good to be true usually are, but for some reason she's too good, and she's still here with me.

"I don't believe in luck, Ford."

"You can't deny that something brought us together twice in one lifetime."

"What do you think that was?"

"I think God needed another great love story."

"Divine intervention-great love. I like how you think. Now kiss me, and maybe you can knock your brother off his pedestal."

I do just that. Our mouths move over one another hot and wild with deep saturating kisses that spell out sex far more than the act of copulating ever could. We make love with our tongues-explore each others soul's with these blessed-by-God kisses.

The smoke alarm goes off, and we finish making breakfast. We take our plates out onto the porch and watch the waves crash over the shore for hours, talking about everything and nothing. She curls up in my arms, and we fall asleep until the afternoon sun blazes in our eyes.

We make love the rest of the weekend.

This is too good.

But it's true.

11

Supernova

Stevie

Jinx shines on this crystalline morning. Last night's rain washed the city anew, and now you can see all the way downtown where the high-rises glitter like the Emerald City of Oz-my father being the wizard of course. My heart pumps wild as Bella and I walk from the car to Evelyn's office. It wasn't Evilyn or anything she was remotely capable of that has me rattled like a coffin full of bones, it's what I'm about to do to myself later this afternoon-outing my true identity to Ford. He said he could never stop loving me. He loved every square inch of my body this past weekend, mapping me out like a skilled cartographer, but it didn't change the fact I'm about to face the firing squad. Really I have no one else to blame for this mess but me. I found an electric chair and voluntarily strapped myself in.

Evilyn is in prime bitch mode this morning. She's been denied access to her obsession for three straight days and her bloated frame, those puffy eyes concede to the fact she's spent the weekend crying, most likely diving into a carton of Ben and Jerry's as is her God given right-after all, a major rejection is just around the corner.

Bella sets down Evilyn's cup of morning Joe and backs away slowly to avoid the hammer.

"Have a good weekend, did you?" Her dark eyes flit to mine, sharp as needles.

"Excellent. And you?" I'm not afraid of her-never was. Maybe after I tell Ford about my father, I'll fill him in on the real reason Evilyn has reacquainted herself with the freshman fifteen. She's been popping donuts like vitamins just to propagate the work of fiction brewing in her belly, and, unfortunately for her, I'm feeling liberal with the truth.

"I had an interesting weekend myself." She glowers into me as if I should have a clue to what threat she might be wielding.

Had she seen that I've secretly been signing her thank you notes from the Ice Princess?

"Did you get some quality one-on-one time with your favorite dildo?" I don't move or breathe, but every cell in my body rejoices at the dig.

Bella gives an audible gasp.

"You know"-I continue with a flame dancing on my tongue-"the one you nicknamed Ford? Oh, wait, you like to keep things formal-I bet you've named it Crawford."

"Holy shit." Bella inhales so sharp it sounds like she's having an asthma attack.

Evelyn's affect falls flat. Her walls crumble like a ten-day-old Danish, and she closes her eyes-refueling for round two.

"You win." She tosses her hands in the air, her face dons a despondent look like a mask. "I guess he's just not that interested in me. He chose you. I've been crying in my pillow for three days straight, and I'm over it." She flattens her hands against the desk with her fingers fanning out like an arsenal of weapons.

I don't believe this is over for a minute.

"I'm seeing him at lunch." She touches her stomach with a look of longing in her eyes. "I should probably say something so the two of you can move on."

Holy hell. Is this really happening? She nods as if she heard. Evelyn is anticipating my every move, my every thought. I'd bet all of my father's money that she's ten steps ahead of me.

The day progresses with Evilyn actually sharing her box of powdered donuts with us. I don't dare touch them because even though she herself is noshing freely, I'm still convinced they're laced with arsenic. She and Bella talk all things Rigby while Evilyn regales us with her time as the captain of the swim team. Bella is eating it up like gold-dusted bread crumbs delivered straight from Evilyn's hand, but I'm weary to take the bait. I'm weary to wander too far off the I-can't-trust-Evilyn beaten path. Instead, I psychoanalyze every word. After all, she's been known to have lies shooting out of her mouth like water from a fire hose. Why should today be any different?

"I had a swimmer's body back then." She concludes, giving her thighs a hard slap. "Won every damn race, too." She picks her teeth clean with her fingernail. Her eyes flick to mine. "You have to want to win. In a race like that, everyone is good. Everybody in that pool is primed in top condition. Do you want to know why I won each and every race?"

Bella pauses mid-bite. "Because you were ripped?" She mumbles through a mouthful.

God, it's as if Bella is ripped, drunk off the outburst of calorie-laden affection Evilyn is trying to drown us with.

Evilyn doesn't twitch. Her eyes stay trained on mine.

"It's because I wanted it more." She leans in, squinting out the threat. Here she is. The bitch is back. She couldn't hide for long. "Nobody wanted to win like I did. I was hungrier than anyone else in that water."

It's clear Evelyn is still hungry, and I'm not talking donuts. I wonder how many dirty tactics she might have resorted to back in her chlorinated heyday.

Evilyn taps her bright garnet-colored nails against the desk as if to rouse me from my stupor, and I lose myself in that familiar color.

"The both of you"-she barks-"back to work."

"Dragon's blood-red," I whisper, still fixed on her nails with a catatonic stare.

"What did you say?" Evilyn bares her fangs.

"Your nails. I was thinking of getting my nails done that color last week and went with pink instead." I hold up a hand to substantiate the lie. The truth is, that very color jolted me back to the reality this day holds-me revealing who I really am at Shipwrecks where it all began.

Evilyn cracks her face just enough to imitate a smile.

She stares at her nails then at me a moment too long before excusing herself to get a cup of coffee.

"Well, there's your first red flag." Bella reclines in her seat. "She never gets her own coffee. And she hasn't touched the one I brought her this morning. Do you think she's really going to tell Crawford the truth?"

"I think she's too hungry to tell him anything that might jeopardize their relationship." I smirk. "And, knowing Evilyn, she's already strategizing how to make this work for her in the end."

Nope. Her affection for Crawford Cannon isn't going down without a fight. The fact she has to throw punches to keep him should be her first tipoff that his heart isn't in it. But, then, she isn't worried about where his heart is-it's her heart she really cares about.

The Evil One is gone for a solid blissful hour. When she gets back, she sends Bella and me out for a quick break while she and Pepper go over the revamping of Jeneration Jinx. I'm not sure a lot was accomplished due the fact when we return Pepper has already vanished, and Evilyn stands at the window like she's contemplating a leap. I wish.

"It's noon," I say. She mentioned she was seeing him for lunch. Just the idea that Ford is carving out his time for her makes me want to hurl. My stomach has been in knots all morning even before she volunteered to give him up. But then my appetite hasn't been the same for weeks now. I think all this bullshit is finally starting to wear on me. Plus the tiny detail of me revealing my true identity to Ford later this afternoon has my every last nerve raw and exposed. I suppose that's the real reason my stomach is twisting like an L.A. freeway.

Evilyn spins on her heels. Her eyes are bright, her mouth shellacked a dark shade of crimson. She looks enlivened by what's about to take place.

"It's time." She cinches her coat around her body. "I want you to be there."

"What?"

"I want the two of us to head to his office together, and I want you to witness what I'm about to say-that way you can see it all unfold firsthand."

I glace at Bella who gives a furtive nod.

What more can I ask for than front row seats to the show of the century? Whether or not I like it, Ford will be heartbroken-first over the fact he's essentially lost another child and, second, because someone he once trusted-someone he was once married to-had stooped so low to deceive him.

"Of course, I'll go."

"Good." Evilyn snatches her purse off the desk and walks out the door.

I give Bella a quick wave.

"If I'm not back in an hour send a search party." I'm only half kidding. Thankfully, Ford's office is just one flight up.

Evilyn and I make our way to the elevator where an entire herd of interns clog the entry. Pepper shouts something to her crew, and Evilyn growls with frustration before heading for the stairs.

"So you're really going to do this?" I ask as we enter the quiet hush of the stairwell.

"No, you are going to do this." Evilyn jabs a squared off acrylic nail into my chest. "You're the reason Crawford and I aren't together. I was so close to getting him back, and out you came from thin air. You're like a demon trying to steal away all the good things in my life." Her speech is pressured. "I will have Crawford in the end." Her eyes bulge. "Let this day to be a lesson to you. Nobody messes with Evelyn Prescott, you dirty little bitch."

"You and your fake baby can go to hell." I turn to leave, and she yanks me back by the elbow so hard we topple down the first step. "Let go! You can fake all the pregnancies you want-he still would never choose you!"

A hard blow lands across my face as she offers an open palmed slap.

A throng of footsteps head in this direction.

"Don't hurt me!" She screams and hurls herself down the steps in time for a group of goggled-eyed interns to spot her.

"Evelyn!" Pepper screams and fights her way through the crowd to tend to her friend.

Evelyn's body lies twisted. Her hand glides over her stomach as she writhes in pain.

"My baby!" Her voice echoes all the way up the cloistered chamber. A bloom of crimson liquid explodes from between her thighs, and the entire population witnessing the event lets out a collective groan.

"I didn't do this." I shake my head in disbelief.

"She pushed me!" Evelyn cries over and over like a chorus. She starts in on a wail that pierces through my eardrums, rupturing right through to my sanity.

How could I have ever trusted her?

I glance down at the red stain between her legs.

And what the f**k is going on?

Ford

Carter and Carson have me trapped in the office a little longer than expected. We've been running numbers since the ass crack of dawn trying to figure out just what the hell is happening. The average trading volume is starting to spike, so much so that our own personal wolf of Wall Street, Cash has picked up the redline.

"It's out of deviation." Cash booms from the speaker. It's our third conference call today, and, if anything, that alone should set off all sorts of red flags. "Look, I expect cycles of change based on the metrics of industry, price, volume, general bullshit moves like the Jeneration Jinx debacle-but the standard deviation is way out of the f**king norm."

Carson pumps out a dull laugh. "After the last quarterly report, the value of the stock decreased, and, sure enough, the vultures came out looking for a bite."

"It doesn't make sense"-Carter rakes his fingers through his hair-"we're not undervalued. Who the f**k is eating us alive for sport?"

A million thoughts race through my mind. "We took a dive because the Jeneration app was stolen from beneath us. The public knew we were about to deliver something big, and when we backtracked and didn't have anything to unveil, they lost faith." Like I'm losing faith right about now. "Get our damn legal team on the phone and start a f**king infringement lawsuit against the ass**les who took it." I jab a finger at Carson. "I told you the day it happened, we needed to acquire the software and reverse engineer it to see if there's a patent infringement."

My phone beeps, cutting off Cash midsentence.

I glance down. It's a text from Pepper.

Evelyn doesn't want me to notify you, but she's at the birthing center. I'll be taking her home in a few minutes. Just a heads up, you might want to meet us there. Please don't tell her I sent this!

"Shit." I jump out of my seat.

Stevie bursts through the door with my secretary hot on her trail.

"Ford!" Stevie dives into the room, trying to swim past my secretary, Jessa, who's doubling as security.

"I tried to stop her!" Jessa wails. She's so afraid she'll lose her job because of the mishap she's shaking. Little does she know, if the day keeps going how it is, we'll all be out of a job.

I snatch my phone off the desk and hang up on Cash without explanation.

"I need to go," I whisper to my brothers, and Stevie follows me out the door. I pull her into the darkened corridor just behind my office and dig my fingers into her waist. I press my lips over her head so hard I'm afraid I'm going to crack her skull.

"Ford, we have to talk." She rattles me as if trying to bring me to attention.

"I can't. There's an emergency." My eyes oscillate to each of hers. I soak in every last detail of this beautiful woman in my arms. I want to say screw everything and make love to her right here, forgetting about the grief that might be waiting for me. I want to tell her that I'd rather be with her than chasing Evelyn down. That I'm not choosing Evelyn-I'm simply going to see if everything is all right when, deep in my gut, I know it's not. Instead, I sand her lips with a simple kiss before bolting down the hall. "I'll call you in a few hours."

"Ford!" She screams my name so loud, it rings out in my mind all the way to Evelyn's.

Evelyn lives in West L.A. in one of the few high-rise apartments this urban sprawl of a city has to offer. The doorman gives a solemn nod as I head right up. I give a brisk knock before walking in. It's unlocked. That's not like Evelyn.

"Who's there?" She calls from the living room. Her voice is hoarse, and it scares the shit out of me.

Evelyn and Pepper look up as soon I enter. Evelyn is sprawled out on her sectional lying over a small stack of blankets. She has her jacket on, shoes off, but it's what's between her legs that stops me short from saying anything, from moving one inch deeper into the apartment. A dark crimson stain spreads over the inside of her thighs.

"She lost it," Pepper whispers.

Tears stream down Evelyn's face. Her eyes are nothing but two red welts.

"What happened?" My legs somehow find the strength to head in her direction. I take a few more mechanical steps before kneeling beside her as if genuflecting in an act of worship. Here she is the mother of my child, of my children, bloodied and broken, my baby already in God's arms. "I can't bear it." My voice croaks out as if it belonged to someone else. "I'd do anything for this not to be true."

"I'd better go." Pepper leans in and offers a firm embrace. "I'll call you." She lifts a finger in Evelyn's direction before clicking her heels all the way out the door.

Evelyn shakes her head, despondent, with nothing but empty doll eyes staring out at me.

"I'm so incredibly sad," she warbles. Tears pour like rain, drenching her cheeks all at once.

I lean in and give her a comforting embrace, and she loses it. She breaks out into a full throttle cry, a wail like that of a child, and my own tears come, fast and furious. As much as I don't want a lifetime of Evelyn, I wanted that baby and the ones that came before it.

She chokes on her tears and gasps for air.

"Did they catch her?"

I pull back. "Catch the baby? It was girl?" I lost a daughter.

"No." She slaps my chest. "Stephanie."

I retract from her like pulling out of a fire just hearing Stevie's name.

That frightened expression as I left her this afternoon blinks through my mind.

"What about her?"

Her eyes reduce to slits. "Your little Stevie pushed me down the stairs!" Her pink eyes bulge as she screams it in my face. "You chose her over me, and now we both have to pay." She breaks down, slapping at her blood-soaked thighs.

"Who pushed you?" A thousand scenarios run through my mind. They share an office. Maybe Evelyn tripped over Stevie's foot, or her purse-but she said stairs. "Where did she push you?"

"The stairwell." Her chest heaves as she hiccups out the words. "Pepper was there with about thirteen interns, and each one of them witnessed the event." She stresses that last part as if it were the point entirely.

My hands fly to my scalp, and I grab onto my hair. "Fuck, f**k, f**k!"

I should never have waited so long to assure Stevie she was all I wanted, that she was all I see. Instead, I let her foster her hatred for Evelyn. I let her worry about whether or not I loved her until it brewed into a perfect ball of rage.

"Did you piss her off?" I say it low almost apologetic, after all, it's a simple explanation for what just happened. Stevie would never intentionally set out to hurt the mother of my child.

"No, I swear it." Evelyn's eyes grow wide. "I don't know what happened between the two of you this weekend"-she wipes the tears away with the back of her hand-"but she came into work this morning agitated and screaming at me."

"Screaming?"

"It felt like she was screaming. She said you were all hers-that she had you in the bag. That me and our precious baby were no longer welcome in your life."

I wince. I know for a fact Stevie would never say those things.

"You don't believe me?" She juts her head out. "She practically spat in my face, she got so close." Evelyn rolls up her sleeve and shows me a long red mark that stretches wrist to elbow. "She grabbed me by the arm and practically shoved me against my desk."

"I thought you said you fell down the stairs?"

"I did. That was after she assaulted me in the office. And I know what you're thinking, you'll just ask her buddy-but I'm telling you, they're both in on it."

"If she was hurting you, what were you doing in the stairwell with her?"

"She was after me, so I took my purse and left. I tried to take the elevator, but Pepper and her interns were there so I took the stairs." Her eyes settle over mine cold, sharp as knives. "That little slut followed me right in, and as soon as that door closed, she read me and the baby the riot act. She slapped me. She told me I would never have you and then pushed me down the stairs." She bursts into tears. "It was terrible. She's a monster. You have to get rid of her. Make her go away." Her voice escalates in a never-ending wail. "She said you didn't want the baby-that you made love to her for three days straight. She said I was the only thing that stood in the way of your happiness."

I squeeze my eyes shut tight hoping to open them and have it be three days ago, me alone with Stevie.

Evelyn just shook my head like a snow globe, and I can't think straight.

"Stevie couldn't have said all those things. You said there was screaming. You're probably just confused."

Her face blanches out. Her eyes fill with tears that never fall.

"Get out." It comes from her in a ghostly whisper.

"Evelyn-"

"You don't believe me." She blinks with surprise. "It's true then. You've never wanted me or our children." She touches her barren abdomen and shakes her head. "Go to her, Crawford. You know you want to." Her lips swell like balloons as the tears fall steady. "I'll grieve our child alone."

I pull her in and hold her like that for a long time while her tears fall over my shoulder. There's no way Stevie intended for this to happen. Evelyn has to be overreacting. She's hormonal. Stevie would never say those things-although thinking them is another story.

When I left the office, Stevie wanted to talk. She looked pained-guilty.

A horrible ache settles in my chest. And I can't help feeling like I led Stevie to the brink of insanity. I should have come totally clean regarding Evelyn and me. There was one more part to the story I never did tell-didn't think it was needed.

But I think it's time I spilled the rest of this tragedy right to the bitter end.

Bitter end is exactly what it's shaping up to be.

By the time I leave Evelyn's, it's well past one in the morning. I pull my phone out in the car and stare at it in disbelief. There are over fifty brand new text messages split between my brothers-an equal mix of company bullshit and condolences for the baby. I push a heavy breath through my lungs as I fire up the engine. It's time to get to Stevie.

I wait until I'm parked across the street from Rigby to text her that I'm coming up. She doesn't respond, so I head up anyway.

The night is steely gray with a lavender circle around the moon, and I'm cold as shit as I cinch my jacket over my body. I give a gentle knock to her door and wait.

"Ford?" I hear my name from inside and wave at the peephole.

The window illuminates a bright orange as the door opens with caution.

"It's so late." Stevie grinds a fist into her eye.

"I needed to see you." I step inside and wrap my arms around her tight. "Did I wake you?" She has a T-shirt on, and her hair is messy. I used to think women with morning hair looked psychotic, and when they woke up next to me, I'd fear for my balls, but on Stevie it looks sexy as hell.

"No, I can't sleep or eat lately. And when I am awake, I feel pretty shitty. I'm just miserable all around these days."

I glance behind her and note the other bed is empty.

"Where's your roomie?"

"With Jener." She flexes a crooked grin that slides off as quick as it came. "But that's top secret. If a higher-up at Jinx finds out, she'll lose her internship." She makes a face before turning off the lights. My hands glide down to her waist as I walk us slowly to the bed. I lie down next to her and feel as if I'm home. My face falls into the peaceful river of her hair for a moment.

"Well, I'm with you, and that's how it's going to stay." I press a kiss to her temple as we lie down side by side. "We'd better not let any higher-ups in on that."

Her chest rumbles with the idea of a laugh before she pulls back and rakes her gaze over me in the shadows.

"There's something else I wanted to tell you," I whisper. "It's about Evelyn." I hate that I have to bring her up again. I don't want her here, floating between Stevie and me like a phantom.

"She turns into a werewolf at night? I've long suspected this. Have the locals been warned?"

"You're cute." I tuck a kiss just under her ear. "Actually, it was something that happened after we lost the second baby. We tried to keep it together, but, about six months after that, I suggested we call it quits. She just lost it. She threatened to end her life if I left. She said she'd leave a note, blaming the whole thing on me."

"Oh, God. That's terrible."

"It was. She ended up in a locked psychiatric unit on and off for a year, and I ended up not filing for divorce until almost four years after that. We weren't together or anything. In fact, we had both moved on, but she just couldn't pull the trigger. Finally, I went ahead and filed. I didn't want to feel like I was cheating on her each time I went out with someone new. And when the divorce was finalized, she seemed fine with it. She was already working at Jinx, and she just stayed on."

"She doesn't want to let you go." Her voice grows quiet.

"She can't hold onto me." I tighten my grip over Stevie. "I'm already gone."

"What happened this afternoon?" Stevie's eyes glitter up with tears. "Did she tell you the truth, or are you still swimming in her lies?"

"She said you screamed at her all morning-that you pushed her down a stairwell."

"Okay-so she lied." She closes her eyes.

"I need to hear your version."

"My version? Try the truth. That woman is a liar. She's despicable, a trickster, a master manipulator. Is her father Satan? Because the spoiled apple doesn't fall far from the demonic family tree."

"Hey"-I gently rub my hand up over her back to calm her-"it's okay. You don't have to like her." A hot pang settles right over my heart. Stevie is all wound up just like Evelyn suggested. "We lost the baby."

Her eyes widen. "Ford." She shakes her head with tears brimming in her eyes. "What I'm about to tell you is going to sound insane, but I really want you to listen to me. Evelyn was never pregnant with your baby. She's been playing the part all these weeks just to hang onto you a little tighter one last time." A single tear streams down her face like molten silver.

My gut burns just hearing those words.

"Stevie." I kiss her lips as if trying to pull her back from the brink. "She was pregnant, and today she lost the baby."

"Did you ever go to the doctor's with her and hear the heartbeat?"

"No, but she bled all over her clothes. It was bad, Stevie. There was evidence that you or I can't deny."

She shakes her head. Her entire body trembles, and I try to soothe her.

"It wasn't real. Whatever happened today had nothing to do with a baby." Her voice rises with agitation. "She's sick, Ford."

"Stevie, she showed me a pregnancy test that day in the office. It was positive." Now I'm the one shaking and afraid. "I swear to you, Stevie. I know you feel like I was abandoning you for Evelyn, that I wasn't paying enough attention-"

She pulls away and scoots to the edge of the bed. "Is that what you think this is about? Poor little crazy Stevie got lost in a jealous rage and pushed the woman carrying your child down the stairs? You're the one who's insane, Ford." She flops onto the pillow and pinches her eyes closed. Her chest bucks, and she starts in with a cry and ends with a quiet laugh.

"She won." She shakes her head. "She said she was hungrier, and she won."

"She didn't win." I try to pull her back, but she holds a hand against my chest as a buffer.

"There are some people in this world that will do anything to get what they want." She bears into me hard, pressing in as if I should read between the lines. "Evelyn is a master at what she does. She wants you. This isn't over, Ford. It's not over by a long shot."

"She's not coming for me because there's nothing here she can take. Stevie, just tell me once more, and I'll believe you. Did you push Evelyn down the stairs?"

"I've already answered your question." The tears fall fat and slow. "The tragedy here is that you didn't believe me the first time."

"She said there were witnesses." I shift my gaze to the curve of her hip.

"You can go now." Stevie rolls off the bed and opens the door.

I get up and reluctantly make my way in the direction of the cool night air.

"I'll get to the bottom of this." I try to brush the hair from her eyes, and she backs away.

"You go ahead and get to the bottom of this." Her eyes narrow in on mine with a palpable hatred. "It's nice to know you have such little faith in me. I'm not Evelyn. I'm not the one trying to build a relationship off lies." Her cheek rises on one side. "Or maybe I am. But then, you tried to do that, too, didn't you? Just remember, I learned from the master." She shoves me into the night. "Have a nice life." Her whole chest heaves with a sigh as she seals the door behind me.

My phone goes off. It's a text from Carson.

It's done, big bro. Jinx is finished.

12

Tender is the Night

Stevie

That night I dream of long winding hallways that stretch out endlessly, Claire runs through them carefree and laughing while I try to catch her. Wait for me! I cry, but she runs faster, her laughter igniting my torment.

Can you hear me? Her voice echoes through the haunted halls we're spinning in.

Yes! I choke out the word. For so long I've waited for Claire, my sweet sister, to return to me, and, now, she's right here. Please, stop. Come back to me! I can't breathe without you. I'm so tired of living this lie. I can't hold up the weight of your body anymore.

My sister stops. She turns to me with a look of incredible sorrow.

You made a promise. She holds a hand out to me. You want to tell him the truth, don't you?

I try to move, but my feet have rooted to the floor. I stretch my body to hers as her fingers brush up against mine, and it feels magical. For one sparse moment it feels as if I'm living again.

I want to tell him everything. My entire body swims from the simple dusting of our fingers. I want to tell him I love him.

A pained look crosses her illuminated features.

Tell him everything-tell him you love him, no matter what happens. And, with that, she disappears.

I let out an anguished cry and wake up sweating, alone in my bed.

A pressured knock explodes over the door.

I bolt up with my head throbbing as if I left it back on the pillow. I wince, staring out of the peephole, bleary eyed and crankier than usual.

It's Lincoln and Kinsley. She has a garment bag draped over her shoulder. Her sunglasses hang low on her nose.

I open the door, and a whoosh of crisp morning air knifes its way into the room.

"What's going on?" I cinch my sweatshirt across my chest. "Is it Dad? Is he okay?" My adrenaline skyrockets, and it's evident I won't be needing my morning coffee to kick start the day.

"It is Dad." Lincoln helps me take a seat on the bed as he and my sister ensconce me on either side. "He's done something very special for you."

Kinsley pulls a strand of hair from my face. "It looks like you've chosen sides." She gives a sly smile. "Well played, baby sis."

"What are you talking about?" My heart pumps fast like a fist punching its way up my throat.

"Congratulations"-Lincoln holds out a hand, and I clasp his fingers just barely-"you've successfully handed Jinx to the Lionheart empire." His long comma-like dimples invert. "And guess who's the new CEO?"

I swallow down the baseball forming in my throat.

"Who's that?" My voice cracks because I already know.

"Chin up, girl." Kinsley sings the words. "You own that shithole and everyone in it. There's not another thing Crawford Cannon can do to break your heart. He's history, and so is his precious little company."

Dear God.

I forget to breathe.

He thinks I killed his baby and now this.

Crawford Cannon will hate me for the rest of his life.

"I didn't say anything to Daddy," I whisper. It seems so childlike calling him that now. Here I am, a grown woman, who, by the way, wasn't even raised by the bastard and- That conversation comes back to me. The day I visited him in his office crashes over me like a brick house of lies. "Oh, my God." The room tilts, and I lean hard into Kinsley. In all of the madness of the past few days, I forgot to call off my father and his hellhounds from stealing Ford's lunch-his livelihood.

I slump between the two of them.

"I did this." I bury my face in Kinsley's soft pullover. "Now what?" I mumble into her chest.

"Now"-Lincoln pulls me back until I look at him-"we go in as a team and introduce ourselves to the board. I've called a meeting. They don't know who the hell we are. Our investor name is Alchemy."

"A play on Merlin." A dull smile comes and goes on my face.

"You'll go in later this morning and introduce yourself, full name, no bullshit," he continues. "I want you to pull off all the blinders. This is where we knee him in the balls. By this afternoon, every one of them will know who we are and where we come from. This is the no-bullshit league, and you're in charge."

"We've got two hours to prepare, baby sis." Kinsley pulls the garment bag from behind her. "Hop in the shower. I've picked something out that screams power bitch just as loud as it does Prada."

Lincoln gives me a gentle shove off the bed, and I wobble on my feet.

"Move it, sis." He gives that shit-eating grin. "It's show time."

The sky above Southern California is lead gray, lifeless as my heart. Aspen came over, and Lincoln trained us all in what we would say. They were the kinds of words you would expect from a firm that just participated in a hostile takeover-false niceties, hollow promises, and, not to be forgotten, the assurance that nothing at all will change, things will only get better. Little does Lincoln know, I don't really have it in my heart to be nice to anyone this morning. I'm pretty sure the rest of this day, this year is going to suck all the way around, so I let all of the false promises Lincoln continues to list, swirl down the drain. I know that he's written a great script and that I'll have him and my sisters to get me through the official first board meeting, but, in reality, the only thing I'm going into that building as is the knife that's about to gut Crawford Cannon.

"You're doing this for Daddy," Kinsley purrs as she scoops up my hand with her icy fingers.

"You're doing this for you," Aspen asserts.

The truth is I'm just doing this. It's just happening. I can't undo the fact my father stole Jinx-that he made me CEO. That I gave him the okay to rip the heart out of the only man I've ever loved, and here we are-me the new owner. I said take it, and he did. But the real reason I gave the go ahead to set the wheels in motion was because they already were. I knew it was just a test that day in my father's office. He was going to take Jinx with or without my permission. I had evidence of that in the way he swiped Gravity, the way he hijacked the Jeneration app. Jinx was a sitting duck, and his vengeance against Crawford was all in the name of Lana Rule, whoever that is. I wasn't going to change anything in that respect. So I did the only thing I could-join him. I'll do anything I can to return control of Jinx into Ford's hands. It's the least I could do. After all, my deception was far worse than his could ever be, in fact, I'm probably right up there with Evelyn. Evil Stevie. Sadly it has a ring to it.

The campus is barren today. Gone are the bikini-clad volleyball players kicking up sand and serving up smiles. The tented weight room, the outdoor Pilates class have all been canceled. Jinx has become a ghost town overnight.

We step into the building as a united front. The coffee shop is open, and a few stragglers sit staring despondently into their laptops. We head into the open mouth of the elevator, and the doors close with a pronounced finality. It ingests us just as my father devoured this company. Here it is, my moment. I'll have to draw upon my father's granite-like strength, my mother's mad brilliance just to push myself through the next hour or so. My knees beg to buckle. I feel lightheaded enough to pass out, but I need to do this for Ford-for me.

We get out and head into the boardroom-the hive is buzzing. Anxiety fills the air. My father had set the hornet's nest on fire, and here they all are, displaced, searching for answers, looking for a new queen. People offer consoling hugs in the hall. The entire company seems crammed into the boardroom, tight as sardines. Every last one of them came out in number to witness the event.

Ford and his brothers stand in a huddle near the front of the impossibly long table. I remember walking in and seeing him the first day of my internship and how horribly deceived I felt-how angry I was. I wonder what he'll be feeling in just a few minutes? Most likely regret. I tried to warn him that I was trouble. Ironic since I didn't know then how much trouble I would be.

Carter and Carson flank him on either side, and there's yet another doppelganger on his left, same dark hair, same broad shoulders, and I don't need a roadmap to tell me that's Cash. I've worn his clothes, stayed at his beach house-I would've liked to have met him under different circumstances.

Evelyn tips her chin up at me as she stands in alignment with her Crawford. That satisfied smirk on her face says it all. It says I was hungrier than you-he's still mine.

"Attention everyone." Lincoln calls out, and bodies fall hard in their seats.

Ford gives a bleak smile my way. He thinks I'm here for the meeting, nothing more.

"I'll do this." I lead my brother and sister to the head of the table, opposite where Ford and his brothers stand.

Ford catches my gaze, and I hold it, precious as a newborn. Here it is, the final moment of who we thought we were.

"My name is Stephanie Eaton Lionheart"-I don't take my gaze off Ford as his eyes round out in horror-"and I am the new owner of Jinx Enterprises."

The room stops up with a heartbeat of silence, only to be replaced with gasps sharp enough to cut through steel.

I'm still trained on his beautiful face, on those beautiful eyes that make the Pacific Ocean look cheap in comparison. His mouth falls open. His skin bleaches out. Ford leans back as if he's just had the wind knocked out of him. But we don't break our gaze, just soak in the trauma, the destruction he thinks I've caused on such a grand scale. And all I can wonder is if we'll ever push through this.

"My brother and sisters stand united with you." I swallow hard, trying to convince him that I mean it. "We see great potential in Jinx Enterprises."

"You mean Alchemy Enterprises," someone shouts from the corner. "Alchemy-magic, it might as well be Merlin!"

Magic? Those texts I saw of Evelyn's come to mind. She was making deals with someone named Magic. I'd bet my left tit it was Evelyn who sold out Gravity and the Jeneration app to my father.

"The name stays." I never take my eyes off Ford. "I have no intention of tearing down this company."

The muscles in his jaw clench because technically I just did.

"That's because there's nothing left to tear down." Jener snaps, and my face floods with heat. Here it comes, the shouting, the stoning of the Lionheart name as a whole.

"I won't take up too much of your time. I'll make a few brief introductions, lay down our terms, and the rest is up to you." I glance away from Ford, but I can still feel him bearing down on me with his stare, his shock quickly replaced with hatred. My body lights up like a flame from his searing gaze. "To my right is my brother, Lincoln Lionheart. He'll be working alongside of the chief financial officer. This is my sister Kinsley, she'll work in coordination with human resources to make sure the transition happens as smooth as possible." Even that was a generous title, but she was happy to help in any way. "This is my sister, Aspen." I nod to Carter who hasn't taken his eyes off her once. "She'll be replacing the creative director."

Evelyn snaps her neck back. "You can't boot me out. I helped build this place from the ground up!"

The words she said to me when I started here come crashing back, and I'm quick to remind her of their unique cruelty.

"Sometimes the greatest fault in life is believing you're worth something." I let a slow spreading smile take over as I pour all of my hatred into her. I glance around at their matching shocked faces, and a pinch of grief wafts through me. "I'm keeping the rest of the company intact-the beehive stays. Profit sharing begins today for those that choose to remain in their current positions." A small round of cheers break out, and I glance to Ford as he takes it in. It must feel like mutiny to hear their glee. "Jener, I'd like you to develop a program that ensures the safety and wellbeing of any students that choose to intern at Jinx. I want a safe place for students to come in case they feel they're being abused in any manner." I look to Carter. Of all the people here, he's the least shaken. On some level, he must have suspected it. "Carter please consider staying on. I'll need someone to guide me, to aid me in not only making the transition as smooth as possible but to continue with the success of the company." I don't have the balls to ask Ford. Him I'll talk to in private if he doesn't push me out the window first. I look across at him and meet up with his hard gaze. Nope. I don't have the nerve to ask him a thing. "That's all for now. Please send an email to human resources if you plan to stay on. If we don't hear from you by Monday, your positions will be immediately replaced. I look forward to working with each of you."

The room explodes with people talking over one another. Bodies slowly drain into the hall as Carter makes a beeline for Aspen.

She grabs ahold of my hand. "What should I say?" She digs her fingernails into the flesh of my hand.

"Tell him anything you like." I watch as they head out of the boardroom together, and my heart breaks. They belong together. I glance over at Ford as Evelyn rails into him. And Jinx belongs with Ford.

Lincoln leans in and garners my attention. "We'll meet you downstairs. I'm taking Kinsley to HR to get the ball rolling."

The room empties out, and soon it's just Evelyn, Ford and me-an unholy trinity, a trifecta of heartache at every turn.

"Well, you lying little bitch." Evelyn stalks her way over. "I knew you were capable of breaking Crawford's heart, but I never saw this bloodbath coming."

"The only one that lost their job was you. That hardly qualifies as a bloodbath-more of an internal cleanse."

She slaps me so hard and fast, my head snaps, my ears ring in time with the sting.

"I'll catch you later, Crawford." She says with her wicked gaze still fixed on mine. "I suppose there are words to be exchanged between the two of you. Make them hurt like hell." Evelyn whisks out of the room, slamming the door behind her.

Ford doesn't move. His hands are buried in his pockets, his eyes full of misery and pain. He looks as if his balls were just repossessed, and they were. He has every right to feel miserable-every right to hate me.

I walk over to him, and he loosens, taking a few steps in my direction. The sadness, the grief-coated disappointment oozes from his every pore.

There are a lot of things I can say to him right now. A lot of things I'd love to explain, to whitewash, to make right in this upside down universe I've landed us in, but there are only three words that demand to come out.

I take a bold step into him until the heat from his body warms mine and bear hard into his ocean-eyes right through to the deepest end. And the words bubble out like they've wanted to since that first night at the beach house.

"I love you."

Ford

I love you. Her words echo through me as I try to take them in. Stevie-Stephanie Eaton Lionheart has had many opportunities to share that sweet sentiment, and of all the random moments she chose this one.

I'm numb.

I take in her beautiful face, those warm honey eyes, that mouth I long to cover with mine, and I can't breathe. Here I am, eaten alive in every sense by the woman who stole my heart. It wasn't Hans Lionheart I had to fear after all, it was his daughter-Stevie.

My thoughts race a million miles an hour, each one a shooting star evaporating to smoke before I can comprehend it. My heart does its best to kick its way out and shake her down for answers. I'm so flooded with emotion for this girl, so taken, so f**king infuriated, so desperately in love I've never felt so ripped apart.

I open my mouth to say something, and she lands a cool finger over my lips.

"I didn't push Evelyn down those stairs." Her eyes water as she burns her gaze into me. "She stacked lies to the throne of God trying to keep you-and the biggest was that baby. The pregnancy test you saw? It was mine."

My chest explodes with heat.

"I lost our baby, Ford. But you were already so wrapped up in another one-I didn't want to go there."

"Stevie-"

She holds up a hand.

"I am the CEO of your company, but I promise you it was because I knew my father would take it from you, with or without my permission. This is the only way I could think to save it for you. That's why I'm here, standing in front of you-because I love you, Ford. I fell in love with you that first night at Shipwrecks." Her voice breaks.

Every part of me wants to believe her, but I've been thrown into a den of darkness, and I can't remember to breathe let alone articulate the right words to speak.

Her finger slips down my chest before falling to her side. Her eyes fill with tears. Her perfect lips tremble as she waits for my response.

I pull her into my arms a moment and kiss the top of her head before taking a step back.

"Don't let them see you cry." I walk out of the boardroom and head for my office one last time.

Evelyn pounces on me as soon as I enter the stairwell.

"Shouldn't you be home resting?" I try to keep my voice in check. I want to shake her until she tells me the truth. I want someone for shit's sake to tell me the truth right this f**king minute.

"I'm more than fine," she chirps, and I can't help but notice the slight uptick of elation in her voice.

I pick up my pace, and Evelyn doesn't so much as whimper, staying shoulder to shoulder with me the entire time.

"So what are we going to do?" She's hardly winded after climbing up a flight and racing down the hall.

"I'm going to sit and think." I open the door to the office and block the entrance with my body. "You're going to head downstairs and pack your things. I'll talk to you later." I shut the door and lock it without thinking twice.

"Shit!" I kick the wastebasket, and a cloud of trash blooms across the room like confetti. I stare at the bullshit debris covering my office and shake my head at how carefree I was just yesterday when I still believed I'd own this place forever.

I sink down in my leather seat and wonder who'll be in it in a week. Stevie? One of her siblings? Her father, maybe? For him I'd come back with a shotgun.

I swipe all the crap off my desk, and my monitor wakes from its slumber. I've got the security system on, and every public room in the building blinks to life in rotation. The cafe, the boardroom with Stevie standing there speaking with Carter-fucking traitor. I bet he knew. He had it hot for her sister. No wonder she offered him a bonus position right off the bat.

The beehive comes alive on the screen with a small army of downtrodden faces, the stairwell slips by. I slap my hand over the mouse and freeze it right there.

A dull rumble groans from my chest. When Lionheart ate Jeneration Jinx-and I had no doubt they owned Satellite Net-I had the security system beefed up to include every damn nook and cranny-and then I made the upgrade to audio.

An abrupt knock comes from the door, and my phone buzzes at the same time. It's a text from Carson.

It's me.

I head over and find all three of my brothers staring me in the face.

"Don't say a f**king word." I retreat back to my chair and start messing with the security system.

"You never listen to me anyway." Cash says as they line up behind me. "What the hell are you doing?"

"Stevie says she never pushed Evelyn."

Carson sits at the edge of my desk. "And you believe a word that comes out of that woman's mouth? I'm about to give you some damn valuable advice, big bro, and if you're as wise as you think you are you'll take it. If it flies, floats, or f**ks-rent it. Stay the hell out of commitments because this is where they get you-royally screwed. That woman is a liar."

"If she is, we're about to find out." Carter flanks me on the other side and points to the monitor where the audio button is.

I input the date of the incident, hit stairwell, 3rd floor, and fast-forward. A few nameless faces traipse up and down the stairs. At 10:50 Evelyn and Pepper make an appearance. I turn the volume all the way up.

"I'll get her to the stairwell," Evelyn doesn't bother to whisper.

"What if she hurts the baby?" Pepper looks horrified as they make they decent.

"Nothing can possibly happen to this baby," Evelyn assures.

I fast forward.

"You could follow them down, listen to the rest of the conversation," Carter points out.

"I want to see what happened with Stevie."

11:58 Evelyn walks up alone with a black bag in her hand, the picture of a white mask imprinted on the front, and the letters CM above it.

12:15 Stevie and Evelyn appear, and I turn the volume up so loud the static eats through the room.

"So you're really going to do this?" Stevie's voice rings out dense enough to touch.

My stomach cinches. Come on, Evelyn, say something that will either incriminate you or send me to hell because I know I can't find the shutoff valve for loving Stevie.

Evelyn shoves her hand against Stevie's chest. "No, you're going to do this. You're the reason Crawford and I aren't together. I was so close to getting him back and out you came from thin air. You're like a demon trying to steal away all the good things in my life. I will have Crawford in the end. I want this day to be a lesson to you," Evelyn continues. "Nobody messes with Evelyn Prescott, you dirty little bitch."

"You and your fake baby can go to hell." Stevie barks it out before trying to head into the building, but Evelyn pulls her back, and they topple down the first step. "Let go! You can fake all the pregnancies you want-he still would never choose you!"

Evelyn delivers a quick slap to Stevie's face.

Here it is, the ball of retribution is in Stevie's lap, and I want to cover my eyes. The last thing I want to witness is her pushing Evelyn down the stairs, taking my baby's life. I liked Stevie's truths better. I'd fight all day for her to be right. I'd gift her my company a thousand times over just to have a child with Stevie-for Stevie's love to be real.

Interns clog the stairwell with Pepper at the helm.

Evelyn looks up at them and gives a wicked blink of a smile to Stevie before screaming, "Don't hurt me!" She bounces down the stairs, landing twisted at the bottom.

I hit rewind and don't take my eyes off Stevie's hands. One hand is steady by her side, the other on the railing.

"She didn't even touch her." Cash clasps my shoulder and gives me a squeeze.

"She didn't." I close my eyes for a moment as relief floods through me. I rewind it just enough and watch the incident unfold again. Evelyn lies at the base of the stairs screaming at the top of her lungs, her hand over her stomach.

"Evelyn!" Pepper makes her way through the crowd. I bet she had Pepper bring in her crew just to frame Stevie.

"My baby!" The words rattle from Evelyn like an inferno. Then something appears between her legs, a dark liquid staining her khakis. The security camera only records in black and white, but I know what it's supposed to be-blood.

"I didn't do this." Stevie cries, still standing at the top.

"She pushed me!" Evelyn chants over and over. It takes a few minutes, but Stevie disappears back into the building. The crowd grows, and Evelyn writhes in pain.

Carson shakes his head. "Maybe she thinks she was pushed. She did lose the baby. You could see the blood yourself."

I press my finger to my lips and cringe at the thought of this still being true.

I guess there's only one way to find out, but first I run a little Internet search and type in CM, mask, black bag-bingo.

I hop out of the chair and head for the door.

"Where are you going?" Carter appears beside me.

"I'm going to talk to Evelyn."

I jog down the stairs, the same stairs where Evelyn swears she lost our baby. I think of the baby we lost so long ago, the first one, and thoughts of burying him come fresh to the surface. How could Evelyn lie after the heartache we went through? Is she really that heartless?

Stevie floats in the back of my mind like a television I can't switch off. If I see her in the building again, I'll have to fight from holding her, from kissing her one last time.

The hive is all but empty as I speed down the hall. I pass the boardroom where my life changed forever today. The door is open. It's barren inside-gutted much like my soul. I give a gentle knock on Evelyn's door before walking in.

She's hunched over her desk, her hair pulled back in a ponytail as she packs her things. A giant shopping bag sits open, and two boxes lie just beyond that.

"Are you just going to stand there, or are you going to help?" She says without looking up.

"How'd you know it was me?" I ask, closing the door.

"I always know when you're around." She makes her way over and wraps her arms around my back. "We're going to get through this-just you and me, together. The way it was meant to be from the beginning, the two of us."

A stale breath expires from my lungs as I pull her hands down and return them to her sides.

"We're not meant to be, Evelyn. I'm sorry if I led you on." I stagger over to the sofa and take a seat. Evelyn comes and sits beside me.

"How did you get the blood to soak your pants on command?" I could have started anywhere, but I chose there.

"You ass**le." She slaps me hard, and I catch her wrist.

"I saw the security footage." I grit it through my teeth. "Stevie didn't push you."

"She was screaming at me! I was trying to get away. I must have lost my footing."

"What did you buy at Costume Mart between the hours of ten and eleven in the morning yesterday?" I stare at her with stock boredom. It's the exact kind of place they sell theater accessories-fake blood being one of them. Really, I should have sought out Stevie instead of trying to garner proof from this lying witch. I already have all the proof I need. A part of me wanted to give Evelyn a chance to pony up to all the bullshit she's put me through.

Her face bleeds out all color, and then I know. I know for a fact Stevie has been telling the truth all along.

"How many of our babies have been a lie? The second baby. Was that a lie, too? Tell me the truth, and I will not hate you. I know what you did was out of desperation." And because she's sick-but I'm not in the mood to verbalize it.

Evelyn's hands tremble. Her body shakes like she's having her own private earthquake. Her breathing becomes erratic like a woman undone. And there I have it. She's lied to me before. Evelyn didn't reach in the bag for a new trick. She simply resurrected one that was tried and true. If I didn't hold the first child, watch as they lowered his casket into the ground I might have doubted him, too.

"I guess that's my answer."

"Crawford"-she grabs a hold of my wrist before I can leave-"you are the only man I have ever and will ever love. When you said it was over, I had to find a way to hold on. You have to understand, I did it because I love you."

"It's not the first time I heard that today." Apparently the only women capable of loving me are predators waiting to devour me. Not that I mind Stevie devouring me. I would have gifted her Jinx with a shiny red bow if she asked for it.

"I would have eventually told you the truth." Evelyn digs her fingernails into my arm. "We could still have everything. I'll give you a whole army of children." She hangs onto my sleeve as I get up and head for the door.

"Don't call me," I say without regard to whether or not it's cold blooded after our mixed history. Right about now I don't give a f**k about her feelings. "And don't even think of trying to hurt Stevie."

"You're still defending her?" She flies across the room like a bat with its wings on fire and seals her body over the door.

"Out of my way." It's taking everything in me not to wrap my hands around her neck. As much as Stevie cost me, Evelyn has cost me precious time with Stevie, which, in the end, is everything.

"She'll never love you like I could. She'll never give you the kind of support, the attention I would have. She stole your company from beneath you! You'll look like a fool if you forgive her, and that's exactly what she and her twisted father want, to make a first class fool out of you. She hates you as much as her father does. He's controlling her like a puppet. She's the ultimate revenge against you and your hard-earned success. She's already cost you everything."

"You've cost me my sanity, Evelyn. You cost me two imaginary children"-I grip her by the shoulders and press her against the door-"both of whom I grieved! Because I have a heart, Evelyn, that's why I loved the children I thought we were bringing into this world. And because you don't, you manufactured them." I move her abruptly to the side and make my way out of there.

I race home, hardly aware of how I end up cockeyed in the driveway. I empty out the whiskey and sulk on the porch. Miles of avocado trees swing gently with the breeze as if trying to comfort me, as if saying you've still got us.

I sling the empty brown bottle over the porch and hear it crash onto the paver stones below. Jinx hops up in my lap, and I give him a quick rub behind the ears.

"She's gone, buddy. And she took every damn thing with her."

My phone vibrates, and I fish it out of my pocket. It's Stevie.

Meet me tonight at six. 1263 W. Shepherd St., Encino. Come hungry.

A quiet laugh bounces through me.

I'll always be hungry for Stevie. But right now she feels like another version of Evelyn that's made her way into my heart.

I should nip this in the bud and walk away from both of them forever. Losing Evelyn is a given-losing Stevie makes me want to chop off my own balls and live as a eunuch.

I stare down at the phone.

It's time to sober up in more ways than one.

13

Centripetal Force

Stevie

The olive tree that's planted dead center of my grandmother's front yard is dotted with its wrinkled, necrotic fruit. When Claire and I were little, my grandmother would bake the olives, and the house smelled of something sweet and fantastic-a scent that I've yet to encounter again. We ate warm olives by the pounds and spit the seeds at each other, laughing at our purple teeth.

My mother's car is parked out front, staunch and defiant as if to say nothing has changed. You're still mine to do with as I please. I make a face at the silver Toyota. It's the one material treasure she refused to surrender on her soul-searching journey. She was required to hand over all of her physical belongings to her boyfriend's cult before moving into the glorified teepee staked in his parent's backyard.

"Here we go." I walk up the porch and give the tree-lined street one last sweep. I knew when I invited Ford, the odds were slim to none. Evilyn most likely has her arms and legs coiled around him, tethering him like a vine of poison ivy. She did say she was the hungriest. If she used my own baby to steer him away from me, then she could certainly use the fact I plucked his company from his hand. That would be too easy, after all I did the grunt work for her and hardened his heart to stone.

My hand hedges just shy of the doorbell as a car speeds down the street. I spin around, full of hope, only to see a bright orange city bus whiz by.

Who am I kidding? Ford won't have dinner with me tonight or any other night. We're over. My I love you came far too late. It probably sounded a lot like I hate you. Under the circumstances I'm sure it did.

I give a gentle knock over the door as another car whirs down the street. Only this time the motor dies, and a few seconds later, a car alarm chirps.

The door swings open just as Ford materializes beside me. My chest fills with a mad rush of adrenaline, and I take in a breath at his physical beauty. Ford is a powerhouse in so many ways-his heart-stopping glory is one of the best. I take in his dark hair, those pale sky-eyes, and my heart soars straight through the stratosphere.

"You came," I whisper.

My grandmother opens the screen, never taking her eyes off Ford. "My, my-who is this?"

A croaking sound escapes my throat.

"I'm Ford." He squints a genuine grin and shakes her hand. "Stevie's friend from work."

"Stevie?" My mother's voice resonates from inside. Her smooth, dark hair is shorter than I remember. I haven't seen her in so long. Bangs are cut hard across her forehead. The back is cut so blunt, her head looks like a pyramid. Her lips are painted a bright red, and her pale face is powdered into submission like that of a kabuki doll. "My God, come here." She reels me in and wraps her arms around me, warm and loving, two things I've never felt from her before. Either absence really does make the heart grow fonder, or she's forgotten who I am entirely. I take in the scent of her hair, rosewater and fresh summer days. Her flesh is still soft and cool the way I remember.

We take our seats at the dining room table as my grandmother pulls out a pot roast large enough to feed a small village. A large salad doused with too much dressing and a platter of baked potatoes are laid out before us. I grimace when I spot the red meat, but for my grandmother I'd eat an acre of dead bovine carcasses. It's funny how there are some people in the world you would walk around the block for a thousand times and others you wouldn't even cross the street for.

My mother eyes me from the side as Ford answers a few bland questions that she lobs at the two of us. She's already fallen in love with him, I can tell. And who could blame her? He's everything in one solid package of testosterone. Only I could figure out how to masterfully ruin what we had. It takes a talent.

"So, Stevie"-my mother smears a smile that says it's coming, I've sharpened my blade, and I'm about to swing-"what brings you here this fine L.A. evening? Will there be a wedding soon?" Her eyes slit to Ford's like a threat as if marrying her daughter would be the highest offense, and, sadly, he might agree.

"No wedding." I give a nervous smile to Ford before straightening in my seat. "I paid a great price to be here tonight." My eyes fall over my grandmother with her short, neat bob, her cheeks highlighted a bright shade of pink as if she were permanently embarrassed. "Dad ate Ford's company this morning."

My grandmother gasps, but my mother laughs as if it were the most hilarious joke-lewd and crude to the bone just the way she likes it.

"He is a bastard." My mother flicks a finger in the air before taking another bite of her food. "He's always been one, Stevie. You just needed the scales to fall from your eyes, that's all."

The scales. I ponder this a moment. I think I've always known what my father- what my mother-is capable of. I think somewhere along the way I got caught in a tangle of wires that led to their hearts and fried on the spot-only I was too busy trying to hack my way into their affection to notice the charred scent. I was burned long ago, and there doesn't seem to be any way to recover.

"First, he stole a night club from him," I say it mostly for Ford's benefit, after all, that's what tonight is really about. "He copied it like a blueprint. Lincoln says he had nothing to do with it, neither did my sisters."

"Oh?" My mother crosses her arms, done with her meal and ready to enjoy the show. Her face lights up with a muted grin as if I were relaying the most delicious gossip. "Did you do it yourself, Stevie? You have a habit of doing things for strange reasons. I can see you ripping meaningful things from people's lives strictly for the amusement of it. You must be proud." She looks to Ford. "You might think she would do it for the attention, but she's a strange fish-always content to stir the pot and not take any of the credit. Her psychological makeup is very complex."

"I get that from you." My body spikes with heat. I should have known she'd slit my throat as soon as we sat down. I had all but handed her the knife. "And no"-I turn to Ford-"it wasn't me, and it wasn't my siblings," I continue. "Then someone stole precious software and claimed it as their own-Jeneration Jinx. Same thing, not one of us gave this information away."

"And the takeover?" My mother is playing along. She's facilitating, handing me the rope just before she kicks out the chair.

God, why did I come here?

"He was going to do it anyway." I can feel Ford stiffen beside me. "He asked if I approved, and so I gave him the go-ahead." I whisper that last part because, much to my mother's bold declaration, I am in no way proud.

My mother narrows her dark eyes and looks from me to Ford.

"Why are you sitting next to this woman?" Her voice is curt and firm.

I answer before he can. "Because I had his best interest at heart." I roll right over my mother's treason. "I love him, and I am the only one on the planet who can and will return to him what's rightfully his."

My mother's eyes narrow thin as razors. Her debatable efforts have just been bested.

"So, my darling"-she tilts into me, a dull smile tightens on her lips-"you finally see that people do things to protect the ones they love in the most deplorable ways."

And here she is, Claire. I wondered how long before my mother laid her corpse out on the table. She had my sister cremated before I could ever see my own body lifeless in a casket. It was me she was trying to spare. It was me she wanted to protect and as a thank you I baptized her with my sister's ashes.

"Yes," I whisper. "I do."

My grandmother tosses her hands in the air. "What does any of this have to do with tonight? What am I missing here?"

My mother bares the gap between her teeth like a trophy. "I'm wondering the same thing."

"My father didn't do any of this for me. He didn't open his heart in exchange for the keys to Ford's kingdom. He did it all for a woman named Lana Rule." As soon as her name leaves my lips, my mother turns pale and stiff as a pillar of salt.

I glance to Ford, and his eyes widen at the fact I've struck a nerve.

"Who is she?" I demand, but my mother doesn't answer. Her mouth falls open, and not a sound comes out.

She looks to Ford. "What's your last name?"

"Cannon." Ford doesn't miss a beat.

My mother closes her eyes.

"Shit," I seethe. "He said you'd have the answer. Who was she in relation to my father?"

Then it begins, the slow unearthing of my father's sordid love affairs.

"I almost had him," she hisses it out in a whisper. "I pulled him from Daphne, almost freed him from her clutches, and I would have, had she not come along."

"I remember." My grandmother lets out a groan. "She was always coming around-redhead with long, bony arms. But that wasn't her name." She holds a finger in the air. "It was an alias." She looks to Ford and gives a brief nod. "Her name was Alana Cannon."

"What?" Ford scoots his chair back abruptly as if he's about to bolt.

"Who is she?" I clasp at his sleeve. "Your aunt? Your sister?"

"My mother."

The room falls silent.

"You're Crawford." My mother's voice is parched and scratchy. She looks unnerved, so close to unhinging it frightens me.

"Tell us everything you know," I say to her. "You owe me-us-that much."

Turns out Crawford's mother and mine were hot over the same man, my father.

"She was separated from your stepfather," my mother's eyes are lit like lanterns-"and very much after the love of my life. Under no circumstances was I going to let that happen. My girls were newborns, they needed a father-they needed him."

"What happened to her?" Ford's voice is hard, unapologetically harsh.

"She left the country or so the story goes." My mother's expression dims. "Your stepfather remarried."

"Do you know where she might be?" Ford pinches his lips as if restraining himself. I'm sure he'd like to throttle the answer out of my mother right about now.

The muscles tighten around her eyes. She knows. Oh, God. I shake my head. She is guilty as sin. I want to say it, to shout it, but my lips press tight.

She shakes her head. "Hans blamed your stepfather for making her disappear. He vowed to destroy him."

"And instead he's turned his sights on me. The child of the woman he claimed to love." A wry smile breaks out over his face, and he closes his eyes a moment.

It doesn't make sense.

My heart breaks for Ford-for his mother for ever getting involved with my twisted family tree.

My mother starts in on clearing the dishes from the table, and my grandmother joins her.

"I made too much," Grandma complains. "I save all my yogurt containers. I'll fill them up with salad and potatoes for you. I'll pack the meat in an old pie tin. I never throw those things away. The two of you can have a romantic dinner tomorrow night. A picnic maybe."

They disappear in the kitchen, and Ford stands.

"I'd better go." His eyes latch over mine filled with sorrow for his mother, a bite of anguish for all we thought we were.

I walk him to the door. My mother managed to rinse the patina of greatness, off herself with one swipe of her tongue. She and Ford's mom were enemies. She hated her. She was glad she vanished from the face of the earth. Anybody could see that, including poor Ford.

"How about that picnic?" I bite down over my lip, so desperate for him to stay in my life. If he leaves, he'll take everything that's good in me out that door with him. I'll die without his love. I feel just as silly and desperate as my mother.

"A picnic." The word strums from him hollow as he loses himself in me.

Ford runs his fingers over my cheek. A great sadness encapsulates him, and I feel responsible for tying this unbearable millstone around his neck and throwing him into the abyss of my father's black heart.

"Will you be staying on at Jinx?"

A breath expires from him as he rocks back on his heels. He's got nothing to gain, nothing to lose. Why should he feel any different? I've already stolen it all from him.

"Take a few days." I train my eyes on his. "If you're in-meet me at Shipwrecks Sunday at noon. If not, I guess I'll be building sandcastles on my own from here on out."

He gives a brief nod. "Tell your family I said thank you for dinner." He drips his gaze over my features, hot as molten steel. "Goodnight, Stevie."

He walks out the door and takes my heart right along with him.

Mom comes back out with my grandmother trailing, a full paper bag in her hand.

"French bread." My grandmother plucks at a half-eaten loaf for me to see. "There's nothing more romantic."

My mother eyes the open door. "Mr. Right leave already?"

"He had somewhere to be."

"Somewhere that wasn't here." My mother pulls me to the sofa, and we three take a seat. "Remember this?" She plucks her glossy white book off the coffee table, Gravity Asunder. "A book of dark poetry." She reads it off the cover.

"Ah, the piece de resistance of your writing career."

"It was the only book in my writing career." She opens the massive cover and thumbs through the thick pages.

"'Burning Through Gravity'-that's Ford's favorite." I push my finger over it until she flattens the book onto her lap in observation.

"It should be. It has his mother's name in it."

I freeze as she runs her finger under the line, Who will be there to pick up the pieces when you're broken and alone, Lana? Clay and wire, molding you to my heart's desire.

God. "He used to worship your literary mind, and here you've disillusioned him."

"I'm used to that. Are you still disillusioned?"

I pull back and take her in. "What was that poem about?" I'm not ready to answer her question.

She glides her finger over the smooth page.

"It's about love-sweet, toxic love."

"Toxic," I parrot. That sounds about right.

"That's all it's ever been for me."

"So I take it life that in the Yurt isn't all it's cracked up to be."

"I moved out six months ago. I've got a condo in Redondo." She sings it like a chime. "You should come visit sometime."

"I'll go with you." My grandmother assures as she sets down tea for each of us.

"I'll take a rain check. But for now, I'm exhausted. I think I'll pass out if I don't get to bed soon."

They walk me to my car, and we exchange deep heartfelt hugs, first my grandmother.

"Don't be such a stranger." She slaps me on the ass so loud the sound cracks through the quiet neighborhood like a whip.

"Got it."

My mother comes in with a full embrace. She kisses my cheek before pressing her lips to my ear.

"Lana Rule was a dangerous woman. But then that's what your father preferred. Isn't it?" She pulls back and inspects me under a dull, fog-covered moon. "Do you remember my sculpture? The Rules of Love? That's where her heart truly lies."

A chill runs up my spine. I pull back with a breath fluttering in my throat like a butterfly that just lost its wings.

"No." I shake my head at what I think she might be implying.

"Go on." She pats me off into the street. "Get out of here. You have empires to run and men to eviscerate. You can conquer it all, Claire." She says it cool and loud into the night wind like a song.

Everything in me freezes. A star winks in the sky as if it were Stevie herself.

My grandmother nods and smiles.

They know.

They've always known.

Ford

The moon filters its beams through the trees like silver rain falling over the hood of my truck. I went home, changed into my sweats, saw that I was out of whiskey and decided to head to the grocery store. But I'm not in some liquor aisle. I'm parked across the street from Rigby, specifically across from student parking in front of Stevie's dorm. Somehow over the last twenty-four hours I've reduced myself from CEO of Jinx to unemployed stalker.

I flick the crystal globe hanging over my rear view mirror-smaller than a golf ball, a gift from Evelyn years ago. I reach up and snap it off the chain. It's time to strip Evelyn from my life, one layer at a time. At one point we thought we were in love. That's the funny thing about an emotion that ambiguous-you never really know you're wrong until the right one comes along.

A pair of headlights turn into the student parking lot, a metallic sky blue Cruiser, Stevie.

I hop out and linger by my truck, suddenly feeling like a loser for staking out her dorm. She gets halfway up to her building before I call her name.

She looks over and shields her eyes from the lamppost above.

"I thought it was a good night for a picnic," I shout over the vast expanse.

A smile breaks loose over that gorgeous face, and she runs-runs toward me. My entire body roars to life like a jet engine. I'm flying high with my arms open wide, ready and willing to greet her.

We meet halfway in the middle of the street as our bodies collide, and I spin her, pressing my lips to the top of her head.

"Ford!" She squeals in my arms.

"Stevie." I squeeze her tight, peppering her face with butter soft kisses. "I couldn't wait until Sunday. I couldn't wait another second to see you."

Tears stream down her face. "I have so much to tell you."

"And I want to hear it all, but first I want to say how sorry I am that we lost our baby."

Her lips tremble as she tries to hold in the pain.

"I would have welcomed that baby, Stevie. My heart breaks that we made something so beautiful and lost it." I bow to kiss her, and the sound of a car speeding in our direction has me scooping her up and moving the party to the sidewalk instead.

I glance up and note the idiot forgot to turn on their lights. The car picks up speed, dark as a shadow, and swerves in our direction. I jump as close to the retaining wall as possible, just as the car hops the curb and comes to a screeching halt in front of us.

Evelyn.

"Shit." I place Stevie down as Evelyn staggers out of the car. "What the f**k are you thinking? You're going to get arrested for this." I'll damn well make sure of it.

"I went to your house, but you weren't there." Her eyes are glazed over. She's wasted as shit. I can smell the vodka on her breath from three feet away. "I just wanted to give you some of your things, baby." Her ankle turns, and she rights herself by flailing her arms. "You know, old sweatshirts, the electric razor you kept at my place-your wedding ring."

Stevie flinches. Evelyn asked for my ring after the divorce, and I gladly gave it to her. She wanted to keep it as a memento, and I never understood why, but now that the blinders have been removed, I can see her obsessive behavior trails back decades.

"Keep them, burn them, throw them in the trash. Sell the ring for scrap metal, or flush it down the toilet. I really don't care." I pull Stevie in by the waist as Evelyn darts in front of us.

"Throw them in the trash like you threw me in the trash? Like you threw our future children in the trash?"

Stevie takes a step toward her. "The only trash around here is you, Evelyn." She glances at me. "Guess what? I figured out who sold Gravity-who sold the Jeneration app to my father." She jabs Evelyn in the chest, and I cringe. Stevie is getting too close to the fire, and I'm afraid she'll get burned. "You did."

"That's right." Evelyn blinks a smile. "Turns our your daddy pays more than top dollar for things he wants most. He didn't want you most, did he, Stevie?"

I pry the two of them apart and twist Evelyn's shirt with my fist.

Just when I didn't think Evelyn could surprise me, I'm stunned as shit.

"You sold Gravity-you sold the f**king app?" I give a hard blink because it feels like I've been blindsided, literally. "What the hell did you do that for?"

"Do you really need to ask? You were married to that damn company-that's why I did it! You left me for Jinx. You said it yourself."

"I wasn't f**king serious. Dammit, I left you because we were through. You and I were over, and we both knew it. That company was my life."

"Tell it to your girlfriend. She snaked the rest of it." She turns to Stevie, seething, electrified by her hatred. "If you hadn't stepped into the picture, I would be a very rich woman right now. Do you know what your father said to me when I asked if he wanted anything else? He said he already has it all. He said that he paid you in heartbreak for falling in love with the enemy."

Stevie's face pales out. She looks small and frail, and worst of all emptied of ever having the love she sought from her father.

"I don't believe you. My father would never say that." Stevie's chest expands. "Everything about you is wicked, Evelyn." She gives her a firm shove. "Do you know what I called you behind your back? Evilyn-because that's what you are-evil!"

"Hate me all you want, you stupid bitch, but you'll never have my husband." She wields something slick and silver. The light catches it, and my heart freezes.

"Evelyn!"

She widens her stance and grabs onto the pistol with both hands. I dive over her body just as a shot rings out, quivering its echo straight through the atmosphere.

I wrestle the gun from her just as she knees me in the balls.

A group of girls scream as a crowd rushes over.

"She's bleeding!" someone shouts.

I turn to find Stevie on the ground. Her hair splayed out in a growing pool of liquid.

Oh, God-please not Stevie.

I can lose everything else, but I can't lose her.

The rest of this miserable night is a blur-fire trucks, police officers, Evelyn in the back of a police car, Stevie in the back of an ambulance. They whisk her off to surgery, and somehow I get it together enough to call Carter and ask him to notify her family. Before I know it, my brothers are huddled with me in the waiting room. Stevie's brother and sisters sit across from us looking just as tortured as I feel. I try not to make eye contact with her brother-him I still want to beat the shit out of. Her mother and grandmother aren't here, and I can only assume this arm of the family doesn't know how or doesn't want to reach them. I'd take off and get them myself, but I'm too f**ked up to drive, to move. Instead, I pray for three solid hours that Stevie is fine, that she makes it, that I get to tell her I love her one more time. The bullet went into her left shoulder, right next to her heart. Evelyn may have been drunk as shit but her aim was on target, and now Stevie might have to pay the biggest price of all.

The doctor comes in, his mask still in place, a smattering of blood on his blue paper suit.

I stagger to my feet. "How is she?"

Her siblings flock over, but that doesn't deter the doctor.

"She's doing fine. It was minimal. Clean exit, missed her vital organs by millimeters. Someone was looking out for her."

I nod through tears. I'm so jacked up right now on a dozen different emotions, but the biggest of them is gratitude.

"Can we see her?"

"Just one of you for now."

I follow him through the double doors marked no unauthorized entry beyond this point. Not one of her siblings could stop me from seeing Stevie first. He leads me back to the recovery room, and I stop shy of her bed. Wires stream from her arms, from under her gown. A machine pumps and burps from behind with eerie yellow lights, and it frightens me because I can't help thinking if they unplug her she'll die.

"Stevie." My voice breaks as I lean in and lay a gentle kiss over her cheek. "Stevie, baby, wake up for me."

She gives a weak nod as if she can hear, and my spirit rockets. My entire body loosens with the relief.

Her eyes flutter as she struggles to open them.

"Am I okay?" She blinks around, and I gently turn her chin toward me.

"You're okay." I land a soft kiss on her lips. "Exit wound-nothing to worry about. You made it. I'm going to take you home after this and keep you safe. You're mine. You belong with me, and no one or nothing can take you away."

A soft laugh trembles through her.

"You're mine." She reaches over and laces our fingers together. "Are you up for working side-by-side with me?"

"I'm up for more than that. I'm up for living side-by-side with you." I kiss the tip of her finger. "Every day and night." I douse her hand with kisses.

The doctor comes in.

"Are you feeling better, Ms. Lionheart?"

My insides pinch when he calls her that. I'll have to rectify that one day. I'd much prefer Mrs. Cannon. She'd make the perfect one-the only one.

"Everything looks great." He glances over her chart. "I don't want you to worry about the baby. We made sure to use the most minimally invasive drugs. We ran your levels, and everything looks fine, but be sure to check in with your OBGYN as soon as possible."

Stevie looks to me, then to the doctor.

She shakes her head. "I lost my baby weeks ago."

"Oh?" He refers back to the chart. "That's not what the tests show. It's not unheard of for a woman to spot and assume she's lost the baby. It might have been twins. You could have lost one and reabsorbed it into your body. Spotting can happen for a variety of reasons."

Twins. Stevie's eyes widen at the thought.

"They couldn't find a heartbeat." She tries to sit up and winces.

"It looks to me you're not that far along. A few weeks ago it might have been hard to detect." He gives a brief nod before leaving us stunned as hell.

"I'm having a baby?" She huffs with surprise.

"We're having a baby." I hold her precious face in my hands and give her a lingering kiss.

We're having a baby. Stevie and I made our way back to the beginning with no filters, no lies, just two people who are madly, deeply, insanely in love. The ride has been short and wild, and I can't wait to see what the future brings.

Stevie starts to giggle, and I swallow down her laughter as if it were a tonic for my ailing soul-and it is.

"We're building something I've always wanted." She gives my lip a playful bite.

"A multibillion dollar company?"

"No, you smart ass." She gives me a weak swat with her good arm. "A family."

"That's sort of what it's felt like with you right from the beginning. Sometimes all you have to do is look at someone and know that you belong. That's how it was with you that first night. My gut is never wrong." I give a quick wink. "Plus, you looked damn good in those jeans."

"Watch it, I'm technically your boss."

"You can be in charge of the boardroom as long as I get the bedroom. I'll be your lackey as long as I get to teach you a lesson night after night."

A sexy smile flirts on her lips.

"Done. By the way, I like my coffee black no sugar."

"I only deliver coffee one way-hot, all over my body." I wince. "Sorry, I can't help it. You have me in every single way, and I'm damn glad about it."

Her grin widens into a big toothy smile.

"I love you, Superman."

"I love you, Lo."

Epilogue

Shooting Through the Sky

Stevie

Life has a way of chewing you up-spitting you out before you ever notice the sting. Or at least that's what I used to believe. Now, with Ford in my life, a baby on the way, I tend to see things through a heart-shaped lens. People like us used to make me sick-the happy couple that nuzzles every chance they get, the nonstop kisses, the sweet nothings that stream like sugar water into one another's ears. But here I am-we are-in a place where our heart's soar past the pale afternoon moon, past the stars, far past my old disillusioned self that drank bitterness like medicine after my sister left the planet. But I was alive and charged with the task of living for the both of us, and I hadn't really gotten around to doing that until I met Ford.

Evelyn procured a topnotch attorney that reduced her sentence to a psych treatment stay in lieu of prison. Her father's legal team howled pseudocyesis-phantom pregnancy, delusional madness until the judge cried uncle. She'll be out and free before summer. It seems like no one gets put away forever anymore, but I would have much preferred a decade in the pen than some Malibu day spa where she gets to regurgitate her feelings to a group of strangers.

That gunshot still echoes in the night. It echoes in my heart and makes me hold onto Ford a little bit tighter. Ford was a savior, a cure-still is. I feel salvation each time he pours his oven-hot kisses over me. I drink him down, become him. He becomes me, and, in a strange way, we feel like one.

As soon as news of the takeover leaked out, I was expelled from Rigby within hours. Ford and I confronted my father about a week after the fact. We stood in his office, and he poured us exotic tea shipped from the orient. He admitted to working with Evelyn, but he said she came to him willingly, and, of course, we believed him.

"Did you enjoy my party last summer?" He toasts Ford with his porcelain teacup, emasculating and mocking all at the same time.

"Yes. That's where I met your daughter." Ford doesn't blink.

"It was my hope." My father nods, and I die a little on the inside. Of course, he wanted this. I fell right into his trap. "Your mother, Stevie, wanted far more than I could ever give her. What better vengeance against her than to gift you to the son of the woman she loathed-the woman that I loved and hoped would be mine. With you two together, in a small way, Lana will be a part of my life forever."

And that was that, we left as baffled as we came. Somehow I fit into my father's puzzle of revenge. The person he truly wanted to punish was my mother for chasing away the only woman he ever cared for. And now he has a part of her through Ford and me, and our child.

Me with Ford, me stealing his company, I was the knife he sharpened for that very purpose. He wanted all the cash and prizes he could squeeze out of this endeavor. But in the end, my father gave Ford and me the best gift of all-each other.

Ford and I run Jinx side-by-side. I have the legal team restore his name as CEO but he insists we keep it joint. One night after being office-bound for way too long, Ford surprises me and takes me to my mother's latest art exhibit, Theresa Eaton at the MOCA, all her greatest pieces are there-The Rose, Dinner For Two-The Rules of Love. I sit and stare at that life-size sculpture that my sister and I once called the dripping woman and wonder to myself if an X-Ray scanner is necessary. I try to swallow down my macabre theories but they keep bubbling up, burning the back of my throat like bile. I'm not sure what good it will do to bring them to light, so I try to let them go like a batch of wild birds into the night. After all, those were my mother's dealings, her madness, her crimes. But the idea that my mother could do something so heinous lies over my spirit like a festering sore until I confess it all to Aspen. It's Aspen who assures me this is impossible. She goes as far to point out the exaggerated waist, the neck you could ring a bracelet over, the head no bigger than an infant's. She promised me a body could never be hidden in there. It couldn't be, and I'm relieved. My mother never so much as swatted a housefly. What she most likely did was write a poem about Lana Rule and call it Black Heart, carved it out of a necrotic piece of granite and buried it in the sculpture. That's how my mother prefers to slaughter her victims, through words. So I relaxed a bit at the MOCA. Just a bit.

Once we leave I confess it all to Ford, and he holds me tight under the awning as the rain washes clean my mother's false transgression. He affirms everything Aspen said and assures me my mother isn't a felon at heart.

My mother and Ford get along better than my mother and I could ever hope to. I'll never get his strange fascination with her. He gets her dark side. They share the horror of abandonment that etched itself over their hearts like a branding iron, him with his parents and her with my father. She writes more poetry and gives it to Ford to read. Their bond is real. I guess my mother doesn't have it in her to hate Lana's son, instead she embraces him as her own. I'm hoping Lana would have liked that.

Shipwrecks is the place my life almost ended twice. It's the place Ford and I scarred our love onto one another like fire over stone.

In January we take the horses for a ride along the shoreline. I ride Bell, Tinkerbell, the horse I had the privilege to name the day fate introduced us to one another for the very first time. The doctor says it's fine for me to ride for another month at least.

The sun sets in a brilliant shade of poppy, kissing the sky with a fiery passion.

"Blood-red sky," I say, cutting a mischievous look to Ford as we migrate down the beach.

"A wishing sky," he counters. His black hair takes on a hint of pink under the command of the crimson sun, and his eyes glint out like pale blue stones. Crawford Cannon is all man, one hundred percent sexy-as-hell, and I still can't believe he's all mine.

"Dragon's blood." I smile. "Did you ever think what would have happened if we never met up at the party that night? Do you think you would have looked twice at me if I were just an intern that showed up in the boardroom two weeks later?"

"I would have noticed you." He growls out a dark laugh. "Lo, I would have given you the company day one as long as I could've worshiped at your feet." He reaches over and tweaks my knee. "You're my Kryptonite. You know that. It was you for me from the beginning, and I think the universe helped do a little matchmaking."

"I think you're right. I wasn't supposed to have my internship with you. It was supposed to be at Merlin. I guess it was just a fluke." I know it was my father, but I'd like to think something-someone else had a hand in it, someone a hell of a lot purer than Hans Lionheart.

A shooting star jets across the ripe orange sky.

"Never seen that before." He draws in close and picks up my hand.

"That was Claire." I press my lips tight to keep the tears from falling even if they are happy tears. "The night Evelyn shot me"-I swallow down the softball lodging in my throat-"my sister finally came to me." It's true. We had our moment, and I had Evelyn of all people to thank for it. "We were in this strange water version of the sky. Everything was blurry with the exception of bright, beautiful Claire. I had a chance to touch her, to hold her. She said she'd always be with me. That she's been looking after me all along. She"-I take in a lungful of air because these next few words feel as if I'm holding a building up-"she said she was supposed to die. That it was simply her time. She said it had to do with how it would mold me, the things I would do for people, for myself in order to leave a mark on the world. She used the word necessary." I give a hard sniff as tears pour hot down my cheeks. "She also said she loves you, Ford, and that she loves the baby growing inside me. When that doctor came back and said what he did, I knew-I knew-my sister finally came to me. It was beautiful. She was beautiful, and she said she'll always be a part of our lives, looking out for us"-I lower my gaze to the sand before meeting up with his again-"that she would be looking out for our children."

"Stevie." Ford leans in and kisses my hand, lovingly and sweet.

"Did you make your wish?" I ask as he looks at me.

"All of my wishes already came true."

"You always know the right thing to say." I wrap the reins over my wrists three times. "You see that pier over there, Cannon?"

"The one I'm going to beat you to?" He gives a devilish grin.

"Last one in has to stare at the ceiling." I kick Tink, and she takes off like a gazelle in flight, smooth and straight as an arrow.

I can hear Ford galloping from behind as the sand ignites like a series of heartbeats-two hearts beating as one.

I close my eyes and soak it all in, let the rhythm thump through me, powerful as the sun. One heartbeat after another, our love drums through to the core of the earth, straight into the sky, shooting up, coming back down to earth, burning through gravity in a brilliant shower of sparks-the fire in our hearts impossible to extinguish.

Once we put the horses away, Ford carries me to the beach house, straight to the bedroom. He lands me gently on my feet and carefully peels the layers of clothes off my body, poignant as peeling away the past.

I strip him bare in less than five seconds, and the mad dance of our tongues ensues. Ford has always been the best kisser. He grips my hair from the nape of my neck and pulls me away from his mouth with force.

"It's your turn to stare at the ceiling." He says it lovingly almost like an apology. "I love that by the way," he says slipping me over the mattress like an offering. Ford climbs on top with nothing more than that dirty grin blooming on his lips. "I love holding you down, feeling you move beneath me. I like feeling your breath on my neck, how it increases in measure and lets me know exactly what you're feeling-what you need."

"There's not a breath in my body that can keep a secret from you-anymore." I wrinkle my nose. "Everything about me is laid bare to you." Almost.

"Everything about you is brilliant."

"Ditto."

My father, Evelyn, a majority of the beehive and their incessant protest of our union, they were nothing more than wild dogs barking. They could never hurt us, never get close. It was impossible to drag us away from each other.

Ford tracks his lips down the new curves of my body before planting a kiss square over my belly. I'm finally starting to show.

He glides back up and takes a bite out of my neck.

"I'm going to make love to you, Stevie."

I pull back with a dull moan lodged in my throat.

"There's something I've been meaning to tell you."

"Another secret?" His dark brow arches, and I fight the urge to kiss it.

"Last one." I tilt into him and surrender a quiet smile. "I swear on Stevie's watery grave."

"You mean Claire?" His eyes widen a notch before he squints in with the question.

"No. I mean Stevie. When we were little, my sister and I liked to switch places. Mostly we were each other, and, so, when Stevie was diagnosed, it was as Claire. I think our family and friends knew us more as each other than ourselves anyway." I trace his lips with my finger. "When she was dying, I wanted to switch back-to end this. But she made me promise to live for her. She begged me to do it. She said she'd carry my death if I let her live through me."

"Stevie," he pushes it out with an aching sorrow and shakes his head. "Do you still want me to call you that?"

"Yes, God, yes. I'm not going back on the promise I made to my sister. She's been 'Claire' for the last seven years." I nestle into him. "It turns out my mother and grandmother have been onto me this entire time. But it's just you three who know, and I want to keep it that way. Besides, it would sound strange if I were to be Claire again after all these years. I gave her my name, and she gave me hers. It was her final gift to me and mine to her. I'm Stevie, or Lo." I give a quick wink. "Take your pick."

The room fills with a heavy silence, too heavy to carry another moment so I have to ask.

"Are you angry with me?"

"Never." He bows a kiss to my lips. "I think it's beautiful what you've done for one another. I think you're beautiful, inside and out."

"Okay, enough with niceties. Fuck me already, would you?"

"Mouth like a sailor." He forces a frown to come and go. "That's how I like you, but I'm refusing you. No more f**king until after the baby is born-just making love, that's all it's going to be. I call the shots, remember?"

A giggle strums through me. "I remember. Love me hard, would you?"

"How about if I love you every which way. I'm going to love you all night, all morning and then straight into next week."

"We'll get fired."

"We own the company. I officially declare this loving-my-future-wife week."

"Is your future wife in the room?"

"I'm looking at her. I'm excitedly pressed against her thigh, so I guess that would be you."

"Are you asking me to marry you?" My chest quivers with my next breath.

"Not the most romantic proposal was it?"

"It was the best."

"Is that a yes?"

"It's a hell yes."

"Hell yes." He arches his head back. "She said hell yes!" he shouts so loud the windows rattle. I feel his voice reverberate right through to my bones.

"Cool it, Superman, you're going to wake the baby."

"Come here, Lo."

Ford lands his mouth over mine and blesses me with a tender kiss at first, then with a violent ferocity that feels as if we're about to rocket through space-as if it was our last kiss on earth as we burned through the sky.

My father wanted to breed hatred through me, but I found love. My mother wanted me to embrace her anger, but through her own words, Ford and I were galvanized.

We're lovers, dreamers, schemers, best friends, soon-to-be parents, but mostly we're still just Stevie and Ford, two souls that spent their wishes under a blood-red sky.

Ford makes love to me like it's an art-like he's rescuing my body from its dormant state and startling it to life in the best way possible. Ford makes love to me with his words, with each breath, with the way he looks at me over eggs at breakfast.

We found home and family-and they both came in the flesh of one another.

We soared, burned through gravity, and landed safely on the descent.

Not even a force of nature could disintegrate our love. Ford and I are two horses in flight, galloping down the white-hot sand, our story laid out one heartbeat at a time.

Life is happening, for Claire and for me, and, together, we live every day to the fullest.

On a rainy Monday, Ford and I get to work early and find a box of glazed donuts on our shared desk. Two Slim Jims sit next to it.

"New craving?" Ford wraps his arms around me from behind and presses a gentle kiss into my neck, but I'm too stunned to move.

"Did you do this?" I ask soft as angel feathers.

"Nope. And I wouldn't eat them at the same time if I were you. I don't want to imagine what it might taste like."

Claire.

"I bet it tastes like heaven." I spin into him and graze my lips over his.

"I'm already in heaven." Ford covers my mouth with a kiss, and his tongue mingles softly over mine.

A little piece of heaven is sitting on my desk. It's right here in my mouth by way of Ford and his kisses. It's in my belly as evidence of the love that Ford and I made that first time at the beach house.

Our heart's thump over one another as if to say heaven is everywhere that love is.

And it is.

