PROLOGUE

Amy

"AX?" I KNOCKED on his bedroom window and waited.

Nothing.

Fear gave into panic as I knocked harder the second time. The sound of glass breaking in the house behind me made my palms sweat. I could still hear my parents fighting. It was always the same with them; my father wanted to be more than just an associate. A made man, that was his dream. To become a made man for the De Lange family. One of the worst families in the American mafia. They didn't play by the rules anymore and my dad wanted to be a part of their game - rules or no rules.

I knocked harder. "Ax, please, it's Amy."

The screaming got louder. I fought the urge to cover my ears as I glanced back at the house. Slinking further into the shadows I wrapped my arms around myself and shivered. I hated Chicago. As soon as I was eighteen I was going to move. I wanted to be warm; just once in my life, I wanted to be warm.

The chill of fear and death surrounded me, had choked me from birth until now. I was seventeen. I only had one more year, one more year and I was running away. Ax said he'd help me, though I wasn't sure what he could do since he was nothing but a mechanic.

Teeth chattering, I knocked one last time and prayed he was home. I'd already tried his cell, but my call had gone straight to voicemail.

Finally, I saw a shadow move in the window.

And then I saw his face.

It was always like the first time with Ax. He had sharp defined cheekbones, a strong jaw, full lips meant for kissing - though it's not like I would know; I was his friend, nothing more. He was beautiful. Like the prince from a storybook. I'd always thought of him as my own personal prince and he'd always laughed it off saying princes in the stories never worked on cars and had grease on their faces.

"Amy?" He jerked open the window; his shirtless body stole my breath away as his muscles flexed to push the last part of the window up. "What's wrong? Are you okay? Why the hell do you have a bruise on your cheek?"

"Too many questions." I forced a watery smile. "Can I stay here tonight?"

He sighed, his shoulders slumping over with sadness, guilt, pity? Who knew? "Amy, this has to stop, why don't you just move in?"

"Right." I laughed. "Move in next door with the enemy."

He rolled his eyes. "Just because I'm related to the Abandonato family does not make me the enemy. I'm not in the business, neither is Pops. You know that."

"Help?" I held up my arms.

Laughing, he reached over the ledge and hauled me into his room. His warm chest was all I needed; he was all I needed.

"Same fight?" He set me down onto my feet. I fought the urge to sway into his arms, to lie and say I tripped. Just being in his embrace made me forget about the pain on my cheek... and the accompanying pain in my heart due to the fact that my dad had hit me...again.

Ax steadied my shoulders with his hands then softly grazed his fingertips over my face as he reached up and touched the bruise. "I'll kill him."

"With a wrench?" I teased pulling away, even though that was the exact opposite of what I wanted.

"Ames..." Ax swore and ran his fingers through his messy dark brown hair. "Hitting you is not okay. It's never okay for a man to touch you in a violent way. I don't care if you yell in his face, I don't care if you kick him in the junk and pull a freaking gun on him - it's never okay for a father to touch his daughter in a way that isn't an expression of pure love and devotion."

"Nice words..." I bit down on my lip to keep myself from bursting into tears. "They sound pretty... a little too pretty for someone like me."

"Amy." Ax gripped my chin with his hand. "You deserve more than nights crawling into a loser's house just because you have to escape your dad."

I jerked away. "You're not a loser."

"I'm not exactly a winner either." His lips twisted into a smirk "But I'm glad I'd get your vote for Homecoming King if it came down to it."

I rolled my eyes. "How's work?"

"It's work," he said in a serious tone. Something flashed in his eyes before he looked away and pointed to the bed. "Right or left?"

"Middle?"

Rolling his eyes he asked again, "Right or left?"

"Middle."

"I can do this all night, Ames."

"Funny, me too." I crossed my arms and grinned.

He burst out laughing. "Fine, you can have part of the middle, and I'll just try not to fall on the floor, but no promises."

I moved towards the bed. "If I hear a loud thunk I promise not to scream."

"Right, it's just my head shaking hands with the nightstand, no big." He winked and pulled the covers back. "Need something to sleep in?"

"Uh, yeah." I looked down at my jeans and white t-shirt self consciously pulling it over my stomach. My dad always yelled at me for wearing skanky outfits but it wasn't for lack of trying to wear normal clothes. We had no money, and I didn't exactly have funds for shopping. How was it my fault I hit a growth spurt?

I hoped Ax didn't notice the blush on my face. I was ashamed that I couldn't even afford to go to Walmart.

I was even more ashamed that my father blamed me for his inability to stop gambling.

"He a made man yet?" Ax asked once we were settled into bed.

"No." I wrapped my arm around his chest, my usual position when I spent the night. "And it's not like things would get better even if he was, but you aren't supposed to know any of that. It's not like the mafia smiles on people who know their business."

He snorted, his body tensed. "Right."

"I mean it, Ax. I can't lose you."

"I'm a mechanic, hardly a threat." He kissed the top of my head. "Now try to sleep."

I closed my eyes and took a relaxing breath just as a loud gunshot rang my ears, jolting me awake.

"Stay down." Ax pushed me against the bed, his body hovering over mine. His entire face changed from calm to rage in that instant. His muscles flexed as he reached into the nightstand and pulled out a .45.

"Ax?" I whispered. "Why do you have a gun?"

"Shh." He held the gun to his lips. "I need you to be quiet."

I nodded, tears already pooling in my eyes.

Another gunshot rang out and then his bedroom door flew open. It was his older brother Sergio. "Time to go, cover's blown."

The door slammed shut as he took off as quickly as he had appeared.

I stared at Ax.

He stared right back.

More gunshots.

More bursts of light. Fear rippled through my body as I stared at Ax even harder, too shocked to do anything else. His gaze was calm...collected.

And then Sergio was back in our room, slamming the door behind him. "So we have to go to plan B. They're pissed we've been spying on them. We have to go, now!"

Cursing, Ax flew off me, grabbed another gun out of his nightstand, and started throwing stuff into a duffle bag.

"She comes with us," he barked.

"She's a De Lange," Sergio spat. "She sure as hell is not coming with us."

"She's not like them," argued Ax. "He hits her. She needs to come."

The sound of male voices yelling had me running into Ax's arms. He kissed my forehead just as I was jerked away from his arms.

"No!" Sergio said in a stern voice.

"Yes!" Ax pulled me back. "We're not leaving her. She stays I stay."

The bedroom door burst open and it seemed everything happened in slow motion as a man held up a gun and pointed it towards Ax.

Bang! The gunshot rang out.

Ax stumbled. "Take her Sergio. Protect her. I'll cover you. Just take her."

With a curse Sergio pushed me out the window then followed.

"Ax!" I screamed, but Sergio covered my mouth.

Just as another bang rang out, lighting up the once dark bedroom.

Sergio pulled out his cell. "Pick up at The Spot, thanks Nixon... I owe you."

"What about Ax?" I tried to fight against Sergio.

"Either he's dead or he's going to be." Sergio pushed me down the alleyway, keeping to the shadows. "And it's your fault. Never forget, it's your fault my brother's dead. But what should I expect from the De Lange bloodline? You were born to kill... born to die."

My world shattered that day.

I lost my best friend.

I lost my heart.

My shield.

My soul.

And buried it right along with his body. The boy who hadn't been who he said he was - the boy who'd protected me from my own family.

The boy who took two bullets for me and paid with his life.

Bang, Bang was the new soundtrack to my life.

Welcome to the Mafia.

CHAPTER ONE

5 years later, Chicago

Axton

THERE WAS ONLY ONE reason for him to call me. One reason and one reason only, other than him losing his damn mind that is.

The minute he'd sent her away from me, he'd sealed his fate.

"You're dead to me!" I screamed, punching him in the face over and over again until blood caked both my knuckles and his face. But Sergio did nothing, simply took each punch as if he deserved it -we both know he did. After all, he'd sent my best friend away and made it impossible for me to reach her lest I put her in more danger than she was already in.

"I love her." My voice was hoarse. "I love her!"

Sergio wiped the blood from his lip and let out a heavy sigh. "And I love you."

I shook my head, not trusting my voice.

"It was you or her," he said slowly. "My brother or a girl I hardly know. A De Lange... someone we've never been able to trust from a family who'd sell their own souls to Satan just to get ahead in this life. I made the call you were too weak to make."

"I was weak because I damn near died protecting her!" I roared.

"Right." Sergio nodded. "And now it's my turn to protect you."

"I will never..." My voice shook. "Never forgive you for this."

"I don't expect you to."

"We're done."

"I know."

Neither of us moved. It was the end of our brotherhood, the end of our family. Our mom was dead, our father in prison... that left just me and Sergio... blood thirsty cousins to the most powerful mafia family in the US.

Estranged.

Over a woman.

"Go into hiding," Sergio barked tossing me my passport. "Off the grid. I'll make it happen. Just one thing."

My head snapped to attention. "You think you're in a position to ask a favor?"

"You're still blood." His teeth clenched, damn near snarling. "One day your marker's going to get called. When the boss needs you, you will come running, or you'll die in your sleep."

"That a threat?"

"Absolutely."

I scowled. "Then let's just pray The Family doesn't need my help anytime soon, yeah?"

"Yeah."

"Bye brother."

"Bye, Ax."

My body jolted as the gates to the mansion opened. Five years and my marker had finally been called up.

My number... announced.

My identity no longer a secret.

I pulled the sleek Mercedes to a stop in front of the massive stairs leading up to the house and slammed my hand against the steering wheel. Memories of Amy made it damn near impossible to breathe, to hold in the emotion. I hadn't kept that end of the promise to my brother. I'd checked in on her... and every time I did, he found out and threatened me again. I did it anyway, because I had to know she was safe. But the last two years, I hadn't heard or seen anything. So when Sergio called and said I was needed, I didn't hesitate. If she was in Chicago, I was going to find her.

I opened the door, got out, and slammed it behind me, then walked slowly up the stairs. The door to the house opened, making a creaking noise. Sergio stood there in a white t-shirt and fitted jeans. He'd always projected power... from his chiseled features to his screw-you attitude. His long dark hair was pulled back into a ponytail away from his face making his jaw look sharp... like a target ready for my fist.

"How was the drive?" he asked smoothly. His accent barely recognizable since last time I'd seen him. We'd both worked hard to get rid of our accents, apparently some harder than others.

"Boring."

He smirked. "Well, after today, I'm sure that word will be forever etched from your vocabulary."

"Yeah, why's that?"

He grinned. "It's good to have you back brother."

I snorted and looked down licking my lips. "I'm back because of Family."

"No." Sergio sighed. "You're back because of her."

"Whatever." I tried to push past him but he grabbed my arm and shook his head slightly.

"Not here." He closed the door behind him. "We won't discuss it here."

Two hours later and I found myself wanting to get so drunk I couldn't see straight.

"No!" I barked, self consciously tugging at the ends of my hair with my right hand. "I'm not doing it."

"You are." Sergio sat down next to me. "Look, I know it was bad but the De Langes have a new leader, a woman... believe me when I say she's scary as hell but she's related to us now... married to Chase, the boss's right hand man. I had to come out of hiding. It's time for you to come out as well."

"No." I clenched my jaw until the irritation eased. "Besides, what would I come out for?"

"Your brother."

"My brother is dead to me... he sent my best friend into foster care when she had a family... me," I spat. "Try again."

Sergio cursed, his Rolex snapping my attention from the whiskey to the light flickering off it. "The money."

"I have more than enough money."

"The Family."

"Our father is in prison, my closest cousin died that night, and even though I'm sure Nixon's a stand up guy, he just made peace with the one family that tried to destroy us."

"She's a De Lange," Sergio whispered. "You know you'd do anything for her regardless of her unfortunate bloodline."

I cursed and tossed back the rest of the drink; it burned all the way down my throat. I'd dreamt of her every night. When I had thought I was dying I called for her. When I found out I was actually alive, I had searched for her.

And when I discovered talking to her would put her in more danger...

I stayed away.

Even when her foster family was less than kind to her.

I stayed away.

When I saw more bruises.

I stayed away.

But I always watched from a distance... I watched, and I died a little each time someone was cruel and I was unable to rescue her. Laughable, when the man who destroyed everything in her precious life - wanted to be the hero. When she turned eighteen and left Chicago, I'd lost track of her. Over the past four years I'd built a damn Jericho around my heart... convincing myself that just like my brother she was dead too. It was better that way. Easier. At least that's what I told myself when my heart hurt too damn much to think otherwise.

Gripping the glass with my hand, I slammed it down onto the table and started to get up.

Strong hands gripped my shoulders slamming me back down into my chair.

Sergio looked over my head and scowled while simultaneously paling. "Campisi..."

"Sergio," the smooth voice said from behind me.

Campisi. I knew who it was. You'd have to be dead not to know who the new young Cappo was. He was around twenty-six, killed his own father, took over the Campisi Family and left a trail of dead bodies in his wake. But it wasn't fear that kept me nailed to that seat, more like morbid curiosity.

When he took the chair opposite me and ordered a beer I almost laughed.

He was young.

So freaking young.

And huge, let's not forget huge. I wasn't a small guy by any means, but he could seriously give me a run for my money. With cold blue eyes and a nose that looked like it had been broken and reset at least a dozen times, I knew he wasn't the type of guy I wanted on my bad side.

Unfortunately, he was also best friends with Nixon, the boss of the Abandonato family - my family. It helped that he was married to Nixon's sister.

The drama of their lives was not anything I wanted to be a part of.

I wanted freedom.

But freedom... always came at a cost.

And I was fresh out of that type of payment.

"You will come out of hiding." Campisi spoke softly. "Or I'll kill you. Those are your choices."

I was silent for a minute... watching his expression, though he didn't seem irritated, just mildly amused at my hesitation. "And if I choose the bullet?"

"Then I'd say you're Abandonato, through and through." He flashed me a grin. The bartender placed the beer in front of Campisi. He sipped for a few minutes then turned to me. "Come out of hiding and I'll give you a prize." His voice was so damn taunting I wanted to punch his teeth out.

"Found one in my Cracker Jack box this morning." I shrugged. "Bad ass little yo-yo that doesn't talk shit. So sorry, but I think I'll pass."

Sergio groaned into his hands.

I rolled my eyes.

And Campisi stood, gripping my shoulders with his hands, digging his fingers into the skin. "You come out of hiding. You work for your Family. You work in peace with the De Langes and I'll give you more than a yo-yo."

"Oh yeah?" I knew it was only a matter of time before I was pulled back in, before my past would come back to haunt me. "What's that?"

"Amy." Campisi said it so softly I almost didn't hear. "I know where she is, and your very first job... to prove your worth and loyalty and all around excitement at being offered a position within the Family?" He chuckled. "You get to go get her."

I gulped and stared hard at the glass still in my right hand. "Where is she?"

"If I tell you - that's it. That's your agreement, Ax."

"I hate this life."

"But you love her." Campisi nodded slowly. "And because her father, a.k.a. shit-for-brains, is on the prowl you better hope you get to her before he does."

"Why?"

Campisi picked up a trail of condensation with one finger and rubbed it off with his thumb. "She has something he wants." He said as if we were discussing last nights game. "Something Nixon wants, something I want... something all of us want... and I highly doubt he's going to let her live when he finds it. He's lost his damn mind, gone rogue, refuses to report to any of us. He's insane and he has a gun... but sure..." Campisi slapped me on the cheek twice. "You could always stay in hiding, cramped away from the world while she fights for her life to survive it. Good idea."

I jolted from my seat and tried to punch him in the face.

Sergio grabbed my arm just in time.

Campisi smiled. "I just love when business deals work out, don't you?" He tilted his head towards Sergio and slowly waltzed out of the damn bar like he was king.

And the sick part?

To all of us?

To the five Families?

He was worst.

CHAPTER TWO

Amy

I HATED IT. I hated every second of it. But I didn't know what else I could do. I had just been fired from my waitressing job for being late too many times, but that was because I was struggling to finish college. It wasn't like I was out back getting high or selling drugs or anything.

No. I was just associated with the mafia.

Not the good kind.

The family everyone hated.

My mother died shortly after the incident that night, and my father all but disappeared. The foster care system let me go back to my home to grab a few things. I grabbed as much as I could. And then they sent me to home after home after home.

And each time they discovered what my name was - I was shipped to another home.

My suitcase broke after the third home so everything was transferred into two large black trash bags. To this day I couldn't take out the trash without getting severe stomach cramps.

The last family was the nicest. But by then I only had another month left in the system. Sergio had called a few times and told me that although he was in hiding, I could stay at one of his houses, but the last thing I wanted to do was depend on someone who blamed me for his brother's death. So the minute I graduated, I got the hell out Chicago and headed down south. Even working as a waitress while paying my way through school sounded like more fun than staying in the one place that was filled with memories of him---of his life---his death.

Finally, I'd found my heat.

The sun always felt good against my face. I could always rely on it to rise every day. And every day I knew it would stare down at me; its rays would fall against my skin and I knew it was just another day I was given a chance to make something of myself. Something that would make Ax proud.

I swallowed the knot in my throat.

He wouldn't be proud now.

He'd be disgusted. But I'd exhausted all other options. The waitressing job had barely kept me afloat as it was, and I needed money - fast.

The neon sign flashed in my line of vision. I gripped my cheap fake leather purse tighter against my shoulder and winced as my world caved in around me.

Hiring Dancers! Next to the sign was another. Topless! Dollar Jell-O shots after 11:00!

Each word was like a punch to the gut. Slowly, I forced one foot to follow the other until I reached the blacked-out door.

With trembling fingers I clenched the knob and twisted.

Low heady music played in the background, but the place was empty of customers. The man behind the bar was cleaning glasses and watching something ahead of him. I turned to follow his gaze as three women started dancing in synchronization on the stage. I should have turned around and ran, but he saw me.

"Can I help you?"

"Um..." It was on the tip of my tongue to say no, but as I backed up into what I thought was a wall, strong hands gripped the sides of my arms.

"What have we here?"

I turned and gasped. The man was ugly as sin. A long scar ran from his eyebrow all the way across his face, the flesh was pulled tight but at the wrong angle making his face looked like a mismatched quilt.

"I, uh, saw the ad." I pointed to the door, careful to avert my eyes from his scary face. "For dancers."

"You have any experience?" he asked in a gravelly voice as he winked at the bartender. Heat invaded my face. I was so embarrassed, so ashamed. Tears threatened.

"No, but I'm a quick learner," I finally said, our gazes meeting again.

The man's smile turned hungry. "I bet you are, beautiful."

"You know-" I gave a half hearted laugh and started to sidestep him. "-maybe I'm wrong, maybe I should just leave, you know, yeah that's a good idea I'll-"

"Three hundred dollars," he whispered, his hand moved to my arm.

I stopped.

"My girls make three hundred a night on a bad night, five if it's good. We're one of the only topless bars that offers cheap booze."

Great, so I'd have cheap drunks to look forward to along with losing my morals.

"So?" He tilted his head. "What do you say?"

I closed my eyes, briefly apologizing to my mom, to Axton, to everyone in my life who'd ever believed in me and told me I was going to make something of myself one day.

I waved goodbye to the straight-A student who just wanted to see a palm tree, and when I opened my eyes I shook hands with the devil and whispered, "When do I start?"

A person will do anything to survive... anything.

CHAPTER THREE

Amy

THREE HOURS OF "training" and I was ready for my debut. The training consisted of girls teaching me all the things I should be careful of when dancing. Never let a man pull you into a dark corner - unless he pays. No sex - unless he pays. No touching-unless he pays. When I told them I thought it was just dancing, they laughed at me.

Apparently money really did talk and the girls were willing to do anything to make more of it. I was surprised to find out that a few of them were pretty well off, making more than what someone would start out working full-time with a degree, but that didn't make me feel any better.

It was what I was doing.

Dancing, basically naked, in front of people, and earning money for it. Earning money for my skinny, barely fed body.

I was fit, only because I was forced to walk everywhere.

I was tan because walking meant I was outside all the time.

And I was skinny because oatmeal and Top Ramen were the only two things I had in my apartment at any given time.

The last chocolate cake I had was for my sixteenth birthday. Funny, my twenty-second birthday had been yesterday.

The day I'd gotten fired.

The same day I'd finally given up.

No cake. No candles. No Axton. I closed my eyes against the painful memories.

"What's your wish?" Axton whispered, holding the cake up so I could blow out the single candle he'd put there. "Tell me."

"I want a palm tree."

He laughed. "In Chicago?"

"No silly, in Florida, or Texas, or California, just... somewhere warm. I want a palm tree in my yard."

His expression grew serious. "And if I can't let you go?"

My heart sped up. "Then you'll have to find a way to bring me the warmth here..."

He moved an inch closer to me, his mouth so close to mine I could almost taste him, then he lifted the cake and whispered, "Blow."

It was hard enough breathing let alone blowing out a single candle, but I did it.

He set the cake down and pulled me in for a hug. "I won't let you go. So I guess I better figure out a way to keep you warm, huh?"

"You let me know when you have the answer," I mumbled against his chest.

"On your eighteenth birthday," he vowed. "I'll tell you then... it will give you something to look forward to."

Silly that on my eighteenth birthday I sat outside the foster home I was in and waited for him. As if he'd suddenly come back to life and come rescue me.

I cried for him that day.

I cried for me.

"New girl!" Someone clapped in front of my face. "Time to get dressed!"

With a sigh, I stood and followed her into a tiny dressing room where girls were piling on layers of makeup and hairspray like it mattered what they looked like when all the men were just there to get drunk and horny.

"Here." She tossed something black at me and moved in front of a mirror to fluff her hair.

I lifted up the measly scrap of fabric and nearly choked. "What is this?"

"It's a type of leotard." She shrugged, still not taking her eyes off the mirror. "It barely covers the girls, but gets the guys wild because it still leaves a bit to the imagination. You're lucky the manager doesn't make you go out there topless, everyone else had to when they started."

"Oh." I clutched the leotard tighter. "So where do I change?"

The girls all stopped what they were doing, shared a look, and burst out laughing. The one named Sherry winked. "You ain't got nothing we haven't seen before, kid. Now strip."

Strip.

My new job title.

With a gulp, I slowly began doing just that, hands shaking the whole time.

CHAPTER FOUR

Axton

MY DAMN PALMS were sweaty as I drove to the location Sergio had given me. I hadn't been out for years.

Years.

I'd been a ghost, just like my brother, not really existing. Living on one of the large family ranches. We had more money than we knew what to do with, and I was more than happy to sit there and finish my PhD, not that I'd probably ever be able to use it, all things considered. My last name was either like being a celebrity in Chicago or a death dealer. It wasn't rare to see someone drop my credit card with trembling hands or freaking bow. Yes, a teen actually bowed to me at the gas station and then asked if it was all true.

And I wanted to say was, "yeah let me show you my gun."

Instead I told him I had no idea what he was talking about.

I'd only gone to prison for a few months. The feds couldn't tack anything to me or most of my family.

But my father? They had loads of shit on him and a few other lucky ones. So while I was set free to live out my miserable existence, they still rotted behind bars.

I had my brother back now and an empty mansion.

And guns, lets not forget the guns, and other weaponry and enough fancy cars to make a sixteen-year-old boy shit himself.

But what was that life without some sort of meaning?

I'd trained since boyhood to be part of the Family. To do what was right. To protect Family - blood. But in the end my own blood had betrayed me, a deal with the De Langes gone bad. My father was trying to impress the boss and ended up blowing our covers to Hell.

I tapped the steering wheel of the Mercedes again.

One more mile.

Alabama, of all the places for Amy to end up in, why the hell had she chosen Florence, Alabama?

I pulled into the parking lot and checked the address on my navigation. It said I was at the right spot, but Sergio had said she was a waitress.

I checked the address again.

At a strip club?

Pissed off all over again at my brother, I got out of the car and slammed the door shut. The music made me sick. I had never been a guy for strip clubs, they seemed cheap... like the type of thing men went to when they weren't confident enough to actually ask a girl out or take her on a nice date.

Disgusted, I opened the door and winced. The smell of smoke filled the air, burning my nostrils. The place was packed.

I searched anxiously for Amy, all I needed to do was grab her, stuff her in the car if need be, and then hightail it out of Hell. I needed to bring her back where she belonged, right the wrong, and hopefully not scare her to death considering she thought I was dead.

The lights lowered as dancers exited the stage.

Still no Amy.

I started making my way towards a security guard who was standing on the far side of the room nearest the stage, when a booming voice sounded over the speakers.

"Tonight we have a special treat for you!" The voice made my ears hurt. A drunken group of college guys pushed in front of me and ran to the stage with dollar bills. Swear my finger twitched on the gun in the back of my pants. But I refrained - barely.

"Hey," I said loudly to the security guard. "I'm looking for a girl."

"Keep moving." He glared.

I could take him, I knew this, he probably knew this, but he didn't move, or even make eye contact, instead his head was leaning forward so he could see the stage.

"She's young," the voice continued. "And so innocent."

More hoots from the crowd.

"She needs money for college! And who are we to keep her from getting her education?" More cheers. "Please welcome Amy-"

I pushed past the security guard. When he tried to grab me, I turned on my heel and elbowed him in the throat, possibly breaking something - ask me if I cared.

I ran down the hall and nearly collided with a man holding a microphone. "Listen you bitch, I already announced you. You have to go on."

"No." Her voice was weak. "I thought I could do it, but I can't. I can't. Please don't make me do it!"

He slapped her.

And I snapped.

With a curse I lunged for him, slamming his body against the wall; the microphone dropped out of his hand.

"Who are you?" he spat, fighting against me.

With a grin, I answered, "The angel of death." And knocked him out with a right hook breaking a few teeth in the process as blood poured from his nose and mouth.

When I turned around to see if Amy was all right, she was immobile, her face ashen. She swayed forward.

I caught her just before she hit the ground, lifted her over my shoulder, and walked as fast as I could out of that hell hole.

Hands shaking with rage, I buckled her in the front seat, careful not to look at her body as I gently placed her legs inside the car. Anger slammed through me, clouding my vision as I belted her into the front seat. My hands shook so badly it took me three tries to finally latch the buckle-a fourth try would have had me ripping the damn thing from the car and saying to hell with it. I couldn't control the damn shaking, couldn't control the anger that I'd kept at bay for five years. Anger that Sergio had forced me to do the unthinkable, anger that my family had told me that the De Langes would never find out. And of course there was also the anger that it was my fault she was in this position in the first place.

I shut the door and then promptly kicked the tire until my foot hurt. When that didn't make me feel better I got in the car and started the engine. It would be a hell of a long drive back to Chicago, especially with me threatening to go all Hulk at any second, but we had a few stops to make first. I had no one to blame but myself, it had been my bright idea not to fly. I thought it would give me time to think about things.

But my decision to "find myself" had almost ended up in disaster. What if I had arrived five minutes later? What if she had gone on stage? What if he had hit her again?

My knuckles were white as I gripped the steering wheel. I drove towards her small apartment, the only other address Sergio had given me, and parked in front of it.

She still hadn't woken up.

When I whispered her name, she didn't budge.

Panicked, I called Sergio.

When he didn't answer... I begrudgingly called the boss, Nixon.

"What?" he barked into the phone. "Any trouble?"

"Nothing I can't handle," I said tersely. "But, she passed out."

"So wake her up."

"She won't wake up." Did whispering her name count as trying to wake her?

A long pause, then, "Did you hurt her? I swear if you hurt her I'm going to-"

"No!" I yelled. "What the hell, Nixon! I'm your cousin! I wouldn't touch her." Not in that way. My eyes roamed her body. I hated myself in that moment, hated that when I thought about touching her, my entire core heated like someone had tried to set me on fire but forgotten to blow out the flame. It burned, and burned, and burned. I was consumed with the need to touch her.

"Ax?"

"Sorry." I nervously glanced in her direction, flexing my free hand acros the steering wheel. "How long before I take her to the hospital?"

"She probably passed out from shock, man. Give her time, alright? Try to wake her up, make sure she gets some food and water. If she's not breathing, that's when you call the hospital. If she turns blue or if she starts saying she sees dead people or some shit like that. But until then, just take care of her."

"Right."

"You can handle this, Ax. This is what we do."

"Rescue young girls?"

Nixon laughed. He actually laughed. My mouth dropped open in shock. Sergio had said things were different. The Nixon I remembered from childhood was too haunted to laugh, too pissed at the world to remember to smile. "It's a new game, man. New players. The mafia isn't want it used to be, the Family isn't run by old guys with something to prove. All that's left is us... the kids... the product of a shitty upbringing, and change is coming."

"Apparently," I said under my breath.

"Heard that."

"I'll call if I need anything."

"Call Campisi, he deserves a little interruption from his honeymoon."

"He's on his honeymoon?"

"I'd rather not discuss him and my sister."

"Noted."

"Any difficulties, text me or call him. I mean it."

"Um, thanks."

"Any time."

I hung up and stared at my phone for a few seconds before I heard Amy moan.

Slowly, she raised her hands to her face and rubbed her eyes. "My cheek hurts."

My racing pulse slowed, time slowed.

She turned to me and gasped again. "It is you." Tears pooled in her eyes. "How?"

My heart pounded as the pooled tears spilled over her cheeks, cascading down perfect smooth skin. I reached out to touch her but she slapped my hand away.

"How!" she yelled then pushed against my chest. I reached for her but she just kept pushing and fighting me. "I don't understand!"

"Yeah." I licked my lips and gripped her wrists. "Me either, but you just passed out. Can you calm down a bit? I need to make sure you're alright and I can't do that with you hitting me."

Strength left her body; and she slumped in her seat. More tears fell, and my heart broke all over again as she wiped them away. Then her fingers touched the red mark on her face, and she winced.

I grimaced. "How's your cheek?"

"It hurts." She huffed. I damn near had to sit on my hands to keep myself from reaching out to wipe away the rest of her tears. The angry bruise begged for a loving touch-but I had a sickening feeling that was the last thing she would think when my fingers grazed the spot. "Really bad. He was wearing a few rings on that hand."

"I'll kill him," I said softly. "But let me at least feed you first."

"You're serious aren't you?"

"I never joke about whose life I take," I answered honestly. "And if we keep talking about him, you won't get food because I'll be too pissed to wait."

"Don't." She swallowed. "Don't kill him, that isn't you."

"But you never knew me to begin with," I said sadly. "Did you?"

Her face fell as her lower lip quivered. Damn it.

"I guess not." She folded her arms across her chest - making it that much harder not to stare - and looked out the window. "So, I just got fired I'm thinking. Tomorrow I'll be on the streets. Thanks for the save..." She reached for the door handle.

"Not so fast." I moved my hand across hers. "We're only here to grab what you need and then we're going back."

She didn't turn to face me; instead her entire body went rigid as she repeated in a breathless voice, "Back?"

"To Chicago."

Her head fell against the window. "And if I want to stay?"

"Why would you want to stay here when I already have a home for you there? Palm tree and all."

"You remember."

"I never forgot."

"It's not the same, Ax." Her frail body looked so beat up, so worn, so defeated. I hated seeing her like that. She turned and glanced at me, her green eyes flashing. "It's not the same."

"You're right." I cupped her face. "This time you won't be cold."

Her eyes drew together in confusion.

I leaned forward and brushed my mouth against hers. "Because I'll be the one keeping you warm."

CHAPTER FIVE

Amy

I WANTED HIS lips more than I wanted my next breath, but how long before those lips were taken away? How long before my heart would get ripped from my chest a second time? I almost didn't survive the first - I knew I wouldn't live through the second.

With a jerk I pulled back and slapped him across the face. "How dare you!"

Ax swore and hit the steering wheel. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry I shouldn't have assumed-"

"Assumed, what?" I yelled. "That I wouldn't be completely pissed off? That I wouldn't be shattered!" My voice wavered. "Totally wrecked forever because I've been mourning the loss of my best friend for five damn years only to find out he's very much alive and suddenly wanting to play the white knight?" My body started to shake. "I died that day!"

Ax's face twisted with pain. "Amy, I had to protect you... at all costs I had to protect you."

"Your protection broke my heart," I whispered.

He sighed, running his hands through his hair before answering. "Ames, sometimes what's the best for us - is exactly what hurts the most."

I refused to look at him. Instead I looked down, down at my bare legs, at the outfit I'd almost paraded about in before a crowd of horrible drunk men in order to make money. I wasn't the same girl he'd left. I was damaged in the worst way. Because by saving me, Ax had taken away all purpose from my life. When I thought he'd died, my only goal was to live because he hadn't.

And now? Now the shame of my situation was crippling.

Foster care kid.

Unwanted.

Unloved.

And completely and utterly alone. Abandoned, even by my best friend.

"Five years, Ax. And now you come for me..." I licked my lips. "I'm not vain enough to think it's because you can't find anyone to warm your bed at night, and I'm not confident enough to think it's because you missed me so much you just couldn't stay away. What do you want?"

"You."

"Try again."

He swore and looked away. "It doesn't have to be like this. Had I known you were in this position-"

"What?" I snorted then bit down on my lip to keep from crying. "You would have driven here faster? You would have rescued me sooner? Pitied me more? Take your pick, Ax. Now tell me the truth. Don't start off this new-found relationship with a lie."

He was silent for a while then whispered, "You have something I need."

"A brain?"

Ax's smile nearly took my breath away "Besides that."

I pressed my lips together and looked out the window at my dark and cramped apartment. "I have exactly one stuffed animal from my old life, the one you gave me when I was six. I have a Polaroid picture, a toothbrush, enough clothes to get me through a week and a half of living, a hairbrush, two elastic hair bands - Do you see where I'm going with this?" I sighed and ran my hands through my hair. "I have nothing you need, let alone want. Believe me."

Ax studied my face, his expression softened as he said, barely above a whisper, "Let me be the one who decides that."

I looked away.

"Don't do that, Ames," he murmured. "Don't shut me out."

"Five years, Ax." I looked straight ahead. "Five years where my tears were the only thing keeping me company at night. I think you lost the right to tell me what to do."

He swore. The car door opened. I gasped as humid air filtered in. "What are you doing?"

"Getting out of the car." He shrugged and gestured at the building. "Going into your apartment and packing you up. We'll stay at a hotel tonight."

I snorted. "My apartment not good enough for you?"

"No." He pulled a gun from his jeans, thumbed off the safety, and held it out in front of him. "I just hate getting woken up in the middle of the night with gunshots ringing out, don't you?"

"Yeah." I gulped, my eyes still trained on the gun.

"Guns don't hurt people... people do," Ax said softly. "Remember that."

"I do." I met his gaze. "Because in the end, it wasn't the gun that broke my heart - it was you."

CHAPTER SIX

Axton

I'D ALWAYS PRIDED myself on being able to keep my emotions in check - especially when it came to Amy. I think I proved that time and time again when all I wanted to do was kiss her. But she was seventeen - or had been seventeen - and I knew it would be wrong. Kissing a girl who viewed me as her hero when I wasn't even honest about who I was.

It was wrong to lust after a girl... especially when you were the one who was going to take the hit out on her father.

It was wrong to love that girl.

It was wrong to feel for that girl.

It was wrong to desire that girl.

Because all those feelings wouldn't do me any good. To her I was enemy number one, and I think all those years part of me knew that if she ever found out I was alive, or if she ever found out what I'd kept from her, the look she'd give me would be complete disgust, mistrust, and betrayal. And I couldn't take it. I almost didn't survive leaving her the first time.

Having her reject me, knowing I was alive?

It burned.

It created a fire so hot that I wasn't sure anything would ever alleviate the slow fanning of the flames. No one but her.

"You coming?" I called back, trying to keep my tone businesslike when really my gut instinct had been to pull her into my arms and kiss her tears away, to swear unwavering loyalty to her only after proving my worth by eliminating every single person in her life who had treated her less than the way she deserved to be treated.

I had a list a mile long.

Foster parents.

Social security numbers.

IDs

Hell yeah, I'd enjoy that certain assignment, scaring the shit out of people who dared tell her she wasn't beautiful every damn day. Feeling the knife lodge between the owner of that club's ribs and smiling as it took his life inch by inch.

Damn, I was mafia through and through.

It was in my blood and for the first time I could remember, I embraced it, because it meant that I could actually do something to make myself feel better about the fact that everything she'd said was true.

I should have done something after she moved away.

Fear held me back.

Rejection kept me locked inside my house.

And bitterness fed the doubt.

"Yeah." She teetered on the high heels they'd put her in and walked slowly across the pavement to her apartment. It was in a low-income area of the city. Each of the three buildings were two stories. They had peeling white paint and enough stray cats to drive anyone who was allergic into an early grave.

Amy put her key in the lock, but the door pushed open.

"Shit." I grabbed her as fast as I could and pushed her behind me then put my finger to my lips.

She nodded quickly.

The apartment was dark. I had my gun out in front of me and was ready to raise hell if anything so much as blinked in my direction. The light from the crap TV in the corner was the only illumination to the sad little studio. Her mattress lay flat on the floor, looking like it had been in a knife fight and lost. Two sheets were ripped to shreds and all her belongings were thrown around the room. Clothes were destroyed. It seemed that whoever broke in was either pissed she wasn't here or pissed they didn't find anything.

I pushed open the bathroom door and almost got sick as a mouse ran across my feet and hid behind the toilet. The smell of mold and mildew burned my nostrils. Quickly, I shut the door and turned on the lights to the room. They flickered twice before humming to life.

"Coast is clear, Ames."

She walked in and stared, her eyes widening as she took in the state of disarray, but she didn't cry. Which was so wrong. Who didn't cry when every possession they'd ever been given was thrown to shit?

I wanted to comfort her.

But the days of comfort were long gone.

She wasn't a girl anymore, but a woman, a woman in a very, very seductive piece of clothing that both revolted me and made me stare. I hated myself, hated the situation I'd helped create and hated that I was probably the reason she had no more tears left to shed.

I'd stolen them all.

Because I was a selfish bastard.

"Ames, it's just stuff. It can be replaced."

"Right." She huffed and crossed her arms. "I um..." She kept looking down at the floor, her feet shifting as her cheeks burned redder by the minute. "I don't have suitcases, the trash bags, the black ones have been with me for a few years..."

I quickly scanned the room and noticed both trash bags ripped to shreds in the corner.

"So," she continued, "I don't really have a place to put anything, then again-" she looked up her eyes bright- "it's probably not the end of the world, since I don't have much, right?" Her smile was forced.

My heart twisted.

My breathing slowed.

"Ames." I took a step towards her and set the gun on the one and only table in the room. "Let's just grab what's most important and then we can get new stuff tomorrow."

"I don't have money for new stuff."

"I do." I reached for her. My knees almost buckled when she met me halfway and gripped my hand in hers, our fingers linking like they'd never been apart, my body responding like it couldn't imagine that reality in the first place.

Slowly, she stepped towards me, our hands were still linked, but she didn't lean on my chest. "I'll pay you back."

"You won't."

"I will." Her eyes flashed as she jerked her hand away.

Smirking I leaned in and tilted her chin towards me. "I can do this all night, sweetheart."

"Me too." Her eyes flickered to my lips before flashing again.

I suppressed a groan and released her chin. "Grab what's most important and then we'll go to a hotel."

My voice was gruffer than usual but I couldn't help it, she made me react. Everything about her had my entire body in knots.

Amy sighed, putting her hands on her hips, then after a minute of staring around the room, she went to the mattress and lifted it.

Underneath was the flattened stuffed animal I'd given her when she was six. It was a stuffed lamb that used to be white but was now a grayish color. She held it to her chest then pulled something else from underneath the mattress, a Polaroid picture of us goofing off right before the incident that changed both our lives forever.

"Ready." She stood.

I fought hard not to ask her about the picture, about the animal."Two things." My voice cracked. "You sure you don't want to take-"

"What?" She looked around the room. "My clothes are shredded. I'll grab my bathroom stuff and my textbooks, if they didn't get destroyed too."

"Textbooks?" I repeated.

"College," she snapped. "It's why I'm poor, it's not like I do drugs or anything. Every cent goes to spending money on college and textbooks."

Feeling ashamed I looked down, breaking eye contact.

When she returned from the bathroom she'd taken off all the makeup they'd put on her at the club, her face was fresh, beautiful, and clean. Her hair was pulled back into a loose braid, pieces fell against her soft cheeks, she was stunning. With a huff she put her hands on her hips and looked around the room. Slowly, she kicked up different pieces of ripped clothing. Her knees popped when she bent down to grab a sweater. When she held it up it had a giant hole in it. Amy managed a frustrated sigh and then looked at me, like really looked at me.

In that moment, in that crappy apartment, I fell in love all over again..

Over a girl in a braid.

Shit I was in deep.

"Aright." I reached for her. "Are you ready?"

"I think so I just need to find something to put over this." She pointed down and shuddered just as she put her hand over her stomach.

"But all the clothes are destroyed. I'll feed you - now are you ready?"

Smiling she reached for my hand and gripped it tight "You could hear my stomach all the way over there huh?"

"And your heart," I whispered, knowing she didn't hear me, not caring even if by some off chance she did. "Why did you put those things under the mattress, Ames?"

I led her out of the apartment and shut the door.

She shivered so I wrapped my arm around her relieved she wasn't crying anymore or yelling at me for touching her.

"It was the safest place I could think of, to put my most prized possessions. I know it's probably the first place people look for money but one glance at my apartment and you know I wouldn't be hiding money if I had any."

My eyes narrowed. "A picture and a lamb?"

"A picture and a lamb," she repeated. "The picture of us. You took it on my seventeenth birthday."

I shook with the need to kiss her, to make the pain go away, maybe even a bit of the guilt. "And the lamb I gave you when you were little?"

She shrugged. "I'm kind of attached to it now."

"It's not even recognizable, Ames."

Grinning, she looked up at me, her big brown eyes doing a ridiculously good impression of Bambi. "It slept with me every night, protected me from monsters, and never complained once."

"I highly doubt anything stuffed or human would complain if they were sharing your bed." I arched my eyebrows and unlocked the car, opening her door for her.

"You did." She tilted her head. "Every night."

"Exaggeration."

"Don't think so."

I snorted and shut the door then made my way to the driver's side. Once I started the car I tugged her braid and whispered, "Well, here's a little secret... sometimes guys mean the opposite of what they say. Spending the night with you was my heaven, and it was also my hell."

Her cheeks lit up with red. "Your hell?"

"You were underage," I explained pulling out of the parking lot. "It was my heaven because you were by my side, because I knew you were okay, because even though I knew I couldn't or shouldn't kiss you, that didn't mean I couldn't hold you, it didn't mean I couldn't feel your skin against my fingertips. Yeah, my heaven and hell, but worth the hell to get to heaven."

Her eyes were wide; she opened her mouth then shut it. After a few minutes of silence she said, "I'm not seventeen anymore."

"I'm well aware of your age," I said hoarsely. "Just don't remind me or I'm going to take advantage of that fact."

"And if I want you to?"

I groaned aloud. "Don't say things you don't mean, an hour ago you were slapping me and yelling in my face."

"Right." She licked her lips. "Right, sorry I don't know why I said that."

Why the hell did it feel like I just rejected her when all I was doing was protecting her? Damn Campisi. I was not the man for the job. The right man would do his job without wearing his heart on his sleeve; he'd do his duty, report home, and wash his hands of it.

That wasn't going to happen with me.

She was a part of me again.

And I wasn't letting her go.

I just needed to give her time to realize I wasn't abandoning her - and I couldn't do that by pressuring her before she was ready, even if she thought she was.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Amy

TEARS THREATENED - AGAIN. I was so embarrassed that I'd been ready to cry because of what Axton had said.

What was wrong with me?

He'd found me in a strip club - then kissed me, then rejected me all over again, and I was wondering why?

The more I thought about it the more it made sense. Five years is a long time and if there was one thing I knew about his family or the real "family" he was a part of? They were loaded. Like Richie Rich - I own several jets and can rent out Disneyland a million times over and still end world hunger - loaded.

No wonder he didn't want my money.

I barely had any pride left, but what I did have still demanded that I pay him back for whatever he spent on me.

Lost in thought I didn't even realize we'd pulled up to the hotel until he turned off the car. "You okay?"

"Great." I lied. I wasn't great. I was going back to Chicago, the last place I wanted to be, and my best friend was suddenly alive, which should make me happy but all it did was make me feel so terribly rejected. My heart hurt so bad that it was hard to breathe. He had connections - he could have found me, did he and Sergio even talk?

I had to know.

It was killing me and I had a right to know. Even if I knew the truth already, I had to hear him say it.

"Ax, before we go inside..." I met his gaze even though I wasn't feeling very brave. He tilted his head to the side, his crystal blue eyes drinking me in, swallowing the darkness. "Why didn't you tell me you were alive? Why didn't you... call?"

"Ames." His face contorted with pain. "Let's not talk about this now."

"I need to know."

"Damn it, Amy." He jerked the keys from the ignition. "By the time I was out of the hospital, you were gone. Already in foster care. Sergio wouldn't help me track you down... I finally found you and I couldn't... I couldn't just walk up to you and say 'surprise!' I freaking helped ruin your life, who does that? Who just ruins someone's life and then asks for forgiveness? Or expects a damn hug? I couldn't do that to you. I couldn't put you through the pain again. I convinced myself you were fine because I was too afraid to believe otherwise."

"Okay."

"That's it?" he roared. "You're just going to say okay? After I tell you I'm the worst type of human being on the planet?"

I shrugged. "What do you want me to say? That it hurts? Because it does. That it sucks? It really does. That I understand? Well, I don't, not even a little bit, because if the positions were reversed I'd spend every waking moment tracking you down and when I found you, regardless of what was in the past, I'd spend the rest of my life trying to make it better. That's love... that's friendship. What you did was self-serving, and I can't love that person, the person you are now? I can't love him - because the Axton I used to know was the most selfless person in existence."

"Ames." His voice hitched, like he was on the verge of tears. "I wish you could see how sorry I am."

I smiled sadly. "I wish I could too."

A valet chose that awful moment to walk up to the door and knock. Cursing, Ax opened the door and gave him the keys. "Try not to scratch it."

I got out of the car and waited.

The valet's eyes bugged open. "Um, sir... you can't... I mean..." He shook his head. "You can't take prostitutes into the hotel."

Ax froze. His face going from someone I recognized to a complete stranger as he slowly turned around and grabbed the guy by the throat. With a heave he shoved him back towards the cement pillar and then punched him in the stomach. "She's not a prostitute, you bastard."

"My mistake." The guy doubled over, his breaths coming out in short gasps. "Apologies, I'm so sorry-"

"Sorry?" Ax repeated then punched him in the stomach again. "Don't apologize to me, ass**le, apologize to her."

He lifted the guy up by his shirt and dragged him over to me.

Shocked, I could only stare as the guy trembled in Ax's grip. "Ma'am, I'm so sorry for my error, please forgive me." Ax squeezed the guy's neck. "It was a horrible, mistake." His voice came out hoarse as Ax continued putting pressure on his windpipe.

Ax nodded to me.

"It's um, it's fine." I said in a cheerful voice so the guy didn't report us to the cops or anything. It wasn't like we were in Chicago; they would call the cops here. Then again maybe the Abandonatos were famous everywhere, it wasn't like I really kept track of mafia dealings.

"Remember," Ax whispered to the guy. "No scratches."

The guy collapsed onto the pavement clutching his stomach as Ax ushered me inside the huge building. It was the most expensive hotel in town - I only knew because I'd tried to get a job bartending only to find out that they only hired people who'd gone to actual bartending school. Yeah, I didn't fit that profile at all.

"Wait here." Ax motioned for me to sit on the couch while he went to the front desk and checked in.

Minutes later he returned with one of the hotel employees. Ax wrapped a possessive arm around my shoulder and led me to a dark hallway where a single elevator was located.

"Just let me know if you need anything else, Mr. Abandonato. The only guests who can use this key are ones staying on the penthouse level." She handed him the key card, didn't make eye contact with me at all, and walked off down the marble hallway.

Too busy gawking, I didn't even notice the elevator had opened until I almost tripped as Ax pulled me inside. In a whoosh it took off, within seconds opening up on the top floor where only two doors were located.

Ax swiped the card again and opened one of the doors, stepping back so I could enter the room first.

It was huge.

Not just, oh wow, this is a big hotel room, but it was massive, like its own apartment. It had a full-sized kitchen with granite countertops on the right, a long hallway that led to what I'm guessing were multiple bedrooms, and a beautiful view of the river.

"Now-" Ax put the card on the table and reached for the phone- "We feed you."

My stomach grumbled on command.

"Go take a bath." He nodded towards the hallway. "I'll order you some food, but you probably want to relax for a bit."

"Are you going to be barging in and waving your gun?" I asked. "Or beating any more hotel employees up?"

"If you stay dressed like that?" He eyed me slowly up and down. "Yes. Now, go."

CHAPTER EIGHT

Axton

THE SLAM OF THE bathroom door gave immediate relief. Muscles I wasn't even aware I'd been flexing, relaxed as I slumped against the countertop. I was less than half a day in and I was already strung so tight that even alcohol wouldn't bring me down.

It was the outfit.

And the braid.

Maybe even the legs.

Hell, who was I kidding, it was everything.

I gripped my cell in my hand and punched in a quick text to Nixon.

Me: Safe, at hotel, her room was destroyed.

Nixon: Did you find it?

Me: What is it?

Nixon: You'll know when you see it.

Me: Vague, thanks.

Nixon: Just get her to Chicago, that's all you need to worry about.

With a grimace I set the phone away from me and leaned against the counter, half tempted to bang my head against the granite just to see if it would knock any sense into my brain. Then again, it wasn't my brain having issues but every other cell in my body. It was like I had lost complete control over my hands, my damn heartbeat, my breathing - everything was fixed on her and her alone. Which made doing my job without getting emotionally attached, damn near impossible.

Clothes. I needed to get her some clothes, preferably a turtleneck and a pair of sweats, maybe a floppy hat, some sunglasses.

Not that it would help, but one could always hope.

"Aaaaagh!" A scream erupted from the bathroom. Gripping my gun I ran down the hallway and burst through the door, hand raised, ready to shoot anyone who dared touch her.

Amy was lying in the giant bath tub, bubbles surrounding her body making it impossible for me to see her completely naked but giving me the suggestion that it was my loss I couldn't.

"What's wrong?" I lowered the gun, my heart rate finally returning to normal. "I thought someone was attacking you."

Amy blushed, the pink color traveled down her neck to her chest, where my eyes stayed for longer than they should have.

"A bad dream." She shook her head, pieces of wet hair stuck to her chin and cheeks. I had to bite my lip to keep from telling her how beautiful she looked and how badly I wanted to kiss her. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize how tired I was, I laid down and closed my eyes and then-"

With a sigh I glanced away - not because I was trying to be polite but because I was tilted on my own axis, a stranger in my own body, unable to actually look at her and speak at the same time. "Do you want me to stay in here?"

"No!" She lurched forward as if to stop me from staying. Water lapped over the edges of the bathtub.

Bubbles moved around her.

And I stared like a man who'd never seen water before.

One bubble remained near her chest.

I stared it down. Willed it to move to the right, the left, or to disappear altogether, and when that didn't work I argued with it in my head, alternating between telling it why it shouldn't exist and why it should.

Yes, my speech was quite extensive, well researched, well thought out. I would have probably won an award. And that award would have been for stupidity, but... there I was, still staring, still arguing, still telling myself it was okay to want what I'd given up so long ago - what I didn't deserve.

"Ax?" Amy squeaked. "Is something wrong?"

My body responded in the most inappropriate way, coming alive at the sound of her voice as if she'd just offered to let me lick her while pushing the damn bubble away.

"Uh, yeah," I snapped. "Sorry, just, next time don't scream unless something's really wrong, I could have shot you."

Romance was clearly lost on me. Of all the things to say, I could have shot you probably killed the moment more than anything. Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if the bubble suddenly spontaneously split into two just to shame me for being such an ass.

"Sorry," she said quickly. "I'm sorry. It won't happen again."

"'K." I backed away, forgetting that I'd closed the door behind me, and collided with the doorknob. Wincing, I turned, gave her a salute, because that's what mafia hit men do when they're in a bathroom with a naked girl, they salute her like a freaking boy scout, and then leave.

Once the door shut behind me I almost turned the gun on myself.

What the hell was I going to do the rest of the time we were together? And how was I going to keep my hands from touching her when the need to be near her was almost painful?

"Ax," she called from inside the bathroom.

I cracked open the door. "Yeah?"

"Thanks... for coming... even though it was a false alarm."

"I'll always come," I vowed. "I swear."

"I'll keep that in mind next time I want you to run in my direction - screaming works."

A grin spread over my face and I winked. "Just make sure it's my name and we won't have any problems."

Just the thought of her yelling my name in pleasure had my body going hot all over, my clothes feeling to tight and my trigger-happy finger ready to drop the gun and run towards her.

"Okay."

I shut the door again and cursed under my breath as I made my way towards the room. When I opened the door I wanted to curse all over again, maybe throw a tantrum, or perhaps a chair? Yeah throwing a chair would make it all better.

One king-sized bed.

I walked back down the hall.

Two bathrooms.

And one bedroom.

The next room was an office.

Perfect.

The couch and I were going to get real close because no chance in hell could I lie inches from her with the knowledge of what it was like to hold her in my arms haunting my dreams.

Shaking the thought from my head, I tried to focus on something else, anything else. Food. I needed to feed her. I quickly picked up the phone and dialed room service. Maybe I'd just eat away my lust-right that would work, eat until was so sick I couldn't do anything about the way I felt about the girl in the bathtub driving me to an early grave.

By the time Amy was finished bathing I was ready to shoot myself in the hand just so I could be distracted by a little blood and pain. The entire bathroom smelled like girl, and not cheap girl. Not the type of girl that makes you want to cough and wheeze because there's so much perfume.

No. It was soap. Hotel soap. But I swear her skin had chemically altered it, making it smell better than anything I'd ever smelled in my entire life. Pathetic that she was probably already out like a light and I was in the shower smelling hotel soup and trying not to let my arousal get so out of control that I had a permanent problem dressing myself or covering myself enough not to look like some horny teen who just found out what his junk was for.

I turned the spout to the shower as far as I could, the hot water pounded my back, and the more I stayed underneath it, the worse my thoughts became.

Thoughts of her in the bath.

The damn bubble again. I swear if there was a Mr. Bubble container I'd probably be groping it.

Nixon would be doing me a favor by shooting me when I got back to Chicago. I was hardly acting like a man, let alone a man that tortured people for information and dropped bodies into the lake when I wasn't satisfied with what they said. Then again that had been years ago-did I really know that man anymore? Did I still want to be him? Apparently going into hiding made a person soft.

Ridiculous.

Cursing, I turned off the water and wrapped a towel around my waist, then padded down to the bedroom, hoping the lights were off, hoping she was sleeping and hoping that I could throw on a pair of boxers and just be done with the whole painful scenario.

As luck would have it, all the lights were on. Amy was lying across the bed, her wet hair kissing the pillow, her thumbnail in her mouth and her lips pressed against her thumb in such a tender way I damn near flinched beneath my towel.

"Sorry." She yawned, stretching her arms above her head. I'd given her a pair of my boxers and a white t-shirt to sleep in. They looked good on her, too good, better than the sexed up outfit she'd had on before.

Suppressing a groan I smiled at her as politely as I could, which probably meant it looked like I was ready to rip her in half with my teeth, and reached into my suitcase for a pair of boxers.

"Which side?" Amy whispered behind me. The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end as I panicked with how to respond.

Slowly, I turned. "I uh..."

"Middle?" She winked. "Or left?"

My smile grew as her eyes lit with playfulness. It was the Amy I remembered, the one who let me wipe her tears, the one I wanted to save for myself.

And if I was being completely honest, the face I saw when I was with other women, when I kissed them, slept with them, did anything with them, I'd always wished it was her.

And now she was asking me what side of the bed I wanted. Life could be so cruel. Dangling her in front of me like a damn prize I'd never be good enough to get, let alone deserve.

"Middle," I croaked. "I like the middle now."

"Rock, Paper, Scissors for it?" She tilted her head. I couldn't refuse that pout, those eyes. Damn it, a freaking gunfight wouldn't be able to distract me from that face. Since when did I decide to even share the bed?

She smiled again.

Right, since she started holding my sanity captive.

"Ready?" I lifted my hands.

Her eyes scanned my abs and chest before she lifted her hands and said, "Rock, Paper, Scissors."

We both hit paper and went again. I won rocking her scissors.

The next round she won because she cheated, but whatever, I hesitated and she used that to her advantage, covering my rock with her paper.

"Ooh, final round." I teased.

"Ready?" She moved to her knees so she was as close to me as she could get without falling off the bed.

"Ready." I walked towards her, careful not to let my towel drop, and held out my hands in front of me.

"Paper." Me.

"Rock." Her.

"Scissors." Us.

"Huh?" She pointed at my hand. "What the heck is that?"

"Oh, right." I had my finger pointing at her and sliced her paper in half. "It's a knife, I'm mafia. We don't play by the rules."

Amy scowled, her cute little eyebrows knitting together in frustration. "You can't just make up rules."

"I believe-" I leaned forward. "-I just did, now are you going to be a sore loser or let me have the middle?"

"Sore loser."

"You've always been fair," I teased. "You gonna start changing my opinion of you?"

"Fine." She crossed her arms and huffed "But I'm asking people when I get back if that's something you guys do."

"Us guys?" I repeated.

"You know." She waved me off. "The mafia."

I burst out laughing. "Oh we have tons of rules, special codes, bad ass hand shakes, seriously takes me like ten whole minutes to even meet up with someone at the bar because I have to go through so many movements. One of them involves a spin, just in case you were wondering."

Her eyes widened and then narrowed. "You're lying."

I shrugged. "I'm mafia sweetheart."

"And Sicilian." She rolled her eyes. "Double X."

"And Sicilians are liars?"

She grabbed a pillow and held it to her chest. "My dad was."

"Your dad is a piece of shit," I spat. "He doesn't even deserve the title of dad and when I see him I'm going to cut off his hands for ever laying a finger on you."

Amy hissed out a breath.

"Sorry." I looked quickly down at my feet, semi-embarrassed that I'd just gone all killer on her. "It's only fair though. Why should he deserve the honor having hands when he doesn't even know how to use them properly?"

"Do you?"

"Do I what?"

"Use yours properly?"

Load my gun and tickle the trigger why don't you? Did she even realize what she was asking? The connotation behind it? The absolute restraint it took for me not to throw my towel to the ground and pin her arms against the mattress until she screamed out in pleasure?

With a practiced grin, one I knew made girls stutter - only because it pissed Sergio off to no end whenever I did it - I leaned forward and tilted my head, flashing my smile. "Honey, I use all things properly... especially my hands, wanna see?"

"Even if I said yes..." Amy's eyes narrowed again. "You'd still chicken out."

"Chicken out? What is this?" I laughed. "We play paper, rock, scissors for real estate on the bed and now you're calling me a chicken?"

"Fine." Amy licked her lips. "Then touch me... with your hands."

I froze.

My hands clenched at my sides, unwilling to follow through with what she asked and pissed off that I had to keep them there lest I lose all self-control and ruin everything. "I can't."

"Because?"

"It isn't right."

"Because?"

"Damn it, Amy." I turned around and put my hands on my hips. "I can't just touch you and not do more. One touch is worse than a tease, it's like giving me a crumb of bread after I've been starving in the jungle for weeks. I'm just going to eat the whole thing and do whatever I can to get more."

She was silent. When I turned back around she had a satisfied grin on her face, like I'd just made this huge confession. Panicked, I retraced what I said. She kept smiling.

Scowling, I asked, "What?"

"Honesty..." She shrugged. "It's better than you lying to me... mechanic my ass."

"I did work as a mechanic..."

"Fancy word for a made man."

Yeah, she had me there. "We should sleep if we're going to get an early start tomorrow, alright?"

Nodding, she turned on her side, careful to slip all the way to the end of the bed, and didn't say another word.

I quickly dropped my towel and put on my boxers then turned off the lights. Slipping my gun under my pillow, I slid into the bed and lay across the middle, just because I could.

Unfortunately two hours into what should have been a dead sleep I was awoken by Amy's hand, and then her arm, and then her leg as it snaked around mine.

Sleep was going to be hell.

And just as I was getting used to the fires singeing my body - she started to purr in her sleep.

Wide eyed, I stared at the ceiling and repeated all the different reasons I couldn't take advantage of her - all the reasons I couldn't kiss her.

She purred again.

To hell with that - all bets were off when she was ready... and I was going to be there, waiting. I couldn't care less if I had bullet holes in my body; my mouth was going to be the one to claim hers forever.

CHAPTER NINE

Amy

I WOKE UP in the middle of the night to find myself basically plastered to Ax. His warm muscled body was like a beacon to mine. With his arm wrapped possessively around me, and his breathing even, I was able to stare at him, stare at the beautiful man who had rescued me - the beautiful man who had abandoned me.

His eyelashes were so long it was impossible not to notice them. They were black and had a slight curl at the end. His jaw was covered in a bit of dark stubble - I'd forgotten how dark his hair was, or how silky it had always felt between my fingers. It was shorter than I remembered it being, but it was just as wavy, shiny. Too pretty to be boy hair, too tempting for me not to want to reach out and thread my fingers through it.

But I knew I'd either wake him up and be on the opposite end of his gun, or he'd use it as an invitation we both knew I wasn't ready for. I craved him, but I didn't want to get lost in him and then suffer the absolute torture of having to say goodbye once he finished his job and dropped me off in Chicago.

I had no home to go back to.

No job.

Nothing.

Where was I even going to live?

I pulled back from his body and chewed my lip in thought. It didn't help that the bed was so soft and expensive. I was used to my crappy mattress, used to lying on the floor.

Finally, after I couldn't fall back asleep, I grabbed two pillows and tossed them onto the floor next to me, then I pulled one of the throw blankets from the bed.

Once I was settled on the carpeting, I was finally able to relax a bit. Worry still plagued me, but at least I wasn't wrapped up in Ax. I shivered. The only problem was the floor was colder than I had realized. I tugged the blanket tighter around my body and closed my eyes.

Two seconds after they closed, cloth rustled behind me and the mattress shifted, and then footsteps shuffled across the carpet. Ax's warm body joined mine; the comforter from the bed fell on top of both of us. He pulled me into the cocoon of his warmth and kissed the top of my head. "I couldn't care less about the middle, Ames... I just want to be by you."

Unshed tears stung my eyes as I clenched them shut, my breathing uneven as I tried to keep myself from sobbing against his chest.

"Sleep." He kissed my head again. "I've got you."

I woke up to the sound of Ax yelling into his phone. Rubbing my eyes, I yawned and then managed to find my way out of the massive amount of covers and down the hallway.

A spread of more food than I'd ever seen in my entire life was on the table; hot coffee was already poured for me. Ax continued yelling, but pointed to the seat.

Not wanting to argue with someone who was so clearly against mornings, I went to the table and fought the urge to clap my hands in excitement.

Toast! Jam! Sausage! Bacon! I could seriously have died happy in that moment, and I even had orange juice. I didn't appreciate things like that until I suddenly couldn't afford them. Until that first day I went to the store and couldn't buy orange juice because it was out of my budget.

I reached for the juice with one hand then grabbed my coffee with the other.

"Double fisting?" Ax sat down across from me and tossed his cell onto the table; it landed with a clatter.

"Who was that?" I set down both drinks then bit into a piece of toast and stifled a moan as the raspberry jam hit my tongue. I closed my eyes in ecstasy, licking my lips then took another bite.

Pretty sure I finished the entire piece of toast with my eyes closed. When I opened them again Ax's mouth was open, his face flushed, and he was staring at my mouth.

"Do I have something on my face?" I reached for the napkin and wiped across my lips while Ax pinched the bridge of his nose and let out a pitiful noise I could only assume was irritation.

"Nah." He swallowed, looking away. "Just enjoying the show."

"Show?"

"Eat something else."

I frowned. "You're weird."

"More toast?" He offered. "Jam?"

"I think..." I looked around the table as he took a sip of coffee. "I'll eat the sausage."

Ax choked on his coffee then started pounding his chest. "Sorry, wrong tube." He ran his hands over his face and cursed, then reached for his coffee again. "And to answer your question, it was Sergio."

"Oh." I looked down at my plate, pushing the sausage around with my fork. "How is he?"

"Cranky as shit." Ax laughed. "But he's my brother, so I can't really kill him even though the idea has merits... at times."

I smiled. "Like when?"

"Like when he rescued you then put you in foster care." Ax spoke so softly I almost didn't hear him. "Like when he kept my best friend from me. I'm not blaming him. I take full responsibility, but let's just say he's lucky he still has both legs and a tongue."

"Graphic." I poked the sausage with my fork and lifted it to my lips. Ax leaned forward, watching my fork like he was a cat and I was holding his only toy. I moved it in front of my face, his eyes followed, completely captivated. I bit slowly into the meat, letting my teeth sink in. His eyes hooded as he watched me chew. I wasn't sure if he was just really tired or for some reason found me eating breakfast fascinating. My last bite was the juiciest, causing some of the grease to run down my chin.

Ax shot to his feet, his knees banging against the table. "I uh, I'll be right back." He walked down the hall like I was chasing him with a knife and slammed the door to the bathroom.

I shrugged and finished my breakfast.

When Ax came back ten minutes later, his face was visibility relaxed but his hands were still clenched tightly at his sides. He held out his hand. I took it and stood.

"I won't ask again." He cupped my face. "I won't demand it, I won't ask it, I'll try my damndest not to think about it. I won't kiss you until you ask me... a second time."

"A second time?"

His mouth collided against mine, his fingers pushing past my chin and diving into my hair, tugging me closer to his warmth. I gasped when his tongue entered my mouth. I could taste him, I wanted more. I flung my arms around his neck, he grunted his approval and then let out a moan when I opened my mouth wider, our teeth almost colliding against each other.

His hands moved down my back, resting just above my butt. I wiggled a bit, it was all the invitation he needed to push up the cotton shirt and touch my skin.

I felt every fingertip as they grazed my hipbones.

His kiss turned less frantic as he sucked on my tongue, and rocked me back on my heels, creating some distance between our scorching bodies. Ax tilted his head, nipping my lower lip before biting down and giving it a little tug. It sent a thrill all the way down to my toes.

Ax's mouth was like hot velvet, every time our lips touched it felt like a caress, I shivered as he deepened the kiss one last time then pulled back.

His chest heaved. Eyes dilated, he whispered near my mouth, "That was going to be your eighteenth birthday present, me keeping you warm, keeping us warm, showing you that I wasn't ever just your friend, Ames. I wanted to be so much more... I still do, but you don't trust me and I don't blame you. So, that's it. I won't kiss you again, I won't attack you with my mouth, I'll try not to fantasize about the way your tongue felt against mine - I'll wait. Until you ask me, I'll wait."

"What if I never ask you?"

He smirked and tilted his head, tipping my chin with his thumb before kissing my nose. "After that kiss... do you really think I'm worried about that?"

"Arrogant ass!" I said breathlessly jerking away from his tempting touch.

"That almost sounded like an invitation," he teased. "If you want me to kiss you again, just ask."

"No." I folded my arms across my chest and shivered. "You're, you-"

"-So damn sexy." He eyed me up and down. "It's a shame you can't walk around like that - then again I'd have a really high body count, and I'm trying to keep my total under 100 before I turn thirty so..."

I gasped. "What's it at now?"

"Somewhere between holy shit and I lost count." He winked. "I take it you've finished your... sausage?"

"What is it with you and sausage?"

He just grinned and walked away holding his hands in the air. "We should probably get going, we have some shopping to do before we road trip it."

"I've never road tripped." I said, feeling suddenly panicked. Did I have to entertain him? Tell stories? Oh no, did I have to sing songs?

Ax turned around, "Wow, that's a confidence booster. I talk about being in the car with you alone for hours on end and you pale."

"Sorry." I shook my head. "It's not that... I mean, won't you be bored... driving?"

"Of course not." He grinned and strode over to the sideboard and grabbed his gun. He stuffed it into the back pocket of his jeans and turned back around, flashing me a smile. "I'll have you next to me, safe. It's all I need. You could sleep the whole time and I'd be content just to know I was the one keeping you safe, returning you home, where you belong."

"I have no home." I crossed my arms and tried not to panic as I felt the walls closing in around me.

"Hey." Ax was suddenly in front of me. "I'm your home. Never forget that."

CHAPTER TEN

Axton

AMY WAS WEARING one of my white t-shirts and a pair of running shorts I'd brought with me at the last minute thinking I'd hit the gym in my free time. Right. Free time my ass. Taking care of her was a full time job, not that I was complaining.

I didn't know the first thing about shopping for girls, but I had expensive taste, and the small town area wasn't cutting it. I ran into Walmart with Amy in tow, grabbed a t-shirt, some workout stretchy pant things, flip flops, and called it good. She didn't complain at all, and I'd half expected her to. I just needed to clothe her so I could take her somewhere nicer.

Though when I mentioned that she looked at me with horror-stricken eyes. "What's wrong with the clothes you just got me?"

"They aren't... you."

"My clothes aren't me?" she repeated in a deadpan voice. "And you know me so well because?"

"I know you," I snapped. "And I want you to be in... satin... silk... Italian leather... shit, I don't know. I want you in something worthy of you."

"They're just clothes." She shrugged.

"They're touching your body. Never say they're just clothes." I growled taking the next exit the navigation instructed. The mall was supposed to be big enough to have a few department stores and some smaller ones that would do just fine.

When I pulled into the parking lot Amy gawked at the giant buildings, "Are you sure these clothes aren't okay?"

I sighed. "You can't wear the same clothes every day."

"Fine." She opened the car door and got out. I was still trying to figure out why she seemed so upset when I reached for her hand and grasped it within mine. She didn't pull away but her entire body was tense.

I walked into Nordstrom, recognizing the store only because it had some of the brands I was looking for, and walked over to the directory.

Personal shoppers were on the top floor, but I could dress her, right? I mean, I was a guy, I knew what looked good. I stole a glance at her, right, style I could do, sizes? I would be crap at finding sizes; we'd be stuck there for a lifetime.

"Women's is on the third floor." Amy pointed.

I nodded and pulled her onto the escalator, refusing to let go of her hand as we went up to the third floor and started walking around.

I felt hot all over. I could shoot a man in cold blood but looking at pretty clothes with shiny things had me ready to puke and find the nearest bar. I gripped her hand tighter.

"Are the clothes scaring you?" Amy whispered.

"Shut up."

Laughing she stood with me in the middle of the main aisle, her eyes widening as she looked around.

Where the hell were the sales lady's? The ones every store had to help relieve customers or guys with panic-stricken eyes and the sudden need to drink away the pain of the credit card swipe? Ah...nice, a female employee turned towards us and started walking. Thank God someone finally recognized the look of horror. She paused in front of us, "Do you need help?"

"Yes." I damn near shouted in the poor thing's face. She was only around five foot and that was with the tallest red heels I'd ever seen. Her face was clean of makeup except for bright red lipstick. She looked like she knew what she was doing, so I did what any sane man would do. I pushed Amy towards her and said, "Can you dress her?"

The lady's eyes narrowed.

"That came out wrong," I grumbled. "Can you help her find some clothes? She needs a whole new wardrobe, shoes, underthings." I coughed into my hand and looked away. Bar, bar, where was a freaking bar?

"Sure." The lady pressed her lips together, probably trying not to laugh hysterically at my expense, and motioned to Amy. "Why don't we go check out Savvy, I think I can find you some great pieces. What's our budget, sir?"

"No budget," I barked out. "Is there a place to get a drink around here?" I tugged at my t-shirt but it didn't alleviate the choked feeling I had at sitting in a department store with a gun in my pants-literally...

"Actually," she said smoothly, "Right around the corner is a nice bar that Nordstorm specifically put in for men to sit at while they wait for their significant others to shop."

"Well." I sighed happily, "That was a stroke of brilliance."

"You should see that place during the Anniversary sale." She winked. "Why don't you go have a beer... or three and I'll take...?" She tilted her head. "I'm sorry what was your name, dear?"

"Amy." She gulped.

"I'll take Amy and we'll come get you once we're finished."

"Great." I released Amy's hand. "You going to be okay?"

"It's shopping, not the Hunger Games." Amy grinned. "I think I'll be fine."

"Yeah well..." I stuffed my hands in my pockets. "Keep the bow and arrow just in case."

With that, I walked towards the bar and ordered a beer. When I sat down it was like coming home. Men were everywhere - eating, drinking, checking their watches, texting. Hmm, it really was smart, give the men beer and their women could shop all damn day. Seriously brilliant. I needed to text Sergio or Nixon... or someone.

I suddenly felt very alone.

When you can't text your brother because you're still pissed at him.

When you can't text your boss because technically you've been shitting on him for the past five years.

I groaned into my hands just as my cell rang.

I barked out a "What?"

"Wow, you're in a super good mood. Remind me to call you every day in order to make sure the sun's still shining." It was Campisi, Tex.

"Sorry, I'm shopping."

"Pretty sure that wasn't in the job description."

"Yeah." I took a sip of beer. "But she had shit, Campisi."

"Tex," he corrected smoothly.

"Fine, Tex." I rolled my eyes. "She had no clothes, they were destroyed. She has a toothbrush, a damn toothbrush to her name. What was I supposed to do?"

"Take her shopping," Tex said softly. "Nixon will pay for it."

I chuckled. "I think we both know I don't need Nixon's money."

"Snobby rich Abandonatos." His chuckle joined mine, but we both knew that since he was the Cappo he was just as rich. Hell, he could buy a small country.

"Yeah, yeah, so what's up?"

"Just checking in on one of my favorite associates, making sure you're still alive and breathing, you know the drill."

"You want my heart rate too?"

"Is that your way of saying your heart's racing? Because I gotta tell you... I have the same feelings... when we speak."

I burst out laughing. "You're a scary son of a bitch, but hilarious as hell."

"I'm charming, that's what the wife says."

"You should say that next time you shoot someone."

"I did, he still pissed himself, but whatever."

I rolled my eyes. "Anything else?"

"Yeah." He sighed. "We've got you... me and Nixon... Chase, Mil, Phoenix, we're family. Things aren't like they used to be. We're a team, all of the families are a team, and you're a part of it whether you like it or not. So if you need anything we aren't just your bosses, we're your friends and I treat my friends with the utmost respect."

"Until they double cross you."

"Well yeah, then I just kill them."

"So glad we're friends then."

Tex laughed out loud. "Have fun shopping... don't let her go too crazy, and if you see anything suspicious let me know. I'm sending you a picture of her father, he looks a bit different then he used to. If you see him or the other man that's in the picture, shoot. Don't hesitate, just shoot."

"Got it."

"Bye."

I hung up the phone and stared at it while a picture text came through. Her dad looked like hell, but I still recognized him. His hair was disheveled like he hadn't showered in years and he looked like he'd had two of his teeth knocked out. Heavy circles looked drawn under his eyes, crow's feet were deep enough to take a bath in. His mouth was twisted into a frown. The guy next to him was close to my age. And I knew immediately who he probably was... her brother. The guy was a few years younger than all of us, and a total piece of work. I wasn't a fan of killing kids under the age of twenty-one, but I knew I would probably have to kill him if he showed up. The thought made the beer go sour in my stomach.

I ordered some water and then some food and waited. All the while mulling over all the things Tex had said on the phone. Friends. I liked that. I liked the idea that we weren't just a business, but family... even though the five families rarely got along it seemed like they'd finally managed a truce. I just wondered how long it would last before everything went to shit.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Amy

"SO..." ELLA, THE lady who'd deemed herself my personal shopper for the past two hours, pulled the last of the clothes I had picked out from the pile. "He's hot."

I laughed. "Yeah, he's good with a gun too."

She giggled and gave me a saucy grin. "I bet he is."

Wasn't kidding. That was the fun part of walking around with a trained killer; he looked pretty on the outside, but I knew what he was capable of. I knew what all those guys were capable of, and it still gave me chills when I thought about it. How could he hold me throughout the night? Then use those same hands to choke the life out of someone?

I knew firsthand that a lot of the people the mafia hurt were bad people - but some were good, some just fell on bad times, some were just caught in a bad situation.

"I think we have enough here, are you sure you don't need more shoes?" Ella pointed down at the four boxes of shoes. I'd chosen a pair of sparkly flip-flops, some black leather ankle boots, a pair of Converse, and spiky heels that she said I had to have. I hadn't ever worn heels so I wasn't so convinced, but I liked the way they made me feel so I went ahead with it.

"Yeah. I'm good."

"Great." She grinned. "I'll go fetch that man of yours and we can ring you up!"

I followed her out of the dressing room as a few more employees breezed by me and started packing up all the clothes. I hadn't looked at the price tags. After the first one said five hundred dollars for a pair of leather pants that I knew I'd never wear or need, I decided I didn't need to know.

Ax arrived a few minutes later. He looked less tense then before, his eyes crinkled at the side as he took in my new outfit. Ella said I needed to wear one of them out of the store, so she ripped the tags off and left with my Walmart clothes - pretty sure I was never going to see them again.

I had on dark skinny jeans, the flip-flops, a white t-shirt that hung off my shoulder, and a strappy blue tank top underneath. It was simple, easy, and it was comfortable. But Ax looked at me like I'd just put on some sort of cat suit and whipped him.

"You look beautiful," he finally whispered, then kissed me on the forehead. "All ready?" He addressed Ella.

"Of course." She flashed him a winning employee-of-the-month smile. "I tried to grab some pieces she would be comfortable in, but I convinced her to pick out a few skirts and dresses too." She shot me a wink.

"Fantastic."

"So the total..." Her eyebrows arched. "Is four thousand thirty-two dollars and twelve cents."

Ax didn't even blink, just reached for a shiny black AmEx card that had some sort of roman soldier or something on it. All I knew was when he handed it over Ella looked like she was about ready to pass out.

She lifted the card closer to her face and grinned such a wide grin I almost wondered if the card was fake or something.

"Don't think I'm unprofessional..." She swiped the card and handed it back to Axton. "But I didn't think these actually existed."

Ax laughed. "Well I'm glad I could put the urban legend to rest. They exist, but they're a pain in the ass - lots of fees."

"But at the end of the day does it really matter when you have an invite-only card like that?" She shook her head again, her smile still firmly in place.

"Nah." He put the card back in his wallet. "Not really."

"Alright, just need your signature, Mr. Abandonato."

Hearing his last name made my stomach clench.

I was in an expensive store.

With an Abandonato.

And he'd just paid for an entire wardrobe for me - with what I could only assume was blood money.

I was going to be sick.

"Thanks, Ella." He pointed to her nametag. "I really appreciate your help today."

"Any time." She handed over the four large bags to Ax and then gave me the two garment bags. "Enjoy."

I gulped as the heavy bags were placed in my arms and tried to keep the tears in. I should be happy. What girl wouldn't be happy right now? But I felt guilty, like I'd just killed twenty people in order to look cute.

It was unfair of me to put that on Ax. I had no idea where he got his money. All I knew was that the boy I'd once loved was gone. The boy I loved looked like a mechanic; he had grease on his face and used to save his money just so he could order Chinese takeout on the weekends for us.

Had it all been a lie?

Did he have that shiny black card the whole time?

"Ax?"

"Yeah?" He turned to push the door open with his back as we walked outside. "What's up?"

I took a deep breath. "When we were younger... and you worked as a mechanic... and you'd save your money to buy Chinese..."

Ax looked away, grinding his teeth together. "What about it?"

"Did you have money then? Did you just pretend to be poor?"

"Why?"

Annoyance flashed at his delaying tactic. "Just tell me."

When we reached the car he clicked open the trunk and started piling the bags in. When he was done he reached for the garment bags and laid them across the bags and shut the trunk, then leaned against it, his entire body taut.

"What if I don't want to?"

"Then you're basically answering without actually answering... remember? You don't want to start off with a lie."

"I'm an Abandonato." He sighed. "I was born into money, born into privilege..."

My heart sank.

"But I chose not to be a part of the family, I walked away from it. I had nothing. My parents cut both me and Sergio off. When we moved in next door to. You...it was good... for a while. Until my father asked me to do him one favor... he said his life depended on it. I did him a favor." Ax swallowed, his jaw tense. "I gambled and I lost."

"What kind of favor?"

His face shadowed. "One you don't come back from." He cursed and hit the car with both of his palms. I jumped. "He finally had dirt on me... after the problem... was taken care of, I woke up to find my passports, credit cards, enough cash to live on my own... everything. I was eighteen. I kept working at the mechanic shop, but he owned my soul by then Ames. He owned me, and he used it against me, he used you against me."

I reached for his arm. "How?"

He jerked away. "We should get on the road." Swallowing, he turned to me, not making eye contact. "Every cent I made at the mechanic's was for you Amy... you think I'm spending my own money on you, but it's yours. It's always been yours. I invested it for when you turned eighteen. I added in a nest egg as a present, and it's grown into something... amazing. I may have betrayed you but my goal was that you'd never want for anything. It's yours when you turn twenty-four."

"What?" My voice trembled. "What do you mean?"

"Road trip." He hit the car again. "Get in."

"But-"

"Now Amy. I'm done talking about it."

Blinking away the tears, I went to my side of the car and quietly shut the door behind me. As I buckled my seat belt, I tried not to think about his confession. He'd done so much for me, even when I didn't know it. He was taking care of me; in his own twisted way he was taking care of me.

With a heavy sigh, I leaned my head back against the headrest and closed my eyes.

"Sleep," Ax said once he started the car. "I know it's been a rough two days for you. Sleep for a while. I'll wake you up when it's time to feed you lunch."

"Okay," I murmured.

"My favorite part of the day..." His fingers caressed my cheek. "When you close your eyes and you're at peace."

"I would be at peace if you weren't touching me."

"I cause unrest?"

"You cause butterflies."

His gaze played over me for several heartbeats as a smile teased the corners of his mouth. "Good." The car pulled out of the parking lot, roaring at a fast speed. "I hope to catch those butterflies, every last one, and then I'm going to set them free again and again... until you can't take it anymore and even then... I'm going to chase, I'm going to catch, I'm going to release, and then I'll repeat the process."

"You're talking in circles," I mumbled, the butterflies going more wild by the minute.

"Sleep, Ames."

"Okay."

CHAPTER TWELVE

Axton

THREE HOURS WHERE I did nothing but attempt to drive in straight lines while sneaking glances at her peaceful face.

Three hours where I thought about her question.

Three hours where I tried to make up a lie that would shield her from the ugly truth.

Three hours and I finally decided that I'd done enough lying - she needed to know everything. Before we hit Chicago, she needed the truth, it was the least I could do. I'd give her money, find her a place to live, make sure she finished school. Hell if she wanted one of my cars I'd toss her the keys, but she needed to know what I was driving her back to.

Sometimes I wondered what I was driving back to.

The Cosa Nostra wasn't what it used to be. I knew that meant that the older generations were probably ready to start an all out war - I knew as well as Tex or Nixon that you can't just force people to change even if you do wave a gun in front of their faces. And the Sicilians? They hated change.

"Damn it." I ran my fingers through my hair and tugged nervously, I still had a few more days to prepare her. Thoughts ran wild through my head. Should I teach her to shoot? Should I give her a gun? Should I put security detail on her for the rest of her life? Should I even allow myself to be a part of her existence knowing full well I could wake up dead one morning in a pool of my own blood? Then again, I wouldn't really be waking up dead---I'd just be---dead.

"Ax?" Amy mumbled.

"Yeah sweetheart." My voice was gruff, stressed, totally and ridiculously turned on at the same time because her voice sounded sleepy, relaxed, and so damn tempting it was taking all the restraint I had in my body not to pull over.

She yawned and turned to face me, tucking her feet underneath her. "What did you do? What caused your dad to own you?"

I sighed, licking my lips so I had time to think about how I was going to answer her. "Not really a bed time type of story, Ames."

"Not really bed time, Ax."

I let out a hearty chuckle. "Touche."

"So?"

"So..." I exhaled slowly, the air whistling by my lips. "He said he needed me to check on one of my cousins. He was scared something had happened to him because he lost contact. Joey was my favorite cousin, so I didn't even think about it, I just went. I had no idea what I was walking into."

"What happened?"

"It was a meeting." I sighed, clenching the steering wheel tighter. "And not the good kind."

"Meetings are never good." Amy yawned scooted closer, pulling her feet tighter underneath her. "So what happened?"

I didn't want to go there, but if telling her helped her understand just a fraction of what I had dealt with while trying to shield her from the truth... then I'd re-live one of the worst moments of my life.

"Here's the thing..." I croaked out. "When you grow up in a family like mine, you hear about killing so much that it rarely affects you anymore. At least that's what you think." I tapped the steering wheel nervously with my fingers. "You assume that just because your family's badass, that you're badass too. I grew up learning how to fight with the best of them, how to shoot, how to use a knife. I knew how to protect others, I knew how to defend my family, but nobody prepared me for that moment when you watch someone you love... die."

Amy was silent.

"Joey was around my age, set to prove himself to my father. He had one goal. Become a made man at the age of eighteen. He was insane to think it was possible... but unfortunately he'd heard about how Nixon, the boss of the family, had basically been running the Family while his own father sat in the background. A mere kid had basically taken over one of the most powerful names in the US. Rumors spread like wildfire that a new cleansing was coming, a new generation of guys with no souls, willing to kill their own parents, their own freaking grandparents to take control. They were just rumors, rumors spread in order to keep the younger generation from following Nixon and the rest of his friends. But they did nothing, they lit a fire under everyone's ass, made people paranoid, made Joey think he was ready for something I don't think he was ever capable of being ready for."

"Are you?" Amy whispered. "Ready, I mean?"

"Yeah." I nodded. "Though I wish I wasn't. I wish that my life didn't consist of body counts and blood."

"Was he already dead?"

"No," I choked out. "He was at the meeting, but his plan was to double cross my own father - The De Lange family promised to push him through the ranks, to give him power, everything he'd always wanted. All he had to do... was kill me."

"What?" Amy's feet fell to the ground as she leaned forward and touched my arm. "What do you mean?"

"It was a set up. The whole damn thing. My father had people on both sides, knew that Joey was turning into a rat, knew that the De Langes wanted me because I just so happened to be, what? Sixth in line to take over the family? So, naturally, my father sent me in... knowing full well I'd have to kill in order to survive. That's the thing about the mafia - feelings are never part of it, family or no family. My father was testing me - he was giving me a choice. Either die... or follow in his footsteps. My biggest mistake was not wanting to be selfish enough to live." I stole a glance at Amy. "But being selfish enough to live for you."

Tears pooled in her eyes.

I couldn't look at her any longer. I stared at the road, clenching the steering wheel tighter. "I killed him. One gunshot to the head. I killed my favorite cousin so I could live, so I could see you one more day. I sold my soul to the devil so I could wake up to your smile and I never forgave the De Lange family - your family and mine, for putting me in such an impossible position."

"Ax?" Amy's hand found mine. I felt the pressure of her hand, but no warmth, nothing... I was numb. It always made me numb, thinking about what I did to Joey.

My whole life I'd blamed the De Langes, but I was the bastard that pulled the trigger. Suddenly, telling her about my past didn't seem like the best choice I could have made. Pissed at myself, pissed at the situation, and even more pissed that she was trying to comfort me for shooting my own family in cold blood, I jerked my hand away and said, "It's not a big deal."

I couldn't turn my brain off from the image of Joey's face.

"Ax?" he asked holding up his hands. "What are you doing, man?"

"You or me."

"Ax!" he shouted. "We'll find another way."

"No," Mario De Lange whispered. "You really won't. Make your choice."

He was a cold bastard, the De Lange boss. I wanted to point the gun in his direction, almost did so, until Joey lifted his gun into the air, shaking it in my direction.

"I love you, man." Tears streamed down his face.

So that was it.

I knew Joey wasn't a great shot, knew that he always hesitated before shooting because he counted to three. He was a child. It was why he'd never be a made man. I was the same age, but I had no such hesitation as I held up my gun and fired off one shot.

He fell to the ground in a heap.

Mario offered a dark smile and whispered, "Welcome to the Family." Just as my own father appeared out of the shadows and clapped his hands, once, twice. With a sigh he turned on his heel handed Mario a large envelope of cash and said, "It was great doing business with you."

"Consider us even." Mario nodded. "But never for long... not with an Abandonato."

"I do not expect it." My father chuckled, slapping him on the back as if we were at a family barbecue. As if the blood from my cousin's body wasn't creating a trail towards my father's boot.

I said nothing.

When my father offered me the first smile I'd seen on his face since I was three I did nothing.

"Look." My father pointed at Joey's body. "Look at what you did." He shoved his hands in the pockets of his black suit jacket. "It seems you won't be a mechanic your whole life after all - we'll be in touch. Go home, eat, drink, I'll have the men clean it up. After all, it was an accident."

"I killed him," I whispered hoarsely.

"No. You didn't." He shrugged. "The De Langes did, and if you know what's good for you, you'll keep quiet."

It fueled the war between our families.

Mario was too greedy for money to not keep his shady dealings going, he had no idea the ripple effect it would have on our already tumultuous relationship.

But I did.

"Ax?" Amy's hand moved to my shoulder. "Ax, come back, are you okay?"

Clenching my teeth together, I gave a nod and continued driving. Driving I could do. Straight lines, moving forward, slowly accelerating. I could do all those things.

She sighed. "Pull over."

"I'm fine." The lie was easy.

She groaned and leaned forward. "I'm going to puke."

That did it. I quickly checked my rearview mirror and pulled to the side of the road; gravel shot up in all directions along with dust. I put the car in park and pulled my seatbelt off, ready to help her out of the car when she suddenly launched herself at me.

"What the-"

Her lips crushed mine.

I wasn't stupid.

I stole that kiss.

I freaking gripped her shoulders with my hands so tight I let out a moan directly into her mouth. Her seatbelt went flying and then she was in my lap, straddling me, pushing me against the soft leather of the seat.

When Amy pulled back, chest heaving, I couldn't look away. The moment was beautiful; she was beautiful. "I take it you aren't sick?"

"No." She grinned. "But you scared me."

"I was driving fifty in a sixty-five." I said dryly.

"Not the driving." She kissed my mouth again, softer, her tongue lazily dancing across my lips. "The story... you checked out... please don't do that again, not with me, Ax."

"You kissed me."

"Let's focus on the task at hand." Amy gripped my neck with her hands then slid them up my face until I was looking directly at her. "You won't do that to me. Ever."

"I won't," I whispered. "I won't shut you out - never again."

"Good." She brushed another kiss across my lips, her body relaxing in my arms. "Thank you."

"I think you have that backwards... I'm the one getting straddled, shouldn't I be the one giving thanks?"

Her eyes darkened. "I may still be a bit afraid of you, afraid of the Family - okay a lot afraid. But for what you did... when you were eighteen. I know you think about it every day... how could you not? Taking someone's life, someone you love, only to selfishly have air enough to breathe while you stole their very heartbeat."

"Not helping, Ames."

"Let me finish." She swallowed, her eyes filling with tears. "It wasn't selfish. What you did."

I looked away.

"Ax." She gripped my face in her hands again, her nails digging into my cheeks. "What you did was one of the most selfless things a person could do. You didn't just kill him, you lost your own soul in the process - to save mine."

I didn't want her thanks. I didn't want her damn gratitude. What I wanted was to shoot something. To forget how vulnerable it felt to have her sitting on my lap, telling me I wasn't the devil when I knew what I saw in the mirror everyday.

"Now kiss me," she ordered.

"What?"

"Did I stutter?"

"Did you mean to?" I fired back.

"Kiss me." She wiggled on my lap. "Let me taste you... just this once... before we go back to Chicago before... just before. You said all I had to do was ask."

Her eyes were wild, haunted, like she needed assurance I wasn't going to turn her down. Like hell. The want scared me - terrified me. I'd never wanted something so violently before - so much that it consumed every cell in my body, demanded I do something to obtain it.

"Chicago changes nothing," I said.

She smiled sadly. "That's where you're wrong, Ax." Sighing, she lowered her head and softly touched her cheek to mine. "It changes everything."

I kissed her - hard. Maybe a bit too violently, a bit too aggressively. She bit down on my lip and I lost all sense of awareness as my body gave in to what it had been craving ever since she turned sixteen - ever since I became aware of her as a woman.

She could offer me only crumbs for the rest of my existence and it would feel like a meal.

Her mouth was hot, her tongue fought mine, fought for dominance. I jerked her against my body, wishing I could feel her around me - truly feel her. Not have so many damn clothes working against me.

She broke away from my kiss.

My lips traveled down her neck.

Her body arched when my tongue caressed her bare shoulder.

"Stop, Ax."

"No."

"Ax."

I stopped, my body shuddering in response. Closing my eyes tightly, I pulled back. "We have a long drive ahead of us."

"Yeah." She kissed my forehead. "We do."

She stopped me.

The only reason she would stop me was because she wasn't planning on giving me what I was only too willing to give - my all.

I helped her into her seat and pulled the car out of park, my voice was hoarse. "I'm not stupid."

"What?"

"That wasn't a kiss of barely restrained passion, of longing, of desire..."

"No?" Her voice was weak. "Then what was it?"

"Goodbye." My body trembled again. "You were saying goodbye."

Her breath hitched.

"I just wish I knew why."

"No." She leaned against the window. "You really don't."

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Amy

I DIDN'T REMEMBER him being so perceptive. I wasn't stupid. And I really didn't take him for being stupid either. I knew, to an extant, how things worked. He would deliver me to the boss, thinking everything would be okay.

And I would die.

No loose ends.

They didn't do loose ends.

Ax was only doing his job - and in the end I couldn't blame him for wanting to save me. He always did have a hero complex. But he didn't realize by bringing me to the very people I was running from, he'd be dooming me in the process. I had no idea what they wanted with me.

Correction... I had no idea if what I thought they wanted was what they actually wanted.

And if I was right - there was no helping me. So why get more attached? Why allow myself the fairy tale of Ax... when in another twenty-four hours the man I loved could very well be the man to pull the trigger? It would hurt less if there were only two kisses - at least that's what I told myself.

Anyone capable of killing his own cousin would kill me. He wouldn't want to. He would be tortured, maybe try to turn the gun on himself, and then I would have to be brave. I would have to follow through. Because I couldn't let him keep sacrificing for me to live. My life wasn't worth enough - his was.

"Ames..." Ax's voice was low, gravelly... so many memories were attached to that voice. Memories that had my body aching. I wanted his hands on me again. I wanted his mouth everywhere.

"Yeah."

"Nothing bad is going to happen. You know that, right?"

What delusional world did he live in? The mafia showed no mercy.

"Sure."

"Ames."

"Just drive." I forced a smile. "How much longer do we have anyway?"

He laughed. "Uh, try around eight hours and that means we get in around two in the morning."

"Fantastic," I grumbled.

"Hey, at least you don't have to sit next to someone on the plane while they pull their shoes off."

"People do that on planes?"

"Not the ones I go in... then again taking a private jet down to get you would have been a little... extravagant."

"You think?"

His grin was toxic, so beautiful... my chest ached as I reached for his hand. He held it tight, no hesitation.

Then again, he wasn't a man of hesitation.

If he was... he'd be dead.

Eight hours. I had eight hours to hold his hand, to remember his touch, to memorize the lines of his face.

My life used to be defined by the sound of gunshots... and now? It was defined by sand sifting through the hourglass. I was powerless to stop it as it fell through my fingers.

But hey, at least I knew I had time left. Time to be with him. Time to be happy. For the first time in five years I was happy.

And all he was doing was squeezing my hand.

We talked for hours about nothing important. He asked if I still liked Chinese, I asked if he still hated it. We laughed. I didn't cry once. And when my eyes were too heavy to stay open anymore, he kissed my hand and told me to sleep.

I didn't want to sleep.

It was such a waste of the time I had left with him. So I tried to stay awake, but then he started rubbing my arm in slow circles, making me drunk with his touch. Finally, I succumbed to sleep, my head on his shoulder. My breathing matching his.

Life in that moment was perfect.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Axton

IT BOTHERED ME that she was shutting me out. I knew in theory it was because she was afraid. But she had nothing to be afraid of. Did she think so little of me? That I would bring her into the firefight and then just back off if things went to hell?

I pulled up to the large gate and grimaced. I hated our house - our prison. It was huge, mansion huge, with three floors, over thirty bedrooms. Ridiculous, who needed that many bedrooms? Me and Sergio? Not likely.

Then again we did have two other people living with us. The Nicolasi boss, don't even get me started on that end of the story, and Campisi's sister, though I didn't find out about that fun little piece of information until it was too late.

The woman had just moved herself in.

As if there weren't three guys already living there, trying to keep our shit together.

I hadn't even had the great pleasure of staying one night in that monstrosity thanks to my assignment. I wasn't looking forward to the experience.

The gate buzzed open. I drove through and pulled around the front.

Sergio was leaning against the wall.

I wondered in that moment, if it was possible to heal the chasm between us. This one girl had defined our relationship. She was what had forced us both into hiding... and once again pulled us both out of it.

Phoenix De Lange stood next to him.

Just another man I really didn't care to see. Ever.

His mentor had died, leaving him in charge of one of the most powerful families next to mine and Campisi's. It seemed wrong, someone from such a tainted bloodline taking over the Nicolasis. Then again, they weren't exactly Cabbage Patch Kids so maybe it made sense.

There would only be one reason he would be waiting for me.

He wanted to see his cousin.

The one I'd been kissing and yearning for.

Excellent.

I took the safety off my gun - I never said I was stupid.

With restrained enthusiasm, I got out of the car and made my way towards both figures. Amy was asleep in the front seat.

"So..." Sergio smirked. "The prodigal returns, and a day early?"

"Mocking grin." Ah my fingers itched to punch him. "Looks stupid on you, but thanks for the empty compliment."

"Damn." Phoenix rolled his eyes. "You guys are worse than Tex and Chase. Put on your big girl pants and stop acting like idiots. That's an order."

"Not our boss." I damn near sang that happy truth..

"Still own a gun." He slapped me on the back. "How is she?"

"Tired." My entire body was tense. "Freaked out."

"For good reason." He squinted towards the car. It was too dark to see inside, after all it really was two a.m. Black circles lined underneath his eyes as he examined the car for a few brief minutes. His brown hair had recently been cut shorter, to his face, making him look younger than the last time I'd seen him. He still looked like hell, just a younger version of it. He'd looked like hell when he'd moved in a week ago-and the shorter haircut didn't help him look any less haunted.

"So..." I pursed my lips. "She stays here, right?"

"Your room," Phoenix said slowly. "Bring her to your room, guard her, make sure she's happy. If I hear as much as a scream I'm shooting you in the thigh so you remember your place."

"My place," I said through grit teeth, "Is not in your family, Phoenix."

"That's where you're wrong." His smile was too confident...too knowing. "So, very, very, wrong." With a shake of his head he slapped me on the back. "But it's too late to talk business. Go to bed... there's always tomorrow."

"Is there?" I snorted.

He paused, his gaze calculating. "If I say no, will you leave? Steal her away? Go into hiding? Say I threaten to kill you... kill you for loving her. Would you leave?"

"No." I said, a bit pissed off he would even ask. "I would never run."

"Exactly," he snapped. "My point exactly."

He went back in the house leaving me more confused than before. Sergio was staring down at the ground.

"Mind telling me what that was about?"

"So much drama in the families now... so much testosterone, kind of chokes a man."

"So find a woman."

"Hah." He glanced down at the ground, face tense. "I did... she didn't want me."

I opened my mouth to say something - anything. But saying something would most likely make it worse. I couldn't say sorry because in the end it was best that he keep himself far away from Mo Abandonato. The woman he'd loved most of his life - loved from a distance, and now the wife to our leader. The wife to the Cappo. Yeah, life was rarely fair in our line of work.

And that's what bothered me.

"Take her upstairs," Sergio barked. "I'll see you two in a few hours, get some sleep you look like hell."

"I look better than Phoenix."

"A corpse looks better than Phoenix." He waved me off and went back into the house. With a sigh I made my way back to the car and opened the door, pulling Amy into my arms.

"Where are we?" she whispered, her head against my chest.

"Home." I kissed her forehead. "We're home."

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Amy

I WAS SO WARM and comfortable I didn't want to open my eyes. Instead, I snuggled back further into the warmth and let out a happy sigh. Then, I did it again, trying to burrow my body.

"Do that again and we're going to have a problem," Ax's hoarse voice whispered in my ear. "Then again, I'm a fan of that particular problem so yeah, go ahead, move all you want."

Embarrassed, I froze.

"I know you're awake Amy."

Swear my heart thudded so loudly against my chest people from the UK could hear it.

"Ames..." Ax's lips found my ear. I gasped when he licked and then kissed a trail down my neck. "Mmm... you taste good."

I tried to pull away from his arms.

Yeah, tried and failed, he was too strong and I was too weak. I wanted to be exactly where I was. Safe. Unafraid.

"Where are we again?" I asked, trying to look around the dimly lit room without moving.

"My house." He said softly, still kissing my neck. "My room."

"It's... big."

"Abandonatos don't do small... in any way."

"Oh." I breathed.

His hands moved down my waist, slowly lifting my shirt. "I want you."

"No."

"Yes."

"No."

"Ames... I can do this all day long. I just want you to know, I want you now. I'll want you later. I'll dream about you tonight, and I'm not going to stop until you're mine. You can fight it all you want. Try running away. I'll spend my life finding you. Try your damndest to shut me out - I'll just push until you can't take it anymore. I don't know what's going on in that pretty little head of yours. I don't know why you'd say goodbye when this is just the beginning of our lives together. I let you go once, I'll be damned if I'm going to do it again."

What could I say? What could I possibly say to all of that? To the words I'd longed to hear for over five years? Thanks but no thanks? I was officially stuck. Because I knew, he was serious.

Dead serious.

If I ran, it would just put him in more jeopardy.

If I stayed... well... I had no choice but to stay, and face the jury, the judge, and the executioner.

My body tensed.

"I love you," Ax whispered in my ear. "I will always love you."

"Shouldn't that mean you should put my needs above your own?" I asked in a small voice. "What if I want to go?"

"You don't know what the hell you want, Amy," he fired back. "And even if you did, I wouldn't be stupid enough to give it to you, at least not when you're in the dark, without knowing the facts. You're afraid of the unknown, stop trying to figure everything out and just trust me."

"Trust?" I repeated. "The mafia?"

"Yeah."

"You're insane."

"Or just brilliant."

"I choose insane."

"Choose whatever makes you sleep better at night - but know this. You're mine and it's going to take a lot more than you being afraid of things that go bump in the night, for me to let you go."

"Did you even sleep last night?" I countered, turning on my side to face him. "Or did you just plot my kidnapping."

"Of course I slept." He rolled his eyes. "And plotted. I'm a multi-tasker."

I fought extremely hard not to smile at his ridiculously smug look.

"Smile." He kissed my mouth roughly. "You know you want to."

"How do you know what I want?"

Wrong thing to ask.

His eyes darkened as he pulled me flush against his body, his lips found my neck, tasting my pulse. "That right there, tells me, you want this so bad you can barely think straight."

"Cheater."

"When I want something..." He pulled back. "Absolutely. Now as much as I'd like to sit in bed with you all day, it's time to meet the guys."

"Guys," I repeated, my stomach doing somersaults. "What guys?"

"The guys... the men..." He sighed. "The bosses."

Air whooshed out of my lungs. "Are they going to have guns?"

"Yes." His eyes narrowed. "For protection, not because they're going to be trained on you."

"But I'm a De Lange."

"So is Phoenix." He scowled. "And now he's the freaking owner a few multi-million dollar companies, several overseas accounts, an old car collection, oh right and he has the ear of the Cappo. Your last name doesn't mean shit anymore."

"How can you be so sure?"

"Because Nixon still lets Phoenix walk around without a limp - that alone tells me all I need to know."

"Huh?"

"Don't worry about it." He sighed. "Pick out something comfortable and meet me downstairs in a half hour. I'll have breakfast waiting."

"And the - the guys..."

"Will be here within the hour, so I'd hurry."

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Axton

LEAVING HER IN BED. Alone. Was hard. I wanted to turn on my heel and push her against the nearest wall - naked.

Yeah wrong thing to think of as I made my way downstairs and into the huge, obscene dining room with windows lining one entire wall.

Again, we didn't do small.

Breakfast was already set out.

Phoenix was drinking coffee and arranging food on his plate - bland food, because apparently he wasn't allowed to enjoy life anymore - or salt for that matter.

Bee, Campisi's sister, was right next to Phoenix, leaning towards him, most likely putting him through hell if his grimace was any indication. She was a handful, a gorgeous handful I wanted no contact with. We'd introduced ourselves and that was it. I knew her name; she knew mine. Done.

She was Phoenix's burden.

Sergio was at the head of the table reading the newspaper.

"Morning," I barked strolling into the room.

Bee smiled brightly.

Phoenix grunted and scooted away from her. She just followed. I had half a mind to feel sorry for him. His eyes were pleading when they met mine.

Fine. "Hey Bee." I cleared my throat. "I heard you make some killer espresso?"

She beamed. "All those years in Sicily."

"Care to make me one?" I winked. "Sorry it's just been a really long night and I've been missing my coffee."

"Sure!" She bounced up from her chair and made her way into the kitchen. When I knew the coast was clear I flashed my middle finger to Phoenix.

"Don't even care that you just flipped me off." He shook his head. "Thank you, seriously. Thank you."

"She's just a girl."

"No." He laughed without humor. "She's not. If she was just a girl I wouldn't be tempted to fall on my own knife."

"De Langes," I taunted. "So dramatic."

He gave me the middle finger back. Nice.

"The guys will be here soon." Sergio set down the newspaper. His dark hair was pulled back into a tight ponytail. I always wondered why he grew it out, made him look like... a girl. He had too fine of features, at least to me he did, what the hell did he want to look like? A fairy-tale prince? Because he was totally channeling charming.

"What?" He squinted.

"Nice hair."

And more middle fingers.

I smirked and took a seat, piling my plate with food, just as Amy made her way into the room.

She cleared her throat.

I damn near fell out of my chair.

Why she'd chosen to wear black skinny jeans, heels, and a killer tight t-shirt, I had no clue but damn she looked better than breakfast.

Sergio spit out his coffee onto the newspaper while Phoenix hid a grin and then flashed me a knowing smile.

What the hell was that supposed to mean?

"Amy," Sergio croaked out. "As beautiful as ever."

"Sergio," she said through clenched teeth. "Once a liar, always a liar. Good to see you."

His smile fell as his eyes narrowed. Good job, Ames, way-ta poke the bear.

Phoenix, still smiling, glanced at Amy. "Hey cousin."

"C-cousin?" Her eyebrows furrowed. "You?"

"I know, I know, I look like hell, don't ask why, and try not to deny it. Just pisses me off more. Yeah, cousins, first cousins, haven't seen you since you were carted away to foster care though."

Amy swallowed and folded her hands in front of her. "I don't remember you."

"Yeah well, that makes two of us." Phoenix grimaced. "I was a different guy then. You hungry?"

"Yeah." She touched her stomach. "Starving, Ax didn't feed me once."

I shot Amy a glare. "Tell them you're kidding before Phoenix impales me with a knife."

Her look was innocent.

"Ames..."

"I can do this all day, Ax..." her smile grew.

I exhaled and shook my head at Phoenix. "I fed her well, swear."

"Sure you did..." Phoenix leaned back in his chair. "Her lips look a bit swollen, don't you think, Sergio?"

"Hmm." Sergio looked up and shrugged. "Seems Ax can't keep his hands to himself, even when he's told to."

I reached for the eggs, ignoring their prodding.

"I kissed him," Amy blurted.

The spoon clattered out of my hand as Phoenix and Sergio's sudden swearing filled the room.

"He tried pushing me away..." She reached for a cup of coffee and brought it to her lips. "But you know men... weak."

Phoenix burst out laughing. While Sergio just went back to the newspaper.

I looked to Phoenix to see if he'd kill me, seriously, but all he did was shake his head and say. "I'm going to enjoy this so much."

His smile fell just as quick as it appeared when Bee entered the room with a cup of espresso for me. When her eyes fell on Amy she clapped her hands together.

"Another girl!"

"Yay," Sergio said dryly. "Let's throw a party."

Bee glared in his direction then stuck out her tongue. "Ignore him," she said turning back to Amy. "He's just grumpy because no one will sleep with him."

Phoenix choked on his coffee this time and I just groaned into my hands.

"It's like a house of horrors," Phoenix said under his breath. "You've been warned."

"They're here," Sergio announced jumping up to his feet.

"Who?" Bee asked.

"The guys."

"The guys," Amy repeated.

Phoenix rubbed his hands together. "This should be interesting..."

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Amy

THE WINDOW FACED the driveway and part of the rose garden in front of the house. I watched in absolute terror as four cars pulled in.

A black Range Rover.

A black Mercedes.

A red Ashton Martin.

A black Ferrari.

I almost swallowed my tongue whole. I walked slowly towards the window, watching in rapt fascination as the cars all parked.

Slow motion. That's what I was experiencing for the first time in my life. I waited and waited for the guys to emerge from the expensive cars.

The door to the Range Rover opened.

A guy with a white t-shirt stepped out. The first thing I noticed? The tattoos lining his very buff looking arms. The second thing? The guns strapped to his chest. His hair was pitch black, falling haphazardly across his face. He pulled off his aviators and glanced at the house, then flashed a smile so beautiful I nearly stumbled back into the breakfast bar.

"Nixon," Ax whispered behind me. "My boss."

"He's..."

"Young," Ax finished for me. "Started taking over operations at eighteen, owns the whole damn world, shoots first, asks questions later. If ever."

I nodded.

The door to the Ferrari opened, and a similar looking guy got out. His smile was huge - so were his biceps. He had tattoos on his arms too, but wore a long sleeve gray shirt, pushed up across his forearms. His hair was shorter than Nixon's, his body a bit leaner, but he was... more than nice looking. Try... just... I had no words.

"Chase Abandonato," Ax whispered. "Husband to-"

A gorgeous woman got out of the driver's side and smacked Chase on the chest, then kissed him full on the mouth. She was wearing tight leather pants, black heels, and a blue shirt that hung loosely off her shoulders. A white and black fedora was on her head, and she was packing.

More than Chase.

What?

"Mil De Lange." This time Phoenix stepped up next to us. "My sister. And Chase's wife."

The door to the Ashton Martin opened.

A guy I could only describe as a giant got out of the car and slammed the door. My breath hitched.

"He has that effect on women." Ax laughed softly in my ear, as he pulled me back against his body. "That... is Tex Campisi, the Cappo."

"He looks like he could break me in half," I mumbled under my breath.

"He could," Ax said not so reassuringly. "But he won't. Shot his father in the chest more times than necessary, and he's married to Nixon's sister, Mo."

The more information they fed me, the more terrified I became. The power that radiated off those guys from the freaking parking lot had me ready to pass out.

No more. Please let there be no more.

Then another door opened.

An elderly gentleman emerged from the Mercedes and straightened the collar to his suit, then popped his knuckles. He joined the men and patted Nixon on the back twice before whispering in his ear.

"Alfero," Ax said from behind me. "The eldest of the bosses, and most respected ever since Luca's death."

"Luca?" I asked.

"Nicolasi," Phoenix added. "My mentor, the guy who saved my life, the family who I'd die to protect. He died a month ago, things have been... hard since then."

I gave him what I hoped was a sympathetic look. He merely met my gaze with a cold one of his own before cursing under his breath and walking away.

"Don't worry about him," Ax said in a calm voice. "He's still dealing with shit."

All of the daunting figures made their way towards the house. For some reason I felt like arming myself, like grabbing a knife or something.

Ax reached for my hand.

I gripped it so tightly I was afraid I was going to break every single tiny bone in my fingers.

The door opened.

Laughter followed.

Sweat made my hand clammy as I waited for them to come into the room. I waited, and waited. The laughter got louder.

I started praying.

And clenched Ax's hand tighter.

I saw Nixon first, and then Tex.

The rest followed.

All eyes were on me. The room was silent as death. Was I supposed to say something? Bow? Cry?

"So." Tex, the giant, took a step toward me, he flashed a bright smile. "We finally meet."

My knees knocked together.

"Shit, could you not scare every guest we have?" Phoenix mumbled from across the room.

Tex rolled his eyes and kept approaching. Like a lion does to its prey. He could kill me with his bare hands.

Why did I feel like that was exactly what he was going to do?

Ax released my hand.

Traitor!

Tex gripped the hand that Ax released and then gripped the other. Without hesitation he leaned forward and kissed both my cheeks, then whispered in my ear. "Welcome home."

I collapsed, but Tex's arms were strong enough to kill, so yeah he quickly helped me to a chair.

"What the hell, Tex!" Chase shouted.

Tex rolled his eyes and held up his hand. "Two kisses on the cheek, imagine what happens when I kiss Mo on the mouth and-"

"And what?" Nixon asked in a calm detached voice. "No seriously, Tex. Keep talking, I've been itching to pull a trigger for days."

"Sex," Chase said in a helpful voice. "It's called sex, keeps the trigger happy-er... happy."

Mil rolled her eyes and pushed through the guys. "Ignore them... swear we let them out at least three times a day for walks and they still get fidgety."

"My walk was only ten minutes." Tex grinned. "Just saying."

"Weird, mine was two hours." Chase winked in my direction. "Hey Phoenix, ask what we did. Ask, ask!"

"Huh?" I finally found my voice. "Are you guys talking about what I think you're talking about?"

"Like I said-" Mil pulled out a chair and sat next to me. "-ignore them. Now, how was your trip up here, uneventful I hope?"

"Er... yeah." I nodded, lying. "Totally uneventful."

"No body count?" Chase shook his head in Ax's direction. "You losing your touch, man?"

"Tickle me and we'll see." Ax said in a bored tone.

"Don't tempt me. I stole a feather from Tex's bed."

"I shake in fear."

"Boys!" Mil rolled her eyes. "If you're going to bicker at least take it into the kitchen."

They winked at me, making me feel... relaxed.

"So?" Mil asked. "Anything else?"

"You're the De Lange boss?" I asked instead of telling her information about me and Ax.

She smiled warmly. "Yeah, kind of badass right?"

"You're a girl."

"I think I speak for men everywhere when I say I appreciate that," Chase interjected.

Phoenix groaned from the side of the room.

"Have you heard from your father?" Mil leaned forward. "Or your brother?"

"No and no." I swallowed nervously; after all my brother was most likely dead-dead people couldn't talk. "I haven't had any contact with my so called family since they abandoned me five years ago."

"Good. This will make it so much easier." Mil stood and looked to Tex. "I think it's best we stick with the original plan."

"Right." He pulled out his cell phone and walked out of the room.

"Um, plan?" I squeaked.

"Bait." Mil grinned. "We need something to drive them out..."

"Wait." Ax held up his hand. "I thought you said she had something you guys needed?"

"She does." Mil's smile was deadly. "A heartbeat."

"That's what I was afraid of." I mumbled.

"Like hell!" Ax roared. "You can't put her in the line of fire! Not after I just got her back."

Nixon moved to the center of the room. "She won't get hurt."

"How do you know that?" Ax spat. "Is there some sort of mafia guarantee she won't get grazed by a bullet?"

"You want her alive, right?" Nixon said smoothly. "Then we need to take out the only two people that want her dead."

"Why?" I shook my head. "It makes no sense. Why would they care if I live or if I die?"

Nixon's cold eyes met mine. I squirmed in my seat, uncomfortable with how much he saw, or how much it felt like he saw when he stared right through me. "De Lange started a rumor a while back that he left you with something... precious, something that would change the family forever."

"All he left me were bruises," I whispered.

Ax moved to my side and put his hand on my shoulder.

"It was meant to drive your father insane, insane enough to mess up and show himself. Instead, he went into hiding. It wasn't until Mario De Lange died that your father started getting obsessed again. Desperate for money, considering no family would work with him, he started searching for you. And that's where Ax came in. Had we known your living conditions were... dire-" His eyebrows lifted. "-we would have reached you sooner, but a certain someone-" His gaze met Ax. "-said you wanted no part of this lifestyle, so we left you alone until it was no longer safe to do so."

"Ironic," I whispered. "When you're safer with the mafia than on the streets."

"Not ironic." Nixon smirked. "Do you even know how the mafia started? Lacking a bit of a history lesson are we? It was for protection... it was for... exactly what we're offering you."

"But I need to do you guys a favor to obtain said protection."

"Right." Nixon nodded. "But this favor... will be over before it even starts. We'll put an end to your father and brother."

"My brother?" I parroted. "He's alive?"

"Somewhat." Nixon cringed. "A bit brainwashed, worse for the wear, but alive."

"He's nineteen," I said slowly. "A kid, you can't just kill a kid."

"Actually," Tex said coming back into the room. "We can and we will. It's called war, sweetheart. He may be a kid but he's still got a gun and I think any soldier will tell you urban warfare is the scariest kind. A nineteen-year-old with a gun is unpredictable. I'd rather deal with five men then one nineteen-year-old who thinks he's got something to prove."

I looked away from all of them, barely feeling Ax's hand on my shoulder. Mil was still sitting next to me; everyone was silent.

"So..." I said in a hollow voice. "What do I have to do?"

"That," Phoenix piped up, "Is the easy part."

I snapped my head in his direction. Why was his smile so big? Wait, why was everyone smiling? Confused I waited for someone to clarify why me walking into the firefight was something to grin about.

"I love weddings." Tex's smile grew to gigantic proportions as his eyes left mine and met the person standing to my left. Ax.

"Pardon?" Ax said, his voice cracking.

"Weddings." Tex nodded. "Way more fun than funerals."

"Vin's funeral kicked ass," Chase pointed out.

"True, because he was ninety and still carted a semi-automatic in his old truck. Not the point though, the point is, I'm going to look forward to this."

I stood and crossed my arms, still terrified, but more angry that they were expecting me to read their minds. "What are you talking about?"

"Alliances. It's how we control bloodlines." Nixon looked between me and Ax. "Say hello to your fiance."

Ax's hand fell from my shoulder.

I trembled in the chair.

Nixon rubbed his hands together. "You're a De Lange." He looked to Mil, "No offense."

"None taken!" She held up her hands.

"The one thing your father always wanted-" Nixon tilted his head. "-was to be a made man in an important family. Guaranteed, he's going to catch wind of you marrying into our family... guaranteed he'll try to come to the wedding and claim what's rightfully his - you. Guaranteed I'll put a bullet-size hole in his body before you say I do."

"And if you miss?"

Everyone burst out laughing. Nixon's eyes narrowed as he took two steps towards me and whispered in a harsh tone, "Do I look like I ever miss my target?"

"No."

"Add the sir in there, gets him all excited." Tex nodded encouragingly while Nixon rolled his eyes.

"Don't call him sir," Ax said from beside me. "It's like pouring gasoline on an open flame."

Nixon's eyes snapped to Ax's. "Shouldn't you be ring shopping?"

"Right, forgive me for not already being prepared... sir."

Nixon bristled.

"Told ya he gets excited." Tex laughed.

"What if I don't want to get married?" I clenched my hands together, my heart wasn't sure if it should be breaking or soaring. Ax was all I'd ever wanted... but I wanted him on my terms. I wanted him to want me, to propose to me, to say he loved me so much he couldn't live without me. Not like this. I didn't want him like this.

"Tough." Chase shrugged. "We do what we do for the Family. You aren't allowed an opinion, not when it puts every single one of us in danger, not when we're doing our damndest to save your life. Got it?"

Whoa. And Chase officially just got scarier than Nixon.

"Okay." I hung my head. "I'll do it."

"See, Nixon?" Chase said loudly. "You didn't even need to point a gun at her."

"Not now, Chase." Ax reached for my hand, but I jerked away from him. Had he known the whole time? Had he been playing me? Making me believe he would protect me? Protect my heart? When he was just planning on breaking it all over again?

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Axton

THE GUYS LEFT.

The minute they walked out of the house I wordlessly pushed past Phoenix, grabbed Sergio's gun off the table, and made my way outside to the field by our house.

I fired the first target. Bang. It hit dead center.

I fired the second. Bang.

I didn't feel better.

I fired again and again and again.

I fired until I had no more ammo. Stupid gun. I dropped it onto the ground and followed suit, hanging my head in my hands as I listened to the music of the cows in the nearby pasture. We lived away from society, away from the city. One could almost believe our family was normal. A normal mansion on a normal piece of land with normal cows.

Hell, the cows were even a cover.

Killers didn't keep cows alive. Right?

"Hey." Sergio dropped down next to me on the grass. "You alright?"

I grunted in response.

"There are worse things."

"Seriously?" I turned and leveled him with a glare. "That's your brotherly advice? There are worse things? I love that girl! I freaking love her!" My shout scared the cows closest to us making them run in the opposite direction. "I love her!"

"You think I don't know that?" he said in a low voice. "You think I don't realize the extent you would go to save her? To be a part of her life?"

"Then why the hell would you say that?"

"They offered me the job." Sergio scowled. "Apparently Nixon thought it would cheer me up after Mo married Tex. Go find the long lost girl and marry her, make things right."

My heart damn near stopped beating as I fought for air.

"Guess what I said."

I looked away.

Sergio kept talking. "I said unrequited love isn't really my thing... Mo didn't love me... Amy could never love me and although I'm pretty sure everyone in my life thinks I'm a cold heartless bastard, I think I deserve that... love. I deserve to have a girl look at me the way Amy looks at you. The way Mo looks at Tex. I deserve it, Ax. And so do you. Like I said, there are worse things."

"That's why you pulled me out of hiding? To marry her?"

"Right." Sergio smirked. "But knowing you I couldn't just say, hey by the way save her life, rescue her, woo her, and then marry her to keep her alive. You would have laughed in my face, or worse punked out and run."

"I don't run."

"No." Sergio tilted his head. "You hide."

"Excuse me?" I pushed to my feet; he followed. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

"I messed up." Sergio shrugged. "It was a long time ago, I was scared, but you used that one moment in our lives to define the rest of our relationship. That one moment defined your future and you just let it. You just... gave up."

I looked down at the grass.

"I was afraid you'd do the same thing if I told you the whole truth."

"That wasn't your call to make," I grumbled.

"Actually..." Sergio sighed loudly. "As your older brother it kind of was, it kind of is. Going through life... eating but not tasting food. Waking up only to go through the motions, that's not life. And that's exactly what you were doing. Mourning her loss every day, blaming yourself every hour, hating me every minute."

Sergio fell silent then turned on his heel, but not before having one last word. "I did you a favor. Don't let me down."

"You suck at pep talks." I winced as I felt a headache coming on. "But as a brother... you're not awful."

"Nicest thing anyone's said to me." He chuckled and walked off.

Leaving me alone with the cows and a useless gun. I didn't know what to say to Amy to fix it. I told her I was going to fight for her, but how do you fight against someone's insecurities? I knew she would assume that I had it planned all along. The last thing I wanted to do was make her feel trapped, but marriage? Damn, it sounded good. Anything with her sounded good.

I glanced back at the house. I had to find her, kiss her, make her stay.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Amy

"HOW ARE YOU holding up?" Phoenix sat down next to me on the large white leather couch and handed me the remote. Apparently staring at a blank TV was frowned upon in that house. I pressed the On button and looked back down at my hands.

"Football. Nice. Who's your team?"

"Huh?" I looked up at the screen. "My team?"

"You turn on ESPN you sure as hell better have a football team."

"Uh..." I wracked my brain trying to think of a team. "Blue Jays?"

"Baseball, try again."

"Bulls?"

"Basketball."

"Ants?"

He laughed. He was really good looking when he smiled. Less haunted, more human. "Now you're just making shit up."

"I don't watch TV."

"No sports, no TV, what did you do to entertain yourself?"

What was with the sudden twenty questions? I squirmed in my seat and shrugged.

"Total first grade answer, the shoulder shrug. Sergio says more words to me and I'm pretty sure he dreams nightly about what it would feel like to knife me in the back, so try again, doll."

"Doll?"

"I'm an old soul." He looked heavenward and winced. "So... did you read books?"

"I read textbooks."

"Like the dictionary?"

"Yeah I like big words."

"Was that a joke?" He smiled wider and reached for me, slowly tilting my chin towards him so we were face to face. "It will get better you know."

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"The pain." He didn't release my chin, didn't allow me to avert my eyes, just kept talking in low soothing tones. "One day you'll wake up... and you won't hear your parents screaming. You won't flinch when you hear glass breaking. You won't duck when someone puts their arm around you." He released my chin and placed his hand on my shoulder. "Like I said, it gets better. Those people, the ones who were just in this room stomping around and waving guns? They're a real family. It's hard sometimes, when you come from violence, to understand the difference between protection and violence. What they do is protect. They don't shoot because it's the first option. They shoot because it's the only option. Get it?"

I nodded, slowly. Still a bit confused. "But you guys kill people. Ax almost died because of it."

"Look." Phoenix sighed. "I'm not saying we're perfect, God knows the De Langes are seriously damned to Hell, all of us." His face shadowed. "But we're trying to do better. Mil's picked up the family and she's done a hell of a job. What happened to Ax should have never happened. What happened to you should have never happened. The innocent-" His voice cracked. "-should always stay innocent." His entire face went tight, his jaw cracked as he clenched and unclenched it.

"What happened? To you?"

Phoenix looked away. "I died and was reborn." His eyes met mine briefly. "Any other part of the story isn't something I ever want you to hear from my mouth. I don't want to be the reason you're afraid of us, and believe me when I say my story... isn't one that you should ever have to hear."

"And if I want to?"

"Football." Phoenix turned up the volume, ending our conversation. "One thing you should know. All men love football. Pick a team, wear the colors, chant their name, and be sure it's not Ax's team, it will piss him off."

"What will piss me off?" Ax said coming into the room.

"That's my cue." Phoenix stood. "Play nice, children."

Ax rolled his eyes as Phoenix brushed past him. When his gaze met mine, I immediately looked away. What was I supposed to say? What was I supposed to do? Or was it him? Was it his job to start the conversation?

I braced myself for a speech, a really long Ax type speech. Instead, he held out his hand and said. "Take a walk with me."

With blind trust - a blind trust I'd had since Ax had promised to be my best friend forever - I grabbed his hand and didn't let go. He led me outside and around the back of the house.

To a field.

We were staring at a field.

"What do you see?" he asked, not releasing my hand, but running his thumb slowly over my skin, causing goose bumps to erupt across my flesh.

I swallowed and found my voice. "Cows."

He nodded and kept caressing my hand. Tears stung my eyes as I tried to fight all the emotions swelling within me. My world was changed - altered. It was suddenly so foreign I wasn't sure where I fit anymore. Before I was trying to survive, get through another day, make who I thought was dead, proud of me.

And now I was facing every single dream I'd ever had head on. But the story hadn't exactly followed a natural order, then again there was nothing natural about the Abandonato family.

"What do you see?" I finally asked, breaking the silence between us.

"Anything and everything." Ax sighed. I glanced at him out of the corner of my eye, his jaw was flexed, but his eyes, they looked... relaxed as if he really was staring at something off in the distance, whatever that something was, it brought him peace, you could just tell. "But most of all." He turned to face me. "I see you."

"In a field?" I stepped back; he stepped forward. There was no fighting it, so I stayed put when he finally wrapped his arms around my body and crushed me against his hard chest.

"I see you everywhere," Ax whispered, his breath tickling my face. "I see you in the fields, in the sky, in a stranger's laughter. I see you - but most of all - I see us, Ames. I see us holding hands, not a year from now, twenty years from now. I've lived my whole life waiting... waiting for the right moment to be with you. You've always been my somebody - the person I'd die for, the person I'd live for, the person I look for. It's always been you. So marriage? It was coming. Fight it all you want, but there is no chance in hell I'm letting you go. Ever. You run, I chase. You cry. I fix. You fight. I take the punches. Try your damndest to push me away, try me, Ames. I wouldn't blame you if you did, but it would sure save a hell of a lot of energy if you just gave in."

"You want me to give in?" My heart was beating so fast it was hard to breathe. "Give in to what?"

His smile was breathtaking, all white teeth and full lips. "Me."

"I don't like forfeiting."

"I think of it as more of a win/win. I love you forever and you just love me back... honestly even if you didn't love me back I still wouldn't go away. I'm annoying like that. Stay... Ames... stay with me."

My vision blurred with tears as Ax shifted away from me and dropped to his knees. "Marry me."

I couldn't speak.

I wanted to.

Nothing came out of my mouth.

Ax reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out my stuffed lamb, the small ugly thing he'd given me when I was little. My most prized possession.

"A ring-" he held the lamb up. "-would look cheap, next to something you hold so dear." His voice cracked. "Let me take care of you... Let me love you, Ames. Please... I can't live without you. I don't think I'm capable of living through that type of hell again."

"Are you proposing to me with a stuffed animal?" I laughed as tears streamed down my cheeks.

He flicked a glance at the toy then met my eyes wearing a silly grin. "Yeah."

"Just checking." I let out a cross between a laugh and a sob then tackled him to the ground, our mouths collided, the lamb was thrown to the side, no longer as important as it was before - I had the real thing. The giver of my favorite gift. I had Ax.

"I love you so much, Ames." He kissed my tears away, kissed my eyelids, his warm lips slid over mine, his tongue pushed into my mouth. He increased the pressure of the kiss changing it from urgency to passion, desire, everything I've ever wanted in life - from the only man who was ever capable of giving it.

"I love you too," I said against his lips, not wanting to pull away, for fear he would disappear and this would all be a dream, a weird, blockbuster mafia style dream. "With everything I have."

"I just want you to love me with something - I don't even need everything Ames - but I'll take it just the same."

CHAPTER TWENTY

Axton

WE DECIDED TO plan the wedding for that coming weekend. That gave the guys enough time to spread the word and get the rest of the families ready for what Nixon had still tried to convince us would be "no big deal."

Right.

Shooting two people at a wedding, what? Made it a party?

"Hey." I knocked on Amy's door and let myself in.

She gasped, and held the towel - all she was wearing - tighter around her body. "By all means, come right on in."

"Thanks." I grinned suggestively. "Don't let me keep you from getting dressed... I'm a patient man, I can wait."

Her eyebrows arched. "Something you need, Ax?"

I wet my lips with my tongue as I allowed my eyes to wander over the goods. When her breathing visibly quickened, I pursed my lips and sent her an air kiss. "Need, want, desire. Take your pick."

She trembled as she murmured in a breathy voice, "I'm going to be late."

"So be late." I moved towards the door and turned the lock then leaned against it. "I'm sure the girls will understand if you and I need to go over... more details."

"Details?" Her laugh was deep, sexy as hell. "So that's why you barged in, you want to go over details?"

"Sure?" I tilted my head to get a better view of her killer legs. "Long legs, short towel... remind me to stop buying you clothes. I like you better this way."

"Ax." Her cheeks blossomed with color. She took a step back and looked away. "Seriously I should go."

I made my way towards her. She scrambled back more. Confused, I paused and held my hands up. "Talk to me, what's got you all flushed and nervous?"

"Y-you," she clenched the towel tighter around her body. I tilted my head again, maybe if I just fell to my knees and begged?

"Me?"

Amy nodded once and then turned bright red. "I um... don't have experience."

"With weddings?" I narrowed my eyes in suspicion.

"Well yeah that too but... with..." She swallowed and blushed even redder. Damn the color looked good on her.

"I know I'm brilliant, but I'm not a mind reader."

Amy kept one hand over the towel, her knuckles turning white, and then put her other hand over her face. "I'm a virgin."

I barked out a laugh of relief.

"Out." She pointed to the door. "Forget this happened, never mind, just, just go." Tears filled her eyes.

I didn't budge. The smile fell from my face. "Is that why you're so worked up?"

A single tear slid down her cheek before she could stop it.

"Ames, come here."

"No." She shook her head. "I'll be late and-"

I gripped her elbow, slamming her body into mine. "Look at me."

Her eyes were zeroed in on my chin.

"In the eyes."

Slowly, her head lifted, her eyes were still watery, uncertain.

"I'd take you any way I can get you Amy, you know that... regardless of your sexual experience. You're mine. All mine. In fact, I think we're both lucky you're a virgin. Now I won't have to go kill any other guy who dared put his hands on you. And don't doubt me, I know the other guys have had similar thoughts about their women and I'm pretty sure Tex tried to follow through on it - three times before Nixon stopped him. Just think - your virginity just saved a life."

Amy's lips moved, but she bit down on them.

"Aw, were you gonna smile, baby? Come on, one smile, just for me."

With a huff she smiled and my world was complete.

"I love you." I touched my forehead to hers. "You don't need to be embarrassed or afraid... it's me... your best friend. Not a stranger. We'll go as slow as you need to, alright?"

Her blush wasn't as bright as she nodded her head then kissed me softly on the mouth. Her taste was so sweet, I wasn't sure I'd ever get enough of it. With a groan I pulled back. "Right, and if you really want me to keep my promise of not letting you be late for your little spa appointment with the wives then you shouldn't kiss me like that."

She kissed me again, harder.

I moaned again, flattening my hands against her chest, ready to push her away and then her tongue flicked mine.

And waiting suddenly seemed like such a dirty, horrible, awful word. Whoever invented it should be shot, along with whoever invented towels, or clothes for that matter.

Her body was warm, still a bit damp from the shower. I slid my hands down her arms as I deepened the kiss.

A knock sounded at the door.

"Go away." I broke from our kiss long enough to say two words then dove my hands into her hair, crushing my mouth against hers.

The knock got louder.

"Wasn't kidding," I yelled. Amy reached for my shirt, tugging me back to her. Fingernails grazed my skin. I shivered and flipped her around, pushing her against the door.

"Guys!" It was Phoenix. "The girls are all downstairs waiting and we all know what happens when the wives wait."

I broke the kiss.

Amy giggled.

They made Phoenix's life a living hell, that's what. They liked to pester him, mainly because he'd been like a corpse the past few weeks and they were trying to bring back his good humor. It did the exact opposite, but whatever.

"He's suffering." Amy stepped back.

"Good, let him suffer." I growled reaching for her arm, but grabbing the towel instead. It fell to the floor.

My eyes stayed glued to her body.

Amy's widened with horror and then amusement as she moved away from me and went into the walk-in closet, shutting the door behind her.

Cursing, I pulled open the bedroom door just as Phoenix lifted his hand to knock again. I pushed against his chest. "Pistols at dawn, ass**le."

"Can Nixon be my second?"

"No, you get no second. I hate you so much right now."

Phoenix grinned. "Did I interrupt something important?"

"You know damn well." I poked him in the chest. "Just... wait, just you wait, that's all I'm saying. One day a girl's going to knock you on your ass and I'm going to be your freaking shadow... interrupting every sacred moment you have with her until you're ready to pull a gun on me."

"Not happening." Phoenix said quickly, slapping me on the back.

"He's g*y," Bee said breezing by us.

I froze.

Phoenix cursed. "What the hell, Bee?"

"What?" She lifted her shoulders innocently. "I changed in front of you all the time when you were guarding me and you didn't even blink."

"Correction," he said through clenched teeth. "You could have warned me every damn time, rather than just pulling off clothes and throwing them in my direction. I'm not your maid."

"Right." Bee shrugged innocently. "And every time I tossed something in your face and you didn't react, it made me want to do it again, like an experiment."

"Ah, science, good to hear you're studying, sis." Tex popped his knuckles as he approached. "So, we talking about school?"

"Yeah." Phoenix's jaw cracked. "School."

Tex nodded. "The girls are getting antsy, Amy almost ready?"

"Sorry!" Amy came rushing out, her hair in a messy bun. The girls were getting hair, makeup, pedicures - the works. So it's not like she had to get ready - she'd never looked so beautiful to me.

"Great." Tex pulled her in for a hug. I kept my growl to myself. And Phoenix glared at Bee.

"Let's go," I announced, letting everyone go in front of me. When I turned around to make sure Phoenix and Bee were following, she was touching his arm, and the poor guy looked like her touch was agony, nothing but pain as his eyes flinched and he jerked away. Bee frowned and shouldered past me. When Phoenix fell into step beside me, I whispered, "You okay?"

"Nope. Won't be okay until Tex takes her off my hands." He sighed. "Until then... I think of it as getting my just reward."

"For what?"

He grimaced. "Being such an ass in my former life. If this is God's punishment, he's doing a damn good job of reminding me to amend my ways."

"So." I coughed. "Not really g*y?"

"Not anything." Phoenix looked down. "I don't deserve love... and that's the truth, not some pitiful excuse for why I can't settle down. I just simply, don't deserve it..."

He walked away.

Clearly not noticing that Bee's gaze was on him every movement.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Amy

"YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL." Mil pulled me in for a hug while Trace, Nixon's wife, and Mo, Tex's wife, messed with my train. I didn't have any friends, so they were my bridesmaids.

The wives.

Though after going to the spa with them the day before I had come to realize they were more than just the wives. Somehow I'd pictured them as The Real Housewives mob style - too much money and too much free time on their hands. I was surprised to find out that both Mo and Trace were going back to school to finish their degrees and actually had hobbies that didn't include carting around those flashy black cards with no limit.

"I'd kill for this dress." Trace walked around the train and shook her head, a bright smile in place. "Seriously... it's gorgeous Amy."

The warmth of a strong blush invaded my face. "Mil picked it out."

"Mil." Trace nodded. "Remind me to have you pick out an entire wardrobe for me."

"Done." Mil winked and offered me a bottled water.

"You ready for this?" Mo said from my other side. The girls were all in simple black strapless cocktail dresses and red heels. I'd wanted something elegant. It was my wedding after all and I knew all the girls would look beautiful if we did a black tie wedding.

Luckily, Ax couldn't care less; he just wanted to get married.

It helped that money wasn't really an object so when we needed to throw something together that fast, it wasn't an obstacle trying to find a place and get everything decorated.

The only thing I wasn't able to choose was the location. Nixon wanted to control the atmosphere, so we were getting married at a winery that he owned, outside of the city.

Made sense.

"I'm ready... I think I'm ready." I glanced at my reflection in the mirror. The dress was classy. It fell off the shoulders but still had lace sleeves that went all the way down to my wrists. The bodice was see-through lace except for a small covering that went across my br**sts. White satin gathered around my waist, pulling into a knot towards the back of the dress then flared out into a long heavy train that was around seven feet long.

Like Trace said, it was a killer dress. I was going to ask to spend every anniversary in it.

Or maybe every day.

"He's here." Nixon popped his head in the room. "So I need you guys to be ready."

"Now?" I squeaked out. "But the ceremony's about to start, you're going to... to shoot him before I say 'I do'?"

"Course not." Nixon grins was ice cold. "I'm going to shoot him before you walk down the aisle..."

"Comforting." Trace nodded to her husband. "Good job, Nixon."

With an exaggerated eye roll, he closed the door while I tried not to hyperventilate.

The sound of Mil loading her gun wasn't helping.

Or Mo pulling a knife from her bra.

When I turned to Trace for help she was busy loading a pistol.

"You guys are all insane," I breathed.

"I prefer prepared." Mil grinned, then stuffed the gun back in her small clutch. "No worries, we just want to make sure you're protected. I'd like to think both me and Trace are amazing shots, and Mo can take a guy down with a single blade. Don't worry, we won't let anyone ruin your day."

"Right." I suddenly felt like I needed some sort of weapon, but just the idea of it made me feel a bit lightheaded.

Another knock sounded at the door. "Ready?" Tex poked his head in.

"But-"

"No worries." Tex opened the door wider and offered his arm. "I've got it covered."

"Covered?" I looked around. "You mean my father?"

"Oh, he had to go... um... he just had to go."

"Who got the shot in?" Mo crossed her arms.

"Stupid Chase," Tex grumbled. "I almost had him too and then Chase goes and decides to be a hero."

"So damn sexy." Mil laughed.

Tex narrowed his eyes. "He didn't want me getting blood on my suit on account that I'm important."

"Just keep telling yourself that, big guy." Mo handed Mil a twenty.

"Wait." Tex pointed. "What's that? Why's money exchanging hands?"

"Oh crap, sorry." Trace reached into her clutch and pulled out a twenty and handed it to Mil.

Tex looked ready to kill. "Explain."

"We made a simple wager to see which one of you would get the bad guy first." Mil shrugged innocently. "I win."

Mo covered her mouth with her hands and hid her laughter then stepped up to her husband and kissed him on the cheek. "You tried really hard though, and that's all that matters, sweetheart."

Tex grumbled something under his breath but seemed momentarily pleased at the fact that Mo was praising him like he'd just conquered the world. His chest puffed up a bit, and then he softened when she whispered something in his ear. His hand tightened on her waist.

"Wedding." Mil clapped. "You guys can play later."

"Right." Tex reluctantly let his wife go and offered me his arm.

I stared at it.

He kept his arm out.

I stared some more.

"Okay then." Tex chuckled. "I'm walking you down the aisle, thought Ax told you."

"You?" I blurted.

The girls laughed. Tex frowned. "Why not me?"

"You're the Cappo."

"Say it again." He winked.

"Down boy." Mo thumped him in the chest.

"I mean..." Heat flooded my cheeks. "I'm just a De Lange, you shouldn't be walking me down the aisle... wouldn't it be... wrong?"

Tex reached for my hand and squeezed it. "You're not just a De Lange, you're family and nothing would make me more proud then to walk you down that aisle in front of the most powerful families known to our kind. So, will you take it?"

Not trusting my voice, I nodded, and took his arm, shaking as the sound of classical music invaded my ears. The girls rushed past me and then slowly made their way outside and down the aisle. It was lined with white candles of all shapes and sizes.

The sun was setting, casting a rosy glow on the white chairs and the people sitting in them.

The wedding march began.

I clenched Tex's arm tighter, but he didn't move. Curious, I looked up at him, thinking maybe he'd changed his mind. Instead, he turned to me and whispered in my ear. "Your own father's a bastard. I'm not saying I'm anything but ugly... what I do is ugly... but it's moments like this that make life beautiful. I promise to protect you until my dying day. I promise our families will do everything in their power to make what was done to you right... So when you walk down this aisle and accept that man's hand, know that we take those vows right along with you guys. And if Ax ever hurts you, mentally, physically, hell if he forgets your anniversary, you just let me know."

With a watery smile I launched myself into his arms and hugged him. "Thank you."

"Of course," he said gruffly. "Now let's get you married."

Ax's eyes never left mine. He was beautiful. I'd always wanted to be with him, and now I was marrying him. It was weird, how I'd always been afraid of the very type of people who were now offering me love, life, and happiness. I fought a smile as Nixon elbowed Chase and then pointed at his shirt. Naturally a spot of blood was poking out on the white. Chase rolled his eyes and shrugged as if to say, what can a guy do?

I didn't want to know what happened to my dad or my brother. I knew Ax would tell me when the time was right, but I also knew that I needed to let my past stay there - in my past. Whatever my father had planned for me would have led to my torture, and probable death. I could only hope that in the end, my brother didn't meet the same fate.

Ax reached for my hand just as the priest said, "Who gives this woman?"

Nixon, Frank, Mil, and Phoenix all took decisive steps towards Tex and in unison they said. "We do."

It wasn't just the Cappo who gave me away.

The heads of the five Families, each boss, gave me away. Gave me their approval, in front of everyone. I almost lost it. And then Ax nodded slightly to the left, I turned.

My brother was sitting in the front row.

With my father.

Both of them were bleeding. My father looked irritated. My brother had a smile on his face and I could almost imagine, my mother in heaven finally being at peace.

I was a part of a family.

I was theirs.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Axton

"THINK YOU COULD at least try to hide the blood stains, Chase?" I took a sip of wine and grimaced as the dry liquid damn near choked me to death.

Chase looked down at his shirt and shrugged. "Makes mortal men tremble in fear."

Nixon smacked Chase on the back of the head and whispered, "See me tremble, oh badass one."

Chase rolled his eyes. "Hilarious."

Tex snickered. "I thought so."

"What's taking them so damn long?" The wine glass almost shattered in my hand. Chase, clearly sensing the harm I was about to invoke on the stem, pulled the glass from my hand and set it on the table. The girls had wanted to fix Amy's makeup after the ceremony. She'd been out of my sight for around five minutes, and I was going stir crazy. I just... wanted to touch her, my wife, kiss her.

"Calm yourself, young grasshopper." Tex's hands moved to my shoulders. "She'll be out soon."

"Not soon enough," I muttered.

The guys all shared a look and busted up laughing. Sergio had been strangely quiet, standing in the corner. Then again, he was always quiet. Had a tendency to freak a guy out if you didn't actually know that was just how he was. Speculative... tentative, thoughtful. Scary as hell when he needed to be.

"Sorry!" Trace rushed into the room. "Okay, she's ready!"

"Ready?" I repeated, and then almost swallowed my tongue as Amy appeared in a totally different dress than before. A short white lacy cocktail dress with a completely open back. Long lace sleeves hugged her arms tightly. The rest of the dress was so tight I was afraid that if I touched her, the fabric would rip; then again, that was probably a really good idea. Best idea I'd had all day. I made a move to grab her but got slapped by Trace.

"What the hell?"

"Let her twirl," Trace commanded.

Blushing, Amy did a little twirl then paused, her back facing me. I'd already seen that the back didn't exist, but what I hadn't seen was the small tattoo on her lower back.

The writing was in black cursive script. I walked closer putting my hands on her hips as I pulled her towards me.

"Mi Familia... Axton."

"Baby..." I shook my head turning her in my arms. "When did you do this?"

"A few days ago," she whispered. "Surprised you didn't notice it yesterday with the whole towel incident."

I smirked, my eyes trained on her mouth. "I was a bit distracted by things... up top."

She laughed. "I bet you were."

"It's beautiful..." My voice was hoarse. "You're beautiful."

"I just want you to know..." Her fingers fumbled with the buttons on my shirt. "That... I'm yours. Forever. I'm not leaving. You're right, you're my family - my home."

I crushed my mouth to hers.

"Ahem," Tex said gruffly. "Get a room."

"Like you should talk," Chase said with a sarcastic tone.

"Wow, Chase..." Phoenix said darkly. "Coming from you..."

I pulled back from Amy and stared deep into her eyes. I wanted her - now. Damn the reception. I wasn't going. Neither was she, she just didn't know it yet.

"My, um..." Her eyebrows knit together. "My father and brother?"

"Your wedding present." I tucked a piece of her dark hair behind her ear. "I didn't think you'd want a lot of blood spilled on such a special day... it would be wrong for their deaths to take our glory."

She swallowed, averting her eyes.

"And..." I pulled her roughly against me. "I'm going to go let the boys do what they do best. Tex and Chase are going to threaten them within an inch of their lives, and then..." I shifted my weight between my feet. "They'll most likely meet their maker sooner rather than later, considering they have a tendency not to listen to our rules and all."

"Most likely-"

"It's done," Tex interrupted. "We'll keep an eye on them... they were only too happy to agree to our terms after our initial conversation."

"Huh." Chase laughed. "That what we calling it now? A conversation?"

"Ass kicking sounds so country." Tex laughed.

"What did I have?" Amy asked. "That he wanted? That you guys wanted? I guess I'm still confused?"

Tex and I shared a look before Tex finally stepped forward and held out the stuffed lamb I'd given her when she was six.

"A stuffed animal?" Amy stared down at the pitiful creature. "I had a stuffed animal?"

"Look." Tex turned it over and pulled out a knife, he gently ripped part of the foot and then pulled out a folded piece of paper.

Amy gasped. "What is that?"

"Your mother, before she died, hid a very important piece of information... the location of a few of our... less than stellar associates along with their addresses. Your father was going to use it as leverage to finally gain a position within the family. Only, she hid it before he could get his hands on it. She knew the minute it was out in the open, too many people would die."

"Well that-" I cut in. "-and she kind of hated your father."

"She died because of it."

"Yes," Tex said slowly, his eyes meeting mine before he put a hand on Amy's shoulder. "But her sacrifice is our gain. These men, we'll find them... and hopefully fix any loose ends."

"So you'll kill them?" she asked.

Tex laughed and waved her off, tucking the piece of paper into his pocket. "Did I say kill?"

"No, but-"

"Wedding day, happiest day of your life... Why don't you guys go dance or something? There's been too much talk of death today and frankly, I've already hit my quota for the month."

I rolled my eyes while Amy asked, "How many?"

"Thirty-seven," Tex said without blinking. "Then again around eighteen of them were my own family... had to cut out the bad to make way for the new and all."

"He's kidding," I lied, while Amy shivered in my arms.

"Yes, kidder's my middle name." Tex winked and wandered off from us, while I continued raining kisses on her cheek.

"Hey." I kissed Amy again, tugging her chin away from Tex's retreating form. "Let's get out of here."

"But the reception and-"

"Leave it." I tasted her mouth again. "Come with me." My tongue lined her lower lip. "Now."

"'Kay."

Gripping her hand I tugged her towards the door.

"But the cake!" Trace yelled after us.

"I'll give you cake," Nixon commented.

"How cute, Nixon made a joke!" Chase's loud laughter was the last thing I heard as I tugged Amy towards my Mercedes. I pushed her against the door then slid my hand up her naked thigh. With a shudder I swore. "You're not wearing anything underneath this are you?"

"Couldn't." She smiled against my mouth. "It's too tight."

"Damn it." I pressed my body against hers, loving the softness. "I'm not going to make it to the hotel."

"You will." Amy pushed me away and winked, then the little tease opened her own door, freaking bent over to take off her tall shoes, giving me an almost perfect view of her ass, and slid into the car.

In too much shock to do anything I simply stared in fascination while she buckled the seatbelt. To pull a knife out and rip the seatbelt in half or act like a sane human and get in the car?

Decisions, decisions.

"Ax?" Her eyebrows lifted.

"Yeah?" I croaked.

"We staying or going?"

"Going, damn it." I pinched the bridge of my nose. "Sorry was distracted... saw skin and..." I shook my head and mumbled to myself. Yeah it was going to be long ass ride to the hotel.

I aged ten years during that car ride, one for each mile. I'd always been the guy that could hide his feelings. It made me a good asset to the family - at least I liked to think so. I didn't allow things to distract me. I didn't allow things to affect me. I was stone.

But every man had his kryptonite.

And during the next ten miles to the hotel I found mine. At first I thought it was skin, maybe skin was my thing? After all her skin was really soft, so touchable, the perfect color. I wanted to lick all the way from her ankle to her hip bone and then repeat the process until the other leg moaned in protest.

But then her hand moved across her thigh and I got distracted by her fingers. Right, her fingers. They were long, feminine; her nails were even pretty.

When I stopped at the light I opened my mouth to say something, her eyes were on me.

And words died in my throat.

So it wasn't her skin after all or fingers. It was her eyes; it had to be her deep brown eyes. They saw all, they looked at me and didn't judge, didn't see a killer or a monster. They just saw me. Her mouth curved into a smile.

Damn it!

I hit the accelerator as the light turned green and tried to snap out of it.

By the time we made it to the hotel I'd officially lost the war in my head. It wasn't a part of her that provoked me, made me want to lose myself in her, it was just simply... her.

All of her.

Every single part that made Amy who she was.

I wanted it all.

And I was going to take it all and give everything I could in return. My heart, my soul, everything. It was hers - hell it had always been hers. From the very beginning she was the one I wanted, the one I'd die for, the one I would do anything to protect, to save.

"Axe." Her hand rested against my forearm. "Are you okay?"

"Never been better." I smiled and pulled up to the hotel valet. "You?"

Her smile hit me like an arrow in the chest. "I'll be better... in a few minutes."

"Sir?" A knock sounded on my window. With a curse I turned and opened the door giving the guy a scowl for interrupting me while I was lusting after my wife, and tossed him the keys.

He caught them mid air. I glared even harder. He held up his hands as if to say, I just work here.

A bellhop ran towards us and grabbed the bags. Times like this, I was thankful for my last name.

"Abandonato," I said loudly to the bellhop. "Penthouse suite."

He dropped our bags, apologized, picked them up again with shaking hands, and gave me a nod. When we approached the front desk the receptionist already had my key ready.

"Anything else, Mr. Abandonato?"

"Is everything to my specifications?" I angled my head.

A bead of sweat rolled down the side of her face. "Yes, sir."

"Perfect." I gripped the key card and led Amy towards the bank of elevators and into a waiting car.

"Smiling wouldn't hurt," Amy said once we were streaking upward to the penthouse.

"Oh, it hurts." I pressed the emergency stop button and pushed her against the wall. "Make it better?"

Amy's face broke out into a grin as she bit on her bottom lip, taunting me. I took the bait, and pressed her hands against the wall, then used my legs to spread hers wide so her dress would ride up enough for me to lift her into my warms and wrap her legs around my body.

Our mouths met in an almost angry frenzy. She moaned as my hands inched up her thighs, my fingers digging into her flesh as I tugged her roughly against me.

My lips slid from hers and trailed down her neck When her back arched, I set her down and started walking towards the buttons so I could release the Stop. The elevator moved with a jolt, causing us to stumble together against the wall.

Our mouths never once left each other.

I was drowning in her.

Such a damn good way to go.

Amy hooked her foot behind me, sliding her body against me. The friction was so great I groaned and tugged down the sleeve of her dress, while she frantically pulled at my shirt.

The sound of buttons hitting the floor was our elevator music. When the doors whooshed open, we stumbled out in a rush. I carried her to the door of our suite then pushed her against it as I slid the card over the sensor.

With a click, the door opened. All that registered in my head was that we were in the room. Finally in the room.

Still holding Amy in my arms, I walked us towards what I hoped was the bedroom. We were within inches when a knock sounded at the door.

"Our luggage," Amy said against my lips.

"They'll leave it in the hall."

"Ax..."

Groaning, I kissed her mouth harder, deeper. "No."

"Ax."

The knock sounded louder.

"That's it." I set her on her feet. "I'm grabbing my gun."

"Ax, be nice!" Amy called, laughter lacing her voice.

I opened the door with a gruff word on my lips. The bellhop held our luggage in both hands, a terrified smile pasted on his face.

"Leave it." I grumbled then slipped him two hundred dollars. "Please."

"Uh..." He dropped the luggage, nodded, and walked backwards towards the elevator. I wasn't going to shoot him; then again, he didn't know that.

I was in no state to have a conversation.

The door clicked softly behind me.

I leaned my hands against it, bracing myself for more Amy, because that's what I had to do. I had to brace myself, prepare my body for her attack, prepare my mind for what she did to me.

Finally after a few deep breaths, I turned, to find her sitting at the table.

The one set up with Chinese food.

"For me?" she whispered, her hands lingering over the chopsticks. "You did this for me?"

Slowly, I walked towards her. "I figured it was the best way to start our marriage... the same way we started our friendship."

"Over Chinese?"

I licked my lips to keep from tasting hers. "It seemed like a good idea at the time."

"You hate Chinese."

"But I love you."

Tears filled her eyes. "I can't believe it."

"Believe what?"

"This." She lifted her hands to the room then pointed at me. "You... our life now... I feel like I'm going to wake up and it's going to be a dream."

"Married to the mob? A dream?" I joked. "Nah, that's reality."

She burst out laughing. "Okay, fine, so that wasn't my dream as a little girl."

"And as a woman?"

She stood, and sauntered towards me. "As a woman, I'm really, really curious where my mobster hides his gun." Her hands moved to my sides then achingly down the front of my shirt. "Hmm, not here."

"Nope." I breathed.

Amy tilted her head and moved her hands around my back and then down my ass. "Not here either."

Every muscle tightened with excitement, awareness as her hands slid towards the front of my pants and slowly untucked my button-down shirt. When her knuckles grazed my skin my hips bucked like I'd been singed.

"Am I getting hotter?"

"So hot." I ground my teeth together as her fingers undid the button to my pants and then tugged the material down. I closed my eyes, praying for patience as cold air hit my skin.

And then her hands were on me again, reaching for my boxers. Yeah this wasn't going to end well, me with my pants down in front of Chinese food while she searched for my gun.

With a hoarse laugh I gripped her wrists and pulled her against me. "My turn."

"W-what?"

"It's only fair..." I shrugged. "You strip search me I strip search you."

"Is that so?" She leered.

"Yup." I nipped her lips with mine then kissed her softly. "So spread 'em. I'm going to be very... thorough."

"I bet you are."

"Stand still."

"Yes, sir."

"I like that, the sir, now I know why Nixon likes it, does kinda get a man excited."

"Let's not invite the boss into our wedding night conversations."

"Done." I winked and stepped out of my pants. I was wearing my open shirt, button-less mind you, and black boxer briefs. My state of undress left nothing to the imagination. I was a bit worried it would scare Amy away. Instead, she watched me with rapt attention.

"Like what you see?" I arched my eyebrows.

"I don't see much..." She licked her top lip. "Yet."

"Tease."

"Are you searching me, or can I continue?" she challenged.

"Stand still." I exhaled in an impatient tone then started walking in a slow circle around her. I lifted my hand to her neck, pushing her hair out of the way. She trembled in response. "Hmm, I think I'm going to enjoy this search... very much."

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Amy

HIS BREATH WAS hot on my neck as he walked a slow circle around me then stopped. His nose tickled the back of my head as he pushed my hair to one side then ran his rough hands over my shoulders, tugging my dress down my arms. It was tight enough that it didn't fall.

"Hmm." Ax drew slow circles with his fingertips down the center of my back until he hit the sensitive area where I'd gotten my tattoo done. "I like my name on you."

I shivered.

"Maybe like isn't a strong enough word." His fingers tickled around the flesh and then moved back up my arms, tugging at my dress a little harder. "Love. I love my name on your body."

Ax's fingertips danced across my arms and moved to my collarbone as he moved back around to face me. "I'm going to need you to do something for me."

His eyes were dark, his mouth wet, like he'd been running his tongue along his lips imagining mine rather than his.

"What?" A breathless whimper escaped me as his sensual smile nearly knocked me over.

He tilted his head and leaned in, his wet lips touching the outside of my ear. "I'm going to need you to spread."

"Wh-what?"

"A proper search." He laughed softly. "I want to be thorough. You are my wife... after all. Don't want you hiding any... weapons."

With a jerk he kicked my feet apart. The fabric around my thighs gave way, ripping all the way up to my hips.

He knelt in front of me. All muscle and elegant grace. He slipped off my heels and then ran his hands up my calves, then my thighs. His eyes glimmered with heat as his hands finally braced my hips and then finished the rip of my dress all the way up the sides of my body.

The dress fell to the floor next to my feet.

Ax's gaze traveled from my legs up... he shook his head. "Not good enough."

I had the sudden urge to cover my naked body.

"Searching." He gripped my hips tighter. "Not good enough." He bestowed a kiss on one hip and then the other then slowly grazed my body with his as he stood. "Bedroom. Now."

"Right now?" I squeaked feeling unsure about my body, about him, about what we were about to do.

"Stop thinking..." Ax's mouth met mine tenderly. "And let me love you."

I nodded. It was a small shy nod, but it may as well have been a blazing sign and a pep rally. He lifted me into his arms and carried me into the room.

I didn't have time to register how beautiful it was, how warm I felt in his arms, because in an instant, I was on the bed.

And he was hovering over me.

"Three tries."

"What?"

"Three tries." He climbed on top of me and pushed my body down. "I get three tries to make you scream with pleasure... and if my name doesn't cross those lips then I'm not doing good enough."

"Three is hardly necessary - Oh, my gosh, what are you doing?"

Ax slid down my body, his lips pausing at my belly button. "Why, I'm doing my damndest to make you scream." Before I could stop him, he was licking, torturing, kissing every single place he could find. His fingers following his mouth, then at times his mouth following his fingers. Time stopped existing - I stopped existing. With a cry I about fell off the bed as a wave of bliss hit me.

"Damn, no name." Ax said, though it sounded muffled, I was officially no longer present in the room. His mouth found my foot. I almost kicked him. He laughed; his tongue swirled up my calf.

"No more, I can't take it." I heard myself saying.

"You can. You will." And then I lost focus again as his hands cupped my br**sts, his lips teased my neck. I lost the ability to control my own body; it rose and fell with his touch.

"Ax-" His mouth covered my scream. And then he was filling me. The pain was small, minute compared to what I thought it would be. I'd always thought my wedding night would be tame, awkward. Plain.

This experience - the feeling of my body surrounding him - was anything but plain.

I was on fire.

"Two down... I get one more try." He said against my lips, our tongues tangled as he moved, slowly, the pressure increased. I wasn't sure if I could breathe let alone scream.

He moved differently.

And I'd been wrong.

I could most definitely scream.

So I did.

Repeatedly.

"I'm not sure I heard my name," Ax panted.

"Axton." Mind and body spent, I cupped his face lightly. "I love you, Axton."

"I love you, too." He kissed me almost violently and then slowly pulled away and lay down next to me. "I think I'm going to have to search you again."

"I think I'm going to have to let you."

"Let me?" he taunted, "Beg me is more like it."

"Careful, your Abandonato ego is showing."

"Admit it... you wouldn't want me any other way."

I turned, glanced at his beautiful face, strong jaw. The man was gorgeous. "You're right... I wouldn't."

"I can do this all night, Ames."

I burst out laughing. "Me too. But I want Chinese first."

"I want you first."

"You had me."

"I want you second and third too."

"Ax..." I groaned. "Feed me."

"Fine." He jolted up from the bed and held out his hand. "But in order for me to concentrate on using chopsticks I'm wrapping you in a towel."

"Okay."

"But first we shower... so I can... you know... explore some more."

"Okay, Christopher Columbus, whatever you say."

"Bite your tongue, that man was a Spaniard." He winked. I took his hand and for the first time in five years...

Felt at peace in what should have been a war-filled future.

"You kept the picture of us." Ax whispered a few minutes later, interrupting my thoughts. "Why?"

Amy ducked her head into my shoulder.

"Nope, none of that...I want to know."

I lifted my head so I could see into his questioning eyes. "Things don't matter to me. People do. You do. Even as a kid I somehow knew that the most important possession I would ever have-would be your smile, the memory of you. Everything about you was so...perfect. You were my rock. I knew if I had you, had your picture, your smile, that everything would be okay."

Ax shuddered, "And I lied to you, abandoned you, I-"

"-Loved me." I pressed my fingertips against his mouth, "You loved me, and that's all I've ever wanted."

"I do." Ax sighed and kissed my forehead. "Love you more than words can ever truly describe."

"I know." My heart was full. My life was owned, altered, by a made man, by a man who in many stories is the monster, but my life wasn't a story. What I was living was real. And my monster, just so happened to be my hero. "I love you too, Ax."

