Prologue

Sir Colin Wilde burst through the door of White's, accidently knocking a fellow over and another into his glass of whiskey. "I am in love!"

A few gentlemen cheered him, others cursed, but he didn't care, not after sharing the best kiss of his life with her.

His eyes fell on Anthony and Ambrose Benson, his idiot best friends. With a determined grin he marched over to them and slammed his fist down in the middle of their table, making a loud noise and snapping the twins out of an argument about how to rear children. The mighty had truly fallen if the once rakish Viscount Maddox was discussing childrearing.

"Wilde!" Ambrose said, rising and slapping him on the shoulder. "It is about time you showed up. We were beginning to wonder if that last escapade of yours had done you in."

Even Ambrose's barb at Colin's most recent failing could do nothing to dampen his spirits.

Anthony stood then, squinting as though scrutinizing Colin's expression. "I say, Ambrose, he looks almost... happy."

"Happy? I believe you're right, Anthony. Do you suppose he's gone mad?"

"I wouldn't be surprised. The poor fellow has had a terrible run these past few weeks. A lesser man would certainly have caved under the humiliation."

Colin rolled his eyes and frowned, for perhaps the first time since it happened. "With all due respect, my lords, do shut up. I have news!"

He cleared his throat and waited. When the two looked at him in unison, he announced, "I am in love."

"Hmm... I see. So you have devoted this moment to public humiliation. Please, a bit of decorum, if you can find it within you. Sit down and drink yourself under the table. Love, my dear fellow, is a cardinal sin for a rake. You are ruining your hard-earned reputation by spouting such nonsense."

"I am a rake no more."

Anthony cursed. "Well, that didn't last long."

"What?" Ambrose countered. "Was it two weeks before he realized it was an asinine plan from its conception?"

Colin, as usual, ignored them and blurted, "Lady Gemma and I have come to an understanding."

"Have you now?" Anthony smirked and nudged his brother in the ribs. "Alert Parliament immediately!"

With a conspiratorial wink, Ambrose lifted his glass in toast. "Sir Wilde finally understands women!"

Anthony lifted his own glass to meet his brother's. "A bit of a meeting of the minds, as it were."

"From the satisfied grin, I'd say it was more than just their minds, eh?" Ambrose added.

They both laughed raucously and congratulated each other on their keen wit.

Were it not for his indomitable joy, Colin might have been tempted to tip the table over on them. Instead, he rolled his eyes and cursed half-heartedly.

"Idiots. Both of you."

The two of them only laughed more. Clearly they were foxed beyond expectation of any rational conversation. Nevertheless, Colin pressed on.

"Lady Gemma and I have decided to-"

Ambrose leaned forward with a mocking twinkle in his eyes. "Arrange a meeting of the lips?"

Anthony chuckled. "Hold hands?"

"No. Wait!" Ambrose snapped his fingers. "Stare into one another's eyes and recite Byron."

"At times I wonder why we are friends," Colin said dryly. He didn't know why he bothered to tell them things. "We have mended our ways. I shall ask permission for her hand this very day!"

"Says who?" came a dark voice from behind him. Ambrose and Anthony suddenly stared into their drinks as if the liquid was speaking to them. Colin turned, only to come face-to-face with Gemma's brother, the Marquess of Van Burge.

Before Colin had a chance to react, the man's giant fist brought a crushing blow to his left temple and everything went black.

When he came to, Colin blinked several times to clear the fog. What just happened? Blood dripped into his eyes. All around him, the room was spinning, and he thought he caught a snatch of a frantic scuffle, some shouting. Was someone saying his name? He glanced up, but everything was blurry. Blinking again, he tried to focus on the image standing over him.

"Fight like a man, Wilde!" Hawke Reynolds, Marquess of Van Burge sneered. Colin squinted at the giant looming above him. Not a drop of blood marred his chiseled face, which really was a pity, because had Colin had a half a chance, he could have gotten a few good swings in. He had done a fair amount of boxing during his time in his majesty's service.

As it was, he hadn't even seen the giant fist coming.

But he felt it! All the way down to his Hessians. He wouldn't be at all shocked to find his body still at White's while his head was somewhere near France. "What the devil is going on here?" Anthony shouted, making a valiant effort to hold Van Burge back. Odd, Colin hadn't remembered his friend having two heads. Then again, perhaps the second head was his twin brother, Ambrose.

"He ruined my sister!" Lord Van Burge shouted.

"Oh. In that case, by all means, continue." Anthony released him and motioned for drinks. "What will it be, Ambrose? Whiskey or gin? To think we assumed it would be a boring afternoon. A toast to Sir Wilde for providing such exciting entertainment."

"Hear, hear!" Ambrose grinned and threw back the contents of his glass.

Blasted traitors. Both of them.

Lord Van Burge shot them both a murderous look.

"Well..." Anthony squinted and gestured toward Colin. "Get on with it."

"Wait!" Colin put up his bloody hands. "I assure you that the kiss was something a brother would bestow upon a sister!"

"Come now, Wilde. That's not what you were just describing to us." Anthony laughed. "If I kissed my family in that manner I'd be sent to prison!"

"He's jesting!" Colin argued, giving Anthony a scathing glare. "Besides, nobody saw, and it isn't as if she is ruined!"

"Actually..." Anthony cleared his throat. Blast the man, why couldn't he just keep his mouth shut? "I saw the kiss in question, and it was a lovely kiss. I do believe Wilde took my tutelage quite well. Didn't you also use your tongue, Wilde?"

"That's a lie!" Colin shouted as he struggled to his feet. Sweat beaded on his forehead, mixing with the blood already there.

"My sister will never marry beneath her station, Wilde. Never. And you are naught but a pretender, with a joke for a title. You should have taken the hint the first time. Now you shall surely pay for your presumption. To tell you the truth, I'm glad of it. I've been wanting to pummel you for years."

At least he had kissed the woman he loved before he died. Blind rage clouded Lord Van Burge's face. Colin could do nothing but stare as the marquess's fist drew back in slow motion then soared toward him, planting squarely on his jaw.

It didn't matter anyway, Colin thought as he slumped to the floor. For it was clear the family would never consider his offer. So he welcomed the darkness with a smile on his face, knowing that any sort of death would be sweeter than a life without the woman he loved.

Chapter One

If one desires to be a rake, one must first and foremost practice the art of seduction. It is not for the weak-minded, nor is it as easy as some have said. It takes practice, and we all know that practice makes perfect. -Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

Four weeks earlier

The darkened hallway was providing the perfect escape for Colin as he led the girl further and further away from the ball. Colin smiled lazily at the woman next to him. "You are utterly breathtaking." He nearly choked on the lie as the girl's eyes widened. Her pupils dilated as she stopped in front of him. Short breaths escaped her parted lips, and she involuntarily leaned forward. Perhaps beautiful was a bit of a stretch, for she looked too young to be anything but terrified. Yet there she was, under his spell and leaning towards him as if he were some sort of rakish god.

Clearly, Anthony was insane, for seduction was easier than learning to ride a horse. Because of his hasty marriage he hadn't had time to rid his house of bachelorhood, meaning the journal of his rakish conquests and advice had been still in his bedroom. Which of course meant Colin had been nominated to extract said journal before Anthony's wife got wind of it. Not that Colin minded one bit; after all, he needed all the help he could get.

Considering the circumstances and the blasted trouble it had taken to retrieve the journal, trouble that included nearly getting his hand taken off by a dog and falling out of Anthony's bedroom window - he thought it only right that he keep it. After all, who better to teach him how to change his image into a rake than Viscount Maddox, seducer of women and innocent debutantes alike?

Colin sighed. Women were often so starved for compliments that all he had to do was comment on their hair, or dress, or perhaps something more scandalous like the curve of a woman's ankle, and she was tossing her skirts.

Well, perhaps tossing was a slight exaggeration.

But they were definitely more willing to follow him down a darkened hallway.

Lady Rosalia giggled under her breath. "Are you sure we will not get in trouble for sneaking away to the library?"

"Oh, I hope so." Colin pulled her against him and kissed her cheek. "After all, a little trouble is good every now and then, wouldn't you agree?"

Lady Rosalia's eyes nearly closed as she swayed toward him. If he didn't get her into a private room soon, she would melt into a puddle at his feet.

He wrapped his arm around her small form and tucked her into his side as he led her the rest of the way to his planned seduction.

But by the time they were safely within the room, Lady Rosalia had clearly lost her nerve. She backed away from him and crossed her arms in front of her. A sure sign that she no longer accepted his advances.

Like a frightened bird, she caught her breath and looked down at her hands. "The library is lovely in the evening."

"Just as I told you," he replied. "The candlelight gives the room a romantic sort of ambiance that I've noticed women appreciate."

Her head snapped up. "Women?"

"Wives of my dear friends, mere girls compared to you, sweetheart. You are..." He exhaled and reached out his hands; she grasped them tightly. "Divine."

Her body slumped.

Colin tilted her chin up and pressed a quick kiss across her lips. She moaned. But of course she did. After all, he wasn't the same man he'd been a few months past, when he'd been fearful of kissing women and nearly fainted when the object of his affection walked into the room.

No, that fellow was gone.

And in his place a man the ton said could not be tamed, which quite fit with his name if one asked him, which no one did.

He parted her lips with his tongue and increased the pressure slowly against her mouth. She wrapped her arms around his neck and jerked him down. Colin smiled across her mouth and moved his hands to the front of her dress where he could easily tug it down.

"Amateur effort, I assure you," a familiar voice said from behind him.

Lady Rosalia gasped in horror and pulled back. A few things happened then. First, Colin wondered if it was in fact a crime to murder one's best friend. Second, he was slapped across the face, and third, an uncomfortable amount of guilt dropped onto his shoulders, for he was just about to ruin a perfectly innocent girl.

She pushed past Anthony and ran out of the room.

"Truly." Anthony shook his head. "Have I taught you nothing? Do you even listen to me anymore? Or do you merely stare off into oblivion whenever I speak?"

"Pardon?" Colin was having a hard enough time breathing in and out and not punching his friend in the face without having to listen to him spout nonsense.

Anthony cursed. "One cannot simply pull down a girl's dress in such a fashion. The corset will all but get in the way. You must loosen a few buttons from the back like so."

"Why the devil are you telling me how to undress a woman?"

"Clearly, if you are to take this whole rakish lifestyle seriously, you need help. Blazes, you move as though you've never done this before. Besides, if I were explaining how to undress a man, I would need more whiskey."

Wilde swore and moved away from Anthony to sit on the nearest chair.

"If it was me, I would have already returned to the ball. Deed done, skirts tossed, favors given-"

"Stop, please. I do not wish any such image of that in my mind."

"They are lovely images; whatever is wrong with you? Besides, I'm happily married, meaning the images are of the most beautiful woman in the world who can make a man-"

"Stop! Do you not recognize how traumatizing this conversation can be to a sane individual?"

"Well, there you have it." Anthony shrugged. "We all know you've gone mad; therefore, that is an invalid point."

The man had a point. For Colin hadn't felt sane since the day Gemma walked out of his life. "How did you find me?"

"I followed the trail."

"Trail?" Colin leaned forward. "This should be good. Dare I even ask?"

Anthony sat back on the chair and laughed. "The trail of seduction. The two discarded glasses of wine, the flirtatious laughter trickling down the hallway, and finally the poetic words you whispered into her ear about the view in the library. Really, Wilde? The view? We must begin with your ability to lie. I find it offensive that you would give all rakes such a bad name. Women do not go to libraries for the view."

Colin rolled his eyes. "Then what do they follow men down darkened hallways for? Hmm?"

Anthony's eyes closed as a smirk danced across his features. "What every woman hopes for... they want a kiss. One deliciously wicked kiss before they are to be married."

"I cannot simply tell a woman I mean to steal them away to kiss them!"

Anthony scrutinized him for a moment. "Whyever not?"

"Because it is-" Colin snapped his mouth shut. He wasn't completely certain of the answer to that question.

Anthony rose from his chair and approached Colin, stopping directly in front of the chair and leaning down. "You simply close your eyes as if it hurts too much to stare directly at the girl, then you reach up to caress her cheek, like so." Anthony demonstrated, to Colin's absolute horror. "And then you say, 'It is complete torture not knowing what your lips feel like on mine.'"

A throat cleared. Anthony jerked back.

Ambrose, Anthony's twin, was leaning against the wall, a look of concern on his face as he drew his eyebrows in and coughed. "Hope I'm not intruding, but I was under the impression Colin had been trying to seduce another innocent. Apologies. If I had known it was my own brother, I would have run faster. Tell me, has he succeeded in lifting your skirt, Anthony?"

Anthony cursed his brother and glared at Colin, as if it were his fault that Anthony felt the need to demonstrate his seduction skills.

Ambrose shrugged. "Hmm... You must be out of practice. Since you are both still fully-clothed, I must assume you are losing your touch, dear brother."

Colin scowled and cursed. "Why must you two constantly plague me?"

"I have an answer to that," Ambrose announced, thrusting his hand into the air.

"Let's have it." Colin gritted his teeth. He didn't want to go back to the ball, but being stuck in the library with two meddling friends was not on the top of his priority list. Besides, he still hadn't caught a glimpse of Gemma, and he'd promised himself he would look at her tonight without allowing his heart to break in two. Tonight was the night he was going to finally prove to himself and everyone else that he was done with love, done with her, and done with being a proper gentleman.

"You are sad," Ambrose stated. As if it was some sort of proclamation from the heavens.

"Any idiot can see that," Anthony argued. "He is more than sad, however. The fellow is positively despairing! Just look at him."

Both men turned toward Colin. Anthony spoke first. "It's the eyes. So lifeless, as if a soul is no longer present."

"And he's been eating less." Ambrose.

"And drinking more." Anthony.

"You do realize I can hear you? Kindly have this discussion elsewhere." Colin rose to quit the room but was stopped by Anthony's voice.

"We are only trying to help. Being a rake will get you nowhere except at the opposite end of some angry husband's pistol."

"And Anthony would know. After all, he practically lived there for half his life." Ambrose laughed.

"When one is wicked, one has no time to love, and if one has no time to love, one has no time to feel." Colin reached the door and opened it.

"But how long can a person rely on their wickedness before it consumes them?" Anthony called after him.

"Forever." I hope. Colin briskly walked out of the room and back toward the noise of the ball.

Chapter Two

A kiss is never just a kiss. If a rake desires to truly be different than other gentlemen, he must learn the art of the kiss. If it were merely about two lips touching, then every bloke out there could do it. But it is not. The prelude to the kiss is what makes a women crave rakes, not gentlemen. A rake understands that a woman must first be teased, caressed, touched, nibbled, if you will. She must be breathless for more. You must give her the words she longs to hear, and then when she is ripe for the picking, you sweep in and kiss her softly across the mouth while slowly increasing the pressure until she moans. When she moans, you have her. If there is no moaning, then, my friend, it is safe to say, you are doing it all wrong. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

Gemma scanned the room for a glimpse of Sir Wilde. Her brother had only just allowed her to return to London this week. For whatever reason, he had convinced her parents of the necessity of the prolonged absence. They fully agreed that she should retire to the country estate for a time, to recuperate from her episode with the man they deemed below her station.

She wished she had never told her lady's maid of what had transpired between her and Sir Wilde. The disloyal girl had turned right around and passed the information directly to Gemma's brother, Hawke. Enraged, he had stormed from the house to find the offending gentleman to teach him some manners.

To Gemma's recollection, Wilde's manner was altogether perfect. She closed her eyes and remembered, replaying the stolen moments they had shared. A wistful sigh escaped her lips before she could stop it.

"My lady, please," Hawke whispered beside her, tightening his grasp on her arm. "Remember yourself."

"I am remembering, my lord." She cast a sidelong glance at her brother and wriggled her arm against his grip. "If you don't mind, I am quite certain I no longer require your assistance, and you are hurting me."

His cold stare warned her against giving any sign of impropriety.

Hawke knew what buttons to push with Gemma. Her sense of propriety was ingrained in every fiber of her being. In fact, it was that cursed sense that had mortified her so desperately when she and Wilde had first been caught in the embrace. She'd reacted with utter shame and disgrace at the time. But her long visit to Brookshire had given her ample time to consider the matter.

Looking back on it, Gemma was certain the only thing she would have done differently was insisting Wilde lock the door. That would have solved everything.

A warmth spread through her cheeks to her ears. Who was she fooling? Even yet, the simple memory of Wilde's lips on hers made her blush to the roots of her hair.

"Take care, sister," Hawke warned as they approached a group of his acquaintances, pasting a false grin on his face for their benefit. "Percival, Sumner, Everett, Lady Judith, may I present my sister, Lady Gemma, recently returned from Brookshire for the remainder of the Season."

Gemma had never been introduced to any of them before, but she knew of them. She had heard her parents and Hawke discuss Mr. Percival at great length. He was next in line for the Earldom of Worcester, and one of the Royal Duke's favorite cousins. No doubt they had designs on him as a match for Gemma. They never said as much in her presence, but they hinted often that she should set her aim higher.

Sir Wilde would never meet their lofty aspirations.

Mr. Sumner, who also was heir to an impressive title, ran a close second in her parents' opinion, though from the daggers in Lady Judith's green eyes, he was spoken for whether he knew it or not.

Gemma tried a soft reassuring smile at the other woman, but it was not returned. Etiquette required a curtsy, so Gemma offered it to them with practiced grace.

"Would you care to dance, Lady Gemma?" the gentleman Hawke had referred to as Everett asked her, extending a hand. Then he glanced to her brother. "With your brother's permission, of course."

Hawke nodded and lifted Gemma's arm toward Everett.

Not that I have a choice. "I'd be delighted, sir," she replied, and slipped her hand onto the gentleman's proffered arm. If nothing else, it would get her out from under the watchful eye of her overzealous brother for a few brief moments.

Hawke had become unbearable over the past few months. As though he had nothing better to do in life than find his poor ruined sister a suitable prospective mate.

Fortunately, as dance partners went, Mr. Everett was exceptional. It was a quadrille, and the movement of the dance offered Gemma a grand view of the ballroom. Since she did not have to worry about her feet being unduly trampled, she had adequate time to search the room. If Sir Wilde was there, she would see him.

Gemma had written him letters, explaining why she had left Town, but he hadn't once replied. If only she could speak with him for a moment, she was certain she could clear the air, and eventually her parents would acquiesce. Wilde was well-connected and not wholly untitled. And she loved him. Surely they would see that.

"Forgive me for saying so, my lady, but you seem preoccupied. Are you troubled?" Mr. Everett asked. Concern marked his clear blue eyes as he escorted her off the floor.

"I apologize, Mr. Everett." Embarrassment burned in her cheeks.

"It's quite all right, Lady Gemma. It's not the first time a lovely lady was woolgathering in my presence. I have that effect on many. I fear my dancing leaves something to be desired."

"Not at all, sir. You are a remarkable partner."

A wry grin creased his lips. "Perhaps simply stunned to silence by my rugged good looks, then?"

Gemma regarded him a moment. He was handsome. With his thick brown hair and eyes the color of bachelor's buttons, he was nothing to sneeze at. She hadn't noticed before, not that it mattered a whit. Her heart belonged to Colin Wilde.

When she didn't answer right away, Everett shifted his weight to his other foot and glanced over her shoulder toward the dance floor. "Your silence is most reassuring."

"Oh dear, I do apologize, Mr. Everett." The shame burned her ears.

"Not to worry, my lady. Fortunately, my ego is nothing if not resilient. I shall simply bid you adieu, return to the corner, and lick my wounds. Before you know it, I'll be dancing again with another young lady, equally as affected by my charms no doubt."

A glint of humor danced in his eyes as he smiled and bowed over her hand to plant a chaste kiss on her glove. Then he deposited her neatly with her brother and made his way to the refreshment table.

"That seemed to go well," Hawke said, nodding after the retreating Everett.

Gemma struggled to keep from rolling her eyes at him. "I believe I'll see myself to the ladies' lounge."

"Yourself? No, I think not. I shall escort you."

"Truly? To the ladies' lounge, my lord?"

It was her brother's turn to blush crimson. "I beg your pardon, sister. I meant only to see you safely to the door."

Gemma was relatively certain she could make it the twenty steps unmolested. She shook her head to show her disdain, then glanced toward the door to the corridor and froze.

Colin.

****

Colin eagerly scanned the room. He needed an escape. Actually he needed several escapes. If he went back into Hades, what normal blokes would call the library, he would have to deal with his two well-meaning friends. And he wasn't altogether sure he could speak without blubbering like an idiot or shooting someone.

His days were predictable like that. He was either so depressingly morose that he wanted to jump out of his window, or anger clouded his thoughts and vision so much that he was unable to think straight, let alone make sound decisions.

The only way out was in. Straight into the lion's den, also known as the ton. He lifted his eyes heavenward, shrugged his shoulders, and took a deep breath.

Only the breath stayed in his body when it should have been expelled, for the minute his eyes focused on the woman across the room, he was unable to do anything but stare. He could feel his body tense as heat made its way through him until he thought he might explode.

Gemma.

Slowly, he exhaled, and then of course, he did something stupid.

With a sneer, Colin tilted his head in her direction, promptly pulled the first woman he saw to him, and patted her bottom.

Lucky for him, it was the Widow Darlington, a lady who had already made known her desire for an assignation.

Guilt gnawed at his insides as he watched Gemma's face fall. Was that a tear? She pushed through the crowds and disappeared.

Lady Darlington giggled next to him. "My dear boy, was that an invitation?"

Colin straightened and gave her a cool glare. "Not at all. It was merely a test to see if the goods were as worthwhile as you boasted."

"And?" She purred.

"I find you lacking." He smirked and walked off, wanting very much to trip on his own feet and knock himself out so he wouldn't have to look at himself in the mirror in the morning.

He was living in a pit of his own making, and he had no clue how to get out of it. And rather than try to climb out of the dark hole he daily found himself in, he decided the only way out was to dig deeper.

So he'd read Anthony's journal and dug.

He dug until his fingers bled.

And all he had to show for it was more darkness and more emptiness. Then again, what did one expect when they were digging holes?

With a curse, he walked in the direction where Gemma had disappeared. The last thing he wanted to do was apologize, but he could not go on with the rest of the Season and pretend their history did not exist. Closure. He needed closure, and the only way he knew how to achieve that was to have the final laugh, the end scene.

He nodded to his peers as he slowly paced around the room until he found the darkened hallway he was certain Gemma had taken.

Ah, the ladies' lounge.

He waited in the shadows.

Within minutes, Gemma emerged.

Saints alive, he had forgotten how beautiful she was. Smooth red hair was piled high above her head, her soft cheekbones had the glow of youth, and her lips were just begging for a kiss.

Let them beg.

"My lady." Colin stepped out of the shadows only long enough to pull her around the corner where they would not be seen. "May I have a word?"

Her lower lip trembled. She stared at him and nodded her head, just once.

"I will think of you no more," Colin said, though his words seemed to tremble as they poured out of his mouth.

Gemma's eyes widened. A blush stained her cheeks. "What if I say I will think of you forever?"

"Then you are a fool," he spat, though his heart thumped wildly against his chest.

"I may be a fool, but at least I am not a coward." Her eyes narrowed. She leaned forward, her chin nearly resting on his chest.

"Coward?" Minutes ago Colin had wanted to kill Anthony; now he was grateful, for at least he knew how to use his rakish charms against Gemma. Allow her to believe in his cool indifference when really all he wanted to do was reach out and touch her, pull her into his arms and never let go.

"Yes, I believe that is what I said. You are a coward." Gemma's blue eyes were glossy with unshed tears.

"I see." Colin slowly inhaled her scent and reached to tilt her chin toward his mouth. Before he lost his nerve, he crushed his lips against hers, relishing the memory of their first kiss. The day that changed everything. The day she abandoned him and chose her family over love.

Her mouth was so soft, softer than he remembered. It was everything he wanted - everything he needed. For a minute the darkness didn't seem so dark. The hole seemed not so deep. But it was an illusion, for she could not be trusted - not as a friend and surely not as a lover. She would stomp on whatever was left of his heart and leave him in utter darkness, even deeper in the hole of his own making.

With a laugh, he pushed her away. "Still as innocent as I remember. Thank you for reminding me, dear Gemma."

She stared at him in breathless shock. "Reminding you of what?"

"What I'm missing, of course."

Her eyes shined with a sudden hope. Hope he knew he would crush as surely as she had crushed his by rejecting his love last Season without as much as a goodbye. He answered her silent question.

"Nothing. Absolutely nothing. I bid you goodnight."

Chapter Three

A rake must at all times feign indifference, for if a man seems too interested, he risks losing the thrill of the chase. After all, what man desires to chase after a woman when she is already his to begin with? Indifference, my friends! Do not easily offer your smile, nor your attention. Make them beg for your gaze, your touch, your very words. And when the woman finally begs, when you have her in your clutches, simply take what you want and leave. It is as simple as that. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

The words cut like a hot blade straight into her heart. The memory of his lips burned on hers, but his eyes were smoldering dark steel.

Gemma could say nothing to him in response. The thick emotion in her throat made speech impossible, even if she could piece together a suitable response. They say the line between love and hate is a thin one. Colin had crossed over. She saw it in his eyes. He hated her. And she hated that she loved him still.

Swallowing back the inevitable sob, Gemma spun on her heel and fled.

She couldn't stay there. Not another moment. She would find Hawke and make him take her home.

Back inside the ballroom, she scanned the dancers for signs of her brother. He was nowhere to be seen. Twirling about, she searched the outskirts of the room. Again, no Hawke.

The irony served only to nauseate her further. He had been keeping such a close eye on her every moment, so much so that he had suggested following her to the ladies' lounge, and yet now when she truly needed him, he had disappeared into oblivion.

Groaning inwardly, she knew she would have to return to the corridor. She only hoped she would not encounter Colin once more. With a deep breath, she resolved to find her brother, no matter what it took.

Perhaps if she hadn't been so lost in her despair, she would have sensed someone behind her before turning abruptly, slamming straight into the broad chest of Lord Maddox, the husband of Gemma's bosom friend, Bridget. He grunted at the impact.

"Pardon me, my lady," he muttered breathlessly.

"Oh Lord Maddox! I am so sorry!" Gemma felt overwrought. All she wanted was to find her brother and leave that place.

"Lady Gemma?" He grasped her elbow to steady her on her feet. "Are you injured?"

"No, my lord. Only embarrassed. I should have taken more care with my direction."

"No harm done, my dear." Lord Maddox glanced around them as though searching out the reason for her haste. "Is anything amiss? You seem rather distraught."

"Everything is well. I was just on my way to find my brother. Have you seen Lord Van Burge, perchance?"

"Yes, indeed. I just came from the tables where I persuaded him to take my place in the game. He is there still. May I escort you to him?"

"No. Thank you, my lord. I can manage." He released her and nodded, but as he stepped away, a sudden fear gripped Gemma. If she were to meet with Colin again, she would be alone. She needed someone to provide a buffer between her heart and the man's scorn. "Lord Maddox!" Her voice faltered into a frantic squeak.

He spun around to face her. His expression betrayed his concern. "Yes?"

"I... I would like you to escort me. Thank you. For offering."

His golden-green eyes sparkled with humor, as if he knew why she'd changed her mind and couldn't help but mock her pain. After all, he and Colin were as thick as pirates in the West Indies.

Gemma's stomach turned uneasily, but she took his proffered arm and allowed him to lead her into the gentlemen's gaming den.

"There he is." Lord Maddox lifted a hand to gesture toward Hawke, who seemed deep in conversation with the gentlemen at his table. Not surprisingly, they were the same fellows he had introduced her to earlier in the evening. Mr. Everett, Mr. Sumner, and Mr. Percival laughed raucously at the point he had just made.

"I see him, thank you."

"Then I shall excuse myself, my lady, to locate my party, by your leave."

"Of course, my lord."

She made her way closer to her brother, hoping to get his attention without having to engage in pleasantries with the other gentlemen at the table. All she wanted was to go home.

His table was near the corner of the room, located just behind a pillar. As Gemma drew up behind him, pieces of the conversation from the table floated to her ears.

"That, gentlemen, is why I removed my sister from London for the winter."

"You say your parents were against the match?"

"They were once I finished my description of the fellow. And, of course, his abysmal rank of knight served only to support my cause." The others laughed at his mocking tone. "You know, of course, I've never liked Sir Wilde. I have no intention of letting him worm his way into my sister's affections."

"She certainly deserves the best," one of the gentlemen added. Gemma believed the voice to be that of Mr. Everett. Though she could not see clearly from her place behind the pillar.

"Right. And Wilde is nothing but a pretender. His reputation comes purely from the company he keeps. None of it is of his own doing. And now, look at him. I was right to keep them apart. He has deteriorated into the worst sort of creature."

"How long did he continue in his suit?"

"Weeks. Months. Even after I ceased sending the missives on her behalf."

"He is a persistent fellow," Mr. Sumner said.

"As persistent as a rat after the cheese," Hawke said with a disdainful laugh. "And twice as repulsive."

The rest of the gentleman laughed.

"Well, who can blame him? She is a tasty piece of cheese." Mr. Percival raised his glass. "To the cheese."

"To the cheese," the rest of them said in unison and raised their glasses in salute.

The sound of their mocking laughter sent a chill burning down Gemma's spine. Colin. Hawke was the reason he hated her. Some ancient grudge her brother held against Sir Wilde was what had truly kept them apart. And Hawke had convinced their parents of Colin's unworthiness.

Indignation rose like bile in her throat, and she stepped from behind the pillar to address her brother.

Instantly, Mr. Everett stood to his feet, and Mr. Percival choked on his brandy -served the blackguard right, and Gemma hoped he'd never recover from it. A tasty piece of cheese, indeed.

Hawke glanced up at her as though the conversation she had just overheard had never happened.

"My lady," he said with a sickeningly gallant grin, standing slowly.

"My lord, I beg your pardon. I have had my fill of dancing this evening. If it pleases you, may we take our leave?" Her voice was level and in perfect control. A direct contrast to the turmoil that raged within her mind and soul. Her lifetime of practicing proper etiquette was her support now. She would not make a scene in front of the peerage for the wide world.

"Of course, my dear." He nodded and turned to his entourage, offering them a conspiratorial wink and a slight bow. "Gentlemen."

Mr. Everett bowed to Gemma. His smile was almost apologetic, but Gemma did not care to determine the depth of it. After all, he had toasted the cheese along with the rest of them.

Gemma curtsied and took her brother's arm, though her mind was spinning with all the ways she could injure him in the process. Patience, Gemma, she told herself. Soon enough they would be alone, and she would have her say.

****

Hawke led her back into the ballroom so they could say their farewells to the hosts. She stood awkwardly to the side as he laughed and joked with Mr. Smythe. Had he any idea how upset she was? Or how uncomfortable?

Gemma exhaled and crossed her arms, stealing a glance to her right, where the door led outside. A few more feet and she would be rid of this awful, torturous night.

Wilde suddenly appeared across the room. He looked unsure on his feet as he stumbled toward the door with a woman on one arm.

"Pity, for I would have liked to take my turn at taming that man tonight," a feminine voice said next to her. Gemma did not recognize the woman, but she was beautiful.

"Whatever do you mean?" Gemma asked, unable to tear her eyes away from Wilde as he whispered something into his lady friend's ear.

"The gossips have been absolutely dying with curiosity. Is he as heartbroken as everyone claims? What happened to Sir Wilde last Season that turned him into such a delicious rake? I would have liked to have my try at the man." She giggled. "But it is of no matter. I will simply be patient; after all, if he is as wild as everyone is saying, he'll be needing new companionship tomorrow evening."

Gemma felt her face flush as she looked away from Wilde and directly at the woman. "How do you mean to heal his broken heart? How does any woman successfully seduce a rake?"

"My, you are innocent, aren't you?" The woman threw her head back and laughed. "He does not want to remember he has a heart. Men are vulnerable creatures; when they offer a gift of love, and it is rejected, they are never the same. I aim to make him forget he had a heart to begin with. And whatever woman was stupid enough to reject him, well, I hope she is there to witness his behavior. After all, it is she who is responsible for the man he has become."

"The man he has become?" Gemma repeated as the feeling of dread descended into her belly.

"Why, yes! At this rate, Sir Wilde will be one of the most delightful rakes this Season, mark my words." The lady sauntered off and approached Wilde. She leaned forward, whispered something in his ear and waited. Wilde's smile turned seductive as he nodded his head once and then his eyes met Gemma's.

With a wicked grin, he winked and walked off with not one, but both ladies.

Tears burned at the back of her throat as she watched the exchange, willing Wilde to look back, to stop this ridiculous behavior. But he left.

"Are you ready?" Hawke said behind her. "It's positively sweltering in this place. Come along, dear."

****

Once safely away from the prying eyes of the gossiping horde, Gemma regarded her brother, who sat across from her in the carriage, speaking mindlessly of this lord and that debutante.

She sat with her hands folded in her lap, as befitting a gently bred lady of the peerage. With an almost imperceptible movement, she slipped her left hand from its place and drew off her glove. A bare hand would intensify the sting, and it was her dearest wish to leave a burning impression of her fury before he had a chance to realize what had happened.

With her right hand she gestured out the window and said, "Isn't that Sir Bryan?"

Hawke glanced out the window, leaning forward slightly to get a better view.

As he did so, she pulled her left arm high above her head and let loose a wild swing, landing the full force of her strength squarely across his right cheek. Never had she struck anyone in her life, let alone her brother, but the pain of it on her own palm and the sound of Hawke's cry was so satisfactory, she smiled wide in triumph.

Before her, Hawke clutched his face in agony and his eyes frantically searched hers.

"Gemma, what the h-"

"Truly?" Gemma interrupted his eruption. "Do not pretend, dearest brother, that you are not deserving of ten times that!"

His shock at both her physical attack and her verbal outburst was obvious. She had always been the sweet, proper lady with impeccable manners, no matter who was present. The full measure of her anger surprised her as well, but she was past caring.

"You... you..." She couldn't think of a word bad enough to capture his essence without loosing a torrent of expressions that would make a pirate blush - and so she did.

Hawke's face darkened into crimson. "Really, Gemma. Your language! Remember your station."

"Remember my-" Gemma couldn't believe his gall. Her control was long gone. She leveled her finger in his face. "You are a marquess! Yet you sat amongst those men and referred to me as a piece of... a piece of cheese! And you want me to remember my station?"

"Gemma," his voice was soft, as though he hoped to placate her. "You misheard what was spoken."

"Did I?" She was yelling at the top of her voice. "Did I also mishear the words spoken about you no longer sending my letters to Sir Wilde?" She lifted her hand as if to slap him once more.

The anger surfaced in Hawke's expression then, and he grabbed her hand and wrenched it away from his face, tightening his grasp when she resisted.

"You shall remember yourself, sister. You shall conduct yourself as the daughter of a duke, and you shall respect my authority regarding all decisions for your future. Do you understand?"

He leaned forward, glowering dangerously into her eyes. He twisted her arm slightly as if to emphasize his point.

Tears threatened to spill over, but Gemma held firm in her resolve not to let him know he was hurting her.

"Do you understand?"

"I do not." Her voice was barely more than a whisper.

"What was that?"

"I do not. I do not understand you. I will not accept your authority over me for another moment."

His confidence faltered for a moment, and she tugged her wrist from his grip.

"All my life I have been careful to be proper at all times. The proper daughter, the proper sister, the proper hostess, the proper lady. I'm done. And if you tell me I must marry whom you choose, I am telling you now, I resolve to seduce the first unworthy sod I meet. To the devil with the family name."

Chapter Four

A rake is never alone, yet always alone. Allow me to explain. A rake must exude his individuality while still managing to be the most popular gentleman about Town. At night, his bed must be warmed by a willing participant or participants, whatever his flavor. In the daytime, he must not rise too early, lest he raise suspicion that he has ambitions outside of whoring around, gambling, and drinking. He must always appear as if he has just had a tumble with one of his many mistresses, and at all costs - and this is a point on which I dare not waiver - he must always wear black. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

"Going to a funeral, Wilde?" Anthony filled his plate with food and went to sit at the large table.

"Yours. If I'm so lucky." Colin glared and poured himself a cup of steaming coffee. The night previous had not been kind to him. After his run-in with Gemma in the hall, he had thought it a brilliant idea to try his hand at the tables and see how much whiskey he could consume before the pain in his chest went away.

The answer was more than the host had available.

And his blasted chest still hurt.

Along with his head and his hand. Though he had no idea how he managed to injure his hand. He had hoped that upon seeing Anthony the mystery would be solved, for the only man he had wanted to wound, other than himself, had been Anthony, his dearest friend.

"Oh, Wilde, good morning." Lady Maddox strolled into the room and kissed her husband on the head.

"Morning," he grumbled.

"Who died?" This she asked as she eyed Colin up and down, tilting her head this way and that.

"My question exactly," Anthony interjected. "Though I daresay it is his mind that has been buried deep in the ground, never to return. I am sure his heart is down there somewhere, as well as his valet, considering he has refused to wear any color for the past four months."

"Thank you," Colin said through gritted teeth. "If my head did not feel like it had been trampled by a carriage, I'd have a witty response to your inane observation. As it stands, all I can manage at the moment is a curse. However, there is a lady present."

Lady Maddox grinned and swatted Anthony, who at that moment did let out a curse as he threw his newspaper to the ground. "Are you truly this bent on destruction, then? You want the rakish lifestyle and everything that goes along with it? By the by, you're dressing differently, leading women into darkened hallways-"

Lady Maddox cocked an eyebrow and regarded Colin. "Wilde, it sounds suspiciously like you have been reading my husband's private journal. Tell me you aren't following in Anthony's ghastly footsteps."

Anthony turned crimson.

Lady Maddox giggled. "Oh, yes. I've read it. Truly a work of art, darling. Ever think of having it published?"

"Please tell me you did not just admit to reading that piece of-"

"Fine literature," Lady Maddox finished. "And to be precise, Cordelia and I happened upon it. Quite interesting. I had no idea it was possible for a woman to-"

"Stop." Anthony held up his hand and looked helplessly around the room. "We are not discussing what is past. We are discussing Wilde's current path of self-destruction! Look at him!" Anthony pointed. Lady Maddox offered Colin a sympathetic smile and turned back to her husband.

"He is drinking coffee, my dear. He seems fine." She patted Anthony on the hand and sighed. "Besides, before we were married, every article of clothing in your possession was black or gray. Perhaps he is taking after your impeccable sense of style, hmm?"

Colin laughed at Anthony's irritated expression. Couldn't really argue that point, considering Colin was only mimicking Anthony's own good taste. He leaned forward and drummed his fingers against the table.

"Fine." Anthony exhaled. "But truly, I wrote those journals when I was but a lad of one-and-twenty. Rules have, er... changed."

"Have they?" Colin and Lady Maddox asked in unison.

"Of course." Anthony stared into his coffee.

"And how, my dear, would you know this?" Lady Maddox asked, crossing her arms.

"My dear, up until last year I was..."

"Whoring around," Colin finished for him. "Yes, we know. Now, will you help me or not? I mean to make certain my name is on the lips of as many women as possible. After all, does not your journal discuss the importance of keeping several mistresses at once?" He left out the part about Gemma's face last night and how her expression had finally pushed him to desperation. He'd hurt her just like she'd hurt him. Funnily enough, those brief few seconds when their eyes had met, he hadn't felt a thing. Not a blasted thing. He was finally numb. He'd looked into her eyes and his heart actually seemed to stop beating. He'd finally gone too far. If turning into a rake kept his heart in the same condition as it had felt in those brief minutes, then he would do it and never look back. It hurt too blasted much to continue on in this way. To continue living a life without Gemma in it.

Anthony choked on his coffee. "Apologies, memory's quite fuzzy on that one."

"Indeed," Lady Maddox added. "Shall I leave you to your plans then, gentlemen?"

Colin nodded. "That would be best. After all, your husband has to polish me into the worst sort of rake the ton has ever seen."

"God help us all," Anthony muttered.

"Well, if last night was any indication," Lady Maddox sighed, "you are halfway there. Good luck with your debauchery, gentlemen. I shall pray for your success."

Anthony cursed. "My dear, that is blasphemous!"

"So is keeping a journal of your rakish escapades in the same location as your Bible, love."

Colin burst into laughter. "And the point goes to your wife."

"I-" Anthony grunted. "My dear, if you will excuse us, it seems I have my work cut out for me."

"Absolutely." She grinned and quit the room.

"Quite the wife," Colin commented. Lady Maddox was Gemma's dearest friend, which normally would put Colin in quite the pickle, but it seemed that Gemma hadn't been conversing with her friends since her exile to the country. If they were still familiar, Colin would've had to find a different location to meet Anthony or Ambrose. It would not do to have Gemma suddenly show up and...

The butler entered into the room and cleared his throat. "Lady Gemma to see you, my lord."

Colin had just taken another sip of coffee and choked wildly as Anthony nodded his head. "I can see her in the hall."

"I am not afraid of seeing the woman, truly. She means nothing to me," Colin answered, too quickly.

"Which is why we are turning you into a rake?" Anthony called his bluff.

Colin cursed. "Just be quick about your business."

Anthony nodded to the butler. "You may send her in."

"Yes, my lord."

Within seconds Colin heard the pitter-patter of light footsteps, each one like a hammer to his chest. Would he never be rid of this unbearable pain?

He took another soothing sip of coffee and waited as the doors opened to the dining room.

"Lord Maddox." Lady Gemma offered a quick curtsy but never once looked in Colin's direction. To be fair, he was sitting at the far end of the table.

"What can I help you with, Lady Gemma?" Anthony rose and kissed the air above her hand.

Gemma sighed and then wrung her hands.

What the devil was she here for? And why Anthony, of all people?

"I need your help... to seduce a rake!" she blurted.

Colin choked for the third, or perhaps it was the fourth time that morning, this time nearly falling out of his chair.

"Oh." Gemma's face reddened. "Apologies, I did not know you were currently entertaining the devil. Perhaps I should return at a later time?"

Anthony was immobile. Colin wasn't sure if he should toss something at the man. He seemed frozen with shock. "Er..."

"Intelligent," Colin mused, though his voice was hoarse from all the choking.

"Oh, do shut up." Anthony snapped out of his state. "My dear, perhaps it would be best for you to talk to my wife about such things."

Gemma swallowed and looked down. "I have not spoken with her since my return. I fear she will be angry with me."

Anthony wrapped his arm around Gemma and escorted her to the door. "You know Bridget as well as I. Although her temper is quick, she is also very quick to forgive. I am a prime example of said forgiveness. Now off you go. I believe you'll find her in her favorite sitting room near my study. Conrad will direct you, my lady."

Colin saw her back straighten as she walked in the direction of Anthony's study. When Anthony walked back into the room, he slammed the doors and leaned against them.

"God is punishing me for my sins, I assure you. One desires to be a rake and the other wants to seduce one. This is my purgatory, my penance, my atonement." Anthony closed his eyes and cursed. "I need a drink."

Chapter Five

One does not simply jump on a horse without first asking the groom to saddle the beast. Gentlemen, let me put this in terms you might understand. When caring for your horse, you give it shelter, food, you brush its coat until it shines, you reward it with carrots, and you ride it when you feel the need for the wind across your face, or perhaps when you wish to show it off. Women are the same. You cannot simply feed one and expect her participation. No, you must first prepare her. You must compliment her, caress her, carry her on your arm like the trophy she is, and then, when she is fat and happy - much like your horse - you take her for a ride. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

"Gemma, what a delightful surprise!" Bridget stood and greeted Gemma with a wide grin. It had been five months since they had last seen one another, and Gemma had felt the separation deeply, with no one to confide in but her traitorous lady's maid.

"Oh, Bridget, I'm so happy to see you at last. It feels as though it has been an eternity!" Gemma hurried to her friend and embraced her, kissing her lightly on the cheek. "You look so content. I believe marriage agrees with you."

"Marriage to the viscount agrees with me. We both know I wouldn't have been able to endure any other man." Bridget laughed. She fairly glowed, and Gemma felt the slightest twinge of jealousy of her dear friend's happiness.

Not that she begrudged Bridget her happily ever after, by any means. But she had hoped... Gemma cast a longing glance over her shoulder toward the door, hoping for Wilde to come barging in, proclaiming his undying love for her. Of course, that would never happen. Hence the true reason behind her visit so early in the morning.

"I do wish to apologize for my long absence. For missing your wedding. My brother-" Gemma began.

"Do not think another moment on that, Gemma. Your brother's temper and rash decisions are well known to me. Though I have missed you desperately, I know it was not of your doing. As far as I am concerned, there is nothing to forgive."

Gemma breathed a sigh of relief. Her friend had always understood her better than anyone else.

Bridget gestured toward a sofa, and the two of them sat down together. Gemma clasped her hands in her lap and studied them intently.

"Is something else bothering you, sweet?" Bridget asked, taking one of Gemma's hands in her own.

"Yes. I'm afraid the full story of my brother's tyranny has only just become clear to me. I knew he removed me from Town in order to separate me from Sir Wilde's company, but I had no idea the depths to which he had stooped to keep us apart."

Bridget patted Gemma's hand in a comforting gesture and waited for Gemma to continue.

"I heard last night, from his own lips, a confession of what he had done."

"Oh, dear."

"He stopped sending my letters to Sir Wilde. Sir Wilde believes I spurned his affections." The last part was followed by an involuntary sob, though Gemma tried desperately to choke it back.

"That man!" Bridget gasped. She stood and began pacing angrily. "I would like nothing more than to take him down a peg or two for you! The absolute gall!" Moving to the mantle, she reached for her foil perched there, slipped it from the scabbard, and took a few practice swings through the air in front of her, before turning again to her friend.

"Would you like me to run him through with my blade? I haven't had opportunity to use it for several weeks."

Gemma smiled in spite of her tears. Her friend has always been quick to take up her cause.

"I am certain Hawke is not entirely without his merits, so perhaps we should let him live a while longer."

Bridget frowned. Her hope seemed deflated. "Very well. But you will alert me the moment you change your mind?"

"Of course." Gemma giggled.

Her friend reluctantly replaced her blade on the wall and returned to her seat beside Gemma on the sofa.

"I do have another idea, should you be willing to assist me..."

"I am willing. You have but to ask, dear friend." Bridget patted Gemma's hand once more.

"There is nothing that would gall my brother so much than for me to cause a scandal," Gemma said, allowing her voice to lower to a whisper.

Bridget's eyes widened. No doubt she was shocked to hear such vulgarity from Gemma's lips. Gemma had always been entirely proper, not even willing to suffer the appearance of impropriety. In fact, hearing her own voice producing the word scandal so casually brought a sudden burning to her cheeks. She wasn't completely at peace with the strategy. But she was completely without any other hope.

"A scandal? My sweet Gemma?" Doubt laced Bridget's tone, and she leveled her stare at Gemma with one raised eyebrow. "Are you certain that is what you want?"

"No. But it is my only recourse."

"For revenge?" Bridget asked, cocking her head to the side. "Or for love?"

Gemma met her gaze and they sat in silence for a long moment.

"I must seduce a rake. Will you help me?" she pleaded. If her friend refused, she would be left to her own devices, and she wasn't entirely certain it would be enough to tame Wilde and win his heart once more.

"Yes." Bridget squeezed her hand and smiled reassuringly. "You shall have your rake, sweet. You shall have him."

****

Four cups of coffee, two biscuits, and one terrible cup of tea later, and Colin still hadn't heard Gemma exit the house. "What the devil are they doing in there? She cannot be serious!"

"Oh, believe me, she seemed quite intent," Anthony muttered, peering through the crack in the door. "And the last time I underestimated that wife of mine, she not only bested me at swordplay but was able to convince half the ton I was interested in a footman."

Colin heard himself laugh for the first time in days. "I've never seen so many gentlemen hit on a person in my life."

"There is no need to revisit that dark time," Anthony muttered.

"Come along." Colin led the way out of the dining room and stood right outside the ladies' sitting room. He motioned for Anthony to put his ear to the door. They heard laughter, and what was that? Was Lady Maddox talking about murdering someone with her sword?

"What the devil are you two doing?" came Ambrose's booming voice.

"Shh!" Colin swatted his friend. "We are simply... er..." he swallowed and looked helplessly to Anthony. "Dusting."

"Interesting." Ambrose leaned toward the door. "And how does one dust a door without any tools? Hmm? Is that how servants are doing it these days? Merely leaning their bodies against the doors in hopes that the dust will jump from the wood to their clothing?"

Colin cleared his throat. "You see if I just lean against the door here..." He motioned to Anthony who rolled his eyes and leaned his back against the door as well. "And then move like so..." Colin shifted from left to right making sure to be gentle about the noise so the ladies in the other room would not catch them spying. "You'll notice I've done a very efficient job of-"

"Making a mess of yourself, yes, yes you have." Ambrose shook his head. "What the devil is going on here? You two were at each other's throats last evening and now you look thick as thieves."

"It is quite simple, really." Colin stepped away from the door. "He is going to teach me how to become a rake."

"I take it the journal hasn't been as helpful as you originally thought." Ambrose laughed.

"It is working just fine." Colin glared. "But not as fast as I would like. We know how much better I do with demonstration."

Ambrose shook his head. "I'm painfully aware of how you seek your knowledge. Was it not just last year that Anthony tried to teach you how to kiss a woman?"

"Yes, and he used a hunting analogy. Quite ingenious," Colin added, though since then, every time he went on a hunt he could not help but think of kissing, which meant he thought of Gemma, which led to him feeling empty and rejected once again. She had taken the fun out of everything in his life.

Ambrose's eyebrows pinched together. "I admit I am still at a loss as to why you are both staring at the door as if it is suddenly going to burst into flames."

"He's spying." Anthony pointed at Colin and shrugged. "And I am, um... supervising."

"Spying on whom?"

Colin sighed. "It seems Lady Bridget is going to help Lady Gemma seduce a rake."

At that, Ambrose burst out laughing.

A commotion was heard inside the room.

"They are going to hear us!" Colin half-whispered, half-yelled. "Quick, Anthony, Ambrose, do something!"

He did not even see the fist coming as it sliced across his jaw, sending him to the floor. Colin cursed a blue streak as the pain radiated to the back of his skull. The door swung open, revealing Bridget and Gemma, looking both smug and irritated.

"And that, gentlemen, is how to eliminate your competition!" Anthony shouted.

"Bravo," Colin said through clenched teeth.

Ambrose clapped in mock amazement. "That was quite brilliant, Anthony."

"Well." Anthony offered a hand to help Colin from the floor. "We are off. There is much plundering, pillaging, and drinking to be done!"

"Huzzah!" all men said in unison.

"Are they planning to become pirates?" Lady Gemma asked Lady Maddox as the men slapped each other on the back.

"Worse, I'm afraid." Lady Maddox sighed. "They are merely acting like themselves." She shrugged and winked in Colin's direction as though she wanted to reassure him. But nothing could help him anymore.

He would become a rake if it killed him. And it just might, by the measure of Anthony's wallop. For he wasn't sure he had what it took to be the type of rake he needed to be in order to sufficiently push Gemma out of his system. But he was going to try. By the saints, he was going to try.

Chapter Six

If a man truly desires to be a rake, he must at all times appear inebriated. It gives women the idea that he does not care a whit about propriety or society's rules. I remember at one time being guilty of dousing my clothes in alcohol merely to suggest that I had been out gambling and whoring all night rather than nursing a head cold. A rake can never be too careful. Many years ago a certain gentleman turned rake, forgot this little rule, and was discovered drinking tea at a gambling hell. Tea! The next day he was laughed out of the country. So you see my point. Liquor, my friends, liquor. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

"Are you sure this is wise?" Colin asked the following night at Beaumont's dinner party.

"But of course," Anthony assured him. "After all, you are halfway there. To be a true rake you must not be too polite, yet your smile must always be given freely to women."

Colin smiled.

Anthony shuddered. "Not like that; a man only smiles that wide when he wants one thing, and it isn't a woman. No, it's a good clout to the jaw. Now watch."

Anthony demonstrated the perfect rakish smile. Colin followed his example.

"I think you've got it." Anthony stepped back. "I have nothing left to teach you. Go on, young friend, find a willing woman, enjoy your drink, and do try to appear as if you are not still pining over Lady Gemma."

"Done." Colin smiled and left Anthony in search of a willing woman, one who would not only spread rumors of his rakish charm, but kiss away the pain of Lady Gemma's rejection. He took a turn about the room and froze.

Gemma was leaning against the wall, pinned was more like it, by a lothario of the first order, Sir Ainsworth, not the most dangerous of the group, but clearly not the type of man Gemma should be consorting with.

Without thinking, Colin pushed his way through the crowds and approached Gemma. He hated that he felt the need to rescue her, but clearly she was in over her head.

"I believe you promised me this dance," Colin said, smoothly taking her arm within his own.

"You remembered." She winked. Devil take him! When had she ever winked? Or shown any outward sign of emotion in a large group?

"That I did." Colin chuckled. "Oh, apologies, Ainsworth, I did not see you there. Must be that dreadful jacket, almost blends into the wall. Tell me, are you part of the decorations for this evening?"

The man glared.

Colin grinned. "Well then, that answers that. A good evening to you." His grip was probably a bit tight for Gemma's hand, but his irritation made it so. "What the devil do you think you are doing? You cannot seduce that man! He is not even a rake!"

Was he yelling?

Gemma grinned and fell into step with him as they danced. "Odd, he seemed perfectly rakish to me. What did you find lacking?"

Colin cursed and looked away. "Everything about him is disagreeable. The man cannot even dress! He should fire his valet, and he was eyeing you as if you were his dessert."

"Perhaps I wish to be dessert."

Colin growled. "At the rate you're going, I doubt you'll make it through the dance without me strangling you."

"Is that so?" She tilted her head and exhaled, her breath so near his neck that chills ran down his spine.

"Y-yes," he said hoarsely, then forced his eyes away from hers. "You must quit this foolishness about wanting to seduce a rake. It will not happen. You are too..."

Blast him. He was going to hurt her feelings again.

"Too what?" She purred.

When had her voice become so low? So feminine?

"Innocent," he snapped. "It will never work."

"Every woman begins that way." She chewed her lower lip and looked straight into his soul with her piercing blue eyes. "So you do not think my little ploy will work? I lack the ability to seduce any type of rake?"

"Absolutely." Though he doubted it the minute he said it. The woman could seduce a priest if she so desired.

"Very well. I shall simply have to strive harder." Her nails dug into the flesh of his back as she drew closer to him. "After all, don't they say that practice makes perfect?"

His breathing became labored as he watched her lick her lips. Wasn't he supposed to hate her? After all, he was attempting to turn over a new leaf just as Gemma was. But he could not pull away from her, not even if he desired it. He wanted to press her against the wall, to kiss that soft mouth and dip his hands into that thick red hair. Her pupils dilated, and he pulled her closer.

"You may practice all you want, my dear, but you shall fail."

He had to say something before he ruined her, before he made a fool of himself and was rejected for a second time.

"We shall see." She pulled away from him just as the music ended. Colin suddenly had the sinking feeling that it was he who was in over his head.

****

Gemma didn't realize she was holding her breath until she exited the ballroom and nearly ran Bridget down in the corridor.

"Gemma, you're positively blue. Please breathe!" her friend commanded, taking her elbow in a firm hand.

A sudden blast of hot breath escaped through Gemma's pursed lips.

"Do you think it worked?"

"I don't know that I can be certain," Bridget said, thoughtfully tapping a finger on her own lips. She turned to a shadowy figure behind her. "What do you think?"

Lord Maddox stepped out of the darkened alcove into the flickering candlelight of the corridor. He grimaced as though in excruciating pain.

"What do I think..." he muttered. "I think I'm going straight to Hell."

Bridget rolled her eyes and shook her head. "Ever the dramatic one. Of course you are hell-bound, you scoundrel. But the question is, will Wilde be joining you there, or does he still possess some redeeming quality in spite of your incorrigible influences?"

"Incorrigible influences! I'll have you know I have been a pillar of support to that fellow since we were in knickers."

With a raised eyebrow, Bridget stared him down.

"Very well. What is it I must do?"

Gemma loved to watch their interaction. Their playful banter did nothing to disguise how they adored one another. In their eyes there was a spark of hope for Gemma, that she might find the same with Colin.

"Penance," Bridget answered with mocking laughter. "For that dreadful journal. No less than you deserve, I assure you."

Lord Maddox cringed. "Just tell me, my dear, that it does not involve strawberries, and I shall do exactly as you bid."

"I make no promises in that regard, but to begin, offer the chap bad advice on wooing his women." She paused as though thinking better of it. "On second thought, offer him exactly the advice you would normally give. I've read your journal."

"My lady, may I remind you that you were won with such devices?"

"As I recall, you believed me to be blind when I did not succumb to your rakish charms."

"Perhaps I should employ a few strategies on you now?" He took a step toward his wife.

Gemma blushed at the suggestion. It was likely they had forgotten her presence. She cleared her throat to remind them.

"I apologize for interrupting, my lord, but if I might steer the conversation back to my predicament," Gemma said softly. The whole discussion was the height of impropriety, and she felt that she could sink into the floor from the weight of her shame.

Lord Maddox seemed to remember himself then and retreated a step, putting a respectable distance between him and his wife.

"Certainly, Lady Gemma. I do apologize."

"I believe you were right, my dear," Bridget said to him, a wry smile on her lips. "You are going straight to Perdition. Now, run along and do your penance. We will discuss your rakish employments later at length." She offered him a saucy wink that made Gemma's skin crawl with embarrassment.

Lord Maddox's wide, mischievous smile as he bowed only deepened Gemma's mortification. He planted a lingering kiss on his wife's fingers.

Gemma coughed lightly. "Perhaps you would like to move into a private room?" she whispered, half to herself. Her cheeks burned when she realized Lord Maddox had heard her.

He looked to Bridget and cocked an eyebrow questioningly, as though seriously considering Gemma's suggestion.

"No," Bridget said, though it was hesitant and hardly the resounding answer Gemma was expecting. "Go. Find Sir Wilde. Spread your rakish message to those who need it most."

"Just..." Gemma interjected once again before she could stop herself. "Don't do it overly well."

The viscount laughed. "My lady, I shall do my utmost worst."

Chapter Seven

Many a man have tried to follow in my footsteps, but how do you follow a legend? It is impossible, which is why every rake must set himself apart. I once knew a fellow who refused to wear a cravat. Women went mad. Another fellow would search the ballroom for one dance, and once he found someone desirable he would make a grand show of waltzing with her and leave the minute the dance was finished, with her on his arm! So, a fellow must ask himself, 'What is it I am good at?' Gentlemen, if you have to think too hard on this answer, then perhaps you should seek another goal. For a rake is good at everything and lacking in nothing. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

Colin couldn't see straight. In fact, he was so angry that he walked directly out of the ballroom into the cool evening air.

What the devil was she thinking? Seducing a rake! And the first man she encounters is that one? He bit down hard on his lower lip and crossed his arms. Where had the Gemma he fell in love with run off to? Granted, he liked her newfound confidence, a little too much if he was being honest with himself.

"Oh, I'm so sorry," a sultry voice said behind him. "I thought the balcony was empty."

"You and me both," he answered and turned.

Lady Priscilla gave him a saucy grin and winked. "I lied."

"Did you now?" Colin tried a rakish smile. After all, Lady Priscilla was quite famous amongst the gentlemen. Although she wasn't truly a lady, it was what every man called her, for she was one of the highest-paid courtesans in the ton. Rumors had run rampant two weeks ago, after one of her latest conquests dumped her for a true lady.

"What can I do for you?" Colin asked, clearing his throat and nearing the lady. Her perfume was so strong, he fought the urge to hold his breath and look away.

She batted her eyelashes and drew closer. "Shall we discuss it over champagne?"

"Of course."

With a ridiculously fake laugh, she threw her head back, exposing far too much flesh to the moonlight. "Wait for me right here." With that she turned and went back through the door.

"She loves chocolates," came the unmistakable voice of Viscount Maddox on Colin's right.

"What the...?" He turned around and came face-to-face with Anthony. "What the devil are you doing here?"

"What do you think?" Anthony grabbed Colin's arm and pulled him away from the door. "I agreed to help you with your first seduction."

"This is not my first-"

"Do you want my help or not?" Anthony demanded.

"I do." Colin sighed his resignation. Though he was certain this particular girl wouldn't take much convincing. He examined his friend, who seemed to be sweating profusely. "I say, are you all right?"

Anthony rolled his eyes. "Just thinking about my final resting place is all." He sighed and straightened his shoulders. "Lady Priscilla is very sensitive. You must not offend her."

"Right." Colin nodded.

"Begin by comparing her to Lady Hawthorne. She adores her and has always aimed to be just like her in every aspect of life."

"Cordelia? Ambrose's wife? Truly?" Colin wasn't entirely convinced.

Anthony scratched his head and looked away. "It is all truth. Also, and do not forget this lest you lose her before you even try to seduce the woman..." Anthony leaned in and whispered, "She loves poetry."

"Poetry?" Colin repeated. "But I am no poet! I hate poetry!"

"Make it up."

"Do you know me at all? I cannot simply make something up on the spot. I'll look like an idiot."

Anthony began to pace. "Allow me to help." He cleared his throat and took a stance in front of Colin. "Your hair is like a cloud."

"A cloud?" Colin interrupted.

"Have patience. I'm not finished," Anthony ground out. "Your hair is a cloud, dripping with rain. Oh, if I were grass that I could drink up the water. You would soothe my soul and make me... smile."

"It does not even rhyme!" Colin shouted.

"Poetry does not have to rhyme," Anthony argued.

"So you are a regular Byron now? Is it only a matter of time before I see you give a reading?"

"Of course. I've been thinking a great deal about my future in... poetry." Anthony coughed.

Colin opened his mouth to speak, but Anthony jerked his head toward the door and disappeared into the shadows.

"Ah, Lady Priscilla, a great pleasure." Colin took the offered champagne and clinked his glass with hers.

She gave a throaty laugh and sidled closer to him. "I've been looking forward to this for a long time, Sir Wilde." Closing the distance between them, she leaned up on her toes and rested against his chest.

"As have I." He took a soothing drink of the sparkling substance and set his face in his best smoldering rakish grin. "You remind me of Lady Hawthorne, so regal and beautiful."

"Lady Hawthorne?" Lady Priscilla repeated. Her face dropped into a frown and she rocked back on her heels. "Whyever would I remind you of that - that terrible woman! She is a nothing more than a... She stole Lord Hawthorne right out of my hands!" Lady Priscilla began to pace in front of him, then turned and poked Colin in the chest. "She stole everything I'd worked so hard to gain in that man! Eight months of fawning over him, and he drops me like a common, a common..."

"Hoyden," came a voice from beyond the balcony.

Lady Priscilla's head seemed to turn completely around and then finally face Colin again. Panicking, he did the only thing he could think of doing; he began reciting Anthony's poem. "You remind me of clouds." Cringing, he struggled to remember the rest of the poem.

"Clouds?" Her voice wavered on the brink of insanity.

"Yes, how they soak up the rain." Did clouds soak up rain?

"So now I am fat?"

"No, no, no, no!" Colin laughed. Terrible time to suddenly find the woman amusing.

Lady Priscilla's eyebrows furrowed as she scowled and looked away.

Colin cleared his throat and tried to salvage what was left of the poem. "It is just that your very face reminds me of..." What was the rest of the poem again?

"An ostrich," came a harsh whisper beneath the balcony. "Favorite animal."

"Ostrich!" Colin blurted.

Her eyes widened and she looked as though she was considering the best way to murder him. This was a nightmare.

"Oh, devil take it. What I am trying to say is, you are beautiful."

Softening, just slightly, Lady Priscilla batted her eyelashes and ran her fingers up and down Colin's arms. "And you are so handsome and strong. Let us find a place where we can talk... privately."

"Chocolate, the chocolate," Anthony mumbled beneath the balcony. Colin reached behind him and Anthony shoved a chocolate truffle into his hand. Must have stolen it from the dessert tables.

Colin grinned. Chocolate could cover a multitude of sins. "But first, my lady, a gift. Close your eyes."

"I love surprises." Her lids fluttered closed and a seductive smile curved her lips.

"Open your mouth."

She purred. The woman actually purred as her lips parted. Colin placed just a bit of the truffle into her mouth and waited for it to work its magic.

Lady Priscilla closed her mouth. "This is..." Horror washed over her features, and her eyes shot open. "Tell me that is not chocolate!"

"Of course! Chocolate is a rare..." Colin glanced frantically around him and cursed. "Delicacy."

"It makes me ill!" Lady Priscilla's lips began to swell. She leaned over the balcony and spit out the chocolate and cursed. With a final stomp of her foot she slapped Colin across the face and stormed away. Unfortunately, the balcony doors had just swung open, making it possible for the exchange to be witnessed by a few observant bystanders. The whispering began, and although Colin wanted the reputation of a rake, he wasn't about to face the gossip about what had just taken place on the balcony.

Quickly, he ran down the stairs and hid underneath the balcony. He glared pointedly at Anthony, who was wiping what looked like the remnants of a chocolate mist from his face.

"Chocolate? Poetry? Comparing her to Lady Hawthorne? I get the distinct feeling you are trying to sabotage me."

Anthony cursed and his face appeared to be the color of ash. "Sabotage? If you believe that, my friend, perhaps you should ask Ambrose for help. Or the infamous Sir Bryan! I am wounded to the heart, Wilde. To the soul!" He was protesting far too much, and the way he refused to meet Colin's gaze was cause for some alarm. "Listen, Wilde, I am married now. It might be that I am out of..."

"Intelligence," Colin ground out. "As well as your common sense! You cannot simply whisper what I should say to the woman while I am trying to seduce her!"

"I was going to say 'practice.'" Anthony scowled at him. "And why shouldn't I feed you your lines? I'm inclined to believe the trouble was in the delivery. It would have worked splendidly if you had done it right!"

"You are wiping chocolate from your face. That is exactly how well it worked. And look at my face - the mark of your infallible advice. She slapped me."

"Yes. I am sorry about that." But Anthony did not look the least bit sorry. "To be fair, I am going to Hell; therefore, I have lost any reason to do good deeds. Perhaps God is punishing me for my past?"

"Punishing you? I'm the one who is suffering!" Colin shook his head. "No, my friend, he's punishing me for sticking by you during your years of sin."

"No doubt," Anthony agreed. "We will just have to try harder to make you desirable to the opposite sex."

"Are you saying I am not desirable?" Colin's knees ached from crouching on the ground.

Anthony shrugged. "You look too innocent."

"Me?" Colin looked around. "I look too innocent?"

"You do not even have circles under your eyes. I've got it!" Anthony snapped his fingers. "Stay up all night. There is an establishment I used to frequent. I'll let the proprietor know to expect you. We'll have you looking like death in no time!"

"Ah, music to my ears."

"Ha!" Anthony slapped his back and grinned. "This shall be fun!"

Colin wasn't so sure about that. Not after the way the evening had turned out. Although the private journal had encouraged seduction, he found he was too tired to think about anything save finding his bed and blocking out the memories of having Gemma in his arms for one dance.

"Come along now. Let me show you how to live!" Anthony pointed toward the front of the house and laughed. Colin, however, cringed; especially considering the minute Anthony's speech ended, feminine laughter was heard overhead. And where there was laughter, there was trouble.

Chapter Eight

Gentlemen, my wisdom has come at a cost. I have fought a duel over some beautiful woman, only to find that her husband is a crack shot. To prepare for any, er, unfortunate accidents to befall, I suggest a membership at Gentleman Jackson's. You never know when a man may challenge you with his fists instead of a pistol. Also, it is always prudent to drink whiskey before one shoots his pistol; one never knows when a duel shall be given and a gentleman must always be prepared to hit his target even if whiskey clouds his vision. Practice makes perfect. Men, if you cannot shoot and you cannot fight, you have no business being a rake. To be honest, you have no business calling yourself a man but that is your business. Many wars have been fought over beautiful women, so tread carefully, my good men, and choose your battles wisely. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

When Miss Priscilla Standish entered the second time from the balcony, looking very upset, Bridget took Gemma by the arm and whispered to her, "I believe we should take some fresh air."

Gemma followed her swiftly around the room and through the open French doors onto the terrace. She glanced around and saw no one there. No one to have had dealings with Miss Standish.

Bridget guided her to the rail and leaned over the edge slightly, seeming to be looking for something or someone. When she drew back, she winked at Gemma and pointed down silently. Her voice was louder than necessary.

"Tell me, dear Gemma, who is it you've decided upon then? It's been ages since we've spoken."

"I..." Gemma began softly, but Bridget frowned and nodded adamantly at her then gestured below them again. Of course! Wilde could hear them.

She began again with exaggerated passion. "You know, of course, that my brother has been trying to pair me with one of his friends. A Mr. Percival in particular, but I cannot abide the man. And Hawke has been so unyielding in his treatment of me, I have decided to set my cap for someone he hates."

Bridget giggled. "Gemma, I never knew you to be so rebellious... I rather like it." Her smile was genuine. Between the two of them, Bridget had always been much more adventurous, the one to step outside the normal boundaries of acceptable behavior in order to be herself. Gemma had always been confined in her role as a proper lady, though it hadn't seemed restricting until recently. "So who is the fortunate gentleman?"

"There are so many my brother despises that it seems I will have my choice of quite a wide range of rogues. What do you think of Willington?"

From the ground below, something akin to a squirrel choking on a nut echoed up at them. Bridget smiled but spoke over the noise. "I don't know. He rather looks like my Great Uncle Alfred. And that is not a good thing. Have you considered Riley?"

"I suppose he would be acceptable. I've heard positively scandalous tales of what he does with his-"

A fierce gurgling interrupted her point, and she clamped a hand over her mouth to stifle a laugh.

"That is to say, he has an interesting way of tying his cravat. Have you seen it?" she said after clearing her throat.

"Hmmm... yes, I have seen that. So scandalous," Bridget said. "I have heard some intriguing reports of the exploits of Lancaster's heir. And he has always fit his breeches well, wouldn't you say?"

Gemma could feel the heat of embarrassment burn in her cheeks. The conversation truly bordered on indecency. If her mother were listening right now...

Below them the hedge rustled violently, and Gemma was certain that the noise she heard then was what it must have sounded like immediately before the eruption of Vesuvius at the destruction of Pompeii.

"Hawke does so despise that gentleman." She had already crossed the line of propriety, but then, one did not eavesdrop on a lady's conversation, even if that conversation was purely for the listener's benefit.

But the words that bellowed forth from the brush below were most certainly uncalled-for in any company.

Gemma's heart wedged in her throat when a dark form hoisted itself over the ledge of the balcony in an unbridled fury.

****

"Lancaster's heir! You cannot be serious! He has the face of a donkey and is half as intelligent!"

"Ah, Sir Wilde, nice of you to appear out of nowhere," Bridget said. Her mocking smirk took him somewhat by surprise. Had she been expecting him? It didn't matter. Not when Gemma was in danger of making a grievous error.

Nevertheless, he bowed his head in a contrite greeting. "Do pardon the interruption, Lady Maddox." Then he turned to Gemma and nodded. "Lady Gemma."

She only stared at him expectantly and asked, "Did you have business with us, Sir Wilde?"

He knew her choices no longer concerned him. He knew that she despised him and intended to marry a gentleman with a title. He knew they both moved toward different futures. But he would rather be drawn and quartered than let her become entangled with Oliver Quincy, the heir to the Duke of Lancaster. The man was an absolute menace.

"You shall stay away from Lancaster's heir or I will murder him in his sleep to effectively keep him from... from..." Colin's hand shook as he paced in front of Gemma. "From your ruin!"

"So now you are my knight? Coming to my rescue?"

Anthony climbed up the steps to the veranda and gave a sheepish wave in Bridget's direction, then braced Colin's shoulders. "He has had a rough go of it."

"What the devil do you have on your face, Anthony?" Bridget asked, peering at her husband.

"Chocolate," Colin grumbled. Too many distractions. If he could speak with Gemma alone, he was sure he could dissuade her from her current course. She didn't want to be involved in scandal. She wanted to be properly wed. She had many times told him so. The very thought of anything else was pure madness. If only the others would leave, he could make her understand the folly of trying to seduce a dangerous rake. Colin could talk sense into the confused woman.

A door clicked open behind them. Colin swore and prayed the ground would swallow him whole.

"Chocolate? Late-night desserts with Anthony? My, my, Wilde. You do realize the point of a rakish lifestyle is to seduce women, do you not? All this time you are spending with Anthony doesn't seem to fit, now, does it? By the by, was my brother the only willing participant to take you up on the offer of a late night... adventure?"

Gemma pursed her lips together and turned away. Colin swore again and felt his cheeks heat with embarrassment. There was no possibility of escaping this scene unscathed. Swallowing hard, he confessed. "Actually, I was speaking with Lady Priscilla. Out of nowhere, she began screaming at me. Though I only said what Anthony told me to say. I compared her to Lady Hawthorne, compared her to a cloud, and offered her chocolate."

Ambrose gasped, and then threw his head back and laughed. "Truly? Well then, you are an idiot. The woman despises Cordelia. She believes my wife seduced me. Imagine! Cordelia seducing anything but a potted plant is quite beyond me, but there it is. And poetry? Chocolate? There's not a gentleman in all the ton who doesn't know how Lady Priscilla feels about those things. I believe you have been the victim of some very poor advice, my friend."

Colin held up his hand. "A victim. It is safe to say the last thing I will do, from this moment forward, is listen to any of Anthony's advice when it comes to the fairer sex. There is no doubt in my mind that Lady Priscilla had it in her to toss me over the balcony."

"To be fair, you ended up there anyway," Anthony piped up.

Colin glared and turned his attention to Gemma. Her gaze accused him. Describing the interaction with Lady Priscilla had not improved Gemma's opinion of him. His words would have no effect on her anymore, but he had to try. The thought of her with any one of those rogues made his blood boil.

"This silly business of seducing a rake must stop. Think of your reputation."

Gemma arched an eyebrow at him and laughed. "When you have a care for your reputation, you may speak to me about mine."

"It is different."

"It is the same, I assure you. Tell me why you are allowed, even encouraged, to gallivant about, lifting skirts, and I'm subjected to gossip if I even speak of a desire to engage in-"

Colin swore, effectively cutting her off. He had no intention of listening to what her ideas of engaging activities were. "You will engage in nothing but knitting!"

"Is that a new type of seduction strategy I am unaware of?" Anthony asked as he slapped Colin on the back, but Colin was not distracted.

He pointed a finger in Gemma's face. "You will end up ruined and stuck with a man who has more mistresses than horses!"

"Not a terrible life..." Anthony added. His wife swatted him on the arm and rolled her eyes.

Gemma's eyes gleamed with fury. "At least I will not be a spinster."

Guilt nagged at Colin's conscience. "Sweetheart, you already are."

Gemma reared back as if slapped. Colin stood firm. Granted, he should not have said what he had, but his anger had spoken for him. To be honest, he was more hurt than angry. Why had Gemma only recently developed the need to rebel?

"Why, Gemma?" He spoke without thinking. "Why are you so bent on destruction now?"

With tears streaming down her cheeks, Gemma stepped toward him and answered in a calm voice. "I believe you should look in the mirror and ask yourself that question, Sir Wilde. I imagine our answers would be very much the same." Her final words delivered, she spun on her heel and stormed back inside, leaving the lot of them floundering in her wake.

"What the devil just happened?" Ambrose asked, breaking the silence.

"I..." Colin scratched his head. "Does she mean she is as hurt as I? Impossible." He began to pace. "It is impossible, and do you know why?"

Anthony opened his mouth to speak, but Colin interrupted him. "Because she hurt me. She rejected me. She chose her family over me! And all because I had a lesser title - because her brother asked her to leave it be! Do you know how many times I wrote her? And the final time I tried to speak to her, Hawke told me she never wanted to speak to me again, that she had moved on."

Anthony cleared his throat. "Clearly, that is not the case. Tell me, have you asked her?"

"Asked her?" Colin repeated.

"Yes." Anthony rolled his eyes. "It is called talking. Blokes do it from time to time, and apparently the ladies love it."

"I know all I need to know," Colin answered. "She chose a life without me; therefore, I have chosen a life without her."

"What was that bit of advice you gave me not long ago? Oh, yes. Wilde, perseverance is a virtue."

"This is not the same."

"You're right, of course. This time it is about you. Always a tougher pill to swallow when your advice is turned back on you, my friend." Anthony gestured toward the doors with a nod. "May I remind you, anything worth having comes at a dear price. At times at the expense of one's pride."

"I have no pride left," Colin said, staring after Gemma's cold trail.

"Then what have you to lose?" Lady Maddox asked.

****

It was working far better than Gemma had thought it would. She turned to glance over her shoulder just as Colin stepped through the doors. He was coming after her. She suppressed a triumphant smile. It wouldn't do to let the poor fellow think she had laid the trap for him. His eyes met hers, and he paused for a moment, running his fingers through his wavy hair as though trying to work up his courage.

"Gemma, where have you been?" Hawke appeared beside her, taking her arm in a rather tight grip.

"I've been talking with Lady Maddox on the veranda."

"Odd. I don't see her anywhere around." His fingers were digging into her arm. There would be a mark, she was certain. "And yet I do see that bumbling, good-for-nothing Wilde, who appears to be coming from the veranda just now." He pulled her around to face him, and looked down his sharp, aristocratic nose at her. His blue eyes seemed to pierce right through her. "Truly, sister? I thought I had made my position about that philanderer quite clear."

"And I told you," she said as she wrenched her arm free of his grasp. "I was speaking with Lady Maddox."

Hawke's eyes flashed with anger. She turned away from him and glanced toward Colin. He seemed to be frozen in place, his face pale, staring back at her in frustration. There was no chance he would follow her now.

"Father gave specific instructions, as you well know. You may as well stop gazing after him with your doe-eyes. That fellow is beneath your station, and therefore any interaction with him is out of the question."

She fixed her gaze on her brother. The vein on his temple was standing out, as it only did when he was nearing his breaking point. It wouldn't do to press him.

His temper was notoriously short and hot. But she couldn't help herself.

"As is my lady's maid to you." She waited for her meaning to sink into his thick skull and knew, when she saw the flame leap into his eyes, that her words had hit their mark.

Exasperated beyond speech, it seemed Hawke could do nothing but seethe and sputter.

That's right, you dirty cur, your slumming is far worse than mine. And everyone knows your Achilles' heel is servant girls and milkmaids.

"As I said... I was speaking with Lady Maddox."

His gaze traveled past her, back to the doors across the room, apparently noticing then that Lord Maddox and Bridget were entering from the same veranda. His eyes softened a little, and he glanced at Gemma.

"Please understand, dear sister. My only thought is for your reputation and your happiness. A bright future for you. A good match."

"Oh, there you are, Van Burge! They are calling everyone in to dinner." Mr. Percival stepped up beside him, and Hawke's expression promptly changed to one of nonchalance.

Percival lifted his arm toward Gemma. "May I escort you, Lady Gemma?"

Once again left with no choice, she took his offered arm and nodded, while inwardly she cringed. As he guided her to the dining room, she cast a backward glance to where Colin had stood, but he was gone.

Chapter Nine

My dear fellows, if a woman seems too amiable, or perhaps a bit too excited to be in your presence, tread carefully. A woman worth having is rarely eager, and if she is, you, my friend, are either walking straight into her trap or you are just a cheap substitute for the sorry bloke she's trying to get over. Let it be known that rakes never go for the easy prey. Any fellow with two eyes and a... ahem, I digress. Any fellow could do that. No, gentlemen. Find the woman who is agreeable yet distant - beautiful yet cautious. Seduce her, and you may finally call yourself a rake. Seduce the spinster, and congratulations... you are just like every other gentleman. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

He hadn't seen Gemma in two days, and he was already driving himself mad. Sleep would not come, and every time he tried to do as Anthony instructed, which always did more harm than good, he ended up in a pickle.

Just the night before, Colin had decided it was time to visit a gambling hell. Anthony had suggested The Dungeon. The minute Colin had walked in he was accosted by a large barmaid. He'd tried to escape. He truly had. After all, hadn't Anthony said he'd made all his early conquests at this establishment? Surely not! For every woman had looked old enough to be Colin's mother, or his grandmother.

He'd backed slowly away from the woman, but hell's teeth... she was strong! She'd taken him by the lapels and force-fed him whiskey until his eyes blurred and his teeth went numb. The rest of the night was quite fuzzy, but he could have sworn Anthony showed up and slipped some blunt to the woman before hauling Colin's foxed self home and slapping him on the back for a job well done.

At least Colin looked the part tonight. After all, it was Vauxhill Gardens, the fireworks would be magical, and the many trails through the park would provide enough privacy for a midnight seduction. He only hoped there would be a woman willing to take the darkened trails with him.

Near him, a woman purred."Sir Wilde, is that you?" Perfect timing. He steeled his face against the grin that was threatening to show itself and slowly turned.

"Ah, Lady Montgomery, how do you do this fine evening?" He purposefully lowered his gaze to her bosom, pausing for a brief second before meeting her eyes and winking. "Beautiful as always, I see."

Lady Montgomery pulled out her fan and giggled. "We are familiar, are we not? Please, call me Alice."

"Then allow me the same. I imagine Colin would sound lovely across those lush lips of yours."

"Colin." Her eyelashes fluttered, and for some reason Colin found himself slightly irritated. He shook his head to focus.

"I was just thinking what a lovely evening it would be for a walk." He held out his arm. She looked at it then behind her.

"And what of the fireworks?"

"Ah yes, the fireworks at midnight." Colin tilted her chin with his free hand and smirked. "Shall we make our own?"

With one last look behind her, Alice nodded and took his arm, following him deep into the dark garden trails.

"Oh dear, my fan!" Alice exclaimed the minute they were past the first few trees.

"Allow me." Colin backtracked and located the fan immediately; she must have dropped it. He brushed it off with his gloved hands and stood, just in time for his head to hit the low-hanging branch. With a curse he fell to his knees.

Devil take it! His eye throbbed with pain as he continued cursing into the night air. Where was Alice? He tried to open his eye but failed. Stumbling to his feet, he walked in the direction she had gone, trying his best not to allow his one bad eye to stop him from this seduction. After all, true rakes could seduce a woman if they were blind. Surely he could do the same! Resigned to his mission, he marched down the path and noticed Alice sitting on a bench near the middle of the trail.

He covered his eye and sat down next to her. "My lady, your fan."

"Thank you." Her throaty reply somehow made the pain dissipate in his eye, but it was only a brief reprieve, for the next minute, as he leaned in to kiss her, the fireworks went off, causing Alice's head to slam against his in surprise.

Make that two black eyes. Perhaps he could shoot for a third bruise? After all, the night was young!

"Oh! Oh dear! I'm so sorry, Colin. I-"

"-Lady Montgomery!" a voice shouted.

"Oh no," Alice wailed. "You must hide me!"

"Hide you?" Colin sputtered. "Why the devil would I hide you? Need I remind you, you are an adult, a widow to be exact, and you are able to-"

"Oh, do shut up!" Alice smacked Colin on the shoulder. "I am newly engaged! If Hawke finds me, I will be ruined!"

"Hawke?" Colin repeated. "Do you mean the Marquess of-"

Alice put her hand over his mouth. "It was just arranged! It is a smart match. My money and his money will-"

But she did not finish speaking. Instead, she ran into the bushes headfirst and stayed there while Colin was left alone on the bench, nursing two black eyes and a headache at his temples.

"Oh, it is you," Van Burge said once he came into view. "I thought I heard a woman's voice."

"Yes, sometimes I speak higher in order to amuse myself." Colin rolled his eyes. "Good evening, Van Burge."

"Say..." Van Burge stood in front of Colin, blocking his path of escape. Perhaps he would get lucky and find himself knocked out? "Have you seen Lady Montgomery?"

The bush next to Colin's boots moved erratically.

He sighed heavily and cursed. "Can't say that I have. Tell me of whom you are speaking again? I find the women I spend my time with begin to have the same needy face. It is often difficult to tell them apart."

"If you touch-"

"I haven't." Colin glared. "Now, run along. It seems you are missing your fiancee."

"Yes, well... good evening."

Colin shook his head and made his way toward the main path. Of course he would try to seduce Gemma's brother's fiancee. It did nothing but affirm his original fears. He would be joining Anthony in the Lake of Fire.

The walk back was interrupted by yet another snag. Gemma's voice. Without thinking, Colin hid. A man was speaking to her about the fireworks. She laughed her musical laugh that, unfortunately, did nothing for his headache or his heart. Deciding he'd had enough pain for the evening, Colin turned to go back a different way, when his head hit yet another branch.

He fell to the ground cursing. "Are all trees united against me now? Has nature taken a vote and decided I am no longer deserving of respect?" He threw his fist into the air and continued yelling at the offending tree, when all of a sudden his blurry eyes focused on Gemma and her escort, Mr. Everett, as well as Gemma's maid.

"Are you unwell?" Mr. Everett asked.

"I am perfectly fine, just having a conversation..."

"With a tree?" Gemma asked, her eyes widened in either horror or amusement - he wasn't quite certain which, considering he was seeing at least six sets of eyes at the moment.

"Has the tree... offended you, Sir Wilde?" This from Everett, who was now coughing with disapproval behind his hand.

"Yes." Colin cursed again. "For it is erect, while I am on the ground suffering from a headache."

"Well, we shall leave you to it, then." Mr. Everett chuckled. "Come along, Lady Gemma."

"But..." She looked down at Colin and frowned. "He might have a head injury."

"Then perhaps he should stop living his current lifestyle of debauchery and try to keep himself from consuming his weight in whiskey. After all, his eyes are bloodshot, and he looks completely foxed! He's speaking to trees, for heaven's sake! Come along, my lady, you are in my care, and I will not have you ruined." Everett wrapped his fingers around Gemma's arm and gestured toward the path.

Gemma pulled her arm from his grasp and took a step toward Colin. Was she going to stay? Nurse him back to health? Kiss his wounds and... Colin had to stop daydreaming, lest he become aroused. That was the last thing he needed, for rumors to spread that not only did Colin talk to trees, but they affected him in ways... he could not even complete the thought. It was too horrid to dwell on. He closed his eyes.

"See? He has already blacked out!" Mr. Everett exclaimed.

Colin waited for them to leave. Though it took more coaxing, Gemma finally relented, and he was left under the tree, wondering how this night of seduction had ended so horribly. At least now he was alone, able to nurse his headache without any irritating-

"Wilde! Got yourself in another scuffle, did you?" Anthony laughed raucously.

Colin gestured something inappropriate with his hand and moaned. "Leave me be! Let me die in peace."

"Trees do not kill people."

"Can embarrassment?" Colin wondered aloud.

Anthony sat next to him on the ground. "I take it the seduction did not go as planned?"

"I found the perfect woman. She was beautiful, not too amiable, and available for an assignation."

"What was the problem? Lacked the courage, eh, Wilde?"

"We were interrupted by Van Burge. It seems Lady Montgomery has gotten herself a fiance."

Anthony burst out laughing. "But of course she did. They announced it just last night. Where the devil were you?"

Colin hit Anthony in the leg and cursed. "You know blasted well where I was last night! The same place you told me you used to frequent. The women had more facial hair than the men, and don't think for one second that I did not see money exchanged between you and that bearded barmaid."

Anthony shrugged. "I have no idea what you mean. Are you foxed?"

"No," Colin ground out. "But I am going to go home."

"The night is young! Rakes do not quit when things get difficult; they press on! There are plenty of women. Persevere, my friend!"

"I want my bed! I do not want more whiskey. I despise the smell of most women's perfumes, and by my soul, if you tell me to go to another gambling hell I will strike you!"

"But you are a rake!"

"I am not a rake!" Colin all but yelled.

Anthony muttered something under his breath that sounded a lot like finally before he pushed to his feet and offered Colin his hand. "Tea, my friend. Go home and drink some tea."

"And tomorrow? What do I do tomorrow?"

Anthony pulled out a cheroot and lit it. "Tomorrow, my friend, is a new day. But I imagine if you put this rake business behind you, you will see life isn't as bad as you've made it out to be."

"It is."

"It isn't." Anthony slapped him on the back. "The best remedy for a broken heart is not to get under the first woman you see, or over, if you get my meaning. Time. Time is the best remedy. Well, that and tea with a splash of whiskey, but that was always my preference. Go home, Wilde."

Chapter Ten

Gentlemen, there comes a time in every man's life when he has to ask himself the question, "Am I a rake? Or simply a gentleman who believes himself to be a rake, when truly all I want to do is sit on my backside and read?" If you paused after asking yourself this question, you have your answer. If you asked the question in the first place, then it is safe to say you never were a rake to begin with. For rakes do not question their purpose. They define it. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

Gemma couldn't help but glance back over her shoulder toward Colin as Mr. Everett led her back up the path. They had left him there, lying in the dirt. It ground against every fiber of her being to leave him there without providing assistance, making sure he was well.

How forlorn he'd looked there in the shadows, cursing the tree that had fallen him. Her heart had gone to him, but her escort would not allow it. What had he said to her? He would not have her ruined. By helping an injured man? Everett had seemed the most congenial of Hawke's friends, but he was proving to be like every other man in her life: wanting to control her and keep her under his thumb.

Her mind returned to Colin. Only he had not tried to control her. He had ever been the gentleman.

"The fireworks are lovely, are they not?" Everett's voice interrupted her thoughts.

"Hmm? Oh, yes. Lovely," she answered half-heartedly.

Everett patted her hand on his arm and smiled. "Do not fret about Sir Wilde, my dear. Men like him are never alone for long."

No doubt he meant it to comfort her, but his words had the opposite effect. Her throat tightened, and she glanced over her shoulder once more.

"What do you mean?"

"Only that men of his reputation are never lonely long. Someone will come along to-" He cut off the thought, seeming to suddenly remember with whom he was speaking. "Think no more on him, sweet. Let us speak of something more worthy."

"More worthy? What might that be, Mr. Everett?"

He smiled warmly, and a surreptitious twinkle lit his eyes. Lifting his hand, he gestured to a marble bench just off the path. She followed him to it and sat where he indicated.

"We might speak of the stars," he said, as he took the seat next to her and pointed to the sky.

Gemma looked up at the inky black sky, where the stars blinked back at her. They had never held much fascination for her. Hardly a worthy subject, as he had put it.

"We might speak of the flowers," he said and slid closer, waving his hand in a sweeping gesture at the bushes around them.

She glanced at the blooms, tightly closed up for the night all around her. Their fragrance hung faintly in the air, but they seemed shriveled and tired.

His warmth seemed to increase at her side, and she knew he was drawing closer still. Far too close for appropriate association.

It was then Gemma realized Pearl was no longer with them. The girl had been so quiet, Gemma wasn't entirely certain at what point she had left them.

"We might speak of your lips," Everett said, leaning ever nearer.

No. No. No. Gemma cringed inwardly, but held herself together enough to sound confident and in complete control of her own emotions.

"That hardly sounds like a proper subject, sir." She was afraid to look at him. Afraid it might give him the impression of an invitation. Instead she looked anywhere but at him, then abruptly stood, wringing her hands. "Whatever happened to Pearl?"

"Your lady's maid? Your brother had need of her." He reached for her arm and pulled her back down to the bench. "Do not worry, Lady Gemma. We are completely alone here."

"That is what worries me, sir."

He laughed. It sounded like a mixture of amusement and irritation. "You have nothing to fear of me, dear Gemma."

His familiar use of her name drove an icy shock through her.

"My brother would never allow me to be alone with a man, Mr. Everett. Surely he did not intend for my maid to leave me without a chaperone. It was his order that she accompany us in the first place."

"It is your brother who chose this moment to call her. It is his dearest wish that you and I come to an understanding, my love."

Gemma tried to stand again, to put space between them. Hawke would never put her in this position! Alone in Vauxhill Gardens at night with a man? Everett held her arm tightly, refusing to grant her retreat.

"Come, sweet. It is my intention to marry you. Your family approves. You yourself have told me I am preferable to Percival and Sumner. And I am certain, given half the chance, I can convince you of the reasons you would prefer me to any other man." He lifted her chin toward him with his free hand and inclined his head toward her.

She tried to pull away, but he held her in place. His lips slowly descended. She closed her eyes, not out of passion, but out of complete disgust. So this was how it was going to happen? She would be ruined in Vauxhill Gardens, ruined to marry the man of her brother's choosing - a man who was completely like her brother in every way. No doubt her brother had the whole thing planned out. Any moment now he would burst through the brush with two or three witnesses to catch them in the act, then force them to be married. The thought was revolting.

And then Everett's grip on her eased, followed by a curse. Gemma opened her eyes. Shock washed over her. Colin stood over Everett with a sneer on his face, holding him by the cravat.

"Leave in peace. If you speak of this to anyone, I will gut you from head to toe." Colin pulled Everett to his feet and punched him squarely in the jaw. "On second thought, I believe I would enjoy that experience entirely too much. So tell whomever you please; just know I shall be coming for you. I know I will look forward to it."

Everett stumbled as he ran away.

Colin's eyes were full of concern as he turned to Gemma. "Are you hurt?"

For a moment Gemma was in shock. She stared at him.

His shoulders rose and fell with rapid breath. He repeated, "My lady, did he hurt you?"

"No." It was all she could choke out.

Colin's eyes traced her from head to toe, as though he were checking for injuries. When he was satisfied she was unharmed, his gaze returned to her face. After a moment his countenance suddenly changed, and he took a step back.

"Oh. I see. I interrupted your tryst. I... I do apologize. I thought... that is to say, it looked as though you were struggling. I should have known... but then Everett isn't widely known as a... I do not remember you being so... I am sorry. I have ruined your seduction." He turned as though to leave.

Panic rose in Gemma's chest. He thought she had been participating! And he was going to leave her there in shame. She had to stop him. She had to let him know the truth.

"Wait! You won't leave me here in the garden alone!"

Colin stopped in his tracks and spun back to face her. A fire burned in his eyes.

"Why not? You seem set upon ruination. I'm sure if you wait here long enough, another willing fellow will come along to take that one's place. You are a pleasant-looking woman. There are few who could resist your charms."

"My charms? Was it not just last week you told me I had no hope of seducing even the basest of rakes?"

He took a step nearer. The thought occurred to Gemma that if she could provoke him, he would stay. And the longer he stayed, the better chance she had of drawing him back to herself.

"I was merely trying to save you from this path of destruction on which you have clearly set your mind." He took another step toward her. "I do admit, I had hoped to deter you from your course, but I must recant my words from before. Congratulations. Everett. A worthy prize, and no doubt to seduce him required all your feminine wiles. You did far better than I would have imagined. As much as it pains me to confess it, I believe your accomplishment far exceeds my own."

It was working. Gemma concealed her hopeful smile and pressed further. She stood and took two steps toward him.

"Surely not, Sir Wilde, for your exploits are well-rumored about the ton."

He shook his head and looked aside to the shrubs. "I fear the rumors have been much exaggerated."

She advanced a few more steps. "How is your head?"

His gaze shot back to her, momentarily holding confusion. "My head?"

"Your conversation with the tree."

"Ah, yes." Colin moved toward her a few more steps. "It is as well as can be expected."

They stared at each other for a moment of thick silence.

"I have a confession," Colin finally said, lowering his voice.

"What is it?"Gemma asked. Her eyes wandered to his lips. He was close enough then to see his features clearly.

"I am a miserable rake." He seemed to scrutinize her reaction. She held her response in check and waited for him to continue. "I fail miserably at every opportunity."

"I see," she whispered and stepped forward, closing the last few feet between them. "Perhaps... perhaps you should show me what you are doing, and I can tell you what you are doing wrong." The words were out of her mouth before she realized what she was truly saying, but she could hardly take them back now, and truly, she had no desire to do so.

Before she could talk herself out of it, she reached a hand up and fingered the lapel of his coat.

****

Colin hadn't meant to react so out of character. Rarely was he the man saving damsels from distress, but in this instance, all he had seen was her face. A look of pure horror had crossed her features when Everett had made his advances, and then an expression of disgust. He would kill the man for touching her.

And then, in a moment of clarity, it had occurred to him. Perhaps she'd welcomed Everett's advances. The nausea that had washed over him had been so strong, he'd had to pull away, had to say those awful things, or else he'd been afraid he would crumple at her feet.

And now, now that her hands were on the lapels of his jacket, urging him forward, he lost track of all time. Her lips were moving, most likely forming words, but he heard nothing. All he could do was watch as her breath hitched, and then her lips, those delicious lips that he'd dreamt of claiming so many times before, lay across his.

Her kiss was cautious. He hadn't expected that, not from the woman who was not but minutes ago being seduced or perhaps seducing another man. Warmth spread through him, forcing him to throw caution to the wind as he wrapped his arms around her petite frame and pulled her to himself. His mouth opened to hers, and he very happily allowed himself to become lost once again in Gemma's arms.

"What the devil!" a muffled voice said from a distance.

Colin couldn't have cared less. He tugged on Gemma's lower lip. Blazes, how she was sweet.

"Get off my sister!" A strong hand pulled Colin back from Gemma.

But he did not look to see to whom that hand belonged. No, all he wanted to see was the look of desire on Gemma's face. Her eyes gave her away, she was just as affected as he, and suddenly he was transported back to an easier time. A more innocent time, where they had been able to kiss, to touch, to dream of a time when they could be together.

"After everything I have done to keep the two of you apart, you still fight me?" The marquess laughed and stood in front of Colin, blocking his view of Gemma. "Do you realize what could have happened? Ruined! You could have completely ruined her!"

Colin's body turned cold. "Is that not what you had planned for this evening? To find your sister in the arms of a willing man in order to arrange her marriage to a man of your choosing?"

"Well, I-" Van Burge cleared his throat. "This does not concern you, Sir Wilde. Run along."

"In truth, this concerns me a great deal. You caught your virgin sister in my embrace. That means-" Colin stated, rather boldly, considering the circumstances.

"It means if you have any sense left, you will not speak of this to anyone... ever." He straightened his jacket and turned to Gemma.

Colin should have warned the man.

But then again, if she hadn't thrown the first punch, Colin would have had to.

Her hand connected with her brother's jaw with a sickening crack. Caught by surprise, he tumbled to the ground.

"How dare you!" she screamed at him.

"How dare I?" Van Burge laughed as he massaged his jaw. "I dare because I am your brother! I dare because you are my responsibility! And I will not see you engaged to a mere knight!"

Colin flinched. His eyes searched Gemma's as her gaze locked with his.

"What would people say? You are the daughter of a duke, Gemma. Be reasonable."

At that, Colin had to laugh. Clearly Van Burge was the least reasonable of the bunch, but he didn't find it a prudent time to point that little fact out.

The marquess strode toward Colin. "If you dare pursue her again, I will end you. Do you understand?"

Colin looked past him to Gemma. She was shaking. Her entire body was slumped over in defeat.

"I understand."

Van Burge grinned smugly and turned back to Gemma, but Colin wasn't done speaking.

"I understand you are a terrible excuse for a brother, a rotten human being, and an altogether selfish individual. I understand, Van Burge, but I do not agree to the terms." Colin inclined his head to Gemma and then slowly backed away from the scene. After all, the marquess was her legal guardian; he was also a man and could do anything he wanted with Gemma. But that didn't mean Colin had to like it, nor did he have to stand by and watch her slowly crumble at the hands of her evil brother.

He had all but admitted to trying to keep them apart. The sting of rejection that was ever present in his chest began to ease as he realized that perhaps Gemma had been in love with him all along.

Chapter Eleven

Gentlemen, do not get down on yourselves if you are not able to keep up with the rakish lifestyle. Few succeed, and hundreds fail. Remember, there are worst things in this life. After all, you could be French. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

"A letter, m'lady," the lady's maid announced, bounding into the room as though she owned it. She tore back the drapes, and the sun sloshed into the room, burning through Gemma's closed eyelids.

"Pearl..." she groaned. "Can it not wait until a decent hour?"

"No, m'lady. Orders from the marquess himself. The letter's from yer mum!" she said, with far too much exuberance. Her admiration for Hawke fairly bubbled out and hung on the girl like leprosy.

Definitely akin to leprosy, Gemma thought as she stretched and peeled back her duvet reluctantly. Hawke was a scourge. Gemma had half a mind to marry the first sod to come along, if only to be rid of her brother's particular plague.

And Pearl.

Gemma had to begin thinking about a new lady's maid. Perhaps Julia, the scullery. She seemed unfazed by Hawke's charms. Of course, she was eighty-three if she was a day, so it was unlikely the marquess had been chasing her around the kitchen.

She sat up and swung her legs over the edge of the bed. Pearl met her there with a pair of slippers and her housecoat. Gemma reached for them with another discontented murmur.

"Why is it, Pearl, that the marquess has nothing better to do so early in the morning than rouse me from my slumber? His night was as late as my own."

"Later, I'd wager," Pearl announced with a girlish giggle, then had the decency to blush when she apparently realized what she had just confessed.

Gemma could feel her own embarrassment rising to her cheeks, but she turned away from the girl, slipped her arms into the robe Pearl held for her, and pretended not to understand.

"Where is his majesty? In Father's study?"

"Why, he's still abed, m'lady. He received the letter when he came in last night, but gave orders you should get it at first light o' day."

"How thoughtful." Gemma could imagine how Pearl had come to be privy to these orders. Though she wished she could scrub the image from her mind. She closed her eyes in hopes that would work.

No such good fortune.

"Pearl," Gemma said, lifting the envelope from her desk.

"Yes, m'lady?"

"Please have Cook make the marquess a special breakfast. Let her know he had a long night, and I insist he be treated to Cook's delightful morning casserole. She'll know the one I mean."

Whatever she already had cooking, seasoned with a generous dose of castor oil.

Though Hawke had all the housemaids wrapped around his aristocratic fingers, he had long since burned bridges with Cook. A terrible mistake on his part, and one Gemma was only too happy to capitalize on. Cook and she had a common bond, and they had often schemed together for ways to make Hawke's life miserable - or at least ways to keep him occupied in his closet a large portion of the day.

Gemma couldn't help but laugh. He would never know what hit him.

"Yes, m'lady. Straight away." Pearl scurried from the room, as though life itself depended on her haste.

Turning the letter over in her hands, she noted the seal had already been broken. There was no doubt Hawke already knew the contents of the missive. It must have pleased him, or he wouldn't have bothered her so early. And if it pleased him...

Oh, no.

Gemma lifted the letter. She couldn't keep her hands from trembling as she opened it and scanned the message. Her stomach dropped like a millstone to her knees as she read:

Dearest Daughter Gemma,

We have the most wonderful news for you. Your father has entered negotiations for your betrothal to the heir to the Bridgewater dukedom. A duke! Can you imagine such a prize? I can't wait to describe to you what the old fellow has done for the sake of your hand!

Though I can say your father was so pleased with Bridgewater's title and fortune, the man hardly needed to go to such extremes.

I will write again soon, my dear, with a detailed account. For now, your father awaits me for our visit to the Taj Mahal.

Yours, Mother

No. It couldn't be. She hadn't even met the man. And there hadn't been enough time to win Wilde back. And old? Her mother had said 'the old fellow.'

And Hawke was pleased.

If only she could change Cook's order to arsenic... she would eat the concoction herself.

Gemma felt her legs give way, and she crumpled to the ground with a mournful wail.

No.

God, please. No.

Somewhere deep in her soul a dam burst, and the tears flowed in torrents. The most excruciating despair she had ever known erupted from her innermost being in the form of unintelligible groans, and she collapsed in a heap on the floor and wept bitterly.

How long she stayed that way, Gemma wasn't certain, but when she finally rose and wiped her face, the sunlight from the window had shifted to the middle of the room. She had spent every ounce of her sorrow, and there was nothing left in her to cry.

Gemma moved to the washbasin and used the cloth to wipe away the tearstains and soothe her red, puffy eyes.

A glimmer of hope sprung to her heart.

If her mother and father knew how she truly felt about this union, they would never force her to accept Bridgewater's offer. Surely not. In spite of their firm doctrine of marrying within one's station, they had her best interests at heart. They would want her to be happy.

She could write to them - explain everything. They would understand. They would relent. A bargain, perhaps? They could give her a year to find another suitable match, someone they could approve of? Her parents would agree to that. They weren't completely without hearts, after all.

Yes. A letter.

And if that didn't work... there was always Cook's special cod dish with mint arsenic sauce.

Gemma sat at her desk and pulled out several sheets of the stationery her father had given her on her last birthday. The same stationery upon which she had written numerous missives to Colin. The missives he had callously disregarded when she had been exiled to Brookshire those long months.

Never once had he responded.

Never once had he traveled to meet her, even when she'd alerted him to her upcoming rare visits to the local villages, outlining for him the perfect place he might meet with her without her brother's knowledge.

Of course, she knew now. Hawke had intercepted all letters addressed to Gemma. He would have read them - after all, he'd even read the communication from her own parents. So Colin might have responded, but such a letter would never have made it into her hands.

She arranged the sheets of lilac-scented stationery on her desk and reached for her quill. Brushing the soft feather against her lips for a moment, she closed her eyes and remembered Colin's embrace. Her one moment of reckless joy in her otherwise perfectly proper life.

No. Gemma couldn't marry Bridgewater. She wouldn't marry Bridgewater. Her heart belonged to Sir Colin Wilde, and her parents must be made to understand.

She dipped the pen into the inkwell and brought the sharpened tip to her paper to begin her letter, but no ink followed the trail of her well-formed script. The well had run dry.

Gemma searched her desk drawer for another bottle of ink, but there was none to be found. Her father kept a good supply of ink in his study.

Hawke wouldn't be in there. By now, Cook's morning casserole had likely found its mark, and the marquess would be safely tucked away in his closet for several hours. A smug but pleasant grin played on Gemma's lips. Oh, to have seen the look on his face when that dish had begun its work on his innards.

As for the letter, if she sent Pearl for the ink, the girl would only report the tidbit to Hawke. Gemma would have to retrieve it herself.

****

The ink was in one of the desk drawers. She remembered seeing her father putting the bottle in there after refilling his own inkwell long ago. One of the drawers on the left, she was almost certain.

Rummaging through the drawers felt somewhat wrong, but Gemma had to have the ink. She resolved to put everything back as she had found it, so she took note of the state of the drawer when she opened it. A stack of contracts, a book for the accounts, a bundle of letters tied with a string...

She set each item in turn on the desktop out of her way and knelt down to get a better look at the back of the drawer. When she did, she caught a whiff of lilacs. The same scent her personal stationery carried.

Her gaze rose to the desktop where the package of letters was sitting at eye level, only inches away from her face.

That was her stationery.

She lifted the bundle to examine it more closely. Turning it over in her hands, she recognized her own handwriting. Sir Colin Wilde was inscribed across the back of the top letter. Her throat tightened around the lump that had instantly formed there.

The string that held the letters together was tied in a tight knot. Gemma reached for the letter opener on the desk and cut the string. She lifted the top letter and looked beneath it.

Sir Colin Wilde in broad strokes was etched across that one as well.

Frantically, Gemma thumbed through the rest of the parcel. One after another of her letters - all addressed to Colin, each with a broken seal - stared up at her from the stack.

So that was what Hawke had meant when he'd said he had dealt with Colin. She'd had no idea how far his sabotage had gone. But the evidence was there in her hands. The dozens of letters Gemma had written to Colin - every last one - praising him, professing her affection. He hadn't received a single one.

Then what had he received?

She shuddered to think what damage Hawke might have done.

Gemma had to speak with Bridget. She would know how to repair this.

Hurriedly, she gathered the pile of letters, tied them with the cut string, shoved the other papers back into the drawer, and rushed into the hall.

"Simmons!" She caught the old footman on his way up the stairs.

"M'lady?" He stopped mid-step and turned to her.

"Simmons, I wish to visit Lady Maddox at once. Order me a carriage, if you please, and arrange an escort straight away."

"Yes, m'lady."

That done, she hurried to her chamber to ready for the visitation.

Chapter Twelve

I despise women. At least that is what most women believe. For what type of man would pursue and seduce women as a sport? A rake, dear fellows. Never forget that a rake is first a hunter and second a lover. You must search out your prey carefully, and you must at all costs appear to despise those you seek. For women love nothing more than a man they cannot seem to obtain. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

Lord Maddox's butler showed Gemma to the drawing room and offered her a seat, but she was far too upset to sit. She thanked him, and he left to inform his mistress of the visitor, while Gemma paced briskly through the center of the room, wringing the top of her reticule with both hands.

Between the letter from her mother and finding the hidden stash of communications meant for Colin, Gemma was beside herself. She was not equipped for so many upsets in one day.

The sound of the opening door interrupted her silent fretting.

"Oh, Bridget! Thank goodness!" She rushed toward her friend, experiencing a mixture of relief and anxiety all at the same time.

Gemma must have looked a fright, because Bridget's brow furrowed with concern and she hurried to meet her, taking both of Gemma's hands in her own.

"My sweet Gemma, whatever is the matter?"

When Gemma opened her mouth to respond, all her sorrows spilled out at once, along with a fresh batch of tears, though she'd thought she had none left. Her answer was no doubt unintelligible, as everything that had happened in the past few days swirled together in a torrential outburst of emotion.

Somehow dear Bridget was able to wade through the mire to the matter at hand, though it took some time to unwind the tale.

"Oh, Gemma!" she said at long last, when she came to a clear understanding. "Such a tangled web the marquess has woven!"

"And I alone am captured in it," Gemma added. She reached into her mangled reticule and produced the bundle of letters. "These letters. Every one I wrote to Sir Wilde. Hawke took them and hid them from me."

"Yet Sir Wilde was often groaning about the letters he received from you."

"But they are all here! How could he have?"

"Perhaps your brother..."

It was too terrible to even consider. It was one thing to intercept Gemma's communication and refuse it to be delivered. It was quite another thing entirely to forge letters in her name, designed to destroy Colin's regard for her.

"What... what did he say about them?" She wasn't altogether certain she wanted to know the answer to that question.

"He didn't say in my presence. But he was always crestfallen when he received one. Together with Lord Maddox, he would retire into the study to compose a response, hoping somehow to mend things between you."

Bridget reached for the stack of letters in Gemma's hand and set them on the table beside her.

"Do not worry, dear friend. We will come up with some strategy to repair this." Bridget shifted in her seat and tilted her head as though she were weighing their options. But loud voices outside in the hall interrupted their thoughts.

"Hawke!" Gemma rose abruptly from her seat. "What is he doing here?"

"Oh dear, he had some business with Anthony!" Bridget rose with equal haste. "Does he know you are here?"

"No. I left with some haste. He was... occupied."

Bridget went to the door and peeked out at the scene in the hall. When she turned, she seemed deep in thought. "Conrad has shown the marquess into the morning room." She shook her head and her brow furrowed. "We have a narrow window of time to get you safely home again. Anthony cannot endure Lord Van Burge's company for long."

Lord Maddox was not the only one.

****

Colin burst into the Maddox townhome, ready to work off some of the aggression he felt at having to keep Gemma at arm's length. Anthony had promised they would box at Gentleman Jackson's until dawn, if that was what it took to purge thoughts of Gemma from Colin's mind.

It felt like an eternity since they had kissed. And no matter what he did, he could not rid his lips of the tingling sensation. He could not forget the way her touch had sent him to the heights of heaven.

"Where is Lord Maddox?" he demanded of Anthony's butler.

"He will be with you shortly, sir. The lady of the house has set tea for you in the drawing room, if you'll just follow me." Conrad led him into the drawing room.

Colin sat on the nearest chair and sighed heavily. "Did he say how long he would be?"

The butler sighed and gave him a pointed look.

"Right, I'll just drink the blasted tea." Colin didn't want tea. He didn't want food. All he wanted was Gemma.

With a sigh, he stood and began pacing the room, most likely ruining the rug in the process. Perhaps if he wrote down what he was feeling? What if he had Lady Maddox deliver a note? So many things were not making sense. What exactly had Van Burge done?

He sat in a different chair, the one nearest the fireplace, but something felt wrong about the seat. He twisted around a bit, then finally reached underneath the soft leather and pulled out a stack of letters.

All addressed to him.

What the devil?

He opened the first one and read...

Colin,

I wish I could tell you how sorry I am. How much my heart aches every moment that I am not in your arms. I will find a way to fight Hawke. This I promise you. We will be together.

I did not know he was sending me away. My only hope is that this letter finds you well, and that your heart isn't saddened by my sudden retirement to the country.

I love you. My heart, my soul, my body, everything is yours. That is, if you still desire it. How I wish I were not so uncertain! But distance has a way of toying with you, does it not?

Yours,

Gemma

Colin exhaled and dropped the letter to the ground. Shaking, he ran his hands through his hair and cursed aloud, hoping it would relieve some of the growing anger he felt surging through him.

She had not rejected him.

But that still did not explain...

This letter was a far cry from the letters he had received. Letters that spurned him and bid him to forget she existed, to think not on her again. Letters that demanded he wipe the memory of kissing her from his mind forever.

Why had he not received this letter? Colin stooped to retrieve the letter. He opened it and scanned the contents again. Its lilac scent permeated his senses.

The other letters had smelled of rose. And the script was different. There was no flourish on the G of Gemma's signature.

He grabbed another letter from the stack and opened it. Same writing as the first. Letter after letter, the same.

Perhaps if he had not received her true letters, she did not-

Of course.

He was a fool.

He grabbed all the letters, bundled them together, and slipped them into his coat pocket. With a grin and not so much as a word to the butler, he quit the house and walked purposefully toward Gemma's.

****

She wasn't home.

Nor was she at the park.

Or down the street.

Or at Gunther's. Colin would know. He checked. An hour later, he was still wondering where the blazes she was, but he could not be late for that evening's soiree hosted by Lady Edengreen. She would be furious if he did not show. After all, she was his great aunt and prone to throwing a great fuss if her nephew was not present at her events.

Dejected, he went home to change into his evening attire. The minute he stepped into his townhome, his butler, Godfrey, handed him a letter from his solicitor.

It would have to wait.

"Apologies, Godfrey, I will be out all evening. I shall check my correspondence in the morning."

"But sir, this is the fourth letter and-"

Colin held up his hand and shook his head. He felt a headache coming on. "I said, not now."

"Very well, sir." Godfrey bowed and quit the hall.

Colin took the stairs two at a time and called for his valet. Tonight was the night he would get answers. After greeting his aunt, he would find Gemma. He would locate her, and he would... What would he do? Apologize? Grovel? No, no. He was going to kiss her. Yes, that would be his first move.

He grinned at his reflection in the mirror as the image of what he planned to do unfolded in his mind.

Chapter Thirteen

A rake must always be cautious with his first move. If he is too hasty in his advances, the woman may shy away like a timid lamb. If he is not hasty enough, then she shall laugh in his face. Gentlemen, if you do not understand the art of perfect timing when it comes to your first seduction, perhaps you should find a watch. Or a different dream. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

Gemma's heart pounded as she took her seat at the pianoforte. The last time she had performed at an event, Colin had been there, smiling at her from the front row. She glanced around the room, searching the expectant faces.

He was nowhere to be seen.

She tried to swallow the bitter disappointment. Though she had no reason to believe he would have stayed to listen to her play, Gemma couldn't help but pine for him.

Instead, in the same seat Colin had occupied last Season, her brother sat with his fiancee, wearing a triumphant smirk. And of course, he was surrounded by his horrid friends. The gentlemen he had been pushing on her since her return to Town - the oppressive Mr. Percival, and the foolish Mr. Sumner, closely attended by Lady Judith.

Taking a deep breath, she set to playing a beautiful sonata, one she had practiced during the months of her seclusion at Brookshire. Over and over she had played it. A sad, mournful piece she had chosen specifically because it matched the music her heart played when she thought of Colin. She had missed him so much when she'd been away, and now it felt as if he was lost to her forever.

It was a long piece, and she easily lost herself in the somber melody drifting from the keys as she played. Gemma closed her eyes and felt her way through the song, forgetting where she was for the time being. She imagined Colin holding her as he had that day in Bridget's morning room.

The renewed sense of her loss brought thick emotion to her throat. Uninvited tears threatened to spill over onto her cheeks, but she pressed on to the final note, only then allowing a single tear to leave a moist trail down her face.

There was complete silence when she struck the final key. Gemma opened her eyes slowly and lifted her gaze to the audience.

Every person in the room sat staring at her. The ladies had their hands over their hearts, and not an eye was dry, including the frosty Lady Judith, who Gemma was certain had no heart, nor a taste for artistic beauty. Even the gentlemen sat in silent reverence.

Gemma meant to rise, curtsy, and find her seat next to Bridget again, but when her eye caught a glimpse of a form leaning against a column near the entrance, she froze.

Colin was there.

He had heard her heart's misery. And now he stood gazing at her with an inscrutable expression.

Refusing to even breathe, Gemma waited for him to blink first.

****

He blinked. Of course, he blinked. He had to be sure she was truly there. Truly sitting at the piano. The music she'd played was flawless; everything about her was as if conjured from a dream.

Her eyes stayed trained on his.

Colin offered a smile and then beckoned her with his hand.

She turned around.

Was she ignoring him?

When her face returned to his it was stained with tears. Slowly, she rose from her seat and made her way across the room. Another young debutante settled at the piano, quickly gaining everyone's attention, making it possible for him to stare at the beautiful sway of her hips as she made her way toward him.

He counted the seconds as they slowly trickled by. Each second brought her closer to him, so he was not angry that time was sluggishly inching forward, but truly if she dallied any longer he was going to toss her over his shoulder and barge out the front door.

After what seemed like an eternity, she was before him. Head lowered, eyes fixed on the floor.

"Is it more interesting, sweetheart?"

"Is what more interesting?"

"The marble, what else?"

At that her head jerked up. "No, I mean, well, I-"

"You play beautifully." He offered his arm and promptly changed the subject. She blushed and placed her hand across his sleeve.

"Thank you."

"Practice always makes perfect, they say. Tell me, Gemma, do you practice... often?"

"Yes."

She refused to look at him, which was fine. He would simply rake it out of her. Rake. Odd it was now becoming a verb. To be honest, he was too nervous to act himself; therefore, he pretended this was not the love of his life. It was not the woman who had the power to kill him with her rejection. She was simply a lady, a lady with whom he desired to share a moonlight kiss.

Yes, that was exactly what Gemma was. His heart pounded loudly in his chest, and his body, it seemed, was at odds with his brain. Unfortunate.

"Shall we take the air?" He did not wait for her to answer but led her toward the garden doors.

"I... I am not sure we should be alone. Hawke is-"

"An idiot. I agree. Shall we?"

Gemma looked at him and laughed.

Devil take it, how he'd missed her laugh. The sparkle in her eyes when she was amused. It had been too long. Her brother had stolen that from her - stolen her joy of life.

Colin's jaw clenched under the frustration of the months lost, when they could have been together.

"Are you all right?" Gemma asked once they were out of doors.

The cool night air did wonders for his demeanor. Colin released her hand and turned around to gaze back at his aunt's house. They were alone, gloriously alone, but he did not want to take any chances that someone might spy them.

He held a finger to his lips and grabbed her hand, leading her down a narrow passageway of trees that ran alongside the east side of the house.

"Where are we going? Colin, what are we-"

His lips cut her off. Well, that was graceful. Not at all how he'd planned it, but he could not wait one more moment. No, he would have died.

Her mouth opened immediately, and a soft sigh escaped her as he slowly pulled back to gaze into her eyes. "I am not sorry."

"Neither am I." She smirked.

"I love you."

Anthony would strangle him if he were present. No tact whatsoever. He led a woman into the shadows of the trees, interrupted her with his mouth, and then professed love. Safe to say, he could burn Anthony's journal. No help whatsoever.

"What?" Gemma gasped.

Clearly he should have listened when Anthony spoke, but any sane individual would have blocked out that man's words.

"I love you."

"I heard you."

"Oh." Well, that was awkward. "I am sorry. I... I'm sorry to have taken up your evening. If you will just..."

And then she slapped him.

Blasted Anthony.

He never spoke of a woman's reaction when one professed love! Was that normal?

Gemma gasped and threw her hands over her mouth, and then she began to laugh. She was laughing. At him.

"I'm so sorry!" She kept laughing. "I do not know what came over me. I was just... overwhelmed, and then so angry... but not at you! At my brother and the circumstances, and I wrote you letters-"

"Yes, and-" But she was clearly not finished talking.

"Beautiful letters, Colin! Letters about my whereabouts! I wrote them all to you! But you never received them, and I never received yours!"

"Yes. About that... I-"

"Can you believe my brother would do something so utterly wretched? And I thought I had lost you forever! I was so worried that after everything in the garden you were finally washing your hands of me, rejecting me as you must have believed I rejected you! But Colin, I never rejected you! I loved you!"

"Loved?" Colin repeated.

"Love." Gemma clarified. "Love! I love you, Colin."

Their mouths met with urgency as Colin endeavored to draw closer to the woman he loved. His only desire was to feel her skin. The woman he had for so long told himself he would never have, was finally in his arms, and by Jove, he wanted her now. No waiting.

Gemma threw her arms around his neck, closing the gap between them. All he felt was her. A guttural moan escaped his throat as her tongue plunged past the boundaries of his lips and mingled with his.

Good heavens, he'd died.

He was dead.

He lifted her into the air. It wasn't enough. Even then they were not close enough. He pulled her closer still, rapidly losing himself in her arms.

Then came the rustling. Somewhere a distant sound growing ever nearer. Somewhere in the vicinity of the trees.

One would think, finally. But alas, Colin's unlucky streak held. The kiss broke off. Gemma and Colin stared at each other, both holding their breath and listening to the voices drawing nigh.

"Are you sure?" came the woman's giggling voice.

"My dear, Colin showed me this spot when we were but boys. Nobody will catch us."

"But..." The lady laughed again. "Anthony! You terrible rake."

"Say it again."

"Anthony?"

Laughter followed, as well as a few moans. "No, sweetheart."

"Terrible rake."

"The worst," he repeated.

"Shall I punish you?"

Gemma gasped. Colin, too horrified to do anything but listen, put his hand across her mouth and motioned for her to follow him out of the hidden alcove. Hand in hand, they were able to escape only a moment before Anthony's dark head appeared through the branches.

"That did not go as planned," Colin said once they were in the clearing.

Gemma looked at him and grinned. "Does it ever?"

"No."

"Will it now?" She pushed up on her tiptoes and kissed him lightly on the cheek.

"Yes. By the saints." He kissed her one last time. "I will speak with your brother. That is, after I approach Ambrose and Anthony. Seems they have experience being on the opposite end of the pistol."

"Do you truly think he will shoot you?"

"Do you know your brother at all, sweetheart?"

She nodded. "It will work. It has to work."

"It will," he confirmed. "Else I will come to you by night and whisk you off to Gretna Green." He planted another chaste kiss on her brow. "Now, let us return you to the party. You look far too magnificent to miss the dancing."

Chapter Fourteen

Rakes do not let their emotions get the best of them. Gentlemen, let me be clear on this one point - just because a woman kisses well and lifts her skirts, does not mean you love her. What you are feeling is nothing but a whiskey-hazed lust. I've seen many a man hitched to his first seduction merely because he allowed himself to get carried away. Do not let this happen to you. Stay unattached, distant, careless - and if for some reason - you do say 'I love you' on accident... Run. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

What had been a gloriously sleepless night of joy and anticipation of that which was to come, too soon came to an end when Gemma made her way to the morning meal. Hawke awaited her, wearing a wide triumphant smile. She should have known then that it could only spell ill fortune for her hope of a life with Colin.

"Gemma, dear sister! I have wonderful news!" He was fairly bursting with it. "Do you recall the letter you received from Mother not so very long ago?"

Gemma stopped with her fork-full of eggs halfway to her mouth.

"I can see by your expression that you do, so I shall not draw out the suspense. Father's solicitor arrived early this morning with news of your betrothal."

The fork slipped from her hands and landed on her plate with a sharp clatter.

"Stunned to silence in your bliss, I see." He raised an eyebrow and smirked.

"B-betrothal?" Gemma managed to choke out. Her throat had gone suddenly dry, and she wasn't certain she would be able to draw her next breath.

"Yes, sweet girl! To the Duke of Bridgewater! He'll be here this afternoon to meet with you and discuss arrangements. A duke! What do you say to that, Gemma?"

"No." The word came out barely above a whisper.

Nonetheless, Hawke heard it. Wide-eyed, he stared at her for one brief second before slamming his fist firmly on the table, vibrating the glasses and silverware. He stood abruptly to his feet, sending his chair crashing to the floor behind him. The serving staff jolted, appeared shocked for an instant, and then hastened from the room.

Gemma refused to cow to him, though her entire being trembled with what he might do in his fit of temper.

"I shall not marry him." Strength she did not know she possessed found its way to her voice, and she stood as well, with an emphatic fist pound of her own.

"I say you shall!"

"I care not what you say. I have made my own choice, and it is Sir Colin Wilde."

"Sir Col- That man is a rogue! Mother and Father will not hear of it. Nor will I! I will kill him first!" he roared back at her. "You shall return to Brookshire immediately! Nay! I shall deposit you in a nunnery! Sir Colin Wilde, indeed! Why, his very name soils my tongue as I speak it!"

"There is nowhere you can send me that he will not come for me, brother. He has given me his word. And if you refuse to hear reason-"

"Given you his word? Of all the- The word of a debauched rake! What good is that? Rakes give their word when it suits their pur-" His voice broke off and his eyes blazed with fury. He clamped his mouth shut and stared at her in utter horror. "You little whore..." Hawke's eyes narrowed with the low declaration.

Gemma's jaw dropped open in disbelief. But before she could respond, Hawke stormed from the room, and a moment later, the front door slammed, signaling his exit from the house. With an exasperated wail, Gemma slumped into her chair, dropped her head to her hands, and wept.

Chapter Fifteen

When a rake is reformed, he is a different man. The woman he loves marks him, and gentlemen, he is also, sadly, in danger of getting shot. For rakes rarely fall without a fight. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

Present Day

"Get up. Get up, you wretched excuse for a man!" Van Burge's eyes were alive with fury. He threaded his fingers into Colin's cravat and tugged him roughly up from the floor. "You and I will settle this. Today! Else I shall have you declared a coward. In one hour. Jackson's. Do not fail." He spat every word into Colin's face as he gripped him by the throat.

Van Burge released Colin with an emphatic shove, then he spun on his heel and stormed out, spewing threats and curses all the way.

"Blast." Colin moaned and swiped the blood from his lip with the back of his hand.

Two hands appeared before him, no doubt a belated offer of futile help from the traitors he called friends.

Colin lifted his eyes to the double image of Ambrose and Anthony, the treacherous twin spawn of Satan. He shook his head and took one of the offered hands.

"Van Burge seems in earnest," Anthony said. An irritating mocking smile lifted the corners of his mouth.

"In earnest, Anthony? Truly? Whatever gave you that idea?" Ambrose snorted with disdain.

"What will you do?" Anthony ignored his brother and bit straight into the heart of the matter.

"Do? Why, I shall go home, set my affairs in order, and make my way to Jackson's for the bloodbath."

"You mean to go through with it, then?" Ambrose asked. Concern was etched in his expression.

"Of course. What alternative do I have?"

"Mercy, man! An ounce of the milk of human kindness?" Anthony proclaimed.

"You'll murder him, Wilde," Ambrose said. Reverence laced his words, and Colin thought perhaps the man was almost solemn.

Colin's lips twitched with a slow, knowing smile, much to the obvious chagrin of his comrades. "Yes. And I shall relish each and every bloody moment of it."

****

Colin was not sure why he was tempted to sing as he burst through his front door. After all, he could very well be marching to his death. But then again, he had love. Yes, he was a sap. Yes, he was behaving quite madly, but he had Gemma. He only hoped love would keep him from blacking out during the match with her brother.

When the butler took his hat and walking stick, Colin nearly leapt into the old man's arms. "Godfrey, you old codger! I am going to get my ears boxed!"

True to form, Godfrey didn't raise so much as an eyebrow at his master's outburst.

"Sir..." he drew out in a low monotone.

"Godfrey! Did you hear me? I intend to boldly march into the fray. Win or lose is no matter!" He danced a short jig in the hall to emphasize his point.

"Sir..."

"Oh, Godfrey, you old killjoy. Whatever is the matter with you?"

"Sir... There is a man to see you." Godfrey sounded exhausted as he gestured toward the study door.

"Whatever do you mean? Who is here?"

"Your solicitor." Godfrey lifted his eyebrows nearly to his hairline - impressive trick. "The man who has been sending the correspondence."

Colin shook his head in confusion.

"The correspondence you have been ignoring."

In truth, he'd been ignoring all of it.

"It is a matter of great import. At least, that is what he claims." Godfrey opened the door to the study for Colin to step through, then closed it behind him, leaving Colin in the room with the family solicitor - a man he hadn't had the privilege of meeting until that moment.

"May I help you? And please be quick about it; I have another, pressing appointment for which I cannot be late." Colin gestured toward a chair nearby as he took a seat behind his desk.

"Very well, your grace. I shall-"

Colin burst out laughing. "I am not a duke, sir. And I assure you, formality is lost on me." When the man stared blankly at him, refusing to recant his greeting, Colin chuckled again. "I see. A joke, is it? Has Lord Maddox put you up to this? Anthony!" Colin began yelling for his friend. "You would think the fellow would have other occupations than to-"

"Your grace!" the solicitor snapped. "This is important."

Fine, he'd play along. "Is it now?"

"My name is Rutledge. I have been in your family's employ for the past twenty years, and I am here to inform you that the title of the Duke of Bridgewater has passed from your great uncle - God rest his soul - to you."

Colin narrowed his eyes. "My great uncle? The same one who has not spoken to my family since before I was born?"

"A recluse of late. Some sort of falling out with his brother, your grandfather." Rutledge shrugged. "Whatever the case, the title now falls to you. Of course, if you do not accept, it will, by law, return to the Crown."

What an odd turn of events. Colin wasn't sure he could wrap his head around it. A duke? Sir Colin Wilde?

He was still processing it when Rutledge pulled out a stack of papers. "The title is entailed to properties in Scotland, Wales, Surrey, and a lovely townhome in Mayfair. Upon your signature, you will also inherit the sum of seventy-five thousand pounds."

Colin began to choke on the dryness in his mouth. Perhaps he should have shut it, instead of gaping at Rutledge like a lunatic. "Pardon me, did you say seventy-"

"-five thousand, yes."

"Thousand?" Colin repeated.

"Pounds. Yes, that is what I said. Your grace, if you please... if you intend to repeat everything I say, this shall take a frightfully long time, and you did say you have another appointment."

"I do apologize. Please, Mr. Rutledge, proceed."

Rutledge stood to spread the papers out on Colin's desk for his perusal. "There is one more thing."

"There's more?" Colin croaked.

Rutledge's annoyance seemed to increase as he shifted on his feet. "Yes. A stipulation to your inheritance, your grace."

"A stipulation?" Colin repeated. Rutledge raised an eyebrow in irritation. Colin shook his head and gestured for the man to continue.

"A betrothal contract. A match has been made."

Dread filled Colin's stomach. He wouldn't. No, he couldn't. His heart would not permit him to-

"-Miss Gemma Reynolds, the daughter of the Duke of Williston. I was told you are acquainted."

"What?" Colin was apparently having a hard time hearing.

"Miss Gemma Reynolds, your grace. Apparently the late duke and Miss Reynolds' father designed the match. It has been in place for quite some time. Her brother, who acts as her guardian in her parents' absence, was notified of it just this morning."

Colin smiled. No. To say he smiled would be like saying he was simply amused. He was enthusiastic. He was jubilant. He was... Colin laughed aloud. He was going to enjoy allowing Van Burge to pummel him, because in the end, he would still be the victor.

"Any questions?" Rutledge asked.

"Yes." Colin stood. "Where do I sign?"

Chapter Sixteen

If you must get in a fight, at least have the decency to make it a good one. There are many blokes in the world who are bored to tears with their current companionship, or heaven forbid, their wives. Bloodshed, my friends, bloodshed. Give the fellows some entertainment. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

From behind the closed door of Hawke's study, Gemma heard Hawke enter the front hall. She sat paralyzed for a moment, holding her breath and praying he would not come in and catch her at the letter. When he had stormed out only an hour before, she'd thought he would be gone for the duration of the day. Though he hadn't said where he'd been going, she knew without doubt it had been in search of Colin, but he hadn't stopped long enough to gather his pistol.

She glanced at the mantel. The brace of pistols still sat in their box there, below the portrait of Gemma's mother.

Her brother's booming voice was clear even through the wall.

"I don't care how she begs, Thomas. You are not to let her out of this house. Keep a wary eye on her until my return."

"Is the lady receiving callers this afternoon, my lord?"

"One and none other. The Duke of Bridgewater."

"What time shall we expect him?"

"The appointment is at two o'clock. Have everything prepared for his arrival by half the hour."

"Very good, my lord," Thomas answered. Gemma could hear his heels tapping a retreat toward the kitchen. There was no hope of help from him. He followed instructions as if his life depended on it. Her stomach turned.

She might convince one of the younger footmen to deliver the message, and if Colin replied in the way she hoped, she might slip out during the pandemonium of preparations for his grace's arrival. The trick would be to make her own preparations without the interference of Pearl.

"My lord?" The treacherous girl's faint voice filtered through the closed door.

"Ah, Pearl," Hawke answered, though his voice sounded laced with impatience. "What is it?"

"Will you be requiring any... assistance this evening?"

Ugh. Gemma cringed. The girl had no shame.

"It may well be. Just now I have some haste. I have challenged the fool to a bout. A victory celebration, perhaps."

"Yes, my lord." Her giggle was nauseating. "I'll just look for the signal, then."

"Of course. Now, go about your duties. Keep an eye on the lady until my return."

Pearl must have slinked away then, for it was quiet other than the sound of Hawke's boots pounding up the stairs to his chamber.

Gemma released her breath. She finished her note with a flourish and blotted the ink. Gathering up her things, she put the desk back to rights, then slipped out the door to the front hall.

Her plan was to make her way into the morning room, then try to catch a stray footman through the window that looked onto the side street over the servants' entrance. The hall was empty, so she hurried to the morning room and peeked in. Empty. Without wasting time she rushed to the window, threw back the drapes, then set to opening the window.

She didn't get far.

"My lady?" It was Thomas.

"Yes?" Gemma turned abruptly before she realized it just made her look guilty.

"May I be of some assistance?"

She cleared her throat. "Yes. It is rather stuffy in here. I thought to get a bit of air, so I might do my needlepoint in comfort." Even as it exited her mouth, she knew it was the worst possible excuse she could have made.

"Your needlepoint, my lady?"

Gemma despised needlepoint. All the servants knew it. Why hadn't she said she was going to study her new sheet music? Why hadn't she said the smell of the flowers on the table was making her eyes water?

She lifted her chin to salvage some dignity. He was the butler, after all. Not her brother.

"Yes. My needlepoint. This window seems to be stuck, Thomas. Open it, please."

"Needlepoint indeed!" Hawke bellowed from the doorway. "She's looking for an escape route." He was dressed to kill.

Gemma swallowed the fear that threatened to overtake her and glared at him.

"Now, my dear sister, I shall take care of your precious knight once and for all. You shall marry the duke as our parents have mandated, and all shall be right with the world."

"Hawke, please." Her voice was a mere breath as she pleaded with her brother. "Please... don't kill him."

His lip curled into a vicious sneer. "Lock her in her room, Thomas. My business shouldn't take long."

Chapter Seventeen

In all my years, I have only attended five duels. Shocking, I know. In those times there are a few things I've learned, wisdom I would like to pass down. Here it is: don't be dumb enough to get caught in the first place. A good rake is sneaky, and fades into the shadows. I was at it for quite some time and am a good shot, so I never truly cared if I was challenged. But rakes this day and age? Pathetic. It is why our kind is dying off, because they are literally getting blown to shreds. Men, if you are not willing to die for your sins, then perhaps you should stop sinning? -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

Colin rolled up his sleeves and pulled off his cravat. Nasty business, boxing. Always lots of blood and shouting. Though, to be honest, he'd been the boxing champion of his regiment, and he had beaten every challenger at Jackson's. Unfortunately, it didn't sit well with him that he would have to pummel, nay, kill his future wife's brother. As much as the thought of driving his fist into Van Burge's temple brought a smile to his lips, Gemma would be upset, and he loved her too much to put her out.

"His right hook is nasty," Anthony murmured next to him. "I've heard he fights dirty, so do not fall for any of his tricks and-"

"Anthony, do I tell you how to seduce women?"

Anthony laughed. "I rather think not."

"Then do not tell me how to box. I know my own business. You've had several black eyes to prove it," Colin pointed out.

Anthony swore. "Yes, well, on both occasions I was feeling under the weather."

"Right." Colin laughed. "Whatever brings sleep to you at night."

Anthony grinned. "Believe me, I have many ways to help me sleep at night, and none of them involve fighting... unless you take the time Bridget and I-"

"And this is where that story ends." Ambrose slapped his brother on the back. "He's right, though. Watch out for the hook, and do not put your hands down for even one second. His arms are longer than yours, which gives his reach a good two inches on yours and..."

"I will be fine." Colin smiled.

"Why the devil are you smiling?" Anthony demanded.

"It is a wonderful day," Colin answered. "And I am in love."

"Sure hope he still smiles once he's missing all his teeth. I'd like to see that," Ambrose mumbled. "Now, focus and-"

Ambrose froze mid-sentence as Van Burge entered the room. "Let us get this match over with. I have a meeting with Gemma's betrothed, and I do not wish to be late."

Ambrose and Anthony gasped behind him.

Colin still smiled. "Shall we?"

Van Burge grinned and led the way to the ring.

"You see? You shall never have her. She is promised to the Duke of Bridgewater!" The marquess let out a laugh and swung at Colin. He didn't duck. Instead he absorbed the blow to his face and felt the familiar warmth of blood trickle from his nose.

"What the devil!" Anthony shouted. "Put up your hands, Wilde! Merciful heavens, he means to kill himself over a woman!"

"Fight!" Ambrose chanted. "Knock him in the-"

Colin vaguely heard him say something derogatory, but a ringing began in his ears as Van Burge landed another blow to the side of his face. He fell to the ground.

"You must get up and fight!" Anthony pleaded as he knelt next to him. "You've the best record at Jackson's! Why the devil aren't you fighting back?"

Colin groaned and pushed to his feet.

Anthony cursed.

Ambrose sighed next to him. "It is as if he has finally given up. No longer a rake, no longer in the running to win the woman he loves. He has simply given up!"

One more blow to the face, and he could feign being knocked out. Colin waited for it. Van Burge smiled smugly, causing Colin to almost grin with glee, but he restrained himself as another jolt of pain hit his eye.

He fell to the ground dramatically and closed his eyes.

"Well, that didn't take long," Van Burge announced to everyone who would listen. "Now that I've dealt with this idiot, I shall be off to meet the Duke of Bridgewater, my brother-in-law. We are, after all, great friends, and I shall be announcing my sister's engagement this very day!"

Cheers erupted.

Anthony slumped to the ground and groaned into his hands. "It is an actual nightmare. I do not understand it at all!"

Ambrose nudged Colin with his boot. "I think he may have died."

Colin grinned and opened the eye that wasn't swollen. "Is he gone?"

"Van Burge?" Anthony asked.

"Yes."

"Only just. Without a scratch, I might add."

Colin jumped to his feet and wiped the blood from his nose. "Brilliant! How do I look?"

"Do you truly want an answer to that?" Ambrose asked.

Anthony answered for him. "You look a mess."

"Splendid."

Anthony shook his head. "I do not understand you. I do not-"

"You will forgive me, my friend, that I do not remain to explain it to you. I have an appointment at the Van Burge place, and I do not wish to be late."

"Going back for more? He will surely kill you, man!"

"No." Colin shrugged as he stepped toward the door. "I am expected. The lady and I are betrothed. I signed the contract a mere hour ago."

"Betrothed? How is that possible? Van Burge just told us she is promised to a duke." Anthony pointed his finger at Colin and scratched his head as though deep in thought. "That would mean..."

Ambrose, the eldest twin by a few minutes, pieced it together more quickly, perhaps because of his age and wisdom. "The mysterious duke."

"What?" Anthony all but yelled.

Colin bowed low. "The Duke of Bridgewater, at your service."

"Splendid. That's what this is." Anthony slapped his knee and laughed. "What I wouldn't do to see the look on Van Burge's face when you tell him."

"I have thought of that." Colin couldn't help the smug grin. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I do not wish to be late."

"Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant," Ambrose mumbled as Colin turned to go.

"He may have just become one of my favorite people," Anthony said.

"I thought I was your favorite person," Ambrose joked.

"You, dear brother, are family. Wilde, however, is going to give our friend Van Burge a blasted apoplexy."

"One can only hope," Ambrose said seriously.

Chapter Eighteen

There is only one thing better than being a well-known rake. That, my friends, is revenge. -The Private Journal of Viscount Maddox

Pearl was none too gentle as she worked with Gemma's hair, sweeping the copper tresses up into a neat bun. Gemma couldn't find the will to protest as Pearl tugged at her hair, pulling her head this way and that.

Nothing mattered anymore. Hawke would make certain Colin couldn't come for her, whether he be maimed or killed, and the duke would arrive at any moment to claim her. A sense of resigned dread washed through Gemma.

The knock on the door resounded through her like a final nail being driven into her coffin.

Pearl scurried to answer it. Thomas's low voice floated through the room to Gemma, who sat transfixed, staring at the haunting image in the looking glass. The light in her eyes had gone out.

"The lady's presence is requested in the drawing room."

Her mouth was bone dry. Gemma swallowed hard, stood from the vanity, and strode with resolute purpose to the door.

"Thank you, Thomas," she said, and brushed past the disloyal lady's maid.

With each step closer, Gemma felt her soul dying. As it would have to do, Gemma thought. In order to survive life apart from Colin.

Thomas led her to the drawing room and opened the doors to let her step inside, then closed them quietly behind her. The man stood at the window with his back to her. He turned when the click sounded. Gemma felt her heart leap to her throat, and she gasped.

"Colin!" she protested, rushing to him. "What are you doing here, you fool? If my brother finds you here, he will shoot you."

Colin met her halfway across the room and swept her into his arms, kissing her hard as though he thought it would be for the last time. A shower of hard kisses, all across her lips and neck. Gemma couldn't help but return his passion, but she protested between each kiss.

"Quickly... he'll find you... Colin, please... you must go... you're mad!"

Finally Colin stepped back; his breath was ragged and fast. "I had to see you, Gemma." There was a fresh cut above his right eye, and his left eye was badly bruised.

"Oh, Colin! What did he do to you?" Gemma wailed, tracing her fingers gingerly down his cheek. "I'm so sorry."

Colin only offered her a crooked smile and took her hands in his. "Listen to me, my darling."

"Oh, Colin! They have promised me to a duke! A horrid old man! Even now he is coming to make arrangements."

"A horrid old duke, you say?" Colin asked. A hint of mocking amusement tinged his voice.

"This is no time for jocularity, my love! We might be caught at any moment!" She cast a glance over her shoulder toward the door to emphasize her words. "Colin, please! Take me away right now! We can ride for Gretna Green tonight!"

He shook his head, holding her hands in his. "Sweet, your brother would only give chase. He would hunt me down and shoot me."

"We could hide! Let's sail for America!" Why was he refusing her? He seemed hesitant now. Could it be he didn't truly love her as she did him?

"America? Now, Gemma, be reasonable." He slid his hands up her arms and rested them on her shoulders, forcing her to look him in the eyes. "Listen, my love. I know it is difficult for you, but I believe you should be ruled by your brother."

His dark eyes bore into hers. Gemma couldn't believe what she was hearing.

"What!" she demanded, stepping out of his grasp in shock. "Have you gone mad? Do you hear yourself? Be ruled by my brother?"

Colin reached for her again, but she evaded his hands. "What did he do to you? Are you yet suffering from a hard knock to the head?" The man was unhinged, Gemma was certain.

"You are not in your right mind, sir. Else you do not fully understand - I am to be married... to another. You must take me away from here! At once!"

"Forgive me, dear Gemma," Colin said, snatching her hand and pressing a firm kiss to her wrist. "I shall not. Be ruled by your brother. It is best."

Gemma jerked her hand back as though his lips had scorched her. Indignation boiled to the surface. What was he doing to her? To them? Sealing her fate as an unhappy duchess?

She would not be ruled. She was done being ruled.

"No!" she screamed. "No!" She balled her hands into tight fists and slammed them into his chest in desperation. Again and again she pounded at him, but he did not budge. He only stood there smiling like an addlepated lunatic.

Fury overwhelmed all her senses, and she felt as though she were viewing herself from a distance. She didn't hear the door open. She didn't see the three gentlemen enter. She didn't feel the hands grappling with her flailing fists. She knew only the fog of indignant passion that consumed her.

****

Colin looked into her beautiful eyes and sighed. "I am so very glad you love me enough to sacrifice yourself, but it is not necessary."

"Colin, don't let them win! I cannot marry that man!"

"What if he were me?"

Her eyes widened. "Do not toy with me. I am-"

Colin cupped her cheek and sighed. "Do you know how much I love you? How much I care for you? Do you think for one second I would be able to let you go for a second time?"

Gemma shook her head. "But how-"

"I am Bridgewater."

Gemma gasped and raised her hand as if to slap him. Was she truly going to hit him after such an admission?

And then she laughed. "You horrid man! If you ever do anything to me like that again, I shall strike you!"

"Bravo, sister. You have come to your senses at last," came the marquess's voice from behind them.

"Apologies, gentlemen," Colin addressed Rutledge and Van Burge's solicitor. "I was otherwise occupied."

"Are you well?" Rutledge pointed to Colin's swollen eye.

"Of course." Colin laughed. "I was dealing with an unruly animal earlier. I'm afraid he got the better of me and kicked me in the face. All is well now."

Van Burge turned crimson. "Is there a reason for your intrusion, Wilde? I thought we had an understanding. You were to stay away from my sister once and for all. Have some dignity."

Colin smiled and turned to Rutledge. "Is everything settled?"

"Now, see here!" Van Burge roared. "I am to be meeting the Duke of Bridgewater, a very important man, a man worthy of my sister, a man worthy of this family!"

Rutledge opened his mouth to say something, but Colin cut him off. "No, no, let him finish. He's doing quite well."

"You should be so lucky as to be standing in the same room with such a man. In fact, I insist that you stay. I shall enjoy signing over my sister's life while you watch!"

Without a word, Rutledge held out the contracts, and the other solicitor handed Van Burge a quill. "There."

The contracts were signed. "It is all taken care of." Rutledge smiled and turned to Colin. "By the by, did you know that upon your marriage, you shall receive a healthy dowry from Miss Reynolds? Are you sure you still mean to allow the marquess to keep it?"

"Of course." Colin nodded. "After all, he has his... future wife to look after. Amongst other things."

"You truly did not need to do that," Gemma interjected, cupping Colin's face.

"Gemma, not now. He is not your betrothed!" Van Burge snapped. "This is a conversation between gentlemen, and-"

"Pardon me, did you just speak to my future wife as if she were nothing more than a fixture in your house?"

"Yes!" Van Burge yelled and then took a step back. "What did you just say?"

Rutledge chuckled. "My lord, allow me to introduce you to his grace, the Duke of Bridgewater."

Van Burge's face turned a brilliant shade of purple before he bellowed, "How dare you deceive me! I shall cut you from limb to limb! I shall-"

"You shall do no such thing, Hawke!" Gemma interrupted.

"Gemma, know your place!" He pointed his finger at Colin. "I will not be silent about this! I do not care who you are or how much money you possess, nor-"

Colin's fist sailed into the marquess's face, sending him to the ground in a heap.

Van Burge's solicitor smiled. "Do you know, I've been itching to do that for ten years?"

"Get in line." Gemma huffed.

Rutledge cleared his throat. "It seems we are finished here. Pleasure doing business with you, your grace." The men bowed their heads briefly and walked out of the room.

"Your grace?" Gemma repeated. "Your grace. I love the sound of that."

"Pleasure to meet you, Duchess." Colin dipped her back and kissed her neck.

"And now will you tell me how this all came to be?"

Hawke stirred from the floor. Colin kissed Gemma's mouth again and led her out of the room. The minute they were in the hall, he pressed her against the wall. "I will explain it all later, but for now..."

"For now?" She sighed. "For now, what?"

"I want to kiss you," Colin said against her lips. "I want to kiss my future wife, my future duchess. I've always wanted to kiss a duchess."

"That can be arranged." Gemma giggled.

Epilogue

Ambrose grinned as he watched his twin dance with Bridget, his wife.

"What are you smiling about?" Cordelia asked, grabbing her husband's hand and bestowing a kiss upon it.

"Wallflowers."

"Pardon?" She laughed.

"They are... not always as they seem." He gazed down at his beautiful wife, with her easy smile and warm laugh.

"Nobody truly is." She laid her head against his shoulder. "Where are Colin and Gemma?"

Just then Colin appeared with Gemma on his arm. They had been married four weeks ago and were just back from their honeymoon.

"Over here!" Cordelia called them.

Gemma walked briskly towards Cordelia and embraced her. Soon Anthony and Bridget joined them.

"A toast!" Anthony called, grabbing goblets of champagne from a passing servant.

"To what?" Gemma asked.

Just then a gasp was heard from the crowd, and then some cursing as Lady Van Burge, the marquess's new wife, pulled him by his cravat through the hall. Poor fellow was digging his heels into the floor.

"Must have gotten caught with another maid." Gemma sighed. "You were saying?"

"I believe that man is getting exactly what he deserves." Anthony cleared his throat. "A toast to rakes and the women who reform them."

"Hear, hear!" They lifted their glasses and cheered.

