Prologue

The Duel

"Do you think it best to fight your brother so deep in your cups?" Wilde asked a foxed Ambrose.

Ambrose's head continued to pound to the rhythm of the blood coursing through his veins. His brilliant plan had not, in fact, been to challenge his own brother to a duel over a woman.

A blasted woman.

He took another sip of whiskey before he cursed and faced his friend Sir Colin Wilde. Unfortunately, his vision was blurred to the point of making him dizzy. He closed his eyes and tried to focus on how things had gone so horribly wrong.

"Maybe if you talked about it," Wilde suggested.

Ambrose opened his eyes. "Talk about it? Like a ninny-headed woman? You want me to talk about my feelings?"

Wilde shrugged. "I take it you believe your solution to be better?"

Ambrose grumbled and motioned for another drink while Wilde simultaneously shook his head at the proprietor, informing him that his friend was done drinking for the day.

Was the man insane? The last thing he needed was to feel. And the quickest way he knew to help numb the surprising pain of the news was to drink himself into oblivion or possibly allow his brother to shoot him. The Good Lord knew he deserved it after the way he had treated Cordelia.

That name. That blasted name. He swore he wouldn't think about it-to think about it brought on too much pain. Pain he didn't want to acknowledge, because then it would mean he had been wrong all this time.

Just as he opened his mouth, to quite possibly spill his feelings as Wilde encouraged, the door to the establishment crashed open.

"Where is he?" Viscount Maddox, Ambrose's younger brother yelled above the rest of the patrons. "I ask again! Where is he?"

The jolly men around the poorly lit establishment quieted down; someone cleared his throat as another man pointed to Ambrose.

He cursed.

Not that he was a coward-he just didn't feel like marching to his death just yet. Not when her name was so fresh in his mind and the pain of loss so new to his memory. It seemed he owed her that much, at least to think of her during his last few minutes alive.

"Is it that time already?" Ambrose asked. Wilde made a stand in front of him and faced Anthony.

"Are you his guard dog then, Wilde?" Anthony sneered. He placed his hands on the table and leaned in.

"Nothing of the sort. I simply don't make it a habit to participate in illegal duels between brothers, especially when one brother is so foxed he can't see straight."

"It's not my fault he's foxed. Nor is it my fault that he finds himself in this predicament. He lost the bet and ruined everything! The least I can do is take his sorry excuse of an existence away from him!"

"So that's it, brother? You've come to kill me when I'm at my weakest, all over a silly bet?"

Anthony sneered. "This isn't about the bet. It's about her. About what you did to her. I should have killed you then, but mark my words, brother. I will kill you now, for not only destroying the one woman capable of capturing your heart, but for snuffing out the spirit of the best lady to grace London in years."

His speech was followed by cheers throughout the room. Cordelia, it seemed, had not only won him over, but the rest of London and it was all his fault. All because of a bet. He lost her-lost everything. And because of that, he found himself saying to his brother, "Do your worst."

Chapter 1

The Bet

Four weeks previous.

Ambrose smirked as Anthony received another invitation from Lady Burkhead. The old widow had been giving the brothers bedroom eyes since the beginning of the Season. They had taken it in stride, knowing that the woman just wanted to have some fun before the Season became monotonous.

Which was exactly, to Ambrose's dismay, what he was experiencing. Though he couldn't speak for his twin Anthony, he felt that any minute he would start shedding his clothes merely to add to the entertainment of the most boring Season to plague the halls of London.

The dresses were void of any bright color. It seemed, after much debate amongst the fashion plates, that this Season's color was to be a pasty yellow. Of all the colors God created, why did the debutantes choose that one? It made all of them look sickly and when they smiled, he observed, a trifle mad.

It could not possibly get any more tedious, Ambrose was certain. But then it was discovered that Anthony and Ambrose had already met every debutante worth knowing that Season and all of them were found lacking. Oh, they had proper manners. They smiled and handled their fans with perfection. Their fingers were covered, their gowns plain and virginal. Not that Ambrose found anything wrong with virgins as a whole, but to blatantly display your lack of charms to the male population didn't, in his humble opinion, seem to be the quickest way to gain a husband. Alas, the marriage mart was in full swing, and Ambrose was feeling the all too familiar itch to do something stupid.

His brother, the younger by three minutes, could usually sense when Ambrose was growing agitated and would be at his side with a drink in hand or a good joke about one of the widows who had just attempted to seduce him out of his good sense. The brothers would toast to their brilliant fortune of having the ladies of London at their fingertips, then set about to see how many women they could flatter. It was with great pride that both Anthony and Ambrose picked out the toast of the ton each Season. In a way, they made her, for they would find an unsuspecting debutante who deserved the spotlight more than the others and reward her with their highly sought after attentions.

Men would flock, because if one thing was certain, if either of the twins were interested in a woman, it was for good reason. But as Ambrose's gaze scanned the same stifling crowd as he had seen at every event before, he could do nothing save shake his head and entertain the depraved thought of removing his dinner jacket or his gloves in public.

"Don't," Anthony said, approaching with a drink.

"Ah, you're just in time, I see. Tell me, how is Lady Burkhead this evening?"

"Old." Anthony handed over the drink he held and winced. "By my calculations, and mind you I've had three glasses of champagne before said calculations, this Season is quite possibly the worst to befall the city of London since the days of King Arthur."

"By Jove, Anthony! And to think I just finished telling Wilde what a nodcock you are, and here you stand, repeating the very same words I just thought."

"I'm ignoring your slight to my intelligence, but only because you're older, and I don't wish to agitate your old age further. Now, drink the champagne before you get a silly notion in your head to do something polite society would frown upon."

"Frown," Ambrose repeated sourly, throwing back the contents of his flute. "I venture that if I were to suddenly exclaim that the sky was falling, I would receive nothing more than peculiar stares from those around me. No emotion. Not any of them. It is akin to staring at a blank canvas."

"Shall we paint then, dear brother?" Anthony held out his hand as if for Ambrose to lead the way.

Ambrose walked toward the desserts. "Ah, therein lies the problem. It seems we have nothing to paint. Not one thing." He bit back a curse and pasted a smile on his face as they passed a few of London's venerable matrons, all looking at them as if they were some sort of delicious apple tart.

"I take it you're bored then, brother?" Anthony asked once they were out of earshot from the gossip-mongers.

"Whatever would give you that idea?" Ambrose teased through hooded eyes. "Has my cynicism put you in a foul mood? My apologies. It isn't your fault. Maybe it is my old age, and I'll deny this if you ever repeat it to anyone, even Wilde. It just seems it should be different. One of these years it has to be, wouldn't you agree?" He hated that he confessed it to his brother. Out loud, nonetheless, but as competitive as they were, family ran thick as blood.

Anthony's face took on a more serious expression. Though identical, it was still possible to tell them apart. Anthony, for one, had very expressive eyes that showed his every emotion. They had the same green eyes with a striking yellow outline-a very peculiar color that women swooned over when introduced to the twins. Anthony's rich brown hair was cut a bit closer to his head, whereas Ambrose wore his longer. It was his undying mercy on others, because he believed it simply wouldn't be fair to look so much alike.

As the light faded from Anthony's face, he squinted and looked to Ambrose with a smug grin. "How about a little wager then? To make things, shall we say," he cleared his throat, "interesting?"

"Anthony," he groaned. "The last time you wore that expression I was shot in the leg with your favorite pistol."

His twin scowled. "Yes, but it was through no fault of mine that you happened to fall from your horse and direct your body in line with my shot."

"Still not taking responsibility for your actions, eh, Anthony?" A male voice cut in.

"Ah, Wilde, good of you to join us! And just in time it seems." Anthony patted their mutual friend on the back.

"Brilliant. You do know your brother has that look in his eye again, don't you, Ambrose?"

"You know I can never stop Anthony when he sets his mind to something." He shook his head and smiled. Whatever his brother had up his sleeve, he did not have a good feeling. Maybe it was the way that the wind seemed to suddenly pick up through the open doors to the balcony. Or the sudden chill that ran down his spine. Tonight, it seemed, would be different; he just hadn't a clue why.

Though part of him, the sane part, told him to flee, he stayed glued to the floor, concentrating on his brother who at that moment announced, "We are to have a bet."

Wilde laughed while Ambrose cursed and gave his brother a stern look. "A bet, Anthony? We gamble all the time, why would this be more exciting than last night when I relieved you of five hundred pounds?"

"Not that type of bet." Anthony grinned.

"I hate it when he grins like that," Wilde said.

Ambrose nodded his head. "Yes, I hate to admit how much it frightens our dear mother as well."

"Do you want to hear about it or not?" Anthony asked, clearly agitated.

"By all means." Ambrose laughed then elbowed Wilde to stop laughing.

His overconfident twin cleared his throat. "First, you must answer some questions for me. Can you do that, Ambrose?"

"Insulting my intelligence now?"

Wilde threw his hands in the air. "Just get on with it, will you?"

"Fine." Anthony shot Ambrose a dirty look then pasted that ridiculously frightening look on his face again. "How long have you been known as one of the most famous bachelors of the ton?"

"As long as you have."

"Years, if mathematics isn't too difficult for you."

Ambrose thought for a second. "I would say around eight years, putting me at the ripe old age of one and thirty."

"Brilliant. Now in those eight years, how many women have you successfully made just as famous based on association alone?"

"One per Season," Wilde chimed in. When Ambrose gave him an irritated look, he shrugged. "It's common knowledge. Why do you think women wait with bated breath for you to dance with them?"

"My devilish good looks?" Ambrose offered.

"That is true. In fact, the only time I've seen anything better is when I'm fortunate enough to gaze upon my own reflection in the mirror," Anthony joked.

Wilde rolled his eyes then added, "I'll admit it does seem to help...both of you."

Anthony cleared his throat. "One lady of good breeding per Season it is. And in all this time have you ever chosen a woman of scandal? Or perhaps a woman who isn't the prettiest of the bunch?"

"Can't see why I would waste my time-"

"Exactly!" Anthony cut in. "So you understand then?"

"Does he often imagine everyone has taken to mind reading then?" Wilde squinted and tilted his head.

Ambrose laughed, but it was hollow. Just what was his brother getting at? "You want me to choose a woman based on..."

"Need. I want you to choose a woman based on need. What woman needs to be the toast-needs to be saved from scandal? Needs to find a wealthy husband? What woman deserves it?"

"Not that I'm known to be the vainer of the two of us." Ambrose grinned. "But I could turn the Dowager of Marsaille into the most sought after woman in London, and you know it." As if on cue the elderly lady laughed, sending shivers throughout Ambrose's body. The men gave each other a look of disdain.

"Of course I do, so you shouldn't have any trouble with her." Anthony pointed to the other side of the ballroom where several potted plants stood lining the wall.

"A plant? You want me to turn a plant into the toast of the ton?" Ambrose asked, confused and simultaneously wondering how much champagne Anthony had already consumed.

"No, you fool. I want you to turn her into the toast of the ton." He pointed again.

Ambrose rubbed his eyes and strained to see what his brother was pointing to. "Do you see her, Wilde?"

Wilde shook his head and then paled. "Anthony, are you sure this is a good idea? Say, Ambrose, why don't we go to the tables and-"

"Where the devil is she? I don't see a thing. All I see is Lady Markham drinking her weight in sherry and the little chit in that awful green...um, yellow... what color is that dress? Oh, no-" he said all in the same breath. "Her? You want her to be the toast of the ton?"

"I think the color you're looking for is putrid," Wilde said in a helpful tone.

Ambrose cursed, ignoring his friend.

"Her name is Lady Cordelia."

"I know her bloody name, Anthony. What game do you play at? The chit nearly blends into the wall! The plant looks more inviting than the girl standing next to it!"

All three men watched as the lady in question appeared to be frozen, nay, paralyzed in her place. She gave the word wallflower a new meaning. Ambrose tilted his head to the side; surely she would look more inviting from another angle. After waiting several seconds, he gave up and cursed. Then he saw Anthony and Wilde doing the exact same thing.

"Doesn't help," he muttered, reaching for another glass of champagne. "Well, it seems you have outdone yourself."

"So I have." He rubbed his hands together. "Shall we gain you an introduction?"

"You cannot be serious," Ambrose scoffed.

Anthony crossed his arms. "Is that fear I smell, Wilde? It seems my brother reeks of it. Though he never has been one to back down from a challenge. This must be a humbling moment indeed."

Ambrose took a deep breath and looked away, seeking control over his competitive nature. Unfortunately, Anthony hadn't found him at his best. Doing something this stupid did have its appeal. Curse his twin for knowing how much he enjoyed a challenge.

"Our lady," Anthony said, ignoring his brother's inner battle, "arrived at the start of the Season. It is believed that the girl served out an indentured contract to a wealthy family in France to pay off some of her father's many debts. Now that her parents are no longer accepted in polite society, her aunt and uncle have graciously offered to sponsor her launch for one Season... certainly out of pity."

"I pity her," Wilde admitted. "The poor girl is embarrassingly past the marriageable age and looks about as out of place as a cow at Carlton House."

"So it is her first Season?" Ambrose asked, trying to feign a lack of interest when his gaze greedily scanned the girl across the room. Her dress was awful. But her story made it even more impossible for him to say no. If anyone deserved a stroke of luck it was she.

"Her first, and if anyone in this room has a say about it, her last," Anthony answered.

"Why her last?"

"Her reputation? The scandal with her parents? She was sold into human slavery, brother. What earl wants to be seen with the likes of her?"

Looking heavenward, Ambrose cursed and closed his eyes before he answered. "This one. The Earl of Hawthorne." The moment the words were free of his lips, the chill that plagued him earlier returned with a vengeance. Ignoring the feeling and the nagging need for caution that accompanied it, he took a step towards the girl, all the while knowing that within moments the name on everyone's lips would be Cordelia.

Chapter Two

The Lady

Cordelia was miserable. Her aunt and uncle insisted on sponsoring her return to London. After seven years of indentured servitude, however, she was grossly unprepared for societal expectations. Yet here she stood, pushed aside by the crush and trying desperately to blend in with the wall behind her.

Since her debut four weeks ago, she attracted only one man's attention. Sir Bryan had been following her far too closely, and though she knew she should be grateful for his interest, the man smelled like a medieval knight. Any time he was near, her eyes watered and she fought to keep her stomach from lurching. Cordelia found herself hiding from him and from every other man in the hall.

Unfortunately, the corner she chose for her hiding place was also the home to several indoor plants, which offered some lovely camouflage to match her dress, but when she backed into the foliage, her dress snagged and she was stuck fast. Mortified, she looked across the ballroom, desperate that no one would be the wiser to her plight. She scanned the room, and then froze when she noticed three men tilting their heads in her direction. It was just her luck that the very three men staring at her had the power to destroy her marital chances with one word.

Not that her chances were enviable now. Her family was steeped in scandal. She hadn't been trained for London Society, and at one and twenty years of age she was not highly sought after company. Even merchants' daughters turned their noses up at her misfortune.

It didn't matter that her family was titled. Her father's bad investments and his insatiable taste for gambling had driven them to the poor house, and as the only child, Cordelia was forced to bear the burden of repaying his debts.

She stared down at her skirt and struggled to free it from the branch with one hand. Even the small movement brought heat to her cheeks, and she hoped no one would notice her predicament. The last thing she needed right now was attention. Turning her focus to the snag, she tugged gently, trying to draw as little notice as possible.

"May I be of some assistance, m'lady?" A rich baritone startled her from her task and her head jerked up to ascertain who was speaking to her. She had been introduced to only one man present at this ball, and surely she would have sensed his approach long before he was close enough to engage her in conversation.

She recognized him in an instant. It was one of the well-known Benson twins. She dared not look long enough to determine which. They were nearly identical, and Cordelia had heard the only way to tell one from the other was by the length of his hair. Unfortunately, his unexpected notice of her brought an immediate mortification constricting in her throat and burned into her neck and cheeks. What was he doing over here? Why was he speaking to her?

"No!" she yelled then remembered herself. "Uh, no. Thank you, my lord." She focused on her skirt while working frantically to free it from the entanglement.

His attention meant everyone in the room would also be staring at her. The warmth in her cheeks spread to her ears. If only she could melt into the marble floor and disappear.

When a large gloved hand reached around her and twisted the skirt free from the branch, brushing her hand as it did so, she retracted hers quickly with a gasp. Her gaze darted to his and to the floor again. Her words tangled in her throat and tripped over one another on their way out of her mouth. "I'm sor- Thank y-I mean, pardon me, my lord."

"Not at all, m'lady. Glad to be of service." Cordelia dared not speak again for fear of humiliating herself further. Undoubtedly another mess of undecipherable utterances would only speed her already determined fate as an old maid. So she did the only thing she could think of. She spun on her heel and fled, weaving in and out of the throng of debutantes, having no real direction until she caught sight of her aunt sitting among the other matrons.

The sea of debutantes began to part as if she were being led by Moses himself. Cordelia realized she failed in her effort to escape. Fear gripped her, making it impossible for her to look up. She kept her gaze on the path before her and made a beeline to where her aunt waited, imagining she could feel the heat from the man following close behind her.

As she neared her sponsor, the woman's eyes widened in recognition and a patronizing smile spread across her red lips. She did not return Cordelia's gaze but rested hers instead on the man behind her.

"Lord Hawthorne, so lovely to see you again," she crooned with a low curtsy, dropping her fan in a most inappropriate fashion.

"Lady Trowbridge," he said then reached for her hand and kissed it chastely. "How do you fare this evening?" Cordelia peeked at him out of the corner of her eye. His brown wavy hair hung unfashionably long, teasing the edge of his collar. That would make him the elder of the two men, the Earl of Hawthorne, though both men were regarded highly by the bulk of the ton. What could he possibly want with her?

She wasn't so daft as to believe she would be of interest to anyone other than Sir Bryan, the stench of Cumberland. Which would leave only the man's pure morbid curiosity.

"Would you be so kind as to introduce me to your lovely charge?" Cordelia again felt the surge of embarrassment warm her neck and cheeks. Her gaze dropped to her hands. She busied herself with straightening her gloves and pretended not to hear Lord Hawthorne's request.

"Certainly, my lord," Lady Trowbridge replied. Cordelia's gaze darted to her aunt's face just in time to catch her wicked grin. "May I present my niece? Lady Cordelia Edwards." She nudged Cordelia with an elbow.

Cordelia curtsied awkwardly, losing her balance. Flailing her arms forward, she caught Lord Hawthorne's arm at the last moment and saved herself from falling flat on her face.

Her heart beat wildly in her chest as she righted herself and realized at the same moment she still clutched his arm. She released her hold immediately, snapping her shaking hand behind her back with a gasp.

Then he laughed. Her humiliation was complete.

The only thing worse would have been if she had fallen prostrate, throwing her skirts up in the air and offering the whole of the ton a brilliant view of her drawers.

She closed her eyes to hold back the barrage of tears, which were certain to come.

"Lady Cordelia," he said as he reached for her hand. "It is an honor to make your acquaintance." His mocking smile made her stomach churn. Once more she prayed she would melt into the marble floor, never to be heard from again.

"Manners, Cordelia," her aunt said with another sharp poke to Cordelia's ribs.

"The honor is mine, my lord," Cordelia managed to squeak out, keeping her gaze firmly on his Hessian boots as he pressed his lips to her gloved fingers.

"Will you dance, my lady?"

Cordelia shook her head in adamant refusal, but Lady Trowbridge shoved at her from behind with surprising force.

"Of course she will, my lord! Cordelia, dance with the gentleman!"

He offered his elbow. She stood paralyzed. Her aunt grabbed her hand and settled it firmly on his arm. Then with another push, sent her onto the dance floor with the Earl of Hawthorne as the orchestra began to play.

Oh, sweet Mary. A waltz.

Her heart felt wedged in her throat. She swallowed against it to no avail. Why was he dancing... no, why was he waltzing with her? And why, in Heaven's name, did her aunt give permission for such a scandalous display? She was supposed to be protecting her!

As Cordelia's mind raced, Lord Hawthorne escorted her to the center of the dance floor. He stopped and turned to her, placing his hand on her waist. She felt her whole body tighten in response, stiffening against the far too familiar touch. He took her other hand in his, clutching it in his vice grip.

Cordelia's heart beat a hollow rhythm. She could feel the burning gazes of everyone in the great hall boring into her with disgust. The man would surely be ruined after this blatant disregard for the opinion of the ton.

Curiosity began to nag at her, competing with embarrassment for attention. Almost involuntarily, she glanced at his face again. A mistake. The man was startlingly handsome and he stared directly at her, something she was not expecting.

He was also smiling. Not a mocking smile like before, but true and genuine. For an instant, Cordelia lost herself in his sea green eyes. Eyes so green but for the golden corona that outlined them to perfection.

"I believe the idea is to move one's feet," he whispered, startling her from her perusal of him.

Somehow she managed a weak smile and dropped her gaze again, then stepped to follow his lead. She had never waltzed before, though she had seen it done many times in the past four weeks from her hiding place near the wall. The pace was faster than she expected.

When Lord Hawthorne tightened a hand on her waist, pulling her closer to him, the breath caught in her throat. Gathering her courage, she looked him in the eye and with a trembling breathless voice she demanded, "Why are you dancing with me?"

He didn't answer right away, and she looked beyond him to the piercing stares directed at her. Her ears burned with humiliation, and the tears threatened from behind her eyes. "Will you please..." She faltered, but found her voice again. "Please. Leave me alone."

What was she expecting him to do? An honor bound man would never leave her standing alone on the dance floor. Even she, with her little knowledge and experience in such matters, knew that. Her throat constricted again, making each intake of breath a struggle. Would the dance never end?

"I will not. Not until your dance card is filled."

Terror gripped her, and her gloves grew moist with her perspiration.

The stares. The mocking glares and a full dance card. Her living nightmare. Everyone would be looking at her.

The music ended not a moment too soon and the earl escorted Cordelia back to her aunt and bowed low, kissing her fingers once more.

Just beyond the matrons, the debutantes whispered. Cordelia could hear her name. Why would he dance with Lady Cordelia? Isn't she the indentured servant? She closed her eyes against the fire creeping up her neck again.

"And why wouldn't the Earl of Hawthorne dance with the most interesting woman in the room?" Another man's deep voice broke past the whispers. Cordelia turned to see who had spoken.

The mirror image of the man she danced with stood beside Lady Trowbridge. Viscount Maddox took her hand and kissed it. She stared at him with wide eyes, and then he winked at her.

What a forward display! Had he no idea people were watching them?

"Shall we, my lady?" he asked, taking her hand and leading her back onto the dance floor before she had a chance to protest.

"And I will take the next dance, my lady," the third man of their party shouted after them.

The night continued in that same fashion until its conclusion. Cordelia had never danced so much, and never with the same man a second time. What was happening to her? Everyone watched her, but she hardly had time to think about them. As her uncle helped her into their carriage at the end of the evening, her feet ached and her back screamed for rest.

Settling into the seat, Cordelia closed her eyes and thought, Truly all of London has turned on its ear.

Chapter 3

The Terms

Ambrose found he couldn't stop whistling as he made his way towards the rented townhouse where Lady Cordelia resided. The previous night could not have gone better. He had half a mind to congratulate his brother on his sheer genius. Ambrose hadn't felt this excited about a Season in years, and that included the time Wilde announced he was going to marry the first woman he laid eyes on. Unfortunately, that woman had been a mature ninety years old.

As he approached the regal mansion, Ambrose exhaled in relief. He wasn't certain he could rely on the rumors that although Lady Cordelia's parents had no money, the aunt and uncle were quite well off.

He took the steps two at a time and clanged the knocker three times. The butler answered, tray in hand. Ambrose threw his hat onto the empty silver surface. "Lord Hawthorne to see Lord Trowbridge. Is he available?"

The butler narrowed his eyes, and then opened the door wider, allowing Ambrose entry. He was led into the salon where a maid promptly brought tea. She too gave him a skeptical look, as if he were on display at the museum. Ignoring the help, he leaned back on the sofa and waited.

Within minutes Lord Trowbridge swept into the room. He was a tall man, dignified in his appearance. An afternoon jacket stretched across his broad shoulders. Brown hair thinned on his head and combed neatly to the side. An even darker mustache curled above his lips, giving him the look of a man not to be crossed.

It was of no consequence. Ambrose was used to dealing with peers from all walks of life. They still put on their breeches one leg at a time. All, he concluded, were human and easily dealt with. He just needed to placate the man's sense of self-importance.

"Lord Trowbridge. It is an honor that you would take time for a meeting." The first step was always to compliment one's opponent, make them relax.

Trowbridge smiled, the muscles in his body seemed to loosen, especially those around his jawline.

"A lovelier home I haven't seen in ages. If the state of it is any indication of the rest of your estates, it seems the rest of us could learn a great deal from you about keeping things in impeccable condition." Ambrose smiled and leaned back, one hand facing up on his lap while the other rested against the sofa mimicking a look of vulnerability. He then turned his head to the side and waited.

"My lord," Trowbridge started nearly jumping over his words. "The honor is mine! For truly, I have heard a great deal about you but never had the opportunity, nay, the great fortune of meeting your acquaintance. Tell me, what can I do for you?"

Music to his ears. "So good of you to ask, my lord. You see, it has come to my attention that your niece has made her debut this Season."

Trowbridge tensed and gripped the side of the chair until his knuckles turned white. "Yes, well, you see... her parents were, or that is, they are..."

Ambrose waved his hand flippantly in the air. "I am well aware of Lady Cordelia's situation, Trowbridge. It is because of the..." He searched for the correct word. "Magical meeting we had last night that I am now sitting in your home."

"Oh?" Trowbridge leaned forward in interest, his gaze clearly taking in the ramifications of what Ambrose was communicating.

"Yes. Though I am aware it isn't necessary for me to spout off all of her many accomplishments. It seems Lady Cordelia and I would be a brilliant match. I wanted to make my intentions known. I wish to court her."

At that announcement, Trowbridge spat out the tea and began coughing. Motionless, Ambrose merely watched as the man's face took on a purplish hue before Lady Trowbridge burst into the room.

"You wish to court Lady Cordelia?" Lady Trowbridge asked, smiling and patting her husband on the back. "So sorry, my lord. My husband has coughing fits often." She nudged him with her elbow as he nodded emphatically.

"Happens," cough, cough, "all the time," cough, "my lord."

If only Ambrose would have bet money on the Earl and Countess's response. He could have easily taken more money from his brother.

"My apologies. Perhaps another time would be better." Ambrose rose.

"No!" they said in unison.

Lady Trowbridge tittered, "Ah, my lord. I am so very sorry. It has been an odd afternoon. Did I hear you correctly before? You truly wish to court Cordelia?"

Ambrose held their gazes for a few seconds before answering. "With all my heart. She wouldn't happen to be available for callers, would she? I know many men have probably expressed similar interest-"

"No!" Lady Trowbridge yelled again. This time she placed her hand against her heaving bosom. "That is to say... I mean, yes. There has been much, er, interest."

The earl began choking all over again.

"Is she otherwise engaged?" Ambrose ignored the horrifying sound coming from the earl's throat, wanting more than anything for their uncomfortable display of shock to be done with.

"No. I'll just go fetch her, shall I?" To say Lady Trowbridge floated out of the room would be a gross understatement. Ambrose felt almost sorry for her obvious excitement. Her shoe caught on the Persian rug as she whizzed past the door.

Within moments she returned, Lady Cordelia in tow, hiding behind her guardian like a lamb would from a wolf. Smart girl.

He inclined his head to the side much like he had the previous night. It seemed the only logical thing to do, given the fact that she was half concealed.

"Cordelia," her aunt scolded. "Greet your guest."

Cordelia stepped from behind her aunt. Ambrose's mouth went completely dry. A first for him, to be sure.

The girl was dressed in a simple white muslin that draped quite brilliantly over her voluptuous body. Why the devil had the girl chosen such a ridiculous dress as she had worn the night before? It was akin to hiding a flower underneath a dark storm cloud.

Stepping forward, he bowed and took her hand, lightly kissing her fingers. Irritation plagued him when he found himself quite without a single acceptable thing to say other than good day, which sounded incredibly boring.

"Lady Cordelia," he crooned. "It is such a pleasure to see you again."

A piece of hair fell across her cheekbone, without thinking his hand twitched to brush it back, and then he realized they had an audience. Surely that would not do.

"Would you be so kind as to accompany me on an afternoon ride through the park?" He hadn't planned to take her out in public, but it would do more good than harm to have the ton gossips see them together. He would need complete participation from her if he was to pull this off without a hitch.

"I, um...." Cordelia's eyes flickered for a moment before she nodded mutely.

"Lovely, darling! This is just lovely!" Her aunt clasped her hands together in glee. Ambrose would bet his best horse that the woman already picked out names for all their children.

"Right then, shall we?" He offered his arm. The lady took it, but he barely felt the presence of her arm in his. For being such a shy little thing, she certainly did have the body of a goddess. Not that he was looking or really thinking about it. It was more of a passing notion. Something that a gentleman, any gentleman with two eyes, would notice.

Once they were safely within the curricle, away from the watchful eyes of her aunt and uncle, he felt immensely better. Ambrose relished the thought of breathing without the interruption of the horrid coughing noise from Cordelia's uncle.

"Lady Cordelia, I hope it is alright if I address you by your Christian name."

She smiled, or at least he thought she did, but as quickly as it appeared it went away. She shrugged and continued to look at everything but him.

"I'll take that as a yes. And please call me Ambrose. Everyone does."

She tensed. "Why?"

It was barely a whisper, but he heard it nonetheless. "It just makes me seem more familiar..."

She shook her head. "No. I wasn't referring to your name."

"Then, I must admit I'm confused as to the question."

Sighing, she turned to look at him. All her inner strength played across her face for him to see. "Why are you with me? Is this some sort of game? I assure you, it cannot make my reputation any worse, but I put my foot down when it comes to hurting my family."

"Can't imagine a girl with such tiny feet putting them down on anything really," he said with a glance at her boots.

"You're changing the subject." Her voice trembled with diffidence.

"So I am, but you really do have lovely feet." He cleared his throat. "I assure you, this is no game, Cordelia. You interest me. Is that too farfetched for your imagination?"

Cordelia smiled and looked at her gloved hands, so petite in her lap. He had the sudden urge to grab them, to protect and support her. To fight her battles and win them, if only to glimpse another smile. She seemed too sad for such a pretty girl. What was even sadder, to his ultimate disgrace, was that he never truly looked at her face until now. He merely made a judgment based on the horrid dress and harsh hairstyle.

She still hadn't answered his question by the time they reached Hyde Park where all peers were busy driving around and waiting to be seen. It was now or never.

Without asking permission, he pushed off Lady Cordelia's hat. It flew off her head at rapid speed. She put her hands to her mouth and gasped. Ambrose smiled at his own brilliance. Stopping the horses, he told her to wait as he ran after the hat. Because he had stopped, the rest of the carriages behind him stopped to see what the commotion was about. By the time he returned her hat, they had the attention of most of Hyde Park.

"I believe this belongs to you?" he said, offering the hat back to the lady. He thought he saw her roll her eyes but must have been mistaken, for a wallflower would never roll her eyes at him of all people!

He helped her out of the carriage and made a grand show of aiding her in replacing her hat. Lady Cordelia's face was as red as a tomato. Ambrose couldn't help but grin as he finally tied the ribbons under her chin, then without thought rested his two fingers beneath it to examine her face.

"Stunning," he said without realizing he spoke out loud.

She stepped back as if he had just slapped her, and then began walking away. He was more shocked than embarrassed and could do nothing save follow her and try to figure out why he was losing control over his own speech in her presence.

"I still want to know," she said, stopping by the nearest tree.

"What is that? Oh, yes. I believe you asked why, and then I insulted your imagination. That about catches us up doesn't it?" He rested his lean body against the tree and folded his arms across his chest.

She nodded, gazing out over the park scenery.

"Right then, let me speak plainly. I want to be your friend. It seems to be something you lack. My desire is to have others see you as I see you now."

She lifted her eyes towards his. They were crystal clear, a beautiful blue. The type of blue a man could wish to drown in. Ambrose found the rest of the park fading away as his focus continued to be so heavily drawn to her face that he forgot all else. A small nose and high cheekbones framed perfect porcelain skin. His eyes trained on a petite dimple on the right side of her mouth. He found himself leaning towards her.

Shakily, she jerked away and after a long silence, she said, "I suppose you are right."

"I am?" he asked, then corrected. "Of course I am."

"Yes." A genuine smile revealed that fetching dimple, and Ambrose suddenly felt it turn hot outside. Was he sweating? He needed a drink. Cordelia turned her gaze from him again and he thought she was finished speaking. After another prolonged pause, she began again, "I should like to have a friend. I know very little of polite society, nor do I know how to dance well. Honestly, I would rather blend in to the wall than be seen by anyone." She leaned dreamily against the same large tree. "If they see me, truly see me, they will judge me. I would rather spare myself that pain."

Usually when women spoke of such personal feelings, Ambrose felt the sudden urge to get foxed or run in the opposite direction, yet now his body shook. Again, the undeniable urge to protect her washed through him. It took hold of him with such force he felt he would snap.

Gathering himself before he made a complete fool of himself he finally answered, "That, my dear, Cordelia is not what I would call living. I will admit to some truth in it. Yes, you will indeed be judged. You will be watched, and yes, it is terrifying." Her face fell. Unable to stop himself he tenderly stroked her hand. "But I am a firm believer in living life to its fullest. Hiding your beauty underneath wretched garments, protecting your heart standing by plants, and allowing others to pass judgment on you without knowing you is unjust. It is not right. You have my word. You will thank me at the end of the Season, for our friendship will be that of legends."

She still seemed unsure, so he pushed further. "Do you want to be alone the rest of your life? Living out your days as a spinster or a governess to some bratty children? Or do you want more?"

"More," she squeaked, still flushed and unable to meet his gaze.

"Do you trust me?" he asked.

"No." She giggled, shaking her head. "I'm sorry, but I do not."

"Well, you are a very intelligent girl." He laughed along with her. "Will you let me help you?"

He waited, and in his mind it felt like days. She was so still and quiet. Then, ever so slowly, she nodded.

"Then take my hand," he instructed.

She did so without pause. He held her dainty hand as they walked across Hyde Park until they reached his waiting curricle. A more eerie experience he'd never had. For it seemed that the whole of Hyde Park had frozen in place to watch him hold hands with the wallflower in public.

The horses moved them down the street. He noticed a new look of admiration in some of the young men's eyes. One thing was for certain, the girl would have more gentlemen callers than she would know what to do with. He suddenly grimaced when he thought about her dress from the night before. If they were to go to Almack's, she needed something other than that horrid, putrid color she had worn the night before.

"Cordelia?"

"Yes?"

"How do you feel about the color blue?"

Chapter Four

The Waltz

"Can you believe our good fortune?" Lady Trowbridge crooned to her husband as she took his proffered hand and stepped down from the carriage, her eyes wide and scoured the building before her. "Vouchers for Almack's! I'm overcome with emotion. Truly!"

Cordelia stepped down behind her aunt. Dread enveloped her as she scrutinized the well-known social club. She swallowed the lump in her throat. The building itself was unimpressive-nothing like she had imagined it would be based on its reputation among the ton. But it wasn't the building that mattered. It was the prestige of acquiring a voucher.

Her aunt and uncle had never applied for them before; they were too worried they would be turned down and so seal their fate to be doomed to a mediocre social standing. Lady Trowbridge's excitement was understandable. Even Cordelia was duly impressed... that is, she would have been, if she wasn't so overwhelmed by the day's instruction from Lord Hawthorne.

So many things to remember! Deciphering the fan signals alone was enough to keep her mind swimming for days. What if she got confused and told someone he could approach her when what she meant to say was she just wanted to share a greeting? The proper etiquette, proper posture, proper topics of conversation. Cordelia was dizzy as she walked through the doors, and her stomach churned within her.

She scanned the room for Lord Hawthorne the moment she entered, but he was nowhere to be found. Traitor.

Many guests had already arrived, and everyone seemed to be staring at her. Her aunt and uncle strode away from her to greet their friends, leaving her standing alone without a thought for her fears. Her breath caught in her throat, and before she knew what she was doing, she gravitated toward the corner were the plants were, trying desperately to shrink into the background. So much for a friend to offer his support.

Her hands trembled against her will as she reached into her reticule to withdraw her fan. Focusing her attention fully on her task, praying silently the night would end soon. A suave tenor voice interrupted her phylacteries. "Find what you're looking for, my lady?" Her head jerked up with a start.

"Good evening, Lady Cordelia." Sir Wilde stood beside her with an odd smirk spread across his face.

"Sir Wilde," she greeted him and swallowed back her nervousness. Lord Hawthorne had instructed her on the fine art of conversation, how to smile but remain aloof, how to feign interest. Every bit of his direction flew right out of her mind in that moment and the fear paralyzed her.

"How are you this evening?" he asked his eyes focused intently on her.

"Fine, thank you."

"How do you find Almack's?"

"It's lovely." He stared at her for a moment, as if he expected her to elaborate. She searched her mind for something else to say. Anything else to say. But it was blank. Her tongue felt like sand in her mouth. She could feel the blush burning her eyes, face threatening to give away her mortification, so she looked down at her reticule.

"Would you like some lemonade, Lady Cordelia?" he finally asked. She nodded. He offered his arm. Taking it, she thanked God she was able to manage to walk in a straight line as he led her to the opposite end of the large assembly hall. "I want to give you fair warning. The lemonade is watered down and by the time you drink it, I fear, very warm indeed, but it should ease some of your nerves." Sir Wilde gave her a blinding smile then reached for two cups of the liquid.

Shaking, she took the cup in her hand and ventured a long sip. In horror, she realized it was ready to come back up the instant she swallowed the vile contents.

"What is this?" she sputtered without thought.

Sir Wilde laughed, drawing more attention than she would have liked, before answering, "In my defense I did give you fair warning, did I not?"

She smiled. "I suppose so."

Sir Wilde grinned from ear to ear. "I believe it is that time, my lady."

"What time?" she asked, confused and still lamenting over the fact that her taste buds would never again be the same.

"Time to dance and set tongues to wagging. After you, my dear."

She could hardly say no. His manners, even his way of speaking, put her completely at ease. Unlike Hawthorne, there was nothing smooth or calculating about his presence. In fact, she imagined he would make a great ally if it was possible for her to speak at least once in his presence.

He led her to the floor for a quadrille and grinned when she managed a small smile.

People glanced their way, but all in all, no outrageous staring occurred. Finally at ease, she was able to enjoy the dancing for what it was. Simple dancing, meant to be fun and exhilarating. She hardly noticed when it ended.

That is until she felt a warm presence behind her and saw Sir Wilde's eyes gleam with pleasure.

"Ah, Ambrose, it is about time you show up."

Should she turn around? Acknowledge him? Laugh? For his presence was too much for her, too confident, too charismatic. He said he wanted friendship but it didn't seem... right.

"Thank you for taking care of Lady Cordelia for me, Wilde. I believe I can handle things from here." The twinkle in his eyes as he held his arm out to her sent the heat burning into her ear lobes again. The sensation of eyes boring into her back seemed to scorch through her light blue gown.

He turned to her and bowed over her hand. "Good evening, my lady," he offered with a wide bright grin, then brushed his lips across her gloved fingers.

"My lord," she answered, focusing her gaze on her own hands.

"Shall we take a turn around the room?"

Cordelia glanced back to her corner, her safe harbor, hidden behind the potted plants. She longed to return there. Anything rather than putting herself on display with the most watched gentleman in the hall. She could feel her body slump inwardly, trying to make herself smaller and hence, less noticeable.

Hawthorne offered her his arm again, and she took it. She had no alternative but to trust him, though it took every fiber of her being to keep herself from running screaming from the hall, the club, the city, the country-all the way back to France, safe in Madame Tremaine's dress shop, where she understood the social expectations. Design. Cut. Sew. Create beauty.

No need to speak to anyone.

"My lady," he addressed the Countess of Jersey, "may I present Lady Cordelia, the niece of Lord and Lady Trowbridge."

Cordelia curtsied without incident. Her heart beat wildly in her chest. The woman held her glasses to her eyes and scrutinized Cordelia carefully.

Hawthorne nudged her ribs almost imperceptibly. "How do you do, my lady?" she offered with a genuine sweet smile.

"Lovely, my dear. Hawthorne, are you going to ask the lady to dance?" Lady Jersey asked after finishing her perusal of Cordelia and apparently finding her acceptable.

"It is the next item on my list, my lady." He glanced at Cordelia with a sly grin, followed by a bedeviling wink.

"Then you should greet Lady Levien. I understand the waltz is up next." She nodded towards the woman in question standing on her other side.

"Thank you, my lady. We will do that." He stepped to his left and bowed to Lady Levien. Cordelia followed him, clutching his arm for support. Her palms were sweating again, and she hoped the moisture hadn't made it through her gloves.

"Lady Levien, may I present Lady Cordelia? The niece of Lord and Lady Trowbridge."

The woman's eyes narrowed as she surveyed Cordelia with a slow, deliberate gaze, taking her in from head to toe. She seemed to be sizing her up and considering the gossip she had heard at the same time. Cordelia could feel her judgment falling like a heavy millstone, weighing her down.

"My lady." Cordelia curtsied in a low, smooth motion. She hoped the patroness would not notice her trembling hands.

"Trowbridge you say?" Lady Levien measured her appearance once more, and then leveled her gaze on Cordelia's eyes. "Your mother was a dear friend of mine, child. I was sorry to hear of her downfall." Her voice softened to a whisper for the latter, and Cordelia was grateful she hadn't drawn more attention to her family's scandal. She nodded and cast her gaze to the floor. The music started up again.

"Thank you, my lady."

Then as if to save her from further humiliation, Hawthorne took her hand and lifted it into the air slightly. "With your permission?"

Lady Levien nodded and turned her attention to another guest.

As they sauntered onto the dance floor, Cordelia realized she had been holding her breath and allowed a low sigh of relief to escape her lips.

Hawthorne raised an eyebrow in her direction as he wrapped his left hand around her waist and took her hand in his right. She tensed. Would she ever get used to such close contact?

"Were you worried?" he asked, leading her through the steps.

"I was petrified," she answered, which seemed to amuse him. He chuckled.

"Is something funny, my lord?"

"Your honesty. It's rare and refreshing."

"Weren't you worried?"

"Not at all."

"Not even a little?"

"Well, I must admit, I was relieved you didn't fall into Lady Jersey's lap as you curtsied."

A giggle pushed it way through her throat. The very idea was both hilarious and mortifying at the same time. She had to admit it was a relief to her too.

"Can you just imagine? My aunt would drop dead from the embarrassment. And I would never hear the end of it."

"And I probably would lose you to the plant corner for the rest of your natural life."

Choking on the unexpected laugh, Cordelia replied, "I do love foliage."

She peered up at his golden emerald eyes in time to see him blink in surprise and stare back at her. "Lady Cordelia, I believe you have been holding out on me. You have quite the quick wit." He smiled at her with admiration.

"Let's keep it our little secret, shall we? We wouldn't want the ton to get the idea I have a personality."

"Agreed." A jovial grin spread across his lips, and he chuckled under his breath at the private joke. When the dance came to an end, Hawthorne escorted Cordelia from the floor. He bowed to her as they separated. Cordelia curtsied and stood for an uncertain moment before turning back towards her plant corner. The comfort of concealment beckoned to her, and she stepped in that direction with a sigh of relief, happy to be finally out of the line of people's vision.

Behind her a throat cleared. "Lady Cordelia," came a familiar voice. "You wouldn't be rushing off to tend the plants now, would you?"

Her heart fell. Yes. That's exactly where I'm going, she thought. She spun on her heel and faced the other handsome twin. "Lord Maddox." Of course. They weren't going to let her sit one out this evening either apparently. Fighting the impulse to roll her eyes, she offered him a sweet smile instead. "I was just hoping for a short reprieve, my lord."

"Nonsense. You must dance with me."

"Must I?"

"Naturally. My brother and I are in competition, my lady. You must dance with each of us in order to judge the better dancer." His wide grin made her feel at ease. He leaned close to add in a whisper, "I already know it is I, but you must make an official announcement."

"I see. I will make an effort to be impartial." She returned his grin.

"Not necessary, I assure you. However, I am so much better than he, you may wish to erect a statue in my honor when we are through." At that, Cordelia couldn't help but laugh out loud, and when she tried to fight it, the effort resulted in an audible snort, which set them both to laughing even more as Maddox whisked her onto the floor.

Chapter Five

The Rub

Ambrose fought to keep his face indifferent as he watched his brother and Cordelia dance. Of course it was kind of Anthony to dance with Cordelia. Why should he of all people be jealous that the lady in question happened to also share her rare musical laughter with Anthony?

Preposterous! He hadn't been jealous of his brother, not once in his life! He shook his head but found he couldn't keep his gaze from raking the couple on the dance floor. She was exquisite. The blue gown draped across her curves quite nicely and Ambrose found when she smiled, the small dimple that appeared made his heart slam into his chest. Peculiar, that dimple, as if it was meant to tease or taunt, for both times when it made its presence known he felt somewhat enraptured with touching it, or kissing it.

He took a steadying breath. He really had no one to blame but himself. It seemed Cordelia had the correct idea in hiding her beauty behind the plants, for now that she was out in the open it was if a star was shining in Almack's, a star named Cordelia. Her wavy blonde hair was quite the thing, tousled into a loose chignon. Several pieces of her hair naturally fell on the curve of her neck and he found himself again staring.

Just then Anthony said something else to the lady and she laughed. The sound piercing the assembly hall, drawing the attention he knew she despised, but instead of cowering she merely lowered her head and continued to smile.

Waves of possessiveness washed over him as his breathing increased, when was the blasted dance to end? For it had to be the longest dance of the night!

"Hawthorne? I've been looking for you, my lord." Lady Levien stepped directly in front of his line of sight. In a moment of panic, he almost asked to be excused but knew better than to say anything of the sort to a patroness.

"How may I be of service?" He inclined his head but kept a trained eye on the couple.

"I mean to ask after Lady Cordelia. She is exquisite, is she not?" At this Lady Levien turned to glance at the couple and let out a feminine sigh. "Terrible what happened to her family. I cannot imagine forcing my own child into servanthood to cover a debt. It truly is a Cinderella story, don't you think, my lord?"

"Surely," he answered, though he wasn't sure what a wallflower and Cinderella had in common.

"To think," the lady continued, "all that time making dresses for the wealthy society of France, to never have her own debut or go to a ball until now. I commend you, Hawthorne. If anyone deserves to be the toast, it is she."

Before he had a chance to speak or close his gaping mouth for that matter, the lady continued. "I've also done my part, as you can see." She nodded towards the other patronesses and noticed Lady Trowbridge talking with them looking as if she would explode with excitement in that very instant. "I hope you do not mind, dear."

"Not in the least." He smiled and then glanced to see the end of the dance where Anthony bowed over Cordelia's hand and kissed the air above her delicate fingers.

"I take it you are not courting the girl?"

Blast, the woman was still talking. Could she not see he had serious business to attend to? Business matters including a girl with curly hair and a dimple, business of tasting and touching and...

"Lord Hawthorne?"

"I apologize. You were asking about my intentions towards the girl?"

She nodded her head, an amused expression across her face.

"Well, I-" He took a deep breath. "That is, we are just acquaintances. Very good acquaintances." He grinned.

Lady Levien's eyes narrowed into a suspicious expression.

"Do not misunderstand me, my lady. I meant merely that we are friends, nothing more. I would love for her to find someone to share her life with. Her happiness is my only intention."

Lady Levien's demeanor relaxed immediately, and she held up her hand. He kissed it as she curtsied and left to rejoin the other patronesses. It was in that moment that Ambrose realized he was sweating. His need was such that only Cordelia could lift him out of his current state of puzzlement.

Greedily, he searched for her only to find Wilde asking her permission to dance. Curse his friends and family!

He marched over to the couple just in time to be pulled back by the strong arms of his brother.

"Ambrose? You look as though you mean to start a fight."

"Never," Ambrose answered, chest heaving.

"Say, this wouldn't be about Cordelia, would it? I find she is delightful, quite beautiful, in fact. Wouldn't you agree?"

Ambrose watched longingly as Wilde and Cordelia began a reel, and he winced as she smiled at Wilde.

"Yes." Ambrose's tone sounded dry, indifferent, possibly even a trifle cold. But on the inside, he was burning.

"She's quite a witty little thing once you get her started," Anthony said, lifting his eyebrow in his brother's direction. "But I daresay you've already discovered the jewel that is her personality, haven't you?"

Ambrose bit his lip in frustration and turned to face his brother head on. "What are you getting at?"

"Nothing at all." Anthony lifted his hands in surrender. "Merely speculating."

"Care to speculate elsewhere?" Ambrose offered curtly.

Anthony laughed. "Dear brother, it is a bet. Perhaps you would do well to remember that? After all, she could make a brilliant match this Season, just look at how much appreciation she is already gaining from the gentlemen?"

Ambrose told himself not to look, that by looking he was allowing his brother to again control him and make him even more jealous than he already was. The trouble, it seemed, with being twins, was that his brother knew him too well. Merely by standing near him, Ambrose guessed Anthony knew exactly what un-holy thoughts were going through his mind.

Unable to back down from anyone, especially his brother, Ambrose lifted his gaze and noted that unfortunately, Anthony was correct. Several men were watching Wilde and Cordelia, murmuring to one another and smiling with glee.

Well, he couldn't very well fight them all off.

He grimaced, clearly alarmed with the idea that he needed to fight anyone off.

Then again...

Were they not friends? Close friends, that is. Who better to help her weed through the potential suitors than the one who started it all in the first place? At least he was secure in the fact that she was a shy girl, and men wouldn't naturally approach her unless she was more welcoming.

Smugly, he finally felt he could breathe a little easier.

The dance finished none too soon, and Cordelia was back at his side.

"Do you think you'll expire before the night's end, Cordelia?"

She tilted her head and captured her bottom lip between her teeth. He found he couldn't look away as she shrugged in response.

"Air?" he croaked.

"Ambrose?" Her voice was soft, so very quiet and tempting. "Are you well, my lord?"

He pulled at his cravat. "It is rather hot, don't you agree?" Stifling was what it was. "Would you accompany me outside for a brief respite, Cordelia?"

"Of course." She took his arm as he guided her to the open doors leading to the back terrace. "You look flushed, Ambrose. Perhaps we should retire for the evening?"

Of all the things for her to say. Did it have to be flushed and retire for the evening in the same sentence? Put it like that, and rest assured the only thoughts in his mind were enough to drive any sane man to drink. Pictures of the soft-spoken wallflower in his bedroom, that wild hair, her perfectly untouched lips-or at least he assumed them to be.

If anything, being outside was even more stifling, for they were alone. He must be going mad. He was with a wallflower, an innocent with no experience of the world, and here he was ready to choke to death on his cravat because she unwittingly tempted him.

It was the pressure of winning the bet.

It had to be.

"There is no need to retire, Cordelia," he answered, finally gaining a deep breath of London air, which to be honest wasn't at all refreshing. "You seemed to be enjoying the dancing. And wonder of all wonders, you did not faint from all the attention. In fact, you seem to be having-dare I say it-fun?"

At that she laughed, the intoxicating musical laughter that earlier had penetrated him leaving him defenseless and utterly dumbstruck.

"I did enjoy myself, but I imagine it was the company more than anything. Sir Wilde told me stories of your childhood with Anthony. And Anthony, in turn, told me of your times at university."

And that was why she was laughing?

Because of him?

Asinine dunderheads, he'd kill them both. He'd march back in there right now and-

Cordelia laid a gloved hand across his forearm. "I had no idea you were such a lover of the arts, my lord. Or that you studied botany at university. Interesting hobby, considering you accused me of having an unhealthy fascination with foliage."

He smiled; his senses tingled with her scent. "Yes, well, the plants you had chosen to stand by can cause a woman... harm." Harm? If he could have groaned, he would have.

"Oh?" Her eyebrow quirked. "How so?"

Yes, how so? Lovely question. "Well..." He gave his brain adequate time to find a solution to his predicament. "You see... when a woman of such a porcelain complexion stands too near, it is believed that plant can secrete certain toxins which, when in close contact with such delicate sensibilities, can transform one into-"

"A wallflower?" she offered, and then slapped her hands across her mouth.

Ambrose burst out laughing. "I couldn't have said it better myself."

"Forgive me," Cordelia said, still blushing from her outburst. "I should not have interrupted that interesting...speech."

Her head fell forward, most likely embarrassed still. A strand of her unruly hair dropped across her cheek. Without thought, Ambrose reached out to push it behind her ear, but it would not stick.

He tried again, this time his hand shaking. Cordelia wrapped her fingers around his. "Is there something wrong with my hair? It has always been so difficult to manage; I almost always pull it back tight to keep it contained."

"Never," he said absentmindedly as their hands touched.

"My lord?"

"Never again are you to contain that glorious hair of yours."

Her breath hitched; he noticed, because the instant it happened his eyes darted to her parted lips. He leaned in, lightly inviting her mouth to taste his. She seemed unsure, frozen in place. He lifted her chin and ever so gently brushed a light kiss across her lips. If lightning would have struck him where he stood, he wouldn't have been shocked, for the minute her innocent lips came into contact with his, he was a changed man.

An electric current hummed between their bodies. Without asking permission or thinking of their current situation, or the bet for that matter, he laid claim to her lips again. She didn't push against him. Instead she sighed as he pressed his body against hers and used his tongue to part her lips further. Lust shot through him at alarming speed as Cordelia let out a sensual sigh, entangling her fingers into his hair. With a little tug, she had his complete devotion and attention. In fact, he was quite ready to ruin her and be done with it. Tentatively, she tasted him as he had her. At that moment the fires of Hades couldn't have put a stop to his sensual exploration of her mouth. His hands slid down her waist memorizing every line of her body...

"Ahem, I can see I'm interrupting. Good thing too, considering the circumstances."

Ambrose lifted his gaze and looked straight into the face of his twin brother.

"Devil take it, what do you want, Anthony?" He had yet to release Cordelia out of sheer possessiveness.

"Well, apparently not the same thing you want, eh, Ambrose?" He winked at Cordelia, who blushed profusely, and then cleared his throat again. "I believe this dance was promised to me." He held out his hand.

"Yes, of course!" Cordelia's words were too rushed. "Forgive me, Lord Maddox, I-" She didn't finish her sentence. Instead she firmly grasped his elbow as he led her back inside. Only when they crossed the threshold did Anthony turn around and shake his smug little head in Ambrose's direction.

Chapter Six

The Rescue

If anyone had told her that her first kiss would be with Hawthorne, she would have laughed and said they were delusional. Instead, as she sat in the carriage across from her aunt and uncle, all she could think of was the incessant buzzing she felt across her lips, a lingering reminder of his lips on hers.

She was more curious than anything. Not necessarily mad. It helped, of course, that he seemed just as shocked as she when they pulled apart. Looking out the window beside her, she relived the memory and wondered if Hawthorne was thinking about it too.

Every little girl dreams of her first kiss, imagines what it will be like when her knight in shining armor storms in on his valiant white horse to rescue her from captivity. Cordelia was no exception. It was the one fantasy she could run to that would occupy her mind for the long hours and years of service she owed to her father's debtors.

Of course, her knight never came, and the dreams of the little girl who once was slowly faded with time. By the time her aunt and uncle agreed to sponsor her debut, Cordelia no longer clung to unrealistic fantasies. She was the daughter of scandal and of ruined parents. There wasn't a gentleman among the ton who would see his way clear to rescue her from her state of disgrace.

It was best not to allow her hopes to hang on a single stolen kiss.

But it was nice to feel wanted... even if just for a moment.

****

The weeks of her first Season seemed to fly by. At every event her card was full before she had a chance to find the best corner for concealment. Somehow, however, it seemed that Lord Hawthorne took every waltz on her card, as if the two of them alone owned the dance.

They didn't discuss the kiss. And she told herself it didn't matter. He had likely shared innumerable kisses with the ladies of the ton; he would likely share innumerable more, so it wouldn't do to force the issue with him. Instead, she pushed the matter from her mind and focused on enjoying her moment in the sun, which was certain to end soon enough.

She spent her afternoon receiving would-be suitors and her evenings dancing with them, but none had yet stood apart from the others as one who would be worthy of serious consideration. Not that she saw herself as one with a plethora of options, and their attention would certainly not last beyond this Season, but not one of the gentlemen pursuing her seemed to be any different than the others. Cordelia was uncomfortable with all of them.

Some more than others. Whenever Sir Bryan appeared in her uncle's drawing room, she was certain she would turn blue and pass out from lack of oxygen before his visit ended. He actually did stand out from the others. But poor hygiene was not an admirable trait, even to a lady who felt she had no options.

With Sir Wilde and Viscount Maddox, Cordelia found herself at complete ease. She could laugh and be herself.

Hawthorne was another matter entirely. With him she was more herself than at any other time in her life. But he was not a suitor, and it was made clear from the beginning that was not his intention. So in spite of her growing affinity for the man, she told her heart to find another before it was too late.

It was that three weeks after experiencing her first kiss, Cordelia found herself at another ton event. True to form she had not been given a single reprieve from the dancing and was exhausted. Lord Saunders had just escorted her back to her aunt and suggested a light refreshment.

Out of the corner of her eye, Cordelia caught sight of Sir Bryan making his way towards her with a purpose set in his features. Her sole escape seemed to be a visit to the ladies' salon, so excusing herself with a polite curtsy, she spun on her heel and scurried to the only safe refuge she knew.

Gratefully, the room was close by, and she made it inside without incident, breathing a heavy sigh of relief and leaning against the wall with closed eyes. When she opened her eyes again, Cordelia saw a young debutante seated just across the narrow entry to the salon. Her face was downcast and shining with tears.

Cordelia's heart went out to the young girl. As she took a step forward, the cattish voices of several ladies drifted around the corner. Turning her head towards the sound, Cordelia could hear their conversation without difficulty.

"Did you see her ridiculous gown?"

"Oh, my dear, it is positively dreadful."

"Who on earth is her modiste? Madame Gypsy?" A skittering of feminine cackles echoed in the salon.

"She certainly didn't think her wardrobe through. There's not a self-respecting gentleman in the ton who would dance with her looking like that, let alone give her the time of day."

Cordelia glanced back at the girl in front of her. The debutante had turned away and was wiping at her eyes, sobbing silently. Cordelia took the seat next to her, offered her a handkerchief from her reticule, and then took her by the hand. With a gentle squeeze and an encouraging smile, Cordelia gave a light toss of her head to indicate they would enter together.

The girl's deep brown eyes widened in fear. Cordelia smiled again and nodded her head. "It will be fine," she whispered and coaxed her to follow in spite of her reticence.

As they rounded the corner into the main room of the salon, the conversation abruptly ceased. All the eyes in the room fell upon Cordelia and her companion.

"Good evening, ladies," Cordelia said. She widened her smile more than usual and met each of the ladies' gazes in turn. "I have the most wonderful thing to show you." Her exuberance surprised even her. "This gown! Have you ever seen anything like it?"

The girl who stood beside her stared at her with a look of absolute horror. A surge of concern shot through Cordelia, and she rushed to correct the girl's assumption. "This is a gown straight out of the most recent designs in Madame Lanchester's fashion plates! I've seen only one like it since I returned from Paris. I cannot believe my good fortune to see another." A collective gasp seemed to suck the breathable air from the room.

Naturally they would believe her. It was common knowledge Cordelia had served a dressmaker in Paris to fulfill her indentured contract. If anyone would know about fashion straight from France, it would be she. The fact that everything she said was true was immaterial. They would believe her regardless.

Stepping back, Cordelia made room for the other ladies to swarm the poor girl, all talking at once, asking her about her dress and how she came into possession of such a marvelous treasure. Through the crush, she caught sight of the large brown eyes once more, glowing with thanks but thoroughly overwhelmed by the sudden attention.

"If you will excuse us, ladies," Cordelia interrupted, casually stepping back into the fray. "I believe Lord Maddox will be upset with me if I fail to introduce him to this lady this evening. He does love new fashions." Taking the girl's hand once more, she rescued her for the second time, and led her back through the salon to the ballroom in search of Lord Maddox.

As they stepped out into the great hall, Cordelia caught Maddox's eye and gestured for him to join them. "Thank you," the girl's soft voice offered.

"Think nothing of it, dear girl. Lord Maddox does indeed love new fashion." Her preference for not drawing attention to herself surged back to the surface, and Cordelia drew a deep breath, feeling her legs grow weak with the realization of her performance in front of the gossiping debutantes. Her eyes scanned the room for the perfect place to which she could beat a hasty retreat.

"Good evening, Lady Cordelia," came the viscount's rich voice. "And who is this vision?" He gestured towards the debutante waiting beside her.

"My lord, this is..." she paused, suddenly realizing she had not asked the girl her name. She glanced to her companion for help.

"Cristina," she whispered.

"May I present Lady Cristina, my lord?"

"Lady Cristina." Maddox smiled and bowed, hovering above the girl's hand with a light kiss. When he rose he asked, "Care to dance, my lady?"

Cristina's brown eyes lit with joy, and Cordelia gazed after them for a moment as they sauntered onto the dance floor. Then she looked once again for shelter from the marauding eyes, hoping for a few moments to herself.

The gaggle of debutantes in the ladies' salon had returned to the ballroom, and with secret pleasure, Cordelia recognized their envious glances glowering after Lady Cristina as she danced with the desirable Lord Maddox.

There was not a free corner in the room. No haven of any sort to be had in the great hall. And as luck would have it, Sir Bryan was scouring the room for her once more. She knew Hawthorne had told her never to chance it, but the balcony grew more and more inviting with each step nearer the aromatic would-be suitor took.

And then the waltz began playing again.

Chapter Seven

The Rumor

Ambrose had done his best to ignore Cordelia, subsequently ignoring his growing feelings about her all together. Yet he saved every waltz for her. His gaze quickly found the lady, as it so often did. It seemed his body, his eyes, ... everything in him was fine-tuned to pick up her laugh or her presence without him knowing it.

As he slowly made his way to where she stood with her back facing him, he heard whispers of how she had single-handedly saved a young debutante. It seemed the closer he got, the more split the room was. Several other debutantes, the wallflowers, thought Cordelia to be the sweetest lady to grace the ton in years. Others, though their respect for Cordelia was still intact, thought she should have stayed out of the ordeal altogether.

Then he glimpsed the girl in question dancing with his brother, a gleeful smile on her face. Immediately he realized what side he was on, for Cordelia saved the girl from the vicious tales that would have ruined the girl's first Season. Her dress wasn't of the same fashion the other ladies wore, but her face was beautiful, especially when paired with the smile she now wore.

Cordelia had stepped outside of her insecurity. She sacrificed herself in order to appease another young girl. It was a rare thing to behold in his social circle, and he found the feelings he had carefully pushed aside flared to life all at once, nearly choking him as he reached her side.

"I believe this dance is mine," he whispered behind her.

She turned and flashed a smile. "But, my lord, you haven't written your name on my card."

"I didn't think I had to, considering it is our dance. Shall we?"

Blushing, she curtsied and took his proffered arm. He could hear the fluttering of tongues and fans as he escorted the lady to the middle of the dance floor. With a brooding expression he silently wondered if the chatter about them was good or bad.

As he took her hand in his and looked into her eyes, he realized for once in his life, and for once since the bet, he couldn't care less what people were saying. All he wanted was to hold the girl who had managed to creep inside his heart, and he hoped the dance would never end.

Ambrose pulled her closer than usual, relishing the feel of her satin gown on his gloved hands, closing his eyes as if to memorize the scent of her skin and the way her body curved in his outstretched hand.

"Ambrose?" she whispered. "I believe we are causing a stir."

"Whatever do you mean?" He opened his eyes and noticed his brother talking with several women, their eyes ablaze and horror-stricken. Was he really holding the girl that close? Devil take it! He loved the girl. It shouldn't matter.

Ambrose froze. Did it count that he said he loved her in his head rather than out loud? He hoped not, because it was a mistake-a terrible mistake. Men didn't fall all over themselves after only a few weeks. Did they?

Cordelia sighed, and he found himself holding his breath. Did she think about the kiss? All evidence pointed to her forgetting about it completely, which quite bothered him. Was it not her first kiss? The thought that it hadn't been flashed through his mind, causing him to hold her arm tighter. If any other gentleman touched her, he would kill him.

Ambrose swallowed and pursed his lips, trying to think of something witty to say to get the girl to confess her thoughts aloud. Unfortunately, nothing came to mind save to ask the girl outright if she enjoyed the kiss. What was happening to him? Was it possible the girl had broken down so much of his defenses that he no longer knew how to flirt or manipulate a woman's affections?

"Cordelia," he blurted her name then inwardly cursed, for now he needed to finish his thought.

Her eyes met his. "Ambrose?"

His gaze fell to her full lips, which she delicately nibbled on in thought.

"I..." He couldn't tear his eyes away.

"You...?" She prompted, squinting towards him.

"The kiss." His voice was hoarse. "Do you think of it?"

Cordelia's gaze darted away without answering the question. He felt like a fool until she leaned in and whispered so lightly he almost missed it, "Every day."

The intense need to kiss her again washed over him as the dance ended, and he noticed her blushing again. Bet or no bet, it mattered not. The importance of showing her how he felt was at the forefront of his mind.

"Shall we take some fresh air?" he managed to choke out as he led her in the direction of the balcony. She flashed him a knowing smile and nodded her head.

"I believe this is my dance, Lady Cordelia." A young man interrupted their escape plans with stars in his eyes for the lady. Ambrose knew it would cause more whispering if he didn't allow the man to dance with her. He stepped aside and nodded, then whispered in Cordelia's ear for her to join him on the balcony as soon as the dance was finished.

Ambrose made his way to Anthony. The last thing he desired was to watch Cordelia dance in another man's arms. He winced from the pain of the image, then located Anthony and Wilde and joined them.

"Is it true then?" A man in the group asked.

"What am I missing?" Ambrose asked, looking at his twin brother. Something had transpired. He wasn't sure what it was, but a sickening feeling told him it had to be something important, for the look on Wilde's face was absolute horror.

"Are you her protector then?" the man continued.

"Who are you?" by the tone of his voice, Ambrose made it clear that he didn't care to even know the individual.

"You didn't answer my question. You see, I'm looking for a new mistress, and I was wondering if you planned on keeping yours." His smug grin made Ambrose want to stab him where he stood.

"Mine? Obtuse idiot, I don't have a mistress!"

Anthony choked. Wilde appeared ready to lose his dinner, and the rest of the men looked curious.

"Of course you do. Weren't you just dancing with her?"

Ambrose looked to Anthony for help, but his twin brother was now staring at the ceiling as if a silly painting were on display.

"You are mistaken, sir." Ambrose kept his voice curt, his answer polite, though he wanted nothing more than to pummel the man with his bare fists.

"I heard it from a reliable source, Hawthorne. It's common knowledge. Lady Cordelia appears to be your mistress. It makes perfect sense. I mean no ill will towards the chit, but her reputation isn't quite shining. I can imagine at least a hundred young women who would be a better fit for a titled lord. As an indentured servant, you can be sure she was no stranger to a man's attention. So, I ask again. Is she under your protection, or is she in need of a protector?"

His pulse thudded against his ears as Ambrose grew dizzy with rage. He drew a slow, steady breath and blew it through pursed lips, forcing his balled fists to remain at his sides. Mustering all the self-control he possessed, he muttered, "You are mistaken. Lady Cordelia is in no need of a protector. Not now, not ever. Assume what you must, but stay away from the lady."

Cursing, Ambrose spun on his heel and left the group of idiots in his wake, making his way to the balcony, ignoring the whispers of those around him. It seemed his good intentions turned out to be nothing more than one more thing for the ton to trod on. Well, it would end here and now. Not good enough? She was already more than all of the women in his acquaintance put together!

Irritated, he made his way to the balcony and noticed Cordelia already waiting for him. He released the breath he had been holding and reached out to touch her arm.

She whipped around so quickly he stumbled backwards.

"Is it true?" she asked, tears streaming down her soft face.

"Pardon?" It was truly a night from Hell.

She hiccupped and wiped a tear from her eye. "Is it true? Are you only paying me attention for your own personal gain?"

"Of course not!" Feeling fierce and out of control he grabbed her shoulders and pulled her body into his. "You know me better than to be that type of man. I care for you deeply. I would never harm you in that way, Cordelia," he added. She lifted her face to his, and he forgot the eloquent speech he was about to make on her behalf.

"Cordelia, I-" He reached for her, wiping more stray tears from her cheeks, and then his lips followed. Her cheeks tasted of salt and rosewater. Losing his already unstable control, he drank her in-all of her.

She stopped the kiss, gently pushing against his chest. "So none of it is true then?"

"Cordelia, I think you would know if you were my mistress. In fact, I guarantee you would know, and you wouldn't be as scandalized as you look right now. Though perhaps a bit more satisfied."

She blushed and pushed at him. "I've been the object of many conversations tonight, but being your mistress was one piece of gossip I wasn't made privy to. Though I am relieved to know you don't wish to proposition me. That wasn't what I was referring to."

Ambrose pulled her into his arms again and kissed her, murmuring against her lips, "Then what has you so put out? For I won't have you crying in my arms unless it's from joy, my dear."

She sighed, nestled against his chest. "The bet. I was told you made a bet and that if I became the toast of the ton you would win."

He froze, unable to speak, move, or do anything except continue to hold her and try to think of a way he could either lie or distract her from the truth.

"Let's not talk about gossip," he finally said as he lifted her chin to kiss her again.

This time she pulled back, pain glistening in her eyes. "Tell me it's not true, Ambrose."

He cursed, and looked away. "Cordelia, it isn't important anymore. I care for you-you must see that!"

"You care for me?" she echoed in a tiny voice.

"Of course I do; you know I do."

"Then tell me the truth."

She had him there. "I was a fool! I wanted to help you, to pull you away from the wall. Anthony and I-"

"Anthony was in on it too?"

"Don't forget Wilde as well, brother," Anthony said as he joined them on the terrace.

"Helpful," Ambrose muttered under his breath. "Cordelia, as I said, what's done is done, but it is of no importance anymore."

"Oh?" She lifted an angry brow. "Pray tell me why it isn't important that you've lied to me for over three weeks. I'm in such suspense!"

"It's difficult when you look so angry! Nothing else matters now. As I said before, I care for you! I, I...." Why couldn't he say love?

"You what, Ambrose?" Her eyes looked hopeful.

"I... It wasn't just a bet. It isn't just a bet anymore. This is about us, can't you see? It's more than a silly bet."

"A silly bet? Can I assume you're labeling me as the silly part of this bet? Silly that I would be such an easy target? Naive because of my family? Or just plain stupid because I fell for it so readily? For what other reason would a titled lord pay any mind to me? Or bother to kiss me senseless?" Tear sprang into her eyes. "You say you care for me-you really were going to ask me to be your mistress!"

It had crossed his mind, but this was not the time to say it out loud. Furthermore, as soon as the idea had cropped up, he pushed it immediately out of his mind and realized she deserved more than that. He opened his mouth to speak.

"Don't, Ambrose, just... leave."

He didn't move.

"Fine, I'll leave. Good evening to you both."

She pushed past Ambrose and Anthony.

When Ambrose looked up, it was just in time to greet his brother's fist. Expletives flew out of his mouth as he sailed to the hard ground. "What was that for?"

"You idiot. You fool!" Anthony yelled. "Could you have handled that any worse?"

"Could you have helped me handle that?" Ambrose shot back.

"I cannot believe you! You kiss her senseless, dance every waltz with her. Half the ton thinks you're to be engaged, and the other half thinks she's already your fiancee and here you are on the ground because you can't very well defend her honor and pride? Is I love you really too difficult coming from your mouth?"

Ambrose scowled. "In my defense-"

"You have no defense! You're a coward! The girl is going to be ruined; I hope you realize that! You'd be an idiot not to know that the sudden drop in attention from you will destroy anything she's accomplished."

"None of this is my fault!" Ambrose defended.

"Not your fault? Not your fault?" Anthony cursed. "She loves you! You love her! When such things happen, you apologize and propose!"

Ambrose didn't have an answer to that. Instead, he held out his hand for his brother to help him up. But his twin made no move to take it. Instead he offered an icy glare.

"Name your seconds," Anthony muttered.

Ambrose froze. "You can't be serious. Are you challenging me to a duel?"

"I am."

"Over a bet?"

Anthony ran his fingers through his hair. "If you think this is over an asinine bet, then you are beyond help, and I hope the bullet gives you a quick death, brother."

"Where are you going?" Ambrose struggled to his feet.

His brother paused in the doorway. "If you aren't man enough to fix this, then I shall do it. I will clean up your mess and propose to Cordelia myself. I won't have her ruined because of your failures. Name your seconds, Ambrose." Anthony stormed from the balcony, leaving Ambrose alone to nurse his bloody lip and wonder what the devil had just happened.

Chapter Eight

The Aftermath

The absolute arrogance. She didn't need his help, but even as she told herself that, she scoured the room for the closest indoor plant to hide behind. What was wrong with these people? Why did they have no plants?

The impending tears stung her eyes, and she knew she had only seconds before someone noticed her puffy eyes and scarlet nose. The telltale signs of her broken heart and injured female dignity.

She swallowed back the rising knot in her throat and glanced towards her aunt sitting amongst the matrons. The woman was busy gossiping with her circle. She would not want to leave.

The murky despondence that enveloped her with Ambrose's rejection had to be set aside. In her mind, Cordelia would have to envision her future without him, force herself to accept the truth and move on. Though the pain stole her breath and burned like a twisting knife in her stomach.

Cordelia bit back a curse. When it really came down to it, she was all alone in this world. Her aunt and uncle were her sponsors, but they had no genuine concern for her situation. The three men who she felt most comfortable to confide in had been toying with her. She was an object to them. The spoils of a bet and that was where it left her. Their bet. Her spoil.

Here she was, right back where she started. In the corner and hiding from the devouring eyes of the ton. Nothing gained but perhaps a bit wiser for the wear.

An excellent reason to be more careful in the future.

Though after this, she feared her only future was that of an old spinster maiden.

Or worse. Sir Bryan.

God have mercy, he spotted her.

A frantic search revealed no quick escape. She would have to speak with the man. In all fairness, he was a kind gentleman. It's just that she couldn't breathe when he was near. Swallowing her sensibilities, Cordelia drew a deep breath and awaited his arrival.

"Lady Cordelia, I have been trying to gain an audience with you all evening." He stepped into the crowd beside her. "You have been highly sought after all night. Have you any space on your card for me?" His warm smile brought her an odd mixture of guilt and comfort. It might not be so bad. She could pray her married life would be blessed with a perpetual head cold.

With a sigh, she lifted her card and scanned it. Anthony's name was scrawled across the next line. Certainly he wouldn't be claiming his right after what had just transpired. And if he did have the gall to ask for it, she had no intention of giving him the pleasure of humiliating her further.

"As it happens, Sir Bryan, I do." She returned his smile and took his offered arm, following him onto the dance floor. She would have to get used to his close proximity if they were to spend the rest of their lives together. May as well learn to breathe the fetid odor now.

"I have been hoping to speak with you," Sir Bryan whispered as they took their place in the dance, "concerning the lady, Cristina."

Cordelia's heart stopped beating for an instant then seemed to drop into the pit of her stomach. Her shock must have registered on her face, because her partner tilted his head in bewilderment. Then muttered on. He spoke of nonsensical things like love and destiny and his chances. Cordelia felt dizzy. A rushing sound filled her head, drowning out what he was saying. She had but one lucid thought: Even Sir Bryan is toying with me.

Then she mourned the loss of her last shred of romantic notion. No knight in shining armor would be coming for her. Not Sir Lancelot, not Sir Bryan and certainly not Ambrose.

Again the tears threatened to expose her vulnerability, and she fought them. Sir Bryan was a kind gentleman, but her tears were not for him. Suppressing the torrent of emotion, she smiled and nodded at all the appropriate places in Sir Bryan's confession of his intentions towards Lady Cristina.

"It did make things more difficult, however," he explained, "when you brought her to the attention of the other gentlemen, my lady." His tone was confusing. Was he irritated with her?

"Pardon, my lord?"

"Surely you knew what you were doing. You have a great pull in this circle, my lady. One nod from you and all the gentlemen surge forward to stake claims on your approval." He glowered at her as if she had done him some irreparable harm.

"I apologize, Sir Bryan. I had no idea. I sought only to help Lady Cristina. She was crying. They were ripping her to shreds." How was she to know a small kindness would cause such damage?

He seemed to relax. "No matter now. I shall simply have to work quickly." His gaze traveled to the outskirts of the room, likely searching for his one true love. The tap on his shoulder startled them both.

"Excuse me, Sir Bryan." It was Anthony. Indignation rose like bile in Cordelia's throat. "I believe I had spoken for this dance."

Cordelia stiffened, hoping Sir Bryan wouldn't give up without a fight. She could see from his demeanor that he was far more absorbed in thoughts of finding Cristina, for he smiled and excused himself, begging forgiveness for the infringement.

Of all the stupid, despicable, rancid-smelling-

"I need some air." Anthony grasped her hand in his and pulled her along with him towards the side doors, interrupting her thought.

Once outside, Cordelia tried to wriggle her hand free of his grip to no avail. Since she had no desire to cause a scene, she gave up on the effort and tried another approach.

"My lord," she whispered through clenched teeth as he dragged her hastily down the path into the garden below the balcony. "Might we slow down? My gown... it makes such swift movement... difficult," she gasped.

Anthony stopped short, sending Cordelia careening forward, tripping over her skirts. His firm grasp kept her from falling and he jerked her backwards to break the inevitable fall, but it threw her off balance again and she crashed into him, knocking Anthony to the ground. He naturally, pulled her down with him.

That was it. The last straw. Cordelia pushed herself to a sitting position and allowed the pent up tears to fall, hiding her face in her hands. She hated to cry, hated the absolute helplessness of it, but the night had been the most wretched of her life, and that warranted a few sobs.

"Oh, Cordelia." Anthony pulled up beside her and rested his hand on her shoulder. "I'm so sorry. About everything. I know it has been a miserable night." He lifted his handkerchief to her. "Are you injured? From the fall?"

She shook her head, unable to speak without crying.

Anthony stood and offered his hand to lift her to her feet, but once she was standing, his grasp tightened.

Cordelia looked at him through blurry eyes and cocked an eyebrow in suspicion. "Anthony, why are we out here?" she asked with a sniffle, dabbing the handkerchief at her eyes.

"I want to-that is, I believe it would be best-" He exhaled in resignation. "Oh, curse it, Cordelia, I would like to offer for your hand."

She could feel her eyes widen in surprise and her gaze shot abruptly to his face, scrutinizing him for the joke that was certain to accompany the proposal. That was a proposal. Wasn't it? From Anthony. Arrogant, egotistical and never serious Anthony. That had to be it. It was a joke. At a time like this?

Pulling her hand free from his hold, she swatted at him and laughed through another sob.

"That isn't funny, Anthony."

He wasn't laughing. He wasn't even smiling. "I'm serious, Cordelia. But thank you, for the boon to my confidence."

She sucked in her breath and with it all her mirth. "Oh, Anthony, I'm sorry."

"Cordelia, I don't want to see you suffer because of my brother's cowardice. I have always admired you..."

"You certainly know how to take a girl's breath away." A pity proposal. Perfect.

An exasperated groan escaped his throat, and he raked his fingers through his hair to emphasize obvious frustration. He began pacing back and forth with long strides. "I know I'm not saying it just right." Abruptly, he stopped pacing and faced her, putting his hands on her shoulders. "Would it be so bad?"

Well, let's see. A lifetime spent looking at the mirror image of the man she truly loved. Bad? No. It sounded more like the seventh circle of Hell.

"Anthony," she peered up at him. "I do adore you. You always make me laugh, and I can be myself around you... but I don't think I could. I mean, you look... you would-"

"Remind you of him?"

With a sigh, she nodded.

"Hmmm... I'd wager a kiss from me would change your mind." He winked and a hint of mischief twinkled in his eyes. "You know I am the better of the two of us... at many things."

Her eyes widened as his words sunk in. She swatted at him again with her reticule. "Anthony! Really." The heat crawled up her neck and into her face, spreading to her ears.

"Now that was a jest... sort of." His wide grin remained as he took her hand once more. "My proposal stands, my lady. Please. Consider it."

She would have to consider it. She had no other choice.

As he bowed over her hand to brush a light kiss on her gloved fingers, he added, "Even as simply an alternative to perpetual virginity."

An involuntary blast of laughter forced its way through her throat, and when she tried to fight it, the result was a resounding snort. Which in turn, set them both to laughing. Cordelia fell against Anthony's chest in hysterics. He wrapped his arms around her and shared in her amusement.

That is where they stood when Ambrose's deep voice broke through, obliterating their momentary delight.

"I see you didn't waste any time."

Cordelia jolted and stepped away from Anthony. Ambrose's eyes appeared to be on fire. His jaw clenched, and his fists tensed at his sides. He lifted his right hand and extended his finger towards his brother. Through his gritted teeth, Ambrose hissed, "Pistols. Tomorrow." Then he spun on his heel and stormed into the darkness.

Chapter Nine

And now back to

The Duel...

"Do your worst?" Anthony repeated. Ambrose was drunk enough to realize he wasn't quite sure on his feet. He leaned heavily on Wilde as he managed to look his brother straight in the eye.

"I believe that's what I said, is it not Wilde?" He leaned against his friend who acted as his crutch.

"Right," Wilde agreed, shaking his head towards the floor.

"Ah, yes. It's settled. Shall we be off then? To the duel?" Ambrose lifted his arm in the air and took a shaky step but tripped over his feet, nearly landing him on the next table. "Apologies. It seems I've had too much to drink."

"You can't be serious. You cannot do this-look at him!" Wilde gave Ambrose a small shove, causing the lush to stumble again.

Anthony shrugged. "The way I see it, he won't even feel the bullet as it tears through his drunken body."

Wilde swore. "Both of you are completely mad, and I refuse to have any part of this! You started the bet, Anthony, so finish it, preferably without killing your other half."

Ambrose took the opportunity at hand to nod his head in agreement, as it was suddenly throbbing. The profound idea he had the night before of numbing the pain through strong drink now seemed the stupidest notion he had ever entertained. Well, that and refusing to tell Cordelia how he felt.

Unfortunately, Ambrose knew himself to be the type of drunk that blurted out his feelings. He wasn't, to his dismay, the type of man who became aggressive and fine-tuned in battle when so deep in his cups. No, instead he felt the sudden urge to march down to Cordelia's townhome and propose marriage whilst singing love songs on her doorstep and quoting Byron.

"I love her," he blurted, though his words slurred and his tongue felt thick and sluggish. "And because of that love I'll defend her honor. It will be a cold day in Hell before I allow my brother to marry the one woman I can't live without!"

"Poetic," Anthony grumbled.

"He's foxed," Wilde argued.

"It was quite a nice speech for being so drunk," the proprietor chimed in. It was then that Ambrose noticed every man in the room was privy to their conversation.

"Shall we?" He motioned towards the door, partially because he needed their aid in order to escape without falling on his face.

Anthony cursed and helped Wilde carry him out. Ambrose's legs felt like lead, and by the time they reached the doors to the outside his head felt like it might roll right off his shoulders. Morning sunlight broke through the door as Wilde pushed it open.

Ambrose cursed, wanting nothing more than to shake his fist at the sky and pray for darkness. His headache went from bad to worse as they traveled to his townhome.

Three hours later, he was feeling much more sober thanks to Wilde's special concoction, which had Ambrose never wanting to see another tomato again.

"I believe he's ready," Wilde announced, pouncing into his bedroom and opening the curtains.

"I despise you." Ambrose threw the blankets over his head.

"I saved your good-for-nothing life!" Wilde yelled.

Anthony strolled in. "So, is the drunk alive?"

"Barely," Ambrose groaned. His brain slowly came into focus-the drinking all night, the finally wanting his fate to be sealed with his brother ending his life, and his misery of losing Cordelia.

"Cordelia," he said. "I have to see her."

"That's the spirit." Anthony laughed. "Shall I ring for your valet?"

"Brilliant. But perhaps you can ring outside the door."

It was exactly four hours, thirty minutes, and twenty-eight seconds later that Ambrose found himself on the front steps of Cordelia's townhome.

His palms hadn't sweated this much since his first kiss with the servant girl on his family estates. He was one and four at that time, and his voice squeaked when the kiss ended.

"Bloody, bloody, hel-lo!" he finished, saving himself from cursing in front of the butler, who was now staring him down with an impassive eye.

"Lord Hawthorne to see Lady Cordelia." He handed over his card and waited. The butler allowed him entry. His mouth went dry as his brain ran over all the possible things that could go horribly wrong.

Suffice it to say, he was not at all confident when Cordelia strolled into the room with a grip on her dress like a vice. He wondered if she envisioned strangling him like she was her dress.

"Cordelia." It felt good to say her name, but stringing words into complete sentences didn't seem possible at the moment. He could do nothing but stare, allowing his gaze to fully appreciate the woman in front of him.

"My lord. You aren't dead." Was it him, or did she sound disappointed?

"Are you terribly upset that I still live and breathe?"

Cordelia looked away, her lower lip quivering. "That's a horrid thing to say, and you know it."

"It seems I've been saying lots of horrid things lately."

She swallowed, still looking away. Her silence hung on him like a millstone around his neck, and he struggled to continue. "I came to speak with you about something of great importance."

"Oh?" Cordelia looked at him. "And what is that, Ambrose?"

He sighed. "There is the matter of my heart."

Cordelia looked away again. "Well?"

Apparently she wanted him to get on with it. "You see. My heart, it seems, is lost."

"I'm sure you can locate it if you search hard enough, my lord."

Ouch.

"Therein lies the problem, Cordelia. One cannot go in search of something one never truly had in the first place." He knelt in front of her and took a delicate hand into his possession. "I believe you can help me. You were the first to hold it, as well as the last. However, I am not here to retrieve it, but to offer you a humble apology for being so careless with yours."

"Mine?" her voice shook. Her gaze captured his.

"Yes. You see, I practically threw my heart at you, asking-nay, begging for yours in return, and when you gave me your most precious possession, I spurned it at the first opportunity. And for that I will always be sorry. So I ask you keep my heart for the pain I've caused yours. I love you, Cordelia. I wish that were enough to keep you, but I see you for the woman you are. A woman who deserves a man who will nurture and provide for her, who will protect her when people slander her, a man who will-"

"Oh, stop already!" Cordelia pulled Ambrose to his feet and before he could protest, kissed him full on the mouth. "I love you... I love you." She kissed his lips and neck, and Ambrose found he wasn't quite in the mood to control himself either. And considering he had such a close brush with death earlier in the day, it wasn't quite fair to point fingers. Frankly, his sluggish mind conjured up the idea that he was still somewhat foxed.

Never one to turn down an opportunity, he picked her up in his arms and laid her across the couch, covering her body with his own. Drinking in the taste of the woman he didn't think would ever forgive him for his stupidity.

"We will be discovered," Cordelia said between kisses and sighs.

"Oh, I hope so." He bit her lower lip and opened her mouth, tangling his tongue with hers.

"Heavens!" Lady Trowbridge gasped at the spectacle in front of her. Ambrose could only smile smugly as Cordelia blushed to the roots of her hair.

"Yes," Ambrose helped himself off the girl he was accosting and nodded. "We shall be married immediately."

Lady Trowbridge opened her mouth to speak, but before anything was uttered, her eyes rolled back, and she hit the floor. Ambrose did have half a mind to catch her but was too stunned and amused, and as he realized earlier, still somewhat drunk.

"Will you?" he whispered, kissing Cordelia's cheek.

"It appears I have no choice." She giggled.

Ambrose grinned. "Yes, well, compromising you was plan B, just so you know. I'm not as heroic as I seem."

"And plan C?" she asked.

"Kidnap you, of course, and if that didn't work, I had half a mind to paint my body green in hopes that you'd think me a potted plant and stand next to me at the upcoming ball this night."

"Ambrose!" She laughed. "Then I would have been your wallflower!"

"You still are...my wallflower. Nobody else's." His hungry gaze fell to her lips again. Both of them forgetting that someone lay unconscious on the floor.

"I do love foliage." She breathed against his neck.

"Care to show me what else you love, Cordelia?" He led her back into the room and shut the door, this time locking it against intruders.

Epilogue

History Repeats Itself

"Dance with her!" Cordelia ordered her brother-in-law, poking him square in the chest with her gloved hand.

"Cordelia, you're making a scene!" Anthony cursed and then blushed a beautiful shade of red all the way down his neck.

"I swore I would revere the day I saw my brother blush!" Ambrose applauded his wife. "Well done, my dear. Anthony looks quite put out."

"I assure you, I am fine." Anthony cleared his throat.

Just then Wilde approached the group. "Has he gotten the nerve yet, or are we still pressuring him to approach her?"

"Still pressuring," Ambrose and Cordelia answered in unison. Ambrose gave his wife a wink and pulled her as close as he could without causing scandal.

As he watched Anthony look towards the girl again, a plan formed in his mind. "Say, Anthony?"

"What?" His eyes still trained on the girl by the plants.

"Would you agree that every Season, you are approached by several women for little dalliances?"

"Yes."

"Would you also agree that you're one of the most sought after bachelors in the ton?"

Wilde cursed. "I'll answer that for you. Just this morning in the park a girl cried when he picked up her fallen hat."

"Perfect." Ambrose smiled. "Do you believe you could make any woman fall in love with you then, Anthony? Or have you lost your touch?"

"Not that it matters, but yes I do believe that." Anthony smoothed out his jacket.

"Any girl?"

"To be certain." Anthony still wasn't paying much attention, but the rest of the group had caught on, including Wilde who appeared to be mumbling a prayer heavenward.

"And you're willing to wager you could accomplish this in say... four weeks?"

"Yes." Anthony nodded his attention back on the girl. Ah, his twin's issue with agreeing without listening made this almost too easy.

"Shake my hand, Anthony," Ambrose ordered.

Anthony reached out and shook his hand. Then froze. "Blast."

Ambrose grinned. "What was that?"

"Did I just agree to a bet?"

"Yes, and guess who I'm choosing."

Anthony closed his eyes. "I don't want to guess. I want to go back in time and slap myself before I accepted the terms."

"Not possible. Do you see that girl over there? The one you've been salivating over for the past ten minutes while you handed over your life to me on a silver platter?"

Anthony cursed in response.

"You haven't called me that in ages!" Ambrose slapped his back. "Her. You must make her fall in love with you in four weeks' time. Good luck!"

"Why do I feel like this is going to go terribly wrong?" Wilde muttered.

"Or," Cordelia kissed Ambrose on the cheek. "It could go terribly right."

"Yes... yes, it could." Ambrose leaned down and kissed his wife full on the mouth. "After all, it's just a bet."

Cordelia slapped him with her reticule and giggled. "Who knows where it will lead?"

"Probably somewhere near the potted plants." He pointed as the girl in question tried to hide behind the large plant, failing miserably.

"Saving wallflowers everywhere?" Cordelia quirked her brow.

"One plant at a time, my love."

