Prologue

Evelyn De Jarlias sighed as the sun set over the horizon. Two more days until her twenty-first birthday and what did she have to show for it? Looking down at her hands only made the thought more depressing. Dirt caked around the insides of her nails. After a long, hard day working on the farm, all she needed was another reminder that there were no available gentlemen in the area, and even if there were-hers would not be the first door they would beat down.

She walked to the edge of the pond and let the pins out of her hair. The thick, cornflower-white tendrils hung down to the middle of her back-it was her crowning glory. Not that her face was ugly by any means. It was just extremely tanned, showing everyone within a safe distance she was middle class.

Growing up, she had always dreamed of a bigger future. A glamorous future with beautiful dresses and dancing. Lots and lots of dancing.

Her reality stared back at her through the reflection in the water. A working girl covered in dirt, no money in her pockets, no prospects, and certainly no future.

"Evelyn! Evelyn!" The sound of her father's voice shook the melancholy from her. Stuart De Jarlias was a hard-working man. Never once putting himself before anyone else. Always trying to make her life better than it was. For that she loved him and was grateful for his love, especially since it was just the two of them. Her mother had died while she was still quite young, leaving them with a giant hole in the family which would and could never be filled.

"Yes, Daddy?" The question hung in the air.

"Evelyn!" He yelled even louder. His head finally showed over the little hill he came from. "Evelyn!" His face was covered in a mixture of dirt and water, caking mud in the wrinkles around his eyes. Oh Lord, what had happened? Had the moonshine exploded? Was he okay? He stumbled towards her; were those tears in his eyes?

"Daddy!" She ran to him, tripping over her skirts as she finally reached him. Scrambling, she pulled his face into a closer view and panicked. "What's wrong, Daddy? Are you hurt?"

Then her father did the most ridiculous thing imaginable. He laughed.

And laughed.

And laughed until she thought he stopped breathing.

"Daddy!" She stomped her foot. "Stop that right now! What's wrong with you?"

"We're rich, Babydoll. We're saved!" Babydoll was her daddy's nickname for her. He also called her Sugar and Cupcake, but Babydoll was her favorite. It took her back to the time when her mama was alive. When things were simpler and happier. Frustrated, she closed her eyes and tried a new tactic.

"I don't understand, Daddy. Have you been drinking your own moonshine again?"

He shook his head, tears still streaming down his grimy black face. "No, Babydoll. No moonshine! We're rich! A British lord has offered to buy all of our acreage! And for fifty times what we purchased it for!"

That day Evelyn's life changed forever.

Chapter One

Royce McArthur swore as another glass of champagne went flying by his face. "What was that for?" he yelled, just as the glass shattered into a million tiny pieces next to his polished boot.

"Stop pretending that you don't know!" Sheila screamed, picking up another glass.

"I can explain!" He started looking for exits.

"Explain?" she wailed, closing her eyes. "Explain this!" A piece of cutlery nearly nicked him in the shin as it whizzed past him and stuck in the nearby wall.

This was not going well. It was impossible to know just what she was so upset about. One minute he had been having a nice drink of whiskey with his brothers, and then next thing he knew, glassware was flying dangerously close to his face at alarming speeds.

Women.

Can't live with them, and in his current state, he definitely wanted to live without them. What good were they anyway? It wasn't as if he was in dire need to marry anytime soon, which was why he took his pleasures wherever he could find them. Sheila was the last choice he had made in that department, albeit a poor one. Yes, if he had thought about his actions, he might have foreseen this happening. She was prone to jealousy more than his other mistresses had been. Hence the need for violence.

He racked his brain, trying to think of some way to calm her down. What could she possibly be so upset about?

And then, as another plate darted past his head, it hit him. The thought, not the plate.

She knew about Constance, his ex-mistress who had just returned from Boston. The mistress he had spent the night with after canceling on Sheila. The same mistress.

"Perfect," he huffed as another woman barged into the room.

"Ah, Constance, lovely to see you." He tried to approach her, but stopped when he noted the madness igniting Sheila's face.

The same look rabid dogs wore before eating their young.

Probably safer to stay put.

Crouching in the corner as another plate shattered in the distance, he considered his options.

Two insanely angry and jealous women were waiting for him to come out of hiding to either castrate him or kill him. The second option seemed the better of the two, so he made his decision. Slowly rising, he approached both ladies with his hands up in surrender. Unfortunately, they took his advance as an act of attack and began shouting over one another. The last word he heard from Sheila's mouth was tramp, and then Constance grabbed a handful of Sheila's hair and began tugging with all her might.

"That's my exit," he whispered under his breath and motioned for his two brothers to follow him out. He should have left them there and fed them to the wolves, also known as Constance and Sheila, but it would have ended in bloodshed and he happened to like his brothers. Most days.

"Likely the most action I'll see for years," John lamented as they stepped out into the busy street.

"John, that's probably the most action you've seen since birth," Ronald joked, nudging him between the ribs.

Royce tried to ignore them both and made his way back toward the mansion. They currently resided in one of the plushest areas of New York known to Americans living on the East Coast.

Society smiled upon the McArthur boys for no other reason than they were handsome and rich. There were worse things in life.

Royce had just never faced any of them before.

He was spoiled.

But he only admitted it out loud when he was drunk.

He took the steps two at a time as he approached the beautiful mansion, only to find his mother already outside waiting for him. Arms folded, lips pursed. Was it his lot in life to one day be killed off by a female?

Something to look forward to, he thought, pasting a giant grin on his face.

"Mother?"

"We need to talk." It was more of a command than anything. Keeping the lazy smile firmly in place, he followed her into his father's old study. Since his father's death, Royce had officially taken over the family business as well as the responsibility for his two brothers and his mother. Whatever she had to say to him, it more than likely had to do with him needing to grow up. Not that he felt the need to rush things. He was, after all, only twenty-five.

"Sit," she ordered, her hands trembling with nervousness as she straightened her dress.

He sat and looked at her through hooded eyes. Boots perfectly polished. Wavy black hair tucked behind his ears.

And waited.

"I'm only going to say this once, Royce."

"That's a relief," he joked.

"Royce Donald McArthur, this is serious!"

"Yes, Mother. I can tell by your smile."

"I am not smiling!" Her tiny voice reached a higher pitch, but even he noted that the corners of her mouth had turned, just slightly, revealing a grin.

"Aw, there it is!" He pointed.

"Royce!" She grinned and then closed her eyes. "I cannot even look at you. I look at you and lose my ability to think straight."

"Do you know I get that a lot? Usually from lady friends, though just last week an odd-looking gentleman paid me a similar compliment. Do please continue. I like to hear more of my attributes."

"Oh, Lord, what have I done to deserve such a vain son?" His mother clasped her hand over her forehead and fell into the chair beside him.

"Do you think he'll answer?"

"Who, dear?"

"God. Because if He does, can you please ask Him why He cursed me with this wretched ache in my back, because-"

He stopped talking, mainly because his mother did not appear amused, and he was wise enough to stop conversing when he had pushed her past her limits.

"That is sacrilege, you spoiled, spoiled boy."

"Thank you, I do try." He inspected his nails and patted her hand patronizingly. "Now, what is it you wish to discuss with me? The weather? Our money-we are extremely wealthy by the way, thanks to another new investment-or how about dresses? Would you like to go shopping, Mother? Is the decor in the house to your liking? Traveling, maybe? You should like to take a trip to London! Visit some of our cousins! Who are they again? Oh yes, the Duke of Tempest, good fellow. Heard he just got married. Brilliant match."

"Cease talking before I grab your father's pistol."

He stopped talking.

"My dear, I love you. You know I do, but you need to grow up."

He was a genius. He nodded his head in agreement but was more concerned with the idea of locking himself in the house for a few days to escape the wrath of the mistresses. Which is how he would now refer to them, considering they were in league against him.

"I love you too, Mother. How would you like me to prove my maturity?"

"I need grandchildren."

Royce nearly choked "Ask John."

"No."

Royce ran his hand through his thick hair. "Fine. Then ask Ronald."

"He's one and eight, Royce, and just yesterday he asked me how many continents were on the planet."

Royce shrugged, "Nobody ever accused him of being the smartest of the bunch. You've never mentioned this whole grandchild business before. Why is it important now?"

"I'm dying."

"From not having grandchildren?" Royce concluded.

"No, Royce!" This time her pain was real. "I'm dying every day. I'm getting older and older, and well, I know it's hard for you to understand, since you're so young, but I want to see my grandchildren before I pass. Time is precious. We saw just how precious when your father passed on."

Royce refused to talk about his father for that reason. He had wasted time, and now he was gone. It was the reason why Royce lived for every moment rather than carefully calculating every move. It was also why, from a business standpoint, he was so successful.

"When?" he asked, afraid of the answer. Perhaps it was time to settle down. Being chased by crazed women was hazardous to his health and growing tiresome. They had almost torn him limb from limb tonight. Yes, marriage was beginning to sound better every moment. One woman? How bad could it be? More than likely he would be given at least a year to settle down.

"Before the spring ends," his mother answered.

"As in..." He mentally calculated how many months he had, and then felt the room shrinking around him. "As in four months?"

His mother nodded. "Four months. Choose wisely, son. Marriage is forever."

With that his tiny mother lifted herself out of her chair and abruptly left him alone to suffocate in the tiny, hot room. He had to get married in four months. His mind spun frantically.

The two women he had been spending time with recently both wanted to kill him, and there were no prospects within hundreds of miles; had there been any, he would have courted them already. If he was to be married in four months, he needed to find a suitable girl. And fast.

****

Evelyn tried to calm the butterflies in her stomach. The months of training had led to this moment. The moment she would be presented to the richest and most powerful families in American society.

Her father had paid the best tutors for the past year, yet she still felt like she wasn't ready. You can't take the farm out of the girl. It wasn't possible, not when one's whole life revolved around said farm.

She still had her thick accent despite her etiquette teacher's efforts to beat it out of her, literally. Every time she said y'all she was smacked with a stick.

Needless to say, she had a lot of marks.

Crunching the silk dress between her fingers, she marched into the giant ballroom and gasped. It was everything she'd imagined! Her grin widened as she looked up and noticed the giant chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. Everyone was dancing splendidly. It was something out of her dreams. Everywhere she looked there were pretty dresses and laughing people.

It was her heaven.

Taking another steadying breath, she made her away across the room to the only other person she knew in attendance.

Her father.

"Aw, darlin', you are a sight!"

She twirled in front of him and tried to ignore the wells of tears pooling in his eyes. "Daddy, this is wonderful."

"I know, Babydoll. You just have yourself some fun."

She nodded and walked off. To where, she didn't know. It wasn't as if she knew a soul at the ball. The family had been quite reclusive since selling everything back home in Louisiana and moving to New York.

Her stomach rumbled, reminding her she had forgotten to eat again. It was hard to remember mealtimes when her days were filled with so much instruction. There was also the corset to worry about. It was so tight, she was afraid eating as much as a pea would cause a tear in the dratted thing.

Maybe if she just looked at the food she would feel better.

Evelyn glided to the table and gasped yet again.

It was glorious.

Meat dishes filled every inch of the table, making her mouth water. Oh, how she loved meat. Only as a tear escaped the side of her eye did she realize she was actually crying over food.

"I must say, this is a first," a deep voice interrupted from behind her.

Closing her eyes, she turned around.

"Doubtful that closing your eyes will make me disappear, though you're welcome to try," the voice drawled. A faint British accent could be heard in the words.

Her girlish curiosity got the better of her. She opened her eyes. And froze.

Staring back at her had to be the most wicked-looking man on God's green earth.

Dark chocolate eyes, wavy black hair, and deep-set dimples faced her.

Not one to swoon, she leaned on the nearest stand of flowers and prayed it wouldn't crash to the floor.

"I don't think we've been introduced," she said slowly, trying to dampen her Southern accent.

"I think I would have remembered," he replied, bringing her hand up to his lips. His eyes held wicked intent. Unfortunately, she was just the type of girl to let that cause butterflies rather than warning signals in her body.

He stared at her longer than necessary, causing her to feel uncomfortable. This man was obviously bad news. "Your name?" he prompted.

She searched her head for the right answer. Wasn't it improper to introduce herself? Wait, no, that was in London. In America you could say your name without a chaperone present, couldn't you? She opened her mouth to speak, and then she snapped it shut. There were too many rules! What if she guessed wrong?

He lifted an eyebrow in response, prodding her into action.

"Evelyn De Jarlias. And you are?" She scolded herself for being so forward.

"Whoever you want me to be," he crooned, drawing closer.

"Oh. So you're one of those." The words were out of her mouth before she had time to think. Oh well. She was probably already going to make a mess of things with this one anyway; may as well jump in with both feet.

"One of what?"

"A lady's man? A rake of the first order. You know, the man who wants to be whatever the lady says just so he can lift her skirts."

He had the good sense to blush.

"I'm not sure a lady of good breeding should talk about skirt-lifting."

"And I'm not sure a gentleman should acknowledge my shortcomings. And I'm not a lady. I mean, I'm a lady as in I'm a female... Oh, drat!" He was biting his lip to keep from laughing. "Never mind. Oh, I messed this up more than Betsy when she trampled all our hens last fall."

"Hens?"

"Birds," she said, slowly enough for him to understand.

Obviously he did because he looked quite put out.

"Yes, I know what a bird is, Miss De Jarlias, although I do appreciate any lessons having to do with the animal kingdom. Do you by any chance want to discuss mating? I find it fascinating."

"I'm sure you would find anything fascinating if it had to do with making anyone within a safe distance more aware of your sexual prowess," she quipped, then put her hand over her mouth. There I go again.

He let out a burst of laughter. "Miss De Jarlias, do you want to dance?"

"With you?" she clarified.

"Unless you want to go find-Betsy, was it?"

She nodded, feeling slightly lightheaded.

"Yes, well, I don't see her. I'm assuming she's a cow or some sort of farm creature. So it looks like you're stuck with me."

Speechless, she followed him onto the dance floor for a waltz.

The music began, and she became lost in the essence of what it felt like to live in a fairy tale. That is, until Royce opened his mouth.

"So, when would be a good time to discuss your odd habit of crying in front of food? Or was it just the meat that set you off? I'm not here to pass judgment on a fellow lover of all things carnal, mind you. I just find it interesting that you were so moved by the delicacies in front of you, yet didn't take even one, tiny, tempting bite.

Good Lord, it was hot in that ballroom.

She drew a shaky breath and laughed awkwardly. "Well, I... that is..."

"Yes, please continue," he mocked.

"I'm not sure..." She rolled her eyes, giving up the good fight of etiquette. "I can hardly squeeze myself into my corset as it is. If I eat, I'll surely explode, and the first thing to go would most likely be my dress, sending buttons popping everywhere. I can see them now. Flying into people's champagne glasses, putting out someone's eye. The damage could be quite devastating. And the last thing I need is to embarrass my daddy." The Southern accent was back full force, causing her to feel a little better about life. Well, that and the fact she was dancing with the most beautiful man she had ever met-even if he was sin incarnate.

He looked away at the end of her little confession.

Their little flirtation was over with, it seemed.

The dance ended. She curtsied and turned toward her father, but Royce grabbed her hand and pulled her back into his embrace.

"I don't believe this is proper."

"What do you mean?"

She rolled her eyes. "I mean, it isn't proper for us to dance two dances in a row, sir."

"Oh." He nodded his head. "Right, then. Follow me."

She had no other option but to follow, as he literally dragged her through the crowd of curious onlookers and outside onto a balcony.

"Well, that was rude." Wrenching her arm free, she was half tempted to slap him across his perfectly-chiseled jaw.

"Yes, well, we have unfinished business."

"We do?" Her voice was a mixture of dread and excitement. Curse her inability to look away from his alluring eyes.

"Yes." His tone was clipped. Had she upset him?

His eyes, now large and menacing, raked over her entire body before he held out a single hand and touched the side of her cheek, sending chills all the way down to her toes.

Chapter Two

Oh, he was trouble. She could feel it in her bones, could feel the way her entire body burned like it was on fire. If one light touch sent her into fits of passion, then surely more touching would lead...

"I need to go." Evelyn stepped around him, almost reaching the door before she felt his hands on her hips.

His breath was hot on her neck as his caressing whisper drawled, "I promise I'll feed you."

Just what was he going to feed her? More likely she was to be the main course.

She stiffened, too hungry, and angry that he would even try to seduce her upon their first meeting. "No."

"No?" His voice held astonishment.

"Yes. You do know the meaning of the word no. Right?"

"People don't often use it in my presence."

There's a surprise.

"Well, I'm putting my foot down and saying no to you, right now."

"So what you're really saying is 'not right now'?" He crooned into her neck again.

"No. What I'm saying is no. Not now-not ever."

He had the audacity to laugh.

"So you mean yes?"

What was with this man? Was he that dense?

She turned around, thinking that violence would most likely be the best option at this point, and met perfection yet again. His face, once smoldering with unbridled passion, was now alive with humor and teasing.

She had to look away before she cracked. Pushing back at the blond tendrils of hair which had escaped her coiffure, she swallowed. "No, Royce. You may not seduce me."

"Oh, whatever shall I do?" he mocked, then straightened and looked at her blankly. "You think I want to seduce you?"

Now he was just being rude.

"Well..." It was obvious at that point that she was completely unprepared for being launched into society.

And then, like a tiger stalking his prey, he pounced, nearly scaring her out of her wits as he pulled her flush against his hard body. "Trust me. You'll know, without a doubt, when I'm trying to seduce you, my sweet. Shall I demonstrate?"

"Evelyn?" Her daddy's voice broke the lustful spell that had so suddenly taken hold.

"Out here! I'm coming!" The voice escaping her mouth was unrecognizable in its haze of lust.

Royce winked, then brought her hand to his lips once again and kissed her hand tenderly before motioning for her to take her leave.

****

Royce was still smiling minutes after Evelyn left. She was more than a breath of fresh air. She was perfect. His mother would go into joyful hysterics. In fact, he would bet his fortune that not only would Evelyn be firmly secured by his family by the end of the night, but his own mother would applaud his good choice.

The February air crackled with excitement. Although abnormally warm for this time in New York, it seemed to come alive as he took one last deep breath before re-entering the large dance hall. It was just as well that she left when she did. He'd had half a mind to seduce the poor thing out on the balcony. Then again, he had no idea who she was, only that she was intriguing. Not enough to base marriage on for normal people. However, he would not consider his situation normal.

Four months. That was his timetable, and he had already mentally checked off at least half of the available girls in New York from his list. The other half had a myriad of tiny flaws that simply rubbed him the wrong way.

Much like his brothers also rubbed him the wrong way, with their little idiosyncrasies and annoying habits.

In fact, now that he thought on it, his inability to commit to anything made sense. It was nearly impossible for him to stay with the same woman for longer than a month. He was like a child with a new toy. Once the excitement was gone, it was time to move on. Suddenly it occurred to him why his mistresses might also be put out by him. Maybe his lack of concern was selfish, but he quite honestly didn't care. Women were just as fickle as men, especially women who wanted protectors.

Upon entering the room, he spotted his mother with an unfamiliar short, stout man. He appeared to be in his late fifties. Hair was absent from his head, as well as any sort of facial hair, making him resemble a shiny billiard ball.

Ignoring the longing glances from the young ladies by the refreshments, he made his way across the room to his mother and her companion.

"Ah, here he is now," he heard her say before he bowed.

"May I introduce Stuart De Jarlias?"

The introduction should have caused warning bells in his brain, but all he could focus on was the mere fact that his mother's voice held more warmth for this strange man than normal.

Shaking his head, he cleared his thoughts. "I presume you are the father of the Miss De Jarlias?"

"Ah, yes." The man touched his bald head and smiled. "That girl is a rare treat. She's my everything. Why, I don't know what I'd do without her if she hadn't been here with me when her mama gone and died on us."

Mr. De Jarlias was single-handedly butchering the English language. His Southern twang rang in Royce's ears. Good God, did these people have manners at all?

"Daddy!"

Evelyn joined the group and smiled, tugging on her father's sleeve like a small child. "I'm ready to go; are you?"

Royce hid his disappointment. He wanted to explore Miss De Jarlias more. His brain told him it was mere curiosity, and his body ... well, his body was telling him something else entirely as he allowed himself another peek at her delectable form.

Pity she was hiding such curves underneath that dress. Her father must have made her wear something a little unfashionable in order to draw less attention. Granted, it was hard for her not to draw attention, what with her silver blond hair and violet eyes. A man would have to be dead or blind not to notice her.

His body nearly groaned in agreement.

"Well, it seems it is time for bed!"

Oh, Lord. He said 'bed.'

"Daddy! We don't say bed in public!" Evelyn scolded.

Royce wanted to say more than bed in public but fought against arguing with the poor girl. No doubt she was tired and famished after fighting him off all night.

"Well, thanks for the invitation. We shall see you tomorrow!" Mr. De Jarlias hooked his arm into Evelyn's and slowly walked away.

"Tomorrow?" Royce asked, looking at his mother.

"Yes, well..." She avoided eye contact and looked like she was ready to bolt.

"Mother."

"Oh, I do love parties! Don't you, Royce? So sparkly and fun."

"Mother!" he scolded. "First, sparkly is a terrible word which, I'm certain, is not in the dictionary. And two, you're avoiding me like you do Aunt Terrance during Christmas. Now, what did you do?"

"We are taking them to church tomorrow morning." Her eyes nervously scanned the crowds, and she took a large gulp of champagne.

"We?" Apparently repeating the word made it less true.

"Yes. We." Giving him a patronizing pat on the head, she glided away, leaving him wondering why he left his poor mother alone with the girl and her father.

They didn't go to church.

His mother went to church. He slept and drank and cavorted around with disreputable women.

Did they even allow men like him into a church? He would find out all too soon.

Chapter Three

Evelyn awoke from a dreamy sleep. Many of the dreams were filled with one gentleman in particular. The sunlight poured in from the curtains, casting a glow across her face. It was in these moments of solitude that she missed Louisiana. Even though it was one of the newer American states, it still had such a rich culture. It was alive with promise and joy.

It was one of the reasons that despite growing up on a farm, she was fluent in French and knew how to cook French cuisine better than the best chefs in New York. At the moment, all she wanted was some tea and to sit on a porch drowning in sunlight.

But no, her father had agreed they would attend church with the McArthurs. She highly doubted that a man like Royce would be allowed in such a holy place. Wasn't God known to strike down men like him with a single lightning bolt?

Throwing back the covers of her bed, she began the task of preparing herself for the day. It was going to be a long one if she had to sit next to the devil in church.

****

Royce carefully stepped over the threshold into the church. He wasn't even embarrassed that he closed his eyes, waiting for God's wrath. Nor was he surprised when several women in the congregation waited in anticipation for the same thing. After a few seconds of patiently waiting for his inevitable death, he took another step and promptly bumped into another lady.

He was opening his mouth for a perfect excuse, honestly he was. And then he realized it was Miss De Jarlias. She looked positively sinful in that dress of blue and white. He needed to control his arousal. He was, after all, on holy ground, and he could only deduce he was on borrowed time as it was.

"Ah, Miss De Jarlias!" He bowed quickly, and then took her elbow. "You know, I'm pleased we could meet again at such a great ... event." Poor word choice. Dear God, please don't strike me down. The girl would surely go with me at this range. Think of the girl!

"I must say, I'm surprised, Mr. McArthur." Evelyn met his gaze with a cool one of her own and crossed her tiny little arms.

"Surprised?" He cleared his throat. "What do you find surprising this beautiful Sunday morning?"

"You. Being allowed in church. You. Not getting struck by lightning. And again you. Still standing on God's holy ground after staring at my chest more than twice since we've bumped into one another."

"Maybe God's giving me a second chance." Royce managed not to appear as annoyed as he felt that Evelyn had noticed his lingering eyes. "Or it is possible God is very forgiving?"

Evelyn snorted. "Or He's waiting to strike you when you least expect it."

Royce glanced over his shoulder just in case she was right. He was definitely treading on thin ice, being on holy ground after the life he had been leading. The only thing that could make matters worse would be if the preacher stood up on the pulpit and shouted, "You sinner! Repent or burn!" He shuddered and silently led Evelyn to his family's pew on the left.

Her eyes looked heavenward as he took his seat next to hers. "Praying already?"

"For protection."

"From who?"

"The devil."

"Ah, well, I doubt God would let him through the doors," Royce joked.

Evelyn looked him up and down before answering. "Too late."

One hour later, Royce was seriously considering the whole repentance business as the minister continued to preach about having to stand before God when one dies. He wasn't sure how he would account for all of the wrong he had done in his life.

What was to be his excuse? Sorry, God, but my mistress was a redhead. You know how I like those! Somehow it didn't seem God would find that amusing, nor would He let certain sins slide depending on the personal preference of said sinner.

Shaking himself out of his depressing thought, he took it upon himself to concentrate on Evelyn's legs, an altogether terrible idea, considering he was in church. His assessment of the merits of the idea was shortly confirmed when the lady in front of him, whom he later found out was the minister's wife, chose that exact moment to turn around and examine the crowd.

Scowling, she swatted him with her fan and shook her head, reprimanding him like a small child. Unfortunately, his response was exactly what one would expect from a small child as well. The blood rushed to his face, and he jerked his head back to the minister and the sermon. His gaze never wavered until the last Amen was said.

Because he spent the second half of the service terrified that the lady would turn around, he had forgotten to close his eyes during the prayer, thinking if he just stared hard enough, she wouldn't turn around and judge him again. It never occurred to him that ministers' wives didn't open their eyes in prayer like rakes did.

As the service concluded he jumped out of his seat, ready for food, wine, and female company. Preferably in that same order.

"So how about some lunch?" He turned to where Evelyn had been seated. But she was gone. Panicking, he glowered down the row, and then turned around suddenly, nearly knocking over his own mother.

"Dear, what are you doing?" his mother demanded, waving a hand in front of his face. "Are you ill?"

"No, just hungry. Say, have you seen Miss De Jarlias?"

"She and her father are around here somewhere. They're staying for a light lunch with the pastor and his wife."

Royce meant to shudder on the inside; instead he couldn't help it as his body convulsed at the thought of spending more time with the holy man and the woman who'd hit him with her fan. "No, thanks," he mumbled, stepping away from his mother. He would have to find another way to spend time with Evelyn. After all, if she was to be launched this year, she couldn't spend all her time with people holier than he was. Not that it would be a difficult feat, since it included over ninety percent of the population in his city.

What he needed was gifts. And lots of them. It was sometime during the service he realized he wanted her. Not necessarily because he needed her. No, that wasn't any part of it. Nor was he in love with her like some crazy cad. She just seemed the logical fit, and she was interesting to boot! Any woman who cried over food and was brave enough to send him to Hades was a woman he could live with forever. Now all he needed to do was convince her.

"I don't like that smile," his mother observed, urging him down the long aisle leading to the outside doors.

"What smile?" He could feel it growing wider.

"The one plastered all over your sorry face. Oh, Lord, forgive him. He knows not what he does."

"Oh, yes, I do."

"You do what?" Her voice was half pleading.

"Know exactly what I'm going to do."

"And that is?" His mother stopped him in his tracks and pulled his shoulders towards her.

"The usual: rubies, diamonds, clothing. Things that shine."

"Are we talking about ways to attract wild animals?"

Royce chuckled. "Oh, yes. I would most definitely put her in that category. I do love a good chase."

His mother's face contorted with concern. "Dear, I very much like them. Her father is a hard-working man, just like your father, and well..." She didn't finish talking, but she didn't have to. Royce knew what she meant. No man could ever hope to compare to his father, which is exactly why Royce never wanted to try. He could never live up to him. Nobody could. It upset him that his mother was comparing the two men. It also made him wonder if what she saw in Mr. De Jarlias was the same irritatingly attractive thing he saw in Evelyn. He put his hand around his mother's shoulders. "Don't worry, Mother. She'll break. The strong ones just take longer."

"I'm not so sure this one is the same as the others." She pushed past him and strode out of the building, leaving him with a sickening feeling that she might be right.

Chapter Four

Evelyn laughed when she saw the shocked look on Royce's face that Tuesday morning. Apparently the cad had been by her house four times in the past two days, each time dropping off little gifts and trinkets fit for a mistress, more so than a lady. Not that she knew much about mistresses.

Whatever did he expect her to do with flowers and jewelry? Flowers died, and even though Royce didn't know it, she despised jewelry and everything it represented. It was pretty, yes, but having grown up in God's creation, she knew exactly what she appreciated in life. Her health, being happy, long walks, ladybugs-things which made her smile and which Royce knew nothing about.

A loud crash shook her from her thoughts. Running down the stairs, she barely had time to open her mouth before Royce was in front of her, looking all out of sorts with tattered flowers and a vase in his hand. "I heard a noise," she sputtered, peeking around him to the mess on the floor. Visibly disturbed, the crouching butler looked as though he would weep while he picked up tiny shards of crystal.

"I seem to have upset him," Royce muttered, stuffing the flowers together to create a sad excuse for a bouquet.

"Little wonder. He sees himself as the guardian of our precious family heirlooms. He'll never forgive you. " Evelyn hoped the lie about family heirlooms would evoke some sort of guilt in Royce's eyes. Instead he pasted on a glorious smile and knelt down on bended knee.

Oh, Lord.

"Come to the theatre with me."

"No."

"So you mean yes?" Royce lifted an eyebrow.

"Are we really going to go through this whole scenario again?" Evelyn, ignoring his plea, walked over to the door and opened it. "Out."

"Oh, and I almost forgot to mention... I have this new chef from France. Supposedly he's one of the best in the world. I've asked him to make us a meal before the show."

Drat her Achilles heel! At least she would get a free meal out of the deal. It wasn't as if Royce was terrible company; she just knew what he was about. And he was selfishly only about getting his own way, whether or not he had to kill people in the process. He was nothing like the husband or partner she needed.

"I accept."

"Splendid. I thought you would. You know, I can be quite-"

"Stop talking. I accept on one condition."

"Name it, darling, and it's yours." He lifted his large hand and cupped her chin. Unfortunately the touch sent shivers all the way down her spine, reminding her just how dangerous this predator was.

"No more gifts, no more irritating me, and God as my witness, if you try to seduce me, I'll stab you with my fork. Are we clear?"

His face, alight with amusement, cracked into a beautiful smile "Quite clear. Shall we seal it with a kiss?"

Exasperated laughter bubbled out of her. "Leave before I change my mind, you cad!"

He took a long, lazy bow before tipping his hat and exiting through the front door. Insufferable man. Now all she had to do was survive dinner and try to make her daddy proud at the theatre. It was well known that only the richest families in New York made their way to the theatre on Friday nights.

****

Royce tried to be patient as he watched the clock strike six, but found it nearly impossible to stop pacing in his study. She was late. Was this normal for her? Was she okay? And why the devil was he pacing in his study, worrying over this woman he barely knew like some besotted fool?

He needed to get his head on straight with this one. Nothing was working like it was supposed to. He had even lied about hiring a new French chef, hoping she would at least feel the need to come to dinner if he promised amazing food. It took him hours to find a chef good enough to hire, and even more money than he would ever admit to convince the chef to go along with his little scheme.

The woman was ruthless! She laughed when he sent her jewels and sent them back with a note that instructed him to donate them to charity! Charity! When he brought her flowers, she said she was allergic; and this morning when he brought in another bouquet, the butler tried to send him away.

None of his usual tricks were good enough. His last hope, his final hurrah, was seduction by food. Desperation had forced him to his knees, humbling him beyond belief.

"Monsieur!" the chef yelled from the kitchen.

Oh, God, tell me that isn't smoke I smell.

"I cannot work in conditions like these, Monsieur! I quit!" Smoke billowed from the kitchen, causing Royce to cough before he was able to respond. What conditions did the chef speak of? What was he talking about? Not wanting to humble himself one measly inch by actually stepping foot into his own kitchen, he impatiently waited in vain; instead he heard a loud curse and nearly shouted when the smoke seemed to thicken. Relenting, he muttered an oath and stepped over the threshold into a realm very unfamiliar.

"Monsieur, wait! The dinner! What am I to do? I paid you!" There I go again with the desperation.

"You can have your money back!" The chef spat on the floor and stomped out, leaving Royce to face the kitchen staff, each of them with looks of horror on their faces.

"Can somebody please tell me why there is smoke everywhere, and why the new chef felt the need to quit?"

The entire kitchen staff, fire now put out, were covered in a buttery sauce from head to toe.

Royce tried to stay calm as he walked to the closest of his staff and stopped. "You, explain. Now."

"You see, sir, there was a rat, and we tried to get it before the chef saw. He has this terrible fear of rodents and when he saw it, part of his apron caught fire from the stove, and I panicked."

"You panicked?" Unfortunately the story made sense. "And what, pray tell, did you do?"

"I threw sauce on him."

"You threw sauce on the new chef," Royce repeated, glancing around at the guilty faces in the room. The young man nodded, waiting for his obvious consequences.

As Royce was opening his mouth to deliver the sentencing, Evelyn walked in and gasped. "Is anyone hurt?"

All eyes shifted to him. How he wished he could have been burned in the fire, so she would at least touch him. He shook his head and told the rest of the kitchen staff to get cleaned up and resume their duties.

Turning to Evelyn, he sighed. "I'm afraid I have no food for you." He felt utterly defeated and foolish. Every object his eyes flashed to seemed more like a torture device than an object with which to make food. It was hopeless. Even if he knew what to do, he was convinced anything he made would taste awful, sealing his fate with Evelyn once and for all.

Evelyn put her hands on her hips and sighed. "Well, that won't do."

"I'm sorry, Evelyn. Apparently my new chef-whom I hired just to impress you, might I add-has a terrible fear of rats and caught fire upon seeing one on the floor. To prevent catastrophe, my always-able kitchen staff threw sauce on him. That was about the moment I smelled the smoke for myself and ran in. Though I am loathe to admit it, I did not save the day."

He kept his eyes downcast, waiting for her dainty footsteps to begin to move away, telling him he had lost her once and for all. His only bait was destroyed, and he already admitted defeat. After what seemed like several minutes, he looked up to find Evelyn pulling food from the nearby cupboard.

"What are you doing?" Curiosity dripped from every word.

"Making you dinner." She scooted past him and smiled. Unable to control the urge to smile, he did just that, and helped her with a nearby apron, putting one on himself as well.

"So what are we cooking, my lady?" Royce went to the stove, ready to work.

"I had my heart set on that delicious lamb over there with the sauce I see splattered all over creation."

Royce laughed. "Well, we could always clean it up." He wiped his finger across the gooey substance and lifted it to his lips. It was delicious.

"I want a taste," Evelyn suddenly said behind him. He nearly forgot to breathe as he lifted the sauce to her pink lips. Face flushed, she leaned forward and closed her eyes as her velvet tongue licked his finger.

It took every ounce of self-control he possessed not to pull her into a tight embrace and never let go. Every fiber of his being screamed at him to take her now, to make her his, yet she wasn't like everyone else. Had any of his mistresses seen a mess like this, they would have screamed and run out of the house. Not Evelyn. No, she offered to cook and clean up as if it was a normal occurrence for chefs to be set on fire. She was truly special.

When her eyes opened, they locked on his. And for one brief moment he thought she might be the one to look away. Instead it was he, the coward, who glanced down, breaking the connection. It was too much. Impossible that he would be the weak one, but here he was ready to flee, because for once in his life, he found a woman he wanted for more than a week. A woman he wanted to promise to forever. A woman his father would have wholeheartedly approved of.

It scared him out of his wits.

Chapter Five

Evelyn tried to ignore the shortness of breath and the sound of her own heart beating wildly out of her chest. It proved to be difficult when her eyes locked with Royce's; she almost looked away, but Royce-strong, egotistical Royce-was the first to break the lingering gaze, telling her yet again the man was a lot less confident than he seemed.

Drat him for being so endearing. She wanted to laugh when she saw how defeated he looked, yet when she heard him admit his little plan, she felt nothing but sympathy for him. He expected her to leave.

Well, she wanted to prove him wrong. She wasn't like those city girls he was constantly surrounded by. Gathering some courage, she walked by him to pick up the knife near his hands. Part of her wanted to point it at him to see what he would do; the other part told her it wasn't proper for a young lady to point knives.

"What ... are you doing?" Royce asked, perplexed.

Evelyn had the knife aimed at him in an unladylike manner, then laughed. "Hmm, I do wonder how good you are at defending yourself. Would you fight back even though I'm a lady?"

Royce laughed, loud and beautiful. It made his entire face more enchanting. His eyes crinkled at the corners, and his dimples appeared more pronounced than before Evelyn nearly dropped the knife and wanted to curse, because now it seemed like it was he who had the upper hand. Laying his hand over hers, he leaned in. "My dear, I would rather fight you than my choice of anyone in the world."

She licked her lips and whispered, "Why me?"

The room seemed to hum with passion as his grip tightened across her hand. Trembling almost imperceptibly, she met his gaze. His eyes were heightened with awareness.

"Because," he whispered into her ear, sending shivers down her spine, "it might be my only chance to touch you or be near you. I'll take what I can get."

She didn't want to move. If she moved, he would move; yet she needed to get out of his deadly embrace. Why was her body rebelling against her? As she prepared her escape, Royce released his grip on her hand, sending the knife sailing to the floor. He pushed her out of the way and released a curse so loud it nearly shook the walls.

Cringing, she looked down. The knife was pointed directly into his boot. Fighting the urge to laugh, even though it was terribly rude of her, she cupped her hand over her mouth and gasped. Albeit not particularly convincingly, as Royce sent her a searing glare. "Get. It. Out." He said pointing at the offending blade.

She knelt and pulled the knife out of his boot, noting it hadn't quite penetrated all the way through the thick leather. What was all the fuss about anyway? As she looked up, Royce was smirking. "I knew it would happen soon."

"What?" She was still looking up from the ground.

"You'd be on your knees before me, worshipping the ground I walk on."

Knife still in hand, Evelyn raised it above her head, making a sweeping motion to hit his foot. At the last second she put it into the floor and sent him a sweet smile. "Maybe you should wait to insult me until I'm not holding sharp objects?"

Royce swallowed once, looking away. "Noted."

By the time Evelyn had put down all weapons, and Royce had moved all sharp objects away from her reach, they only had minutes before they needed to be at the theatre. They rushed through dinner like lunatics, and then hurried to the waiting coach.

"That was lovely." Evelyn laughed.

"Wasn't it? I must say I rather enjoyed watching you drink your wine in one gulp. Don't think I've witnessed anything like it. Say, you aren't feeling tipsy, are you? Oh, and stop giving me that look! It's not as if I would take advantage."

Evelyn rolled her eyes. "If that's not a lie, I don't know what is. And no, I'm not feeling tipsy. You need to wipe that look of disappointment from your face. How dare you think you can get me drunk! It's more likely, in the case of a competition of drinking between us, you would be passed out before I would feel a thing."

"False. I'm calling your bluff." Royce pointed at her. "No way does a woman drink more than a man. It isn't done. What do they do in Louisiana? Put ale in your milk as a child?"

"Please. As if ale would do anything to a person like me. It's so watered down, one could drink it when dehydrated and still be standing straight."

Royce shifted in his seat before asking, "What about liquor?"

"Am I to understand that you want to know what your family's fine whiskey does to my feminine sensibilities?"

He nodded.

"I've never had it."

At this Royce's eyes widened in shock but quickly went back to normal as he laughed. "Well, we will have to remedy the situation. Can't have you bragging about your drinking, having never had the finest McArthur whiskey New York has to offer."

Evelyn tried to ignore the gentle tug of warmth she felt in the carriage with him. The man had entirely too much charm to do any good.

"Tonight," she said, surprising herself.

"Tonight what?" he asked, dumbfounded.

"Tonight," she leaned towards him, "you can give me a sip of your famous whiskey. Will that be enough to satisfy your morbid curiosity?"

Licking his lips, he brought his face within inches of hers, which was quite a feat for bouncing around in a coach as they were. "A taste? A moment? Just one? With you? Will never be enough."

It was silent the rest of the way to the theatre.

As Royce took her arm, she fought every fool-hearted emotion threatening to spill over into her thoughts. By the time he had led her to the box, she was so tightly wound one more touch from him would have surely tipped the scales in his favor. He was winning her over! Curse him!

She jerked her hand free of his arm and plopped into the nearest seat, not realizing her plopping was quite loud. Two men stood and introduced themselves as Royce's brothers. Heat crept up her neck as Royce introduced her. As if her embarrassment couldn't get worse, Royce decided to sit right next to her. His thigh was touching hers in the most improper way, making her want to lean against the opposite side. Except that's where his brothers were seated. She couldn't escape. And, for the love of God, she needed a fan!

"You look flushed, m'dear; are you okay?"

Royce's low voice surprised her, causing a little squeak to escape her lips. She looked up to the ceiling, hoping something would drop on him, so at least her heart would stop beating so erratically!

"Maybe some air?" she managed to suggest.

Nodding, he helped her up and escorted her out of the box. As soon as they were outside, she was able to breathe again. The crisp night air was just what she needed. And then she looked at Royce, leaning against the stairs with arms folded, and suddenly felt hot again. None of her discomfort had to do with temperatures.

Closing her eyes and sending up a quick prayer to resist the devil of a man, she marched toward him and pasted a smile across her face. "I'm ready!"

"Liar." Unmoving, he stared at her.

"No, I'm fine."

"Are we going to stand here in the cold and argue all night, or shall I take you home? You don't look well."

"A gentleman never tells a lady she doesn't look well."

He smirked. "Good thing I'm nothing of the sort. Now let's take you home and get some whiskey into that beautiful mouth of yours. Then we'll send you right to bed."

"I'm surprised you can say bed and whiskey in the same sentence without trying to seduce me." Suddenly Evelyn wasn't feeling very well at all. Maybe something was wrong with her. She felt herself swaying and just had time to pull on Royce's jacket before the blackness overtook her.

****

Blast! Royce cursed as Evelyn's limp body fell into his arms. He called for the coach and lifted her inside, careful not to ruin her pretty dress. He laid her across his lap. "Love, can you hear me?"

Evelyn's eyes were still closed. God, she was beautiful. He was a fool not to notice just how much until now. Every part of her was lush, feminine. But her face-even sleeping, she was aglow with warmth. Part of him still wanted to seduce her; the other part wanted to stare and pretend he was good enough to be sitting by her side, when he knew in his heart he wasn't even good enough to breathe the same air.

"Wake up, love," he whispered again.

Her eyes fluttered open. A part of him, the selfish vain part that he wasn't particularly fond of, died. In its place was a desire to put her health, her ambitions, her needs above his own. He was lost, and he hoped to stay lost forever.

"Can you speak?" His hands roamed over her face as if to memorize the way her lips felt against his fingertips, or the way her cheek fit into the palm of his hand.

"Wh-at happened?" Shaking, she tried to sit up, but he firmly held her down.

"My handsome face was too much for you to take. I can't say it's the first time a woman has fainted in my presence," he teased, brushing an escaped tendril out of her face. "But it seems you're all better now. Aren't you glad we are on our way home?" After saying the words, he wished to God it were actually their home they shared, not just her home he was taking her to.

Nodding, her eyelids fluttered. "Thanks for catching me."

He answered soberly, "I always will."

Chapter Six

For being such a feisty little thing, she was quite easy to manipulate when she was feeling ill. Somehow Royce convinced her to wait for her father at the McArthur house while he finished his evening at the theatre. She agreed and said it was time for her father to have a little fun.

Now they were alone in his house late into the evening. And oddly enough, he hadn't a thought about seduction, only about her welfare, which was an entirely new experience for him.

"Whiskey?" he offered once she was settled in his study with a thick blanket.

"Please." Her eyebrow arched as she accepted the glass. "I am feeling a lot better. I don't know what came over me."

"You don't seem to be one to swoon," Royce agreed, pacing in front of her. "Did you get any sleep last night? Have you had enough water? Maybe you need more food. Oh God, I made you eat your dinner in a rush!"

"Royce."

His mind exploded with possibilities. What if the rat had gotten into the food, and he fed that same food to her, and she was going to die and-

"Royce," the tiny woman yelled from the couch. "Stop pacing, and for the love of God, sit down! I'm fine!"

"Oh, right then." He sat, feeling rather awkward that she had to yell to get him to calm down. In less than twenty-four hours, this was what he had resorted to. Pacing, panicking, drinking, and paranoia. Perfect.

"This is good."

"What?" He looked up and noticed her glass was empty. The minx had actually drunk the entire thing in one sitting. In less than a minute. Embarrassed, he looked down at his full cup and threw it back, praying he wouldn't cough from the dry alcohol as it drained slowly down his throat.

He pounded his chest to keep from choking. Then smiled.

"It's strong." He coughed.

"I hadn't noticed." Evelyn stretched her arms over her head like a little kitten. Or, on second thought, a tame tiger. Or maybe...

He shook his head. "I'll get you another."

"Yes, but only one. I can't go home foxed; my daddy would throw a fit."

Bringing the glass to her, he sat and slowly sipped. "You could always stay the night."

"Royce McArthur, that was the worse seduction I've ever experienced."

"I'm terribly out of practice," he admitted, drinking the rest of his whiskey. "I doubt I even know how to kiss a woman anymore."

Evelyn rolled her eyes. "That's more like it."

"Why, whatever do you mean?" His hand went across his chest. "I'll have you know it's been years since I've properly kissed a woman."

"Now it's my turn to call your bluff."

"Very well, you're right, but at least I'm honest." Their hands brushed as he took her glass and set it on the table. "Since we're being honest, I think I should tell you something."

She swallowed and looked at him nervously. "What's that?"

"I desperately want to kiss you."

Royce hoped his declaration would pay off as his gaze rested on her lips. Her hand came up to touch his face. His eyes closed, and he grabbed her wrists, lifting her closer to his face.

"There you two are!" his mother announced as she glided into the room.

Royce cursed under his breath and released his hold on Evelyn.

"Yes. Despite all my prayers heavenward, you have found us." Royce went up to greet his mother with a kiss. It was then he noticed another intruder, Evelyn's father, hopefully sans pistols, because Royce didn't feel like being shot tonight. It wasn't as if he had compromised the girl. He hadn't even kissed her. Yet.

Mr. De Jarlias went to his daughter and smiled. "Are you feeling any better?"

"Oh, much, Daddy. I'm so thankful for Mr. McArthur."

Royce let out the breath he had been holding and winked at his mother, who shook her head and rolled her eyes all at the same time.

"Well, we should be off." Mr. De Jarlias looked to Royce's mom and winked.

Wait, what just happened? Was his mother blushing? Suspicious, he watched as Mr. De Jarlias bent to kiss his mother's hand.

"Okay, Casanova, time to go," Royce said, pushing them out. He blew a kiss towards Evelyn and watched as her father packed her up into their carriage.

"Mother," he said, feeling her presence behind him. "Tell me that wasn't what I think it was."

"Oh, honey, nobody would ever find you guilty of logical thought."

With that, his minx of a mother walked up the stairs without bidding him good night. Something was going on between those two. And he was going to find out what. If only to satisfy his own curiosity, and possibly to gain entrance into Evelyn's house, since he was done with flowers, jewels, food, and anything else of good use during courting.

Chapter Seven

Royce knocked twice on Evelyn's door before it opened. The butler, not one of Royce's many admirers, stared at him as if he was a rat needing to be exterminated.

"Ah, how are you this fine morning?" Royce patronized.

Awkward silence followed.

"Right then, is Evelyn home?"

The butler grunted, and then opened the door a little wider, letting Royce in. He was actually being granted entrance, and he had no gifts.

Evelyn appeared. "You look shocked. I told him the only way he could let you in was if you were bleeding to death, or if you ceased bringing gifts like you promised. Since I can't see any blood, I can only assume you've brought me nothing?"

"Your assumptions are correct. I have no gifts, no pretty words, and no blood. I hate to disappoint your butler. I think he'd rather I be bleeding."

"Nonsense."

Royce smiled. She cared. She had to.

"We just had the floors redone, and it would be an awful stain to try to get out, wouldn't it?"

He deserved that after haughtily thinking he could sweep her off her feet so easily upon their first meeting. At least she was speaking to him now.

"There has been a development," he said, taking a seat in the salon.

"A development?" Tea arrived as Evelyn took her seat across from him. "And just what has developed in the past twelve hours, Royce?"

It was hard for him to speak after hearing his name so casually on her lips.

Shaking his head, he answered, "Our parents."

"What about our parents?" She reached for a biscuit.

"They are hiding something."

"And just when did you discover you had a problem?" Evelyn answered.

"Problem?" Confusion made him look around the room as if she was playing a joke. "What problem?"

"The drinking. You are drunk, aren't you? It's the only explanation I can think of."

"No, I'm not." Frustrated, he raked his hand through his hair. "I'll prove it to you!"

"Prove what?"

"The sneaking around, the hidden looks, the winking!"

Evelyn looked at him like he was crazed.

"I'm being serious; stop laughing at me."

Obviously, she couldn't help it, for it was a good five minutes before she wiped the tears from her eyes. "Are you making this up so you can spend time with me?"

"Although my behavior in the past would point you to that obvious conclusion, no. I'm not making it up, and my mother didn't even deny it! Like I said, I'll prove it."

"When?" she asked, looking more amused than she should.

"Tonight!" He pointed into the air with triumph. "I overheard the butler, who was talking to the kitchen staff, who were preparing a private dinner for my mother and a guest this evening!"

"And you overheard it from the butler, who heard it from the kitchen staff?"

Royce's brow furrowed. "Well, when you repeat it like that, it doesn't sound as impressive. Let's just for one minute say I'm right. Wouldn't you want to know if your daddy was cavorting with a woman?"

"Fine, you've made your point. But if you're lying, Royce McArthur, I might find that knife again."

"Impossible. I've hidden all sharp objects. For my personal safety, you understand."

Rolling her eyes, she took another sip of tea. "Where shall I meet you?"

He looked appalled. "Meet me? We can't have you meet me anywhere! Just think! A young girl walking the streets like a common-"

Her eyebrows lifted ever so slightly.

So he finished, "-person. I'm going to come fetch you at seven tonight. We will then make our way to my house, where we will sneak into the back via the servants' entrance."

"Perfect."

She sounded less than enthused.

"You could sound a bit more excited about our secret rendezvous." He pouted, crossing his arms.

"First off, it's not a lovers' rendezvous. If you're tricking me, I'm finding the closest weapon and using it. Second." She held up her tiny hand, trying to be threatening. "It's not technically a secret, because everyone involved knows about it."

"Our parents don't know."

"Ah, but they don't know we know, so it's different."

Royce felt confused. "Wait. That still means it's a secret."

"It's not a secret!" she snapped, nearly dropping her teacup.

Carefully, as to not scare the girl, he took the teacup from her hands and started talking in soft tones. "Okay, you win. It's not a secret. Have you by, uh, any chance eaten more than the biscuits here today? I think you're hungry. It's probably why you were so weak yesterday. You're spending all your energy fighting your feelings. Maybe you should just give in to your basic needs."

"Royce." Evelyn placed her finger over her temple as if she were trying to conjure up some semblance of patience. "I'm not hungry, for either type of food."

"But you're grumpy, and last time you were grumpy-last time being the ball, you were grumpy. At least somewhat. You wouldn't even let me seduce you in the gardens. Next time I plan a seduction, I do intend to feed you first, so your body is so busy digesting your food, you won't even notice my sneak attack."

Evelyn smiled. "None of what you just said had even a hint of romance. You do realize that, don't you?"

Royce shrugged. "I've lost my touch. At least that's how it's been ever since we've been keeping company."

"Correction. You've been trying to keep company; I've been trying to elude said company."

He laughed, pushing himself off of the sofa. "Oh is that right?"

The air in the room became ripe with tension as he braced both sides of her chair with his hands and leaned down. "Admit it. You kind of like me."

She met his gaze and swallowed. "Lying is a sin."

"So give an honest answer." His breath fanned over her face as he whispered into her ear. "I'm waiting."

Another long pause.

He decided it was as good a time as any to let her know what she was missing by constantly rejecting him, and then he saw her face. It looked ... oh, no. It looked vulnerable and-dare he hope-willing. He couldn't seduce her, not when she looked so pure and innocent-and perfect.

As he looked down at her perfect lips, he couldn't remember why he was arguing with himself over seducing her. That was the intended purpose. Without any more thought, he brought his lips to hers in a chaste kiss, fully expecting to be rejected. Instead, she moaned and wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him almost into her lap.

Not one to ever say no to a beautiful woman he desired, Royce deepened the kiss. Slipping past the defense of her lips, using his tongue to draw her more and more into his haze of seduction.

Her grasp tightened on his neck, and he struggled to coherently think of a way he could continue kissing her without compromising her or causing such a commotion as to scare her off. And then she kissed him back.

He had thought she was kissing him before. No, he was wrong. Royce was hardly ever wrong, but in this instance, he was thankful. For the innocent was not so innocent as to not understand how to kiss a man and make it count.

Forgetting his name, his purpose in life, and forsaking all else, Royce lifted her out of the chair and pulled her into a tight embrace, moving her to the nearest settee, so he could fully take advantage of the privacy offered.

And then, for some reason, as he brought her close to the settee, so close to where he wanted her to be, she stiffened.

He recoiled, knowing he fully deserved to be slapped.

Instead, she pulled back, gasped, put her hand over her mouth, and shook her head. "I don't know what came over me!"

Oddly enough, Royce had a few things he could say to her little outburst, but wisdom told him to stay put. Unfortunately for Royce, he rarely listened to wisdom, so he decided to say, "I certainly do!" And then promptly winked.

"Ah ha! There it is!" he exclaimed as her hand flew through the air in the direction of his face. He quickly grabbed her flying hand and twisted her into an embrace, pinning her hands down by her sides, so he could freely whisper into her ear. "Don't overthink it. I'll see you tonight. At seven. Be ready."

With that he slowly released her and stalked out of the room. The grin on his face was not lost on the butler, who slammed the door behind him.

Whoever said Southerners were the friendliest people around had obviously not met the De Jarlias family or their staff.

Seven couldn't come soon enough.

Chapter Eight

Evelyn felt like a fool. She had kissed a man she was certain she despised, and she had thoroughly enjoyed it! What was wrong with her? She wanted to scream, yet the only thoughts she could string together had to do with the way Royce's hands felt on her back and her face. Or the way his lips felt against hers. It was perfect. If she was ever asked to describe the perfect kiss, that would have been it. She hated him for it.

At seven she finally donned her darkest gown, thinking since she was supposed to be spying, she might as well dress the part.

Next, she mentally prepared herself against seduction. The sly grins, the barest of touches, the sweet smell of man-she had to resist or flee temptation altogether. She wasn't doing this for Royce; she was doing this for her father. To protect him from...

Well, what was she actually trying to protect him from? A knock on the door stirred her thoughts more. It had taken some persuasion but she had offered their butler the night off. Not only did he despise Royce, but the idea of her daddy finding out about her spying did not settle well. She walked over and pulled open the door, revealing a painfully handsome Royce. It was some kind of mean trick from God. Why did all the attractive men have to be cads? As if on cue, Royce flashed a brilliant smile, making her feel like punching him in the gut and slamming the door on his hand.

"I know what you're thinking."

"Impossible," she grumbled, stepping out into the cool night air.

Royce fell into step beside her and offered a mocking laugh. "You were thinking about causing me physical harm. Ah, yes. I can see by the stern look on your face you're upset I can read you so well. Sorry." He shrugged, lifting his hands into the air. "It's your eyes."

"My eyes?" Did this man ever censor his speech?

"Yes. Your beautiful 'I want to get lost and never be found' eyes. They reveal too much of your feelings. Most of the ladies around here make it a practice to hide what they're thinking as a way to catch a husband. You, on the other hand, have a tendency to wear your heart on your sleeve. I assure you, it's endearing."

How had the conversation gone from Evelyn causing him physical harm to compliments about her eyes? Self-consciously, she reached up and pulled the hooded cloak farther over her face.

"Don't." Royce reached out and grabbed her wrists. "I like to see your face."

It wasn't the most romantic of compliments, but for some reason, it made Evelyn truly see Royce for the first time. The way his eyes lit up when he was being himself-when he was being serious about something.

Shuddering, she pulled back, but as they walked along in silence, there was nothing she could do to rub away the tingling sensations his hands had left on her wrists.

Something between them had changed, and she had good reason to believe it started with a dinner date gone wrong, and then the kiss, and now their excursion. She shook her head, hoping the physical act of shaking would force the looming thoughts out of her mind.

"Here we are!" Royce announced upon reaching his mansion.

Evelyn nearly choked. Her eyes greedily scanned the home in front of her. Home? It was no home; it was one of the most beautiful houses she had ever seen. Just how rich were the McArthurs? And why hadn't she noticed the beautiful home before when she had stayed with Royce during the theatre mishap?

"Few things you should know," he whispered, escorting her towards the back. "We own a successful fleet of ships which happily row across the ocean to deliver our famous whiskey."

"Whiskey?"

"Yes, the same whiskey you had the other night? My family's whiskey. We own shares in a few other silly little ventures as well, but my father left everything to me. I'm the one in charge. My mother is also in my care, which is why I feel the need to be so protective of her."

"I understand."

"Yes, I know you do. So we are in agreement then?"

"Agreement?" Just what had she agreed to do whilst kissing this handsome man?

Royce opened the gate and shooed her towards the back end of the house. "We agree our parents should not get involved."

"I guess," she heard herself say, although she wasn't particularly convinced of her answer. Her own mother had been dead for some time. It would be good for her daddy to find some happiness. She just wasn't sure he would find happiness with Mrs. McArthur.

"Stay very quiet," Royce ordered as they reached the servants' entrance. In order to make sure she understood, he held his finger up to his lips, motioning for her to be quiet yet again.

Rolling her eyes, she stepped over the threshold and was immediately pushed back against the wall.

"What the-" she whispered. She would have yelled, but Royce had his hand over her mouth, shaking his head furiously from side to side.

And then someone walked right by them. Luckily they were shrouded in darkness, so they weren't discovered. In those inappropriately close quarters, Evelyn could have sworn Royce could hear her heart beating.

Her feelings were getting out of control fast. Way too fast for her liking. Granted, he was an agreeable man, but he was vain and selfish. No gentle-bred Southern girl would tie the knot with him-not if they were offered all the gold in the world. And yet ... as his piercing eyes locked with hers, she was lost again.

He seemed as eager as she to stay under their cover of darkness. He leaned toward her. A kiss was eminent, but instead she felt his hand caress her chin and then very softly brush a curl away from her face. "This way," he mouthed, releasing her from his embrace.

Suddenly, it felt frightfully cold in that house.

Evelyn followed as closely as possible as he weaved his way in and out of the kitchen area. Finally, he stopped in a small room just outside the living room and quietly shut the door behind them.

"Where are we?"

"Serving quarters," he whispered, pushing her hood back from her face. "A lot of houses have them; it makes it easier for the kitchen staff to serve if they have a waiting area to put all the food. And it has this handy little contraption." He reached up towards the wall nearest the dining room and opened a small shutter. "It's what they serve food through normally, but tonight it shall be our way of spying."

Evelyn rolled her eyes and joined him. She looked out toward the dining room and gasped when she saw her daddy and Royce's mother stride in, wine already in hand!

"I'm telling you, Nora, this wine ain't nothing like my moonshine I used to brew down on the farm."

"What in heaven is moonshine, Stuart?"

They took seats inappropriately close to one another. The servants filed out and began laying out food. Evelyn immediately tensed. What a foolish plan! Of course they would be found out! If the servants used this particular room to serve food, they were doomed!

Obviously sensing her tension, Royce whispered, "She's instructed all staff to take the night off, so she and her guest can dine alone."

"Alone? As in..."

"Alone," Royce repeated.

Evelyn snapped her head back to the dining room. Her daddy was not only drinking wine with this woman, but now he was kissing her hand! As if they had been keeping company for days, weeks even!

"I'm so glad we've been spending so much time together," Daddy said, bringing Mrs. McArthur's hand to his lips. "I just wish we didn't have to sneak around the children."

"What they don't know won't hurt them." She giggled.

"Hmm... like mother, like son," Evelyn whispered at Royce then punched him in the arm. "This is entirely your fault!"

"Can you try to be quieter? And how in the world is this my fault?"

"Because it is!"

"Sound reasoning. And tell me, Detective, what other pieces of evidence will you falsify?"

Evelyn stuck out her tongue and groaned. Her daddy was reaching for a small jar of something that looked oddly familiar.

"Oh, my very own!" Mrs. McArthur clapped her hands excitedly. "I've never had Southern moonshine before!"

Royce tapped Evelyn on the arm, his lips in a firm line. "Is your daddy trying to get my mother drunk? Because if he is, I'm putting a stop to it right now! No wonder you can drink whiskey better than any man. You've been brought up by savages! Admit it, you've had moonshine!"

Evelyn didn't have time to answer, since both their parents were now happily drinking little shots of moonshine and laughing, completely ignoring the food set in front of them.

Not that Evelyn wanted to get caught, but she couldn't stop the little cry of outrage which flew out of her lips. Royce shot her an 'I'm going to kill you' look, and then promptly tackled her to the floor as her daddy ambled over to examine the tiny window.

He inquired what it was, and then sauntered off, taking the moonshine and Mrs. McArthur with him.

"I'm going to kill him," Royce said casually, as if he were talking about buying a new pair of shoes.

"My daddy? Please! What about your mama? She was just begging for Daddy to take advantage! 'Oh, Stuart, I've never had such marvelous moonshine!' Did you see the way she was touching his arm?"

Royce's eyes looked like they were going to snap right out of his head. "Excuse me? Are you calling my mother a streetwalker?"

"Well, you're calling my daddy a lothario! It's the same thing!"

"How do you figure?" Royce's voice had risen well above a whisper.

"We're going to get caught!" Evelyn snapped, pulling him closer to her. "At least they're out having fun, not trapped in some dark room spying!"

"Fun? How can you think of fun when our parents are busy seducing one another? Oh, Lord, the things that just crossed my mind! The staff has all been given the night off. They think they're alone. And now they've gone off God knows where!"

Evelyn laughed. "Calm down! We're alone, too." The reality suddenly dawned on her. She was all alone with Royce in a dark closet. No kitchen staff to watch over them. My, but it was hot in that little room. Suddenly too aware of the virile man sitting next to her, she scooted farther away.

"Don't tell me the infamous Royce McArthur has never been stuck in a small, confined space with a woman before," she said, silently hoping he would admit this was a first for him as well.

"I... well, I..." He licked his lips as if concentrating. "I have no desire to be with anyone but you right now. I can see by the look on your face I've scared you as much as I've scared myself. Right, then. I'll just go jump out my window now. Good night!"

"Royce, sit down! First, if you jump, I'll jump. Second, I hate heights; and third, you're just scared because you're so upset about your mother. You don't truly mean the things coming out of your mouth."

"Normally, I would agree with you."

"A shock you would agree with anyone ... about anything ... ever," Evelyn murmured, donning her hood again. "I doubt you can even properly seduce a woman without putting your foot in your mouth."

"I sure hope that's a challenge."

"It is, but you can't try it on me." He stepped closer. "Because..." She looked behind her, hoping to find an escape route. "I'm not looking for a fling."

"Neither. Am. I."

Chapter Nine

And the truth was, he wasn't. Looking for a fling, that is. He was positively enamored by this sweet and beautiful woman. So enamored, in fact, he couldn't care less about their original intent on spying. All he wanted was Evelyn, everywhere. How unfortunate they weren't somewhere convenient like a bedroom, or a sitting room, or anywhere with a floor that wasn't made of cold, hard marble.

His rakish habits clearly were in need of redemption, but all he could think about was the easiest way to get her into his arms. The good news of the whole night, and possibly the solution to his problem, was his plan had worked.

She was concerned about her daddy, and he was equally concerned about his mother, but he knew her to be a tough woman who could take care of herself. It also provided him a good excuse to be with Evelyn. All he needed to know was where their parents would rendezvous next. He would take Evelyn there, and it would be another excuse to spend time with her.

Smiling, he reached around the small bar in the room and drew out a bottle of wine.

"What's that for?"

"Us," he answered, retrieving two crystal flutes. "To celebrate a night of exceptional spying."

Taking the glass he offered, she began to sip ever so daintily, then downed the whole thing. "That was good!"

"Ah, yes. This is another one of our many businesses. We make the best wine you'll ever taste. Would you like some more?"

She nodded eagerly, and he poured another glass and then sat on the floor, patting the marble for her to join him. Hopefully her beautiful bottom wouldn't get too cold from sitting on it.

"So tell me," he crooned, taking a deep sip and closing his eyes, "what do you miss?"

Evelyn met his gaze. "What do you mean?"

"Ah, you can try to hide behind that beautiful smile, and you can pretend you love it here, but I know how New York really is. It's not the adventurous South. So tell me, what do you miss?"

She let out a long sigh and put her glass on the floor next to her. "I miss the weather. Sometimes it would get so humid I could scarcely breathe, but I loved it. That and the fireflies."

"Fireflies?"

She bit her lip thoughtfully. "Yes. Tiny little bugs that light up at night. They're beautiful. I used to catch them in jars."

"Fireflies," he repeated. "Do we have them here?"

"I'm not sure. I've never looked."

"Should we go hunting for some?"

Evelyn threw him a silly smile and shrugged. "I doubt we would find any."

"But..." he pushed himself off the floor and held out his hand. "It's an adventure, is it not?"

Her gaze met his quizzically as she put her hand in his. "Yes, I guess it is."

"Excellent."

****

Two hours later they still hadn't located any fireflies, but Royce couldn't remember ever having such a wonderful time with a woman. Odd, because none of the time spent with Evelyn that night had included anything physical, unless he counted the numerous times he had tripped over rocks in his own backyard.

"I found something!" Evelyn yelled.

He ran over to her and laughed. A bunny rabbit was hopping around the tree by the garden. "I don't think we're fast enough to catch him," he said.

"You're probably not, but I am," she challenged and pushed him as she ran after the tiny animal.

Naturally, Royce felt the need to prove his manhood and run after her. Unfortunately he didn't see the giant rock near his foot and tripped, tumbling to the ground and pulling Evelyn down on top of him in the process.

He moaned in pain. "I think it got away!"

Evelyn, still on top of him, laughed. "Yes. If it weren't for your tripping, I'm convinced he would be my pet now!"

"I'll buy you a bunny, if I don't have to catch it myself!" Royce pushed the cloak from her head and tugged on a piece of stray hair. It felt like silk between his fingers. His breathing suddenly grew ragged, and he looked into her eyes.

"I'm going to kiss you now." He didn't recognize his own voice. He pulled her head closer and bestowed a quick, beautiful kiss on her pouty lips.

They were still only inches away from one another, when she whispered, "What do you miss the most?"

"About?" His arms encircled her small waist as he prayed she would stay on top of him forever. The conversation felt sweeter, more intimate that way.

"About your father."

The question took him by surprise. He didn't know how to answer. In all these years, nobody had ever asked him how he was dealing with his father's death. Everyone just assumed he was doing poorly and hadn't wanted to bother him with emotional questions. Not Evelyn.

"Everything," he choked out.

"It gets better."

And she would know. Earlier he had heard she'd lost her mother at a young age.

"It's better now," he managed to whisper as he went in for another kiss. "I'll take you home now."

She nodded and moved off him. Never had his body felt so cold and alone as when Evelyn De Jarlias withdrew from him.

This girl was different, and he wanted more than a seduction, more than to marry for his mother's wishes. He wanted a wife, for himself.

****

Evelyn walked home in a blurry haze of excitement. One minute she was chasing a rabbit; in the next she was on top of Royce alternating talking about his father and kissing.

When had she become so wanton? His kisses were addictive, much like warm chocolate or cream puffs. Once you had a taste, you never wanted to stop.

"Oh, perfect, Evelyn," she muttered to herself; comparing him to food was so like her. She shook her head. Momentarily forgetting Royce was walking right beside her, grinning from ear to ear.

"And how's the conversation with yourself going, sweetheart?"

"Fine." Evelyn smiled her sweetest and bit her nails. Then she did a mock curtsy and turned away, staring only at the sidewalk in front of her as he guided her along the street back to her home.

"Touchy."

She glared at him but decided not to satisfy his teasing with a response. Once they reached the door to her house, she braced herself against another one of his sensual barrages. In pure suspense of it all, she nearly missed a step and had to grab on to him for support. Unfortunately, the first thing her hand touched was the rock-hard muscle of his arms, making her knees grow weaker than before.

"S-s-sorry," she mumbled. She straightened her cloak and silently stepped inside.

Exhaling, she turned to close the door and came face to face with Royce. Apparently, he wasn't leaving just yet.

"One more thing." Lingering dangerously close to her lips, he caressed the side of her face and grinned. "I have to say good night."

Evelyn began to protest but was silenced by the warm invasion of his lips. Forsaking all propriety, her body curved into his. The kiss lasted all of three seconds, but was hot enough to singe the hair straight off a hog.

Royce steadied her, then flicked her chin and let himself out. It must have been at least ten minutes before the sluggish brain of hers came back full force and told her it was time to crawl into bed, lest she fall asleep standing up.

Somehow she made it into her room and fell asleep with a giant smile on her face.

Chapter Ten

"Morning," a voice interrupted Evelyn's sleep. Must have been a figment of her overactive imagination.

Stretching like a cat, she yawned and pushed herself out of bed. Her body hit something hard. She opened her eyes and gasped. Standing in front of her was Royce, fully clothed and smiling like a lion that had just caught his prey.

She felt her face heat as she realized her state of dress. "Royce McArthur! I'm barely dressed!" Seething, she sank into her bed and threw the covers over her head.

"We're going on a picnic," he announced, nonplussed by her outburst.

"I don't care!" She sunk even lower into her mattress with sheer embarrassment.

It took all the strength she had not to squeal when she felt Royce weigh down the left side of the bed as he took a seat beside her.

"Are you going to hide in there all morning? I mean, I don't mind playing hide-and-seek if the final result is I end up in your bed, but I thought you would want to know our parents have planned a full day's excursion picnicking and shopping-and, of course, they are unchaperoned."

Evelyn sighed and pulled down the covers only far enough to reveal her large eyes. Although she hated to admit it, concern etched in her voice as she spoke. "You mean they're going out two days in a row? Together?"

He nodded as he inched his hand close to where she was gripping the blankets the tightest. "Tsk, tsk, Evelyn. You won't be one of those brides who hides under the covers, will you? We can't have that."

What did he mean we? "It's February."

"Your knowledge of the calendar is astonishing! Say, do you have the months memorized?"

Evelyn groaned.

Royce laughed. "Haven't you noticed this unreasonably warm weather? I'll bet it's no colder than a brisk spring day out there. Now hurry up. We have some spying to do. I'll just wait outside. That is, unless you'd like me to stay and help?"

Evelyn was still frozen in place, but managed to move her hand and point toward the door for him to leave. Peeking around the covers she watched his beautifully dressed form walk away.

"Oh, I almost forgot." He turned around again and winked. "I love your hair that way, down and curved around your shoulders. Makes a man wish he could take a peek under that sheet."

"Out!" She threw a pillow at his head, but he had already shut the door. His laughter boomed down the hallway.

How in tarnation did he even get in her room without her maid having an apoplexy or her butler shooting him? He must have sweet-talked her maid somehow, or bought her silence with one of his devilishly handsome smiles.

"Cad," she mumbled to herself and went to the washbasin. If her father was out with Mrs. McArthur again, it could only mean one thing. He had found a woman he could possibly love. Her daddy played for keeps and wasn't the sort of man to waste his time tinkering around. When he got an idea in his head, he followed through with it. And it seemed the object of his affection and thoughts lingered on Royce's mother.

****

Royce sat at Evelyn's breakfast table and drank a cup of hot tea, letting it soothe his rattled nerves. Of course, he had seen plenty of women in bed-women dressed with French lacy things that left nothing to the imagination. Yet seeing Evelyn in her cotton nightgown was enough to send him into a frenzy, abandoning all rules of propriety and falling to his knees right then and there. The poor girl almost had him proposing before she had even opened her mouth.

Shuddering at how close he had come to ruining all his best-laid plans, he took another lingering sip and paused. Footsteps neared the room, so he straightened his jacket and rose to greet Evelyn.

"Are you better now, sweetheart?"

She paused, looked down at herself, then back at him. "Yes. I believe I am, now that I'm fully clothed and wide awake." She raised an eyebrow and poured herself some tea. "Since you've interrupted my sleep and nearly frightened me to death with your unexpected presence in my room, what exactly do you have in mind for our little spy game today?"

"I thought you'd never ask." He sipped some more tea and waited for her to sit before he explained. "They're going to have a picnic here. Then the plan, if I heard it correctly, was to attend the Worthington's Valentine Ball tonight."

Evelyn sighed. "I dislike balls."

"And I dislike wind, but it doesn't mean I sit and pout about it."

"I'm not-"

"You were, don't deny it. No pouting. Just think of it as another one of our spying adventures."

"Our adventures?"

Royce grew suddenly nervous and cleared his throat. "Yes. Well, I... I was hoping we could attend together." Long awkward pause. "As a couple. After all, this is your first Valentine's Day in New York, is it not?"

Evelyn blinked, making the silence deadly to his self-esteem. How many times had she blinked before answering?

"That would be lovely."

"Brilliant!" Royce realized he hadn't been breathing and would have probably passed out had she not answered when she did. "Shall we conclude our breakfast and find a comfortable hiding place outside whilst we wait?"

Evelyn eyed him speculatively, and then grinned. "Agreed, but..." she pointed at him, "if you touch my warm chocolate this morning, or my pastry, I'm kicking you out."

"My dear, I wouldn't dream of it. I even took the liberty of having the pastry heated up for you. Seems you took awhile to better yourself, though I must admit you looked ravishing earlier this morning. No matter. I had the cook take it back while you finished your morning rituals."

"Saints be praised," she mumbled, sipping her warm chocolate with a look of absolute ecstasy.

"Wish you would look at me like that," he muttered, reaching for his own pastry.

"Pardon?" Evelyn peered up at him, all clear-eyed and beautiful.

"Nothing." He reached for his napkin and became captivated again as she daintily ate her morning meal.

The words lovesick, ridiculous, fool, floated around in his head throughout the morning, but he didn't mind. Not with Evelyn in the room. She had a way of making everything brighter-happier. The connection with her was more than just physical. It was as if by sharing the same air, he was able to feel more like himself, something he hadn't felt since his father died.

Chapter Eleven

They sauntered to the back of the large house and sat beneath a tree hidden from the rest of the outside area, where the makeshift tent was already set up for her father and Royce's mother. They had a basket of food and a bottle of wine. Royce also insisted on bringing playing cards, so he could teach her how to play the civilized game of whist.

"Whist? However are we going to keep an eye on them, if we're playing games the entire time?" Evelyn put her hands on her hips, drawing Royce's eyes down the long slender line of her body.

"I..." He was a complete blank.

"You what?" she invited.

Royce wasn't sure what had come over him, but in the morning light with the sun beaming down on Evelyn's face, he was certain he had never seen a more beautiful woman in his life. "That is to say, I think if they try to make a run for it, we'll notice."

Evelyn seemed satisfied with his response and sat on the blanket, exhaling loudly. "So, when are they coming?"

"Right about now." Royce pointed across the lawn to both of their parents, slowly approaching hand in hand. They laughed as they settled beneath the tent and smiled sickeningly at one another whilst a servant poured wine for them.

Not wanting to be outdone, Royce pulled out his own bottle of wine and poured glasses for Evelyn and him. When he was finished, he took out a deck of cards and began shuffling. He yawned once, suddenly realizing how utterly exhausted he felt. Shaking the tiredness from his head, he rubbed his eyes and took a healthy gulp of wine.

"You're tired." Evelyn shifted towards him.

"Maybe." Shrugging, he put down his wine and leaned against the tree.

"Why don't you close your eyes for a bit? I'll keep watch."

Royce rolled his eyes. "And go down in history for the worse adventure partner ever? No, that's okay. I'll stay awake."

"Suit yourself."

****

Minutes later Royce was asleep. Evelyn watched as his eyes became gradually heavier and heavier, knowing for certain he would fall victim to sleep soon. Finally his breathing deepened and he slumped against the tree.

That was when Evelyn finally realized how tired she was as well. "Might as well close my eyes a bit," she said out loud as she glanced at her daddy's picnic. They weren't going anywhere soon. It couldn't hurt to take a little catnap. She was a light sleeper. What was the worst that could happen?

Evelyn slept so hard, she didn't even dream. A loud crash woke her from her sleep. Panicking, she looked around and noticed the servants taking down the tent. And then she heard laughter.

"'Don't worry, Royce! I'll stand guard!'" Royce's voice mocked from behind. "You stood guard, all right. Just how long did you wait after I fell asleep before you decided to take your little nap, hmm?"

Evelyn felt her face flush. "It wasn't on purpose! And you looked so peaceful, and they were just sitting there! You weren't even supposed to fall asleep, Mr. 'I don't need sleep, I am a man.'"

Royce shook his head. "We lost them, and now we have no idea where they went!"

"Course we do." Evelyn pushed off the grass. "They're going to the ball tonight, and so are we." She held out her hand to Royce and waited. He grasped it and didn't let go the entire way to the house.

Evelyn didn't want to read too much into their prolonged contact, but then again, she was already falling head over heels for the man against her better judgment. They had shared kisses but never held hands. It almost seemed more personal to her, more intimate.

Royce picked a daisy and handed it to her, causing another familiar blush to creep up her cheeks. "I will be back around half past eight tonight, my sweet. Does that suit you?" He opened the back door and ushered her inside. As she passed him, she could feel the heat radiating from his body. All she wanted in that moment was to fall backward into his arms.

"That should be just fine, although the ball isn't until nine. Why so early?"

Royce grinned wolfishly as his lips became dangerously close to hers. "That is for me to know and you to find out. I'll see myself out. Good afternoon, love." With that, he tipped his hat and marched out the door like a man on a mission.

Foolishly, Evelyn couldn't help but wonder if that certain mission had something to do with her.

****

He was going to marry her. The silly grin he had been wearing for days was still cheerfully plastered all over his face for the world to see. For the first time in his life, Royce didn't care. He had found the one woman who set his passions aflame and who wasn't afraid to give her opinion or order him about.

It was marvelous.

And she was going to be his.

Unfortunately, planning ahead had never been one of his strong suits. He knew he had limited time to purchase a ring and even more limited time to talk with Mr. De Jarlias. The sooner the better.

Rushing to the shops, he stopped when the ramifications of his actions hit him square in the chest. He was to be married. A wife! And it would be soon!

A sickening feeling erupted in his stomach, almost making him stop to relieve it of its contents. He had to tell Evelyn of his past. Granted, she probably had heard enough gossip from others to develop her own ideas; then again, she hadn't known about his two mistresses. The two mistresses whom he had seen at the same time on the same night not so long ago.

How could he have been so foolish and selfish? It was hardly an excuse, but he had been walking around in an emotional haze for the past year since his father's death. No sin of the flesh had helped him. He had always hoped it would. An idiotic idea. To think he could fill the one gaping hole in his heart that only love could heal.

Royce swallowed the knot of guilt for what he had to tell Evelyn and took a step toward the house he used to frequent the most. It was time to say goodbye to the women of his past and move on with the one holding his heart-his future.

****

Surely her life had turned into a dream! Evelyn danced around her room in fits of excitement as she thought about the night ahead of her. He had a surprise for her! Suddenly she was thankful for her daddy's wise words of not judging a book by its cover.

Lost in a flurry of joy, she ran into her room to find something suitable to wear for the Valentine's Ball. It was to be a masquerade; although she had never attended one, she heard they were wickedly fun and, at times, dangerous. Since the masks hid people's faces, it was natural those wearing the masks would become braver, doing things that otherwise, unmasked, they wouldn't dream of doing.

Upon opening her wardrobe, Evelyn suddenly realized she had nothing suitable to wear. The mask that had been purchased for her by the modiste was plain-a word she didn't feel adequately described the feelings she had at the moment. After all, it was a celebration of love, and she felt she needed something to show for it.

Royce would be back in a few hours. If she hurried, she would have time to run down to the shops to find a suitable mask and gloves to match. Hurriedly she searched for the dress with the white and black lace and made a mental note to match it with a white mask and black gloves.

Chapter Twelve

By the time Evelyn was able to reach the store, she knew she was short on time. It had taken awhile to convince her maid to let her shop on her own, and even longer to convince the driver that she was fine taking the carriage on her own. Only two hours to get back to her house and prepare. Quickly, she found what she was looking for. A beautiful white mask lay before her. It had crystals lining the slits where her eyes would be, and feathers laced the rest of the white material around her face. It was perfect.

She purchased her mask and went on to the glove shop further down the street. This particular street, although still safe, was rumored to have several whorehouses in the area. Something Evelyn was warned about by her daddy. Lucky for her, the glove store was on the edge of the street, so Evelyn wouldn't have to go all the way down to where the brothels lined up in sad rows. If her daddy hadn't warned her of such things, she would be clueless as to what the homes were used for. The only thing that gave away their identity was the obvious location.

It made her feel odd knowing so much debauchery was going on, and nobody did anything to stop it. Evelyn shrugged off the feeling and reached out to open the door, when she saw Royce coming down the stairs of a large house across the street. She was just about to yell out his name, when a scantily-clad woman ran out of the house after him, pulled him into a tight embrace from behind and abruptly ran back up the stairs.

Royce had the strangest expression of elation on his face. Maybe the woman was a relation? Or a dear friend? Though she was dressed rather...

And then with a sickening feeling Evelyn realized the location of the house. It was identical to all the rest, poorly lit, and on the same side of the street that her daddy had warned her about.

It was a whorehouse.

The man she loved, who not even an hour ago had given her all the hope in the world that he was a changed man-better than she could have imagined-was a liar.

Gloves were the last thing on her mind. Her first and foremost priority suddenly changed to escaping down the street without him seeing her. Her heart pounded along with the click clack of her heeled shoes as she hurried around the corner to her waiting carriage and driver. She climbed into the carriage without waiting for assistance, her chest heaving. She waited three full minutes before breaking into gut-wrenching sobs, ruining any chance of having a beautiful face instead of puffiness tonight at the ball.

How could he? Did she mean nothing? Was it all a game? It had seemed so real, so perfect. It didn't make sense. Was it because she was a woman of virtue? Not throwing herself at him like those other cheap women did?

It infuriated her all the more because they made her want to check her own morals and ethics. He brought out such feelings of desire she would willingly throw caution to the wind and give herself to him. Thank God she hadn't.

Her legs were trembling still when the carriage pulled up the drive to her home. A grief-stricken haze seemed to choke the breath out of her until she was certain she would pass out. The driver had to physically lift her out of the carriage and walk her up the stairs. When Evelyn reached the door to her house, she desperately tried to wipe away any evidence of the tears, lest her daddy be home and wonder what had upset his little girl.

Evelyn straightened her shoulders, and she went inside. She was immediately relieved to find nobody was around to question her emotional instability. Legs like lead, she climbed each individual stair until the door to her bedroom faced her. Still shaking, she turned the knob, walked in, slammed the door and slumped against it, allowing herself to slip to the floor, considering ways to mend her broken heart.

****

Royce hadn't realized how much his life had taken a downward spiral until he approached his past. He had always visited such establishments in the dark and slightly foxed. In the daytime, totally sober, the houses where his mistresses lived seemed like the pits of Hell itself. Had he momentarily lost his sanity to have come to a place like this seeking pleasure?

Why hadn't his mother knocked some sense into him? Pulled his own pistol on him? Refused to let him run the family businesses? He hadn't deserved her love, nor did he deserve anyone's love or forgiveness now. But Evelyn gave him strength and the desire to want more for himself. To actually want a future without the sins of the past making black marks on his and Evelyn's life together.

It was the best decision he had ever made in his life, to face the demons of his past, even if it meant facing his many sins. Which is exactly what it was. Upon entering the house, he immediately noticed the smell. Must and sin seemed to literally drip from the walls, repelling him instantly. As he continued his journey down the hall to the rooms he used to frequent most, he couldn't help but notice the women, lounging around, looking as if they had been beaten all night.

During the usual hours, the women were drinking and dressed to entice. Now looking at them, they seemed old and worn. Like they wanted to run but had nowhere to run to. Keeping his eyes downcast, he walked into the last room on the left and cleared his throat.

He repeated the same speech twice. To two different women. He apologized for his behavior. And even offered them jobs at reputable hotels where they could become maids if they so desired. Neither women said much, but Sheila in a fit of sadness ran after him and grabbed him from behind when he was just outside the establishment. He turned to face her and gave her a small embrace before leaving his past behind him.

The air suddenly smelled fresh, clean, new-he walked down the stairs with a purpose. He was going to propose to Evelyn tonight. If she would have him. And he hoped to God she would. For now, she held every piece of his mangled heart and had the capability to destroy it with her refusal.

Chapter Thirteen

When Royce reached the steps to Evelyn's home, he was as nervous as a little boy on his first day of school. By the time the irritated butler opened the door, he was certain he would throw up all the contents of his stomach. And by the time he was escorted into the sitting room, he was ready to down every last bottle of homemade moonshine in the house.

It was calling out to him. Whispering sweet promises of calming his nerves, just as he heard a feminine voice call out his name. "Royce."

He closed his eyes and savored the honeyed sound of her Southern accent. Would it be terribly rude to get married on the morrow? On Valentine's Day?

Turning as he pushed himself out of the chair, all of his nervousness hit him again, full force across the chest. It was suddenly hard to breathe. He swallowed to give himself a moment to think as he stared.

And stared.

And then stared some more.

Good thing she knew him to be one who was sometimes speechless, because at the moment he was gawking.

Her gown was fully white all the way to the floor, but tipped around the edges in black satin. As she turned to grab her gloves he was able to see the scoop of the back. He groaned. It was scandalously low. Her mask covered only half of her face, making her eyes stand out so much it hurt for him to stare directly at her.

He was an idiot to think she would say yes. Beautiful women like her married princes and titled gentlemen. They sailed to Europe and married a duke, much like his relative the Duke of Tempest. They didn't marry merchants. And they didn't marry him. A man who didn't deserve to breathe the same air as someone so pure and innocent.

"You are beautiful," he choked out as he went to take her arm. She flinched at his touch and gave a small curtsy.

"Shall we?" Without waiting for answer, she walked ahead of him until they reached the waiting carriage. The gown she was wearing shimmered in the moonlight, taking his breath away.

He was mad for her.

Getting into the carriage behind her was no easy task as his eyes were transfixed by the fullness of her form. He wanted to worship her. Surely God wouldn't mind if Royce reverently worshipped one of His finest creations?

"Are you well?" Royce bit his lip as he waited for Evelyn's response. Why were her eyes so downcast? Was she unwell again?

"I am."

Her response was clipped.

"If you're too tired, Evelyn, we can go back." He wanted to kick himself as he watched her shoulders slump even more. Something was wrong. It was probably him. Wasn't it always him? "What did you do this afternoon, love?"

"I went shopping." Licking her lips, she met his eyes.

He nodded and smiled. "Ah, yes, shopped the day of the ball. Whatever did you shop for?"

"A mask for the Valentine's Ball."

"It is a lovely mask." The tension in the carriage was awkward. Clearing his throat, he pried further. "And where else did you shop?"

"Franklins glove store, the one on the other side of town."

Something wasn't right. As the carriage rumbled to a stop it hit him.

"The glove store on the other side of town? The same glove store next to the disreputable areas? This afternoon?" Leaning in as he questioned her, he noticed Evelyn's lip quiver. She turned away and stepped out of the carriage.

"It's not what you think." Desperately Royce tried to sound reassuring, even though everything inside him screamed, "Idiot!"

Evelyn nodded and smiled as they donned their masks and walked into the great entryway. After they were properly introduced, Royce held out his arm and led her into the ballroom. Brilliant colors of red and white were littered everywhere within the ballroom. It was a romantic's dream come alive. It was supposed to be the perfect night for him and Evelyn, but instead he sensed her pulling away from him.

Evelyn tensed next to him "Maybe they'll be dancing; we should split up..."

"Don't. Evelyn, you need to know the truth. What happened. I can explain."

Pulling away from him, she said through her teeth, "I think I've seen enough to come to my own conclusions, Royce."

Insanity seeped into his brain again. Upset more at himself than at poor Evelyn, he did the only thing he knew to do. He grabbed her arm and began pulling her past shocked guests. He led her down the hall and threw open the first door he found. Luckily it was unoccupied.

"Sit." His voice was commanding.

She followed orders but still refused to meet his gaze.

"Evelyn, look at me." She shook her head and clenched her fists. "Evelyn, look at me right now. Let me explain myself, and then you can be angry. I'll even let you take my pistol if it makes you feel better."

"Do I get to point and shoot, Royce?"

He chuckled. "That's my girl. Yes, you get to point and shoot. Just try not to look so thrilled about it." He lifted a silent prayer that God would give him words. "Evelyn, I love you. I'm an idiot and a fool, and I love you. I can't imagine spending my life with anyone but you."

Tears streamed down her cheeks, but he pressed on. "I was at Madame's house today in the broad daylight, where anyone could see me, and I didn't care. Do you know why I didn't care?"

She swallowed.

"I didn't care because I don't want that life anymore. I can't even believe it was me living that life. I let my family down; I let down the woman I would one day love, and I hate myself for it. I went to let go of my past. To apologize to both women whom I've hurt. Yes, one of them ran after me, but it was only to say thank you."

His shoulders trembled as he knelt on the floor before Evelyn. "I'm the worst type of man. But you make me want to be better. Being with you makes me better. I'm better than this. I let a time of grief over my father dictate my choices. And for that I'm sorry, because it shows you my weak character. I love you, Evelyn. And..." he took another deep breath. "I want to make you my wife. Forever. I want to bind myself to you for eternity. I want to spend my life serving you rather than myself. I want to put your needs before my own. I want-"

"Shh!" Evelyn's fingers brushed his lips. They tasted of salt and ... dare he hope? Forgiveness. He did hope, for he never wanted to be the cause of her tears again.

"I love you, too."

"What?" Voice hoarse, he gazed into her eyes. "What did you say?"

"I love you-"

He didn't wait. Kissing her lips first, then her eyes, then her neck. He covered her with reckless abandon.

Royce lifted her off of the small chair and carried her to the sofa. Reluctantly he pulled back and gazed at her grief-stricken face. "I never want you to cry again. If you cry again, I might have to jump in front of a moving carriage. I cannot handle your tears."

Evelyn laughed a rich laugh and pulled him toward her. "Then you shall have to try to make me so very happy, future husband, for I would hate to see you injured by a carriage."

"Well, when I said carriage, I meant a small carriage-pulled by donkeys, not horses-so, in all honesty, I'm not sure how injured I would be. Maybe a swollen ankle you could nurse back to health with your kisses, or your body, or-"

Evelyn silenced him with a kiss. Growling, he pulled at her hair, allowing it to fall across her shoulders. "My God above, you are beautiful."

Lifting an eyebrow, she touched his face. "I hope that was said in reverence."

He rested his forehead on hers and whispered, "Oh, it was, my love. It was."

Chapter Fourteen

"I knew it! I just knew it!" Mr. De Jarlias' voice boomed into the room, nearly giving Royce a heart attack. Thanking his lucky stars that it wasn't anyone else who could easily ruin Evelyn's reputation, he let out the breath he had been holding.

Then he saw Mr. De Jarlias' face. Royce glanced down at Evelyn with new eyes and suddenly realized what it must look like. Royce on top of Evelyn. Her hair down around her shoulders, face entirely flushed and lips swollen, and naturally, Royce's hands were resting dangerously close to Evelyn's br**sts.

Perfect.

At least he had a chance at love before he was shot.

Slowly, as to prolong the time before his demise, he pushed away from the sofa and walked the plank towards Mr. De Jarlias. It was at that moment his mother walked in and gasped.

Make that two killings in one night. If it was possible to be killed twice, that is.

He opened his mouth to speak just as Mr. De Jarlias opened his.

"By all means..." Royce said, allowing him to speak.

"You must marry at once!"

"Oh." Royce looked at Evelyn and laughed. "Whatever shall we do, Evelyn?" His voice dripped with sarcasm, and he winked.

Evelyn, wide-eyed, gasped then and cried, "Are you sure, Daddy?"

"Oh, I'm sure!" Apparently Southerners could yell quite loudly.

Royce shrugged his shoulders in mock surrender. "Well then, sir, I should like to make my offer. May I have your daughter's hand in marriage? You see, well, I'm sure you can see here, it's best we get married sooner rather than later. Don't want any grandchildren out of wedlock, now do we?"

Evelyn turned an attractive shade of red. "Royce!"

Mr. De Jarlias turned the same color.

Royce grinned fiendishly.

His mother scowled. All in all, it was a normal day in the life of Royce McArthur.

"You've, you've..." Mr. De Jarlias couldn't seem to get the words out.

"Consummated?" Royce offered.

"Royce McArthur!" His mother, appalled and embarrassed, raised a hand to slap him, which he knew he deserved, but he ducked anyway.

"All of you stop this at once! Royce, I have no idea what has gotten into you. Oh well, fine. I know exactly what's gotten into you. You're insane, but you've been insane since I met you, so why should I be shocked?" Evelyn's voice was also loud but pleasing to his ears. "Daddy, I'm marrying this man because I love him. And no, we have not consummated." The scarlet flush of her face deepened at the word. "Royce, wipe that ridiculous grin off of your face before I take your pistol." His smile froze. "And how dare you come in here and accuse us of going behind your backs and being ill-behaved, when both of you..." She pointed at both parents. Royce crossed his arms and took a seat. It was a good show. "Yes! Both of you-our own parents-were going behind our backs and courting!"

"Courting?" Mrs. McArthur looked sheepishly at Mr. De Jarlias. "We've only been spending time together."

Evelyn laughed. "Drinking wine! Having picnics? Shopping?"

"Have you been spying on us?" Mr. De Jarlias interjected.

"I, uh..." Evelyn looked to Royce for help. He shook his head with a no thanks and invited them to continue with a wave of his hand. Naturally he would pay for his betrayal of Evelyn later, but this was too good to pass up.

However, when all of them began talking at once, he felt the sudden need to settle the mood before the masquerade was ruined. "Let's just be honest. I am in love with your daughter, and it seems you two..." He pointed to both parents. "Find joy in each other's company. Shall we just leave the details to ourselves and enjoy the Valentine's Ball before we ruin the night?"

All eyes were on Royce, each with mouth gaping in turn, as it slowly dawned on them that for once, Royce was the reasonable one. They all nodded, apologized, and walked out into the hall arm in arm.

"I think you'll be a good husband after all," Evelyn whispered.

"I'm shocked and appalled all at once! You had your doubts?"

Her eyes twinkled as she stopped and took his face in both hands. "No, Royce. I no longer have doubts about you. I love you with every fiber of my being."

Her kiss was deep, seductive-he wanted more. "You know, we can always go back into that room and..."

"Royce." Evelyn's voice edged with warning as she gave him a stern look.

"Or," he offered diplomatically, "we can go see what kind of meats are at the buffet table."

When her face lit up, he realized he couldn't wait to spend his life with her by his side.

Chapter Fifteen

The Worthington's Valentine's Ball had been the perfect night for Royce. It was the first time in his life he felt truly excited about the holiday. In his memory it would always serve as a reminder that love really did exist.

They were married quickly the next week, and in typical male fashion he could not wait to be alone with his wife.

As they entered the large mansion, Royce did not allow any time to be wasted. Instead, he gathered Evelyn into his arms and carried her up the stairs. He stopped at his bedroom and slammed the door behind him. Never once did his lips leave hers. Tenderly he tugged at her hair, allowing it to flow freely around her shoulders. Her soft moan encouraged him to dig his hands into the thick locks.

He chanced opening his eyes, and then wished he wouldn't have. She was precious-his-perfect. All his.

Royce still couldn't believe that Evelyn's father had agreed to the match so quickly, partly because her reputation would have been ruined, but Royce liked to think that he and Mr. De Jarlias had an understanding. The understanding being that Royce was head over heels in love with his daughter.

Possession like none he had ever experienced in his life pounded into him as his body ached to touch hers. To show her his passion-his love.

The way the firelight danced across her face nearly did him in. Grasping at her body, taking care not to break her, he lifted her onto the bed, covering her with his form as his jacket was pushed off his shoulders by her delicate hands.

Never had a woman's hands felt as warm and possessive as Evelyn's.

He prayed this moment would be sealed into his memory forever; then as she kissed innocently along his jaw he knew it would. How could something so perfect ever be lost in his memory?

"I love you," he said, voice hoarse.

Evelyn smiled. "And I love you."

Royce met her forehead with his own and closed his eyes. A soft thump was heard in the distance. "Did you hear that?"

Evelyn nodded her head and pulled back. "Someone's just outside our door, I think?"

Royce motioned for Evelyn to stand back as he opened the door to their bedroom and peered down the hall. His mother had left the entire house to them for their wedding night, which he was more than pleased about.

And then he saw someone hurry down the hall.

"Halt!" he cried, then realized that people didn't really say that anymore. Must be the excitement of being with Evelyn. Alone. At last. It was drawing him towards madness.

The person in question turned around and glared.

"Mr. De Jarlias?"

"Daddy?" Evelyn peered around the corner of the door.

"Stuart," a hushed whisper was heard at the end of the hall and than a giggle "Stuart, hurry up. We don't want to get caught."

Royce cleared his throat and glared at Mr. De Jarlias as his mother appeared through the adjoining hallway.

"Just what are your intentions with my mother, Mr. De Jarlias?" Royce's voice held a hint of humor.

Evelyn's father had the good sense to blush as he looked at Royce's mother then back at his accuser. "About that."

"You really were courting one another, weren't you?" Evelyn's eyes widened in shock as her father looked to the floor.

"Guess we have a lot to discuss later," he said, finally meeting Royce's amused gaze.

Royce pulled Evelyn into a tight hug. "Well, at least you're keeping it all in the family."

"Royce McArthur!" His mother's voice could have shattered mirrors, it was so loud.

He lifted his eyebrow sending her a silent message of "Calling the kettle black, aren't we?"

"We were just packing up something before going to..." his mother looked to Evelyn's father for help. He shrugged and let out a hearty laugh before walking over to where she stood. "I asked your mother to stay at the De Jarlias house while you two honeymooned."

"Chaperoned?" Royce asked.

His mother opened her mouth to say something. Mr. De Jarlias answered before she had the chance. "Naturally."

"Good," Royce said.

"Fine," Mr. De Jarlias barked back.

An awkward silence ensued as all guilty parties looked around. Then everyone began talking at once.

"-Must be off, early day tomorrow."

"-Let me just grab my suitcase then."

"-It is, after all, our wedding night."

And then finally, a resounding, "Good night."

As Royce shook his head and ushered Evelyn back inside the room, he heard both parents mumbling something about being chaperoned as they bounded down the stairs.

"So, I guess you want to gloat now?" Evelyn said as she sat on the bed.

"Gloat?"

"Yes. After all, you were the suspicious one. Remember, it started our entire whirlwind romance."

Royce grinned wolfishly at his wife. "And it's for that reason alone that I don't chase after our parents and give them a good talking to."

Evelyn lifted an eyebrow and brought her delicate finger to the top of her neck, drawing his eyes to the swell of her br**sts. "Would you rather stay here and have an adventure?"

"Yes," he croaked.

"Good, because I've been waiting for some time alone with you."

"Uhhuh." Her hands went to his chest as she rained kisses across his jaw.

"And you promised it would be worth my while..."

"I did." His body was pulsating with heat.

"So..." She backed away from him and immediately dropped the silk negligee from her shoulders, revealing creamy smooth skin.

To this day Royce still couldn't recall what in the blazes she had been talking about. But he didn't care. He was in love. And his wife was perfect.

