CHAPTER 1

Sophia was a female who took pride in being idolized by her fellow pure-blooded Weres.

Why shouldn't they worship her?

Not only had she managed to produce a litter of four healthy daughters during a time when the Weres were hovering on the brink of extinction, but one daughter, Darcy, had managed to mate with Styx, the King of all Vampires, while another daughter, Regan, had wed Styx's most trusted vampire guard, Jagr, and a third, Harley, had landed Salvatore as a mate, the current King of Weres.

She was literally choking on royal sons-in-law.

And if that wasn't enough, her fourth daughter, Cassandra, had been revealed as a prophet, the rarest of all creatures. Although she was currently missing, dammit to hell.

Sophia took equal pride in her reputation as being the "bitch of all bitches."

It was a reputation she'd worked hard to earn and the primary reason why she'd hesitated before she'd returned to Chicago to purchase the sprawling brick house in the chi-chi neighborhood near the shores of Lake Michigan.

She didn't want anyone thinking she'd become all mushily maternal in her old age. Okay, she might be secretly delighted that her daughter Harley was expecting her first litter of children. And there might be the teeny-tiniest desire to settle into a lair near her family.

It wasn't like she was going to sit around knitting booties.

Hell, she'd just opened a high-end strip club with the finest male Were dancers to be found in the Northern Hemisphere. Sophia's Menagerie would soon be known as the one and only destination for women of discerning taste.

Human or demon.

And of course, she'd already managed to cause a stir among her snotty neighbors.

Without undue vanity she knew she was drop-dead gorgeous.

Her hair was a curtain of pale gold satin that tumbled to the center of her back. Her face was heart-shaped with fragile features that were dominated by a pair of pure green eyes. And her slender body, which was currently attired in skintight leather pants and barely there halter top, could (and often did) stop traffic.

But it was the smoldering sexuality that heated the air around her, along with the predatory hunger in her smile that made the men trip over their tongues when she was near.

And made women detest her on sight.

The flutter over her arrival had definitely added a spice to her move to the stuck-up, overly pretentious gated community.

And earned her an enemy.

Sophia shook off the unwelcome thought as she stomped across the tiled floor of her foyer to yank open one of the double oak doors that was framed by high arched windows.

"Go away," she growled.

Ignoring her warning, the tall, raven-haired Were attired in a black Gucci suit with a white shirt and blue silk tie brushed past her.

Salvatore, King of all Weres, looked like royalty with his arrogantly handsome features and golden eyes that glowed with the power of his wolf. His hair was slicked into a short tail at his nape, and his lips curved into a sardonic smile.

"Is that any way to greet your favorite son-in-law?" he demanded, folding his arms over his chest.

Sophia planted her hands on her hips, not about to be intimidated. Salvatore might be her king, but she'd already gone above and beyond when it came to duty to her people.

She was done taking orders.

"Have you found Cassandra?" she demanded, referring to her missing daughter.

Salvatore grimaced. "Not yet."

"Then you're not my favorite son-in-law and we have nothing to discuss." She motioned her hand toward the still open door. "Ta-ta."

"Cristo, Sophia." Salvatore frowned, his Italian accent more pronounced than usual. "Why will you not be reasonable?"

It was a tediously familiar argument.

"By reasonable I assume you mean, 'Why won't I be a good girl and allow myself to be incarcerated in Styx's dungeon?' "

The king snorted. "Hardly a dungeon. I might not like the leeches, but not even you can deny Styx's lair is the finest piece of real estate in Chicago. It makes most museums look shabby."

It was true.

Styx and Darcy's lair, which was only a few miles to the north, was a sprawling mausoleum filled with acres of marble and gilt and priceless works of art.

Her own home was half the size, but as far as she was concerned it was far superior.

The long sunken living room was decorated in shades of pale gray and silver with a glass wall overlooking the pool and distant tennis courts. The kitchen was large and airy with a breakfast nook and an attached dining room. A curved double staircase led from the foyer to the master suite upstairs, which had a bed large enough to accommodate a football team and a built-in whirlpool that would make any Were purr in pleasure.

And her bathroom ... it was every woman's fantasy, with a shower that ran the entire length of one wall, while the tub was deep enough to drown in.

No way in hell was she giving up her comforts to hide in the basement of a leech.

Or at least, that was the story she'd given her daughters when they pleaded for her to join them.

And she was sticking to it.

"It's cold," she informed her unwelcome guest. "And it's crawling with bloodsuckers."

"Your daughters are all settled in."

"Good. They need your protection." She was genuinely relieved to know that Darcy and Harley and Regan were safely hidden. If only Cassandra was with them she could at last breathe easy. "I, however, do not."

"These are dangerous times, Sophia. Even for a pure-blooded Were."

She rolled her eyes.

Yeah, King of the Obvious.

There wasn't a demon alive who wasn't aware that the Dark Lord was threatening to return from his banishment and unleash all hell. Or that there were all sorts of nasties crawling out of the shadows.

Which was precisely why her daughters were currently being hidden in Styx's lair.

And why she wasn't about to put them in any further danger.

"I've been taking care of myself for centuries."

Salvatore studied her stubborn expression.

"You don't have to anymore," he said at last, his voice soft. "You have a family."

Once those words would have given her a rash. Now it made her heart warm with a strange emotion.

Hell, maybe she was getting old.

"A family is like medicine." She twisted her lips into a sardonic smile. "Best in small doses."

The golden eyes flared as his wolf prowled close to the surface.

"I'm also your king. I could make joining us an order."

Her smile widened, edged with a warning that made the large predator pale.

"And I could tell Harley about those nymph triplets that you-"

"Fine," he abruptly interrupted, headed toward the door. "Be careful."

"What danger could I be in here?"

"Trust me, evil can lurk anywhere." Salvatore paused on the wide veranda to glance toward the distant homes surrounded by their perfectly manicured grounds. "Even suburbia."

Sophia managed to hide her tiny shiver.

"Concentrate on finding Cassandra," she said. "If I need you, I'll call."

"Take care of yourself... ." Salvatore tossed her a mocking grin. "Granny."

Sophia narrowed her gaze.

Okay, she might be tickled pink that Harley was pregnant, but there was no way in hell she was putting up with "granny."

"Call me that again and the litter Harley is carrying will be the last babies you're capable of producing."

With a chuckle, Salvatore headed toward his BMW, which was parked next to her low-slung Lamborghini.

Sophia watched his departure with a faint frown.

She hadn't expected Salvatore to concede defeat so easily.

Which could only mean one thing.

This particular battle wasn't over.

Sophia's Menagerie was a two-story brick building that discreetly blended in with the more conservative businesses that lined the quiet Chicago street.

Once inside, however, there was nothing discreet about the crimson carpet and shimmering gold wallpaper. Or the Venetian chandeliers that spilled light over the padded booths that were arranged to face the low stage.

There was an atmosphere of indulgent luxury that lifted her club above all others.

Well, that and the insanely gorgeous male strippers who could send an entire audience of women into a frenzy of screaming excitement.

Entering through the back door, Sophia made her way past the dressing rooms to the main floor, a satisfied smile curling her lips as her employees scurried about, preparing for the upcoming flood of customers.

This place might be just another strip club to some people, but for her it was her tangible display of independence.

She halted a moment to appreciate the sight of Dmitri and Dominic practicing their dance routine. The twin Weres had recently immigrated from Russian and were so exquisitely handsome it was a wonder they hadn't melted Siberia.

Tall and slender with short, spiky blond hair and ice-blue eyes, they moved with the liquid grace of all pure-bloods. Combine that with the tiny fur G-strings that were the only thing covering their pale, perfect bodies ... yummy.

Then her smile twisted as she caught sight of the man standing near the edge of the stage, his hand reaching toward Dmitri. Or was it Dominic?

Troy, prince of imps, was a large, muscular man with the build of a professional wrestler and the fashion taste of a drag queen. At the moment he was attired in silver spandex pants and a see-through jade shirt that gave a nice glimpse of his broad chest.

His long, brilliant red hair flowed down his back like a river of fire and his emerald eyes danced with a wicked sense of humor that was contagious.

He was like an exotic butterfly that oozed a blatant sensuality.

"Mmm ..." he drawled as Sophia halted next to him, his gaze never wavering from the nearby dancers. "Delectable as always, my love."

Reaching out she slapped his hand. "No touching the merchandise, Troy."

The imp pouted, but, dropping his arm, he turned to face her. "But you know how I love them tall, blond, and furry."

"You love them any way you can get them."

"True." Troy ran his hands down his shirt, licking his lips. "A wise imp swims with the tide."

She snorted. Troy did a lot of swimming with the tide. Which, of course, meant that he had connections throughout the demon world.

And that was precisely why Sophia had contacted him a few days before.

"Did you bring what I asked?"

With a chuckle that should have given her ample warning, he gave a lift of his hand, motioning toward a nearby doorway.

"Don't I always deliver?"

Her lips parted, but her words were forgotten as a man stepped from the shadows.

No, not a man ... a pure-blooded Were, she quickly corrected, catching the feral scent of his wolf. And so sinfully gorgeous that he made her heart slam against her ribs.

She covertly clenched her hands as he strolled forward. What the hell was wrong with her?

Her entire life had been filled with handsome, powerful men. All of them anxious for the opportunity to impress her. Whether it was to earn the right to breed with her. Or just to enjoy a few wicked nights of pleasure.

But she couldn't recall ever feeling as if she'd just stepped off the edge of a cliff and was plummeting through thin air.

Was that why she couldn't breathe?

More than a little disturbed by her unwelcome reaction, she warily studied the stranger.

He was handsome, but it wasn't the polished elegance of her dancers.

The blue-black hair was cut short, as if he couldn't be bothered to mess with it, but the severe style only emphasized the stark male beauty of his face. His skin was the rich bronze that came from Latin heat and his eyes more black than brown.

He was taller than her, perhaps six foot, but he was thick with muscles that rippled beneath the skintight black T-shirt that was matched with a pair of black combat pants.

Ruthless.

The word whispered through her mind at the same moment his potent heat wrapped around her, inflaming her blood with a pulsing awareness she hadn't felt in decades.

"Good ... God," she muttered.

Troy cleared his throat, doing a piss-poor job of hiding his amusement.

Jackass.

"Sophia, this is Luc. Luc, Sophia." The imp waved a languid hand toward the massive Were. "Isn't he just to die for?"

Sophia's gaze clashed with the burning black gaze, her skin suddenly feeling too tight for her body.

Shit. Shit. Shit.

This Were was trouble with a capital T and the very last thing she needed.

Tilting her chin, she allowed her gaze to slowly skim over the body that begged to be licked from head to toe, deliberately allowing her lips to curl into a sneer.

Neanderthals like this were always hyperarrogant. An insult to his pride and he'd be out the door right quick and in a hurry.

"I asked for a bodyguard, not a stripper wannabe," she mocked.

The dark eyes narrowed, but instead of the chest-thumping and the fast exit she'd been hoping for, he stepped even closer, the rich scent of male musk teasing at her senses.

"Good, because I'm not into public displays." His voice slid over her like hot chocolate, smoothly decadent. "Of course, if you want a private performance you could ask me nicely."

Oh, she wasn't going there.

Not even in her mind.

"What I want is protection, not another pretty boy," she said between clenched teeth, shoving her hands against his chest as she prepared to leave.

Let Troy deal with the muscle-bound fool. She was through.

Only she wasn't.

Even as her palms slammed against his chest, his fingers captured her wrists in an unbreakable grip. At the same time he was spinning her around, jerking her until her back was pressed hard against his chest and pinning her arms across her chest.

"I know what you want," he growled, his face buried against her neck left bare by her red halter top.

She shivered, telling herself it was outrage at being manhandled and not white-hot excitement at the brush of his warm breath over skin or the feel of his body pressed so intimately against her.

"I'll let you two play." Troy chuckled, wiggling his fingers as he moved past them. "Ciao."

"Troy," she snapped in disbelief. Surely the imp didn't intend to leave her alone with this ... psychopath?

Evidently he did.

"Don't worry, I'll send you my bill," he assured her, sashaying out the door.

"Idiot," she muttered, her wolf prowling restlessly just below the surface. It wasn't angry, it was ... on edge. As if it sensed something momentous was about to happen. Which was as disturbing as the ease with which he'd captured her.

"Can we talk now?" he asked softly.

"Not until you let go of me."

"If you insist," he taunted, his lips brushing against the pounding pulse at the base of her throat before he slowly released his grip.

Holding her head high, Sophia refused to glance in his direction, instead heading across the crimson carpet.

"We'll finish this in the privacy of my office."

She sensed him fall into step behind her. "You're the boss."

"Actually, that has yet to be decided."

Despite his bulging muscles and impressive fighting skills, Luc wasn't stupid. Hell, until this moment he'd always prided himself on being the most intelligent Were in the room.

Now he had to wonder if he'd left his brain back in Miami.

Not that it was entirely his fault, he swiftly assured himself, his gaze trained on the finest ass he'd ever set eyes on as it swayed across the room. A man would have to be a saint to think clearly when face-to-face with Sophia.

Even warned of her lethal beauty, he'd been stunned by his first glance at the delicate features that looked as if she was barely out of her adolescent years and her slender body that was shown to advantage in her leather pants and tiny halter top.

He'd expected a hard, jaded female who would turn him off with her bloated conceit. Not an exquisite woman who attempted to hide her vulnerability behind a brittle shell. Or one whose emerald eyes held a haunted fear.

The man in him wanted to haul her into the nearest bed and teach her the true meaning of howling at the moon. The wolf in him wanted to toss her over his shoulder and take her to the safety of his lair.

It was his wolf's reaction that was most troubling.

Lust he could handle.

But possession?

It was addling his wits and jeopardizing his mission.

Grimly he shoved aside the disquieting thought.

He was here with a purpose. It was time to get on with it.

Following her into the private office, he reached to pull out the folded sheets of paper he'd tucked into his back pocket. His first order of business was making sure he was hired as Sophia's bodyguard.

Of course, he wouldn't say no to an invitation for a more ... intimate arrangement, a voice whispered in the back of his mind.

It would certainly make it easier to keep an eye on her.

His eye and so much more ...

His c**k hardened and with a muttered curse he turned his attention to his surroundings. Anything to keep himself from pouncing on Sophia and spreading her across the wide walnut desk.

The room was spacious with wooden shelves along one wall that held a stunning collection of priceless Faberge eggs. Across the room a marble fireplace was framed by two cream leather wing chairs that matched the low sofa beneath the window. The floor was covered by a Persian carpet. And the drapes were a soft peach velvet.

He wasn't surprised by the muted elegance of the room.

Although Sophia was currently dressed like a biker chick, she possessed an air of sophistication that was as much a part of her as the smoldering sexuality.

A lethal combination.

Directly on her tail, Luc smiled wryly as she hastily moved to put the desk between them, turning to send him a glare of frustration.

He wasn't the only one battling an unwelcome attraction.

Idiotically pleased by her reaction, he tossed the papers on the desk.

"Here."

With a frown she leaned forward, studying the papers without actually touching them. Did she fear they might bite?

"What's this?"

"My references."

She skimmed the top page, her head abruptly lifting. "Miami?"

"Fun in the sun," he murmured. "You should give it a try."

"I've been to Miami."

"Not recently," he said with absolute confidence, his gaze gliding over her milky white skin. Would it taste like cream? "I would have known if you were in my city."

"Your city?"

"Mine."

She studied him with a blatant suspicion. "If you're such a big shot in Miami, why would you want to travel to Chicago to become a hired thug?"

He shrugged. "It suits me to be out of Florida for a few weeks."

The emerald eyes hardened. "Female trouble?"

"Does it matter?" he demanded. "The imp put out the word that he was willing to pay top dollar for a seasoned bodyguard. I'm the best there is. End of story."

"No, it's not the end." She tossed his glowing references in the trash. No doubt where they belonged. He'd forged them on his way to Chicago. "I'm a long way from hiring you."

He moved to perch on the corner of the desk, folding his arms over his chest.

"What's the problem?"

"You aren't what I need."

A small smile curved his lips. She sounded ... petulant. "Do you even know what you need, Sophia?"

Her jaw tightened. "I know what I don't need. A conceited ass who pisses me off."

He battled back his wolf. Now wasn't the time to prove he was a dominant male who was worthy of her respect.

He needed Sophia to believe that she was in charge.

"The imp wouldn't have chosen me if I wasn't the best at what I do, would he?"

Her lips thinned. "There's more to being a bodyguard than just muscle and fighting skills. I need someone who can blend into the background."

"I can blend."

"Is that a joke?" She threw her hands in the air. "You look like you should be invading a small country."

He glanced down at his black T-shirt and pants. He'd deliberately left his Glock and two Uzis in the car. Of course, he had his handy-dandy S and W tucked in a holster at the small of his back.

"What exactly does that mean?"

"It means that you're not right for the job." With a lift of her chin, she rounded the desk and headed for the door. "Sorry."

With a speed that was shocking even for a pure-blooded Were, Luc reached out to snag her arm, twirling her around so she was standing between his spread legs.

They were nose to nose, electricity crackling in the air between them.

A heady combination of aggression and pure sex.

"You know what I think?" His voice was husky.

She could have broken his grip. He might be physically stronger, but she wasn't helpless. Everyone knew there was nothing more dangerous than a pissed-off female Were.

Instead she met him glare for glare.

"I don't care."

"I think you're scared."

She stiffened, her eyes glowing with emerald fire.

"Let. Go."

"You're scared because you want me."

She wanted to deny the truth of his words. He could read it on her exquisite face. But she wasn't stupid. Even if he couldn't feel her telltale shivers at his touch, or see the way her eyes dilated when they slid down his body, he could scent her arousal.

"I've wanted-and had-countless men over the years," she informed him. "Big deal."

He growled, his wolf not pleased at the thought of her with another lover.

"You've never had a man like me-" he started to assure her, abruptly freezing as he caught the flicker of light out of the corner of his eye. A scope reflecting in the sunlight. "Mierda."

Acting on pure reflex, Luc shoved Sophia to the ground and landed on top of her, covering her with his larger body.

She cursed, but before she could try to throw him off, the sound of a gunshot echoed through the room, followed by an explosion of splintering glass.

Luc remained motionless, waiting for another shot. When nothing happened, he at last pulled back to run a searching gaze over Sophia's pale face.

"Are you hurt?" he growled.

She gave a shake of her head. "No."

"Good." With one fluid motion he was on his feet and sprinting to leap through the broken window. "Stay here."

CHAPTER 2

Stay here.

The damned Were was delusional if he thought he could order her around like a pet dog, Sophia told herself, swiftly rising to her feet and following him through the shattered window.

Okay, he'd saved her life. And while it annoyed the hell out of her that she'd needed his protection, she was willing to offer her gratitude.

But that didn't mean he was going to go around snapping out commands and expecting her to obey.

Some bastard had just tried to kill her and she was going to find who the hell it was.

Then she was going to rip out their heart and feed it to the vultures.

Or at least that was the plan.

Managing to get through the window without slicing open a major artery, Sophia paused as she realized that Luc had already crossed the street and entered the three-storied brick office building.

Holy shit, he was fast.

And wicked strong.

And so gloriously, spectacularly male that he made her ache in all the right places.

Which, of course, was why she was so twitchy when he was near. And why she was so reluctant to hire him as her bodyguard.

Even if she would rather bite off her tongue than admit it.

Realizing that the gunshot had already attracted unwelcome attention, Sophia forced herself to walk at a steady pace across the street and into the building where the shooter must have taken aim at her. Humans were always so easily spooked. A few gunshots, even when they weren't the target, and they were ready to panic.

It made her long to shift and really give them something to fear.

Muttering beneath her breath at the realization that her attacker could be halfway to St. Louis by now, she pulled open the glass door and entered the empty lobby.

Cautiously she sniffed the air, catching Luc's enticing scent that blended with the humans that filled the building. But there was no hint of another demon in the area.

Could it have been a mortal who had taken a shot at her?

Puzzled, Sophia ignored the bank of elevators and pulled open the door to the stairwell. She hesitated only long enough to make certain nothing was lurking in the shadows before moving up the metal steps tucked against the wall.

She had only a second of warning before Luc was vaulting from the top floor to land directly before her.

Show-off, she silently muttered, even as her blood stirred at the grace of his movements and the power of his male body.

Then, reluctantly lifting her gaze from the impressive width of his shoulders, she met his burning black glare.

"What part of 'stay here' don't you understand?" he snapped, his voice pitched to ensure it wouldn't echo.

She slapped her hands onto her hips. "I'm the boss here and I don't take orders from you." Her expression hardened. "Or anyone."

"Surprise me," he muttered.

"What?"

"It's my job to protect you," he growled, stepping so close that his heat seared over her skin. "And if that means giving you orders then you'll obey them. Got it?"

"Why you ..."

Brushing past him, she headed up the stairs. She bypassed the second floor, knowing from the angle of the bullet currently lodged in her desk that it must have been fired from the third floor. Personally she preferred her kills to be up close and personal, but she was a trained marksman.

Continuing upward, she sensed Luc directly behind her.

Hell, she more than sensed him. The pinpricks of his anger were biting into her skin, warning that his wolf was prowling close to the surface.

A powerful wolf, she inanely acknowledged.

One that was more than a match for her own.

Trying to shake off her distraction at his proximity, Sophia halted on the top floor landing. Before she could reach for the doorknob, however, there was a faint squeak on a stair below them.

The sound had barely reached her ears when Luc had her shoved up against the wall, caging her with his larger body. At the same time there was the deafening crack of a gunshot followed by a nerve-shredding screech as a bullet pierced the thin sheet of metal exactly where they'd been standing less than a second before.

"Por Dios." Pushing back, Luc ran a searching gaze over her tense form. Once assured she was injury-free, he moved to glance over the railing. "Stay here." He turned his head back to glare at her with eyes that were more wolf than human. "This time you'll do as I say or I'll handcuff you to the door. Got it?"

Without bothering to wait for her response, the idiot was leaping down the stairs, pursuing their trigger-happy attacker with a reckless disregard for sanity, self-preservation, and the basic laws of gravity.

Not that she should bother being worried.

Luc was obviously a trained thug who probably spent a large portion of his day chasing after crazies. If he wanted to take a bullet or two to prove he was a big, strong Were, then let him.

Except he had saved her life, a tiny voice whispered in the back of her mind.

Twice.

She at least owed him a thank-you before he got himself offed, didn't she?

That was the only reason she was pacing the cramped landing instead of returning to her club and getting on with her day.

"Pain in the ass," she muttered beneath her breath, her head snapping around as Luc jogged easily up the stairs.

"Were you saying something?" he asked, a faint smile toying at the edges of his mouth.

She ran a swift gaze over his magnificent body, refusing to allow herself to linger on the rippling muscles and the broad shoulders that were displayed to perfection by the tight T-shirt.

He was unharmed.

That was all that mattered.

"Did you find the shooter?"

"Nothing." His jaw clenched with frustration. "Whoever it was managed to enter and leave the building without leaving a trace."

"A witch?"

"Impossible to say without further information." He shrugged. "I'll do a more thorough search when the building closes for the night."

She cleared her throat. "I haven't thanked you."

Expecting him to gloat, Sophia was caught off guard when he abruptly stepped forward, grasping her upper arms as he regarded her with a fierce glare.

"I don't want you to thank me, Sophia. I want you to let me do my job."

She shivered as the heat of his hands seared against her bare skin, her wolf growling in low approval.

Traitor.

"I haven't given you the job."

His eyes narrowed. "I've heard any number of rumors about you, but none of them mentioned that you were stupid."

She stiffened. Until this moment she'd never given a damn what people said about her.

Who cared if she was known as an immoral, heartless slut?

Now she scowled at the thought he might be judging her without ever knowing the truth.

"What rumors?" she growled.

"That you're the Queen of Bitches."

"True." No point in trying to deny that. Not that she wanted to. "What else?"

The dark gaze skimmed over her face. "That you're exquisite."

"Also true."

"That you were blessed with four pure-blooded daughters. An amazing gift to our people."

She lowered her gaze. Although the word of Cassie's talent of prophecy, as well as her recent disappearance, weren't state secrets, they hadn't yet become common knowledge.

The fewer people who knew, the better.

"Yes."

"And that you're a survivor," he continued, ignoring her sudden wariness. "Which was why you were smart enough to seek help when you needed it."

She lifted her head with a wry smile. "Slick."

"Skilled," he corrected, frustration still simmering in his magnificent eyes. "And unfortunately late to the party. Take me back to the beginning." His brows drew together as she hesitated. "Sophia?"

She ground her teeth. Dammit. He was a wolf on the hunt.

He wasn't going to let this go.

"I'm not really sure," she muttered.

"Something spooked you or you wouldn't have felt the need for a bodyguard."

"It's all been so ... childish."

His hands loosened their grip so he could run his fingers lightly up and down her arm, sending a series of pleasurable quakes through her body.

"Childish?"

She struggled to keep her mind on track. Not easy when her thoughts were being consumed with how quickly she could have him stripped of his clothes and pressed against the wall.

The things she could do to that fantastic body.

Mmmm.

His eyes dilated as the spice of her arousal filled the air, his body tensing with an answering hunger. With a low curse, she wrenched her mind back to the conversation.

Where were they?

Oh yeah, her murderous stalker.

She shrugged. "It started with spiteful notes left on my door."

"What did they say?"

"The usual. 'I hate you.' 'Go away, bitch.' 'Whore.' " Her lips curled in disgust. "Something a juvenile human would do."

"What else?"

"My tires slashed. A dead rat left in my swimming pool." Her gaze shifted past him to the bullet hole in the floor. A few more inches and she would have been skewered. "At least until today."

His frown deepened, his expression distracted. "Strange."

"Strange that someone tried to shoot me, or strange that they hadn't tried before?" she asked dryly.

"It usually doesn't escalate so swiftly."

She forced herself to hold his questioning gaze at his unnerving perception.

It wasn't bad enough his mere touch could make her wolf pant with need, he also had to be intelligent?

"You mean the attacks?"

"Exactly." His hands shifted so his thumbs were brushing the sensitive line of her throat, pausing over the unsteady beat of her pulse. "It's a hell of a leap from scribbling a nasty note to pulling a trigger. Most people never progress to that point. And those that do take longer than a few days to go from catty to psychotic."

"Hmmm." Her expression was noncommittal. "I see your point."

His eyes narrowed. "When did you receive your first threat?"

"A few days after I moved into my new house. Two weeks ago," she promptly answered. "I assumed it was a jealous neighbor."

"Nothing before then?"

"Lots." Her lips twisted wryly. "I am the Queen of Bitches, remember? But most of my enemies have the balls to face me, not creep around like an angst-ridden adolescent."

He gave a slow nod. "Tell me about your neighbors."

"I've only met a handful." She hadn't been particularly concerned by the lack of a welcoming committee. "Most of them are mortal. Big yawn."

"But not all?"

"No. There's a vamp who has a lair directly behind my tennis courts."

His thumbs skimmed up and down her throat with an intimacy that should have made her wolf snarl in warning. A Were's neck was considered off-limits to all but their most trusted pack mates.

Instead she battled the urge to tilt back her head and offer her tender flesh to his teeth.

Christ, what was wrong with her?

"A vamp wouldn't waste their time with notes and tire slashing," he said, his gaze following the path of his fingers, a glow deep in his eyes. "You piss one off and they go directly for the throat. Literally."

"Kirsten's barely out of her foundling years," she informed him. "She's still at the mercy of her human emotions."

He seemed to dismiss the vamp, although Sophia didn't doubt he'd tucked the info in the back of his mind.

Nothing was allowed to escape this Were's notice.

Not the most comforting thought.

"Anyone else?"

"There's a nymph down the block." Sophia grimaced. "She's always polite in public, but I sense that she has no intention of becoming my BFF."

"She might be responsible for the drive-by harassments, but nymphs aren't usually bloodthirsty."

"You haven't seen how possessive she is of her current lover." Sophia shuddered. There had been a fanatical glint in the nymph's eyes when she'd introduced her boyfriend to Sophia, her hands clinging to him with an embarrassing desperation. "It's creepy."

Luc lifted a dark brow. "Lover?"

"A cur." Curs were humans who'd been bitten instead of being born a pure-blooded Were. They were capable of shifting, but they couldn't control the shifts as a Were could, and they weren't immortal, although their lifespan was greatly increased. "Well, more or less."

"What does that mean?"

"He's been turned, I can smell it, but he's a pathetic excuse for a cur." The image of his short, pudgy body and pasty face turned Sophia's stomach. "He's an embarrassment to curs everywhere. I've never encountered such a timid creature."

He stepped forward, pressing her body against the wall. "Not your type at all."

"You know nothing of my type."

Lowering his head, he allowed his lips to brush over the racing pulse at the base of her throat.

"I know I'm it."

Hell, they both knew he was it.

She was going up in flames from a mere touch.

What would happen if he actually kissed her?

Not about to stay around and find out, she shoved her hands against his chest.

"Ugh," she muttered, marching around him and down the stairs.

It was bad enough that she'd spent the day dodging bullets. She wasn't going to make it worse by becoming another victim to Luc's fatal charm.

She had no doubt there were enough of them littering the streets of Miami.

Luc finished his sweep of the office building and was pulling his black Mercedes SL550 Roadster past the uniformed guard who was opening the gates of Sophia's neighborhood when his cell phone beeped.

A glance at the flashing ID and he grimaced, knowing he couldn't ignore the call.

Turning up the car stereo, he put the phone to his ear. There were too many demons with superior hearing to take chances.

"What's up?" he demanded, sighing at his caller's response. "Si. I'm headed back to her house now." His jaw tightened. "No, she doesn't suspect anything. Not yet. But she's too smart for me to fool for long." There was another burst of sharp words. "Yeah, I got it. I'll keep in touch."

Tossing his phone into the passenger seat, Luc parked his car at the end of the tree-lined street. Then, briefly considering the benefits of shifting, he gave a shake of his head and jogged toward Sophia's house.

He'd already called his wolf to search the office building. His human form couldn't begin to match his wolf senses, but while he was stronger than most Weres, he didn't want to waste unnecessary energy.

Not when he couldn't be certain he wouldn't need to protect Sophia.

Reaching the nearly half acre of parkland surrounding Sophia's house, he did a swift search of the grounds, including the pool house, before entering her home through the patio doors.

He'd checked through her living room, a guest bedroom, and the fully equipped gym before heading to the kitchen.

Not surprisingly, he found Sophia leaning against the marble counter, her arms folded across her chest. She would have sensed him the moment he entered her yard.

Halting in the center of the ceramic-tiled floor, Luc allowed his gaze to run over her slender body barely covered by a lacy red camisole and matching silk shorts.

He bit back a growl, his gaze lifting to the beautiful face framed by the pale golden hair.

The lust he didn't mind. What male wouldn't be hot and bothered by the sight of a gorgeous, half-naked female?

But the sense of recognition from his wolf, as if she ... belonged to him, was unnerving.

Especially when the emerald eyes were glowing with a warning that was far from welcoming.

"Do your duties include breaking and entering?"

He deliberately glanced toward the door leading from the breakfast nook onto the patio. A dew fairy could break the flimsy-ass lock.

"No, but they include an inspection of your alarm system."

She snorted. "I'm a pure-blooded Were. That's all the alarm system I need."

Scowling at her nonchalant tone, he turned back with a glare of frustration.

Dios.

Did she know how her seeming lack of concern was challenging his wolf to do whatever necessary to protect her?

"Obviously not if some lunatic has managed to wander around your place without getting caught," he growled.

"The lunatic always trespassed when I was at the club." She allowed her gaze to drift down to his heavy boots and back to his narrowed eyes. "At least until tonight."

"You need an alarm system."

She heaved a purely feminine sigh of exasperation at his stubborn expression.

"Did you find anything at the office building?"

He moved past her to open the fridge and pulled out a bottle of perfectly chilled beer. Twisting off the cap, he downed half of it in one swallow.

"I found that the secretary from the insurance claims company is staying late to burn the midnight oil with the janitor."

"Midnight oil?"

He smiled. "And that the loan officer is sleeping on the couch in his office. No doubt his wife kicked him out."

Her gaze lingered a tantalizing moment on his lips before she was visibly squaring her shoulders.

"Fascinating."

"That was just the first floor."

"Did you find any clues that might lead us to my stalker?"

"Nothing." He polished off the beer and tossed the bottle into the recycle bin. "Which means they're very, very good. Or very, very lucky."

"So you basically have jack squat?"

He ignored her taunt, moving until he could grasp the counter on either side of her hips, effectively trapping her.

He was going to get answers.

One way or another.

"Actually, I have a question."

She stiffened, her power swirling through the air. Oddly, however, she made no move to shove him away.

"Let me get this straight," she mocked instead. "You break into my house at an ungodly hour. You help yourself to my private stash of imported beer. Now, having absolutely zero information for me, you expect me to play Twenty Questions." She tilted her chin. "And, for the true cherry topper, I'm supposed to pay you a weekly wage for the privilege?"

His gaze swept down to the delectable glimpse of her br**sts beneath the red lace.

"Yeah, but I'll throw in the night of mind-blowing sex for free."

He heard her heart miss a beat, the scent of her ready response more enticing than any perfume.

Still she held herself rigid, clearly as wary as he was by the potent force of their attraction.

"What's your question?" she asked huskily.

"Tell me what you're hiding from me."

Her eyes widened before she was hastily smoothing her expression.

"Hiding?" She lifted her brow, trying to brazen her way past his question. "What the hell makes you think that I'm hiding something?"

"A pure-blooded Were doesn't hire a bodyguard just because she's being harassed."

The realization had struck him as he watched her flounce away from him in the stairwell. He'd started to halt her retreat then and there to demand an answer, but the rigid line of her spine had warned she wasn't in the mood to cooperate.

And in truth, he'd still been so cranked at being led around like a dunce by the mystery gunman that he knew he was bound to make matters worse if he tried to pry the truth from her.

Now he wasn't going to leave until he knew exactly what the hell was going on.

"My son-in-law made me promise I wouldn't kill any of my neighbors the day I moved in." She tried to hold her ground. "He didn't say I couldn't hire someone else to kill for me."

"Dammit, Sophia, I can't help you if you're not honest with me," he snapped. "Tell me."

They glared at one another, the air filled with a sizzling heat as they both fought a silent battle for dominance.

At last Sophia muttered a curse, sensing his grim determination.

"The harassment has been annoying, but I would have ignored it if I hadn't started feeling like I was being hunted," she grudgingly confessed.

"Hunted." He latched on to the revealing word. "Not followed?"

A shadow darkened her beautiful eyes. "It's been more than some pervert lurking in the bushes and peering in my window."

"Explain."

"I can't." Her sharp tone didn't entirely disguise her unease. "I just know that there's been someone shadowing my movements for the past week. And there have been"-she turned her head to glance out the window, as if hoping to hide her expression-"incidents."

"What incidents?"

"One day I was crossing the street and I was nearly run over by a car. The next day I was jogging through the park and I was attacked by a rabid pit bull. Then, two days ago, I was nearly brained by a stone urn that fell from the top of a building I was walking past."

Luc's fingers tightened on the granite counter, his wolf enraged by the mere thought of someone terrorizing this female.

His female.

When he finally got his hands on the stalker, he was going to make the coward very, very sorry.

"Why didn't you tell me this from the beginning?" he demanded, his voice thick.

She turned back to stab him with a glare. "In case you missed the memo, I've been trying to get rid of you, not give you a reason to stay."

No, he'd gotten the memo.

His brooding gaze slid down to the sensuous curve of her mouth before returning to the emerald fire burning in her eyes.

"And you thought if I discovered someone's been trying to kill you instead of just harassing you that I would be more likely to stay?"

"Of course," she said, regarding him as if he were being particularly dense. "You're an alpha."

"True."

"Which means you turn into a caveman when you think there's a damsel in distress that might need your protection." Her gaze warned him not to even try to deny the truth of her words. "I don't blame you. It's all that testosterone rotting your brain."

As if being drawn by a magnet, his gaze returned to her lips, all too easily imagining the havoc they could wreak as they moved down his body.

"It does more than rot my brain. Do you want me to demonstrate?"

CHAPTER 3

Hell, yeah.

She wanted him to demonstrate so badly she could barely breathe.

Which was exactly why she needed him gone.

Becoming involved with an alpha male was insanity under the best of circumstances.

Add in an unknown maniac trying to kill her, and her wolf's bizarre need to mark him so that every other female would know he was off-limits, and it became a recipe for disaster.

"See?" she accused as he stroked his lips over her cheek. "Caveman."

He shifted to nip the lobe of her ear. "There are benefits."

Oh ... Christ.

She could already feel the benefits. They were melting through her body, making her knees weak and her hips press with restless need against the hard thrust of his growing erection.

In a minute she was going to rip off his clothes and push him onto the ceramic tiles.

Or maybe onto the breakfast table.

She wasn't particular so long as it was hot and sweaty and lasted until she was too sated to move.

Vivid images of straddling that bronzed, perfect body had her abruptly shoving him away so she could head for the door.

"It's late, go away," she muttered, ignoring her wolf, which snarled in frustration.

She didn't truly expect him to obey her order. Luc was a Were who would do what he wanted, when he wanted. But she hadn't expected him to actually sweep her off her feet, cradling her against his magnificent chest as he headed toward the nearby stairs.

"What the hell?" she rasped.

"You're right. It's late." He smiled down at her furious expression. "You should be in bed."

A jolt of white-hot excitement speared through her.

Dammit.

She narrowed her eyes. "Do you think I won't hurt you?"

"I'm your bodyguard." With astonishing ease he carried up the curved steps and down the hall to enter her bedroom. He never paused as he crossed the silver carpet that accented the black and white decor. At last reaching the ebony slipper bed, he laid her on the white and black striped comforter and straightened to study her with a hooded gaze. "It's my duty to tuck you in."

She pushed herself into a seated position, leaning against the pile of silver pillows.

"Your duty?"

The dark eyes ran a hungry survey down the length of her body, his own body tense as he struggled to leash the desire pulsing in the air.

"There might be a bit of pleasure mixed in."

She shivered. Not only from the rough edge in his voice that warned he was holding on by a thread, but by the possessive glow in those dark eyes.

"I'm not getting rid of you, am I?" she breathed.

"Do you want to?"

"I don't like Neanderthals."

"I can be as sensitive as the next guy." His gaze shifted to the expanse of pale skin exposed by her tiny camisole. "With the proper motivation."

She could physically feel the heat of his gaze, caressing over her with a searing pleasure.

Dammit, why couldn't he be just another stunningly hot guy whom she could use and abuse and toss aside when she was done?

"You're going to try to boss me around," she accused in frustration, "telling me what I can and can't do-"

"I'm going to keep you alive," he interrupted.

"I won't be caged." She shook her head. "Not again."

She regretted the words as soon as they slipped from her lips, abruptly turning to study the original Rembrandt etchings that hung on her wall.

"Sophia." She felt the mattress dip beneath Luc's considerable weight as he perched on the edge of the bed. When she refused to acknowledge his presence, he reached to cup her cheek in his hand and tugged her to meet his searching gaze. "Talk to me."

"You've done your duty, now leave me alone," she snapped.

His thumb brushed her lower lip. "Sophia."

"What do you want?"

"I want you to tell me why you think I would try to cage you."

She gave a restless lift of her shoulder. "It's just an expression."

"It's more than that," he stubbornly insisted. "Tell me."

"Luc."

"Please."

She stilled in surprise. She'd bet her favorite Hermes handbag that this man had never said the P word more than once or twice in his very long existence.

The fact he'd lowered his pride to use it now undermined any hope of resisting his soft plea.

"You know the history of our people," she hedged, feeling dangerously vulnerable.

"That covers a lot of ground."

"For far too long we have hovered on the edge of extinction."

"Yes, but that is all about to change now that Salvatore has destroyed the demon lord," he pointed out, referring to the King of Weres' recent battle with the demon who'd been draining them of their powers for centuries. "Already our strength is returning. Even those ancient powers that have been nearly forgotten." His lips twisted into a rueful grin. "Dangerous powers."

"I suppose you're referring to Salvatore discovering that Harley is his true mate?"

He nodded. "As I said ... dangerous."

Sophia had to agree with him.

True matings between Weres had become nothing more than a distant legend until Salvatore's shocking bond with Harley. Now there were rumors of more and more purebloods becoming mated.

What would it feel like to know she was irrevocably tied to a mate?

That never again would she desire another in her bed?

She told herself that it was a horrifying thought.

And she almost believed it.

"Salvatore seems disgustingly pleased with himself, and I have to admit Harley is content."

His fingers traced the line of her jaw. "But you're still haunted by our past?"

Haunted?

It sounded dramatic, but Sophia couldn't deny it captured the memories that refused to leave her in peace.

"I was one of less than a dozen females capable of becoming pregnant," she abruptly admitted.

He stilled. "A breeder."

"Nice," she muttered, oddly offended by the term used for those rare fertile females.

"Sorry." He grimaced. "I never considered the burden you must have carried."

It had been more than a burden. Without their usual powers, the Were females had not only become increasingly infertile, but they'd lost the ability to control their shifts during their pregnancies.

It had nearly been the end of purebloods.

"When a race is trying to survive, we must all do our part," she said, doing her best to keep the lingering pain hidden.

Typically, Luc wasn't fooled.

"And we all must bear the scars," he said softly, something in his voice suggesting that he had a few unwelcome memories of his own.

"Yes."

He studied her in silence, his fingers continuing to wreak havoc with her senses as they stroked along her cheek and then tenderly tucked her hair behind her ear.

"How many children did you lose?"

She flinched at the low question. "Hundreds."

"Oh ... cara."

Her eyes lowered, unable to bear the sympathy gleaming in the dark eyes.

"I swore I was done when Salvatore convinced me to try one more time." Her gut knotted. She wanted to forget those days of being nothing more than a breeding machine, expected to try and carry a litter year after endless year. "He wanted to alter the DNA of my babies so they couldn't shift and would be more likely to carry a child to full-term."

"And spare them the pain you endured."

Her lips twisted. "That was the plan."

"And it worked." There was an unmistakable pride in his voice. "The entire Were nation celebrated your four miraculous daughters."

"Who were promptly stolen from the nursery," she reminded him, unwilling to reveal her confusion of emotions when she'd manage to produce her daughters, only to have them disappear. The anger, the dread, the overriding fear that made her emotionally distance herself from the children whom she'd never been allowed to hold in her arms. "I spent the past thirty years searching for my daughters."

"And now?"

"Now it's 'me time.' " She met his steady gaze with a stubborn tilt of her chin. "No responsibilities, no one depending on me, no one trying to control me. Got it?"

Luc got it.

He really did.

This female had spent her entire life with the fate of her people resting on her shoulders.

Was it any wonder she was so skeevy to maintain her independence?

Unfortunately she was in danger.

And even if he wasn't plagued by an ever-increasing need to protect her, he would be bound by his duty to keep her safe.

Regardless if it meant forcing her to accept his help.

And making an enemy of her in the bargain.

He hissed at the strangely painful thought, his hand shifting to trace the line of her slender throat.

"I got it, cara," he gently assured her, "but it doesn't change the fact that someone's trying to hurt you."

She made a sound of annoyance. "Which is why I hired a bodyguard."

He smiled, his wolf smug as she allowed his fingers to savor the satin skin of her neck.

It was an intimate touch that spoke of trust. And to his wolf ... possession.

"So at least you agree that I'm hired?"

"I suppose," she muttered. "God only knows what Troy would come up with next."

"Good." He ignored her blatant lack of enthusiasm. Once he was certain she was safe, he would concentrate on teaching her the pleasure of having him as her personal bodyguard. "Then tomorrow you pack a bag."

He felt her heart leap beneath his fingers. "I beg your pardon?"

"I'm taking you to Miami."

She swore, batting away his hand as her eyes glowed with a dangerous power.

"No way in hell."

He swallowed his growl at her direct challenge. It was time for reasoning with the female, not ... what had she said? Going caveman on her?

"Once I know you're out of the line of fire, I can concentrate on locating your homicidal neighbor."

"No."

"Sophia."

"No," she repeated, an edge of finality in her voice. "I just moved into this house and started my business. I'm not going to run and hide like a gutless mist sprite."

"It would only be for a few days."

"You can't know that." She held his gaze, silently warning him she wouldn't be screwed with. "It could take you weeks or even months."

His teeth clenched. "Then stay with one of your daughters until I've cleared up this mess."

"And put them in even more danger?" She shook her head. "No way."

His fingers encircled her neck, not in a threat, just an expression of frustration.

"You are ..."

"The boss."

Their gazes clashed and Luc swiftly shifted through his limited options.

He could physically force her to go to Miami. He had the brute strength and the training necessary to manhandle all but the king.

But even as the thought raced through his mind, he was dismissing it.

He knew without a doubt that turning her into his virtual prisoner, even if it was for her own good, would break something fragile inside her.

"Obstinada," he breathed, leaning down to yank off his boots.

Then, ignoring her sudden scowl, he rose from the bed to strip off his T-shirt. He had tugged off his belt and was unzipping his pants when she found her voice.

"If you're auditioning for a position at my club, I have to warn you we only take experienced dancers," she rasped.

He shrugged, pulling down his pants and kicking them aside to stand in nothing but his black satin boxers.

"If the mountain won't come to Mohammed ..."

"Then he gets kicked in his nuts?"

He stretched out on the mattress beside her, hiding a smile as he caught her covert gaze ogling his thickly muscled legs before lifting to linger on the broad expanse of his chest.

She might want him gone, but that didn't keep her from lusting after his body.

And frankly he was good with that.

For now.

"I can't protect you if I'm not close to you."

"That doesn't include sharing my bed."

"As a matter of fact it does." Lying on his back, he tucked his hands behind his head. "At least until I get a security system set up."

She bent over him, her expression hard even if she couldn't disguise the scent of her smoldering arousal.

"If you have to stay, then you can sleep in another room."

"Too far."

"Then use the chair." She pointed toward the charcoal-gray chair set next to the window. "There's an extra blanket in the closet."

"What's wrong, Sophia?" he teased. "Afraid you can't keep yourself from jumping me in my sleep?"

Unexpectedly the emerald eyes darkened, as if he'd injured her.

"Despite the rumors you claim to have heard about me, I don't spread my legs for every man who crosses my path," she said stiffly.

Dios.

Regretting his thoughtless words, he lifted himself onto his elbows, regarding her with a somber gaze.

"That was never a rumor I heard, and I wouldn't believe it if I did."

"Yeah, right."

"Sophia, I'm here to protect you." Her lips parted and he hastily pressed a finger to halt her angry words. "Hold on. I'm not going to insult your intelligence by denying that I want you." He allowed his hunger to simmer in the air, the heat stirring the satin strands of her hair. "Desperately. Or that I'm going to say 'no' when you finally accept that I'm irresistible." With an effort he leashed his aching desire, needing her to realize that she would always be safe in his care. Physically and emotionally. "But until that moment, I don't expect anything from you but your cooperation in keeping you alive."

Her expression remained suspicious. "You intend to spend the night with me and not have sex?"

Both wolf and man groaned at the mere thought of the long hours ahead, but his smile never wavered.

"I can keep our relationship platonic if you can."

It was a direct challenge.

One no wolf could back down from.

Her jaw clenched. "The boxers stay on."

His smile widened. "You're the boss."

Turning her back to him, she reached to switch off the Tiffany lamp.

"Christ, I must be out of my mind."

CHAPTER 4

It was late afternoon when Sophia woke.

Considering that dawn had already crested when she'd at last fallen asleep, it was no surprise she'd slept late.

It was, however, a surprise to realize that she was not only wrapped in Luc's strong arms, but that she'd molded herself so tightly to his body that she might as well have been a damned barnacle on the bottom of a ship.

Her head was tucked beneath his chin, her ear pressed over the steady beat of his heart, and she had one leg thrown over his hip.

Pathetic.

Sensing he was awake and well aware of her embarrassment, she tilted back her head, intending to slay him with a heated glare.

Instead she forgot how to breathe.

Holy ... shit, but he was beautiful.

Achingly, shatteringly beautiful.

Helplessly her gaze wandered over the chiseled male features that were only emphasized by his heavy morning beard and his tousled hair. The high cheekbones, the wide brow, the near-black eyes that could make a woman melt at a hundred paces.

It wasn't until his lips parted to reveal the teeth that were shockingly white against his bronzed skin that she was reminded that she wanted to punch him in his perfect nose, not ...

Other things.

Wicked, delicious other things.

"If you intended to use this side of the bed you should have said so last night," she informed him, shifting her hands from his back to press them against his chest.

He smiled at her with a lazy satisfaction. "You were the one who wanted me to be more sensitive."

"I said I didn't want you acting like a caveman," she corrected. "Besides there's nothing sensitive in groping me while I'm asleep."

His hands drifted over her hips, touching her with a familiarity that should have been offensive, not exciting.

"You were whimpering and tossing around until I at last took you in my arms," he claimed. "Once I had you tucked against me you slept like a baby."

Her lips parted to deny his ridiculous claim, only to snap shut as a vague memory flashed through her mind-a nightmare in which she was being chased through a dark forest by an unseen enemy.

Muttering her opinion of arrogant Weres who should be neutered, she shoved her way out of his arms and headed toward her bathroom.

"I need a shower."

"What about breakfast?"

"Do I look like Julia Child?" she demanded, pausing to send him a warning scowl. "Don't even think about opening this door."

He grinned, looking edible as he tucked his hands behind his head, the satin sheet falling down to reveal his wide chest and washboard abs.

"I could scrub your back."

Fiercely refusing to allow the tempting image to form in her mind, Sophia slammed the door shut and turned the lock.

Not that she thought Luc would intrude into her privacy. He might be overbearing when it came to protecting her, but he would never force himself on an unwilling woman.

Why would he?

He no doubt had an entire harem waiting for him back in Miami.

Refusing to consider why that thought made her wolf snarl, Sophia yanked off her camisole and shorts before entering her shower and turning the cold water on full blast.

A half an hour later she was dressed in a tiny yellow bikini with a matching sarong that fell to her knees tied around her slender waist. Her hair was pulled into a high ponytail and her expression was defiant.

She hadn't chosen her favorite swimsuit to make Luc forget those females she was now convinced he must have left behind. That would be downright childish, she told herself as she made her way toward the delicious aroma of frying onions, garlic, peppers, and fresh tomatoes.

It was just that she always spent a few hours by the pool before heading to her club.

Of course, if it did make his jaw drop, then she wouldn't complain.

Her cocky smile lasted until she stepped into the kitchen to catch sight of Luc standing beside the stove still dressed in nothing more than his silk boxers.

Instinctively her hand lifted to make sure no drool was dribbling down her chin.

Holy crap.

Most women would sell their souls to walk in and find this bronzed god fixing them breakfast.

Including her, she abruptly realized.

For a crazed moment she considered the pleasure of walking across the floor and wrapping her arms around his narrow waist to press herself against his back.

Then abruptly she recalled he wasn't here because he'd been mesmerized by her charm. Or even because he thought she was hot.

He was here because her life was in danger. And while she didn't doubt for a minute he would be more than happy to fulfill a few of her deepest fantasies, she would be a fool to think she would be anything but a convenient female body he was willing to use until it was time to move on.

She didn't know why the thought should make her suddenly so grumpy, but she did know her fingers itched to toss a few of her Baccarat crystal glasses.

Instead she forced a casual smile to her lips as she crossed to the breakfast nook where the table was already set, complete with fresh roses from the garden.

"Making yourself at home?" she drawled, settling on a padded wicker chair.

Efficiently plating a mound of golden scrambled eggs that he covered with his chunky tomato sauce, he crossed to set it in the center of the table. Sophia breathed deeply, catching the spicy aroma of chilies and cumin and chopped oregano.

"You should be thanking me," he murmured, taking a seat across the small table, his grin distinctly wicked. "I've had women begging on their knees for a taste of my huevos rancheros."

That wasn't the only thing they begged for, she silently acknowledged, piling her plate high with scrambled eggs before taking a sip of her freshly squeezed orange juice.

Heaven.

She glanced up to catch him watching her with an unreadable expression.

"Shouldn't you be rigging up my alarm system or something?"

"We need to talk first." He nodded toward her plate. "Eat."

She rolled her eyes at his commanding tone. "Are you going to give me a treat if I roll over and play dead?"

His lips twitched. "What do you want from me?"

"Ask me, don't order me."

"Do I get credit for not throwing you over my shoulder and hauling you back to bed?" Heat blazed in his eyes as they skimmed down her nearly naked body. "That's what my inner caveman is urging me to do. And my wolf agrees."

So did her wolf.

It didn't mind a bit of caveman.

Not when the end result was some raw, spectacular sex.

She shoveled the eggs into her mouth, barely taking time to savor the bold flavor as she cleaned her plate. Anything to distract her from the aching void between her legs that was becoming nearly unbearable.

Once finished, she pushed away her plate. It really had been delicious and she crankily wondered if there was anything that wasn't perfect about this Were.

"What do you want to discuss?"

Having polished off his own plate, Luc settled back in his chair, his arms folded across his chest.

"A party."

"Excuse me?"

"I want you to host a party."

She slowly narrowed her gaze. "What kind of party?"

He gave a sudden laugh. "Not the kind you're thinking of."

"Now you can read my mind?" she muttered, pretending the maddening image of Luc floating in her hot tub with a covey of water sprites pleasuring his naked body hadn't just flared through her mind.

He leaned forward, his hand reaching to cover hers. "I told you I'm not into public displays. Especially not when it comes to sex," he assured her in a voice filled with husky promise. "I like it mano y mano with lots of privacy and lots of time." The dark eyes flashed with sinful amusement. "And occasionally handcuffs."

"Handcuffs?" She pretended his light touch wasn't sending molten need through her veins. "Do you need restraints to acquire your dates? Or to keep them from escaping?"

He lifted her fingers to his lips. "Someday very soon I'll show you exactly what I do with them."

With a low groan she snatched her hand away. In a minute she was going to be knocking aside the table and crawling over him like a sex-starved harpy.

"So why do you want me to host a party?"

He shrugged, the amusement lingering in his eyes. "It's the most convenient way to gather all your neighbors at one time so I can question them."

"You think they'll confess to being a homicidal maniac over apple martinis?"

"It's easier to read people when they're in a group," he explained. "If I do door-to-door interviews they'll be on guard."

"No shit," she muttered, her gaze skimming over the heavy muscles of his chest.

Even dressed he would be the sort of unannounced visitor who would make her neighbors hide under their bed and call the cops.

His smile widened. "This way they'll feel more comfortable."

"And more likely to give something away?"

"That's the hope."

She had to admit it made sense, she acknowledged, rising to her feet.

As he said, her neighbors were more likely to let down their guard during the course of a party. Especially if she could score a bottle of nectar from Troy. A few drops in her guests' drinks and their inhibitions would be lowered. Perhaps not to the point of revealing their most intimate secrets, but they would be more inclined to "share."

"Fine." She cleared her throat as he straightened, his muscles rippling in the afternoon sunlight that slanted through the glass wall. "I'll send out the invitations."

"You aren't really going to serve apple martinis, are you?" he demanded, moving to stand way too close.

"How am I supposed to explain your presence?" she abruptly demanded.

"I'm your latest lover, of course."

She snorted at his ready suggestion. "You could be my brother. Or the pool boy."

His hand lifted to skim along her hairline, following the curve of her ear.

"I'm not nearly pretty enough to be the pool boy, and we don't want to shock the natives if I happen to do this in front of them."

A part of her knew a kiss was coming. She also knew she could halt it by taking a simple step backward. Instead she tilted back her head to meet his descending mouth, her lips parting in invitation to the deep, hungry kiss.

He groaned, his hands gripping her hips as their tongues tangled in a silent dance of mutual need.

An enthralling pleasure blasted through her, making her arch against his hardening c**k as her hands ran a restless path over his powerful back.

He was so deliciously warm.

And male.

Starkly, unapologetically male.

The kiss deepened as she rubbed her aching br**sts against his bare chest, her blood on fire with the need to feel him plunging deep inside her body.

As if sensing her desperate desire, his hands skimmed up the curve of her waist, cupping her br**sts to tease her sensitive ni**les with his thumbs.

She growled her approval, arching toward his insistent caresses as her hands slid beneath the satin boxers to cup the hard muscles of his perfect ass.

Laughing softly he nipped at her lower lip before whispering against her mouth.

"This isn't at all brotherly."

Busy thanking the gods that she wasn't related to this intensely sexy Were, Sophia was taken off guard as a brick was tossed through the window over the sink.

They both stiffened in shock, but Luc swiftly recovered and was immediately out of her arms and sprinting toward the French doors leading onto the back patio.

Sophia felt a brief flare of fear at the realization he was unarmed as he charged after the trespasser only to grimace as the backlash of his power sizzled through the air. Even without shifting there were few demons who could match his strength.

And if he went wolf ...

Well, she pitied anyone stupid enough to stand in his path.

Of course, a silver bullet could bring down the mightiest Were, an anxious voice whispered in the back of her mind.

A voice she hastily squashed.

Luc could take care of himself. She refused to even consider the thought of him being hurt.

Clenching her hands, she turned her attention toward the shards of glass littered across her floor.

Dammit to hell.

What was it with people busting her windows lately?

They were not only a pain in the ass to replace, but they left a mess that she was in no mood to clean.

Picking her way over the glittering shards, Sophia reached to pluck the brick from the sink, not at all surprised to find a note scribbled on the back.

"Leave or die."

Predictable. Tacky. And downright cliche.

Tossing the brick onto the countertop, she moved to retrieve a broom, sweeping up the broken glass and dumping it in the trash.

She'd just finished when Luc returned, his eyes glowing with the fury of his wolf.

"Anything?" she demanded, although she already knew the answer.

"No," he growled, his frustration thickening the air until it was difficult to breathe. "Whoever threw the brick had already taken off, and there are too many scents to pick out a specific person." His jaw knotted as he struggled to leash his emotions. "I do know it wasn't a human."

"How?"

He moved to pick up the brick, testing its weight as his gaze skimmed the words of warning.

"Unlike a demon, they would have to be standing in your yard to pitch this through the window. There's no way they could have escaped before I could catch them."

She nodded in agreement. "Then that narrows down the options."

"Not far enough."

Sensing his self-disgust, Sophia frowned. "What is it?"

"There's something off," he growled.

"Off?"

"If someone genuinely wants you dead they don't warn you," he muttered, throwing the brick into the trash.

He was right. She was trained well enough to know that the best assassin was the one who moved through the shadows and struck before their prey ever sensed the danger.

"The gunshot was genuine enough," she pointed out, sharing his confusion.

"So was the bullet."

"Yeah, the bastard ruined my desk."

"I went back to dig it out." His expression was grim. "It was silver."

She shivered. "I suppose crazy doesn't always make sense."

He looked like he wanted to bite something.

Hard.

"What are your plans for the day?" he abruptly demanded.

She shrugged. "A few hours by the pool and then off to the club."

"I'm calling a security firm to install your alarm system." He prowled toward the door. "Don't leave without me."

Ignoring the crowd of drunken females who screeched in wild abandon at the male Were gyrating on the stage, Luc leaned against the carved oak bar and sipped his Cognac.

No one would blame him for being in a foul mood.

Not only was he no closer to discovering who was trying to harm Sophia, but he was so tormented by his raging lust he could barely think.

Mierda.

This was supposed to be a simple job.

Get in, fix the problem, and get out.

That's what he did.

He fixed problems.

But from the instant he'd caught sight of Sophia, the job had gone from simple to simply insane.

Proving his point, his gaze skimmed over the mingling crowd, landing with unerring accuracy on the golden-haired female who was responsible for his current discomfort.

She looked exquisitely elegant in a silky ivory pantsuit.

The jacket was perfectly tailored to her slender frame, the plunging vee neckline revealing the lush curve of her br**sts. The pants clung to her long legs before flaring above a pair of three-inch heels.

Her pale hair was pulled into a smooth knot at the back of her head, the style perfectly designed to rouse his wolf into a near frenzy as he pictured his lips and teeth nuzzling down the length of her neck.

Wondering what she would do if he tossed her over his shoulder and headed for her office, Luc's pleasant imaginings were interrupted as he watched a red-haired imp move to stand beside Sophia.

The tall fey looked a bit like Troy, but his hair was cut short and his far more bulky frame was covered by a black Armani suit instead of spandex. A smile touched his handsome face as he bent down to whisper something in Sophia's ear.

A growl trickled from Luc's throat as his fingers clutched the glass he was holding until it shattered.

Ignoring the Cognac that spilled over his hand, Luc prowled forward, his gaze locked on the fey who appeared unaware he was toying with death.

The crowd parted before him, the females giving tiny gasps of nervous excitement as they avidly watched him cross the room. He was indifferent to the stir of interest caused by his tight T-shirt and black slacks and the fluid grace of his movements.

He had only one thought in his mind.

Halting directly behind Sophia, he reached around her just as the fey was intending to take her hand. He grabbed the fool's wrist, barely repressing his urge to crush the bones beneath his fingers.

"Touch her and I'll make certain you never use that hand again," he warned, his voice thick with his wolf.

"Shit." Pale green eyes widened as the imp regarded him with a startled alarm. "Who the hell are you?"

"Luc."

"You work here?"

Releasing his grip on the imp, Luc wrapped his arm possessively around Sophia's waist, his chin resting on the top of her head.

"My only job is pleasing Sophia."

Holding herself rigid, Sophia covered his hand with hers, covertly allowing her claws to dig into his flesh.

A tiny warning that she wasn't pleased by his public claim.

"We'll finish our discussion tomorrow, Andrew," she smoothly promised the wary imp. "My office?"

"Four o'clock," the fey murmured, cautiously waiting for Luc's tiny nod of agreement before backing away and disappearing into the crowd.

Smart imp.

He obviously had enough sense not to piss off a Were. Especially not one in heat.

Of course, a female Were was equally perilous.

Tugging out of his grasp, Sophia turned to stab him with a furious glare.

"Are you demented?" she hissed.

"Odd." His lips twisted. "That question has been running through my mind with growing frequency." He nodded toward the fleeing imp. "Who was that?"

"My liquor distributor, who was giving me a very sweet deal until you came stomping over here like Conan the Barbarian," she rasped. "What were you doing?"

Ah, now that was a loaded question.

For the past centuries Weres hadn't been jealous creatures. The overriding need to produce children had destroyed the instinct to find that one special companion.

Was it any wonder he was as baffled as Sophia by his urgent desire to make certain that every male in Chicago understood this woman was his property?

"Have you considered the fact that you opened this club at the same time you moved into your new house?" he hastily improvised.

"So?"

He waved a hand toward the stage where yet another overly pretty Were was stripping off his clothes.

"So your mysterious stalker might be someone you met here."

Her lips tightened, but it was obvious that she was considering his words.

"And how does pounding your chest and publicly branding me as your latest bimbo help?"

His brows lifted. "Bimbo?"

"Don't push me."

He shrugged. "Now everyone knows they have to go through me to get to you."

"Great." She didn't appear particularly pleased by his logic. "What if they decide to lie low until you leave? Then I'm back to where I started."

"But I'm not leaving," he assured her, moving forward to trace the line of her stubborn jaw. "Not until I'm absolutely certain you're safe."

Perhaps sensing that nothing short of death was going to pry him from her side, she heaved a sigh, her gaze shifting to the horde of females who were studying him with a rapt attention that was intended to be reserved for the entertainment.

"So much for blending in," she gave in with a sour frown.

He smiled, his finger lowering to follow the plunging neckline of her silk jacket.

"You were right to begin with," he murmured, his voice thickening as she gave a small shiver of pleasure. "I don't blend."

CHAPTER 5

The human caterers had arrived precisely at eight to transform the back patio into the predictable cliche of an oriental paradise.

Paper lanterns were glowing near the pool. Black and red tablecloths covered the long buffet tables that were lined with platters of sushi. And cheesy silk fans had been placed on every chair to be given as party favors.

Not Sophia's usual style.

She preferred champagne and caviar.

But considering one of her guests was quite likely trying to kill her, this was as good as it was going to get.

She did, however, manage to get her hands on the nectar she needed, and liberally dousing the drinks of the nymph and her cur lover, as well the vampire, she'd done her best to ensure that the party wasn't a complete flop.

Not that it was necessary, she sourly acknowledged, watching the flock of women fluttering around Luc like bees to honey.

But then, why wouldn't they flutter?

He looked like a bronzed god stretched on a lounge chair beside the pool wearing nothing more than a black Speedo that left nothing to the imagination.

The half dozen female mortals were so enthralled by the sight they were actually kneeling next to the chaise, as if they were worshipping him, while the dark-haired vampire with brown eyes and pale, pale skin had planted her ass on the edge of the chair, leaning forward as if afraid that Luc had missed the pair of boobs she had barely covered in a scarlet bikini.

Whose stupid idea was it to make this a pool party? she wondered in disgust.

Oh yeah, hers.

And why?

Because of the damned Were who had spent the past four days practically ignoring her.

Standing near the French doors that led to her kitchen, Sophia heaved out a frustrated sigh.

She supposed she should be pleased.

Hadn't she made it clear she had no intention in sharing her bed? Or her body?

But after the alarm system had been professionally installed, and Luc had moved into the guest room down the hall, she hadn't been nearly so relieved as she should have been. And she'd been even less relieved when he began disappearing for hours on end, popping in and out without warning.

Was he hunting for her mysterious stalker? Or had the fact that there hadn't been any more attacks given him the excuse to find another woman to ease his lust?

She told herself she didn't give a damn even as she'd abruptly decided to hold the party by the pool. Why not show off her new hot pink Dolce and Gabbana bikini? But even as she sent out the invitations she'd suspected that her reasons were a lot less about vanity and a lot more about Luc.

Stupid werewolf.

Sipping her apple martini while she imagined the pleasure of shifting so she could more easily rip out the throats of the twits paying homage to the man driving her nuts, Sophia abruptly caught a whiff of an approaching nymph.

Turning her head, she watched the auburn-haired woman with smoke-gray eyes halt at her side.

Victoria was lushly curved like most nymphs and at the moment was displaying those curves to full advantage in a black strapless one-piece swimsuit that was cut down to her navel.

The female smiled as her gaze shifted toward Luc. "You never mentioned that you had a lover."

Sophia barely swallowed her snarl.

Get it together, Sophia, she silently chided herself.

The opportunity to question this female was precisely why she'd agreed to hold this stupid party.

"My private relations are just that... ." She pinned a cold smile to her lips. "Private."

"If you wanted privacy then you should never have moved into this neighborhood," the nymph drawled. "We are incurably curious and far more interested in one another's lives than our own."

"Isn't that a little pathetic?"

"Perhaps." A sly expression crossed the nymph's pretty face. "Of course, I do understand your reluctance to share. He's yummy."

"Obviously you're not the only one who thinks so," Sophia snapped as Kirsten ran a provocative finger down Luc's bare chest.

Victoria wrinkled her nose. "That vampire should be staked and left for the sun."

Sophia was thinking more along the lines of ripping off her head.

Quick and easy.

"Not a big Kirsten fan?" she instead forced herself to ask.

"She's a whore."

Sophia lifted a brow at the sharp edge in Victoria's voice. "Don't hold back. Tell me how you really feel."

"She pretends she has no interest in my Morton, but I've seen how she sniffs at him when he's near."

"She's still a foundling, no doubt she sniffs everything with warm blood."

"Really?" The nymph sent Sophia a mocking smile. "Then you don't mind that she's currently latched on to Luc?"

"Of course not." It was a miracle that the words didn't choke her. "I trust Luc."

Victoria snorted. "Don't lie. You want to toss the bitch into the barbeque pit and watch her go up in flames."

Sophia hastily squelched the delicious image.

Focus, Sophia. Focus.

"If I do decide I need to defend my territory, I'll confront her directly." She narrowed her gaze. "I have no tolerance for creatures who attack anonymously."

The nymph paled, hastily backing away. "I don't know what you mean."

Sophia rolled her eyes. The stupid female might as well have tattooed "guilty" across her forehead.

Grasping her upper arm, Sophia yanked her to a halt. "Don't run away, Victoria. We have so much to discuss."

"Please," the nymph pleaded. "Don't hurt me."

"That all depends on you," she growled. "Confess and I won't kill you here and now."

The silver eyes shimmered with terrified tears. "How did you know it was me?"

"I'm a pure-blooded Were."

Victoria frowned at Sophia's deliberately vague response. "The witch promised me that the amulet would disguise my scent completely."

A disguise amulet.

That's how the woman had waltzed into her yard without leaving a trail.

"Why?" Sophia demanded.

"You know why."

It was Sophia's turn to frown, her gaze moving toward the short, stocky male cur built like a fireplug. He had brown hair and pale eyes with unremarkable features.

"You can't possibly imagine I would be interested in Morton?"

Victoria sucked in an offended breath. "He's perfect. Why wouldn't you want him?"

Where to start?

Sophia picked the first one that came to mind. "He's a cur."

"So?"

"So Weres and curs don't mix," Sophia snapped. "Now tell me why you've been harassing me."

The nymph licked her lips. "I ..."

"What?"

"I didn't like how Morton watched you when he thought I wasn't looking."

Sophia swore. "So you thought you could badger me into leaving?"

"It was worth a shot." The nymph shrugged. "I couldn't physically force you to leave."

"And when that didn't work?" Sophia pressed.

"I don't understand."

"Did you decide on a more permanent solution?"

There was a stunned silence before Victoria at last gave a slow shake of her head.

"Permanent?"

"Running me over in your car?" Sophia suggested sweetly. "Releasing a rabid pit bull to attack me?"

Victoria lost another layer of color. "I'm in love, not insane."

"Not much difference," Sophia muttered.

"Perhaps not, but I know that none of those things would actually kill you," Victoria said. "Only piss you off."

Her words teased at the edge of Sophia's mind, but for the moment she was too preoccupied to sort through the sensation that she should be disturbed by the comment.

"A silver bullet through the heart would be lethal," she pointed out.

The nymph held up pleading hands. "Look, I left a few notes, a dead rat, and slashed your tires."

"The brick through my window?"

"Yes, the brick," she admitted. "I'll pay for the damages if that's what you want."

Sophia gave the spiteful female a small shake before shoving her away in disgust.

"What I want is for you to leave me the hell alone."

"You got it." Victoria visibly struggled to regain her composure, smoothing her shaking hands over her hair as her gaze shifted to Luc. "I think it's obvious to everyone in the neighborhood that you're taken."

Sophia stiffened. "I'm not 'taken.' "

"No? I doubt the Were would agree. The way he looks at you ..." She gave a tiny giggle. "It gives me the shivers."

Sophia followed the nymph's gaze, finding Luc staring at her with a heat that made the very air sizzle.

Shivers? Her entire body trembled.

"He's an alpha," she lamely retorted.

"It has nothing to do with him being an alpha and everything to do with him being a man." Victoria heaved a feminine sigh of pleasure. "And what a man he is."

Sophia's power made the nymph's hair stir in warning. "I thought you were desperately in love with your cur?"

"I am, but I'm not blind." Not entirely suicidal, the female returned her attention to Sophia. "Take my advice and lock him away before some tart tries to steal him."

Sophia clenched her hands, her gaze still locked with Luc as she absently considered the logistics of holding such a powerful beast captive.

Preferably in her bed.

Luc was a typical male Were.

Warm-blooded, fully functioning, and possessing a fine appreciation for the opposite sex.

Tonight, however, he had to clench his teeth against the soft female hands that took every opportunity to touch his exposed skin and the plethora of boobs waggled beneath his nose.

There was only one woman he wanted touching his body or offering him the temptation of her firm, delectable br**sts.

The knowledge should have sent him howling into the night in terror.

But if the past few days had taught him nothing else, it was that it was far too late to avoid his obsessive need for Sophia.

Even when he was miles away from Chicago she consumed his thoughts, the overriding need to return to her side a nagging ache that couldn't be denied. And when she was near ...

Dios.

Pretending indifference to disguise his acute awareness of the female Were, not to mention his savage need to haul her nearly naked body away from the gawking male guests, Luc covertly monitored her every movement.

Which was why he knew the second the nymph approached her.

Tensing, he battled back his instinct to rush to Sophia's side. He didn't have to overhear their words to know that Sophia was in charge of the heated exchange, or to suspect that she was managing to bully information from the nymph.

A fact confirmed when Victoria crossed the terrace to grasp her lover's arm and with nervous glances toward Sophia urged him across the lawn toward the side gate.

Clearly, Sophia was more than capable of holding her own. At least when the enemy was face-to-face.

But when she turned to enter the house through the French doors, without so much as a glance in his direction, he could no longer deny his primitive male urges.

Nothing like the sight of his prey attempting to escape to send a predator into a frenzy.

Nearly bowling down the gaggle of females leaning against his lounge chair, Luc was on his feet and following in Sophia's wake. He didn't give a damn about the cries of protest. The only thing that mattered was getting to the female who had him so twisted in knots he couldn't think straight.

He caught up with her as she crossed the shadowed kitchen, moving with a burst of speed to block her path.

"What did you discover?" he demanded.

She came to a grudging halt, her hands on her hips. "How do you know I discovered anything?"

"You were looking very chummy with the nymph. I doubt you were exchanging recipes."

Emerald fire sparked in her eyes. "Is that an insult of my cooking abilities?"

His lips twitched as he recalled coming home last evening to find Sophia waiting for him at the table, her expectant expression revealing her pride in the hideous creation steaming on his plate.

It was a testament to his devotion to her that he'd managed to choke down more than two spoonfuls.

"Cara, I've eaten raw slug demons that tasted better than your meat loaf."

Her power slammed into him, nearly sending him reeling backwards.

"It was salmon loaf, and since I never wanted to cook for you in the first place I hope it gives you food poisoning."

"I think it very nearly did." He did a hasty sidestep as she attempted to circle past him. "Where are you going?"

Her jaw tightened. "To bed."

He hissed, his body reacting with violent excitement to her simple statement.

It wasn't helping matters that he'd spent the past four hours imagining how easy it would be to slice through the strings holding together her tiny excuse for a swimsuit.

Suddenly his Speedo was painfully tight.

"At this hour?"

"I'm tired."

Tired? Mierda. He had never felt more juiced in his life. As if his entire body was buzzing with electric anticipation.

He stepped closer, his wolf relishing the warm scent of woman and power.

Until Sophia he'd never noticed whether a female could match his strength. So long as she was attractive and intelligent enough to hold his interest outside of bed he considered it a good relationship.

Now, he found his wolf preening at the knowledge this female was capable of holding her own.

Even against him.

His fingers lifted to grasp a strand of pale gold hair, savoring the feel of the silky softness.

"You still have guests."

"They aren't waiting around for my company," she said, the bite in her voice unmistakable. "Just try to keep the noise down. We don't want to be busted by the neighborhood watch."

A slow, wicked smile curved his lips. "Why, Sophia. Are you jealous?"

Holding herself rigid, she met his teasing gaze. "I'm a Were."

"And?"

"And we don't get jealous."

His humorless laugh echoed through the kitchen. "If that were true then I wouldn't have waited outside your club for that damned imp to show up just so I could make it clear he wasn't to so much as smile at you during your meeting."

She blinked in surprise at his blunt confession. As she should. He'd felt like a dork waiting for the imp to make his scheduled appointment with Sophia and then accosting him as if he were some lethal assassin instead of a harmless liquor distributor.

Of course that didn't stop him.

He'd been compelled to make sure the fey understood that Sophia belonged to him.

"I wondered why Andrew looked like he'd just swallowed his tongue," she muttered.

"He was lucky he still had a tongue after I watched him whispering sweet nothings in your ear," he said dryly.

She sniffed, folding her arms over her chest. "At least he wasn't groping me like an octopus."

Ah. She was jealous.

Thank God.

"Are you referring to Kirsten?" he asked in an overly innocent tone.

Her eyes narrowed. "I've never cared for cold-blooded leeches, but to each his own I guess."

"My thoughts exactly."

Not giving her time to react, Luc scooped Sophia off her feet and headed out of the kitchen.

"What are you doing?"

She frowned, but astonishingly she made no effort to struggle out of his grasp. Or even to rip out his throat.

Progress.

"We need to talk."

"Then talk," she muttered.

He crossed the foyer and easily jogged up the curved staircase, using the excuse to press her tight against his chest.

"In private."

"What about your groupies?"

"They'll eventually find easier game." He held her petulant gaze, not bothering to hide his smoldering desire. "This one's already been bagged and tagged."

She licked her lips as he stepped into her bedroom and kicked shut the door behind them.

"Luc."

Still holding her gaze, which was now wary, he gently set her on her feet in the middle of the room, his hands resting on her nicely rounded hips.

"We won't be interrupted here."

She arched a brow. "And that's the only reason you chose my bedroom?"

His grip tightened on her hips, his already hardened c**k throbbing with an eager plea for attention, but with an effort he forced himself to concentrate on business before pleasure.

Later ...

Oh, the things he intended to do.

"Tell me what you learned from the nymph."

Her lips thinned at his commanding tone, but she wasn't a fool. She had to sense he was hanging on by a thread.

As if his raging erection didn't give it away.

"She was the one harassing me."

"You're sure?"

"She's not the brightest bulb," she said dryly. "With a little prompting she confessed to writing the notes and leaving dead animals and slashing my tires. Oh, and throwing the brick through my window." She made a sound of disgust. "Bitch."

He nodded. He'd pegged the nymph for the childish pranks, but it was nice to have it confirmed.

"And the attempts on your life?"

"She was clueless."

"You believe her?"

"Yes." She nodded without hesitation. "She might be a flake, but she's not bloodthirsty enough to try to kill me."

"So there are two separate enemies." Luc felt a piece of the aggravating puzzle slide into place. It wasn't that the harassment was escalating. It was that they were traveling separate paths. "One mystery solved."

She tilted back her head to regard him with a lift of her brows.

"What about you?"

"Me?"

"You were the one who insisted that I host this ridiculous shindig," she tartly reminded him. "Did you learn anything besides Cindy's bust size?"

"Cindy?"

"The mortal who was worshipping at your feet."

"Ah." He allowed his fingers to trail over her lower back, male enough to enjoy her pique. "Was she the brunette or the redhead? They all start to look alike."

"You ..."

He pressed a finger to her lips, halting her furious words. "I've started the process."

She shook off his hand, her eyes narrowing. "What the hell does that mean?"

He reached into the side of his Speedo to pull out a small key.

"This."

She snorted, unimpressed. "A key?"

"I lifted it from Kirsten when she was trying to stick her tongue down my throat," he explained.

If looks could kill, he'd be dead on the spot.

"And why would you need her key?" she managed to ask between gritted teeth.

She was beautiful when she was jealous, he decided.

Eyes glowing with emerald fire. Her hands clenched. Her br**sts heaving as she struggled against her wolf.

Of course, she would be even more beautiful stretched across the nearby bed, her body softened with pleasure and her legs spread in invitation, he acknowledged.

His hands brushed up and over her bare shoulders. "Once it's daylight I intend to search her lair."

"She couldn't have shot at me." Her voice became husky as his fingers followed the plunging neckline of her bikini top. "The sun was out."

"She could have an accomplice," he said, already having considered the fact that the vampire could be using a less-flammable partner to throw them off track.

"Hmmm."

She tried to sound skeptical, but he didn't miss her tiny gasp of pleasure as his fingers slipped beneath the fabric of her swimsuit to find her ni**les already beaded in anticipation.

Subtly he nudged her backward, herding her toward the bed that had featured in a hundred fantasies over the past four nights.

"After that I have a date with Morton."

Her lips curled into a mocking smile. "Is there something you want to share with me?"

With an impatient motion, he yanked off the tiny top, cupping her swollen br**sts with a gentle reverence.

"A golf date."

She groaned, her hands reaching to grasp his shoulders. As if she was having difficulty standing.

He knew the feeling.

"You play golf?"

"How hard can it be?" he muttered, distracted by the spectacular sight of her rosy ni**les that quite literally begged for his kiss.

"Fine." She cleared her throat. "If that's all."

Grasping her by the waist, he lifted her just high enough to toss her into the middle of the vast bed.

"Not nearly."

CHAPTER 6

Sophia shuddered, lifting herself on her elbows to regard the man standing over her like an ancient conqueror.

She should be pissed.

How many times had she warned him not to act like a caveman?

And yet, she'd not only allowed him to drag her to her bedroom, but she hadn't made so much as a peep when he'd ripped off her top and tossed her onto the bed like she was some sort of spoils of war.

Perhaps it was because she was so damned consumed by her cravings she couldn't think of anything but getting that hard, bronzed body on top of her.

Sucking in a deep breath, she struggled to regain command of the encounter that was swiftly escalating out of control.

"Have you been sneaking into the nectar?" she husked.

The dark eyes shimmered like polished ebony in the moonlight, his hands not quite steady as they tugged off his tiny Speedos.

"I don't need nectar to be on fire for you," he growled, his massive erection growing even larger as she studied it with an avid gaze. "These past nights have been unbearable."

Her heart stopped beating as he sprawled on the bed next to her, the heat of his naked body like a furnace.

"This is a very bad idea."

"Not as bad as denying what we both want." His wolf glowed in his eyes as he reached for her hand, pressing it against his arousal. "Feel what you do to me."

"Luc."

Unable to deny temptation, she wrapped her fingers around his shaft, exploring down to the heavy testicles before slowly skimming back up to find the broad tip that was already damp with his seed.

"Dios." He shuddered, exposing a claw to slice through the string holding her swimsuit bottom together. She parted her lips to protest the destruction of her expensive clothing, only to have a groan escape as he spread his palm over her bare ass, his fingers squeezing her flesh in promise of pleasure to come. "Hour after hour I lay in my bed, hearing you pace the floor while the scent of your desire filled the air." He peered deep into her eyes. "Do you know what it cost me not to come to you? Not to ease your need?"

She knew the torment of having him so near and yet too frightened to admit her growing desperation for him.

"Then why didn't you?"

His hand stroked up her back, cupping the nape in a gesture of comfort.

"My first priority is keeping you safe," he reminded her, a thin layer of sweat forming on his brow as she gave his c**k a slow pump. "I can't do that if you don't trust me."

"And that's why you haven't tried to seduce me?"

He gave a strangled chuckle. "That and I feared you might slice my balls off."

Smart, smart Were.

He knew precisely what to say.

And how to touch, she acknowledged as his fingers moved from her nape to trace the line of her throat.

"Why tonight?"

"I'd like to tell myself it's because you have come to accept I only want what's best for you, but the truth is that I'm not a saint," he confessed, the rasp of his breath filling the air. "I need you so badly I'm not sure I can survive another night without you."

Without warning his hands shifted to grasp her hips, rolling her until she was lodged on top of him. Pleasure jolted through her as her already damp flesh was pressed to his thick cock.

"Holy hell," she moaned.

"Tell me you want this, Sophia."

She glanced down at his impossibly handsome face that was hard with barely leashed passion.

She'd fought this moment for so long. Ever since he'd walked into Sophia's Menagerie.

Only now, however, did she realize that it wasn't her fear of being used to simply pass the time that had made her wary of allowing him into her bed.

But something much darker and far more dangerous.

Something that she couldn't fight any longer.

"I want this," she whispered.

His hands skimmed to cup her br**sts, studying her with the measuring gaze of a wolf.

She didn't know what he was searching for, but she sensed that it was important.

"Tell me that you want me," he prodded, rolling her tender nipple between his thumb and finger.

Oh ... God.

"I want you," she breathed.

"Luc." His voice was thick with need. "Say my name."

"Luc."

"Now let me taste you."

She planted her hands on either side of his head, lowering her body until he could plant an openmouthed kiss at the base of her shoulder. She shuddered, rubbing against his hard erection as his tongue ran a wet path along the line of her collarbone.

He clamped his hands on her hips, holding her tight against him while refusing her the relief of moving.

"You aren't going to regret this in the morning, are you?"

She gave a husky chuckle as she turned her head to stroke her lips along his jaw, delighting in the rough scrape of his whiskers. She didn't doubt he had to shave more than once a day to look civilized.

The thought was oddly erotic.

"Will you?"

He hissed in pleasure. "No, but I don't want to be kicked to the curb because you blame me for taking advantage."

"No one takes advantage of me." She nipped his bottom lip. "And I'm not a silly juvenile who doesn't know what she wants from one minute to the next. I'm a full-grown Were and I want you."

A moan was wrenched from his throat as his lips traveled over the curve of her breast, at last latching on to her aching nipple.

Her eyes squeezed shut as a raw, savage pleasure raced through her.

"Oh ... God, yes."

"You like that?"

Like it?

Hell, she accused him of being a caveman, but her urges in this moment couldn't be more primitive.

Give her a club and she'd make sure this man never left her bed.

"It's perfect," she whispered.

"You're perfect."

"You wouldn't say that if you'd seen me during a full moon," she teased with a small sigh. "I earn my title of Queen of Bitches."

"I like that you're a bitch." His mouth tormented her nipple, lapping and nipping until her fingers dug into his shoulders. "And that you're not afraid to speak your mind. And that you'll kick ass when necessary."

She shuddered, his soft words as much an aphrodisiac as his skillful touch.

Gods, she was on fire.

After waiting for so long to ease this burning ache, she had planned to enjoy a slow, mind-numbing seduction, but the pagan need to have him buried deep inside her was rapidly reaching a critical level.

As if sensing she was tumbling out of control, Luc pulled back to study her with a gaze that sent tiny tremors down her spine.

It was a gaze that spoke of need and yearning and ... possession.

Lifting his hands, he framed her face in his hands, pulling her down to kiss her with an aching sweetness. Sophia sighed. She didn't know what she had done for fate to have dropped this delectable man into her arms, but she intended to savor every moment he remained with her.

Her hands smoothed over the corded muscles of his chest. His skin was a warm, silken temptation, and with a moan of need, she moved to trail her lips over his face and down the strong column of his throat. Her stomach clenched in fierce need, her wolf delighting in the clean scent of male skin.

"You taste of heat and sunshine," she whispered as she continued her provoking caresses.

"I'm supposed to be tasting you," he growled, his hands clutching her hips as he sought to regain command.

Such an alpha.

"Do you object?" she whispered, moving steadily lower.

"Oh, hell no."

"What about this?"

"Sophia," he rasped as she reached the rippling muscles of his lower stomach.

"Mmmm?"

"I'm a Were who has wanted you for a very long time," he ground out. "I need to be inside you when I come."

She gave a throaty chuckle, oddly pleased by his words. Not that she was done with her playing. Deliberately rubbing her body back up the length of his body, she savored the electric sparks set off by the friction of their naked skin.

It'd been so long since she'd felt such overwhelming desire. Hell, she wasn't sure she'd ever needed a man like she needed Luc. Her every nerve felt alive, sensitized to the point she thought she might combust.

"You can't have wanted me that long," she murmured. "We've only known each other a week."

Without warning he lifted her hips, stealing her breath as the fierce jut of his erection settled in the damp heat between her legs.

She arched, the persistent throb in her sex rejoicing as the wide tip of him slipped just inside her body. But instead of shoving himself home, he clutched her hips and regarded her with smoldering eyes.

"I met you a week ago," he said in thick tones. "I've waited for you all my life," he murmured.

Oh shit, she was in trouble.

"Luc."

"Now ... my turn for some torture," he informed her, drawing her toward his waiting lips. "I want you begging before I'm done."

With a wicked smile, Luc branded her lips with a kiss of pure hunger. The taste of his wolf on her tongue sizzled through her, setting off small fireworks of pleasure.

Then moving his mouth over her face, he stroked down the length of her arched neck. Sophia's fingers dug into his shoulders as he tugged her upward, catching the pouting nipple between his teeth. She gave a soft growl as he licked and suckled her, her head tilted back at the insistent bliss pulsing through her. He turned his attention to the other breast, deliberately urging her desire to a fever pitch.

She needed to get him inside her.

She needed to be so deeply connected to him that they reached paradise together.

But even as she struggled to slide onto his waiting cock, he was ruthlessly hauling her up to her knees. With a strangled moan she glanced down to watch his mouth explore the clenched muscles of her stomach, his tongue darting out to send shivers of delight through her.

She moaned, her heavy lashes lowering as he stroked over the curve of her hip and down the inside of her thigh.

Okay, she could take a small detour before riding him like a cowboy.

Then his seeking lips found her moist cleft and any logical thought was destroyed. Oh, this was good. This was fan-freaking-tastic.

Struggling not to topple backward as his tongue stroked the highly sensitive flesh, she speared her fingers in the thick satin of his hair.

There was something a bit naughty about straddling him as he expertly tongued her, although she intended to become a whole lot naughtier before the night was over.

She hadn't forgotten those handcuffs he'd mentioned....

Still holding her hips, Luc found the core of her pleasure, gently sucking as the magical pressure began to build.

"Luc, I'm close," she gasped.

"Yes," he muttered, guiding her back so he could position her over his straining erection.

Then, slowly he penetrated her damp channel.

Sophia hissed as she pressed herself ever deeper. She had logically known he was large. All over. But as he stretched her to the limit, she had to admit she hadn't actually considered the sensation of being impaled by such a generously proportioned shaft.

Holy crap.

Bigger really was better.

And when a man knew what to do with such a fine, fine instrument, then it was nothing less than a gift to women.

Briefly savoring his deep, steady pace, Sophia at last placed her hands on his chest, rolling her hips to meet his upward thrust. She smiled with wicked satisfaction as his fingers convulsively clutched her hips.

He wasn't the only one with talent.

"Dios, you feel so good," he panted. "So good."

Sophia lifted until the tip of his c**k was nearly at her entrance before plunging downward. His hips jerked off the mattress, his eyes glowing as his wolf strained to be released.

Sophia chuckled, loving the sensation of being the one in power even as she knew that it was an illusion that he was offering her.

Just as he was offering her the illusion that he was hers.

The one wolf meant to be hers for all eternity.

Abruptly crushing the disturbing thought, she concentrated on the sensation of Luc's deepening thrusts, her soft pants filling the air as her muscles tightened in preparation for the looming orgasm.

Luc tightened his grip, his face burying in the curve of her neck. Then, still pumping into her at a furious pace, he sank his teeth into her flesh, sending her into a shattering climax.

Sophia shuddered in bliss, convulsing around him as he gave one more thrust and cried out with the violent pleasure of his own release.

Luc rolled to the side, wrapping his arms tightly around Sophia's trembling body as he struggled to catch his breath. His mind reeled from the astounding pleasure that continued to shudder through him.

Not just the orgasm that had ripped through him with the force of a tsunami, but the feel of her flesh beneath his fangs as he had marked her with his bite.

A damned shame that the mark wouldn't last. He wouldn't be at all displeased to have her walking around with a blatant display of his ownership.

Unfortunately even now her skin was healing, returning to the perfect, unmarred silk that tempted him to lean down and sink his teeth in for another bite.

He groaned, his body hardening.

Now that he thought about it, he was tempted to start the whole thing over. This time he wouldn't let the bewitching Were provoke him into such a swift conclusion.

He intended to take hours pleasuring her.

To have her pleading for release.

And most importantly, to make certain that he had entrenched himself so deeply she would never, ever want another lover.

Snuggling against his chest, Sophia heaved a sigh of contentment.

"That was ..."

"Sensational?" he offered, his lips teasing over her brow and down the slender length of her nose. "Life altering? The best you've ever had?"

"Adequate."

He snorted. The earth had just moved.

For both of them.

"Adequate?"

He lowered his head to deliberately tease the tender spot just below her ear, chuckling as she quivered in ready response.

"Okay, maybe it was above average," she whispered huskily.

"You're playing with fire, cara." Nipping the lobe of her ear, he planted hungry kisses down the length of her throat, pausing to nuzzle the tender flesh he intended to hold in his teeth as he brought them both to an explosive climax. "Shall I remind you of just how good it is between us?"

She groaned, her hands branding a path of heat over his chest and down his stomach.

"It's coming back," she assured him. "Slowly."

For all his brawn, Luc had always been surprisingly intuitive. In truth, it was his ability to read others that made him such a lethal killer.

Any Were could use his teeth and claws to battle his enemies. But a soldier who could predict what his opponent was going to do before he did it, priceless.

It wasn't intuition, however, that made him pull back to study his companion with a searching gaze. No, this was much deeper. Much more ... intimate.

"Sophia?"

"Hmmm?" she murmured, her hands continuing the path of destruction toward his fully erect cock.

Mierda, he wanted to forget the concern that niggled at the edge of his mind. Surely whatever was bothering Sophia could wait?

At least for a few hours.

Then, as he caught the scent of wariness threaded through the rich spice of her desire, he heaved a small sigh, catching her hand a mere heartbeat before she captured his shaft and put an end to any coherent thought.

"There's something on your mind."

She flashed a deliberately wicked smile. The kind of smile intended to divert any red-blooded male.

"A sexy six-foot Were who thinks he's all that?"

Bringing her hand to his lips, he pressed a kiss to her knuckles, his gaze never wavering from her pale face.

"Nice try, but I know when a female is distracted." He smiled wryly. "Not a problem I usually have when I'm in bed with her."

She rolled her eyes. "You really need to work on your self-confidence."

"Sophia, tell me what's troubling you."

There was a long silence as she inwardly debated the odds of keeping her secrets. Then, clearly accepting that there wasn't a chance in hell, she heaved a resigned sigh.

"I'm not sure you actually want to know."

He hissed, his muscles rigid as he prepared for an unseen blow.

"Dammit," he rasped. "If you try to convince me you regret our-"

"No, it's not that."

"Just tell me."

She licked her lips, looking oddly vulnerable. "I was attracted to you from the moment we first met."

"I knew you had good taste." His voice remained tense even as he gently tucked a golden curl behind her ear.

"But I told myself that I would be an idiot to give in to that attraction."

"Why?"

She lowered her lashes, as if she could somehow hide from his searching gaze.

"Because I wasn't going to be a convenient lay that would be forgotten the moment you returned to Miami."

He froze, his brows snapping together. "That's what you thought of me? That I intended to use and abandon you?"

"I wasn't judging you," she said. "I've enjoyed more than my share of meaningless hookups."

Was that supposed to reassure him?

Dios.

Abruptly rolling onto his back, he threw an arm over his face.

Why didn't she get a little salt to rub into the wound?

"You're right, I don't want to hear this," he muttered.

He felt her turn to press against his side, her hand lightly running over his chest in a gesture of apology.

"Luc, let me finish," she softly pleaded.

He refused to look at her. Maybe he was being childish. After all, he couldn't deny that he'd had a few one-night stands in his past. And while he had never intentionally used a woman, there might have been a few who had wanted more than he was willing to offer.

But the thought that Sophia could ever have dismissed their powerful connection as a meaningless bout of lust pissed him off.

Royally.

"Say it," he snarled.

"I was lying to myself."

"About what?"

There was the slightest hesitation before she heaved a deep sigh.

"About you and why I was terrified to let you into my bed."

He lowered his arm, grudgingly meeting her troubled gaze. "Then what was the reason?"

"I was afraid I would never let you out of it."

The blunt words hung in the air as Luc allowed them to slowly ease the sick ball of dread that had lodged in his gut.

At last he lifted a hand to lightly touch her pale cheek. "Sophia?"

"My wolf recognized you from the beginning," she admitted. "It understood... ."

"Don't stop now, cara," he coaxed, desperately needing to hear the words.

"It understood that you belong to me."

"Ah."

The emerald eyes flared at his noncommittal response. "I warned you that you wouldn't want to know."

His laughter was filled with pure joy as he rolled her beneath him, pinning her to the mattress with his much larger body.

"How could you possibly think I wouldn't want to know how you feel?" he growled, not certain if he wanted to shake her or kiss her senseless.

The damned female could make him feel as uncertain and awkward as a pup.

Her eyes widened as she felt the blunt tip of his erection settle at the moist entrance between her legs.

"You came here for a job, not to become mated."

He cupped her cheek, his thumb brushing the sensuous curve of her lips.

Just a few days ago the word mate would have made him break out in hives.

Now he couldn't imagine his life without this woman.

"It doesn't matter why I came, only that I never intend to leave."

Her arms wrapped around his neck, her emerald eyes glowing with an emotion that was echoed in his racing heart.

"Never?"

He didn't hesitate. "I belong to you now."

"Mine?"

A smile curved her lips, then before he could guess her intentions, she'd captured his thumb between her teeth, gently sucking on it.

He growled in pleasure, the sensation of her tongue rubbing his thumb making his c**k ache for the same delicious attention.

"Just as you are mine," he swore, lowering his head to press restless kisses over her face.

White-hot need blazed through him, but somewhere in the back of his mind he felt a brief moment of disquiet.

It wasn't just his fear for her safety, although that was a constant, biting concern. Until he'd captured and killed the bastard trying to harm Sophia he would always be on edge.

No, this was more personal.

But equally worrisome, he realized with a pang of surprise.

It wasn't that he regretted his actions. He'd done what he was commanded. And more importantly, his actions had always been in an effort to protect this woman.

But something warned him that Sophia might not be pleased when she discovered that he hadn't yet been totally honest with her.

Briefly he considered the notion of confessing all. It was, no doubt, the right thing to do. But even as the thought drifted through his mind, Luc was abruptly distracted when her legs wrapped around his hips, her nails biting into his ass in a silent plea for release.

There would be time later, he assured himself, squashing the tiny voice of warning.

Much, much later.

CHAPTER 7

It was late morning when Sophia and Luc crept into Kirsten's home, both shifting into wolf form to make a swift sweep of her lavish lair.

Once it was obvious there was nothing suspicious beyond an obscenely massive collection of Manolo Blahnik shoes that Sophia fully intended to get her greedy hands on, Luc gave her rump a playful nip and they headed back to her house.

Following him up the stairs to her ... their ... bedroom, she had an opportunity to admire her wolf.

And he was well worth admiring.

A large beast with massive fangs and dark fur, he was the size of a pony with a broad chest and thickly muscled legs. His eyes glowed with the midnight fire of his wolf, but there was an unmistakable intelligence that was as dangerous as all the strength of his heavy body.

Oh yes, he was fine, fine, fine.

An opinion that was only emphasized as a shimmering light haloed his body as he shifted back to his human form.

He shuddered as his body hovered between wolf and man, the ancient magic pulsing through the air. Then the transformation was over and with a remarkable ability to recover, Luc was rising to his feet, his naked body all chiseled perfection wrapped in smooth bronze silk.

Yummmmmm.

Sophia concentrated on her own shift, relishing the painful stretch of muscle and popping of bone. There was a primitive satisfaction in calling on her powers.

Not quite as swift as Luc in regaining her balance, Sophia slowly rose to her feet and pulled on the short, silk robe tossed on the bed. Across the room, Luc was already dressed in a pair of khaki shorts and polo shirt that might have made him look civilized if not for the shadow of whiskers already darkening his jaw and the feral glint in his eyes.

"Anything?" he asked, referring to their recent jaunt through the vampire's lair.

"No."

He moved to the full-length mirror attached to the back of the door, smoothing back his hair.

"Which would seem to leave the cur as the last of our suspects."

"Morton?" She snorted. "I can't imagine him as a homicidal maniac."

He turned to discover her eyeing his ass. A smug smile curved his lips.

"Looks are far too often deceiving."

Sophia grimaced, picturing the dull fire hydrant of a cur. "They would have to be excessively deceiving."

He shrugged. "I'll soon find out."

"Assuming he is guilty, I don't know how walking around a golf course whacking at a white ball is going to convince the cur to confess."

Luc crossed to stand directly in front of her. "He doesn't need to confess."

"No?"

He reached to grasp a lock of her hair, smoothing it between his fingers.

"Given enough time alone with him, I'll know if he's guilty."

"Hmmm." She studied the supreme confidence etched on his face. "You're not a mind reader, are you?"

"I have any number of talents, cara." His voice lowered to the husky drawl that made her shiver. "Not all of them involve a bed."

"Arrogant dog."

He paused, absently twirling her hair around one finger. "What are your plans for the rest of the day?"

She gave a vague wave of her hand, hoping he truly wasn't a mind reader.

"Oh, you know."

"Know what?"

"This and that."

His eyes narrowed. "Your 'this and that' wouldn't include a visit to Victoria, would it?"

Dammit. How had he known she was plotting something?

"Isn't that what golf widows do?" she demanded. "Keep each other company with a bottle of Chardonnay?"

"No."

She planted her fists on her hips. "Excuse me?"

"It's too dangerous."

Odd. She would have thought their mating would have given him some insight into her aversion to being given orders.

He might as well have waved a red flag before a bull.

"How the hell can it be too dangerous?" she said between clenched teeth. "The cur's going to be golfing with you, not lurking under the sofa."

His expression was hard, as unyielding as granite. "The nymph might be working with him."

"I already told you that she knew nothing about the attempts to kill me."

"She could be lying," he countered. "And even if she isn't responsible, she will do whatever necessary to protect her lover if she realizes we suspect him."

She stepped forward, poking her finger into the center of his chest.

"Let me get this straight," she growled. "You intend to spend the entire afternoon with a cur who might or might not be a bloodthirsty murderer, but I'm not allowed to have a glass of wine with a damned nymph?"

He didn't even flinch at her fierce accusation. "I'm not the one being hunted, Sophia."

Her teeth snapped together at the truth of his words.

She was stubborn, not stupid. And while it aggravated the hell out of her, she had to concede he had a point.

The reason she'd hired a bodyguard hadn't gone away just because she'd fallen in love with the man, had it? The only sensible thing to do was to let him do his job.

Even if the thought of twiddling her thumbs while Luc was searching for her enemy made her want to howl in frustration.

"Dammit." She glared at Luc, in this moment holding him entirely responsible. Hey, what were mates for? "I hate feeling helpless."

"You will never be helpless, cara, but just for now you need to take extra care," he murmured, smoothing her hair behind her ear. "Let me protect you."

Like he was giving her a choice?

She heaved a sigh. "Fine."

"Fine what?" he demanded, almost as if he didn't trust her.

Imagine that.

"I won't visit the nymph," she clarified.

"You'll stay home?"

"No."

"Sophia."

She met his smoldering gaze with a stubborn frown. She'd agreed to give up her plan to search Morton's house for signs of his guilt, but she'd be damned if she would remain trapped in her house like a damsel in distress.

"I need to go to the club."

"It can survive one day without you."

"Not today," she insisted. "I have payroll checks to sign and a new dancer scheduled for an audition."

He stilled, the scent of his wolf filling the air. The beast didn't like the thought of her being close to another male.

Understandable. She'd slice off his nuts if she thought he was sniffing after another female.

"A new dancer?" he growled.

"Yes." Her slow smile assured him that he was the only man she wanted. "He's a Were from China who supposedly does things with his nun-chucks that make women melt."

Without warning she was wrapped in possessive arms and hauled against Luc's broad chest.

"When I get back tonight I'll show you my nun-chucks," he promised, planting an openmouthed kiss at the base of her neck. "I bet they're bigger."

A sure bet, she silently acknowledged, wrapping her arms around his neck.

"Just make sure you make it back," she commanded, studying him with open concern.

He might be the biggest, baddest Were on the block, but there was a psychopath out there who had a gun with silver bullets and wasn't afraid to use them.

"I promise." His lips nibbled a path up the curve of her neck, halting just below her ear. "And, Sophia."

She shivered, her body instinctively arching against him. "Yes?"

"We need to talk."

Pulling back she regarded him with a wary frown.

The words were as good as a cold shower.

"Why don't I like the sound of that?"

"I just need you to know... ." He bit off his words, his expression impossible to read.

"What?"

There was a pause, as if he was considering his words. Then he gave a short shake of his head.

"Later."

Okay. Her vague unease became downright worry.

"Luc?"

"Sorry." He leaned down to steal a searing kiss that sent bolts of excitement through her before turning to head for the door. "Can't be late for our tee time."

She watched his departure with a jaundiced frown, knowing it would be a waste of time to try and force him to reveal what was troubling him.

He would confess when he was good and ready.

Throwing her hands in the air she headed to her shower.

"Men."

The exclusive country club south of town was precisely what Luc had been expecting. A large clubhouse designed in a tudor-style with attached pool, tennis courts, and stables all impeccably maintained.

The surrounding golf course was equally well-manicured. The fairways were narrow with deep sand bunkers and a line of overhanging trees that might have posed a challenge for a human. Luc, however, possessed the strength to simply hit his ball over any obstacles to the distant green, more often than not ending up mere inches from the flag that fluttered in the summer breeze.

By the time they'd reached the back nine, his physical superiority had accomplished precisely what he desired.

Morton had gone from a casual companion to a furious cur who was fuming with a frustration that reddened his round cheeks and made his eyes flash with sparks of crimson as he tried to hold back his wolf.

Unlike pure-blooded Weres, the curs were at the mercy of their beast, and while Luc didn't want the man to shift, he did want him so preoccupied with controlling his temper that his defenses were lowered.

Who knew what he might reveal?

Putting away his club after holing out on a par five, Luc joined his companion in the golf cart, nearly being tumbled out as the cur stomped on the gas pedal.

"Nice shot," Morton gritted.

Luc sprawled back in the seat, smiling with a lazy arrogance custom-designed to infuriate his companion.

"Not bad."

"Not bad?" Morton scowled. "It was a hole in one."

"A little competitive there, champ?"

Looking remarkably like a marshmallow with his square, squishy body covered in a white shirt and matching pants, Morton gripped the wheel of the golf cart and struggled not to do something stupid.

"My name is Morton, not champ," he snapped, "and when I do something, I like to do it well."

"Don't we all?"

The pale eyes glowed with a crimson fire. "Some more than others."

Luc chuckled, reaching over to slap the man on the back, hard enough to rattle his teeth.

"You know, Morty-boy, if I didn't know better I might think you didn't like me."

The cur clenched his teeth, no doubt counting to ten.

"How long are you planning to stay in Chicago?" he at last demanded.

"Hoping to get rid of me?"

"I would think the suburbs would be a bore."

Luc offered a taunting grin, covertly studying the tension emanating from the cur.

So far all he'd managed to pick up was Morton's natural aversion to an obnoxious companion. Time to up the ante.

"True, but there are benefits," he drawled. "Sophia is smoking hot between the sheets."

The male hissed. "Typical."

"Did you say something?"

Without warning the cur veered the cart off the path and headed into a thick patch of trees. Turning in his seat, he studied Luc with a revulsion he no longer tried to hide.

Luc hid a smile. Action at last.

"Sophia is revered among our people, but of course a man like you would only consider your own pleasures."

Luc paused at the fierce words.

There was an edge of crazy that he'd been looking for, but he didn't sound like a man intent on killing a female.

Of course, there were always those bastards who were willing to murder the object of their fantasy if they couldn't have them.

He slouched against the leather seat, pretending he didn't notice the cur was a breath away from shifting.

"She may be revered, but she needs a good banging like every other woman."

More crimson fire in the eyes. "Animal."

"You seem abnormally interested in my relationship with Sophia," Luc mocked. "Don't you have your own female to worry about?"

Morton belatedly attempted to hide his obsession with his beautiful neighbor.

"I merely believe Sophia deserves a more worthy male."

Luc lifted a brow. "A male like you?"

"I would certainly appreciate her fine qualities." The crimson gaze flicked over Luc with a dismissive annoyance. "Unlike you."

"If you think she's so fine, then why haven't you made your move on her?" Luc deliberately widened his eyes, as if struck by a sudden thought. "Or have you already tried and been shot down?"

"Certainly not."

"No doubt for the best." Luc gave the cur another slap on the back, barely resisting the urge to unleash his claws and rip out his throat. The mere thought that the creep had been secretly lusting after Sophia made his wolf ache for blood. "Just between us, I don't think she would ever be interested. I believe her exact words were that you were 'a sorry excuse for a cur.' "

Morton flinched at the insult, but there was a grim set to his jaw. As if he'd made his decision and nothing was going to sway him.

"That's only because she doesn't know me."

"You think you'll grow on her?" Luc chuckled. "Like fungus?"

"I think she's an intelligent female who can appreciate the needs of duty."

Luc stilled, thrown off guard by the unexpected words. "Duty?"

"Precisely."

All right, enough was enough.

He had no doubt that Morton was the stalker and he intended to get to the truth, one way or another.

He actually preferred the "another" option, since it included a lot of pain and carnage.

"Is it your duty to try and kill her?"

Morton looked like a deer in the headlights for a split second, then meeting Luc's ruthless gaze he seemed to accept that he was busted. With a shrug he allowed his act to drop, a cunning expression settling on his pudgy face.

"Ah, I feared you had guessed the truth."

Luc subtly scooted forward, not wanting to be in the position where he could be pinned against the roll-bar of the cart.

Not that he believed for a moment the cur could physically overpower him. Still, better safe than sorry.

"The only thing I've guessed is that you're responsible for stalking Sophia."

"Not stalking ..." Morton corrected, "testing."

"What the hell does that mean?"

"Although I've held the greatest respect for Sophia since the birth of her daughters, I needed to be certain that she retained her strength and agility over the years."

A chill inched down Luc's spine. There was something far more disturbing about this calm, almost condescending Morton.

"Why?"

"To bear my children, of course."

Fury pulsed through Luc, his wolf savagely trying to break free of his restraint. It would kill before it allowed another man to steal his mate.

And the man in him was in full agreement.

Ironic he was the one in a rage considering he'd been trying to provoke the cur.

"Are you insane?"

With a smooth motion, Morton reached into the cooler set on the seat between them and pulled out a small gun loaded with a cartridge.

Luc frowned. A tranq gun? The cur truly was insane if he thought a pure-blooded Were could be put down by a mere tranquilizer.

"Don't ever question my sanity," Morton warned, obviously a little sensitive on the subject of his mental state.

Luc carefully judged the distance between them as he sought to keep the cur distracted.

"If you want her as a breeder then why did you try to kill her?"

Morton regarded him as if he were particularly dense. "I didn't try to kill her. I'll admit that I devised a few obstacles to monitor her physical condition, but I would never permanently harm her."

"Bastard," Luc snarled, furious at the thought of Sophia being systematically terrorized by this psycho. "I know you were the one who shot at her. A silver bullet through the heart would have been very permanent."

"I wasn't shooting at her, you fool." Morton smirked, clearly thinking that his peashooter gave him the upper hand. A mistake that Luc was eager to demonstrate. "I was aiming at you."

Luc frowned, startled by the confession. "Me?"

"I had borrowed Victoria's disguise amulet to follow Sophia to her club when you arrived in Chicago." His expression hardened with disgust. "I knew from the way you were watching her that you were going to interfere with my plans."

"What plans?"

"To capture Sophia and impregnate her with my litter."

Any coherent thought was lost as a red mist descended over him, his beast beyond the point of no return.

"No way in hell," he growled, his words nearly unintelligible.

Looking almost bored as Luc began to shift, Morton pointed the gun at the center of his chest.

"I just knew you were going to be trouble."

Distantly Luc heard the pop of the gun and felt the dart plunge into his flesh, but, lost in his transformation, it was too late when he realized his muscles were slowly being paralyzed as the unknown substance began to flow through his blood.

Regarding the smug cur in horror, he realized he should have paid far more attention to his own warnings.

Looks truly were deceiving....

CHAPTER 8

Sophia was running late.

After reviewing the payroll and dealing with the linen service that had forgotten to bring their laundered tablecloths and napkins, she had been forced to soothe one of the waiters who had been insulted by the bartender and locate the key to the back freezer that had been lost.

At last she was able to settle in a chair to audition the Were who had traveled thousands of miles just to perform at her club.

Unfortunately, she struggled to concentrate.

It wasn't that Jian wasn't spectacular. He nearly set the stage on fire with his lean, muscular body that moved with a fluid grace that was amazing even by Were standards.

But tapping a finger on the arm of her chair, she realized she felt ... weird, unsettled.

She told herself that she was merely impatient to return home to Luc. He was bound to be finished with his golf match by now and waiting for her return.

Hopefully naked in her bed.

What woman wouldn't be anxious to be done with work?

Counting down the minutes until she could politely bring the audition to a close, Sophia was startled when she caught a familiar scent.

Turning her head, she watched the crimson-haired imp dressed in a silver mesh shirt and black spandex cross the room to take the chair beside her, setting a leather briefcase at his feet.

"Mmm," he moaned, his gaze drinking in the sight of the near-naked Were dancing on the stage. "Tasty."

"Troy." Sophia gave a lift of her brows. "Don't you have your own business to run?"

"Yes, but the view isn't nearly so nice."

She reached to grab his chin, turning his fascinated attention in her direction.

"If you want to ogle the talent, you're supposed to pay a cover charge."

He pouted. "Is that any way to treat your bestest friend?"

"The last time I came to your coffee shop you charged me an arm and a leg for a cappuccino the size of a thimble," she reminded him in dry tones.

"But I sprinkled it with my special fairy dust."

"Special fairy dust, my ass," she scoffed. "It was cinnamon."

A smile twitched at the edges of his mouth. "Maybe."

"I assume you have a reason for being here beyond trying to sneak a peek?"

The smile faded, leaving the handsome face unexpectedly somber.

"I think we should talk."

"Uh-oh." Sophia frowned. "I seem to be getting that a lot lately."

"A lot of what?"

"Nothing." Trying to shrug off her persistent unease and the sudden certainty she wasn't going to like what Troy had to say, Sophia rose to her feet. "Let's go to my office."

With a thumbs-up toward Jian, she led the towering imp into her office, closing the door behind them.

Troy strolled to inspect her enviable collection of Faberge eggs.

"Nice."

Sophia moved to the wet bar behind her desk. "Something to drink? Water? Brandy?" She pointed toward the sleek silver cappuccino machine. "A ten-dollar cappuccino with fairy dust?"

"No need." Troy took the seat opposite her desk, opening his leather briefcase to pull out a small flask. "I always carry my own."

"You came prepared," she murmured, noting the stack of manila folders in the case. "Should I be worried?"

He took a swig from the flask. "I'm not sure."

Shit.

She sat in the chair behind her desk, her heart lodged in her throat.

"Troy?"

He replaced the flask, regarding her with a guarded gaze. "When you asked me to find you a bodyguard I went through my usual contacts to locate one."

"Is that a problem?"

"Not usually."

She tucked her hands beneath the desk, unwilling to let the imp see her clenching them.

"What's different this time?"

The imp paused, as if considering the wisdom of confessing whatever it was that had brought him to the club. Sophia forced herself to keep her mouth shut.

What not? If he tried to leave she was quite prepared to beat the truth out of him.

At last he squared his shoulders and took the plunge. "After it was obvious that you were enjoying more than just Luc's professional services, I decided to double-check the background information I was given."

"And?"

"And it's bogus."

A cold ball of dread lodged in the pit of her stomach. "What's bogus?"

"Everything."

"Be a little more specific, Troy."

He reached into his briefcase, pulling out the top file and tossed it onto her desk.

"The references he listed on his resume," he said. "His address. His social security number. None of it's real."

Squashing the urge to toss the folder across the room, Sophia instead lifted her hand and flipped it open, scanning the documents inside.

"He lied," she said at last.

"Yes."

With a jerky motion, Sophia was on her feet, crossing to stare out the newly replaced window.

What the hell?

The documents that Troy had produced clearly revealed that the Miami addresses were fake, along with Luc's supposed references.

But why?

It wasn't as if she was freaking Katy Perry. Becoming her bodyguard wasn't some fantastic position that a man would lie to acquire.

"I'm sorry," Troy murmured softly.

"Not nearly as sorry as I am," she muttered, wrapping her arms around her waist. Why did she suddenly feel so cold? "What's that saying, 'There's no fool like an old fool'?"

She heard the imp cross to stand directly behind her, his hands landing lightly on her shoulders.

"You aren't a fool, Sophia," he assured her. "Luc managed to deceive us all."

"Yeah, but you're not sleeping with him."

"Only because he didn't ask."

Sophia started to smile when she was abruptly struck by a thought that made her heart clench in agony.

"Holy shit."

Giving her shoulders a tug, Troy turned her to meet his searching gaze.

"What?"

"He could be working with the maniac who has been stalking me," she breathed. "Hell, he could be the stalker."

Troy gave a firm shake of his head. "No, he's not the stalker. That's one thing I'm absolutely certain of."

So was she.

Her lips thinned as the thought whispered through the back of her mind.

She had proof that he had lied to her from the beginning of their relationship. Why did she find it impossible to accept he would ever do anything to hurt her?

"How can you know?"

With a grimace he moved back to the briefcase he'd left on her desk, pulling out yet another folder.

"Because he's one of Salvatore's most trusted lieutenants," he said, pressing the file into her hands. "Here."

She leaned against the window, her head dizzy as she tried to process yet another shock.

Damn the King of Weres.

She had known when Salvatore capitulated so easily to her refusal to join them in Styx's lair that he was up to something. Something devious.

He was a Were who always believed he knew best.

So the fact that he had somehow managed to discover she was seeking a bodyguard and had planted his own trusted soldier into her house to keep an eye on her wasn't at all a surprise.

But that didn't make Luc's deception any easier to bear.

He might not be her stalker, but he'd used her desire and all too vulnerable emotions to make sure he could remain close to her and fulfill his duty to his king.

The ... jackass.

Her gaze dropped to the folder she was clutching in her hand.

"What's this?"

"The information my private investigator managed to dig up. At considerable expense, I might add." Troy shook his head. "The man buried his identity deeper than Jimmy Hoffa."

"You have a private investigator?" she absently demanded, flicking through the various pages.

She paused to take in the photos of the large stucco mansion surrounded by palm trees that was Luc's true home and an unmistakable picture of Luc and Salvatore meeting in a park several miles west of Chicago.

Another shaft of pain sliced through her heart.

"It's a dangerous world these days," Troy explained. "You can't trust anyone."

"No shit." She threw the folder across the room, watching the papers fan across her carpet.

Troy nervously cleared his throat. "Are you going to be okay?"

Was she?

At the moment she wasn't entirely certain.

The pain and disappointment clawing through her felt lethal.

Then realizing that the imp was watching her with a sympathy she couldn't stomach, she gave a toss of her hair.

"I'm Sophia," she announced, her head held high. "No man's going to get me down. Even if he is a lying, mangy piece of shit."

Troy gave a snap of his fingers, a smile curving his lips. "You go, girl."

"Now, if you'll excuse me."

Sophia headed for the door, her need to find Luc an overwhelming compulsion.

"Uh, Sophia," Troy called out.

She glanced over her shoulder. "Yes?"

"If you decide to kill Luc you need to make sure you hide the body," he warned. "I doubt that your son-in-law would be happy to learn you offed his most trusted soldier."

A humorless smile curved her lips. "Actually I was thinking I could use a new fur rug in front of my fireplace."

Troy's eyes widened. "Yikes."

Leaving the office, Sophia headed out of the club, her fierce glare keeping the milling employees at bay.

She wasn't in the mood to deal with clogged drains and missing G-strings.

In fact, the only thing she was in the mood for was blood and mayhem.

Storming out a side door, she was halfway across the parking lot when she heard a faint click. She slowed her furious pace at the same minute she felt a prick in her upper chest. Looking down she realized there was a small dart sticking from her skin.

What the ... ?

That was as far as her confused mind managed to get before her muscles became paralyzed and she was tumbling toward the paved ground. Then her head was smacking face-first into the pavement and the entire world exploded into black.

Waking, Sophia cautiously held herself still as she took stock.

She hadn't gone to the great kennels in the sky, thank the gods.

She had a throbbing head, and she could feel an odd metal collar strapped around her neck, but the rest of her seemed to be back in working order.

Cautiously she allowed her senses to spread further.

She was in a basement, she realized with a stab of surprise. Or at least underground.

And night had fallen while she had been conked out.

Oh, and the stench of cur was thick in the air.

The same scent she'd caught mere seconds before she'd been shot by the dart.

A growl trickled from her throat as she wrenched open her eyes to discover Morton leaning over her, his face the nasty color of paste in the fluorescent light.

"You." She surged to a sitting position, barely noticing the narrow cot beneath her as Morton hastily backed away. "Bastard."

With a visible effort the cur halted his retreat, gathering his shaken courage as he sent her a chiding glare.

"Now, Sophia, I must insist that the mother of my children not use such foul language," he informed her. "It's indecent."

Still weak from whatever poison he'd pumped into her system, Sophia swayed on the edge of the cot, wondering which of them had lost their minds.

She was betting on the cur.

"Mother?" She shook her head, trying to clear the cobwebs. "Are you mental?"

Pinpricks of crimson flashed through the pale eyes. "Don't push me."

Oh, pushing him was going to be the last of the little prick's concern once she got her strength back, she assured herself, glancing around the six-by-six-foot cell that was paneled with sheets of silver.

"Where are we?"

"My private lair beneath Victoria's house." He regained command of his composure, one hand smoothing down his white polo shirt. His other hand held a small device that Sophia suspected was some sort of weapon. "Don't worry, she knows better than to come down here. We won't be interrupted."

Her lip curled in scorn. "Does she suspect that you're a psychopath?"

She had barely finished her taunt when Morton pressed a button on the device and the collar around her neck began to sizzle. The next thing she knew a massive jolt of electricity speared through her body, nearly toppling her off the cot onto the cement floor.

"Shit," she breathed.

"I did warn you."

She clenched her teeth, imagining the pleasure of gutting the pasty-faced cur over and over and over... .

"What do you want with me?"

"I told you," he scolded. "I've chosen you to be the mother of my children."

"No doubt in your demented mind you think I should be honored by the offer, but I'm afraid I'll have to take a pass." Her stomach heaved at the mere thought. "Thanks, but no thanks."

Even prepared for the bolt of electricity, Sophia couldn't halt her yip of pain, her legs trembling and sweat coating her skin.

"You will learn," Morton growled.

Her hand weakly lifted toward the metal wrapped around her neck.

"Christ, where the hell did you get this thing?"

"I invented it myself," the cur preened, as if expecting Sophia to admire his handiwork. "Just as I invented the serum that knocked you out. I'm a scientist."

"So was Dr. Frankenstein," she muttered. "You know how that turned out."

Zap.

She leaned down until her forehead touched her knees, fighting against the urge to vomit.

"You will learn to respect me," Morton abruptly shouted, clearly unhinged by her refusal to play the game by his rules.

Not surprising.

Morton-the-cur was a born victim who had no doubt been bullied and mocked by others his entire life.

"Why?" she demanded. "Because you can create torture devices?"

"That's merely my hobby." His smile was edged with a smug pride. "My true genius is chemistry. Which is why Caine hired me."

Her eyes widened in surprise.

Caine was currently missing along with her daughter Cassandra.

At one time he'd been under the sway of a demon lord who'd convinced him that he was destined to change curs into pure-blooded Weres.

A part of the prophecy had come true when the same demon lord had taken a path directly through Caine on his way back to hell, transforming him from a cur into a Were.

"You worked with Caine?"

The cur shrugged. "Yes, although we disagreed on how to accomplish our goal to turn curs into pure-blooded Weres."

"And how did you hope to accomplish such a miracle?"

She expected him to refuse to answer. Weren't mad scientists usually secretive about their strange experiments?

Instead he answered without hesitation.

"In the same way your king did."

"I beg your pardon?"

"I intend to alter the DNA of our children while they are still in your womb."

"You ..."

Words failed her, her mind refusing to return to those long days in Salvatore's clinic. She'd been a willing participant and it had still been near unbearable. With an effort she squashed the rising panic. She would die before she allowed this freak to impregnate her. First, however, she would try to reason with him.

"Even supposing that you do manage to change our children into Weres, how does that help the other curs?" she asked.

His eyes lit with the gleam of a true fanatic. "I can use their blood to help create a vaccine that will transform all of us."

She shook her head, not about to try and point out to Dr. Evil that the magic that created a pure-blooded Were couldn't be found in a test tube. It was always futile to argue with a true believer.

"Why me?" she instead asked.

"You've already proven yourself to be a fertile breeder."

She rolled her eyes. "Gee, thanks."

He seemed caught off guard by her response. "I mean that with the greatest respect."

Said the psycho to his electrified prisoner.

"And?" she prompted, knowing there had to be more.

"And when you moved into the neighborhood I realized that fate had at last smiled upon me," he admitted. "Why else would you be here if not to fulfill my destiny?"

Great. Of all the neighborhoods she could have chosen, she had to pick the one with Morton-the-crazy-ass-cur.

"Have you considered the fact that I might not be willing to become your lab rat?"

"I'll admit that it's been a concern," he said. "I hated the thought of holding you prisoner down here for months, perhaps even years. I'm not a monster, after all."

She choked back a laugh at his seeming sincerity. "You could have fooled me."

He ignored her response, moving toward the small stool in the corner of the barren cell to pick up a heavy leather glove.

"Then a solution literally dropped in my lap."

Sophia's wolf was on full alert although the serum still pumping through her bloodstream refused to allow her to shift.

"What solution?"

Using his gloved hand, the cur reached for the small handle on the wall, pulling back the silver panel to reveal that the cell was divided in two.

Sophia hissed in sudden horror as she caught sight of the dark Were lying unconscious on the floor, a silver collar around his neck that was attached to the heavy chain bolted to the wall.

Luc.

Stupidly she'd assumed that he was waiting for her at her home. Perhaps even now wondering why she was so late.

For a moment panic threatened to consume her.

He might be a deceitful bastard who had broken her heart, but the thought that he might be dead was enough to send a crippling agony through her.

Then through her pain, she detected the unmistakable beat of his heart.

Oh ... thank the gods.

He was alive.

She turned her head to stab the cur with a fierce glare. "What have you done to him?"

"I gave him the same drug I used on you, although in a considerably larger dose." He gave a dismissive wave of his hand. "He'll eventually wake up."

Sophia sensed the sudden increase in Luc's heartbeat.

He was awake, she abruptly realized, but feigning unconsciousness. A task made possible by Morton's inferior senses.

She smoothed her expression, inwardly gathering her strength. Although she was still weak, she knew she would have to strike swiftly. The amount of silver in the room would drain what little power she had remaining in a matter of hours.

"What's the point of holding him prisoner?" she demanded. "I'm fairly certain he can't carry your litter."

"My first thought was to kill him," he admitted, his voice revealing his deep regret in being denied the pleasure. "Not only because I knew that he'd be a threat to my plans, but because he's a genuine pain in the ass." He heaved a sigh. "Then I realized he could be my assurance for your good behavior."

Shit.

With an effort, she forced herself to pretend confusion as she shakily rose to her feet. She needed to distract him just long enough to get that damned device out of his hand.

"I don't know what you mean."

"I'm not blind." His lips thinned in revulsion. "I saw how you watched him during your party."

"He's gorgeous." She shrugged. "How could I not watch him?"

"You care for him," he insisted, the crimson flickering in his eyes. "Which means you'll do whatever I ask to make sure he eventually gets out of this basement alive."

"You're right." She gave a wave of her hand to distract from her covert step forward.

He sniffed. "Of course I am."

"You're right that I did care for him." Another wave, another step. "Past tense."

"I don't believe you."

"Then call Troy."

He frowned. "The imp?"

"Yep." She turned to glare at the unmoving Were, not having to feign her simmering anger. "Right before you went all Man vs. Wild on me in the parking lot, he revealed that Luc had lied to me."

Watching him with an eagle eye, she easily caught the faint twitch of his ears.

Guilty conscience?

Or annoyance at having been busted?

"What was the lie?" Morton wanted to know.

She pointed a finger toward Luc, again taking a step forward. Just a few more feet and she would be close enough to knock his ass to the ground.

She didn't have a plan after that, but she was willing to play it by ear.

"He's not a bodyguard like he told me," she revealed. "He's a right-hand man to Salvatore and he was sent to Chicago to spy on me."

Morton scowled, obviously reluctant to believe her. Her outrage at Luc's betrayal did, after all, ruin his diabolical plans. But even a stupid cur could sense the sincerity of her angry words.

"Why would the king wish to spy on you?"

"He obviously believes I'm too stupid to make my own decisions," she snapped. "An opinion shared by that Were lying on the floor." She moved toward the cur, keeping her steps slow and unsteady, as if she was having trouble with her balance. "So if you hope to use him as a bargaining chip then you're shit out of luck, because as far as I'm concerned you can dig his grave and toss him in."

"No." Morton pressed his gloved hand to his forehead. "You're trying to confuse me."

"What's confusing?" With another step she was able to reach out and grab his white polo shirt, giving him a small shake. "Where's your gun? I'll shoot him myself."

"Stop... ." He regarded her in puzzlement, unaware of his danger. "Don't do this... ."

Knowing she'd only have one shot at escape, Sophia pulled back her arm and smashed her fist into his face with enough force to make him fly across the cell and smack into the far wall.

If she'd been at full strength, the bastard would have been dead.

As it was, he was only knocked loopy.

With her heart lodged in her throat, Sophia darted toward Luc, who was on his feet, regarding her with a burning black gaze.

She didn't need to be able to read his mind to know he was furious she was trying to rescue him rather than escaping.

Ignoring the massive fangs he bared as she knelt beside him, she clamped her hands around the silver collar. The silver seared into her skin, burning away the flesh, but there was no time to search for a key.

Already she could feel Morton stirring.

Luc growled, using his large head to try and push her away, but she held on. She could feel the silver stretching and weakening beneath her powerful tugs. Just a few more seconds and she'd be able to snap it in half.

The prickle on her neck was the only warning before a bolt of electricity shot through her body. She screamed, her back bowing beneath the impact, but grimly ignoring the brutal pain she continued to pull at the collar.

Distantly she was aware of Luc's furious growls and yet more lightning dancing down her spine. Christ. She was about to black out.

Again.

Out of time, Sophia gave one more massive tug, not certain if she actually felt the collar snap beneath her grip, but there was no mistaking the sensation of Luc's massive body brushing past her as he launched himself forward or the shrill screams of Morton.

Death screams.

CHAPTER 9

Once again Sophia was struggling out of a blanket of darkness.

This time it took only moments to realize she was lying on her own bed wearing a clean camisole and silk shorts. And that she wasn't alone.

Luc filled the room with his presence.

The rich, male scent. The restless power of his wolf.

And above all, the prickling awareness that set her blood on fire.

For a crazed moment she felt an overwhelming surge of relief at the knowledge that they had both survived the basement from hell and that they were seemingly safe from Morton the crazy-ass cur.

Then she abruptly remembered that Luc was a total creep who'd played her for a fool.

And that she wanted to kick him in the nuts, not shiver in pleasure as he settled on the mattress beside her reclined body and gently tucked a curl behind her ear.

"Sophia?" he murmured softly. "I know you're awake."

She kept her eyes squeezed shut. Maturity was highly overrated.

"Go away."

"No."

She heaved an aggravated sigh. "I hate you."

He trailed his fingers down the stubborn line of her jaw. "Sophia, open your eyes."

"Will you go away if I do?"

"No."

"What if I get a gun and shoot you?"

He chuckled, his fingers shifting to outline the curve of her lower lip.

"You won't shoot me."

Her eyes snapped open. How else could she glare into his handsome face?

Unfortunately, she also managed to catch a glimpse of his broad shoulders and the chiseled muscles of his chest that were perfectly outlined by his tight black T-shirt.

Dear gods, but he was gorgeous.

Edible.

Treacherous, unwelcome heat curled through the pit of her stomach.

"Why won't I?" she asked between clenched teeth.

A smile teased at his lips, but the dark eyes remained watchful. Wary.

"Because you love me."

She stiffened at the accusation. "Arrogant ass."

"Maybe, but I'm your arrogant ass."

With a curse, Sophia scooted until she was leaning against the pile of pillows at the head of the bed, pleased to discover that her wounds were completely healed.

She could feel Luc's gaze skim down her half-naked body with a tangible hunger, but she resisted the urge to crawl beneath the covers.

She wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of knowing he could still disturb her.

"Do you really think that I'm going to forgive and forget that you came to me under false pretenses?" she rasped. "That you climbed into my bed with lies? And that even after we ..."

"We what?" he prompted as her words broke off.

"Supposedly mated."

His jaw clenched, his power thickening the air. "There's no 'supposed' about it, Sophia. We are most definitely mated."

She ignored his interruption, despite the voice in the back of her mind that warned he was right.

Mating wasn't marriage. It couldn't be ended by a couple of lawyers and a restraining order.

At the moment she wasn't in any mood to admit they were still bonded.

"Even then you continued to deceive me."

Something flared through the dark eyes. "I know."

She blinked. "That's it? That's all you have to say for yourself?" She lowered her voice, mimicking his less-than-impressive explanation. "'I know.'"

"I was scared," he clarified.

Her brows snapped together. "If you're trying to be funny ..."

"I'm not."

"Mr. Neanderthal was scared?" She allowed her gaze to trail down the hard, toned perfection of his body. "Of what?"

"I didn't know at the time." He studied her with blatant regret. "I only knew that whenever I told myself I had to confess the truth, I found some reason to put off the inevitable."

Her heart gave a renegade flutter. "And now?"

"Now I know that I was terrified that when you learned the truth you would never be able to forgive me. If I lost you ..." He abruptly reached to grasp her hand in a near painful grip, a haunting fear briefly flaring through his eyes. "I wouldn't be able to survive."

A portion of her fury faded. There was no doubting the sincerity of his words.

She could feel the fierce emotions that pulsed through his body. They echoed in her own heart.

"What exactly is the truth?" she asked, her voice thick.

"I think you know most of it." His thumb caressed her inner wrist, the light caress sending jolts of pleasure shooting through her. "I was contacted by Salvatore two weeks ago. He said that his mother-in-law was in danger, but that she was too stubborn to accept his help." He grimaced. "To be honest, I wasn't happy about his request. I'm a soldier, not a babysitter."

Her eyes narrowed. "And I'm not an aging, feebleminded female who needs her hand held by a big, bad male," she snapped.

"Aging?" He seemed baffled by her outrage. "You're an exquisite female who is just reaching her prime."

A secret part of her preened at his words-she was, after all, about to become a grandmother, she had every right to be sensitive. But she was still angered by the thought she'd been treated as if she was incapable of making her own decisions.

"And feebleminded?" she pressed.

Frustration tightened his expression. "Of course you aren't feebleminded. Hell, you're clever enough to ensure my life is going to be a constant battle to keep up with you. But I won't apologize for trying to keep you safe, cara," he rasped. "It's what I was born to do."

Okay.

That was exactly the right thing to say, she wryly acknowledged.

Not that she was ready to concede defeat. There were still a few bones to pick.

"If Salvatore realized I was searching for a bodyguard, why did he send you?" One day she would discover exactly how her son-in-law had known she was in danger and that she was looking for a hired thug. "It was obvious I was taking steps to protect myself."

"Because I'm the best."

She snorted. "Even if you do say so yourself?"

His dark gaze never wavered. "It's not a boast, Sophia, it's the simple truth."

She believed him.

There was a vast difference between arrogance and confidence.

But she didn't accept that it was just his talent in providing security that had prompted Salvatore to choose him.

"And because you would report to him?"

"Yes," he admitted without hesitation. "Your daughters were anxious to know you were safe." Abruptly his grip on her hand tightened, his wolf glowing in his eyes. "Of course, in the end I failed you."

Sophia sucked in a sharp breath as she felt the guilt that was festering deep inside Luc.

Christ, she'd never thought he would be blaming himself for her being kidnapped by Morton. The cur was raving mad. Who could possibly have predicted what he would do?

She leaned forward to frame his face in her hands, glaring into his wounded eyes.

"Don't say that."

"It's true. Mierda." He shuddered, his hands lifting to lightly grasp her wrists. As if he needed to reassure himself that she was alive and unharmed. "I was so worried you would be lured into a trap and I walked straight into one. And then, when Morton was torturing you with that damned collar ..."

Without thought she leaned forward to halt his pained words with a fierce kiss. She couldn't bear for him to be burdened with regret when he'd done everything possible to keep her safe. But as soon as their mouths connected, the gesture of comfort combusted into something far more intense.

Dangerous.

Hurriedly she jerked back, licking her tingling lips.

"I'm assuming he's dead?"

His brooding gaze remained locked on her mouth. "Yes."

"Good."

There was a short silence as they both savored the thought of Morton dead.

Sophia hoped the bastard was rotting in hell.

At last, Luc slowly smiled. "Of course, there was one good thing about being locked in that basement."

A good thing?

She scowled. "Did you take a blow to the head? That place was a nightmare."

"You risked your life to rescue me," he pointed out softly. "You wouldn't have done that if you didn't still love me."

"I was too weakened to shift," she lamely tried to argue. "I knew I would need you to kill Morton and get us out of there."

"Liar."

"Luc ..."

Tugging on her wrists, which he still held in a loose grip, he kissed her with an aching tenderness.

"I'm sorry, cara," he whispered against her mouth. "I regret ever deceiving you, and if I could go back in time I would change everything. But all we can do is go forward."

She pulled back to study his somber expression. Deep inside she knew that he hadn't meant to hurt her. At least not intentionally.

He'd come to Chicago as a soldier obeying orders. And like her he'd been knocked off guard by the power of their mating.

Could she truly blame him for being reluctant to confess the truth?

Not that she didn't intend to keep his blunder as ammunition to pull out whenever she screwed up. It was almost like having a Get Out of Jail Free card, she decided.

"You swear never to lie to me again?"

She could feel the tension drain from him at her question, a small smile curving his lips.

"I swear I will never ever give you a reason to regret trusting in me," he hedged, knowing better than to make a promise he could never keep.

A Were who could be trained.

A good sign.

"And you won't interfere when I kick Salvatore's furry ass?"

"He is my king, but you ..." The dark gaze seared over her face, his steadfast love burning like a beacon. "You are my mate."

"Smart Were," she whispered, a delicious warmth spilling through her as she wrapped her arms around his neck. "Maybe you should remind me why that's a good thing."

"With pleasure." He pressed her back against the pillows, his lips tracing a path of erotic fire down the curve of her neck. "For both of us."'

